Several kilometers away, Fawnlock sat with his back against a sturdy pine tree, listening to the troubles of one Meg Murray and her precocious younger brother and turning pages slowly in the moonlight.
“John.” Sherlock touched John’s face to recapture his gaze. “John, I’m falling for you. I’m not thinking about anyone but you. I am completely high on what they call ‘New Relationship Energy.’ You have my complete focus. I’m saying that I can imagine wanting to play with others in the future, wanting to go
around John, who bit his forearm to keep from shouting. A moment later, John was unloading jet after jet of hot jism down Sherlock’s throat.
“It’s winter, Librarian. The antlers have served their purpose. I remove them by bashing my head against trees. I am eager to be rid of the remaining monstrosity, but it has not responded to my efforts yet.”
I’m tired all the time but I think I’m getting stronger. I was second through the obstacle course today!
There was a brief struggle. The deer boy clearly wanted to examine his find, but Johnny was insistent on reclaiming his property.
He was in a laboratory. There were three shiny metal-topped tables in the middle of the room, surrounded by shallow gutters; the tables were slightly larger than the dimensions of the average human. Gleaming metal counters wrapped around three sides of the room, with metal cabinets hung above. The fourth wall was filled with three floor-to-ceiling polished steel doors. The counters held glass containers in various shapes and sizes; he also spied two instruments that matched the “microscope” pictures he’d seen in books. The room smelled of a sharp chemical that he couldn’t identify, underlaid with a faint sickly sweet smell of decomposition. Fawnlock was unaware that his face held an intense expression of delight, and he unknowingly let out a small whimper.
“John, I need you to be honest with me about the pain. I cannot do this properly if you will not tell me what you are feeling. It is especially critical for someone with injuries such as yours.”
John glanced around. Other customers were taking no notice of him; a woman standing near him had strapped on some kind of harness and was holding a dildo up to her pelvis, asking her friend (partner?) if the base was wide enough. John looked down at the toy in his hand and ran a finger experimentally down the side. It was smooth, and it had a bit of give to it. He looked up at Sherlock, utterly lost.
“Y’know, I can’t quite figure out what it is about Mycroft that is so irritating. It should be lovely, having someone offer to step in and take care of all our worries. I mean, let’s look at it. He offered to get us jobs, a place to live, get us there safely; why does that set my teeth on edge?”
Then he felt kind of defensive, so he crossed his arms as he lay propped against the pillows. Okay, this was the most uncomfortable he had been since he’d gotten to the hotel. This was a bad idea. This fancy stuff was not for him. Just give him some regular, ordinary love-making, thank you very much. He really was a pretty straight-forward guy: tea and biscuits, meat and potatoes, a little footie on the telly, some kissing and fondling and a how-do-you-do and then fall asleep after was just fine with him. None of these toys and “altered states” and crazy ideas were really necessary—
, John. Listen. Listen.” Sherlock let his voice drop lower and quieter, heading toward something hypnotic and rhythmic. “Listen to my voice, focus on my voice. Let it fill your consciousness. Think about how it sounds, how it would taste if you could taste it, what it would look like if you could see it. Think about the air passing over my vocal chords, my lips and my tongue forming the words, the sound waves travelling to vibrate in your eardrums.” Sherlock’s words had slowed down, stretching and melting into something deep and dark like spoken molasses. He watched as John’s shoulders drooped a little and his face slackened its hold on its expression of disdain.
Sherlock felt John’s muscle contract and hoped that was an arousal thing and not a worry thing. He reached around inside with his fingertips, and there—that nub, that must be—
“Would you like to join one of our reading groups? We have two; one meets during the day, one on weekends.”
He watched, keeping his doubts from his face, as John positioned him once again on his back, against the pillows. John unearthed a new bottle of lube from somewhere—the toy bag, probably—and wriggled his way between Sherlock’s legs so that he was lying on top of him again.
. My car hasn’t been washed in a year. We are disgusted by lawns. So let’s just go with this AU including not only legal Companions but also a California where the water flows plentifully and rain happens as often as we need, and our heroes get to spend as long as they damn well like in a multi-nozzle never-cold shower because they deserve it; they’ve been through hell.
The tutorial had been torture, too. Not only was it boringly obvious, once he understood the pattern of repeating what the book-human said, but it was also terrifyingly filled with the constant opportunity for failure. He’d better pick up on this al-fa-beht thing pretty quickly if he didn’t want to die of the tedium.
“Haven’t felt the urge.” John watched Sherlock’s face closely for pity. Instead he seemed to go oddly blank.
And then Sherlock could feel John coming inside him! It was astonishing, he could actually feel the heat of John’s release—three, no
thought Mycroft. Oh well, Joaquin didn’t usually have very inspired ideas anyway. He was sure Joaquin would back up whatever they decided the next night.
“A cheque.” Sherlock refused to be prodded into saying more. Years later, John found out it was an anonymous money order for $100,000; “Susan” was Susan O’Connell, then-President of the board of the Zen Center.
“That’s absurd. If you follow that line of logic, I should like Milošević because we’re both pale-skinned. The only person I have to like out of solidarity is you; I have to like you even when you’re in a strop and insisting on stitching up everything in sight.”
John reached behind himself and fumbled for a tissue box he knew was on the table next to his side of the bed.
Now John felt like he was floating a few inches above the bed. It was amazing. Sherlock’s voice was like a dark, thick, warm river that was buoying him along; John was a little boat bobbing afloat Sherlock’s words without a care as to where he was going, completely secure in the knowledge that he was utterly safe.
Moosecroft ignored the jibe. “I am aware of your ill-advised, continued observation of the creatures. You were there when the fire began?”
‘Well, let’s have it then,’ said the Mole, after he had waited patiently for a few minutes, half dozing in the hot sun.
A muffled squeak sounded behind him. He glanced back and saw the deer boy staring around him, and when he looked to see what was there he was astonished to see a very tall man with shaggy, furry legs, hooves for feet, and enormous curly horns coming out of his head. He had a thick beard and lots of hair where there wasn’t fur and he generally looked pretty giant and manly and intimidating. But his eyes were so very kind, Johnny knew this beast would never hurt him.
“Neuro-typical brains do indeed respond to cocaine as a stimulant. I find that it quiets my racing thoughts and allows me to focus and become more effective. It’s similar to the reverse calming effect of Ritalin on ADD sufferers’ brains.”
There really were protests outside of hotels for a while, notably sometime around 2006 or 2007 when I was working in the city; if I recall correctly, the cleaning services were protesting not having a working contract. They would chant and march and use whistles and drums and shout, and I can’t imagine that it didn’t hurt the hotels’ business at least a bit. Someone throwing paint and yelling about fur doesn’t really fit, but then people often glom onto one protest with their own unrelated causes.
Felix pulled John off the stool and into a very close and grindy sort of dance. John laughed and went with it. Felix turned around and pushed his sweetly tight ass against John’s crotch and cheers went up amongst the tightly packed dancers around them. John put his hands on Felix’ waist and swayed his hips.
“I have to call Mycroft, warn him that I’m coming back,” he said, sounding a bit more steady. “I don’t...I don’t have any ideas for how we will ensure my safety. I
He supposed if he were honest with himself, he resented the detour his life had taken from a leisurely expected track of university, medical school, internship and residency and onto the harsh realities of Army life as a young recruit. This was not the life he had anticipated. And the fury at his sister for doing this to his family was eating him up inside. The only thing that seemed to help was physical exertion, so he became the best in the unit at all of the physical training. He held the base record for fastest 10k run in full pack; he beat everyone so consistently in sparring that he’d been banned from it. He could field-strip a gun in under ten minutes, and shooting was so easy for him that he’d been moved into sniper rifle training. How that fit in with his medic training, he wasn’t sure, but he didn’t think too much about it. He tried not to think too much about
“Never you mind, brother dear. You have made it clear you have no interest in that part of your birthright. Just alert me if the creature survives the fire and how to find it.”
. Regardless, the point is that I believe that you would benefit extensively from subspace, which is a term for the altered state that can be achieved through the physical and emotional side effects of allowing a controlled power exchange through various traditional submissive methods.”
Sherlock was a little baffled by John’s insistence on edging. His sudden need to take the lead, to prove himself in charge, especially of their sexual activities, seemed a direct reaction to finding out about the cameras. But why all this edging business? Perhaps it was part of an overall asserting of control: forcing Sherlock to lie under him, to stay still and quiet; shackling his cock, controlling when he could (and mostly could not) come; trying to control when and how he would perform and receive sex acts. It was all very primal, and Sherlock looked forward to experimenting with these themes a lot more with John.
“Now, come here.” He pulled the naked John into his arms, snuggling them down under the covers. He himself now had on only black silk briefs, so there was plenty of skin contact. John sighed in relief.
Everything about Mel’s and GV is true, wet fries and all. And yes, we have to pay a quarter for a paper shopping bag out here now. Plastic bags are right out--they are illegal. We all look like 1900s country villagers going to market for our daily vegetables (as we trudge, instead, into Best Buy looking for a USB hub) with heaps of ratty cloth bags draped over our arms.
“You could say that.” She reached a hand over the table. “Captain McIntyre. My dad was American, mum was Korean.”
I have no idea if there is an “honor of the whiskey.” I don’t even drink whiskey. But if there isn’t an honor of the whiskey, at least for Glenfiddich (which, by the by, horrible aforementioned ex-boyfriend taught me about), seems like there should be.
she gave the draft my blessing, so any mistakes are mine—and if the vernacular is ridiculous, know that she had NOTHING to do with it.
(“Dreadful Boy”) and directed his nascent magic towards the teen. So far all it had led to was some itching and a stubbed toe, but he was hoping to do better.
“SHIT!” And Sherlock was spurting into the condom in John’s mouth, bucking so hard that John had to actively move with him to keep his mouth on him. He could feel the pulsing even through the barrier, and he wished he could swallow Sherlock’s essence; all he could taste was latex and a little watermelon sorbet.
This was why Mycroft almost never spoke to more than one Magic Person at a time. It was nearly impossible to make the logistics work out.
These were the worst cherry tomatoes he’d ever had. He looked more closely at one of the smashed ones and saw that the insides didn’t look right at all; instead of little pulpy seeds they seemed to have bigger white pips inside. They were awfully small for cherry tomatoes, too. He decided they were probably some kind of sour berry. Then he remembered his dad telling him not to eat berries in the woods without checking with him first.
Mycroft sighed. “I suppose that’s something you should ask him. He...well. It’s a long-standing problem, and it’s really not mine to tell. Just…”
Wiggins and Angela were hurrying towards them when the crowd seemed to melt away, leaving just a man and a woman, both wearing a black suit and dark sunglasses. There was a prominent gun bulge under each their jackets and communications equipment in their ears.
“Of course, Johnny,” his dad answered, giving him a questioning look. “Remember to take your plate.”
“Maybe so, honey. Maybe so.” Johnny’s mother stroked the fringe back from his forehead, feeling her throat tighten at the thought of how short childhood was.
Seriously, let me say it again: please play safe! I want all you lovely readers to live long and prosper and not have to deal with disease or have to tell potential partners about disease and, if it’s your thing, get to play with lots of other people without having to worry. As a sex worker, Sherlock knows the deal and knows how to take care of himself! Okay, end of lecture
Lightning flashed and thunder growled much more loudly than he’d ever noticed at home. Johnny’s heart was pounding. He crouched at the base of a tree, clutching his backpack to him, the tears streaming down his cheeks almost indistinguishable from the downpour. He squeezed his eyes shut and waited for what must surely be the end of him.
Please do not take any of this as instructional. I have played some as a sub but have never Dommed, have no experience with subdrop, and don’t know all that much about aftercare (and I doubt it would be a good idea to feed candy to a sub with, say, diabetes? ie know the person you are playing with and their needs and proper procedure, etc etc). I think actually playing with someone with John’s issues would require
“John, we’ve been through this. I am no longer working as a Companion; you are no longer a client. We cancelled that relationship several days back. Thank you for being sensitive, but that is not an issue. Besides, you can’t afford to try to bribe me.” Sherlock smiled broadly. It was John’s turn to huff.
John kissed Sherlock on the cheek and privately noted that Sherlock seemed genuinely distressed by the tickling; he wouldn’t try that again. He lay on his back on the carpet, catching his breath.
John looked up, eyebrows raised in a question. Sherlock took the fragrant hotel bath gel and poured a generous amount into his large hands, lathering it up. He turned John and began to knead it into John’s skin, working it into his neck and back with as much massage as the slippery soap would allow. John reached out and braced himself against the wall, groaning as the shower jets found tight muscles along his front. Sherlock dragged his hands down to John’s buttocks, pulling and kneading; then he firmly let his fingertips slide into the crease, and though John gasped, he didn’t move away, and Sherlock carefully cleaned that most private place.
That night, Johnny got his first lesson in cunnilingus, in between cumming two more times in the knowledgeable Christine’s sweet mouth.
Did the deer boy just poison him? Pan was supposed to be nice, gentle, helpful! Why would he poison Johnny?
John let the silence go for a bit. Then he shrugged mentally, never one to let an opportunity go by (the riskier, the better).
“We shouldn’t linger.” He turned his head as he replied, and Sherlock leaned in to capture his lips in a salt-tinged kiss. Arms wrapped around him as Sherlock’s tongue plunged into his mouth, and the kiss turned hungry.
“Of course, it’s usually pretty quiet down here. But if he hasn’t worked with chemicals before, shouldn’t I help him?”
“I’m sorry. I’ll take you at your word. You haven’t demonstrated any behaviors of being high or being in withdrawal while I’ve been with you.”
John smoothed his sweat-drenched hair back from his forehead. “It’s okay now, Sherlock. I’m here. You’re not having a heart attack. You’re okay.”
, which may have been a bit different back when Johnny was training (this is from 2014, he was training in 1991). In 2014, at least, anyone who joined up under the age of 17 went to Harrogate regardless of what their ultimate occupation would be in the Army.
John woke slowly. He opened his eyes to the unique view of the tips of skyscrapers peeping above a thick fog bank. He stretched, feeling a languor in his muscles, and noticed warmth along his back. Oh! He’d asked Sherlock to sleep with him. Evidently, Sherlock was still with him, in the bed. He rolled over and scooted back a bit.
A dark look crossed over Molly’s face, and she visibly struggled to control it. Then she sighed, closed her eyes, and seemed to go inside herself for a minute or two. When she opened her eyes again, she just looked sad.
Using his room key, Sherlock took them in the back entrance and guided John into an elevator. John leaned against the wall, panting, shaking, and not looking at Sherlock.
Sherlock removed the rest of his clothing and turned on the shower, adjusting it to the ideal temperature. He tweaked some settings, and he watched as John gaped at jets pouring from three walls of black tile. Clearly, John had been using the traditional single overhead nozzle.
They started tasting each other, not dipping inside. Their bodies pressed close. Sherlock held John tenderly, feeling the warmth of the person in his arms.
This time, John coated his own cock liberally, positioned it downwards so that the head was tucked into Sherlock’s crease and the shaft was snugged between his balls, and then leaned back over him, propped up on his arms.
John began to suck on Sherlock’s tongue, so, so slowly, and he moved his hands so that they were wrapped around Sherlock’s skull. He let his body drop steadily down to press, bit by bit, against Sherlock’s, until Sherlock felt surrounded by John’s skin, his breath, his hold, his scent. John was still, heavy, keeping Sherlock in place, letting him know this would proceed only as John wished.
Fawnlock nodded, once, wariness in his big blue-green eyes. Lestrade gently touched the tip of Fawnlock’s ear and gasped a bit. He stroked one fingertip along an antler prong that was smooth, strong bone. The light touch made Fawnlock twitch his head.
“No, no you succubus. We have to talk about this, and the ordinary human needs sustenance.” John climbed off as Sherlock protested. “Come, I want to go back to Mel’s.”
I think we should set up a Kickstarter to see if we could get Mr Cumberbatch to record a guided meditation for us.
“Oh! Oh, I was a bit, actually. Was thinking it’s time for a prostate check. Well, it still is, but I guess it was just a factor of not having come in so long.”
This time, though, Johnny was going on a journey. With a mission. He was going to find Pan and he was certain that he would be able to remember, unlike the silly animals in the book.
would not constitute taking advantage of him, even if he was being paid well. It didn’t sit right, someone doing things for him that he should do for himself. Things that he
“Of course not. Look at the time, got to run, lovely meeting you, give our love to your wife and to the architecture major you keep on the side--”
“Surely you know that term, as a Doctor. It means that you and I are tested and are STD-free and safe to share fluids, and that we shan’t share fluids with anyone else, that we will use strict safer sex procedures with anyone else we might have sexual—or, for that matter, non-sexual—fluid interactions with.”
“And he leans in close, we’re sittin’ in front of each other, yeah, and he holds my hand and leans over and says, real quiet-like, ‘If you want it, Fiona, you’re gonna hafta say it out loud; I’m not a mind-reader.’
splashes of warm fluid inside him, and he felt smug, satisfied, as though now he had irrevocable proof that he was John’s.
“I was a drug addict, John,” Sherlock said evenly. “Where do you think drug addicts go to be strung out and eat cheap food?”
Fiona seemed to come to a decision, and she scooted a little closer to Brandi in the bed and lowered her voice conspiratorially.
; he wanted more. He moaned against the gag. He flexed his pelvis into the air, hoping to convey his need.
John began squeezing his cock again and started flicking at his nipple—a new, startling feeling. Sherlock began to make little whimpering noises in the same rhythm as the squeezes on his cock. The pulses around his aching, turgid flesh...the flicks on his now-sore nipple...the incessant tongue-fucking of his tender mouth...all of these layers were building, and he could feel his balls draw up towards his body as his orgasm began to gather, getting closer, approaching so that he could finally—
By the way, those of us obtaining or who have somehow achieved (LIKE ME!) an MLIS (Master in Library & Information Sciences) would like you to know that there is no “librarian stereotype” and it is a dreadful, uncouth thing to perpetuate one. In fact, you are more likely to find librarians with tattoos than fussy librarians who will “Shush!” you. (However, an awful lot of us do seem to wear glasses.) So apologies to all in the profession for this ridiculous, unconscionable, and lazy use of the stereotype. (But you knew what I meant, right? *sigh*)
John closed his eyes, made a muffled sound while biting his lower lip, and ground once into the palm of his left hand. “Oh shit.”
“Not at all. The equipment here is just as good as that at Mister S, if a little more do-it-yourself, and it’s about a tenth of the price.”
John giggled, clenched, and wrenched away, nearly whacking Sherlock’s nose in the process. Sherlock smothered a sharp response, took a breath, and instead kissed John’s hip.
“I think I would like to talk a bit, if that’s okay,” he said under the heavy beat of some techno music.
After what seemed like full minutes of bliss, Sherlock pulled out carefully and took the time to watch the rush of fluids pouring back out of John. It was obscene and gratifying and one of the more fascinating things he’d witnessed. He bent to untie the knots in the ropes, and as he did it, he kissed John’s back and arse and thighs, over and over; unable to stop, feeling a compulsion to let his partner know how loved and cherished he was.
.” Sherlock deftly flipped them over, laying his full weight upon John, who laughed delightedly. “I’ll show you who’s the boss here,” Sherlock growled.
The fires that Moosecroft and Moriarty refer to are the Kuwaiti oil fires, set by retreating Iraqi troops, according to
“How about you come to clinic hours with me. I do some volunteering at a place in town, they’re a little short-staffed at the moment. Be at the base welcome sign, 0600. That too early for you?”
In minutes they were pulling onto a tiny tarmac. A very large black helicopter was sitting there with its rotors spinning.
John reached over and flicked open the button on Sherlock’s jeans, then pulled down the zip. He laid open the two sides of the flies and took a moment to admire the hard length straining the silk of Sherlock’s pants. He stroked his fingertips lightly over the bulging vein and the prominent coronal ridge, quite visible through the cloth. His mouth watered. Suddenly impatient, he jerked the trousers just under Sherlock’s arse and hooked the pants under his balls. As he reached up to snag a miniature parfait glass of melting sorbet, he saw Sherlock watching him intently.
Sherlock appeared in the doorway between their rooms, holding a large leather carryall. He strode to the bed and plopped it at the end. It was heavy enough to make John bounce a bit.
“You know I love Sherlock, darling,” Molly continued. “I’m not saying he did this with any ill will or bad intent. I think he did it because he enjoyed the scene so very much and was eager to try it again. It’s just because he is so darn inexperienced! Before you two play again, it would be good if you could talk to some people who are in the scene, who have a lot more experience than you. It would be good if you could read some books yourself, maybe attend a few demos, start to think about what you might like. It’s good that Sherlock’s scene worked for you, but maybe that’s not all that you’d like, or maybe you wouldn’t want that every time. Maybe you’d like to be the Dom once in a while! You are both so very, very new to this, and I’m so, so happy that your first experience was a positive one, but I think it’s time to put on the brakes and take things more slowly and naturally now.”
am. Could we just table it until tomorrow and pretend for now that everything is pleasant and fine?”
John found himself naked in bed, engulfed in Sherlock. They were rubbing against each other frantically, pawing and pulling and grabbing and then rolling and moaning until there was a yelp when Sherlock’s hair got caught—“Sorry, sorry!”—and as they shifted to fix that, one of John’s bollocks was a little pinched—“Aaaah!” “Oh gods, are you hurt?” “Yeah, a bit…” “Here, let me kiss it better”—and then Sherlock’s head was between John’s legs, arms wrapped around his thighs, licking the skin of each of John’s testicles so gently and carefully that John let his knees fall open and whined at how quickly his cock lifted to full hardness.
Fawnlock wasn’t sure what that meant, but it didn’t seem right. He picked up the book and pointed vigorously at the displayed leaves.
In fact, as hard as Johnny looked, he could only see forest in any direction. He listened and heard only sounds of the woods: no cars, no lawnmowers, no one talking. After a few minutes he realized he didn’t even hear planes flying overhead. He shivered and the hair on the back of his neck rose as a cloud passed over the sun, and suddenly the forest seemed really quite close and dark. He set down his pack and dug in it for the compass, rallying a bit as he saw the bright colors on the front of his Silver Surfer comic book and remembered that this was just a walk, that people existed and were likely close by, and that the world hadn’t suddenly shifted.
Sherlock’s hands were light over John’s, guiding him. He had to consciously move them away once John grasped a piece of sweet and sour gluten. The morsel almost made it all the way to John’s mouth before it dropped in his lap.
“John, it’s so good to see you! Where’s Sherlock? Er—I mean, it’s lovely to see you just for yourself! You don’t have to have Sherlock with you for me to be happy to see you. I just—I didn’t expect one of you without the other. But come in! Have you been to The Stud before? I bet you haven’t! Doing a little gay touristing? It’s a good place to come, it’s where everyone comes! But I don’t mean ‘come’, ew, that’s probably gross, though maybe true too, I don’t know, I don’t go in the men’s bathrooms, hahaha!”
“John! Stop that! You’re going to make me swerve!” And swerve Sherlock did, though John was fairly certain it was on purpose. He plopped back into his own seat.
Ever since he started watching humans, he’d been solving the silly transgressions they got up to. In the past year, he’d solved several mysteries: he’d figured out who killed the man whose body was found in a lake; he’d found the boy whose disappearance in the forest led to so many loud people tramping through the eastern part of the woods (he’d put the poor child’s body someplace obvious to be found); and he’d prevented the murder of two women in a tent (who moaned far more than seemed necessary) when he threw a tree branch on a man in green and brown artificial fur and knocked him out, then encouraged some hogs to find the campsite—the resulting tumult as the hogs delighted in some unexpected food led the women to find the man outside and remove themselves from the area.
“You’ve never been frightened a day in your life, and you certainly don’t care about me. You just want to look good before the other
Sherlock leapt up, strode to the door, and flipped on the overhead lights. Abruptly, John stopped moving, blinking awake, panting heavily.
? It was all terribly illogical and utterly strange, and yet he didn’t want it to ever end. He didn’t want to ever stop touching John. He wanted to keep John within his arm’s length and his eyes’ sight for the rest of time, and while part of his brain knew that this was absolutely out of character for him, it simply felt reasonable and right. The thought of being parted from John was painful in the extreme, and he resolved to make certain that it did not happen.
“Now, try to breathe more slowly. Look at me, Sherlock. Look. You are okay. You are safe. Molly and I are here; nothing is going to happen to you. Molly, close and lock the door, please. Come sit down here on the floor with us. See Molly, darling? We’re both here. Molly, take his hand.”
“No cuts. Don’t worry, I was fully cognizant of what I was doing. You did not take advantage of me.” Sherlock grinned, rolled over, and hopped out of bed, striding into the loo. John heard the water running. He flopped onto his back and sighed, rubbing his face. What was he thinking?
“Of course you do. You have a spare bedroom that you intended to remodel into an office but never completed due to your extensive hours at the library and your propensity for watching sport on the ‘tellie’ in your little free time.”
Now Johnny’s hands were moving at Dreadful Boy’s crotch, peeling open the artificial fur to reveal a deformed
Sherlock gave John a very unimpressed glare. It really seemed that they were going down the “save the prostitute” path again.
He scrambled for the lube and spilled it all over his hand, getting a generous pool on the bed. He slowly slid one finger into John, who moaned and babbled a little incoherently, and he met no resistance. He tried a second finger—and John immediately clenched around him and yelped in pain.
John was different; that was for certain. Educated, highly ethical, and handsome in an unexpected way that John himself clearly did not realize. All of Sherlock’s other clients had been good-looking, or at least had been very sure that they were, even if all evidence was otherwise.
“Oh, I think I begin to see your plan.” Sherlock stripped off his shirt and arranged himself comfortably back on the pillows; he stretched out long, wiggling his toes. John clambered up and set the sorbets on the table on his side.
“Now, listen here. You can take this book with you to practice on this week, but it’s checked out to me, mind, so you bring it back here next Saturday in just the condition it is now. Understand?”
Sherlock could see that John rolled his eyes behind his closed eyelids. Well. He certainly remembered being far more resistant at the beginning than this.
His mother’s relationship with him was a balm for her in the stormy seas of dealing with Harry. When Harry was home--which was less and less often as the years went by--the house was filled with yelling and tears, a constant battle to try to hold back a young woman intent on doing everything she could to shock her parents. Johnny hated Harry. Of course he loved her, because she was his sister and he had to. But he hated how mean she was, how self-centered, how she made their mother cry and made their father so angry that one night he punched a hole in the kitchen wall.
Sherlock moved on to the food aisle, seeing as John was in a useless strop, and picked up a case of bottled water.
is reasonably accurate. As Fawnlock’s body is part deer, I’ve decided that he has a very deer-like penis. In my ‘verse it stays mostly retracted behind a patch of fur until he is ready to rut.
“I...I’m not sure, exactly. It’s just so beautiful, and it’s so interesting! So many fascinating people, and the whole idea of that building being the only place left for burials in the city, and the travesty of digging all those bodies up in the 1920s to make room for lucrative real estate—”
“John.” Sherlock stroked slowly up one of John’s arches with his thumb. “Why are you so averse to sex?”
“Eucalyptus. An imported, invasive species; grows all around the Bay Area but is particularly pungent, for some reason, in the Presidio.”
Sherlock was texting rapidly. A few moments later, the doors opened. John raised an eyebrow but got in without comment. They reached the ground floor more quickly than the guest elevators ever moved. Sherlock pushed out the second door as soon as the elevator opened, and they emerged into a swirl of people making their way to the exits.
“Sorry about that. It’s good practice to always get to the doorway so that when the big one hits, you’re in the right place.”
Instead, he carefully guided John, who was now in some comfortable boxers, to sit on the sofa. He sat next to him and picked up a box and a fork.
Sherlock shot a worried look his way, but they both kept trotting downwards, keeping pace with the others.
“Be that as it may. I’m not going to go running around trying to lose them. In fact, I think it’s high time you explain exactly what we’re trying to accomplish here. We seem to have left the snipers behind; why don’t we just stop for the night here, in--” John checked the road sign he was driving past. “--Santa Rosa.”
The tub filled and Sherlock shut off the taps. He stepped out and shrugged off his ruined shoes, stripped off his shirt, and climbed back in, sitting on the edge of the tub.
They had decided to walk back to the hotel, preferring to stretch their legs.  When they got back to the room, Sherlock poured John a glass of ice water.
“So I got here, and I was a bit of a mess. Lots more than coke in my system. Not by choice. Not quite sure how I ended up in the city after my brother got me to the airport. I was in this Denny’s, actually.” Sherlock coughed. “Wasn’t exactly at my best. And Molly…awkward, earnest, bashful little Molly...sat down next to me, bought me a meal and forced me to eat it, and dragged me over to the Zen Center. They gave me a bath and a place to sleep. Next day I was back on the street, shagging for drugs, but I never forgot where the Center was.”
“What happened, Sherlock? What set this off?” He knew this might trigger Sherlock again, but he and Molly were there to watch over him, and he needed to know.
Sherlock had been truly frightened that the video feed would be the last straw for John. While he had known he was going to have to get Mycroft involved if he wanted to follow John back to London, he had had no idea things would become so snarled and so dangerous so quickly. Mycroft’s ill-timed, presumptive call to John, that morning outside the hotel, when he revealed to John his usual patronizing list of suffocating solutions, had been worrying enough. But knowing John’s psychological issues, especially concerning his sexuality, and having honestly forgotten that Mycroft would be spying on them (the sick pervert)—he thought at that point he had lost John, that John would throw up his hands and have done with the both of the strange, and in Mycroft’s case, eerie, brothers.
“But he didn’t attach it to anything. It was...it was comforting, to feel it in my mouth...it meant I didn’t have to say anything...but I
John grinned and began moving again, this time pushing gradually but inexorably all the way until he was buried up to the last knuckle. Sherlock sighed in relief.
” Before John could move off the bed, Sherlock had knocked the gun from the one agent’s hand and had despatched her to the floor; he had extracted Maureen from the clutch of the other agent, who was now bent in two and gasping for breath. He hustled Maureen into their room, where John wrapped an arm around her shoulders and led her to the sofa. Sherlock stepped back into the hallway.
Fawnlock coughed and choked on the water and shook his head violently. Rain flew from his growing antlers and spattered Moosecroft in the face.
He wasn’t sure what he had expected, but it hadn’t been for her to actually blow on it. Shit, is that what a blow job actually was? Blowing? That didn’t sound all that—
“One will be your base. Hold it against your finger like this, and don’t move it. Now this one will be your manipulator; grasp it between your forefinger and thumb and use it to pinch.”
John made some inarticulate sounds and rutted faintly against the pillow, unable to gain much traction now that he was bound to the bed.
: I have been unable to find out, just from web searching, if this newspaper was around in the 1980s. If I get an answer from a local Hampshire library, I’ll update this with a proper newspaper name.
Sherlock carefully pulled his finger from John and wiped it on the sheet. “My sincere apologies, darling. Won’t be a minute,” he said, and gave John a tender kiss. Then he stalked over to the door and opened it, absolutely naked, with a proud and jutting hard-on. John pulled up the sheet and tried not to laugh out loud as he watched the agent (who, indeed, was a different one) try not to react.
“Let’s see, I was wounded thirteen months ago...hadn’t gotten any for a few weeks before that, so, probably fourteen months?”
“—is this whole ‘swooping in and taking over’ thing. I mean, it’s great that he’s trying to keep the bad guys away—”
Sherlock found himself being pushed back into the car almost as roughly as he’d been pulled out of it.
Moosecroft grabbed his arm and dragged him away. His grip was hard enough to leave bruises that would last for two weeks, visible even beneath his fine fur. Fawnlock was furious; he’d never had the chance to observe a forest fire.
He listened to the rain, feeling warmer and somewhat comforted by the cuddling. The lightning came at longer intervals, and the thunder sounded further away. The pounding drops slowed to a gentler patter. Johnny shifted back to get more comfortable against his living pillow, and the deer boy snuggled his arms tighter around Johnny, sighed, and began whuffing lightly again. Johnny felt his eyes getting heavy. He thought he probably should keep watch--for what, he wasn’t sure--but he blinked...and suddenly the sun was shining into the cave, heralding a hot new summer day.
“That is not what I was going to ask, and I think you know that.” John set to tickling Sherlock’s waist, which Sherlock was not expecting, which led to a lot of yelping and scolding, completely ruining the bedclothes. At one point, John was pursuing Sherlock so vigorously, and Sherlock was so assiduously retreating from invading tickly fingers, that they both ended up panting on the floor.
“I have to go, Johnny. See you in school.” Dreadful Boy opened Johnny’s door and disappeared. Johnny held his own artificial fur together with one hand and stumbled to shut the door; then he sat down in his chair, artificial fur gaping, and gazed off into space. Fawnlock quickly ducked below the window.
“Must. Get. Up.” When weak clawlike poking didn’t work, he scooted down in the bed, spooned Sherlock, and started grinding up against him. Now Sherlock’s groans of protest turned to soft moans of approval.
is insisting that I need to feel you inside me, around me, skin to skin, nothing in the way; just you, and me, and the essence of our passion for each other. I want to share fluids with you, Sherlock. I want to get messy and not worry about it. I want to join our fates with cum and spit and blood.”
grandparents’ stories of creatures that were half-man, half-deer in New Forest. They were part of the colourful panoply of New Forest history, a more lighthearted mythology than the reality of some of the gruesome hunts with hounds by the original landowners.
Sherlock slipped out of a very extended meditative state and looked down at John, who was breathing quietly and evenly in blessedly untroubled sleep.
“Oh, I know. See you then, Johnny.” Christine gave him a rather alarming leer and headed back to the school.
“Not this human business again! I thought you’d learned! Humans are a blight on this earth; they bring nothing but pain and suffering.
The forest started to thin out, and then as the sun reluctantly set and the light grew dimmer, Johnny glimpsed his home through the trees.
“It bothers me that your brother said it before we discussed it.” John deepened the kiss for a moment before switching back to tiny sucks.
Sherlock scoffed softly. “Ambient drone. I abhor so-called ‘new age’-style music. Drone sounds are conducive to meditation, daydreaming, and in achieving an increased theta state in the frontal lobe. The artist is Robert Rich, in case you were wondering.”
“There was nothing simple about it, John, but yes, anyone with a strong mind could do it. With the right motivation and a little mental elbow grease, there’s nothing to it.”
Sherlock got out of the car and pulled John to the side of the car park, past the bright lights. “No one can see us over here.”
“Right. Turn and give me your feet.” He squatted on the pavement and dragged a foot into his lap. The tall outdoor fluorescent lights made everything look black and yellow, but he could see that indeed, Sherlock had cut up his sole enough to be troubling.
“That’s it, really get to know them. Here, do both.” She put his other hand against her neglected tit and, overcome with gratitude, he leaned in to kiss her. They scootched closer together, and he began squeezing both breasts harder.
John stared after him. A massage? A “recreational, non-sexual” massage? He’d heard people did this sort of thing, but he couldn’t imagine how it would be remotely enjoyable. He could refuse; ask Sherlock to do something less intimidating, less invasive. Like what, though? What else could a sex worker do for him that would be considered pampering? With a sigh, he pulled his t-shirt over his head, his nose wrinkling as he caught the embedded smell of fried grease from the restaurant. He stood. His fingers hovered over the button on his jeans.
It took only three more strokes until John was sobbing: “I’m coming, Sherlock, I’m coming, oh fucking god I’m coming I’m coming I’m coming…”
“Oh. Oh! Here, let me.” Sherlock activated the boring, overhead shower fixture. “Close your eyes and tilt your head back.” He pulled it out of the wall and angled it to spray the bubbles back from John’s face; then, shielding John’s eyes with his hand, he continued to rinse John’s hair until the water ran soap-free.
“Crawl, Sherlock. Go that way.” John pointed ahead of them, towards some thick concrete-wrapped planters. More barely audible
“Service elevator,” Sherlock said tersely, and he pushed John ahead of him at a jog. He stopped at an unlabeled door, which he opened with a staff keycard. Inside was a tiny vestibule between the hallway door and the elevator. He pushed the button, but it didn’t light up.
“Usually they are fucking me, or I am blowing them, multiple times a day. On the rare occasion of a woman client, sometimes I am fucking
cuisine. A reasonable minority taste it as something unpleasant, so I thought I should check. What does it taste like to you?”
“What next?” asked John, stuffing his jeans pocket with a handful of vintage candy that he’d purchased as they settled the bill at the counter.
had anything to do with—I will not listen to this! You did not—I worked that out by myself! You had no hand in—Mycroft, you insufferable bastard, you know you do not give two fucks about me, stop pretending you do, I won’t listen to any more of this!”
“Please, Sherlock, now, I need you, look how still I am, I’m holding still, I want you, I want to feel you, uh,
This is a work of fiction. I do not believe that the people killed in the 1991 earthquake in Arbil, Iraq, deserved it; it was a tragedy unrelated to any actions on the part of any humans.
John slipped quarter after quarter into the jukebox as Sherlock picked at a field greens salad and tried not to wince as each overplayed golden oldie blared over the loudspeakers. Every time John looked up at him, he schooled his features to his usual pleasant façade. John didn’t seem to notice; Sherlock was glad, as the relaxed contentment with the food and the ambiance was clearly novel to this broken ex-soldier. He congratulated himself on providing first-rate service to this new client, as per usual.
“I’m going to cum!” he cried. She continued to suck, and his muscles tensed as he began to pulse into her mouth. He threw his arm over his mouth and bit down to muffle his yelling.
and one or two other languages, such as the language of the birds, or perhaps the language of snakes. Fawnlock knew
“Yes, yes! Exactly! You can take that with you, since you proved you can be trusted to bring things back. What do you say, shall we meet again next Saturday at the tea shop?”
John took the hand extended and shook it, noting how it was rather larger than his and seemed to envelope his own in warmth. He looked up into blue-green eyes and blinked.
The deer boy completely ignored Johnny and sat down, pulling Johnny down with him by the imprisoned wrist, and began to fumble at the backpack one-handed. Johnny marvelled that his hands seemed to be just the same as Johnny’s hands...four fingers and a thumb, no fur. Just normal hands.
for beta'ing. She improves the writing greatly. All remaining mistakes are in spite of her best efforts.
“Now for the best part. Again, I need you to stay relaxed and remember that as I’m working, I’m not looking at your face as ‘John’s face’ but instead as a collection of muscles and skin, so don’t think about how you must look to me.”
Sherlock pulled out another cuff, identical to the first two, and crawled around to get at John’s ankle. This resulted in a lovely view of his leather-covered arse, and John groaned. Sherlock chuckled and wriggled himself in a way that managed not to be silly. John reached his fist up to bite on it and was mildly surprised and pleased to see that he had the mobility to do just that.
But beyond that, Sherlock was overwhelmed with the experience of giving so much obvious pleasure to someone that he cared about—okay, that he loved. Hearing and feeling John come apart was making it very difficult to mentally record what was happening for later analysis and storage. Though most of his body was lying untouched on the bed, the feeling of John all around his face was so affecting, and the sounds—mewling and whimpering and begging—were so satisfying that he felt utterly surrounded by John; he could think of nothing other than continuing to give him pleasure and keep him on the edge of orgasm for as long as he possibly could. Nothing else mattered, in a way he wasn’t even able to achieve during meditation—and of course, he would not realize that for a few days, because he simply
” He turned his head to look at John, an expression of desperation and betrayal on his features. He found John smiling innocently back at him.
, who read this chapter and gives ongoing support, encouragement, and ideas for this story, and thanks to R, who not only listened to a mumbled read-aloud version of this story whilst he was trying to work but also helped me solve a major plot point for upcoming chapters.
The exodus continued at a good clip until they hit the 11th floor, where the accumulation of people from the top floors came to a critical mass, and they were forced to slow as everyone shuffled down.
“Oh shit. ‘Do your job.’ Christ, Sherlock. I’m so fucking sorry. That was meant to be sort of funny; you were getting all high and mighty about caffeine intake. I guess I got a little pissy. Sherlock. Sherlock! Look at me.”
“Because sometimes longing is too painful...as Mr Grahame said, the little animals needed to go back to their lives and be happy.”
It’s good that you’re being nice to this Stamford boy. You always have had a good heart. You’re making us so proud, you know. I wish you could’ve gone to university like you wanted; I’ll always regret that we couldn’t give you that.
Eventually, though, they shifted so that they were on their sides, and between them, they pulled up the covers again, before they fell all the way asleep: limbs tangled together, Sherlock’s face tucked into John’s neck.
“I need you to sit up, John. NOW. Come on.” He manhandled John into a sitting position and handed him the water.
Well, shit. Sherlock had known this was coming; he’d just hoped it would be in a somewhat more neutral setting.
“Sure, most of us in San Francisco and the Bay Area are pretty aware of BDSM, if not actual participants in it. I take it this was new to you?”
Sherlock didn’t bother to explain that this was a brand only available in Goa and that he was the only person outside India who was able to obtain these bottles, thanks to some very specific connections. He also didn’t explain that he had carefully considered the strain John had been through that afternoon and decided that the low alcohol content, combined with the water he planned to convince John to drink, should be tolerable for John’s system.
“They have everything-delivery in San Francisco, but I would recommend something from our premier restaurant, Ame. Do you trust me to order for you?”
“Hm, I’m not sure why that should be a foregone conclusion, but allow me to suggest this beginner’s model here.” Sherlock picked up a red silicone toy called the “Sidekick”, according to the sign affixed to its shelf. He handed it to John, who fumbled and almost dropped it.
“Excuse me, I’m going to have to ask you to get dressed and show me some identification. You too, ma’am.”
“Maureen, is it?” John had pulled on some jeans and a t-shirt before he sat down next to Maureen, who had been watching all these goings-on as best she could, from the sofa, with some interest.
Sherlock made an appreciative noise, which was mostly cut off by the thick member in his throat; he pinched the nipple and
, Johnny noticed, a small but unmistakable organ under a coating of thicker fur that made it clear that this was a boy of some sort. A boy of the wild. A
Fawnlock continued sitting at the edge of the glade long after Moosecroft took his leave, staring at the tent, telling himself he didn’t care.
Fawnlock didn’t understand all the words, but he had picked up a lot of human-speak over the past seven years. At first he tried observing Johnny and the human who was clearly his father when they spent time at various places in the forest. But Fawnlock had been frustrated; they barely talked at all. From those interactions, he had learned “fish”, “fire”, “tent”, “water”, but not much else.
“No, John, no! Don’t call him! He hates me! He’ll probably have me killed himself to save Mor—to save
“Yeah, hey, who are you and what are you doing?” Johnny forgot for a moment about the horrible storm and being lost as he stared at the being in front of him. Its antlers weren’t nearly as huge as they had seemed when he saw them in that first flash of lightning. It wasn’t even as tall as Johnny, though it was certainly stronger; he was going to have bruises from that grip. It had dark curls of hair all around its antler bases, and it seemed to have very short fur on a lot of its body, and the fur had unusual brown markings the likes of which Johnny had never seen.
Sherlock sighed. “I suppose that is reasonable. But what is absolutely unconscionable is that you have not, by now, vetted and memorized all of the hotel employees; in addition, it is very interesting that someone you have
As soon as Fawnlock was old enough, he left the house as often as possible. Exploring the forest had led to his meeting Johnny Watson as a child and to subsequently finding and observing other humans. He quickly learned to keep his human observations clandestine, as otherwise, he would have to endure long lectures from Moosecroft.
“Okay.” Still too many language gaps, obviously. “I picked out another book, hoping you’d come back! It’s a step up from the children’s books. It’s appropriate for young adults like yourself. It’s called ‘The Wind in the Door,’ and it has an audio track as well. Shall I put the tape in for you?”
“Every day like clockwork, that girl is. You sure you want to go down there? Gets pretty grotty, y’know.”
Soon John found himself in a tiny tea house, sipping a bitter herbal creation at a low table. The saving grace was that the noise level was much more normal in this venue. Hip hop music was playing incongruously over the racket of chattering hipsters in the delicately appointed room.
The creature startled and stepped back a bit at the words before leaning over and sniffing Johnny’s neck, then his armpits.
; as usual I messed around with the chapter after she cleaned it up, so any mistakes you find are, of course, my own. Thanks also to my writing partner
Warnings for shame about masturbation, discussion of teenage sexuality (13-18 years old), paternal violence against an inanimate object, mention of unjustly sending a girl home for wearing a short skirt, incestuous thoughts.
“I noticed. Thanks for that, by the way. It’s been nice. For some reason, being touched by you isn’t abhorrent.”
When he went to start at the base again, he was amused to find John’s hands replacing his, pulling himself as wide open as he could.
“Perhaps later. Right now I was more hoping for some eggs and bacon, from a fork on a plate by my own hand, thank you.”
, he was the game master! He watched the droplet take its time, imagining it checking its hair in the mirror, touching up its lipstick, trying on a different pair of earrings. And then reaching for the cold cream and announcing that that eye colour was all wrong...He was certain that the droplet went back
. You would get to feel something against your tongue, have the illusion of not having to talk, with the absolute freedom to let it fall out and say “no” or “stop” or shout at me at any moment during the proceedings.”
“Thank you for the advice, ma’am. I’ll see you in three years.” He saluted and picked up his tray to drop it at the wash station.
important to me. I won’t compromise your safety, not even for a possibility. We should talk about other places we could go. As far as I understand it, the whole of England outside of London is a possibility. As is the rest of the world. We should think big, Sherlock.”
Sherlock pulled at his hair, the pain grounding him. He was about to go back to John’s room when something made him stop. He stared out the window, waiting for his brain to process the anomaly that he’d seen but couldn’t consciously explain. After a few minutes, the car came around again, and there--he saw what was off. A homeless person was slumped against the building across the street, in the shadows, looking like nothing more than a bundle of clothing, with a very realistic shopping cart full of garbage bags. But Sherlock could see the faintest movement as the head under the blankets tracked the black car.
. And those are just the mistakes we know of. We’ve been rather busy and sequestered; who knows what kind of fuck-ups have been going on outside. I assure you Mycroft knows. And I haven’t seen him this angry in a long, long time.”
“Thanks, no, we’re fine for now, thanks very much,” Greg said quickly, so she shrugged slightly and left them.
Sherlock, whose tongue was still a bit chilled from the water, managed to wriggle a good half-inch into John’s hot hole. He licked inside the tight muscle, mesmerized by the feeling.
“Quit complaining and give me your hands.” Sherlock took John’s hands and held them in his; his palms were open, cradling the backs of John’s hands, resting on John’s knees. John sighed heavily.
The artbus: I’ve seen raggedy buses at Ocean Beach, with and without wild paint, and I’ve seen art cars similar to this:
. I was watching him the whole time, there were no illicit blow jobs, not even any hand jobs. I mean, he
“Here, try a Kings.” Sherlock decided that pouring the drink into John’s mouth would be going too far. This was all a bit more complicated, more emotionally strange than he had expected. John took the beer and gulped down a healthy swig, then another.
“Well then.” Sherlock smiled, and John took a deep breath, and then he grasped Sherlock’s hand. He awkwardly march-stepped out of his pants as he moved to the bed. Once they were settled back on the fitted sheet, Sherlock kicked the comforter and top sheet out of the way.
“That’ll be all, thank you, do call the police,” Sherlock ordered quickly as the doors shut. John’s knees gave out and he collapsed onto the elevator carpet.
of his boxers by now, and he wrapped his hand all the way around John’s silky-smooth erection and began to stroke.
They reached the far stairwell just as a gunshot fired. In the madness of the crowd, no one had remembered there was a second stairwell. John felt guilty leaving a scene in which he could have undoubtedly been of assistance, but Sherlock pushed open the door and dragged him through on his knees, and then they were in the stairwell.
“Respectfully, yes we did. Sherlock has hinted at the circumstances in which he had to...leave...London. In fact, those...circumstances...seem to be why he has not been able to come up with a plan for his safe return, and also why he has asked that I be the one to talk to you, even though we do not know each other. When he started thinking about what transpired, he was thrown into a panic attack.”
“That was about a five point three, maybe three seconds. Hang on, I need to log onto u-s-g-s dot gov.”
It was her first sleepover at Fiona’s house. She’d brought her sleeping bag, but Fiona had suggested she might be more comfortable in Fiona’s double bed. And she was; it was just that Fiona’s pillow was too puffy. But it smelled like Fiona’s shampoo, so that was a bit nice.
has depthless resources. Or he’s been tapping mine since I got here and hasn’t seen fit to do anything with it until I spoke of going back.”
John peered into the well-lit, strangely underpopulated room that smelled, unsurprisingly, of stale beer. What was with all the seedy joints in San Francisco being well-lit?
John was horrified to find his eyes tearing up, and he swiped at them with his knuckles in frustration.
Sherlock sat back on the bed and suppressed a smile. He’d never had a client who was so sex-negative. Come to think of it, he’d never had a client like John, full-stop.
“My brother, and he was correct. It’s the cornerstone of my approach to life. And you are muddying it, John.”
He felt the lines covering his arms. It was very satisfying; it was like the top layer of his skin was being removed so that he could feel the air more thoroughly. Then the lines were being drawn across his chest. He groaned, and he heard how it was muffled through the gag, which excited him. He sucked against the cock shape in his mouth. That was so satisfying, feeling a cock in his mouth, though it wasn’t as good as actual flesh. He pressed up into Sherlock’s hands, which resulted in more lines all over his chest and belly.
(Fawnlock was the only one who still called Moosecroft by the mangled name he’d given his brother as a child. “Your ears are huge! They look like those of a moose!” he’d exclaimed as soon as he could speak in full sentences.)
generous.” Sherlock smiled widely again, and Tom grinned in agreement, lifted his cap, and pulled the cart back out the door.
By now, Sherlock’s eyes were wide. He was staring at John as though he’d never seen him before, as though he’d never seen anything
“God, I thought only prostitutes did that,” John whimpered. Sherlock raised his eyebrows and gave him a sharp look.
Fed up, the deer boy grabbed Johnny’s hand and began to pull him in the direction that the needle was pointing.
For years he had lived away from the treehouse now, bedding down in grassy hollows or fallen trees when he absolutely had to sleep. (Sleep was tedious in the extreme).
Sherlock. As a doctor, it seemed he had some ideas of intimate places that needed washing that even Sherlock hadn’t known about. He had Sherlock bending and twisting and lifting his legs and moving his arms this way and that. It wasn’t unpleasant, but it was a bit weird, and before long he had Sherlock laughing.
“Says it’s ‘Ghosts’ or ‘Japan’ or something. That’s a nice pick-me-up for a dark and dangerous night.”
John swiped at his eyes with the back of his hand. Mark put the shots down in front of him and, disregarding the honor of the whiskey, John threw one back without tasting it.
John put his head down on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock could feel his t-shirt getting wet, but John made no sound.
John had had quite enough, and Captain John Watson had come to the fore. He’d felt a deep need to put his body between Sherlock and the rest of the world—much as he had on the street—and also to prove to the world, and to Sherlock, that Sherlock now belonged to
“They really don’t. Customers stay here for hours. They prefer if you buy something new every once in a while, but it’s not a requirement. It’s what Denny’s is known for; it’s why they’re open 24 hours. You can always go hang out at Denny’s.”
He cuddled John a little more and looked down to find that John had fallen asleep. Probably best, given his intense ordeal. Sherlock bent down and kissed John gently on the forehead.
“I think you’ll find I was being the adult. Children who refuse to eat must be tempted. It really isn’t good for you to fast this way, and I suspect you have been doing it for quite a long time.”
When he found John’s entrance—now no longer a tight pucker but a loose, welcoming hollow—he pressed into it, and as his flared cockhead breached the ring of muscle, both of them groaned.
“Ah ha!” He held up a small white device. “Tunes!” He fiddled with a cable and managed to plug it in. “Let’s see what Angela listens to.”
“California’s redwoods, John. Some of these trees are over a thousand years old and over 300 feet tall. These trees were mature when the Magna Carta was signed. They will be here long after we are gone.”
Sherlock glared at him through narrowed eyes. Clearly he could see that this was going to become uncomfortable quickly.
“No John, the real practice is much more subtle, much more elegant than that parody of power exchange that they show on television and in movies. True BDSM, when done properly, can reach into your psyche and your soul and uncover hidden mysteries and previously unknown wells of power. It can be astonishing and wonderful and transporting.”
“I’ll let them know. Will you need help leaving, with all this going on?” She waved at the hallway beyond the closed door.
He turned around and grinned at John with a kind of glee John hadn’t seen before. John swallowed. Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad.
“Press this button, and it starts. Here, you try.” The book man took Sherlock’s hand and pushed his fingertip against a piece of the box. It clicked, and the voice began again. Ah, somehow that was controlling the voice. The box did some sort of magic that made someone talk. The book man pushed his finger against a different piece of the box, and the voice stopped.
“I’m so sorry,” his mother said, putting her hand over Johnny’s on the table and swallowing back a sob. “We wanted better for you.”
John felt a gorgeous pain blossom on one of his nipples. At first it was just pain, and then it was incredible pleasure. It felt like his brain was all confused and cross-wired. He wanted more. He tried to say so around the gag.
Sherlock allowed himself to bump his forehead in dismay on John’s hip, just once. Then he sat up and thought for a moment.
“Yes, the first night you were here, you were awakened by a nightmare. You were quite loud before you woke up; it was very easy to understand what you were saying.” Sherlock looked up from the map, his face relaxed and open. He began to frown when he saw that John’s jaw was clenched and his hands were in fists. He set down the tablet.
He felt the flat of her tongue move from his balls to his tip, and he whimpered. He looked down and saw she was grinning up at him.
He let out a whimper as the tip of John’s tongue circled around his furl. Then broad strokes were being applied across his entrance, and he looked down to see a pulse of pre-cum ooze out of his still-leather-bound cock. And then John was pushing in, just a little, and Sherlock wailed. It was too intimate, he couldn’t process it, he needed to come so very badly…
Johnny was always drawn to the woods, and after losing his way that fateful night, his dad taught him serious woodscraft--how to find edible plants, how to build a structure from downed branches, how to navigate, with or without a compass. Johnny and his dad began camping every weekend, sometimes just a few meters from the house, sometimes driving to the coast, just to be outdoors and in the quiet of nature.
“Oh, I haven’t seen one of those in ages! My Da used to take me to a pub that had these.” He immediately began flipping through the song selections.
One day, as he sat on the closed toilet lid frantically pulling one out, he heard the locked door handle begin to rattle. As he watched in horror, the knob turned, and suddenly Harry was letting herself in, a mangled paper clip dangling from her fingertips.
He watched as the bus rumbled down the middle of the lot and then stopped with a screech. Smoke poured out of the hood.
The deer boy discovered the leaves of pages and began turning them, exclaiming as each page showed a different set of drawings.
“Charming as always, Sergeant Donovan,” he responded, but Greg was grinning at her. Fawnlock wondered what was hanging and why Greg didn’t report its state to her.
“Yes. It contracts about 60-70 times a minute, pushing blood to the lungs and, once it’s oxygenated, to the rest of the body through the arteries. The blood returns to the heart through the veins.” She pointed out an artery and a vein as she spoke.
“So I go in and I say ‘Hey, Johnny.’ And he goes ‘Hey, Fiona. Can I do summat for you?’ ...like he already knows what I’m there for, right? And I’m kinda insulted, ‘cause what am I, some kinda slag? And he takes m’ hand and says ‘Have a seat,’ all gentleman-like, like we’re at a nice restaurant or summat and not in his old camp tent. So I decide to stay.”
John twisted around again to stare at him. Sherlock was stunned by how wrecked John looked now. A red flush had crept up his chest and neck and painted his cheeks; his lips looked swollen from where he had been biting them. His eyes were wide and dark; his expression was dazed.
Sherlock woke with a start. He observed that he was covered in sour sweat; the tailings of a nightmare were still in his mind, fast dissolving. Something to do with Moriarty getting his hands on John. He noted the general topic of the dream and allowed it to slip away; no insights to be gained there.
“I’ve never met anyone like you, John. I need some time to understand you. I do not think I can do it within the confines of this week.”
John let out a deep sigh. “No, I don’t, really. She’s not my favorite person. She’s a mean drunk, just like Daddy. And she took it out on me, and she took it out on Clara, and then she took it out on little Raina, and that’s when I stopped talking to her. I know it’s the cycle, and I know she’s trying to break it, but you just don’t...you don’t…” John took in a shaky breath.
Sherlock moved around the end of the table, brushing his hands over every inch of John’s right leg but not pushing, not grabbing. He moved up to lift John’s right arm onto the table and stroked it completely; finally, he stood at the head of the table and slowly moved both hands on John’s neck and up over his hair, covering the skull and holding his hands against John’s head for a minute. It was oddly intimate.
human had left him. Johnny was the entire reason he wanted to know anything about the humans in the first place. When he vanished, Fawnlock saw no reason to continue his study.
“I think so? I don’t remember a lot of it...but I remember feeling really nice, kind of, above my body? And...well...this is really embarrassing. But Molly...I felt
Sherlock went into his room, which was dimly illuminated by the lights of the city through the fog. The cameras were still active in here, so he thrust two fingers up at the nearest spycam, hoping Mycroft would see it. The curtains were open. Sherlock stood in the window, unconcerned about snipers, and verified that two,no three,--no, three guards were positioned at windows in the building across (well-hidden unless one knew where to look). He also spotted several agents posing as casual pedestrians in the street. He knew that they would be invisible to 99% of the population. He estimated that Moriarty’s people would spot two-thirds of them. Not too bad.
He knew he should be able to figure this out. He was smarter than all but three other people on the planet. It was just that Moriarty...he sort of...whenever he thought about him…
“Okay, that’s more than enough sentiment for one morning. I would like you to give this to Susan; do not say whom it is from. Have a blessed life, Molly Hooper.” Sherlock handed Molly an envelope, stood gracefully, and headed for the door. John scrambled to catch up.
“John! Earthquake. Get in the doorway.” Sherlock grabbed his hand and yanked him off the bed. John almost tripped over his feet as Sherlock dragged him into the doorway of the loo, positioning him with his back to one of the jambs as Sherlock wedged himself against the other. The shaking continued for what seemed like full minutes to John. The entire hotel was shifting back and forth like an unsteady skater on melting ice. John clutched hard at Sherlock’s forearms and wished he had clothes on. If he was going to die, he really didn’t want to die naked.
John stretched his arms high above his head and rotated his shoulders. Sherlock ran a finger between each of John’s toes.
Johnny knew how to be prepared. His family had gone on a few camping trips, though they hadn’t done for a while now that Harry was such a prat. He had packed two jam sandwiches, an apple, a little bottle of juice and a bag of crisps into his backpack. He added the bird watching binoculars his gram had gotten him for his birthday and his recorder from school. He figured if he played the recorder, it might lure a pipe player out of hiding. He thought about including a jumper--they usually had jumpers when they went camping--but it was so very hot in mid-July that he couldn’t imagine needing it. He added the compass that he had snatched from the kitchen drawer, so he wouldn’t lose his way; he planned to travel as far as he had to, which might be very far indeed. At the last minute, he grabbed his new Silver Surfer comic book and pushed it in, then zipped everything up securely.
Sherlock was glad that John didn’t change the pace of the fingertips moving in his hair or try squeeze him in a hug.
"I guess she needs coffee too, Sherlock." He started laughing. Just then the coffee was finally handed through and Sherlock took off at a roar. John managed not to spill any. He turned around and looked; their tail hadn't gotten her coffee after all, and had to follow along.
Alarmed, and feeling somewhat ashamed at how his arousal jumped even higher at these words, Sherlock positioned himself over John’s prone form. He used his hand to slide the head of his cock up and down John’s crease.
When John got to Market, Sherlock saw one of the more aggressive panhandlers walk up to him and begin haranguing him. John shook his head at the man and set off into the Market Street crowds. He began to cross at 4
“It’s okay, Sherlock. We’ll figure something out. Or we’ll just stay here. We don’t have to solve it tonight.”
John woke to the feeling of strong arms surrounding him and a warm body against his. He sighed and snuggled in closer, feeling safe. Slowly, he opened his eyes; inches from his face, he saw Sherlock gazing unfocused over his shoulder, presumably looking out the window. He let the awareness of the hour before he’d fallen asleep steal into his consciousness, accepting the fact of a second panic attack, accepting that he’d been foolish to run out into the street just because of a little disagreement. At least, it seemed little now; at the time, he’d felt betrayed by Sherlock’s nonchalance.
“It’s okay, Sherlock. We’ve been through this before. I’m your emergency call, you know that,” Molly said quietly, stroking his hand much the way she had John’s an hour before. John glanced up at Molly but resolved to ask about “I’m your emergency call” another time.
Mycroft sounded harried, angry, and terribly contrite. John was kind of thrown. Mycroft couldn’t have predicted the sniper; since then, he and Sherlock had been irritated by nosy agents, had a lovely shower, teased said agents, had mind-blowing, life-altering sex, and watched those agents terrorize a staff member whilst ruining their tea service. All in all, not really something that the so-called British government needed to be prostrating himself over in abject mortification.
“Yes. I found this button,” Fawnlock held up the tape player to demonstrate. “It makes audio book that not go back to start.”
“I love you so much, Sherlock; I love you and I’m going to tell you every day, and I’m going to make love to you and treasure your body and make sure you know you’re loved and protect you and keep you from harm and you’re never ever going to have to pretend, ever again, you’re mine now and I’m yours and everything’s going to be okay now…”
"Angela should have a toolbox." Sherlock went around to the hatchback and rummaged around inside. "Here we go."
“When can he start using the lab?” Greg asked, worried that Molly would ban his charge completely for such asinine behaviour.
After that, somehow knowing that Harry had the same problem made things better. It wasn’t like he wanted to be
Crooning to herself, Christine dropped one hand between her legs and began pushing the heel of her palm against herself. She lifted the other breast, ducked her head, and
“Uh...I don’t know what you just said, but I don’t think we should go back out there. It’s pretty scary out there.”
Mycroft sighed. It was true, retribution had been visited upon the people of Iraq for setting the terrible, atmosphere-damaging oil fires in Kuwait. But he was extremely disturbed to hear that Moriarty had broken one of the Sacred Directives. In 500 years, the Council had never let anyone outside know their business. That Moriarty could casually bring in someone who was decidedly
“We’re fleeing San Francisco, probably for our lives, in a tiny borrowed car. We’ve left everything I brought with me back in a hotel I’ll never see again. I have no idea how or when or even if I’ll ever go home again, which means that I am now jobless and destitute. And we are evidently being followed by ‘special agents’ who couldn’t protect us if we were in a sealed box at the bottom of the ocean.”
“Another union protest. They’re ramping up to one every week. It’s utterly boring. Neither side will make any real concessions at the table and this just drags on and on.”
Then he dared to reach down, past Sherlock’s coccyx, to cup Sherlock’s arse cheeks briefly; shyly, he moved his hands back up. Sherlock let go of John and pushed John’s hands back down, and John squeezed taut buttocks and felt his cock become fully erect, bucking up against the soft skin of Sherlock’s balls.
John’s face was pale. Clearly Sherlock had skimmed over quite a lot when he said, casually, “six months later, I had to leave London.”
Sherlock buckled the cuff around it and checked the tightness with his finger, slipping it between the cuff and John’s wrist. Then he rotated the cuff around John, letting him feel the soft fur-like material slipping against his skin. John closed his eyes and concentrated. It was a little alarming, feeling the cuff there. Any moment, Sherlock could attach it to something, lock him down, imprison him.
“Get out of the car,” John said in a very commanding voice. Sherlock raised his eyebrows and got out. John came around and hustled him, not very gently, to the passenger side of the car. The grass was damp with dew under their shoes.
They drove on through the main street of Eureka, which was also still route 101. Eventually the road left the town and meandered along the bay. Then they were into another little town, and Sherlock pulled off the main road.
As John ate, Sherlock regaled him with tales of some of his more colourful clients and refilled John’s wine glass twice. John noticed that Sherlock ate but another two bites of his own dish; by contrast, John had to restrain himself from mopping up the sauce on his own plate with the exquisite warm sourdough that had come with the meal.
He dropped his hands and watched as she began to caress herself. First she cupped the flesh from underneath, using fingertips and thumbs to pinch at her nipples. She made soft, pleased sounds, and when he glanced up at her face, he saw her eyes were closed. She began to alternate between kneading the soft mounds and tugging at the areolae, pulling them out further than he would ever have dared.
“Bugger fucking buggering father-boning ass-beavering shit-hole satanic pope in a wall. You and your bloody food.”
“Good morning,” he mumbled back and trudged to the loo. His piss was surprisingly vigorous, to the point of being foamy. Ah, he hadn’t gone during the night. Usually he went at least once.
"I think we can take two minutes to get a cup of coffee. Besides, I'm going to fall asleep on you if you don't."
By the end of the first school year of his sexual awakening, Johnny was sure that he was going to hell, although his parents were not terribly religious and he wasn’t very clear on what "going to hell" meant. Relief from this torment came from an altogether unexpected quarter: Harry.
John leaned over, rested his elbows on his knees, and put his face in his hands. What had happened to him? How had this week gotten so out of control? He realized that he hadn’t been apart from Sherlock since he’d arrived at the St Regis on Sunday. Was he in a trance? Under some spell, some form of hypnosis Sherlock had woven over him? It was good, this, getting away from him for a while. Stretch his legs, remember that he was a perfectly capable adult. A soldier, for fuck’s sake. He’d killed men. He could take care of himself.
She pulled the chain and the room darkened. The light from the hall spilled in through the door and splashed a lumpy yellowish rectangle over Johnny’s covers.
Sherlock turned around, prowled over to the bed, pulled down the sheets, and positioned himself with a knee on either side of John’s hips, hands on the headboard.
Sherlock growled in a frustrated tone. “John. Consider this: you can spend this week attending long-winded lectures, hearing information that you could glean from reading abstracts and news highlights in the journals in about an hour’s work, but instead have it spread out over the
Right now this is kidlock, but it is their origin story. Eventually they will grow up, and this will earn an E rating.
“You’re welcome!” the librarian called to him. He walked back into the library, shaking his head. What had he gotten himself into? He settled back into the chair at the reference desk where a small line of children were waiting. Why did the teachers all assign term papers at the same time? He adjusted his nameplate on the desk, smiled wide, and beckoned the first in line forward.
Once in his tent, with the flashlight on for ambient light, he couldn’t decide how to sit. Cross-legged and casual? Maybe he should stretch out and look sexy. He tried it and felt like a fool.
Of course, the challenge of passing as a human amongst other humans only sweetened the deal. It was something he’d been thinking about for years: if he was able to play at being human, maybe he could talk to Johnny again.
“Actually, shit. I do have something we have to talk about, and I think I know what you’re going to say, but I have to ask.”
!” Johnny was speaking very loudly; maybe if he was loud enough, he could get through to this weird creature. He tried stomping his foot as the deer boy had.
And then he felt warm arms around his belly again, and he began to hiccup from the sobs. There was soft murmuring in his ear, words he couldn’t understand but that sounded much like the things his mum said when he scraped a knee, a low soothing susurration that was audible even through his sobbing.
He cradled his hands under John’s head, and then he was pulling, slowly. John immediately flashed on that medieval torture device, the rack.
why people have dessert,” but he thought it might be a touch too snarky, so he just held Sherlock, who, surprisingly, fell into a rather deep sleep. Through some awkward maneuvering, John was able to pull the duvet half over Sherlock from the other side of the bed, and John watched him fondly as he breathed deeply, wondering just how much sleep he usually got.
"Don't say it like that, Sherlock. I think I'm pretty glad he's watching out for us just about now."
Since his 14th birthday, Johnny had slept in his tent more and more often; now he slept out almost every night unless there was a really terrible storm. His tent had become well-equipped, with a roll of toilet paper, a little box he used for trash, various snacks, and a canteen that he filled each night at dinner from the tap. He kept a few porn magazines hidden in a small stack of comics that he didn’t care about (wouldn’t do to get the good ones damp), but mainly he relied on his imagination for wank material. He also kept a heavy-duty camping flashlight in the tent.
“That’s a shame.” John grinned and slipped on a plain grey t-shirt, tucking it into the waistband of a pair of jeans. Sherlock was already dressed in a crisp, charcoal-coloured suit, with an ostentatiously too-tight silk shirt underneath. The silk was azure, and Sherlock knew it made his eyes appear very blue. He held out his arm, John tucked his hand around the proffered elbow, and they headed out.
For a couple of weeks, girls would still show up at the tent at night, but that tapered off quickly as word got around.
“I don’t think so. You do not sound nearly desperate enough.” To make his point, John used his free hand to stroke Sherlock’s cock, once. Sherlock bucked up into the touch, which was almost immediately withdrawn.
He glanced at the clock. He’d only gotten three hours of sleep this time; not nearly enough to make it through a day of conference sessions.
A sharp wind blew through the green oak leaves surrounding the Contact Pool, startling sleeping birds in the still summer night.
When Sherlock left London, in the dead of night on a chartered plane surrounded by Mycroft’s security, he was skin and bones. His eyes were sunken into a bruised face. Under his clothing were more bruises upon bruises, some of his bones in casts. On the plane he was fitted for artificial teeth. He was in involuntary withdrawal simply because they could not find enough of the cocktail of illegal drugs, which Moriarty had been feeding him for months, to keep him stable for the flight. He was nonverbal and was not really aware of what was happening. But when he arrived in San Francisco, he refused treatment.
Sherlock was maybe more violent than he needed to be in crushing the tiny spy cams as he found them. He used the base of a very heavy (and very expensive) lamp to smash them to plastic dust. He found seven in John’s room and loo, including one that was a new model of which he hadn’t been aware—so tiny that he almost missed it. When he had destroyed that one, he got a text from Mycroft:
It turned out that the basement window was a pull casing, and a quick jimmy with the screwdriver opened it right up.
“Simple observation, John. You’ve had your job for less than six months, else you wouldn’t feel quite so guilty at having been sent on this junket instead of other doctors who have been at the practice longer. You were invalided out and likely took time to regroup, but only until your pension was no longer enough to feed you, which would have been about six months. Your nightmare last night, which was quite audible next door even with the excellent soundproofing in this hotel, was clearly an ordinary occurrence; you did not appear frightened or surprised when you knocked on my door but instead were resigned.
I highly recommend it: it is beautiful, haunting, eerie, soothing. Maybe give the YouTube track a try and see if it’s your cup of tea.
“Molly, get some water out of the refrigerator there. Sherlock, what happened? Are you bleeding anywhere? Are you injured?”
“Who cares! I’m waltzing with my ‘significant other!’ Mycroft would be so proud! We’ll be ready for our wedding!”
“I’m not quite sure what you just said, but I’m certain you’re right.” John smiled, and Sherlock marvelled at this unexpected man who didn’t react to him in any way he was familiar with. He smiled back, and they just gazed at each other for a moment.
“Yeah, I think so.” He wriggled out of the track suit bottoms, and then, glancing at her and getting a nod, slid off his pants.
Molly smiled, blinking back tears. “I am, of course. I am. And I am also acknowledging that I will be sad to know that you won’t be dropping by once in a while. Watching your journey has been so enriching for me, Sherlock. You are a beautiful soul.”
It just happened to have stopped in front of the rather obvious spy car that had parked a few yards away from them.
“Sherlock, I don’t mean any offense to your religion or your spiritual belief system or whatever it is you have, but meditation just doesn’t work for me. I’ve tried, my therapist has tried, the PT centre has tried. It just doesn’t ‘take.’ It doesn’t work with my brain.”
“What’s got into you, Johnny?” his mum asked, pausing in the middle of critiquing Harry’s latest ear piercing.
He tried to grind up against John, who immediately withdrew his hand and rested it on Sherlock’s hip. Sherlock stilled and was surprised to find himself panting, through his nose, in confusion. John’s tongue, unmoving, still filled his mouth. This stillness, this immobilization was utterly novel. He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do. What did John want? How was he supposed to act? He felt lost, adrift...nothing in his life had prepared him for this.
have magic silverware and I am always delighted by it. (For some reason, some diner silverware is magnetic. Various theories have been drunkenly proposed for this, none of which seem particularly plausible.) And by the way, I don’t care how corny the name is, Moons Over My Hammy is the most delicious dish on the Denny’s menu. YUM. I order it regularly without the slightest hint of irony or embarrassment.
“Now now, I want to make things easier for you; don’t want you to have to struggle not to ruin our fun.” John bent to wrap the strap around the base of Sherlock’s penis, but he was deliberately inefficient, stroking the shaft, fondling the testicles, and generally making Sherlock’s state more critical before he finally snapped the leather tight around the straining flesh.
John had gone still, watching the entrance to the room. There was a lot of banging and shouting going on, and then a giant red dragon head appeared next to the hostess’ station. The restaurant patrons began to laugh and clap as an entire dragon slowly wound into the room, right past Sherlock and John’s table, colorful segments seemingly floating upon human legs. Sherlock saw John roll his eyes and loosen his shoulders, and after a moment he began to smile, watching the procession that wove through the tables with whistles and bells. Sherlock was aware, though, that from the first loud sound, John was tensed as though ready to leap into action. Nothing to be done about it; he hadn’t realized a street dragon would invade their restaurant.
“I think you are approaching this from a very all-or-nothing standpoint, Sherlock, and I have to tell you, if we are going to live together, you are going to have to learn to become more flexible than that.”
“Now listen. I don’t want to do any crazy maneuvers to avoid them. They’ll just find us again. And we’re probably better off with them back there, no matter how much they seem to have bungled this whole thing.”
“Okay.” John knew that his gaze was probably a bit predatory by now, but it didn’t seem to bother Sherlock, so he reached his spoon over to the watermelon, dipped it in and held it to let the spoon get cold, and then smeared the sorbet and pressed the cold spoon against Sherlock’s other nipple. He took a fingerful of the lemon-ginger and swirled it into the navel below. Sherlock grunted, and John brushed his palm over Sherlock’s renewed erection through his black trousers, wishing he’d thought to tell Sherlock to get completely undressed. The icy sorbet on his cock would have been fantastic.
The door opened to reveal Sherlock in jeans and the shirt he’d been wearing earlier, looking fresh and awake. Low lights were on in his room.
“‘Cut it out,’ or words to that effect. I always try a deduction once with a new client; not sure why, because no one wants to hear it, so I keep my observations to myself for the most part and simply act on them. I’ve consequently been accused of having psychic abilities. Always in an admiring tone, of course. Clients love to have their needs anticipated; they just don’t want to know how it’s done.”
Then he moved to his trouser button, and they both stopped smiling. He continued to watch John, whose mouth had fallen slightly open, as he unzipped and palmed himself through his black silk pants, grinding into his own hand. John groaned. Good.
for her impeccable beta work! I made a lot of changes after her last viewing so I have only me to blame for any mistakes.
Mark is an homage to a very patient bartender who put up with me and an absurdly mismatched boyfriend in my last years of undergrad. He was wicked cool and looked out for us. Goth knows why.
“Murphy ‘table’, if you will. I’ll step out for a moment; go ahead and remove as much of your clothing as you are comfortable with, and lie down on this.” He detached the long, padded table from the wall and wheeled it over to the ample space between the credenza and the bed; then he disappeared into his adjoining room.
Sherlock couldn’t hold back. John was so hot inside, and so slippery from all the preparation. Sherlock had never fucked anyone bare. The sensation was far more intimate. He slid until he was fully engulfed in John, and then he pressed his chest against John’s back, and wrapped his arms around John’s arms, and buried his face in John’s shoulder.
By now Sherlock was clutching John’s hands and had his face in John’s lap. This was different than the histrionics that morning, before John first called Mycroft to discuss going back to London. Sherlock seemed terrified. Whatever was wrong between Sherlock and Mycroft, it was really, really wrong, and John did not want anything to do with it; and at the same time, he felt that he might be the only person able to fix it.
And then he felt a sort of presence. As he looked around, the world seemed to take on a sharpness; the grass looked greener, the tree bark rougher, the fallen leaves softer. He became aware of sweet birdsong, not from one or two birds but from many small throats. He took a deep breath and the air was so fresh, so full of summertime that he felt he could make a meal of it.
“Keep listening to my voice, and at the same time, let the sounds of the room filter into your awareness. The sounds of the traffic below the hotel; the occasional honk, the faint sound of the wind outside our windows. The hum of the refrigerator. The ding of the elevator in the hallway, the sound of people walking past our door. Let these sounds drift and mingle with the sound of my voice, soothing you, holding you up, caressing your ears. Keep listening to my voice; let it be your lifeline. Keep feeling the breath pulling into your lungs through your nose and then passing back out into the room, bringing oxygen into your lungs, then going slowly back out. Feel the solidness of the bed underneath you. Feel how safe you are right now. Feel your knee against mine; feel your hands cradled in mine. Everything is quiet and safe. It’s just you and me in this room, and nothing else is important. Just keep listening to my voice.”
Outwardly, all John would have been able to see, had he been looking, would have been the faintest relaxation of tension in Sherlock’s neck.
“We keep security cameras in all Companion-fitted rooms. It has saved Companions several times now. Not me, of course. But it seemed innocuous enough that I never objected. I trust the people who view the camera feeds; I know them well, and I knew they would never divulge our activities. I knew they would, er, see that you were special to me, and would destroy the tapes. In fact, we had a conversation about that on Tuesday.” Sherlock looked up to see John glaring at him fiercely. He cleared his throat.
“You should know better than to make a big deal out of food to someone with an eating disorder, Doctor.”
“You know, like this cream in a tiny pitcher instead of little plastic cups. Or the sugar in a covered bowl instead of paper sachets. This lovely little dish, full of butter, instead of foil packets that get all greasy and stick to everything.”
Johnny and Christine were snogging under the terrace by the rugby field. He was absolutely covered in sweat and grime from the game, but Christine claimed to like him that way.
“Don’t worry, hon. Many men have come to this very bar to unburden their hearts about a man who done them wrong.”
Sherlock had turned the car’s high beams on, and no cars approached from the other direction to make him flick it off. The bubble of bright light made everything seem even more surreal, painting the upcoming road in stark black and white and leaving the trees to form a solid wall of black above them. The car had slowed to 45 miles per hour, not just in deference to the speed limit but also due to the sheer challenges of the road. The windows were rolled down, and the thick scent of evergreens filled the car.
"Get in, now, NOW!" the agent yelled. They scrambled from the car, ran the short distance, and hoisted themselves into the craft which took off almost before Sherlock had finished climbing in (making sure John went before him, by dint of shoving him hard).
As for Johnny’s military training: I know nothing of British military training other than what little I’ve gleaned from the interweb. Here’s where I looked up
“How…” John’s mouth dropped open. He hadn’t used the cane in several months now, and he thought he hid the slight limp that remained rather well, thank you.
This was the type of massage John was used to; Sherlock found a pinpoint of pain in his upper-left thigh and leaned into it, hard, with his thumbs. John yelped.
“No guts on the floor, ma’am, not on my watch,” John responded, grinning, and took a drink from one of his three glasses of milk. “Seriously though, yeah, I’ve seen some stuff now. Doesn’t bother me.”
Fawnlock wasn’t sure what Moosecroft got up to all day, but it was very serious and almost certainly incredibly dull. His brother rarely left his comfortable treetop domain. When he and Moosecroft were first orphaned, Moosecroft led them deep into the forest and, with the help of some others of their kind, built them a rather magnificent house in a giant, ancient oak tree.
. And it’s no skin off my nose if you do; I’d be delighted to have you there. But we’re talking about you dropping your whole life here for someone you just met, that you don’t really know. You haven’t thought this through. It’s reckless.”
Fawnlock interrupted his musing. “When the other antler is off, I am coming to live in town,” he announced grandly.
“Try this.” Sherlock opened a can and poured the contents into a tall glass. He handed it to John, who sipped it.
Fawnlock looked up at her, surprised, and she glared back at him. Immediately she wanted to back down—
“Something wrong?” John mumbled somewhat inaudibly into Sherlock’s skin, not letting go of his grip on the nip.
“Yes. We’re not currently being followed, and we need a few things.” Sherlock hopped out of the car.
“Ooh, John! We’re at Geyserville! That means we’re near The Geysers. Geothermal power plants inject water into the geysers field to produce steam, which causes cluster earthquakes.”
“I’m not saying you were a victim of rape, or that you were a victim at all. I’m saying that just because you were getting into it does not mean that he was right to be initiating a scene so soon after your first experience, and doing it so clumsily. It was a major mistake and clearly it hurt you, emotionally, or else you wouldn’t be here.”
“Oh, I like that bounce.” He spanked it a few more times, admiring the way the ivory flesh wobbled. The movement appealed to something very primitive in his brain, something he couldn’t really access intellectually, and he thought he should explore that more while he whacked a pinking buttock again.
“Lip reading,” Sherlock said, as if it should have been obvious. “Would you feel better if I found the cameras and destroyed them?”
He collapsed on his cot in the early morning hours completely wrung-out, falling asleep almost instantly, and five hours later hopped up ready to face the day. He was excused from morning reveille due to his late-night post; none of the other privates in Phase 2 were working outside the classes and PT, but he was determined to learn medicine as quickly as he could, and lowly as his orderly chores were, he felt he was becoming steeped in hospital culture and routine and was certain that it could only speed him along on his journey to become a doctor.
“Off?” she suggested. She helped him pull it over his head, and he tossed it in a corner. They continued kissing, and she began to unbutton her blouse. Johnny broke off the kiss and sat back a little to watch in the dim light. Christine gazed at him steadily as she pulled the blouse off and reached back to unfasten her bra. As her breasts tumbled out of the satiny cups, Johnny bit his lower lip and held his breath.
“Not your problem, snakey. You just carry out your orders when I give them to you.” He stomped over to the thin trunk of a tall tree and shook it, howling up at the sky. “You will be
Thank you to all who were so patient through this. I'm sorry it took so long to complete, but completed it is. I hope you enjoy.
“‘Welcome Home,’” he read out loud from the hand-painted placard that included a rainbow under the lettering. “How appropriate.”
“Don’t you follow me. Go ‘way now. You’re useless. I’ll find my own way home.” He started walking again, but there were clear sounds of someone traipsing along behind him.
Sherlock’s heart was pounding. He was thrilled. John was absolutely unpredictable. He could not ever remember feeling so safe at the same time as he was so fascinated. His cock, pinned under one of John’s surprisingly heavy thighs, was throbbing with excitement.
“Yeah, dipshit, of course I’ve got porn. You like boys or girls more? I’ve got a lot more girls than boys, but I’ll loan you some of each. Just don’t get any of your disgusting spunk on it or I’ll beat you to a pulp.”
“The surprise and variety of requests from my clients keep me from being bored. I am tested after every client and can provide you with documentation of my clean bill of health; in addition, I always use safer sex practices, and that is non-negotiable. There is nothing you can ask me to do that will offend me; there is little that I am not willing to do, and I am not shy about saying if something is off the table. It may take you some time to acclimate to the idea of such a personal assistant, but most people find themselves comfortable within a day and begin to wonder how they ever lived without me. I can be as present or as discreet as you prefer. I am an excellent observer of humans and will be able to tell what you want or need, for the most part, without you even having to ask.”
He reached up to squeeze John’s arsecheeks, needing to feel the soft flesh, and John released his hold on his own buttocks with a sigh. Sherlock vaguely thought that John’s shoulder must have been bothering him, and for a moment he felt bad that he hadn’t anticipated that, but then his tongue slipped in more deeply as John’s anus unexpectedly relaxed, and thought fled again. Now he could push further in.
“It’s perfect, Da. They’ll put me through medical school, like we’ve been talking about. No cost. And I can send home money.”
Sherlock started kissing John’s neck, and John realized that Sherlock was chanting “John, John, John,” almost sub-audibly, in-between kisses. Daringly, he bent his head and mouthed at Sherlock’s left trapezius muscle, then bit down lightly.
There was nothing special about the day Johnny turned seventeen. Life at the Defense Medical Services Training Centre, at least for new recruits in Phase 2 of training, wasn’t all that different from Phase 1 at Harrogate. There were still daily physical drills, surprise barracks inspections, and dismal food. On top of that, there were introductory classes for medical training like maths and sciences that were harder than anything Johnny had studied in school, and hours of homework. His birthday passed unnoted by anyone else; he didn’t bother to tell anyone about it. Later that weekend he would get a lovely care package from his Mum with cupcakes that he shared around.
“Thank you.” John took the glass and sat down on the couch, completely overwhelmed. He gulped at the water.
“Excellent.” Sherlock went to turn down the bed; he fluffed the pillows as well. “I assume you would prefer I go to my own room?”
“Well, the first part’s right, anyway. I could punch you for keeping me in the dark about the sniper.”
Sherlock began to drive again, but it took him a while to get back up to speed, almost as though he was reluctant to leave the scene.
“Yes I am, and I’ll thank you to keep your chopsticks to yourself.” John thwacked his own against Sherlock’s, grabbed at the cube in question, and promptly dropped it on the floor.
Sherlock grinned and went to retrieve the toy bag from where it had ended up in the corner. After some rummaging, he came back with two lengths of purple rope and a left-handed pair of safety scissors. He gave the scissors to John; then he circled the rope around the top of one of John’s thighs. As he did so, his hand brushed underneath, against John’s very stiff erection, and he smiled to himself.
Just past the muscle at the entrance, John was loose and hot and mysterious. Sherlock was prepared to taste, well, excrement, but the channel was still tasteless. Interesting. Sherlock slowly dragged his tongue almost all the way out and then pressed back in, thrilling to hear John sob in response.
He solved a mere three trigonometry problems (wrongly, it would turn out) by the time he usually brushed his teeth, so he gave it up as a bad business. He rifled through his pants drawer to find a pair that didn’t have holes and headed to the bathroom.
Fawnlock realized he was feeling upset at the bewildered, almost lost look on Johnny’s face, and he pinched himself on the arm in retribution for having
“You’re right, that is rather alarming. Glad you warned me.” John looked up and caught a brief smile on Sherlock’s lips.
As the fog finally covered the windows completely, throwing the room into an early twilight, Sherlock stood from the couch and dropped his trousers, stepping easily out of them. He held a hand out to John.
Brandi stared up at the yellow trapezoids drawn on the ceiling by the headlamps of passing cars and thought about that.
“You’re a slob, you know that?” Johnny said, taking a single bite from his own sandwich. The deer boy chewed with his mouth wide open, grinning in delight at the sweet taste.
.” John continued swabbing hydrogen peroxide over the cuts with a cotton ball, pausing to pick out grit now and then with his begloved fingers. “Would it have killed you to stop for one minute to put on your shoes?”
“Shit, I’m sorry,” he said as he released his grip, “oh god that feels so fucking good oh my fucking god oh I’m floating, Sherlock, I’m floating.”
Sure enough, hard flicks were being given to his other nipple almost immediately. Sparks of pain that flashed into euphoria piled one upon another, showing themselves to John’s inner vision as layers of bright red flowers that morphed almost immediately into rich peach-coloured petals. John whined into his gag and suckled. He felt drool running down his chin, and he pulled at his immobilized wrists in his ecstasy.
Sherlock was panting a little. “Your transparent attempt to keep me preoccupied while you do painful things to my foot is not working, John. But yes, of course I solved crimes. I have to go to some effort not to.”
“Yes, at Stanford. I picked a graduate level class but it was still wildly simplistic. Access to the lab and the morgue were worth it, though.”
“NO,” John said loudly, jumping out of bed. He stumbled against the bedside table, tripped, and also fell on the floor. A glass of water toppled onto him, smacking against his head and soaking him, and that’s when he woke up.
John could not figure out how Sherlock thought he would get them out of the rooms unseen. Their doors opened onto a hallway with elevators at one end and a stairway at each end. There were five agents in the hall; there was no way to leave the floor without being instantly spotted.
“Look. I think we have to think about alternatives. Yes, I love London. But my job there is not at all important to me. You, on the other hand,
Powerful fingers began to knead the muscles in John’s upper back. Sherlock stood at the head of the table and leaned over, pressing his hands down the length of John’s torso in strong, rhythmic strokes. John could feel Sherlock’s warm thighs leaning against the top of his head. He tried not to think about what was at the apex of those thighs, separated from him only by a thin layer of cotton. The mild pain of having knuckles dig in and draw furrows on either side of his spine distracted him, and he grunted.
Maybe he should take his track suit bottoms off, make things a little easier. He kicked off his trainers and wriggled out of the trousers. No, ew, that looked too eager! He hastily pulled them back on.
“Come here, John.” He pulled John, who had been standing listening to this monologue with some wonder, down onto his lap and into his arms and began to kiss him thoroughly. At first the kiss was aggressive, possessive; Sherlock was staking his claim, daring John to contradict his demand that they stay together. As John put up no resistance and instead molded himself against Sherlock, the kiss slid into something silkier, their lips skimming against each other as their tongues dipped inside the other’s mouth: tasting, flickering.
“Like this!” John began to prance around the room, waving his arms over his head. He leapt and hopped and uttered random “Whoo!” and “Yippee!” sounds and generally looked like a deranged leprechaun. Sherlock came into the room and sat on the duvet, ignoring the fact that he was creating a perfect wet print of his arsecheeks on the bed, and watched John with a concerned frown.
. It had been weeks since he’d fallen asleep properly. He glared at John’s back where he was puttering—doing something abysmal with the coffee maker and “tea”, it seemed. Obviously, the sleep was John’s doing. Bringer of bad habits! Eating, drinking blue potions, and now
They continued to bicker as they paid the bill and wandered outside. They were headed back towards the hotel when the hairs on the back of John’s neck stood up. A split-second later he pushed Sherlock down behind a concrete barrier next to the road and fell behind him; a half-second after that, there was a
. He doesn’t care about me; he doesn’t care that we’re having sex. He doesn’t care about sex, full stop. It’s irrelevant. He’s just watching to make sure that we’re not killed in a bloody massacre. Please, John. It means nothing. I can get him to turn the cameras off. This is why we have to leave here. It’s all Mycroft...he controls everything, he always
She glanced back over at him and, for once in her oblivious life, seemed to notice the expression on his face.
“You live in my house, you live by my rules,” Lestrade bellowed the first morning after he found Fawnlock’s “business” just outside the back door. “You will learn to use an indoor toilet!”
All of Sherlock’s other clients had taken advantage of the offered sexual services within fifteen minutes of entering their rooms.
He realized his eyes were closed when he felt Sherlock’s hand travelling slowly up his leg, past his hip, to rest on his chest.
“Mycroft,” he said in a very dark tone. John thought he would be hard-pressed not to flinch if that tone was used on him.
“I don’t know if I made this up when I was little or what. But I kinda remember meeting someone once, when I was real small. Someone…'Fawn-'...something. Yeah. Well, if that was real, and it happened, and you’re still out there….um….take care of yourself, okay?”
“Ew, don’t you know to keep your mouth closed when you eat?” Johnny felt superior for knowing so many basic things that this Pan clearly didn’t.
“Um...I guess he can start today? I’ve already processed Mr. Johnson, just waiting for the funeral home to come get him, so he won’t be in the way of anything.”
“I don’t think any of that’s going to happen, Fawnlock. You’ve been fine out here in the forest for years, and I’ve been fine in my little house, and that’s the way it’s going to stay.”
“This is a tape recording of the book. You can listen to it as you read along.” The book man stood up, walked around the table-thing, and reached towards Fawnlock’s head, who immediately jerked back.
“Wiggins! Angela! Clear a path!” Sherlock shouted as he shoved an elbow into the assailant’s throat. Almost immediately, a large Filipino man in a uniform suit and a short woman in a matching suit were at John’s side, using physical force to get Sherlock and his charge through the glass doors and into the lobby. The sound of the protest was immediately muted, and Sherlock was now able to hear John panting with a sort of pained vocalization. The door guards helped them to the elevator.
The table was low, just a meter off the ground, and was covered in a soft, fitted white sheet. There was an odd doughnut-shaped attachment at the end. He lay down on the table on his back and stared up at the ceiling, feeling resigned and clasping his hands over his stomach. Sherlock walked back in the moment he was settled.
The game went on for a few minutes. They settled into a rhythm; John was having some difficulty staying calm as Sherlock’s sucking became more and more elaborate. It was clear he was pulling out all the tricks he had learned as a Companion—things he was able to do only with his mouth and tongue, terribly unfair things that were making it almost impossible not to reach down and grab his face and just fuck into it, hard and fast. The only way John was holding back was by watching the almost constant stream of thin pre-cum drizzling from the tip of Sherlock’s purple head and hearing the faint, high-pitched whine he emitted every three drips when John bent down to reward him. John was approaching deep-throat levels of distance, working on ignoring his gag reflex, both as something to practice and as something to torment his cock-ring bound lover. Through the fog of arousal in his brain, he realized it was a bit not good, the delight he was taking in provoking Sherlock, but he couldn’t analyze it and had to trust that if anything truly bothered Sherlock, he would object.
John woke to a delicious warmth wrapped around him. Without opening his eyes, he wriggled a bit and assessed his situation. Warm skin pressed all along his back. Legs tangled with his in a complicated way his sleepy brain couldn’t quite sort out. A plump cock nestled against his arse. A sharp cheekbone pressed against his parietal bone. One arm was pillowing his neck; another was cuddled around his waist, and long fingers were wrapped around his short ones. John sighed happily and slowly opened his eyes to the view of the ever-present fog and skyscrapers outside their windows.
He grabbed a strap of his pack, dropping the compass in his fright, and began to run, zigging and zagging through the trees in a panic. He ran as fast as he could as the sounds of thunder came closer together, until his breath was too short and he had to stop. He leaned his hands on his knees, panting, and the first drops began to fall. He looked up in dismay.
So glad to hear you’ve made a friend. I made a double-batch of ginger biscuits so you can share them. Are you getting enough sleep? I hope your drill instructor isn’t being too hard on you. If he is, you just tell him to see your Da, he’ll set him straight. Remember what we read together in “Desiderata”: “Avoid loud and aggressive persons, they are vexations to the spirit.” Do your best to avoid anyone unpleasant.
“Uh…” This was a wrinkle John hadn’t anticipated. “Sherlock! Your brother thinks I’ve kidnapped you or something. Get in here.”
Johnny was speechless. Harry gave another short laugh at the expression on his face, then turned and left the room, closing the door with a loud
“I know.” Sherlock mitigated the arrogance of that statement by stroking his hand through John’s hair; somehow it worked. John closed his eyes as his breathing slowly returned to normal.
’s music is by the incomparable Bernard Herrmann, and it makes the whole movie that much spookier (and I’m not just talking about the somewhat well-known theme song). If you haven’t seen it, I don’t want to give anything away, but if you’re in the right frame of mind to forgive any datedness, it can really hit you as very gothic and eerie and haunting. It certainly is a part of the overall feeling of San Francisco for me.
[In a more angular hand] Son, you do whatever your instructor tells you to and keep your nose clean. We’re rooting for you back here.
“Look, this is not a game, all right? You’ve got to show me the way back home!” And Johnny couldn’t help it, he stomped again. The deer boy stomped back immediately. And giggled some more.
“We’ve...become friends, while I’ve been here in the city. We’ve become quite close, actually, and Sherlock wants to come back to London with me to continue our...acquaintance.”
“Wait, we’re not supposed to let civilians in there—” Molly said, but Fawnlock was already pulling back the sheet. Underneath was the slightly blue body of an elderly man, face slack in death. Fawnlock leaned close and sniffed, twitching his nose, and proceeded to look closely at everything he could see until Greg pulled him back and Molly re-covered the corpse.
“It was...exhilarating. Cocaine has a soothing effect on my brain. Calms down the racing thoughts. I was sharper; more focused than I had been in years. I could
only open up to a stranger.” John was gazing out the window and missed the way Sherlock’s eye twitched when he said the word “stranger”. “I certainly can’t open up to my therapist, and there’s no one that I’m close to in London. Or anywhere, for that matter.”
“Or there’s this really long beach I can take you to; it’s quite deserted, very mysterious in the fog—”
“I need you to...well. While you are here and under my care, I need you to promise not to go haring off again where I can’t protect you.”
, that’s the end. You make sure a boy treats you proper, like. You make him take his time and get you nice and wet, see, and then you make him use a rubber and you make him get you off.’”
He felt Sherlock’s tongue obediently still against his shaft and cursed himself for the stupid rules. This wasn’t supposed to be difficult for
“‘Oh, we had fun, I got my rocks off, but now I need to go fuck some other girls, bye,’” John interpreted.
John wanted to rush to Sherlock’s defense, but he took a sip of beer and thought about what Molly was saying, instead.
He slid out the plastic chair with an unpleasant screech and sat, trying to be thankful that the food was hot, anyway. With the hospital as part of the base, the canteen stayed open round the clock. Mess was palatable, if not particularly inspiring. He was sawing through some gristly fried steak when someone sat down opposite him with an unholy clatter. There was banging and sighing and grumbling, and he looked up to see a woman in full camo glaring at her meal.
“Why do you hate your sister so much? Is it the alcoholism, or is it because she divorced her wife?”
With a deep sigh, John began clambering over, feeling clumsy. As he turned, Sherlock held a thick towel, folded lengthwise, near his hip and draped it over his groin as he settled onto his back.
John reached down and gently rolled one of Sherlock’s balls in his fingers. This was always tricky; some guys loved it, and some guys reacted very, very negatively to any touch in that region.
who turned this chapter around on a dime (if a dime is a mere day or two after the end of her first semester whoo!). Hooray also for
“The Pacific ocean currents bring chilled water from Alaska to the shores of the American Northwest year-round. When the wind is blowing from the beach, it acts as a natural air conditioner, which keeps San Francisco temperate, while the East Bay and the Central Valley are baking in a more traditional summer climate. You should hear the whining around here when the wind blows the other direction.”
“No one knew. After the first rebuff as a child, the police came to my parents, told them to keep me in check. Mummy and Father chastised me in their offhand way, told me to stay out of trouble, that sort of thing. So I told no one of my continued efforts. Well, Mycroft knew, of course. He was the only one who came into my room; the cleaning staff refused, due to my experiments. So he saw all my case walls, where I pinned up the evidence to piece it together. But he never spoke of it and never interfered.”
—the look in John’s eyes, the complete fucking trust, had been electrifying. Watching the change in John as he buckled the cuff on was the best experiment he’d ever performed. The shift was instantaneous, though John hadn’t really started to sink until Sherlock had gotten that third cuff on. That was when Sherlock had really seen subspace take hold...and that was when the scene had taken hold of him as well.
The strangest thing had been what had happened with John’s head. Of course Sherlock knew the theory behind chakras and the absurd concept of “awakening the kundalini” that all massage therapists talked about. But he could not deny that when he held his hands on the crown of John’s head, he felt a sensation in his fingers; a kind of tingling. The (tiny) fanciful part of his brain fashioned it into the idea that he had felt energy there, coming from John. Derisible, of course. But even when he had held his hands slightly away, with no physical contact, he had still felt the sensation. It vanished when he stepped away.
Then his mum closed the door and there was a great ruckus, his father hugging him and shouting, Harry grumbling, his mum laughing. In a few moments, bread and butter and jam and a big glass of cold milk were set in front of him on the kitchen table and he began to eat, grinning, happy to be back where he belonged.
The arm pillow disappeared and fingers began to stroke softly through his hair, gently waking his scalp nerves.
In fact, he and the delivery man kissed each other on both cheeks, which John was not well pleased about. Sherlock caught John’s expression and laughed aloud.
“Now I’ll begin massaging you lightly to wake up the muscles. Nothing should hurt at this point; let me know if anything does.” He began touching John’s back more firmly, pressing down a little and moving his hands in slow circles.
“I’ll be in touch.” Mycroft closed the Contact abruptly. It was time to contact Joaquin, the Seal Person. Was he in Argentina or Antarctica this time of year? Mycroft sighed; perhaps it could wait until the next full moon. That would give him time to decide on a course of action.
A few minutes later, there was a curse, and then Sherlock hopped up and somehow gracefully pulled himself back over the transom.
“Excellent. Now. Sit up and, if you can, cross your legs like this.” Sherlock folded his legs into a very modified, easy lotus position, sitting right in front of John. John followed suit, ending up in a more modified, less-crossed version, with his bad leg sticking out rather a lot. Sherlock’s knee touched John’s more-folded one.
“His parents wanted an autopsy. They said he was very good at riding and don’t understand how he ended up in the ditch. I don’t think there’s anything to find—it was raining and I think he just took a spill the wrong way—but I’m still having a look ‘round for them.
John stared at Sherlock blankly. Sherlock came to the bed and, moving slowly and deliberately, began to pull the wet sheets away from John, unwrapping him. John lay limp, allowing it, breathing like someone who had run a mile.
“What way, Sherlock? What way did it affect me?” John turned to stare at him with glittering, midnight-blue eyes. “Why would you think that bothered me?”
"Gentlemen," and to her credit, her voice was almost steady. "I'm sorry I didn't see the threat. We're on our way to the airport."
John was regretting his pledge to never tickle Sherlock. All he could do was cross his arms and pout.
“No ma’am, we’re fine, thanks,” John answered. She was busy enough that she nodded and moved on. No police officers bothered to ask them any questions. John was glad. He wouldn’t have had the first idea what to say.
"They're closed, and the special collections room isn't open to non-scholars anyway. We have to break in to get the cache."
Sherlock grinned, slipped off his pants, and slithered onto the bed. He curled his arms around John’s legs and nuzzled into John’s pubic hair, nudging his nose against the half-hard cock nestled there.
“And if you finish the pre-med studies, and still want to enter this motherfucking godforsaken profession, come talk to me. And until then, get out of my face, private.” She sounded harsh, but John caught a bit of a spark in her eye, like she was looking at a kindred spirit. He smiled and stood up.
Sherlock moved quickly around the bed, setting the glass back on the table, running his fingers gently through John’s wet hair.
Moosecroft works at his minor forest position; Johnny gets a shock; Fawnlock wants to learn more about humans.
So he decided to take charge of his jack-off fantasies. He didn’t know of any visual materials other than his comic books, so he turned to his beloved friends, the Silver Surfer and Wonder Woman and Spiderman. Their sculpted bodies, bulging in their colourful outfits, provided ample material to keep his brain occupied with more acceptable images.
Once the lights were off and they were facing each other, arms wrapped around backs and legs entangled, John whispered to Sherlock,
“Let me make it clear. Moriarty has an obsession with Sherlock. He would like nothing better than to have an excuse to recapture him and torture him as slowly as possible, over years, to an inevitably early—but not
. I mean, I don’t…” He trailed off as Sherlock put his hands on his shoulders and leaned in close to his left ear.
Nights of watching Johnny stare at the leaf piles, sometimes saying words, suddenly clicked in Fawnlock’s head.
Hope your training is going well! There was a young woman who came round today, asking after you. Sandy? Do you remember her? I’d never seen her, but then you never did bring your girlfriends around to meet us, did you? Said she’d like to see you when you get home. I told her I didn’t know when that would be.
John rolled his shoulders and rubbed at his face. “This is all very interesting, but a benefactor spent quite a lot of money to send me to this conference, and the NHS is paying my salary for this week expecting me to come back informed of the latest drug discoveries and general practice techniques, so regardless of how
“I don’t really understand why he is pursuing. I suppose he simply did not care for hearing even the possibility that I would return to London. Perhaps he thought that was a violation, in itself, of the agreement between him and Mycroft. But I cannot predict his actions. He is the clearest instance of a psychopath I’ve ever met; he follows logic, but it is his own and is ever-shifting.”
“I thought perhaps if I knew more about what happened, I would understand better why he is pursuing us, and I could better prepare for the threat. I could do a better job of protecting you.”
Greg laughed sharply. “He’s been talking about nothing but this for weeks. You’re a good egg to let him in here. Don’t be afraid to scold him, he’s a klutz.”
He just held it there for a moment, taking in the softness, the roundness. Then she pressed her chest into his hand, and he moved it a bit, stroking with his fingertips, and she moaned, so he tried a little squeeze.
Sherlock wrapped his hand fully around John’s cock and began to stroke, making use of the slip-slide of foreskin that was still loose. John clutched Sherlock’s shoulders and cried out wordlessly, small sharp cries that increased in volume as his cock hardened completely. And suddenly he was coming, too soon, too hard, letting out a sob as he shot hot fluid on Sherlock’s hand and his own belly.
Greg Lestrade watched as the young teen entered the tea shop hesitantly and looked around. He hurried to Greg’s table as soon as he spotted the librarian and sat down awkwardly, fidgeting in the seat.
Sherlock decided to reveal a bit more of himself. “Also...I’ve spent some time at Fort Point. It’s peaceful there, yet quite eerie. A perfect place to go and think. Which led me to study a bit about the bridge, as it is such a part of the fort, now.”
“And you won’t want to live here, I can tell, you have to be in London. So I have to go back to London. But when I get there...Mor—
John took a deep breath. He had been about to be uncharacteristically stupid. He reached over to set the sorbet back down and gratefully smoothed the condom into place, taking a little too long as he relished the pulsing shape in his hand. Then he grabbed the sorbet and dumped it all over the now-wrapped treasure.
Molly pulled John into a hug, which startled him. It was awkward, the both of them balancing on bar stools, but Molly’s arms were warm and supportive around him, and after a moment he relaxed into it. He could feel her soft breasts against his chest; her hair smelled like apple shampoo. She rubbed her hands softly in circles on his back, and he closed his eyes and let himself be held. He really was rather tired out.
“No…” Suddenly John was whimpering. Sherlock had never heard such a hopeless sound. “No. No. Fuck. I got to you in time. Fuck!” And then he was shouting again, becoming more helplessly tangled in the sheets, fighting with all his might.
“Seb, go get the room ready. We will have business to conduct. Make sure there is a plentiful supply,” he directed sharply to the minion Sherlock had seen and mentally dismissed. Then he turned back to Sherlock and leaned over to speak softly, directly into his ear.
The shower had been slow and sensual. They had washed each other simultaneously, rubbing slippery hands over skin, shivering at the feeling of stroking and being stroked. They had slithered together in a sinuous, soapy dance of ecstatic touching, letting their bodies make contact in unexpected, undirected ways. After they were squeaky clean in every crack and crevice, Sherlock whispered into John’s ear:
“Patience, young man. Patience.” She proceeded to nibble and lick along his shaft. His eyes rolled back, and he fell back onto the ground. She took the opportunity to clamber over his legs and get a better angle.
“No, wait, I need to show this to you. She just said ‘Biology is a science that any child can study,’ right? Now, what if you want to hear it again? You push this button and it rewinds, and you can hear it again.” The book man made the box whirr again, then pushed the voice button.
Several highly inappropriate responses flickered through his mind before he settled on, “I’m sorry, John. You know that I can’t not see these things. Perhaps I shouldn’t have said it out loud?”
John slid back down on his belly and ducked under Sherlock’s leg. Sherlock felt John pushing lightly on the back of his thigh and he pulled his knee to his chest, exposing himself completely to John’s view.
“C’mon, let me show you.” The librarian beckoned the strange young man in the knit cap until he was joined outside.
“Okay, ‘forest’, so, uh, I’m off.” Johnny shuffled his foot in the grass. “Shit, this feels stupid,” he added
John could hear voices in the hallway as people from other rooms headed for the stairway. He also heard the agents’ raised voices, trying to direct movement and clear the hall.
—but she forced herself to stay firm. After a moment, Fawnlock’s eyebrows rose, and he almost looked...pleased?
“What’s going on, John?” he asked, fully prepared to not discuss this at the slightest hint of resistance.
By the time Sherlock stood again and replenished his body gel handful, John was slumped against the wall of shower jets, cutting many of them off. Sherlock smiled fondly and helped shift him around so that he was leaning with his back against the wall. Now he repeated the process on John’s front: working on John’s arms, paying careful and detailed attention to his hands and his fingers, massaging and touching. He soaped and rubbed firmly over his chest and belly, not wanting to arouse the nipples or tickle under the arms or over the ribs.
. They couldn’t be. There was no way that there was some species of mammal living here in New Forest that hadn’t long since been discovered and categorized by science. Was there?
“I don’t want to hurt you, John,” Sherlock said seriously; nonetheless, his hands were moving restlessly over John’s buttocks, pale and faintly visible in the starlight.
“There have been more than 1600 suicides off this bridge. They have tried various solutions, but people leap off on average about one a week. The Coast Guard station at the north end has to come fish them out.”
“Hey, Greg.” The desk sergeant smiled as the librarian strode in. A tall, thin young man wearing a knit cap was close on Greg’s heels. “How’s it hanging?”
“I do have eyes and ears, John. I heard what you said in your nightmare; I saw what set you off today. Of course I can’t know all the triggers yet, but I am quite sure that loud, sharp noises are one. Having red paint thrown on you is another.”
“Quite all right. Always a compliment to a masseur, you know.” Sherlock looked up from where he was reading on a tablet. “How does the leg feel?”
John sighed and rolled to his back, a compromise, and stared up at the ceiling. “How did that go sour so quickly,” he asked the plaster above him.
Greg sighed and with a last, lingering look at Molly, turned to ascend the stairs. Fawnlock also sighed, albeit internally. For all his bluster, he had been quite worried that the humans would not allow him access to this palace of science. There was a tiny smile on his face as he started up the Bunsen burner, just the way the textbook said to.
“Yeah. I bet you don’t. I’ll lend you some of mine, just don’t let Mum know or she’ll go off on me again, she’s been on my case all week and I’ve got to get out to a party tomorrow night.”
“Ah. Well, remember how I told you this would make an excellent dress rehearsal for an actual assassination attempt on a British official? He’s agitated because they’re blowing it. We were able to spot most if not all of his agents. The St Regis employees—who, while professional, attentive, and very loyal, are not exactly trained in espionage—were able to find one of the snipers that
John spun around on his barstool to find a young man standing near him, holding out a hand. Molly giggled. The lad was quite handsome: slim, with dark eyes and full lips. Black hair curled rakishly over his forehead and he was sporting a very “come hither” grin. A sleeveless black leather t-shirt, black jeans, and a kicky blue scarf completed the look.
Sherlock was looking up at the ceiling, but he couldn’t see anything; he couldn’t think about anything but his desperate need to get off, and he felt a warm certainty that John Watson was the best thing he had ever come across in this entire world.
John stood and looked out the window over the dramatic fog that was rolling in so quickly it looked like the opening scenes of
After John finished plowing through a caramel apple crisp—the most decadent dessert he could find on the menu—he slipped off his shoes and stretched out on the booth bench, back against the wall, sipping his third cup of coffee. The music service was tuned to some 80s nostalgia mix for the middle-aged crowd; misaligned, Sherlock thought, for a weekday morning in techie downtown SF.
John shifted to sit closer to Sherlock, so that he was pressed against him, on the sidewalk. Eventually an EMT noticed them.
.” He went to fetch a damp towel from the loo; then he gathered a piece of the rope from the carpet, a sixties-style floor lamp that loomed in a draping arc, and two trays of ice. John dragged the lamp so that it was hanging over the bed; he nestled the pile of ice in the towel, tied it into a bundle, and hung it with the rope so that it was suspended over Sherlock’s crotch. Sherlock watched all these preparations with keen attention.
“I’m terribly sorry about what happened to you. I’m a medical doctor. Are you feeling all right? Sherlock, get some water for Maureen.”
He stopped at the doorway and looked back, once. The deer boy was stood at the edge of his back garden, the silvery compass clutched in his hand, forgotten. He looked unutterably sad.
