“You know,” Sam says, self-satisfied, “I think this  is the most emotionally honest conversation we’ve ever had.”
. Cas tries to process it, to wrap his mind around the idea of a universe without its creator. This has been their mission for some time, of course, but perhaps deep down he never believed he would live to see it. What is an angel, in a universe without God?
There’s a pause, which means Sam is about to say something he thinks is insightful and significant. “You know, Bobby never exactly told me he loved me or that he thought of me as his kid, but I knew anyway. I guess he didn’t have to say it.”
Cas looks over at him sorrowfully. He feels like he’s looking through a fog, like Dean is distant and hard to make out. “There are so many rules,” he says.
“Of course,” Cas said quietly, and that was it. “Time to go, Jack,” he said. He helped Jack into the passenger seat, and then got into the truck himself, carefully adjusted his mirrors. He looked back at Dean for a moment and raised his hand, a faint gesture of a goodbye. Once he started to pull away, Jack started waving too, and kept waving the whole way down the driveway, and Dean could see his mouth moving soundlessly through the window of the truck, forming the word
Dean stares. There’s shock in his eyes, and he makes a strange, incomplete hand gesture, and if he considers reaching out to Cas and then thinks better of it.
When he leaves the kitchen, he finds Cas on the front porch, drinking coffee from his favored ceramic mug. Dean watches as he takes a sip and smiles with clear satisfaction, standing there with his eyes closed and his face tilted toward the sun, no trenchcoat this morning, just a t-shirt and flannel pajama pants and bare feet on the concrete steps. He looks human, and real, and safe, but in a way he has always been all those things to Dean. The weeds on the lawn of the little white house are overgrown. There are chalk drawings on the driveway, Jack’s renderings of butterflies and something involving particle physics. It’s a good morning to be alive.
Cas healed his wounds, too. Dean would insist to him that was worth having an angel with them on the trek. “The risks outweigh the benefits,” Cas said impatiently once, after fixing up a slash a werewolf’s claw had left down Dean’s arm. “You should let me go.”
An hour or so later, Claire comes back too, with a new eyebrow piercing she got at whatever mall she ended up finding. “Sweet,” Dean tells her, and holds his hand up for a high five, at which she rolls her eyes.
“Cas?” Dean says hesitantly. “I know it’s hard, man, but I need —“ His voice is breaking, Castiel realizes, fascinated. “I
“Yeah, we get to present them on Thursday,” Jack says. He doesn’t offer any more information on that.
Dean grins. It is pretty cool, actually. He can’t peel out of the elementary school parking lot like he might like to — like he used to when he was picking Sam up from high school, leaving kids gaping after them. There’s a pretty regimented order in which cars and buses are allowed to leave that’s being directed by women in orange reflective vests. Still, Jack seems happy with it, practically bouncing up and down in the passenger seat.
“What should I say to Jack?” Dean says. “When I see him. I mean, I don’t wanna freak him out, it’s a lot of changes…”
“I got in a fight,” Claire repeats. “At the bar I went to.” Dean just looks at her, raising his eyebrows to convey that he’s still waiting for the rest of the information. “There was this girl,” Claire says begrudgingly a few moments later. “A guy kept hitting on her even though she was obviously not into it, so I told him to knock it off. There were some words exchanged. Then I hit him, and he hit back. And then we all got thrown out.”
Cas said the same thing, Dean remembers, that he and Claire were alike. He thinks about what he’s been doing at Claire’s age — credit card scams, pool hustling, and a decent amount of outright theft — and winces again. “Okay, yeah,” he says. “I’ll talk to her.”
“Oh my god, shut up,” Claire says, face going a little red and launching herself out of the booth, and Dean laughs.
Later, Cas picks Jack up from school, and Dean doesn’t know what he says to the kid on the car ride home, but Jack comes home looking at Dean with a mixture of happiness and, when he thinks Dean isn’t looking, something like mistrust.
“Shit,” Dean says. He rubs at his eyes with the back of his head, feeling exhausted. “I don’t know, man. I don’t know how to teach myself to be happy. Everything’s different now.”
The song has changed — another song about Heaven and angels. They are such common motifs in music about love, Cas thinks. It’s not right — an angel is a poor choice for an object of romantic affection, and there is no love in Heaven like the love on Earth. The music on Earth is not like the resonance of celestial spheres. It is more beautiful.
One night, after falling asleep at the kitchen table with half a bottle of whiskey, he woke up to see Jack standing over him. The kid had a sleeve of Oreos in one hand and a guilty look on his face. His eyes, Dean could tell, were red-rimmed from crying.
What did she understand? The two of them weren’t the same. She was fallen, she had given up her grace. And in exchange she got — human things. A family, a childhood, a kiss. Castiel is still an angel and still built for higher things.
Cas follows Dean back to the car, sitting in the passenger seat. “I’m sorry,” Dean says, not making a move to begin driving. He doesn’t sound terribly remorseful. There is a song about long American highways playing through the car’s speakers. “I should’ve given you a little bit more instruction before throwing you off the deep end like that.”
Sam scowls at him as soon as Claire leaves. “You’re really going, then,” he says. He sounds as disappointed as he does when Dean promises to try a new vegetarian recipe and then adds bacon.
, Castiel thinks, a bright flare of light through his mind, and he knows then that he has thought it many times before.
“You know something?” Claire says, and whips around to look at him. Her eyes are flashing with anger —
“Okay,” Dean said after another moment of silence. “Okay.” He stood up and said something vague to Cas about letting Dean know if he needed any help packing, and he left, and he thought all that night about Cas’ sad, sad eyes.
Dean, however, hasn’t called Cas, and he hasn’t reached out to Sam either to let him know that the direction of his and Claire’s journey has changed. While he’s on the road, it feels like he’s in limbo, and anyone but Claire knowing where he’s going would puncture that. What he wants is for there not to be any chance of misunderstanding, and he doesn’t want anyone giving him advice or telling him what he should or shouldn’t be doing. Not until he’s there, and he can tell Cas to his face.
If he’d ever bothered to picture what he would be doing at age forty, this is probably exactly the kind of thing he would come up with: waitresses wearing cowboy boots who are way too young for him. But there’s nothing really appealing about it now. Even if he was alone, Dean thinks, he probably wouldn’t be trying anything with her. It’s just that — well, it all started to feel a little bit pointless, after a while.
They’re taking this road trip at a leisurely pace, stopping at every roadside tourist attraction they see from the highway. They stop for saltwater taffy, the Route 66 museum, and a giant sculpture of a blue whale. Claire never complains about long hours in the car, though she does sometime poke at Dean about not letting her drive. She doesn’t put her feet up on the dashboard, and she has the courtesy not to eat chips in the car.
It was almost laughable, the thought of Cas buying a house and settling down in the suburbs of the Midwest. Almost, except that Dean could sort of picture it now. The Cas in front of him wasn’t the one who fell down from Heaven all those years ago, and it was more than just missing his grace. Sometimes Dean felt like Cas was more human than he was.
“It’s just not the right place for me to be,” Dean said finally. “But I’m gonna visit, okay? All the time.”
Later, Castiel would wonder why Anna had never spoken a word of doubt out loud, in the long time they had known each other. She had never sought reassurance, never made any indication she had doubts, until he was told one day by stern-faced Michael that she had fallen, and Castiel was to take her place.
To Dean, Cas has always looked sort of — vulnerable, even when Dean knew he wasn’t. It’s something about how open Cas’ face always was, how wide his eyes were.
“Great.” Claire pulls out a tape he’s barely listened to in years, some Simon and Garfunkel greatest hits compilation. He should scold her for the choice and insist the driver picks the music, but he lets her pop it into the tape deck and turn the volume up.
Typical, he thinks, of a conservation at a bar between two lonely people with nowhere better to be, cutting right to the heart of the matter. “No, not really,” he says. “I mean, I’m not getting divorced.” It’s so non-commital he cringes at himself.
Dean nods slowly, dazed. He’d thought he might have a buffer, a little more time to see how Cas is reacting and decide how to do this, but no. She’s right, it’s better for him to go in alone.
“No, I didn’t — I wasn’t going to… you know.” Claire looks skeptical. “I wouldn’t have called her! I just would’ve left a good tip.”
my dad. You think I want you to give me advice? You think I don’t see what you’re doing, driving around the country like you don’t have a care in the world. Like you don’t have any family who needs you. Don’t act like you’re so much older and wiser and better than me when I
“Sam told me you’re running away to California,” she says flatly. Sometimes, when she talks like this, Dean has a vivid mental picture of her slapping handcuffs on his wrists.
“Do you think they’re real?” Claire asks, looking through a book about close encounters of various kinds. “Like, aliens or UFOs?”
“Claire—“ Dean says, intending to start saying something about how her parents cared about her and didn’t mean to leave her behind, but she cuts him off with a look.
Sam and Jack came looking for him eventually, when all their phone calls went unreturned. Dean could hardly stand to look at them when they came through the door. He had been crying, for an amount of time he couldn’t begin to guess at, and then the tears had dried up and he had just sat there, eyes sore, hollowness in his chest swallowing him from within.
“Alex and Patience are doing good. Kaia — well, she’s still staying with me. She’s having a hard time.”
.” Dean grips his hand more tightly, and then he’s leaning toward him, looking desperately relieved. Cas’ trenchcoat and tie, he realizes, are draped over the back of Dean’s chair. “How are you feeling, buddy? Are you okay?”
Dean takes a deep breath, and Cas, on impulse, kisses the back of his hand again. Dean smiles at him, looking relieved, that seems to give him something he needs to say it.
It’s strange how right it seems, after he’s flipped that switch it his mind. Like despite speeding down the highway, he’s finally just stopped trying to run. He thinks about what he’ll say to Cas when he sees him, but the words won’t be good enough, the words won’t say what he means. Cas will get it though, when Dean looks at him. He’ll understand, and Dean will kiss him, and they’ll figure this out like they do everything.
“I don’t know.” Dean is sitting in Cas’ all-white kitchen with its little kitschy touches, where he made dinner earlier, and he can’t imagine his dad here or anywhere like it.
“It’s wrong getting off on faking you’re taking advantage of someone.” Another realization hit Dean in the face. “Wait, how did you know?”
“Yeah,” Dean finally snapped out of his thoughts. “Sam and I will leave in a few. We’re ready anyway. Aren’t we, Sammy?”
He couldn’t go as far as sniffing the damn shirt, because if he did that then he’d personally ask Sam to get him to a shrink.
Dean sucked small love marks that wouldn’t actually leave bruises. He bit and licked the conjuncture of Cas’ shoulders, his pectorals, teased his nipples only slightly, moved to his abs, all the way until the waistband of his briefs.
Then Castiel did the same, allowing the piece of jewelry to represent the journey they’d gone through together to be there. Hands clasped tightly, they refused to let go.
“Then,” Cas stopped, separated, prompted Dean with his hand to lay full on his back. “Like this,” he said, hovering over Dean, aligning their dicks.
Dean hummed, keeping the pace just as slow, but securing a hand behind Cas’ neck. His fingertips brushed the hair of his nape, guiding Cas almost unnoticeable to tilt his head further to a side.
Cas slowly dragged his hand from Dean’s and started going to the door. He opened it, looked back at Dean. “Goodnight.”
It became a routine of sorts, sometimes going to Cas’ place and sometimes going to Dean’s. They’d go each other’s places at least once a week, hang out, brush hands on the couch if it was safe enough.
“Because, dear angel of mine,” Dean said dramatically, even pausing to take a sip from his drink for added effect. He pointed at Cas. “I love you. And I couldn’t let you do that.”
Since the memorable mixtape gift, that Dean treasured with his whole life, Dean had been thinking about a discman he and Sam had when they were kids. He wanted to give Cas back something meaningful, too, in the shape of music.
He stopped the tracing, opening his palm wide on Cas’ thigh, next to his crotch. He squeezed the soft muscle and let his thumb graze slightly near Cas’ groin.
Dean had to flex his knees so he kept the angle right inside of Cas, but the way Cas moaned while he tried to move Dean's wrist out of his ass was precious and absolutely worth it.
Sam left to the kitchen and Dean pointed to the dining table with his head. Cas gave a soft smile and followed Dean.
“I don’t have to answer, Cas. We never agreed on that. Besides,” he sighed again, louder this time, “it wasn’t exactly pretty.”
Cas did something similar, scooping closer to Dean, tracing with his palm Dean’s column, then going up the front, passing over his navel and the middle of his forming abs.
“I’m sure,” Cas said, leaving Dean’s side on the edge of the bed. “I’ll tap you twice if I want you to stop.”
“Can I ask why you were so furious, Cas? Because Sam suggested something and I-I really don’t believe him.”
It wasn’t too bad, just the graze of an angel blade on the surface of his skin. He actually could’ve driven, but Cas was in perfect shape and he’d insisted on taking them home. Sam was waiting for them in the bunker; he’d stayed because it wasn’t supposed to be a complicated hunt.
After a vampire hunt went a little sideways, though, was not the moment Dean had imagined himself recalling all of that in his mind.
He felt like he’d lost so much time he’d never get back with Cas. He wanted to feel grateful because they were finally there, and he did! He just couldn’t brush away the guilt that came along with the feeling.
On the kitchen table, just like once Sully had treated Sam with all of his favorite candies, there were a variety of Dean’s most loved things. He saw a heart-shaped pie, then a pile of pancakes with chocolate syrup, a six-pack of El Sol, then —what? A heart-shaped salad?
. There was trust, there was stress relief, there was caring… everything he could ask for in a healthy friends-with-benefits relationship.
Dean used his shirt to clean Cas’ stomach and himself. Cas put his briefs back in place but finally stepped out of his slacks and shoes, leaving the socks.
When Dean’s fingers grasped his hair, scratching his scalp, he knew that was it. Climax hit Dean, and his body went still as his dick did all the moving in Cas’ mouth.
The shooting in his mouth was everything, and beyond. The pulsing of Cas’ dick on his tongue, being able to savor every hit, swallowing around it as it softened and wondering how that might feel for Cas, how his legs tensed and then relaxed—
“Hi. I, um, wanted to talk about the other day.” Castiel was self-aware of every part in his body. The way his hands hung on his sides, how he was too rigid on his feet. “In Nebraska.”
Cas’s fingertips pulled the waistband down, first lowering the underwear to only reveal Dean’s ass. He spied over Dean’s shoulder, biting it when he saw the even more stretched fabric pulling at his dick. He slowly released the tension and unhooked the border from Dean’s erection, setting it free.
Dean waited. Sooner or later, Cas would return to the bunker. To talk, or to ask for help on a hunt, or to offer help on a hunt, but he'd come. And Dean would be willing to confront him then.
It had been some time—7 or 8 months, probably—since Dean’s hands held Cas in them with a fierce determination that forever changed the course of their relationship.
Before it reached the coffee maker, Dean’s hand peeled a yellow sticky note from the table. Written in Cas’ handwriting, it said:
It hid in his trench coat for a moment, taking a cassette in his fingers from a pocket and placing it on the table, next to Dean’s laptop.
They didn’t mention it, even when they were alone. Not until four days later, when Castiel was the one needing comfort.
Cas’ heartbeat sped up in emotion. He was so in love with Dean. “I know you didn’t mean to. It’s alright.”
He had to endure at least five more minutes of torture, Cas looking so intently into Dylan’s bright eyes —he wasn’t even a real guy! That was unfair!—  and being all touchy and close to him, before they miraculously decided to go to the back of the bar.
In the cave, he watched cartoons while eating popcorn. He wasn’t actively waiting for Cas, he was just passing time and keeping his mind busy to avoid thinking about the mess everything was at the moment.
“I’m happy to see you made yourself at home,” Dean said. “Okay, this has always been your home, for the record.”
“Later,” he breathed out, tightening the grip on his right hand. “Got something different in mind for tonight.”
Cas woke up and they looked into each other’s eyes. It was like staring into Cas’s soul, just as pure as the color of his eyes.
Dean sat on his heels, feeling his thighs burn at the rest. He poured lube in his index and middle finger and warmed it up with his other hand.
Sam was in the library when the lights wavered and the walls, the floor, and ceiling trembled in the bunker.
“What? That he won’t want me to go back for him?” His voice raised. “That he was too happy to die and we shouldn’t save him?”
Although his hands were wet with Dean’s blood, Castiel’s fingers wrapped firmly around the grip of the blade.
“Yeah. I, uh, wanted to tell you. You can… You can take my bedroom. To rest. Later. If that’s okay. I’ll give you some clean clothes if you want.”
Cas snorted, but moved away and stood up. Dean was about to protest, but Cas didn’t let him. He grabbed the empty plates from the floor and said, “Let me take these to the dishwasher and brush my teeth, okay?”
Dean gasped softly in the kiss, heart beating so fast in his chest he believed it was going to explode.
Dean sucked harder, swirling tongue and distracting Cas enough for him to keep unclenching his ass. Dean moved his finger further in, remembering that
Cas gave a stringed noise, knees flexing and hips sinking further in Dean. Dean gagged but didn’t pull back.
Dean looked at him, and the way he drank the coffee so deliberately, not swallowing it right away but actually savoring it. Dean couldn’t shake the thought out of his head of how would dense, sweet, good coffee taste on Cas’s mouth.
Dean turned to Cas, who carried a bundle of clothes, mostly gray and black. Dean spotted the blue one, though, the one he loved so much on Cas because it brought out the color of his eyes.
Dean’s hand moved to Cas’ short hair and tightened the grip. Cas gasped slightly, his mouth open against Dean’s parted lips.
“Because I said that to your subconscious mind,” Cas said, soothing Dean's face like he was just a kid, “you knew you weren’t actually going against my will. Yours is such a strong mind, though, that you still doubted it. When you noticed something wasn’t natural you were going to stop.”
“Cas,” he almost whispered, already in front of him. “Are you alright?” He put a tentative hand on his shoulder, covered in blue molecules. “That guy was all over you and-”
“Hey, hon,” she said, receiving the plates he passed her, “why don’t you hang out with Charlie and Kevin anymore? And that kid, the one that’s always teasing Sam.”
It wasn’t one of the mixtape; which, by the way, listening for the first time after a few drinks wasn’t a great idea.
“I don’t think so. Unless you tell me something that proves otherwise. You were always using me. And I was always using you, despite my emotional attachment.”
The Empty pulled them in, but they pulled harder. Dean felt his muscles ripping apart, but he didn’t care. Not taking them home safe was never a choice.
After some fighting, he pulled Cas by his trench coat to get him to the portal that delivered them from biblical evil. He extended his arm to Castiel, and Castiel took it. Dean held part of the dirty beige sleeve, while Cas had his fingers secured around Dean’s jacket.
“Hey,” Cas said. Right. They were inside his head. There probably was a reason for it. “As much as I’m enjoying the view as well, we’re running out of time.”
Sam raised his eyebrows at the sound of Cas cracking up with easy laughter. They had to give him he was a good actor.
Dean noticed Cas exchanging a final smile with the demigod before going to the bar. He stayed a few customers away from Sam and Dean.
“Not the right place right now, but eventually,” Dean joked, using the hand that was still on Cas’ hip to turn him around. Cas grew bigger under his hand as Dean pushed himself against Cas’ ass, the other arm around his torso.
Dean cupped Cas’ cheek and kissed him chastely. “Okay, sunshine, don’t worry.” He took a deep breath, wishing that it was easier to make his boner disappear.
Who knew Cas could do well in a social situation like that? He was naturally kind, but where did he even learn how to flirt?!
Cas turned around with the glass in hand. He sat in front of Dean and poured himself some amber drink. “I’ve got something for you,” Cas said, before sipping from the glass.
And… there it was: skin of his lower abdomen revealed. Was Cas always so toned? When had the combination of words ‘toned skin’ became a thing for Dean and from what romance novel did he get it from?
It was a kink of his, the image of hard things through clothes, and Cas seemed like the kind of guy who would enjoy it. Dean liked to think so, at least.
They kissed lazily afterward, Cas collapsing against the wall and Dean holding him despite not being much more stable either.
Not even 10 minutes later, with no dirty dishes around and mouths fresh,  they were back in the privacy of Cas’ bedroom, lazily making out under the covers.
He approached Dean slowly and Dean didn’t move. If he was waiting for Dean to reject him, he was going to be even more disappointed on him. Dean uncrossed his arms and wrapped them around Cas, resting his chin on his shoulder.
Still buried in Cas’ neck, Dean moved Cas’ wrists to his right hand only, sliding the left one down his torso, hanging a finger in the belt loops for a moment.
“Right,” Dean whispered. It was 3 pm and he usually left at 6. If Mr. Novak estimated he’d be back after that…. Yeah, they had time.
Cas kept humming the beats of the song, imitating what Dean guessed were the instruments, until he sang quietly “
It was also a little distant, like so many things were happening at once Dean couldn’t wrap his mind around any of them. Like he wasn’t appreciating enough how good it all felt.
He got it, okay, he needed to save Cas as much as he needed to breathe, but if he didn’t rest he’d go nuts before finding anything helpful.
All the sensual touches and undressing didn’t compare to how kissing Cas felt. It turned wild and desperate, and Cas kissed him like that was his only mission in the world; like if that was the one thing doing it for him.
Cas leaned in and met their lips in a kiss, soft and chaste. With their mouths still pressed together, continuing to give brief pecks to the other, Cas put his hand on Dean’s temple.
Simply, easily, in the blink of an eye, leaving Dean as fine as he did when he first saved him from Hell.
God, he was despicable. It was wrong, and immoral, and weird, and what would Cas even think of him if he knew he’s sexualixing him so much without his consent? Or, like, without even suspecting that Dean was into guys?
Cas had a point: Dean had a soft spot for anything that could block his arteries. But that didn’t mean he couldn’t love Cas, too.
Cas only stared for a second before he ached for more contact and restarted their kissing, both holding their own dicks.
Dean sat, one arm behind his back to support him, the other bringing Cas in. Morning breath could fuck off, really. He gave him a peck and whispered, “I’ll start writing my vows when I get home.”
“Oh, I know,” I slide down further, nipping along his skin and licks a slow trail down his chest; “You want me to use a toy on you.”
“You are just saying that.” I murmur and she slides her hand to rest over my heart. I feel a sudden surge of affection for her, my face softening as I realize that her words weren’t just for my amusement, but genuine.
“Sam. Castiel means a lot to you, I’m sure you will want to give him a present when you return home. I would love to be part of that experience and shop with you. Plus, I'm like a gift whisperer.” She laughs, eyes creasing up as she takes a sip out of her cup.
“By the way, I admire that you are a hopeless romantic Cas. It really gives me hope.” He reaches forward and gently pats my arm, shooting me a soft smile.
“Cas.” He steps forward, reaching forward and placing his hand on my upper arm. “You are not replaceable. You are family to us. Through and through. Understand?” He nods firmly and I lift my eyes to meet his.
Loading the weapons back into the Impala, Dean was rather giddy as usual after a hunt. He was elated from the adrenaline whereas I was exhausted and Cas looked rather indifferent. Regardless, he somehow had coaxed us all to go out for a drink with the other hunters.
I fumble a little, knowing I would feel stupid just standing here as he paddles around in the ocean. I don’t even know if he could swim. I would be pissed at myself if he drowned.
“According to this theory that Sigmund Freud had, he believed that everyone is born as varying degrees of Bisexual. He calls it innate Bisexuality. He theorized that everyone swings both ways to different extents. So even if you are 99% straight, there may be that one person out there in the world that could change your mind.”
He goes quiet, seemingly contemplating my answer. I follow his eyeline and stares out at the now setting sun with a sense of comfort.
“Sam thinks there is a case up in Ohio. Just a vampire nest, something we have dealt with countless times before.” I nod, my voice soft.
I slide back up, brushing my nose along his earlobe. I breath out against his jaw, “You want me to fill you, don’t you? Fill you up with my aching cock. Fuck you until you are a sobbing mess.” I growl out and he arches his back, cumming against his briefs with a desperate moan.
“You don’t have to prove your worth to me. To be a part of our lives. You mean a lot to me and Sam. I know we have had difficulties in the past. But if you would like to learn some skills, I will teach you.” His voice is quiet and I can almost feel his breath on my skin.
“I learnt how to cook baked Alaska.” She nods, her fingers delicately brushing over the pages of my book with care.
“I’m sorry. For dragging you all the way out here for a ridiculous fantasy.” His voice is smooth and I immediately reject it, waving him off, “You wanted to come here for your birthday. Your choice. Today is all for you.”
Following her instructions, I let out a soft huff and limps a little towards the kitchen. As I hobble, my tight muscles begin to relax and I feel a sense of relief. Making my way towards the bedroom, I find her awaiting on the edge of her mattress. Her stance is proud and open; back straight, knees crossed. A gracious smile tugs across her lips as I stand in the doorway and waits for permission to enter.
I was more than happy alternating bites, feeding myself and then him. He was much more entertaining than the show anyway and the silence was comfortable. When it was just the two of us, doing things like this it felt natural. We were best friends. That’s what this was, right? But I honestly couldn’t help the twinge of confusion in my heart at the word, ‘friends’. It didn’t seem to fit right with the two of us but lovers on the other hand-.
With a gesture of her finger, I wait patiently for her to finish her sentence. She lifts her head, closing the binder and gestures for me to resume my spot at the edge of her bed. Kneeling down at her feet, she laces her fingers together and watches me intently.
“What is...?” He seems utterly confused as he pulls back from the intimate kiss, his black eyes now having completely cleared as they are replaced with the most luscious shade of piercing blue.
“I don’t need this anymore.” His eyebrows furrow, heart heavy, “It’s useless.” Turning on his heel, he doesn’t hesitate when Sam asks him to stay and vanishes without a word.
I slip into the bunker, the warm thrill of the turn of events still stirring within me. I couldn’t help the small smile that tugs at my lips as I pull my coat a little tighter and works my way through the dark hallway with ease.
“You aren’t feeling the pie you moaned about only a few moments ago?” He quirks a brow, clearly not buying it.
I let out a defeated sigh. He could have stayed long enough to at least help. I spend the first couple of minutes walking around blindly, not knowing exactly what I was looking for.
“Actually, I read this morning about an attack in Ohio. It sounds like a vampire nest. Fairly straightforward. I figure we could head out for just a few days, get it over and done with then head home.” He responds as my eyes drop, following the swirling liquid in the cup as I roll the mug between my fingers.
His eye brows furrow slightly and I feel a sudden warmth flood my body. It starts off as a gentle tingle, spreading out to the tips of my fingers and toes and I can no longer feel the cold. A smile spreads across my lips, “Woah, that’s awesome.”
“There is a 24-hour diner just around the corner. Do you want to go?” She asks, quirking her head to the left as she leans on the bar, showing off her numerous piercings down the curve of her earlobe.
“Then what did you mean?” I challenge, drawling my voice out to make it seem like I am less than interested in what he has to offer.
“Right. I’m sorry Cas.” I nod, not lifting my eyes from the plate. We both continue our meals in silence. A soft buzz sounds from my pocket. Digging into the fabric, I pull out my cell to see a message from Sam flashing on the screen. My lip twitched a little involuntarily. I slide it open to reveal a very short text;
She looks at me as if she waits for the judgement but I remain silent; I understood. She had been searching for a way to feel better and I don’t blame her for that.
Reaching the offset diner, I tug open the old glass door and allow her to bound in first. She looks around before selecting a seat near the back, the vinyl plastic seats comforting as I sit opposite her. She digs around in her bag momentarily before pulling out a lollipop. Tugging the wrapper off, she pushes it between her glossed lips with a hum. I couldn’t help the smile that pulled at the corner of my lips as I drag the menu closer to browse.
“What was that?” I cough, not finding it at all appealing. Dean on the other hand thought the whole ordeal was hilarious.
I always imagined that the first time I kissed Cas it would be messy; passionate and unsure. This is certainly what I wasn’t expecting.
“Fuck off, Dean.” I let out a low groan, climbing up from the cement and grips onto the dumpster to regain my balance. I brush my palm over my skin and wipes away the blood. I am tired and dizzy, and the last thing I want is to deal with another demon.
There are few things I can control in this life. Up until a few years ago, it was an absolute Trainwreck. But now, I have order. Peace within myself and a purpose. Sure, working at a coffee shop to pay for college wasn’t ideal but I was proud of myself for it. Even if I did step into college a few years later than everyone else; better late than never right?
“That’s it, cum for me...” I grunt, letting my head fall back against the unforgiving tiles as I feeling my own climax clawing at my stomach. I feel him shudder, Cumming against me with a weak whine as I follow suit. He leans against me, both of us riding out our orgasmic high.
“Why are you so nice to me?” I ask, seemingly out of the blue. I was genuinely curious, I was a complete stranger who she seemed to hang on to. She was in a foreign country, alone and hanging out with
The drive was short, arriving at a Walmart which was luckily only a few blocks away from where we were staying. Climbing out of the car, I shuffle through the icy slush and mud that was left from the earlier snowfall that day. The chill weather was less than pleasant, my breath puffing out in short clouds in front of my face.
“You know that Dean didn’t do that to hurt you, right?” I respond but his look turns to one of bemusement. Even I didn’t believe myself. Dean would never intentionally hurt Cas but the shadow of our father always reappears around the presence of other hunters. He once again become the carbon copy of the macho man that dad had molded him into and I always hated it, Cas even more so.
“For us Enochian beings, it is not something we often discuss. We are built as warriors. Not as sex objects. We do not copulate as we do not need to reproduce.” He responds and I actually feel a little empty at the sentiment. Life without sex is one thing, but being told your whole life that you are nothing more than a warrior, to serve a being you aren’t sure exists is another. Chuck really needs to get his ass in gear and give these angels the birds and the bees talk. Free will and all that crap.
“I... um-” I stand there awkwardly, wishing I was quicker on my feet to cover up the weird tension but with my uncomfortable self, I would not be surprised if he requested to move out by tomorrow morning.
“Dean, I'm not eating that.” I comment before he can even speak but I knew this wasn’t an argument I was going to win.
“My guess is that you are indeed a first year?” He comments, clearly a lot better at social interactions than myself.
“Miss me angel?” His dark voice prickles over my skin, my heart pounding against my ribs like it’s threatening to break free. I remain calm although memories of the sinful night flood back, feeling a longing, lustful stir in my lower regions. I ignore him, my eyes darting down to the porcelain sink so I don’t have to make eye contact because he could break me without even trying and I knew it.
Sliding from the sheets, I kneel hesitantly on the edge of the mattress between his spread legs. I lean forward, brushing my fingertips down over his waist. I could admire the curves of his hips all day but the unimpressed demonic growl that rips from his lips shows that he is less than enthused.
It isn’t long until I was a moaning mess under him, begging to be touched or to at least let me touch him but my arms stay pinned into the mattress. I lose my footing a little, my hips meeting his half way in a heated mess of sexual chemistry.
Moving through the snapshots, they grew more and more solemn the moment Michael began appearing in them. He appeared rigid, the smile forced.
Taking her blanket, I gently pry her from my side and lays her down. I gently tuck her in and as I’m about to move back to my bed, her hand stretches out and takes mine.
I let out a relieved sigh, dropping my bag in the doorway and works on shrugging out of my coat when I hear a deep throated; “Uh-um.”
I shoot him back a short smile, my eyes dropping down to observe my hands. I felt increasingly nervous now that I was talking to him up close.
“No way.” I laugh, shaking my head as she pouts a little, placing it back and darts off to help me load up on plainer necessities. Socks, jocks, jackets, jeans, toothpaste, all the things that would be required for a trip that was longer than a day. I regretted not bringing all my stuff with me after the fight with Dean but I had no intention of going back to that motel that night and having stayed at Gabbys’ place, I was left with nothing more than the stuff on my back.
What they wouldn’t see is the fraying cuffs, the slight fade of color and replaced buttons on a once exquisite suit. They wouldn’t know how carefully I store it after every Friday visit to Gabriels’ loft, who so generously provided me with the suit on my 21
Something in my gut didn’t sit quite right about these hunters. Although, I couldn’t pinpoint it enough to evaluate whether it is because I find them a threat or because the blond male keeps shooting me dirty looks. I shift a little on my heels, turning to Sam. He was sucked into the newspaper that rests on the handle bars on the trolley and hadn’t noticed Deans absence. I manage to catch his attention and gestures towards the hunters.
“Hey Cas, I know you have told me before how angels don’t really do the nasty up in heaven but what exactly is it like for you guys? Are you all these weird floating orbs without sex at all?” I know I had worded it like a moron but I really had loads of questions but not enough patience to trickle through them slowly.
“Really?” He seems quite surprised, brushing his hand over his lips to cover his delicate smile, “I would like that, thank you.” He bows his head ever so slightly in thanks.
I could feel my involuntary warrior senses tingle, both from being in the presence of a demon but also the intense passion of the moment.
The wicked, familiar smile tugs at his lips as he slides from my lap. He lays beside me, flat on his stomach as he seemingly waits for my next instructions. I feel a flush of power. It’s intoxicating.
He nods. He had this look on his face as he was ever so gently opening the cookie. His eyes would slightly widen, complete and utter concentration even over the smallest of things but every time I saw it, I was mesmerized. He looks up from the paper, his blue eyes meeting mine. We sit in silence, unmoving as if we were communicating silently. His eyes were always so warm and inviting, speaking a language I never quite understand no matter how hard I try. I lean a little closer, catching a whiff of his scent. Cinnamon and cardamom mixed with peppermint. A smell I had become obsessed with over the years.
“And you to me. I should get going.” I climb off the couch and she follows, reaching out her arms for a hug. After a quick embrace, I pull on my shoes and long coat.
“I mean-” He emphasizes the word, moving closer and I feel his naked, taunt chest pressed invitingly against my back. He slides one hand up over my chest and the other down my stomach, mindlessly following the line of fine hairs with the tip of his fingers. His calloused hands feel hot and my cock twitches in excitement.
I pop the candy like treat into my mouth, chewing for a few seconds. A sour taste hit my buds and my left eye unwillingly twitches. My whole face screws up involuntarily before I spit it back out into the cup.
I look down at him with a dark expression, sliding the angel blade across my palm with a wince. Grace glows from my palm, mingling with my blood.
She doesn’t respond but that doesn’t lessen my worry. I sit on the edge of my bed, twisting my fingers in my sweatshirt. It must have been close to half an hour when she emerges. She flicks the light off, clearly jumping a little as she notices me sitting on the edge of the mattress.
“Can I come in? I just need to grab my coat.” The request was small but I felt so much shame for how poorly I treated him. What should I say when he came in here? Should I just ignore it and pretend everything is normal? Jeez, even I knew that was a bad idea.
“Sorry, I just wanted to know if you were hungry? I was thinking of ordering a pizza.” He pushes the door open, hovering under the frame as he peeks into my room. My eyes graze down over his very unusual attire. He is usually covered head to toe; ugly sweaters, suits, you name it. Never had I ever seen him only adorned in a towel. A very
“Where did you disappear to this morning?” He asks, setting the mug down in front of me. I drag it closer, the sweet smell of lemon and honey tea flooding my senses. The smell was absolutely divine and Gabriel really had the right idea, placing sugar within my diet had allowed me to eat and drink like a human without the molecules unpleasantly settling within my stomach.
“I will go grab us coffee, you get ready to go, alright?” The slight slip in her mask is gone yet again, a fake smile plastered on her face that doesn’t quite reach her eyes.
I don’t know how much time has passed until I fell asleep, but when I finally did it was the deepest, calmest sleep I had had in a long time. I am woken by her gentle stirring and the slithers of light between the slates of the cheap motel blinds unforgivingly shining against my closed lids.
When we first started these extravagant shopping trips, I was immensely uncomfortable. I wasn’t use to someone showering me with so much love and affection in the forms of gifts but Gabriel has always insisted that everyone deserves to be pampered.
I wish I could make his pain vanish, even for a moment. I hate seeing him all twisted up and heartbroken over my idiot of a brother. I could feel his grip on my hand tighten, a shiver washing over me to remind me that I was still been standing around in the dead of winter in the middle of the night.
“Hey guys, ready to go?” I hear Sam’s voice from the doorway, stepping around the hood to peer at us.
We both laugh quietly and I hear Dean snap through the phone; “Asshat. What are you giggling about?”
He gently pushes my hand from his mouth, keeping his eyes on mine, “It’s delicious.” He comments. We both didn’t move and it took me a second to notice the cream that was still nestled in the corner of his mouth.
“Dean. I know it is the middle of winter and I expected the water to be quite cool, but even the sand is nothing more than soggy mud. This is not quite how Gabriel described.” He murmurs, “Even the sea animals, it is all just...noise.” He lets out a gentle sigh, obviously doing his best not to show his disappointment. I could tell with his fading grace that not everything had that magical touch that it used to, becoming human is a cruel fate. It’s tiring. Boring. Exhausting.
With her affirming words, I nod and finish grooming out her hair. “Now, rest.” She shuffles over, laying back against the plush mattress and holds open her well-toned arms; “Come.”
I let my eyes drift shut, focusing on the hum-drum of the wordless music. My fingers dance along involuntarily, pattering along the rough texture of my bag. I could feel eyes on me, surely perplexed by the fact I was in a well-tailored suit on a bus early in the evening. A student no less.
Despite Castiel’s duty being fulfilled; he felt a pull to the human he saved. Was he ok? Is he safe? He was able to drown him out among the many prayers that filter through his mind daily. When he was told he was return to earth to protect the human, he felt something.
He doesn’t look like a local, not with his form fitting jeans and loose tank top, donned with a leather jacket. Despite his rather masculine clothing, he still holds such a petite and feminine way about him.
As usual, it would just be the two of us until the opening at 9am. He busied himself with soft hums as he began to clean the dishes. I lean back a little to check him out. He was still fairly new, only having been here a month or so. He didn’t mind my loud music, sarcastic behaviour or flirtatious smiles and I didn’t mind his intense gazes and clumsy nature. It was so cute.
With a soft good night in return, I slip inside my room and falls asleep before my head even hits the pillow.
He grabs my hands and pins them down, not allowing me to touch and rip open that god forsaken uniform. I let out an uncharacteristic whine and I swear I could feel his smirk against my lips.
There was no way I could tell him that his birthday is tomorrow and I have absolutely no idea what to get him or even how to celebrate. Despite him having no previous birthdays to compare it to, I knew he must have this picture-perfect idea in mind.
“Nice, man. I call shotgun.” He grins, climbing into the front seat as I dutifully slide in to sit behind them in the back seat.
“We shall start with the usual. I do apologize for making you wait so long, I was held up in traffic.” Her voice is soft, dripping with honey. “Are your knees or legs aching in any way?” She inquires, her golden eyes flushing with concern.
I don’t answer, slipping in a second finger as I devour the sight that sprawls out in front of me. I curl and twist my fingers, the energy pulsing in slow, short bursts. He collapses into a string of delicious moans, fucking himself down onto my inviting fingers. The grace shoots through him like heated warmth, the energy exciting and pure. I had never done it to myself but watching as Dean squirms and is lost in a world of pleasure, this wouldn’t be the last time.
That knawing feeling is creeping back up and doubt is clawing its way in but I would be damned if I let it ruin this moment. Gay or not, I was working this out right now.
My interest piqued, sitting up a little straighter. Although this topic was completely out of the blue, I felt like things were gently clicking into place in my mind. I wanted to know more but what if he made fun of me? I gently poke at the theory, hoping he will explain it a little more.
“Sam doesn’t blame you for not knowing. He has grieved and moved on. All you can do now is be supportive of his new girl. He deserves happiness. You both do.” He murmurs softly, releasing me from the hug.
“Hello.” His voice was soft, holding a thick south Korean accent. It had slipped away when he was singing but I suppose now it was only natural to return. Songs could be practiced, accents can be whisked away with enough training.
Something catches the corner of my eye and I stop in my tracks. Peering through the small boutique window, it reveals a small nursery.
Without a word I shuffle to the right side of the bed, tossing him one of my pillows as he sinks into the mattress, pulling half the sheet over his waist. I watch as his eyes flutter shut, his expression so human as he reaches out; lacing his fingers with mine.
“There was blood in the sink, is that yours?” He asks and I can’t help but shrug, “It smells of demon blood, hence my question.” He covers firmly.
He drops one hand, grazing his fingers over the back of my wrist as I watch him have an almost silent conversation with the librarian. With that, the other man straightens up and his expression becoming bored and a little flat. “If that’s all you require.” With a stiff nod, he disappears out of the aisle. What the hell just happened?
“Great thinking Sherlock, there are only two beds.” Sam quips, dropping his duffel bag in the doorway as he shoots a side eye look towards Dean.
“That makes it the perfect time of year! We will just have to stop and get you something warmer to wear.” She laughs, peering over at my light weight jacket and jeans, “The last thing I need is you freezing to death on me.”
“Sammy, who’s that?” I turn on my heel, noticing that Gabriel has returned, steaming coffee and muffins in hand. She tilts her head, a small smile on her lips as she places everything down on the kitchen counter.
I nudge her snow boot under the table with my foot, a quirked smile on my lips as I squish down my own burger to consume.
“But-“I tried to rebut but he hushed me with a simple bite of my lower lip, tugging it out ever so gently before releasing.
No one had seen Dean for days. Without anything more than a note left for Sam, we were left entirely in the dark.
I swear and Cas just laughs as he watches me stumble from the water and awkwardly bundles up my sandy clothes. I make my way to the Impala where I fish out two towels and passes one to the grinning angel.
“How-” I start but I guess it really didn’t need an answer. He knew and there was no use in hiding it.
To watch as he squirms on the floor was beautiful all on it’s own. Demon or not, a writhing Dean Winchester is something to certainly admire. I cum mid-thrust, filling his mouth up with my hot seed. He seems satisfied. Even as he pulls back, an obvious hard on threatening against the zipper of his jeans and residue cum dripping down his chin. With a blink, he’s gone yet again. Leaving me to feel dirty and rethink everything I had just done.
“There aren’t really any beaches in the traditional sense around here Cas, but I have a place in mind that you might like.” A smile pulls at the corner of my lips as he nods in response, clearly quite thrilled with his decision.
I watch as he slowly uses one finger, typing Dean in before pressing enter. I couldn’t happen but quirk a small smirk at the flattering gesture. A smile stretches over his lips as he was handed his new plastic card. He holds onto it with two hands, following me out of the library and back to the impala.
The car ride back to hers is short, filled with her cooing and digging through the bags to gush over what she is going to wear things with and I listen, a gentle smile on my lips as I listen to her spiel of excitement. By the time we arrive back to her lavish building, the sun is setting and a darkness begins to settle quickly on the streets. Collecting the shopping bags, she thanks the driver and we hurry inside. She is bubbly and carefree as always, skipping in front and gushing about her own plans for the evening when we arrive to her floor.
A few short hours pass as I zone in and out of the program that I had switched to. Dean stirs from his catatonic sleep, climbing up and stumbles to the ‘living area’ where we were situated. He lazily flops down on the seat next to Sam. They half-heartedly swat at each other for invading eithers’ space before giving up and slumping back onto the cushions.
Dean clambers off the couch, fluffing out his messy mop of bed hair. He looks over at Sam momentarily as the taller brother slips inside the bathroom. He moves to stand in front of me, the laptop held protectively to my chest as I look up at him.
I could feel the heat in my stomach pooling, the precum that soaked the sheets only heightening the pleasure and with a low, very unholy moan, I came.
“May I join you?” He asks, shrugging his trench coat from his shoulders as he discards it on the chair beside me.
response.” She flaps the ears as if to entertain herself before a lightbulb goes off in her head, “I’ve got it!” She announces, stopping in her tracks to face me.
“I don’t think so. Maybe he is meeting up with someone? Or hunting a small case?” I offer, but I know as little information as he does. I text back a simple
“Cas buddy. Listen. We just came at the wrong time of year, alright?” I clap him on the shoulder, tilting my head a little in hopes of catching his wandering eye line.
“On your knees.” He breathes out in a hushed tone. I had thought about this moment since the first time I saw him and it was everything I could imagine and more.
“Because we both needed it. My intentions are private regardless. It shouldn’t matter to you what I do. We are just friends, right?” The words sound even worse pulling from his lips. Like a dagger through my heart but he was right. Who was I to tell him off for acting on his human urges for comfort?
The minutes slip by into hours and before I know it, we pull into a muddy carpark. Cars were vastly spaced apart and it looks like the store had just opened only a few minutes prior which is convenient timing. Begrudgingly slipping from the warmth of the small car, I stretch out my legs and shiver a little, crossing my arms over my chest.
“Dean, please-” I reach to grapple at his own jeans but simply in a blink they are completely gone along with his boxers. He is left in just his leather jacket and a slight too big shirt. He takes a moment, spitting onto his palm and begins to work my length, slow and purposeful to slick it up for entrance.
The man easily towers over me; he is at least 6”4 without a doubt. Long features, dark hair falling in his eyes as he shoots me a warm smile; dressed in plain flannel and dark, worn jeans.
This was the closest feeling I had ever gotten to being asleep. Whilst I could control my dreams, unlike a human, I felt it was almost the same experience.
“Trenchcoat. Seems like the waitress is into you. You gonna hit that?” Dan jokes rather loudly, earning laughter from both Dean and Brent. Cas looks over at the waitress across the room and shoots her a small smile before redirecting his attention to the older gentlemen.
Now his mostly naked body is etched into my brain, burned into the back of my eyelids. Those repressed, lustful feelings that I always have buried deep down inside me are clawing their way out.
“Can you keep going?” She asks softly, voice edged with such pain and sadness. I couldn’t help to oblige.
“Sweetheart, if you are up for the topic; I would like to talk more about the boy I selected for you.” Her golden gaze meets my own and I feel my heart leap at the words.
“You remember how we went to the library?” I ask and he nods, patiently waiting for me to explain, “Well, I went there because of this article that Sammy had told me about-”
“Come on man, they taste good!” He responds, pushing a second one into his mouth as he picks up a third, moving closer and holding it out to me.
“I tried to do some research on it but there is so much on the topic, so much speculation. I tried to ignore it but-” She seems to lose her train of thought, pressing her palms flat on my chest and pushes away gently. She sits up, her sweater hanging loosely off her shoulder as she tries to smooth down her bed-head.
She peers over at me, her face lighting up in absolute bliss. “Oh my love, this is perfect.” She purrs, “Such a good boy for me.” My heart warms, fighting off a smile.
My face contorts, eyebrows furrowing as I pull myself from the edge of the memory foam. A tumbling feeling rises in my stomach and I stagger to the kitchen, gripping at the metal basin of the sink. My knuckles turn white, goose bumps rising over my spine.
“Happy? I guess so.” I frown a little, placing my box down and wipes the film of grease off my palms and onto my sweats.
He looks over the cover with soft eyes before collecting the rest from my arms and places the stack down on the ground beside us. It was then that his eyes began to wonder, scanning the titles of the books on the shelves. It’s like it began to click into place for him and I suddenly felt embarrassed and a little exposed. I was hoping the other sections of the library would keep him distracted a little longer but I was seemingly mistaken.
“Excuse you, do you really thing Ro would be interested in this nonsense?” She quips, finally finding the show she is looking for.
She takes the satin gown from my hands, averting my eyes respectfully as she slips off her fluffy towel and pulls on her sleepwear. Uncurling the nest of wet hair, she takes a seat at her vintage vanity.
“First year?” I ask, my eyes landing on the law books he is pushing back into his backpack, “Second, actually.” He corrects.
I climb into the backseat as Sam took his position in the passenger seat. As time began to tick by, I was content to simply stare at the Walmart door until Dean emerged but Sam wasn’t nearly as patient. He pulls out his phone, gesturing for me to scoot forward so he could continue teaching me how to work the device. It was nice that he was working so hard to distract me from fleeing the vehicle and trying to hunt him down.
“Why here? Wouldn’t someone like you want to travel to the tourist parts of the US?” I ask, not looking up from the laminated pages.
“Whatever.” I roll my eyes, a playful smile tugging up the corners of my lips, “We are not having sex tonight, I feel like shit. Come back tomorrow.” I tell him, sinking back into my inviting sheets without hesitation.
“When I woke up, I had lost all memories from prior to the accident. All I remember is waking up in the hospital, I-” She squeezes my hand a little tighter, “I was told everything about myself by the few friends I apparently have, but I don’t remember them. They tried to jog my memory as I had no family to lean on. My parents died a few years ago and I don’t even remember them. No matter how hard I tried to return to my normal life, I felt like I didn’t fit in there. So, I packed up everything and just left. Since then I have been wandering from city to city and that’s when I met you in that bar. You are the first person to feel familiar to me since I woke up even though we have never met.” She sighs softly, “Sometimes when I fall asleep, I go back to the only thing I remember before the hospital. Floating in absolute nothingness, so alone and trapped in darkness. It’s...” She trails off, obviously not wanting to continue. Her left hand still clutching mine for support, she uses the edge of her sleeve to catch the stray tears that fall. “Sorry.” She mumbles, hastily brushing them away, eyes darting to stare out the window as a distraction.
He never gave me pep talks before a fight. How was this hunt going to be any different from the last ones? Before I had much more time to mull over his words, Sam re-emerges from the bathroom and with a final collection of boots, keys, wallets and phones, we were out the door and piling back into the Impala.
So a search had begun. The amulet firm in his grasp he began to look for answers he would never find. Hitting wall after wall. Then before Cas knew it, he felt the soul he rescued from hell fizzled out. It was alarm bells in his mind; this wasn’t part of the grand plan. He used every fibre of his being to reach Dean in heaven, to make sure that he was alright. Cas communicated, hung close by to discover why they had been set on this path. Then it comes to him; Joshua. If the boys’ found him, they would be led straight to god. They simply needed to find the garden.
Here is a late christmas present! A second update. Because I had two days off I had more time to write so here you are :)  Enjoy~ And as always, I update every Sunday :)
“Mm. Are you feeling confident?” She inquires and I couldn’t help the more honest answer that slips from my lips. “No. But after some rest, I don’t see why I won’t be.”
“Call it a character flaw.” I respond, hoping the hint of humor in my voice would lift the dark cloud that shrouded around his slender figure. I saw a ghost of a soft smile on his lips before it disappears and for a moment, I thought it might just be the illusion of wishful thinking.
I look around in the darkness, trying to spot him but with my shitty vision I can’t seem to find him anywhere. I am too riled up and pissed off to stay in the same room as Dean so I settle on going to drink my anger away with tequila like a grown up.
Only about an hour ago, I had been sitting by myself. Still riled up and angry at Dean, having downed a fair amount of tequila by that point. Shoulders hunched, I was leaning over the bar and running my index finger over the lip of my almost empty glass when this petite blond came out of nowhere and just sat down beside me. She was annoying and persistent despite me not wanting to talk at all. She managed to pry my name out of me and ever since, she has settled for just drinking with me.
Breakfast the next morning is laced with tension and unsaid words. I hide behind the box of cereal, my bowl full as I gently brush my spoon over the chocolate pieces. Dean is hunched over his omelets, eyes downcast and curled into a thick mix of shame and regret, shaken up by a hangover.
TRIGGER WARNING: Please note that this chapter does contain a visual panic attack. It's quite descriptive so please keep that in mind. Thank you.
Diving to the depths of peril, the righteous soul shone so bright it was blinding. Even tucked in the very corners of the fiery pits; It was weak, but persistent. Like a man who wouldn’t break, a man who would fight until the very end.
in the bathroom didn’t fade. His hot breath, the expert flick of his tongue. His deep, inhuman voice begging for me. The way his fingers slid along the bare skin of my back.
Roiling hilltops and mountains stretch as far as the eye can see. A vast lake surrounded by rocky shores and trees, not a dent of humanity having taken over this luscious place. I had only ever seen it once in person, but I was able to recreate the memory with ease. The slight pinch of frosted morning air, the smell of earth and grass mixed with salt water. I take a seat on the closet patch of grass, leaning under a shady tree.
“Don’t talk to him like that.”  I stand up and grabs Castiels’ forearm before he can slip from the room.
“Clarence? Why are we in this dump? Couldn’t you at least take me to a damn bar or something? I am dead for god sakes. I think I deserve a little better than a bumpkin ass view.”
“Enochian?” She breathes out my safe word and I shake my head, “Ok baby boy. Come lay with me until dinner arrives. We can watch whatever you like as a treat for you being so wonderful this week. Look at how thorough your book is for me, and you have been so great this evening.” With a swift movement, she holds out how hand to pull me to my feet. Lacing my fingers with hers, I stand and all but flops onto the fluffy bed linens and mounds of pillows.
“Hey, Dean.” I stop only inches from my door, turning back to look at Cas with a soft smile. His coat bundled in his arms, eyes full of curiosity. Although the hallway was fairly dark, I could imagine his expression in my mind. Soft and human.
“Where are we going?” He asks, his free hand brushing through his matted hair impatiently and I hide a smile. I don’t reply but I do turn to face him just as we step into the living room.
To be honest, I wasn’t sure which was more dangerous. Another hunter being in the area or the threat of an onslaught of demons.
“It’s ok, I’ve got you.” I wasn’t sure if it is just a vivid dream but I breath in a musky scent, my vision still black. Dean. I feel my body be lifted from the ground, my head lolling back as I weakly attempt to grip at his shirt. And then everything fades away again.
“Yes Mistress.” He bows his head to her, “Say hello to Castiel.” She coos and he looks at me with a warm smile, “brother.” He dips his head again and I return the formal greeting.
“Yes, just for you...” He chokes out and I let out a low, staggered breath at his words. My pace starts out slow, rough and unforgiving. He falls forward onto his palms, shoving back against my eager thrusts. He lets out long, loud moans and it is the most beautiful string of noises I have ever heard. I was greedy for them. I push harder, deeper until he is a growling mess underneath me.
As kids, jumping from school to school and hunting with dad, we never really had a chance to find ourselves. Let alone explore our own sexuality. Perhaps I was curious because I was attracted to Cas without any prior hint throughout my life that I might be gay and this was all extremely confusing. I feel like a lost puppy who is desperately searching for a label or explanation of my feelings and this honestly feels like the last life raft.
“I’m sorry.” She slurs out and I shake my head. Keeping her in my arms, I can feel her body slump against mine and her breathing evens out from cautious, shallow breathes to deeper, more natural ones. I stay where I am, my fingers sliding from her matted hair to gently brush over her sweaty neck. I push the hair aside to help her cool down before dropping my hand to rub small circles on her back. Resting my cheek atop her head, I listen to the soft sounds of her breathing as I lull her gently, swaying a little side to side.
Her tears dry up and she nuzzles into my shoulder a little, hiccupping. “I am so sorry I woke you up.’ She mumbles.
“Whatever Cas, just be careful, yeah?” He gives my shoulder a firm tap and I jolt a little in surprise.
“Dean. I’m serious. I see you work on it all the time. Don’t you think it would be a good experience for me?” I respond, my shoulders dropping as he climbs to his feet. He dusts the residue salt off of his hands, leaving the cans unstacked.
She averts her eyes, staring down at the file; “What my brother did is unforgivable. If I had known sooner, I would have-” Her brows furrow, a flicker of sadness brushing over her usually taunt expression, “No. I can’t change what happened. But we can try and fix it. Isn’t that right, babe?”
He stands barefoot in the sand, clearly disappointed. His lips are downturned, eyebrows furrowed as he obviously had this picture in mind but the result are less than satisfactory. He trudges closer to the water but his expression only grows more sour as I follow behind quietly.
I lean forward, brushing my lips against his. He responds, melting under my touch as I deepen the kiss. I explore his mouth with my tongue; tasting, feeling and exploring. My fingers slide further down to grapple at his hips, dragging his waist to press my aching length against him. I roll my hips against his in a fit of passion, a low moan dragging from my lips.
“Thank you. For coming to talk to me. I know the last day has been quite a mess but I would like to put it all behind us and move on.” He says with certainty, a smile once again adorning his lips.
“Ro.” Gabby breathes out, her expression shifting into one filled with such love and delight. She gallops over to her petite lover, pressing a flurry of kisses over her face. ‘Gabe-” Rowena tries her best to hide the obvious smile fighting across her lips as she ts-ks, fluttering her lashes a little as she playfully shoves her affectionate lover. Her attention lands on me and I feel a sense of shyness creep over me.
I remained still, even as he flicked on the bedside lamp to illuminate the small room. His eyes flickered, showing me that flash of emerald and my heart stops dead. His gaze ran down over my exposed form like he was planning to devour me. I hastily rip my arm from his grip and pulled the sheet up to cover my chest.
I didn’t have it in me to even be angry at Cas. This was all my fault and if those two want to be happy together, who was I to interfere? I had clearly lost my chance.
As it plays on, I realize I was more curious than turned on. But as the video progresses and the kneeling male pleads to be fucked, I could imagine Cas’ little, knowing smirk; the subtle squint of his eyes as he replies in a sultry
Balancing it out, she finally finishes up and pushes the cart up to the checkout. She insists on paying before we make our way to the car. Pulling off the tags on my new jacket, I shrug it on and I feel instant relief against the winter chill. Loading up the trunk with all the items, she pulls out a pair of gummy bears and pushes them into her pocket.
“Well, now that I am awake how about we celebrate your birthday?” I ask, climbing to my feet as I take the book from his hands. “How many times have you read this?” I was amused, brushing my fingers over the creased pages.
“I will be back tonight. Wait up for me.” I brush my bare foot over the trap, breaking the seal for him to leave.
I reach into my coat, pulling out my sleek angel blade. It glints and his eyes grow wide with excitement. I keep a hold on his hair, sliding the edge of the sharp blade along his cheek. Skin breaks, blood beading down over his skin like a blossoming flower. His tongue flickers out, the tip tasting a drop of his own blood.
He moves closer, backing me against the brick wall. His slender fingers brush over my hips, sliding down to unbuckle my belt. His fingertips hover over the button, popping it open with little effort and slides the zipper down in a slow and fluid motion.
“Dean, where is your usual music?” He inquires, pulling his hands from the sudsy water and dries them off on his pants, “Would you like me to turn it on?”
“Dean?” My eyes come back into focus, heat rushing to my cheeks as I realize that I had slipped into some kind of theorizing day dream about how to continue learning about this topic. I snort, pretending to be completely disinterested.
“That was disgusting.” I clarify, the sweet and sour taste still lingering behind on my taste buds as I toss the gummy into the trash can that was beside the stand.
It felt so good. I give in to his touch, my back arching into his hands as I silently beg for more. My cock twitches under the loose towel that now hung too low around my waist. His touch fades and my eyes snap open, the soft blue angel glow fading from them. I turn to face him properly and that cocky smirk finds its way back onto his lips.
“What you walked in on last night. I can imagine it would have been quite a shock.” He treads carefully around his choice of words and I clench my jaw.
When the morning sun breaks through the cheap motel blinds, I scrunch my face up defensively. I wanted to rest a little more but it seems with my body healed, there is really no need to continue sleeping. I look over at the figure curled up beside me, Deans’ messy mop peeking out from under the tangled motel sheets. I cover a smile, deciding to try and get in some of my usual routine before he awakens.
I was surprised to hear Castiel singing along as well. I didn’t say a word, I didn’t want to deter him from feeling like he can openly sing along to my music. It was nice. Usually Sam would judge from the passenger seat but Cas seemed more than content to get lost in his own musical rhythm. As the song faded out, I gently turn the knob down so I could speak without shouting.
He lets out another angelic moan which only pushes me to try and gather a louder reaction. I slip him between my lips, hollowing my cheeks and grabs onto his hips to allow myself to try to take all of him in. I relax my jaw, trying to steady my breathing through my nose. I had lost practice but in this moment I wanted to please him. That was all I could focus on.
“I know. I noticed. Perhaps we should just watch something ‘till Alfie arrives?” She offers, dropping her hands to gently tug on my suit jacket. I nod, the files now forgotten as I slip from the chair and follows her to the couch. She flops down first and I slide behind her, wrapping her up into my arms. She was so small she curled into me like a small pillow.
I look up into the cracked window pane, my reflection a tad pale as I feel something drip from my nose. Lifting my hand, I rub my sleeve underneath my nose and pulls it back. Peering down blearily at the fabric, I am shocked to realize that it’s blood.
“Gabby, hey. What happened, are you alright?” I ask, extremely concerned as I could hear her trying to muffle her sobs through the door.
She is already dressed in her pink puffer jacket, snow boots and skinny jeans. Her short hair is pulled into two loose braids, curls framing her face and her make up light.
By the end of the shopping spree we had put together a neat little box chocked full of presents; A digital camera, a “kiss the cook” apron (Gabby insisted), A gardening book and the first season of ‘Friends’ (Gabbys’ favorite show).
“Would you like me to sing for you?” I ask, my voice soft and I can imagine her smile as she wiggles a little deeper.
“Gabby?” I stumble out of my tangled sheets, blindly making my way towards her bed as she curls up defensively into a ball.
The apartment is quiet, the lingering smell of cigarette smoke and sex filling the usually floral room. Soft jazz sings from the nearby speaker as I shrug off my overcoat. Rolling up my sleeves, I turn to Gabby and takes the silk stranded bags from her delicate hands.
“Come on, I'm sure your boyfriend would be worried if you went home in this condition, yeah?” She laughs and I feel my cheeks heat up. Ah, that explains her lack of interest. She thought I was gay. I shrug half-heartedly, not wanting to correct her. I was enjoying the comfort of this particular stranger and the last thing I want is to spoil that.
I hope you enjoy! If you want to see what else i'm working on, feel free to follow me on Tumblr: @sweetteamultifandom.
“You bought me a present.” He states, fingers brushing over the delicate wrapping paper before ever so gently pulling it open. He is so careful as if ripping it was going to hurt my feelings in some way which I think is pretty damn cute.
“Uh...sorry.” He murmurs and whilst I thinks it’s a little weird, I ignore it and flops down beside him on the two-seater couch.
It takes me a moment to gather myself before continuing, “I want you to suck me off.” I breath out, my fingers lacing through his thick hair as I jut my hips forward a little.
I immediately redial the number, Dean picking it up within mere seconds. I was greeted with a simple;
“Why?” I inquire, closing my book firmly and I lace my fingers together, settling my forearms on top of the book.
“Sam and I are not a couple.” He breezes past the topic, returning to poking at his fruit. His face was scrunched up both in annoyance and frustration. I could tell he wasn’t happy with me still. His blue eyes are steel cold. Not the warmth I have come to crave over time.
“That’s fine, I am not really fussed where I sleep.” I comment, knowing that ‘sleeping’ is a loose term. A downside of having insomnia.
She is right, although at first this arrangement was a simple, non-sexual commitment between Mistress and Servant, it quickly blossomed out of that. We are now best friends and I was eternally grateful for her guidance and support, in and out of scene.
“I have been reading up on little space, actually.” I comment, my voice quiet as I let my eyes drop to the plush carpet.
My eyes flash dangerously, the darkness pulling out of me like a piece of string that someone kept tugging and unravelling. I take a firm hold of his hair, my jaw clenching as I push inside his heated mouth. I take control, thrusting my hips forward. A low moan breaks between his lips, saliva pooling at the corners of his mouth. Back arched, I continued to fuck his mouth to my content.
“If you don’t-” I start only to be cut off as he breaks into the biggest, most genuine smile I have ever seen.
He nods, shrugging off his tan over coat and tosses it onto the sand. Next was his jacket and tie before my brain begins to piece together what’s happening.
“No.” I respond, leaning forward to brush my fingers over his knees and slowly down the curve of his inner thighs, “I’m not going to fuck you. Not today. But I am going to make you cum.” My eyes darken and my grace synapses at my fingertips. It prickles along his skin; his eyes widening a little as his legs spread further apart.
“Are you not having fun with just me?” He asks, turning back to look at me. Lips parted, eyes hazed as he remains on an angel grace high. He looks so beautiful, so placid and pliable to my whim.
“Don’t know what? What are you talking about?” I let my thumb gently flick at the glass rim of my bottle.
“So you can parade troupes of women in and out of our lives without warning but the one time you walk in on us doing something innocent such as this, you freak out?”
“Miss me, angel?” His voice smooth as he breaks my concentration, forcing me to look up from the dirty gravel. My heart is still racing, blood dripping from the wound on my forehead but he seems less than bothered by my disheveled appearance.
I cover the speaker on my phone, a silly grin on my face as I look over at Gabby. Although she has no prior context and I wasn’t sure if she would understand, I say regardless; “Dean wants to buy Cas an Aster Plant.”
I pull my focus back to my sketch book, scrunching up the artwork I deemed nowhere close to acceptable and tosses it into my bag. Pulling at my tie, I let out a frustrated sigh. I could control how often I make time to draw, but it irritated me that I couldn’t find inspiration. I’m in a new part of the city, overlooking the water as the sun sets; how could that not stir up my inner artist?
“Ok, but please don’t pity me. I couldn’t stand it if you looked at me differently.” She mumbles, brushing my hands away from her face as she rubs her congested nose. She moves past me, settling down on my covers. She runs her hand over her face, sniffling as I sit down beside her. I wait patiently until she is ready.
Cas has spent his entire existence marching with purpose, dedicated to an entity he wasn’t sure exists. He has watched mountains surge and crumble, humanity flicker into existence in the blink of an eye. Free will was never a prospect he considered. It’s useless. It’s so very human.
I take a moment to gather my thoughts before responding; “Thank you, mistress. I apologize for my brass, thoughtless response.” Dipping my head down, she relaxes and gestures for me to continue; “I am thankful that you have presented me with such a wonderful opportunity to take on a lost soul of my own but I do wonder if perhaps I am the right person for the task.” I answer honestly and she lets out a low sigh.
I have thought of Cas intimately before. There have been times where no matter how hard I try to repress those urges, I can’t help it. They are always vague fantasies, his deep voice urging me on.
“Have you had a birthday before?” I ask and he shakes his head quickly. I make up a date on the spot. December 5th. He accepts it happily, seemingly excited that he was now officially dated for his ‘birth’.
Boarding the bus with a simple flash of my student card, I head to the back and slides into an empty seat. I settle my bag on my lap and catches my reflection in the glass. My fingers move up to habitually try and flatten my already gelled hair before fishing around for my phone. I plug in my earbuds, drowning out the surrounding noise with something familiar.
“Shut up. It’s none of your business. So why did you call?” I snap in return, wondering what the emergency could be with him being this calm.
Pushing past the revolving doors, I step into the large lobby. My dress shoes click against the marble floors, nearly every surface reflective with gold. It was a cheesy foyer, something that really emphasized just how rich the tenants are. Making the familiar path up to the top floor, I step out into the softly lit hallway.
In fact, as he finishes the last of his drink, he realizes he doesn’t even really want to be talking to her. There’s really only one person he wants to talk to.
“Of course I did,” Dean says fiercely. “I wasn’t gonna let it end like that.” He looks at Cas the way he did in Purgatory, as if he’s trying to convince himself to say something. “You can tell, can’t you?” he says. “Why I — how I feel.”
Dean stares at him, looking fond, and it squeezes at Cas’ heart again. He will have to learn to regulate that pulse.
“Cas, c’mon, don’t say that.” Dean wished he could see Cas’ face. “You’re better than any of them, you know? Any of the angels. You’re the only one up there who ever had a little bit of humanity.”
Sam hadn’t sounded surprised by any of what Dean told him, and he hadn’t asked any awkward follow-up questions, and he hadn’t even been smug or made fun like Dean half-expected him to. He just listened.
Dean hasn’t talked to Cas since he left the bunker. He still just gets the occasional text sent to both him and Sam. It’s only fair of Cas, of course. It makes sense.
“So, did your dad — uh, did Cas talk to you about going to school? And moving to, um, a different house?”
Sam frowns. “Well, it’s still part of the historical record,” he says. “It’s important to save it before it’s completely forgotten.”
Dean has no idea what Cas said his relationship to the kid was, and he kind of doesn’t want to know. He tries to imagine himself talking to those other parents, going to meetings with Jack’s teachers, doing whatever it is that normal people do.
“Chuck’s dead.” Dean says it sharply. “Killed the son of a bitch myself. I know what you said about killing, but I figured you wouldn’t mind it I made an exception for our favorite hack writer.”
He knew that Cas watched him while he slept in Purgatory. On Earth, he wouldn’t have allowed that, but here — well, he was human and vulnerable, and his companions didn’t need to sleep at all. He would catch a few hours of fitful rest while Benny kept an eye on the horizon and Cas watched him, and that was just how it was, unquestioned.
Claire looks over at him from the passenger’s seat, raising her eyebrows in surprise. “Uh,” she said. “You mean, now?”
Dean clears his throat, trying to think of the right words to say. “Claire, I’m, uh, maybe not the best person to get life advice from. But all the stuff you learned from hunting, those are still good lessons. About paying attention to what’s going on in the world, looking out for people who are getting hurt. Being the person to do something to help.” He taps his spoon nervously against the rim of his cup. “And, looking out for the people who care about you.”
The numbness that usually overtakes him when he drinks is there, the best medicine he’s ever had for sorrow, guilt, regret. But this gets through it, or maybe it’s just less effective than it used to be. This he can’t numb out completely.
“I don’t know,” Jack says. “There’s a girl in my class named Mindy who’s really smart. We might be friends. I’m going to take the test for Ignite to see if I can be in the breakout group with her.”
Claire looks up at him, and Dean realizes she looks genuinely awed. “It’s — it’s pretty impressive,” she says. “I guess I forgot things could be, like, that —“ She waves a hand in the air. “Majestic, I guess.” She sounds embarrassed by the phrasing, but it’s clear that she means it.
Chuck looks down at him with something like pity. “Jack would hardly say no,” he says. “Then again, I suppose he learned that from you, didn’t he? You may have rebelled, but you know how I wrote you.” He laughs humorlessly. “As a secondary character.”
“I’m going to ask you about something you probably don’t want to talk about,” Dean says, “so, you know, just tell me to shut the hell up if you don’t want to hear it.”
It’s a rare thing, touching a soul this directly. Cas doesn’t do it often. On Earth, there are much easier ways to tell whether someone is human. The souls Cas has come into contact with directly are mostly those of Purgatory’s creatures, who he knew as a twisted, terrified mass, howling with bloodthirst and pain. And before that, of course, a human soul in Hell, battered and sore.
“What the hell —“ Dean started to say, but Sam had already turned his back on him and marched back to the door of the bunker, not giving him a second glance.
Cas isn’t sure if he knows how to do it right, kissing, but he presses his lips to Dean’s and hopes there is some sort of instinct in the vessel that will help him figure it out.
Before Dean could say anything else, Jack hit the button on the TV remote again, and the studio audience “aww”-ed in unison over Danny and Stephanie’s hug. Dean felt a little bit sick to his stomach.
to him. “Hello, Claire,” Cas’ voice says. Claire has obviously put him on speaker. “How is the trip going?”
“Don’t move,” Cas says, pressing Dean’s hand to his cheek, when Dean looks at him in alarm. “Let me finish this.”
The Righteous Man has a soul that shone even in the darkness of Hell, and he has a face to match it, a body clearly created by God for a grand purpose.
“No,” he says. “No, there’s no emergency or anything like that. I just.” He takes a deep breath. “You were right. I have a family that needs me.”
“If I give up the rest of it,” he says slowly, “if I were not an angel anymore — the Empty couldn’t keep me here.”
Dean sends Claire a text message, letting her know she should get up early so they can get on the road.
“You won’t,” Sam says, earnest. “I’m really proud of you, Dean. And for what it’s worth, I know Mom would be too.”
Cas wishes he could say domestic life suits Dean. Sometimes, it seems that it might. Other times, Dean appears tired and haunted, eyes shadowed by the guilt he will perhaps never recover from. Cas thinks of telling him that Sam is alive. He thinks of telling Dean that he needs help.
Dean cuts him off. “I know. I mean, he always wanted us to settle down, right? Guess it’s not the way he expected, but. I’m gonna try not to screw it up.”
He says nothing else, because Dean has not said it yet. He doesn’t move. It’s almost like the two of them are suspended as well, in this not-quite-real world, outside of time.
Jack nodded. There was another long silence. Jack ate one of the cookies, still looking at Dean. “You shouldn’t drink so much,” he said. “Castiel didn’t like it. And neither does Sam.”
“So what’s the furthest west you’ve been?” he asks her. They’re heading out of the county on the 248, getting closer to open interstate highway, a route Dean has taken at least a dozen times before.
Partway through the recitation, Cas comes home from running his errands with bags full of groceries, and Dean watches his eyes light up when he sees the two of them together, this smile like he’s proud of them. “Is something wrong with the car?” Cas asks.
“I’m fine, Dean,” Cas said. He met Dean’s eye for just a moment, and then looked away. He turned toward Jack, who was glowing white-hot with power, and took a step closer to him. He seemed to understand what had happened at once.
Cas sets down a cup of coffee a few moments later, in a ceramic mug that also looks brand new. He didn’t make one for himself, but he sits across from Dean and just looks at him.
It’s because he keeps going over in his head what he said to Cas and how stupid it was, how wrong, to blurt it out in that moment. How he would take it back if he could and give it to him the right way, like he should have months ago. Cas hasn’t called or texted, and Dean thinks he must be fuming — he has every right to be — but he’ll make up for it. He will.
Dean cleared his throat, trying to measure the weight of those words. “I don’t think Lisa thought of me that way, man.”
Cas smiles at him. “Perfect,” he says. “We’ll put it up on the refrigerator.” But the moment he turns away from Jack, the dream is gone, and he is somewhere else.
“See, I’d been — been doing the same thing for so long that I guess I forgot how to do anything else,” Dean says. “Or I never learned, I guess.”
“You gotta take care of her, okay? I’ll show you everything you need to do. And this is short term. I’m gonna want her back soon. Jack’ll never forgive me if he doesn’t get to drive her again when he’s a little older, so.”
She’s right, of course. Sam doesn’t want him around, and he’s not there for Cas or for Jack, and now he can’t even do the right thing for Claire, this kid who isn’t Cas’ but who has Cas’ eyes, and who reminds him too much of himself.
“Alright,” Dean says. He looks at their hands together, at his gun callus that’s already fading.  “I’ll take that bet.”
“Yeah, I get it. Not the most impressive cosmology.” Dean never expected a more impressive deity than Chuck, really. When the angels first started talking to him about God, he already figured the guy must’ve been a little bit of a slob to throw together a world like theirs.
“You’re not asking.” Cas, for the first time, reaches out and takes Dean’s hand. Dean looks startled by it. He looks wild-eyed, desperate, almost like he had when Cas had summoned the Empty, but again, he doesn’t understand. “I’m offering it. And Dean, we can go
“Hello,” Cas blearily says when he picks up the phone, and that’s when Dean remembers that it’s much later in the Midwest, and Cas needs to sleep now. He feels so bad about forgetting this that he considers just hanging up the phone.
Dean takes his face in both his hands and kisses him again, and then one more time for luck. It’s hard to kiss someone who’s smiling so widely, but Cas is clearly making a good effort at keeping it in check, and anyway it makes Dean smile too, feels so damn good to see him this happy.
“You made a deal,” Dean is saying slowly. As he speaks, he gradually inches closer to Castiel with his hands open, showing that he’s not holding a weapon. It’s the way someone would approach a skittish animal. Castiel refuses to feel threatened by it and back away; he holds his ground. He could shatter this human into pieces, if he needed to. “And you cashed it in, when Billie was after us.”
Dean swallows hard. He’s holding onto the mug with both hands, in hopes it might stop them from shaking. “Came to tell you I meant what I said,” he says. “On the phone.”
Cas lingers longer than he has to. He feels as if he could get caught in this, like a fish tangled a net, and he wouldn’t try to get free. But Dean, he remembers, is only human and this will cause him pain. Cas withdraws his hand.
The sudden firmness in his voice shocks Dean like someone’s thrown a cold glass of water over him. “Sorry, Cas,” he says, quiet. He thinks his voice sounds pathetic, sounds small.
He feels overwhelmingly cheesy, wrapping up that little speech. Even Sam would be embarrassed by that, but kids like Claire, sometimes you have to hit them over the head with the moral of the story.
Cas nodded. “I watched you with her and Ben, and you seemed so happy sometimes. I knew that I had made a mistake with Sam, that I was — losing control.” There was a flicker of shame in his eyes, then. “I needed help, and I should have asked you for it. But I saw the way you looked with her, and you deserved your peace. So I couldn’t.”
“Not even a kiss,” it says. Sneering at him, those green eyes cold and hard, that beloved face distorted by something like loathing. Dean has never looked at him like that, not in their worst moments. “Not even ‘I love you, too.’ That’s all it takes, Cas?”
“Dean.” Cas reaches out, then, and puts a hand over Dean’s where he’d clenched it into a fist on the table without even realizing it.
He looked so small to Dean then, just a child who had lost his father, and guilt weighed like a stone in Dean’s gut. He’d been ready to let Jack
Dean smiles, and Cas thinks it looks— bittersweet, maybe. Maybe that’s the right word. “This is where we met.”
He thought, in the moment, that maybe Cas leaned forward, that maybe he looked like he was going to say something, but he didn’t. He just looked at Dean, waiting.
choices, man, and I know we say we’ve all made bad choices. I guess that’s true, but not like what I did. Not like hurting you and Jack because I was too fucking selfish —“
Cas frowns, and Dean already thinks he’s gone about this completely wrong, should have settled on a speech to make like Colin Firth proposing marriage. But the thing is, he doesn’t want to bullshit Cas, doesn’t want to be insincere. He’s good at that and he’s done it before, with other people, but this is different. This is infinitely important.
What he might’ve been doing, a year or two ago, was encouraging Cas to flirt with their waitress, and isn’t that just another thing to feel guilty about.
“When we found out about Chuck, about the way he was running our lives, I was so fucking scared of that,” Dean starts haltingly. “Because I guess, I always have been, right? Of the idea that I’m not — real. That I’m just whatever people wanted me to be. And then I find out I’m whatever
“Maybe you shouldn’t go,” Dean said. “I mean — we could go somewhere, before you do this whole little pink houses settling down routine. A road trip. There’s plenty of the country Jack hasn’t seen.”
He looks away from her, avoiding eye contact, and so does she. There’s more Dean could say, he knows that, but he also suspects that there’s no need — she gets it already.
Claire tosses them from one hand to the other and grins, pleased with herself. He watches her as she walks over to the passenger seat and sits down, watches as she carefully adjusts the seat and the mirrors and the level of the music. Only when she’s apparently satisfied with all of that does she turn the key and turn on the engine. She grins when she feels it come to life.
“You’re unbelievable,” Sam said. “You know what your deal is, Dean, is that you just want to be miserable. Well, I’m sorry you didn’t get to be a martyr like I’m sure you wanted to. Sorry you have to stick around and figure your shit out like the rest of us.”
Claire grimaces. She holds herself uncertainty, like she does whenever they talk about something uncomfortable, twisting her body so that it’s facing completely away from him. Dean almost worries she’s about to open the car door and go plummeting on to the road below.
Claire doesn’t have much with her, just a duffel bag of clothes and her phone. Dean told her not to worry about money; thanks to Jack, it’s no obstacle to pay for everything, and even to do it more or less legally.
“You too, man, come on,” Dean said, and he tugged Cas forward into his arms. He felt Cas freeze for a moment in surprise — they hadn’t touched, like this, since he came back. Not since the last time they’d been in Purgatory, actually, but Dean felt like an idiot for not offering when Cas had been to probably the loneliest place you could ever go. The thought of it made him hold Cas tighter, and he felt Cas’ arms squeeze around his shoulders, too, felt Cas for just a moment tuck his head against Dean’s shoulder as if he were hiding his eyes.
She looks almost shy as she says it, not quite looking him in the eye. “Yeah,” Dean says, resting his hand on her shoulder for just a moment as he heads toward the hotel’s front desk. “I think that sounds great.”
After Dean had picked up Cas from his impromptu babysitting gig, he’d asked him where he wanted to go, but Cas hadn’t seemed to be able to think of an answer. The guy might’ve been alive for thousands of years, but at the end of the day he didn’t really have that much life experience.
When he heads over to the table, Claire surprises him by taking out the headphones and sort of half-smiling at him.
There is pain and anger written into it, of course, and sorrow, so much of that. All that is engraved deeply into Dean’s soul. But there is more, has always been more, of love. Love for his family and love in a more general sense, for people he will only see once or who he will never meet but who he wants dearly to keep safe, which is a kind of love all its own.
Vegas started out okay. He took Claire to a couple of casinos, taught her a little about playing poker. Kid was a natural, of course. Then she realized some band was in town that Dean had never heard of and decided she wanted to go to their show. She asked if he wanted to come, but Dean said no, figured he would just be cramping her style and out of place anyway.
“Well, hey.” Dean holds out his glass, and she clinks hers against it. “That’s somethin’ to celebrate.”
When the Empty appears to him, this final time, the face it wears is not his own, or Meg’s. The face it wears is Dean Winchester’s, exactly as Castiel last saw him. That bit of cruelty is enough to make Castiel collapse, the composure he had been holding onto slipping, the happiness — pure and sharp as it was — draining from him. Left behind there is only exhaustion.
His eyes are wet with tears; Cas wipes one of them away with the pad of his thumb, and it feels like a miracle in itself that Dean lets him.
“You don’t have anywhere to sleep tonight, do you,” Dean said. He didn’t see any point being subtle about it.
Her voice is practically dripping with contempt. Dean can’t help thinking of himself at that age, the awful fights with Sam he’d had over college. He hopes Claire isn’t the same way with the other girls.
He can’t stand to hear Cas apologize again, that’s all. Not when Dean’s the one who’s done everything wrong.
He’s going to at least have to teach the kid how to throw a punch, if anyone makes fun of him at school the way they did Sam. He hopes Cas won’t object to that.
Dean wanted — he didn’t know what he wanted. To grab Cas by the lapels of his coat and shake him for doing something so self-sacrificing and stupid, maybe, or to wrap his arms around both of them and never let go, until everything that had been said was forgotten. But instead he stood there, frozen, until Sam clapped him on the shoulder and said something Dean barely heard. Then he made himself turn and smile.
Claire shakes her head. She’s got her hair, unevenly cut, hidden under a ball cap. The bandages have come off her tattoo, visible with the short-sleeved shirt she’s wearing: a grigori sword. Dean doesn’t remark on it.
Then he turned to Cas, who was looking at the two of them with a strange expression that Dean thought might have been carefully made blank. “Cas,” he said, and stopped.
It’s not like he has to justify himself to her. The whole thing is complicated, more complicated than Claire knows, and she knows plenty. Truth is, Jack will be better off growing up with Dean as a guy he sees once or twice a year, a guy who brings him presents and takes him to baseball games, than he ever could be growing up with Dean as a
, no matter what direction you started out in, and it would get Dean to somewhere where he could do some good and make a difference. There’s nothing like that out there for him now. This is a world that doesn’t need people like him.
“Maybe not. But we can figure it out together,” Cas says, with such conviction, and he reaches over to take Dean’s hand.
There was a cost to what Jack had done to drain Chuck of his power. There was always a cost. In this case, what Jack had to do — at least the way he explained it later — was basically drain all supernatural power out of the universe. He’d called all of it into himself, the only way he could become the equal of God, and then he’d taken Chuck’s power too and let it all go. And now all of it was gone, or all of it was everywhere, depending on how you looked at it. Monsters and ghosts and anything else that went bump in the night were gone. Angels, demons and anything else on earth that had once been human or close enough was now just ordinary flesh-and-blood mortal.
“Uh.” Dean had stopped channel surfing when Jody called. “The Real Housewives of something, I guess.”
Dean never read the book, but he watched the movie with Sam when he’d finished it. Dean never found horror movies all that scary, and this wasn’t like any ghost possession he’d ever seen. But there was something about Jack Torrance that did frighten him, and he could tell that Sam felt it too.
Cas smiles. “I have a life on Earth,” he says. “I have a family. What else in creation could compare? I told you what I want, Dean. Please believe me.”
This protective kind of love scares him, it still does, even though there’s less in the world to be scared of now. It scared him when he was a kid holding tiny Sam in the backseat of his dad’s car, it scared him every time someone he loved got hurt. When he was a kid, that love for his family was so big, that worry so strong, that he sometimes wished he didn’t feel it. That he could make that caring part of himself go away and run from his father, from Sam, from what felt like the responsibility of the world on his shoulders and just go, driving down the open highway alone.
The moment before it happened had been so sweet it covered up all the hurt. For years, Cas had been holding back those words, biting down on his tongue to keep from saying them. And now he had said it, and he knew that it was good, knew that it was worth it. But on the other side there is only this.
“Look,” he says. It feels like he’s forcing the words out a little; he’s done too much emotional talking lately, too many Hallmark movie moments, and he’s not gonna be a mess over this one. “A car like Baby shouldn’t just be sitting under a tarp in some garage, alright? She should be out on the road, seeing the world. But that doesn’t mean I have to be the one driving her.”
Dean looks at himself in the mirror, rumpled hair and pale, tired face. He’s got dark circles under his eyes and an unflattering amount of stubble. Lines on his face he didn’t have even a year ago. Suddenly it all seems so pathetic, the whole sorry picture, he could punch his reflection.
“That’s what you want?” Dean says. “Not for me. No more self-sacrificing. For — for you, that’s what you want?”
“All in service of a good cause,” Dean says, flippantly. He’s gotta remember to clear some of his old fake IDs out of the glove compartment, now that he doesn’t really need them anymore. “You know there’s other stuff you could do, right? Like, uh, finish college. Isn’t Patience in community college?”
He presses closer to Cas, kisses him, and Cas lets him for a moment before pulling back and saying, “I have to pick Jack up from school soon.”
They’re so close together, close that if one of them moved slightly forward their noses would touch. It’s strange looking someone in the eye this close, talking like this, it should make him want to pull away. He doesn’t. “Do you think you will?” Cas asks.
But there’s something else there too, something that wasn’t there the last time Cas touched Dean’s soul, seared as deep into it as anything. And that’s a kind of love Cas has only felt before from the inside, and as it washes over him, he knows. He knows it belongs to him.
“In the Empty?” Cas looks out of the corner of his eye at Lisa and Ben. Now that he’s no longer focusing on them, they seem to have frozen, like automatons with no one to perform for.
, but losing Kaia shattered Claire, and she just got her back. Whatever happened between them, it just doesn’t seem right. Claire hasn’t even brought her up since they’ve been on the road.
There’s a brief pause. “Yes, actually,” Cas says. “I knew the angel who designed it. I actually intended to go there with her, once. She found me on Earth when the angels fell.”
“There’s no aliens landing on Earth,” Dean says. “Sorry, kid. You’re not going to have a career in the X-Files.”
“Sure. But other stuff, too. Sammy’s got Eileen, Jack’s, well, that’s obvious, and you.” Dean laughs. “You’re, like, domesticated. And it’s just — I don’t know. Guess I never thought about you settling down.”
Dean remembers the way Jack had said that he just wanted to be a kid, and thinks he knows what he meant. He didn’t want the responsibility of the universe on his shoulders, he wanted to be something close to normal, with parents who protected him instead of the other way around.
Jody was one of the first people to call, after it happened. Apparently Patience had known immediately something was off, with the sudden loss of her psychic abilities. Over the phone, Jody had sounded awed.
, and Dean thinks he must’ve been right about that, because he knows Chuck didn’t write the way he feels right now. Chuck wanted Jack dead and he pretty clearly hated Cas, wanted them both offscreen for the final act, but the four of them didn’t give him that.
Everything he’d been through, everything they’d done, and this was where Dean ended up. Not dying on a hunt like he’d always imagined, not going out protecting someone and getting a drunken, roaring hunters’ funeral while his body was burned. Just a ghost in his own way, haunting hotel rooms, and letting down the people he —
“What are you drawing?” he asks. It’s not real, it’s not real, but Jack is looking at him with wide eyes and he can’t resist playing along.
“That’s okay,” Claire says, not asking any follow-up questions. “I just needed to get away for a little bit.”
Claire seems to have mostly lost interest in the conversation. She’s looking at the TV, which has moved on to a program about the giant squid. Dean decides he doesn’t want to risk asking who created those.
It wasn’t like he hadn’t thought about it, over the years, hadn’t wondered if there was any chance Cas thought about it too. Cas, well, he never seemed to want anyone in that way. Or at least Dean had convinced himself he didn’t; if he were going to be honest with himself, there were times when he thought he could see it, when Cas looked at him. More than anything, maybe, the thing that had kept him from looking too closely at it was the knowledge that with Cas, it could not be like what Dean had with Benny, or the things he’d done when he was a demon, or the handful of other times with men whose names he didn’t have to remember. Things with him and Cas were always serious, and this would be
Cas’ fault,” she says. “Like, don’t get me wrong, he made mistakes. But my dad is the one who had a kid and decided he wanted to go off on some divine mission. And my mom is the one who dumped me on someone else’s doorstep so she could go looking for him.”
She pauses, fiddling with the string of the hoodie she’s wearing. “What happened to my parents, it’s not — not
“I don’t know,” he says, despairingly. He’s used that tactic in the past, buying flowers, but it’s not what you do for a gesture or an apology that actually
“The Empty would come for you when you had a moment of real happiness, that was the deal,” Dean says. A strange expression comes over his face as he says it. “And you said — do you remember what you said to me, Cas? Can you try and remember?”
Dean just waits for the real answer. The last time Sam got serious about a woman — well, Dean always wondered if there was something going on between him and Rowena, but Sam said it wasn’t like that. So it must have been Amelia, and Sam, in classic Winchester fashion, chose hunting over her. Dean thought Eileen was a good fit for Sam because he wouldn’t have to make the choice. But now, hunting isn’t an option anymore. There’s no barrier to Sam settling down, if that’s what he wants to do.
He’s killed enough that some essential part of him should be dead too, should be burned away. But still he knows Dean Winchester when he sees him again. Cas would know him anywhere. And Dean, the real Dean, he can’t hurt.
Claire shows up at the bunker a day before Dean was planning to leave, with her hair cut short and a fresh tattoo on her left arm under a bandage.
“Yes ma’am,” he says, not feeling up to explaining the whole situation with Claire. Besides, he is here alone for the night. “Dean. Nice to meet you.”
The house is white on the inside, too. Very white — all of the walls, and there isn’t an item of decoration on any of them. There’s a few boxes lined up against the side of the living room that haven’t been unpacked.
Dean nodded. “And what about, you know, the human lifespan?” he said tentatively. “You cool with just knowing you’re going to die in what’s basically the blink of an eye for you?”
. Like, if you could be anyone, and use any name you wanted, that’s what you go with?” She shakes her head. “And he spent all of his time writing books about
Castiel is in the passenger seat of the Impala, driving along some winding country road. Dean is in the drivers’ seat, drumming his fingers on the wheel in tune to the song on the radio. Cas looks out the window, watching the rows of corn fields and the farmhouses go by. He doesn’t remember where they are, or where they’re going.
Cas is standing over him now, Dean a little paralyzed by the uncertainty of what happens next, whether Cas is going to walk away or smack him across the face or — or —
Eventually, he falls into a fitful sleep, and dreams of dancing, swaying to distant music, surrounded by angels’ wings.
is real, this one thing in the universe, untouched by God or anything else. And as he thinks it, he knows the answer.
A few years ago, Sam would’ve said something about how it wasn’t too late for Dean to settle down, get married, have a couple of rugrats. He would’ve been half-joking, because they knew it’d never happen, half-sincere, because he always wanted to goad Dean into talking about things like that. “Come on,” Sam says now. “You know that isn’t true. Jack’s a Winchester.”
“And you boys raised him right,” Jody said. She laughed, then, a watery unsteady laugh. “Well. Holy shit. I — I got a room full of hunters to break the news to. We’ll start getting the word out, I guess.”
Dean made himself get up then, as weighed down as his body still felt, and took a step toward Jack. “Hey, kid,” he started to say, but Jack shook his head, backing away from him.
It’s easier to say, talking this quietly and this close, like the words being just between them means they aren’t dangerous. Maybe they aren’t.
Dean gets a lot of looks when he pulls up to pick Jack up from school in the Impala. Most of them admiring, a few more in the vicinity of hostile. Cas warned him the car would be a little out of place, which was probably an understatement, considering the number of minivans in this parking lot. He had to call the principal and get special permission for Dean to be allowed to do this.
The thing that’s difficult about Vegas — no clocks and no windows in the casinos. He’s not totally sure what time Claire said she’d be back, and he’s not totally sure how long he’s been drinking, either.
Oh, that catches Dean off guard — he hasn’t spoken to Jack since he and Cas left the bunker. Not like he’s avoiding it, he just — hasn’t called. He probably should’ve called.
Dean doesn’t see Claire for the rest of the night, and he doesn’t knock on the door of the hotel room next to his and demand that she explain herself. Instead, he stays up half the night wallowing, feeling sorry for himself and feeling like shit about it.
“Yeah,” Sam says, “but you know what I need you to do? I need you to take care of yourself, okay? I need you to try your best to be happy. And I’ll do the same thing.”
Castiel doesn’t understand what he did wrong, at the club Dean took him to. Sexual interaction between humans is based on connection and emotional resonance, in his understanding. That is why God created it. He doesn’t understand why the woman was offended by the offer of human connection rather than mindless sexual congress. Certainly the latter occurs frequently, but Castiel can’t imagine it is truly pleasurable.
“I guess so,” he says, and why not, why not let this woman he’ll never see again think what she wants about him? He knocks back most of the drink she bought for him. “Not married, like I said, but there’s… well, it’s a complicated situation. There’s a kid involved.” And technically, of course, that’s true, though she couldn’t know how complicated. “Just have to decide what I want, I think.”
“Okay,” Claire says when he pulls up in front of the house — not in the driveway, which would feel weirdly like an intrusion. “Give me the keys, and I guess you can just like, text me when I should come back.”
Castiel falls from grace a final time without much ceremony. The remains of his angelic energy burn away from him, and in its wake there is only a human soul that was never meant to be there, one that has been crowding out his angelic grace for years.
The other thing that’s difficult about Vegas is that it makes him think of Lisa Braeden. It’s where they met, all those years ago. It wasn’t much of a romantic connection. They barely talked to each other at the time; they were busy doing other things. Just one of those things that’s based on pure sexual chemistry. With the benefit of years that’ve passed since then, Dean can admit to himself that he never really thought about spending the rest of his life with her until he found out she had a kid.
Cas doesn’t deserve the way Dean looks at him, the trust he has. But maybe one day he could be worthy of it again.
He rolls up his sleeve, and Dean opens his arms in a position like surrender. He gives Cas a challenging look, eyebrows raised, almost smirking. Cas swallows hard.
“Bowling doesn’t have bases,” Cas said. “It has strikes.” He thought about it for a moment, then added, “And you don’t know what she’s looking for in a partner.” He put another heaping forkful of the blueberry pancakes in front of him in his mouth and chewed with his eyes closed, an expression of serene bliss on his face. When he smiled, Dean could see that his teeth were tinted slightly blue. “These are delicious, by the way.”
“I don’t know,” Dean says honestly. “I just know that I missed you so goddamn much. Both of you. And if you — Cas, if you think that I’m, all the things you said about me. Then I can try to be those things. I can.”
An angel falls to Earth for the final time, and in Sioux Falls, near an abandoned warehouse on the outskirts of town, a tree takes root in the embattled soil. For years, that tree will grow just a little taller and a little stronger than anything in its location should. Development efforts will pass it by, its branches allowed to stretch upward to the sun until it is the tallest thing around for a mile. Soon, people in the neighborhood won’t remember a time when it wasn’t there. A story will take root, too — just an urban legend, who knows how these things start.
It’s worse with Jack than it ever was with Ben, because Jack never really learned that lesson about trusting whatever adult is around to take care of you — namely, that you can’t, because they have to earn it. And Dean never came close to doing that.
“I love Jack. And I’ll always be there for him,” Sam says calmly. “But we both know I’m not the one Cas wants to follow him out there. And Jack idolizes you.”
He doesn’t think he’s ever talked much with Jack about his dad, in the past. Or only in the way he’s accustomed himself to talking about him with everyone, the way he and Sam silently agreed on years ago: rose-colored memories, focusing on the good over the bad. So maybe Jack doesn’t get it, exactly, what he’s saying.
. That tore Dean up inside like nothing else. That fact that the Empty had come was proof he was actually happy to do it, and that made Dean sick, it made him furious, because Cas deserved so much better than throwing himself on the sword for Dean
“Yeah.” She doesn’t sound fine. “I just need you to pick me up, okay? My phone, uh, the screen broke, so I can’t get Uber to—“
Claire certainly doesn’t look happy now. The last time they heard from her, which already feels like an eternity ago, she was thanking them for pulling Kaia out of a dying world. Now, she’s clearly in a major sulk. If Dean had to guess, he’d be betting on the relationship not surviving the transition.
Claire spends plenty of time glued to her phone, of course. She relays commentary to Dean from Alex and Patience, Jody and Donna. She gets text messages from Cas sometimes, too. He catches her sending him a selfie of the two of them posing next to the roadside whale, and Cas replies with one of those awful heart emojis.
“Yeah.” Dean’s shoulders slump slightly, a gesture Cas knows is one of shame. “I guess I tried pretty hard to keep anyone from finding out.”
He remembers this feeling — he felt it last watching Dean kiss Anna. It is similar to sorrow, and to anger, but that’s not right. He isn’t
Sam makes a sort of frustrated huffing noise that crackles unpleasantly down the line. “You and Cas —“
Dean’s hands are clenched and shaking, and there are tears in his eyes. “When I let myself think about what I’d do when this was all over, if it was ever over — I mean, Cas. You gotta know, I didn’t want any of it if it wasn’t with you.”
Dean cleared his throat, realizing he didn’t really know what he wanted to say. It had been easier in some ways to talk to Jack before, felt closer to being on equal ground. Now — well, the kid was wearing fuzzy socks and a t-shirt with the NASA logo on it that Cas had bought him, even if Dean wasn’t totally sure either Jack or Cas knew what NASA was. He looked so much like a child, younger than Sam had looked at that age, younger than Dean ever remembered being.
Cas is wearing the coat, even inside on a warm enough day, and there’s something so comforting about that familiarity that it makes Dean feel better almost at once. It’s worn over what seems to be a t-shirt and pajamas pants, which is incredibly un-Cas-like, but the whole effect is just — warm. Dean looks at him, with his ruffled hair and his tired eyes and his posture, still a little bit of that old military bearing in it, and loves him.
“Claire,” he says, “you can’t do that kind of thing. I’m — I know you’re an adult, but I told Jody I was going to keep an eye on you and keep you from getting hurt, and I can’t do that if you’re going out picking fights, okay?”
“You think that’s what I want?” Dean says. He’s aware that he’s raising his voice, and tries to lower it, and up doing something like hissing into the phone. “For you to tell me — for you to say that, and then I never see you again?”
He can see Dean thinking about it for a brief moment, and then coming to a conclusion. “So test me,” he says, spreading his arms out like he’s about to embrace the whole world. “I’ll pass.”
She looks over at him, meeting his eyes. “I know,” she says again. “I’m not actually trying to get myself killed.”
Sam is standing behind Dean, his expression frozen in a look of horror, and then Chuck appears alongside Sam. It’s Chuck that smirks at him — Chuck, or the Empty, or both. Everything else freezes then, too, Dean with his hand raised and his finger on the trigger, and Jack, soulless but still so young, kneeling and waiting.
Finished with his tutorial, Dean quizzes Claire on what he needs to remember, and she gets every question right. Quick learner, that kid.
“Did you make anything like that?” Claire asks. If she’s picking up on anything that’s off between them, she isn’t letting on. “Any, you know, geographic formations?”
He trailed off, unable to think of an excuse. On the screen, Danny Tanner was sitting next to Stephanie on her bed, probably imparting the moral of the week. Jack watching these sitcoms was fine, but Dean wished he could tell him that it wasn’t real life. He was pretty sure Danny Tanner never told Uncle Jesse — Uncle Jesse was the one he wasn’t related to, right? — that he loved him right before dying. He was pretty sure that would have made things a little bit awkward.
What he said seems to reassure her, because she puts a finger up in the air before taking a long sip of her own drink, indicating that he should wait for the pronouncement she’s about to make. “I had a stepdaughter,” she says. “
Dean  was drinking too much, sleeping too much, barely holding it together. He kept wishing Chuck would just appear to him and tell him what to do. It would be easy, now, to slip into whatever pre-written ending he had in mind. Nothing felt much like real life anymore, anyway, in this nearly deserted world.
“So. I talked it over with Cas, and I was wondering, uh. How you’d feel about me stickin’ around for a while.” Stupid phrasing, he realizes instantly, and tries to amend it. “I mean. Permanently, you know.”
They drive back to the hotel’s parking lot in excruciating silence, Claire only moving to pull back her arm occasionally and check how much blood has accumulated on her sleeve. Dean keeps his eyes on the road, unable to think of how he’s supposed to handle this.
That night, sitting on one of the twin beds in Dean’s hotel room, opposite the one where he’s sitting, scrolling through her phone during the commercial break of a show after sharks on the Discovery Channel.
He listens to Jack talk for a few more minutes about the neighborhood they’re living in and about all the things in the nearby city that he wants to do, and that Dean could do with them if he visits, and how Cas promised they would find somewhere they could go fishing. Dean says goodnight to him and, when Jack gives the phone back, to Cas, feeling the weight of Claire’s eyes on him the whole time.
Their eyes are locked, Cas not making a move to say anything or move toward him. “I think I can. If you want — if you want me to try,” Dean says. His voice sounds rough, raw in a way it usually never is except when someone’s close to dying. He feels like he might not be able to breath again until Cas says something in response.
know how that feels. He knows what it feels like for someone to walk back in when you think you’ve lost them forever, without your having gone to any effort to get them back. He knows how wrong, how unearned that feels.
Cas smiled. He was quiet for a moment. “Sam told me he would help me look at real estate listings online” he said.
Cas considers it. He could quiz Dean about things that only he would know, but he doesn’t doubt his own subconscious ability to provide an answer. A soul, though — a soul can’t be fabricated, not even by the Empty.
An angel’s true form, any angel will tell you, is terrifying. No human could understand its non-Euclidean dimensions. Angels manage to be both beings of pure light and chimeric creatures with too many eyes. They are both lovely and horrifying to look upon. Mostly, angels are energy.
Sam looked between the two of them, but as soon as he opened his mouth to say something, Jack had turned on his heel and left the room,
“Quit reading my texts.” Claire, across the table, angles her phone closer to her face, hiding the screen. “We talk.”
“Well, you could,” Dean says. “Or you could just bring her back next time you’re in town. I’m sure you’re gonna come visit soon, right?”
Claire doesn’t remark on the whole dynamic with the waitress, which Dean thinks is a little out of character for her, but then she returns to the table for the last time with the billfold, Dean’s debit card tucked instead it — and hands it over, with an actual wink, to
Her eyebrows shoot up in surprise immediately, and for a moment Dean waits for her reaction, almost expecting her to snap at him — but she breaks into a wide smile. “Wow,” she says, arranging it almost immediately into something like a scoff. “You finally got it together, huh?”
Anger burns in Cas’ throat, and he thinks of himself years ago, searching for the God he still had faith in, never knowing there was only this man. He had loved that God, in his absence. He had even read the books when he believed they were prophecy. Chuck is worth none of that devotion, none of the worship humans have for the God who doesn’t speak to them. He is spiteful, selfish,
“Hey, man.” The phone’s still on speaker, and Claire looks over at him curiously. “What’ve you been up to?”
“Well,” Dean says. He clears his throat, trying to dislodge some nameless emotion that’s clawing at him. “You, you could’ve picked a better guy, Cas.”
When his brain is working this slowly, it’s pretty simple. Cas is sad, and Dean could make him happy.
When Dean hands over the keys for the last time, he takes off the keychain he’s been carrying with him since Roswell and tucks it into his pocket. He’ll find somewhere to keep it, he thinks. Sentimental.
Dean realizes belatedly he’s probably signed himself up for years of sneaking in sex around a kid’s schedule, and the thing is, he doesn’t really mind. But thinking of Jack makes him worry again, still disquieted by the thought of what he’ll be asking Jack to forgive.
“My dad must’ve been really disappointed,” Claire mutters, and Dean doesn’t know what to say to that.
The story goes that a couple who carve their initials into the tree will lead a charmed life together. Not anything like Cupid magic, according to the little entry on this bit of magic written in the journal of one of the Midwest’s great hunters, passed down through generations of Winchesters to come. Nothing that interferes with free will. Just a little luck, a little safety, a little easier road.
be pretty cool if there was some island or coastline Cas had sculpted all by himself. Considering what God and the rest of the angels were like, it would probably be the happiest place on Earth.
He’d thought about going to see a show himself, but where he ended up was at another casino, He played a few hands of poker until he had won more than enough to drink top-shelf whiskey for the rest of the night. Then, on a whim, he started playing the slot machines. His father and Bobby, whose combined knowledge taught Dean everything he needed to know about gambling, both disdained slot machines. They were just a game of chance with no skill involved. But somehow, Dean kept winning until he decided it was time to quit while he was ahead.
That was the thing — Cas was wrong about everything he’d said, about how Dean changed his life and taught him how to love. He was wrong about that, because Cas was
He snaps his fingers. Dean looks down the barrel of the gun at Jack, at Cas still shielding him with his body. He pulls the trigger.
All angels know that humans, molded in God’s image, are His most beautiful creations. They know this, but angels like Uriel and Zachariah don’t really believe it. Castiel thinks that he does. There is something in Dean Winchester’s eyes, the angle of his nose, the sweep of his shoulders.
Dean winces. It’s not like she’s wrong — he can acknowledge that in his own mind, at least — but hearing it said out loud is a different matter. And Claire just says it, like it’s no big deal.
Eventually, he finds the block Claire mentioned, and of course there’s nowhere to fucking park. There’s absolutely no way anyone could maneuver a real car into the tiny spaces these people leave between their little sedans. It’s okay, Dean tells himself, he’ll just have to drive around the block and see if he can find Claire —
The waitress continues to be over-friendly when she returns with their drinks, and when she brings over their meals and Dean’s eventual slice of pie. The whole thing leaves him with kind of a sinking feeling in his stomach.
“It’s just kind of funny, right? Like…” Dean doesn’t say anything, and Claire looks at him like he’s missing something obvious. “Cassie… Cas… you know.”
He never thought he’d have as many people he worries about as he does now, never thought his definition of
Cas props himself up on an elbow and frowns done at him, and that’s funny too, Cas with his mussed hair and the horribly endearingly wrinkle in his forehead. “What are you laughing at?”
“Whatever, man. Cas is fine, everyone’s fine. Me and Claire are gonna go see some sights, and you enjoy your useless spellbooks.”
He pulls his stash of first aid supplies out of the Impala’s trunk and makes Claire sit on the back bumper of the car so he can get a good look at it. He realizes with relief that’s stopped bleeding and hands her some antiseptic wipes to clean the blood off.
That’s when he remembers the last thing he said last night, the careless little confession he hadn’t meant to make. Tossing out a drunk
Dean — or is it Dean? Something wearing Dean’s face — looks pained by the words, like they’re an insult. “Cas,” he says. “Can you hear me, man? This isn’t real. I need to you to believe me when I say — this isn’t real. But it’s me.”
Dean watched the car pull out of the driveway, watched Claire wave to him in the rearview mirror, and he thought
He watched the humans again, afterward, watched a pair of sisters gesturing frantically to each other as they tried to understand one another’s languages. Back then, Castiel did not
“That’s cool,” Dean says nonsensically. He’s being to feel increasingly aware of the shape he’s shown up on Cas’ doorstep in: disheveled, exhausted, and in clothes he’s worn on a day-long car trip.
Instantly, Dean laughs awkwardly and shrugs him off. “Okay, buddy,” he says. “You really have been awake for too long.”
Still feeling sick and shaky, he stumbles his way out back into the main room, where he rummages through his suitcase to find a toothbrush, toothpaste, and ibuprofen pills, which he swallows dry before making his way back to the bathroom. He hasn’t turned on any of the lights, but he flicks one on in the bathroom, hoping it might make him feel less miserable.
Dean grins at him, ducking his head a little like like he does when he’s embarrassed. One of his hands finds Cas’ again and he winds their fingers together.
“No,” Dean says. “I just... didn’t see her again. I didn’t call. And the next time I looked her up, she has this great career, and she’s gotten married.”
. I can’t even imagine it. But I don’t think she knows what it was like for me, thinking she was dead.”
Dean still remembers how thrilling that kind of thing seemed, back then, and how it took their dad about fifteen minutes to establish that the thing in Room 213 wasn’t a ghost, just an elderly long-term resident who hoarded old newspapers.
“I just want you to know,” he said, “when you said all that stuff about you caring about the world because of me, and all of that. I don’t — I don’t think that’s true, Cas. I think you’re just good, you know? And if I helped with that, that’s great, but — it was you.”
She looks okay, he thinks. No blood on her face or lingering bruises. Texting again, so she must have found somewhere to get her phone screen repaired. She looks sullen, though, and a little ashamed too.
“I’m still adjusting,” Cas said. “Obviously there are things that are… difficult. But on the whole — I’ve thought of this body as mine for a while. It feels like the right place to be.”
So Dean tells her the story, which leads into telling her about what Sam was like when he was missing his soul, the kind of thing you can definitely only laugh about with the benefit of time. They must sound at least twice as crazy as anyone in town to look for little green men. Before they go, Dean pays for the keychain, which Claire, thankfully, doesn’t remark on.
The thought of it is almost tangible, like a feeling at the back of his throat, so sweet in makes him nauseous.
Halfheartedly, Dean flipped off his retreating back, swallowing a lump in his throat, and then he was alone.
In his dreams he is back home in Lebanon, sitting in the kitchen of the bunker. The child sitting across the table from him is blond and missing two front teeth, maybe four years old, and Cas knows instinctively this is Jack, although he’s never been that young. This is Jack if he’d been allowed to grow up, to have a childhood.
“Hey, kid,” he said to Jack, who was standing off to the side with a puzzled-looking frown. He had a backpack worn over one arm. It was impossible to believe, looking at him, that he had been anything like the Antichrist or held the powers of God.
“Oh.” Claire puts another handful of Reese’s Pieces into her mouth and chews them thoughtfully. “That sucks, man.”
Claire gives him a look. “Dude, in the continued interest of not making it weird. Yeah, I don’t think I should come with you.”
The conversation had become routine by then. “Not a chance, Cas,” he said. “Family gets second chances.”
The whole town is decked out in tacky shit for tourists and advertisements for Area 51, and it’s sort of amazing. “God,” Claire says as they drive through the center of town, “this is so stupid.” But she catches Dean’s eye and grins.
“Good. That’s good.” He hesitates for a moment, fiddling with the string tassels on one of Cas’ tasteful, carefully lined-up placemats. “You call me if you need anything, alright?”
“Okay, stay where you are,” he repeats again. “If anything happens and you have to move, just call me back, okay? I’ll be right there.”
. It doesn’t seem possible, this concept in relationship to himself. Angels do not experience happiness. Angels do not experience emotions. Happiness is a human concept, and Castiel cannot conceive of what could possibly have made him feel
“Oh,” Dean says. It’s the kind of thing Sam liked when he was a kid, that Dean would drop him off at if they were in a big enough city and admission was free. He can’t remember a time when he didn’t feel too old for things like that, too world-weary. Stupid, really. He probably would’ve liked looking at the dinosaurs.
“C’mere,” Dean said, holding out his arms, and he saw Jack hesitate for just a moment before they embraced. He was so small now, not fitting into Dean’s arms like he used to, and he was just — little. And fragile.
“Wait,” Dean says. “I don’t know if we should —“ but Claire has already propped herself up in something halfway to a sitting position, and her phone is ringing.
“I just mean—“ Dean starts. He doesn’t know why he feels defensive. “You never mentioned that you were, uh, going to see it. We could’ve come out here sometime.”
“Jack,” Cas said again, “you have to let it go now. You know that, don’t you?” He said it very gently, but with full confidence that Jack
“Dean,” Cas says, harsh. “Don’t do that. I made my choices and no one has the right to tell me they should have been different. Not even you.”
“Do you really,” Cas says, in a low voice, and if there’s more of the sentence Dean doesn’t hear it because he’s already kissing him again, the best way he knows to say
Dean stares down at their joined hands. Cas could almost imagine that he can feel Dean’s soul again, under his skin, calling out to him. He will be sorry to lose that, he thinks, but he will learn to understand it in the human way.
Cas sees Dean looking around at the blank room and sighs quietly. “I know,” he says, a little defensively. “It isn’t much so far.”
. Dean told him about personal space and not always saying what you mean. He doesn’t — he wouldn’t — want this.
Sam seems pleasantly surprised to hear from him. He tells Dean a little about the work he’s doing with medieval texts on lycanthropy until Dean can’t take anymore of that, and then he talks about how he and Eileen are thinking of taking some time to visit her family in Ireland.
“Because I screw things up, Cas. I always have. When it matters. And you and Jack — you matter a lot.”
He’s expecting, at best, another eyeroll, but he gets a look of embarrassment instead, her eyes downcast. “I know,” she says.
— even permanent. It would be a choice that couldn’t be ignored or cut off later, something that would hurt when it was inevitably torn away.
Under the weight of Claire’s raised eyebrow, Dean feels a sudden rush of guilt flood through him. He should have called. And he hasn’t even thought about visiting. It’s only been a few weeks, but — he should have called. “I guess that’ll be up to Claire,” he says. “But I’m sure I’ll make up there soon.” He feels the bizarre desire to call Jack something like
She raises an eyebrow. “But something like that, right?” she says. “Did you lose someone? I have a sixth sense about these things,” she adds in a knowing way, and he can tell she never really did. Not that anyone does anymore.
“He explained a few things to the staff about physics,” Cas says, sounding amused. “I tell him, we should keep things like that to ourselves, in the interest of fitting in. But he gets excited.” He sighs. “I want him to have friends at school.”
“Uh, yeah.” Dean says. The driveway of the little house is just down the street, but Dean impulsively pulls off to the side of the street and parks some distance away from it, turning around to face Jack. He taps a hand nervously against the wheel. “So, look, when we talked about this I said that, uh, that living here with you guys wasn’t the right thing for me to be doing. But the thing is, I was wrong.”
“There’s one way out of the Empty,” he says. “There’s no place here for humans. It will cast you out eventually, when it fully detects your presence. You’re lucky the dead here are so restless now.”
By instinct, Dean looks at her in a way that’s just slightly shy of flirtatious. She actually twirls a piece of her hair around her finger, where it’s curling out from under her hat.
“I don’t know, man,” Dean says. The show, featuring some kind of ocean scientist getting into a steel cage to swim with sharks, is back on. “You could ask Cas, I guess, he would know.”
In the beginning there was the Darkness, and then there was Light, and the Light would be called God. On the first day, once God had created days, He divided the night from the day, and He saw that it was good.
Right, Dean thinks, and he ended up just like Bobby, didn’t he? An old hunter who should have died on the job, too much of a paranoid drunk seeing shadows around every corner to ever have a normal life. Except Bobby was a better man than Dean thinks he could ever be.
“Shut up and listen,” Dean commands. She slinks down a little further in her seat. Dean considers turning the radio down again, but decides Claire would probably just continue the pattern. “Her name was Cassie,” he says. “We met when I was in town for a little while, and ended up sort of seeing each other. She didn’t take it well when I told her what line of work I was in.”
Dean started, and then Cas looked at him openly, not looking away in shyness or shame. Dean didn’t know how he did it. “No.” He came up short, unable to think of a response. “I didn’t know that.”
“I don’t know,” Dean said finally. He and Jack still weren’t looking at each other. “I hope he does. I hope so.”
“And I didn’t save you,” Dean says. “I was gonna save you, Cas. I promised myself, I promised I would pull you outta there if it’s the last goddamn thing I did. ‘Cause you don’t deserve that. You don’t deserve to die for doing a stupid thing like loving me. And I didn’t get you back.”
By the time they cross the border into Oklahoma — Dean’s road trip route includes swinging through Texas and New Mexico — Dean’s got a missed call from Jody and multiple texts from Sam instructing him to call Jody back.
“Okay,” Jack says. “I can do that.” He pauses, then asks, “Do you think I did the right thing? Deciding not to be God, I mean. I know I could’ve done a lot of good things, but…”
weirder than a kid trying to illustrate to you with Legos what exactly he’d done to Heaven and Hell. Dean didn’t fully get it, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to, but the point was they were well and truly separate from this plane of reality now. There wasn’t going to be any crossing between them.
On TV, the special about the giant squid has reached a grisly section in which the thing is being dissected by scientists. “I think I’m going to go to bed,” Claire says unceremoniously, tossing the remote to him. Dean barely has time to say goodnight before she’s out the door.
Jack frowns at him. He’s holding his backpack in his lap, such a little-kid thing to do. He doesn’t say anything, just looks at Dean with an expression that says he doesn’t understand quite what he’s saying.
Immediately, Cas tries to sit up, to comfort him, but Dean pushes him back down by the shoulder. “Slow down,” he says. “You’re still recovering from — I don’t know, basically cutting your own wings off with a pair of rusty scissors.”
Dean’s still trying not to cry, and Cas brushes his thumb over the back of his knuckles gently, hoping to convey some sense of comfort.
“I love you, Cas. And that’s — that’s real. I’m sorry I couldn’t say it sooner, but please, you gotta know, I love you.”
There was no flash of light, no crack of thunder. One moment Jack was standing there looking the way he always had, and the next moment — the next moment there was a child standing in his place, a skinny kid with a floppy, uneven haircut who was maybe ten years old.
Claire nods seriously. “Good. Now let’s get going, we’re going to need a lot of caffeine for that trip.”
“Madagascar,” he says awkwardly, “you can, uh, put that on your bucket list,” and then cringes internally at himself for reminding Cas of his newly acquired mortality.
“They got plenty of those,” Dean says. He’s thinking he and Claire would make an odd pair sitting on the beach, drinking margaritas or watching the sunset or whatever people do. With Claire’s permanent scowl, he’s certain he would be pegged as either a too-old-for-her boyfriend about to get dumped or a divorced dad hauling his reluctant kid on a vacation; he’s not sure which is worse.
“And it doesn’t have to be — you know, I’m not asking to move in with you. Not right away, I mean. We could just start with going to dinner, if that’s what you want. I just want… what you want,” he finishes lamely.
It may not always be so easy for him to say it, but that will be alright. Cas does know it now, the same way he knows every other part of Dean Winchester.
It takes him a few moments of pacing around the front yard, but he manages to do it. He knocks on the green front door.
Apparently he’d made some changes to the global climate as well, dramatically slowing the timeline of environmental disaster.
Across the plastic tabletop, Sam is talking right now, a stack of newspaper clippings spread out in front of him. Bloody deaths of older men fitting a certain profile. Dean is listening, next to Cas, but Cas can’t focus. Is it always this hard, for humans to stay awake and alert?
“Right.” Dean pauses, trying to think straight. “I, uh, I don’t think Jody’s definition of making sure nothing bad happened to you included leaving you alone in Las Vegas. And I can’t leave Baby.”
He wants. There is something possessive about it. And hadn’t Anna implied as much? She was a traitor twice over, but she did know him well, once.
Jack had done a few other things before he’d let all the power go. He’d brought back everyone Chuck had disappeared, all restored to where they’d been before with no memory of what had happened. He’d brought back Cas from the Empty, too. Dean had been wracking his brain over it, driving himself crazy trying to figure out how they could possibly get to him, but Jack did it with a snap of his fingers. Cas was just there one moment, standing next to them, looking rumpled and tired.
Cas knows what he means. Cas wants to say that no one ever taught him the rules, that he wasn’t born human and didn’t inherit the weight of its customs the way Sam and Dean did. He wants to say that Dean never makes it clear where the line is drawn, that he can’t be expected to know that Dean can drape an arm casually around Cas whenever he wants to but Cas can’t put his head on his shoulder. He knows better. He keeps his hands to himself, blinking rapidly and trying to stay awake, but it isn’t long before he falls asleep.
They don’t stop, not more than they have to. Claire stocks up on snacks and coffee at a gas station while Dean is filling the tank, and that’s their fuel until the next gas station coffee. She doesn’t ask why the trip is so urgent, or seem to wonder why Dean is in such a hurry. She doesn’t say much about it at all, acting like it’s any ordinary drive down the interstate, even with  Dean pushing far past the speed limit on open stretches and dodging past trucks when the road is crowded.
Dean swallowed hard around the bitter taste in his throat, mixed with sweetness clinging to his dry mouth. “Yeah,” he said. Getting up, he stumbled toward the sink for a drink of water. “You’re right. I’m sorry.”
Dean calls Sam a few days later from a hotel in Denver, where. Claire had gone out by herself and told Dean not to expect her to be back that night. He made her take a knife with her and promise to text the address if she ended up staying somewhere, but it’s not like he’s going to prevent her from getting laid. God knows he ditched his family in enough motel rooms chasing girls when he was her age, and it’s not like Claire gets to a big city all that often.
He takes her through the whole routine of what to look for, how to change the car’s oil and fluids and check everything from the tire pressure to the windshield wipers, and makes sure to include a reasonable amount of cautions against driving too fast, too far, or too intoxicated, however hypocritical they might be. Claire’s a good student, listening intently, and she doesn’t even object to Dean’s shameless sermonizing.
kid. The same stupid, selfless Cas who asked for nothing in return for the fact that he’d once again saved Dean’s life.
“Hey, kid,” he said, awkwardly positioning himself so that his frame was halfway blocking the picture. Jack just tilted his head to the side.
“Well,” Claire says, nonchalant, “I thought you were going to patch things up with the guy you’re in love with, or whatever.”
She does, showing up at the car at nine on the dot with food and her duffel bag of belongings in tow. Dean takes the coffee gratefully and takes a moment to look her over out of the corner of his eye.
“Kid’s at school, huh?” Dean says, taking a sip. The coffee isn’t bad. Cas put a little too much sugar into it, but he’s had worse at many diners.
Cas used to have incredible tolerance. One of those angel things, that he could knock back a dozen shots before he started to feel anything. Dean wonders what his tolerance is like now, if he drinks at all. They only had one drink together, after Cas came back, a toast to making it through the end times once again.
“Right,” Dean said. He shoved his hands in the pockets of his jeans. “I’ll — I mean, Kansas City isn’t that far away.”
Sometimes, afterward, he would help wash the dishes, handing them wordlessly for Dean to stock the dishwasher. He would think of how years ago he had watched Dean do the same with Lisa Braeden and he would feel a kind of near-satisfaction, warm and bright, and Dean would look over at him and smile.
He says it with a little sadness, as if Dean doesn’t know, as if that’s not something Dean feels guilty about all the time, dragging Sam away from that life. And what did it ever get them, really? It would’ve broken Chuck’s plans right at the first hurdle if Dean had never gone to Stanford to pull his kid brother back into the family business. God, Sam was so young back then.
