"don't you want your hat? might run into some stray hawkeyes." Nat says, throwing the hard fabric at me.
"Yeah I'm fine, just thought I'd visit." He says with a relaxed tone, but I quickly pick up on some tension in his voice. I go and flick the kettle on, making him a coffee and me a tea.
I fall down on my bed for the first time in weeks, burying my head in my pillow.
"Captain?" a metallic voice asks, causing me to open my eyes.
"what have we got?" I ask, wandering towards Banner.
"same. I also need to tell Steve I won't be home for a while." I say.
"are you sure this thing isn't work suits?" I ask, smoothing my jacket before shrugging it on.
"good to know. want to come to my floor and watch a film?" Tony asks, uncurling his legs. his floor is like his own apartment - it has a small kitchen, joined with a living room type thing, a bathroom and a bedroom.
"well I just assumed you'd be sleeping with Tony." She sasses back, winking at me.
"yep. I'm not too sure why he's keeping it a secret." I laugh, rolling my eyes.
"okay here - you're in your 20's you need to at least beat banner." he laughs, wrapping his arms around my shoulders and covering my hands with his, helping me to guide my little character.
"come on, its your turn." I say.
"oh I'm not surprised, I'm shitting myself." I tell her. "I wasn't good enough for him as Steve Rogerson."
"I'm sorry." I mutter, placing my hand on his arm to get his attention. "I just know you don't see me the same way I see you." I mutter, turning to pick up my bag.
"you say, while I sit next to someone who literally fights people in a tin can?" I laugh, turning my head to nod at Iron Man, still wearing his helmet too.
"ugghhh my head is killing mee." Tony groans the next morning, rolling over and faceplanting my chest. Its weird sleeping in Cap's room, I mainly just use this room for storage. "why do people drink?"
"you better come back for missions." He tells me, prodding my chest.
"yep." I say, popping the p and running a hand through my hair to smooth it out.
"no need, I can sort this." I tell him, grabbing the edge of the concrete block and lifting it enough for him to slip out. I keep my eyes shut until I hear him move away, quickly dropping the slab on the ground.
"okay, ignore what this is, because we both obviously don't know, what do you WANT this to be?" I ask after a minute, swallowing the last bite of food.
"yeah, I think so. I mean, I've cared about you twice now, and only hated you once. thats gotta count for something." I chuckle nervously.
"I, on the other hand, understand. well, Stark did, he explained it to me. Very impressive, Banner." he says, flopping down onto a chair.
"bet sex is hard in this." she says with a smirk, grinning when my cheeks heat up.
"oh yeah. good luck finding some for the next while." Tony says, causing the blush that I've been holding back for a while now to make its way out.
"Steve Rogers. I was trying to keep my identity secret when we first met." I explain.
"yeah, no problem." I say, standing up and stretching my arms out, before following him out the door.
"yeah, he has a crush on your new target." I laugh, laying my suit out.
"fine." he sighs, wresting his head on my shoulder. "But we're talking about this tomorrow."
"Okay so they sent people to an island filled with dinosaurs, it went very bad, so naturally they did exactly the same thing?" I say, raising my eyebrows, my fingers gently teasing their way through Tony's hair. We ended up on his sofa, him in between my legs, watching the film.
"okay first, how long have you been up there? and second, don't you think that would maybe freak him out a little?" I say, sitting up.
"yes, I am. Steve Rogerson." I say with a sigh, holding my hand out to him as my eyes dart over to Tony.
"holy fuck?" I say, watching myself. Its not too noticeable that I have makeup on, but it makes my eyes seem brighter and bluer, even my cheekbones seem sharper.
"no thanks, I'm using it as an excuse for him to see Steve again." I say, grinning at the ground. I know its stupid - this is probably not even going to work out with Tony, and if it does, I have the problem of Steve and Cap being very similar, but its making me feel like a teenager again, in a good way somehow.
"Don't worry, I know the Avengers would crumble without me." I joke, smiling at him. "but really, I'm still here. You can call or pop by whenever, you're still my mate."
"Hey Steve, heard you were coming back." She says, grinning at me. I ended up getting there an hour early, instead opting to get ready with Natasha.
"ooh lets see! I know Stark's taste in men." Iron Man says, standing and running over. Natasha shows him and I very nearly curl up into a ball and die.
"oh wow yeah that really accentuates- well a lot of stuff." he says, his hand going up to scratch his head, before it drops uselessly to his side, him clearly forgetting he's dressed in a metal suit.
"jeez did he tell you who he is?" He says, sounding shocked.
"He does. I understand why you're pissed about it still, but Tony has a lasagne of commitment issues." He tells me, placing his mug in the sink.
"You know I thought you were him for a while." Iron Man comments after a while, smiling lightly at me.
"oh no. no no no." I say, backing away from her until my back hits the wall.
"I guess both." he chuckles, out of the corner of my eye I can see he's still maintaining eye contact.
"thanks. see you soon." I say, closing the door behind me, before scaling the building again to get back into Steve's clothes.
People are due to start arriving any moment, and I'm still pacing my room, my dress trousers hanging off my hips. Nat went down to check on Tony a while ago, so I have somehow gone into full scale panic.
"and you don't hate me. why were you always so stressed?"
"thanks." I say with a smile, standing up and straightening my shirt.
"why can't we just get-"
"Tony is going to be speechless. I'll see you guys around." She says, smiling before working her way back through the crowd. I scan the crowd for Tony, expecting to find him amongst the girls, but quickly finding him leaning against a far wall, a drink in his hand.
"Steeveeee?" A voice asks as the door opens, causing me to leap at the intruder, Natasha quickly ending up pinned on her front on the floor, her arm twisted behind her back.
"The material is waterproof and does well in a washing machine, also you'll want to keep that one on so you don't have to change each time we get called out."
"his vitals are dropping. you need to get to him, now." He says, and we all start sprinting in the direction he left, before Nat places her hand on my shoulder.
"um- yeah J call big green and Cap down." Tony says, his eyes finally dropping to the floor from where they were holding mine hostage.
"holy shit, that is one way to sober me up." he says, falling back into the sofa and making me laugh.
"you're ridiculous." I sigh as I lean against the wall, smiling at him.
"you okay?" Nat asks as she sits next to me, some doctors inching closer. I just wave them away, leaning back into my chair.
A creak comes from the kitchen, causing me to jump out of bed. "hang on, theres someone in here." I whisper to Tony, walking quietly towards the door.
"yeah sure, I just get into some more normal clothes. come on in." I say, stepping out of the doorframe and heading towards my room, hearing him softly close the door behind him.
"oh Cap, talking about Tony, I have a friend that I want to set up with him, and I wanted your opinion." Natasha tells me, scrolling through her phone.
"what are you going to do when Tony asks you how you got here by the way?" She asks.
Steve, who was sitting on Peter’s bed took a peek at their interaction from the corner of his book and found himself grinning. It had been a while since he saw Peter in such high spirits. He wishes things could stay like this forever.
“I see. That’s nice of you to say that about him. You really are a kind person.”
“Steve, it’s been a long time. How have you been?” Sam said, clapping a hand at his back when he took a seat beside him.
“Yeah, that’s right. And I was the one who liked you. For all three years, we were classmates and coincidentally our seats were always next to each other. Tony, you were bright, cheerful, cute and an amazing person overall. You were a genius. Coming up with incredible inventions and earning a number of awards even at your age. Not many people could do that even most alphas. I would always watch you with pride as you walk away with the prizes.”
Steve realized he had fainted and was currently being taken care of in a nearby hospital.
Watching a whole week worth of movies in one night was NOT a good idea. When Tony got up his whole body ached like he’d done a strict training session the other night. He had forgotten that he never got back to his room that night and fell down from the bed screaming when he felt someone shifting under the blankets.
“Hmm, I guess you can say that.” He replied honestly. That made her a bit annoyed. A sulky expression adorned her face as she continued her work.
At that moment Steve found his best friend to be quite….adorable. He shakes his head. That’s not something you think of your best friend, let alone a man. He was brought back to reality when Tony pokes him on his side.
“Tony? I thought you were at your meeting already.” Steve says amazed.
“Tony, please. Don’t avoid me like this.” Steve had told him one evening after they had just got back from some Avengers business they had to take care of. The super soldier had stopped him as he was making a beeline for his workshop.
He learned that Steve was an ex soldier who had an early retirement, working at a furniture firm. A person who was handsome, kind and understanding
Giving him another beautiful smile she handed him one of the chilled drinks in her hands and proceeded to lean on the wall beside him as she opened hers.
Tony licked his lips, it tasted of blood. It probably got cut when his face was slammed on the table so roughly like that.
“Almost done. Just wait ten more seconds.” He mumbled through the ice. Steve complied with  shrug.
Peter was looking out of the classroom window and up towards the vast blue sky. He did that for a long while since the start of his break time, catching the attention of his classmate, Wade Wilson, the boy who sat next to him. Wade approached the smaller boy and stood beside him, doing the same.
When Steve came back they huddled on his bed, sat close to each other and shared the blanket. Tony had a pillow he was holding onto as a kind of body pillow. He just liked having something to grab on.
“Steve, you okay?” Tony asks as he sat beside him, bringing his arm around for a comforting pat on the soldier’s back. The blond nodded, sitting up and looking straight at the brown of Tony’s eyes. His eyes were red and had bags under them. He looked so fucking worn out that Tony just wants to bring him into his arms. Take him home, feed him some delicious food and sent him straight to bed. The guy deserves it.
"You don't think you and Steve would both be hands on in that first scenario?" His voice lowers, and he gets right up to Bucky. "Telling him how to kiss me, or how tight to hold me down, while you're pushing inside of me? Or putting him on his knees to swallow you down and get you as hard as your arm while you're working on getting me to take a third finger? Come on, Buck, you seem like an imaginative guy."
Now Bucky isn't the only one getting hard. When he's not doing it as self-destructive self-punishment, being on the receiving end of Bucky's wrath is actually pretty hot "Really?" Tony says, unimpressed. "That's all you've got? Some half-assed, what is that, threat? To fuck me, bragging about stamina we both know your balls are too small to actually be capable of."
"Of course not." Steve chuckles softly. "I didn't expect you to take it well, with everything that's happened, you know? But if you're into him... I mean, it, then please. Please lemme watch sometimes?"
Steve's grin at the camera shifts and he bites his bottom lip.
He's still not sure what that's about but Steve smiles. "Of course you'll get that. I really like kissing you. And talking to you in general, even through text messages."
He braces himself for more and continues. "Mmm, yeah, actually I’ve just realized, I’m gonna go with 'gifted gorilla'. The tie breaker was that gorillas have one of the smallest dicks relative to body size in the entire animal kingdom."
"Do it," Steve whispers, throat dry and gaze stuck on where the two men are about to join. "Give him what he needs, Bucky, please."
If he hadn't been boiling under the surface already, he would've continued to play nonchalant, would've insisted the work was too important or he can listen just fine while he cuts wood but instead he sighs, irritated, slams a fist on the board and turns around. "What? What the hell do you want, Steve?"
He watches the other man's reaction as he answers. "Burgers. Like, the greasy, massive, would give me a coronary if I still had a heart kind of burgers. The kind of burgers that are probably banned in Sweden or something."
"I've wanted to kiss you the first time you jumped a guy who was so much bigger than you. Carl Gunterman, remember him?" He chuckles and bites Steve's collar bone through his shirt. "I still don't know why you wanted to fight him but I still have that scar on my eyebrow from getting you out of it."
"Weird is probably the wrong word. I just... I've barely been kissed, Tony. I don't even know what I like or want."
"Just you," he murmurs. "Even if you don't let me for a long time still."
That makes Steve kind of grin. "I'm glad you didn't deny either of you"
"Like what?" Buck turns his head and turns on the coffee maker before putting milk and sugar onto the kitchen isle.
That's actually easier to admit than the whole fucked up kinky stuff. He just shrugs and nods. "Yeah."
"It was right after he got pissed at me for pointing out that you murdered my parents, and right before he walked out on me. So, you know, good time all around."
God, he's too cute. "It was innuendo, Steve. Coming up for coffee after a date is basically code for coming up to screw. Which, for the record, I am not expecting."
Fuck. Bucky's hips snap forward at that plea on their own accord. The hell, why take it slow if no one really wants him to? He grits his teeth and growls. "I've got you, Stark."
"I don't think anyone- ... I don't think most people choose dates purely based on gender, but I get what you're saying. I guess somehow I've just always known. Never acted on it 'til uh," he taps his implant, "but it was definitely always there. And once I finally did act on it, I realized what an idiot I was for not doing it sooner."
can't afford to let things between us just... I can't just slap a band-aid on it and ignore it while it festers. I've gotta look it in the face and deal with it."
"We didn't even officially break up until I confronted him last week. He just stopped talking to me," Steve explains. "And yes, the fact that Bucky is back seems to have started all of this."
Nodding, Bucky pushes forward slowly, forcing his cock into Tony with a long, drawn out groan.
He groans again, hips pushing softly against Bucky's as his arousal builds. "Yes," he whispers. "More, Buck, please. Keep talking to me."
"And how are you planning on doing that? Stop loving him just like that?" He snaps with his fingers right in front of his face.
"Yeah, I love 'em. Drives my personal trainer crazy," he laughs gently and follows Steve to the kitchen. As the other man gets the machine going, he comes up behind him and gently but firmly takes him by the hips. "Did you ever dance, Steve? Back in the forties?"
"Buck," he gasps. "You're making it really hard to focus. I, um," he clears his throat. "I'll stop letting him have power over me."
It still takes Steve a few more days until he feels like he knows what he wants and what he's doing. Bucky and him had talked a lot more about the whole double relationship situation, laid down some ground rules. Question is now, if Tony is willing to go along with that or not.
"Yeah. I really do."
The more Tony gives up, the more Steve takes. With his arms left and right from Tony's head he's leaning against the wall and just keeps kissing. Almost greedy really because it's been such an incredibly long time and every cell of him wants to make up for it.
"Thank you, thats good to know I'm not making an absolute fool of myself. Its a pleasure to meet you, I read up on your work, but I can't say I understood much." I laugh, sitting back down. Bruce opens his mouth to respond, but before he can Iron Man walks in.
"holy shit." he exclaims, his voice jumping a few octaves. "so thats how you could chug the whole bottle of vodka."
"oh hey, you live with Cap?" Tony asks, pointing to the shield in the corner of the photo.
"at least let me help you out of your armour so you don't end up impaling yourself anyways!" I yell, running after him. We end up working in silence, him finally letting me help when he realises it would be harder than it looks.
"yeah I know- oh." He says, looking up at me. "how the fuck did you find out?"
"Natasha, you better not be naked!" I say walking through the door to find Clint and Nat watching something together on her bed.
"they wanted me to be strong, like Captain Rogers was, but he could lift buses, so thats a bit unrealistic." I laugh, placing down my empty mug.
"okay, Stevie, you're hot, but I'm way to drunk for that to be any sort of good right now. anyways, I wanna see where this goes." Tony mumbles, leaning on my shoulder to place a kiss there.
"shut up." I mutter, rolling my eyes at her.
"why didn't you?" he asks, raising an eyebrow.
"I know how it feels. I ended things with my boyfriend a while back, I was being an idiot." he laughs. "I don't know why I'm even talking about this with you."
"whats going on?" she asks after a moment, placing her hand on my forearm.
"I hang out with Clint, Bruce and Coulson." he tells me, sighing. "not a lot of option there."
"so why were you making out in the lift?" Clint asks, causing us both to go red.
"hes awake?" Natasha asks, walking over to sit next to me.
"well I threw up out of panic then Iron Man found me so I said I'm going back to my apartment to get some rest, but Steve is still coming." I say, bouncing my leg.
"this is the normal time I wake up. this was the army timetable of the 40's." I say, putting the kettle on.
"So, hows this Steve Rogers/Rogerson balance going so far?" he asks, grinning while keeping his head towards his controls. We haven't gotten a lot of chances to hang out recently - the time I haven't spent with Iron Man I've spent training and hiding out in my room.
"I'm going home for a bit. I need to get my head around this all. I'll see you for our next mission." I say, walking around her and running down the stairs, tears welling in my eyes, threatening to fall.
"yep. I can take you, if you want." He asks, a smile on his face.
"um, I was trained in the 40's?" I say, raising my eyebrows at him.
"Nat you know I ended it with him right?" I say with a grin, rolling my eyes.
matters." I say with a chuckle, letting my hands fall to his waist to steady him.
"okay, well then I guess I don't think I can." he laughs, standing up. "look, let me go and get my bearings a little, I'm going to talk to Natasha, but I'll be back."
"so, got any other new hotties on your radar?" I joke, leaning back. we've turned into surprisingly good friends, giving the last thing I said to him is that I love him. it was awkward at the start, but we eventually made it work.
"to be honest? I think I'm going to throw up." I laugh nervously, taking a seat in the plastic chair by his bed. He just laughs, turning to face me.
I roll over in bed, watching the seconds tick by on my clock until my alarm goes off. I stand up and stretch, my back clicking a few times before I head over to the bathroom. 15 minutes later I'm out the house for my daily 1 hour run. When I got out of the ice, I had mandatory counselling sessions which was basically meant to help me "readjust" or some rubbish. It was all about building myself a new life, and letting go of Captain America, but to be honest, I quickly slipped back into the army lifestyle of waking up at 5, then straight out for a run. The one thing that everyone agreed on was that the world should know that Captain America is back, but they shouldn't know its me. SHIELD told the world that a new 'mystery person' will be the new Captain America, so that I can live a relatively normal life.
"okay, this feels better." I say with a smile as I rejoin Nat, watching her straighten the odd piece of furniture.
"yeah lets go, I need to get the jet from there anyway." I say, chucking him my bike helmet as I pull my hood on. I quickly climb onto my bike, feeling him climb on behind me before kicking it to life.
"okay, well I was going to ask you if you wanted to grab some coffee." A smile playing on his lips. I smile, before letting it fall again.
"I was going to get drunk." he tells me, turning his head to look at me. he's told me about his old habit before, telling me about how he was a year clean before he broke up with his boyfriend.
"among other things." I mutter, feeling some of the weight lift. "look, I'm most definitely not ready for
"nah its an SI thing, so formal wear." she tells me, motioning to her sleek red dress.
"finally." I say, doing a final sweep of the building.
"uh  I wouldn't, we haven't a clue about it." Bruce warns him, as he continues to walk towards it.
"so you don't hate me." I say, biting my lip.
"okay Tony what the hell? Stop being an idiot." Nat says, standing up and making her way towards him.
"Don't worry, if you weren't so scared I'd be shitting my pants right about now." I laugh, keeping a strong hold on his shoulders. the building shifts again and we both turn our heads when we hear something crack, half the roof falling down, leaving the rest at a slant.
"yeah that can be a real turn off." I say, playing along. "although maybe it could develop into a kink? depends how hot this guy really is."
"Steve what do you mean?" He stops dead, a worried expression on his face.
"I got you coffee." I say, grabbing the mug and handing it to him as he sits up. He takes a long sip, before opening his eyes to send me a smile.
"Doesn't Tony have your suit?" Iron Man asks after a moment.
"wouldn't dream of it. drive safe."
"STEVEN GRANT ROGERS HOW MANY TIMES-" Nat shouts as I run towards someone shooting at her, taking him down quickly. I stand up to smirk at her, making her punch me in the arm.
"whats up, buttercup?" he asks, strolling over to me.
"whats all over Natasha? what the fuck even was this?" I ask, looking up to see Tony walk out of the elevator. I just groan, burying my head back in my pillow. a second later I hear a gentle knock on the door, followed by Tony's voice. thats the last thing I want to hear. the dude I have a most probably unrequited crush on, and just embarrassed myself in front of.
"Tony please don't bother. I shouldn't have said anything, I was just being stupid." I say, turning my head so my voice isn't muffled.
"what? wow I would not have expected that." she mutters, causing me to sit up.
"thanks, that'd actually be really helpful. the vibranuim might be in good condition, but this is the leather strap that Howard made for Steve Rogers back in the 40's" I laugh, handing it over before walking out, before waving at him, making him laugh.
"hey Steve, where are you off to?" Clint asks as I hit the lobby of the building, sympathy in his voice.
"wait Cap, you've watched a whole film in that thing? you must be dying in there" Nat says, flopping down on the sofa next to me, flicking my helmet. I roll my eyes at her, leaning back.
"I'm so sorry, Steve. I've done some really idiotic shit in my life. I hope you can forgive me."
"with Steve." I say, holding back a smirk.
"thats because they're either on the other side of the world or dead." I say without thinking, before mentally facepalming. "one of them died in a car crash." I say after a minute.
"because he can. just be there." Nat says, shutting my bedroom door behind her. Tony groans, rolling over so his head is buried in my chest.
"I thought it didn't matter- I thought what we had was stronger than this." He mutters, looking towards the ceiling.
"oh god what have you done now?" She asks, making her bed.
"wait, what?" I ask, stepping around the doorframe to check if he's joking.
"oh yeah just amazed by all of this." I say, waving my hands around uselessly. "I mean Cap tells me about how amazing it was to see Howard talking about his flying car that basically blew up after a few seconds, but here you are, having made 3 robots and and AI, all of which having their own personalities!"
"oh yeah of course. he's out at the moment, but I'll go and grab it for you." I tell him, walking off.
"aw you worried about me?"
"turn around, I need to change." he tells me with a small smile, making a hand gesture mimicking me turning around. I do as he says, pulling on my shirt and buttoning it up.
"Steve. a meeting started 10 minutes ago, but you weren't at the tower. where the hell are you?" Coulson asks down the phone, causing me to sigh.
"you okay? you sound out of breath." Natasha chimes in, a grin in her voice. I decide to ignore it, opting to worry more about why she can hear.
"Steve you're not even on the track anymore." Tony laughs as he crosses the finish line, Bruce smiling lightly as he says he's finally not dead last.
"yeah, see you later."
"He's okay, better than he was. he's going back to work and is getting back into his normal routine, so I thought I could head back here." I tell him, shaking his hand and placing a hand on his shoulder. "Sorry I was out for so long I-" I get cut short by Tony walking out of his lab. he stops for a second to look at me before heading towards the kitchen. "It list took longer for Steve to bounce back than I expected." I continue with a sigh, smiling at Bruce.
"geez, are you sure you aren't a supersoldier?" He asks when we decide to finish, leaning back against the wall. I chuckle at that, taking a large drink out of my water bottle.
something happen last night?" She asks, eyeing us up.
It was chaos. by the time I had sat down, there were already 2 drinks being placed in front of me, one of which I gave to Natasha.
"mmhmm dream on. all the Avengers are invited, so don't think you're special or anything." He says, standing to help. "it starts at 7. you may as well reclaim your bed for the night, if you want."
I act before I can even think about what was happening. the second I heard that crash I ripped myself away from Iron Man, rolling so I'm kneeling over him, my arms braced above his head and him flat on his back. I feel the concrete hit my back, and I strain against it.
"YEAH NO WORRIES, TAKE YOUR TIME, HAPPY HOLDING UP THIS BUILDING."
I run my fingers through my hair before walking down the last few stairs, taking a deep breath as I step into the already crowded room.
"oh! lemme take your shield - it looks like it might need a paint job and a new strap." he tells me as I walk out the door.
"okay, thanks for letting me know. Bye, Steve." Happy says, and the phone goes dead. I slip Tony's phone into my pocket for now, before shifting to find a comfortable way to sit.
"So Steve is dating Tony, but is also Captain America, but Tony doesn't know?" Clint asks me after he leaves.
"okay so steve is going back with Steve." I say with a sigh, sitting back down next to Natasha.
"look I'm sorry I was stupid, I just saw a flaw in your plan and you wouldn't have listened." He says when we're finished, tying the scraps of his undersuit around his waist.
"Not feeling it with girls at the moment for some reason." He says with a grin, finishing off his coffee. "okay so I'm holding this mixer for Stark Industries tonight, and I was wondering if you wanted to come with."
"Steve Rogerson, I'm Pepper Potts, Tony's assistant, kinda." she says, holding out her hand with a smile.
I put my phone on the table with a smile, before adjusting to get into a comfier position.
"yeah I should probably grab one too!" He says sashaying out of the room.
"you literally had sex with everyone in Brooklyn - I'm actually shocked you didn't run into Iron Man sooner - or maybe you did, guess you wouldn't know that." she pauses to chuckle, rolling her eyes slightly. "Anyway, why haven't the two people that have a sex drive to match Tony Stark's not done stuff yet?"
"really? we just went through all that and landed back at it having no label." Tony laughs. "right. I'm going to pay, then do you wanna make a day of this?"
"we've lost coms with him. Bruce, whats going on?" Clint asks, running down the stairs.
"Hi its Steve? I was out with Tony tonight but he got a little drunk so he's staying at mine for the night. nothing weird, just to sleep it off." I tell him while trying to get Tony into his seatbelt.
"see you in an hour." I say, grabbing my bag and jumping back out of the window. I don't go all the way back to my apartment, I just pull off my hood and pull on a jacket and find a public bathroom to change in, before heading into a bar for half an hour. I walk back into the tower 50 minutes after I left, quickly making my way into Tony's lab.
"so he says, but I've still never met anyone he's done it with." Natasha responds, leaning back.
however, got your leg crushed and held up a building." He asks, raising his eyes.
"Nah these are Cap's popular friends. there was a time in high school where he became big and muscly and I was still tiny and that really didnt help with the whole thing." I say, one of my hands waving around uselessly.
"about 20 minutes." I say, placing my sketchpad by the side of my bed. I haven't drawn since before the war, so it was nice to pick that back up again.
"of course." Nat responds, turning to take out some more guys running at us.
"I fucked up." I moan, sitting down on my bed.
"Steve! hi." He says, placing down his screwdriver and bottle before heading over to give me a tight hug.
"Not even going to take me out for dinner first?" I ask with a grin, briefly forgetting that I'm not Steve Rogers. oh well, I guess Captain America would be confident anyways. Tony glances over his shoulder with a grin, before returning to his equipment.
"wow yeah I can see how that'd kill the mood." he laughs. "how about we go to the bedroom? promise theres a 89% chance you will not see someones head getting bitten off in there."
"So we had to deal with the bloodthirsty unicorn and then deal with Nick Fury, trying to explain why 2 of the team members were skipping the debrief, while you two were cuddling?" Natasha asks, walking in.
"I'm sure Steve won't be any better. Send in Nat - she'll sort him out." I laugh, walking out the door, walking towards my bike. I hop on it, riding it away and making a wide loop, pulling up at the back of the building.
"Tony, Pepper said something to me at that gala, and its been playing on my mind." I say hesitantly, placing down my drink.
"ohshitohshitokayyy." He mutters, gripping my thigh hard to brace himself. "okay, this is happening."
"mm you always make the best coffee. I should have been able to know it is you on that alone." He says, taking a long sip of his drink. his eyes scan the apartment and he quickly clocks the collection of empty bottles on my counter. "ah so the serum is how you chugged that bottle of vodka that one time!"
"god, are they duplicating themselves? there seems to be thousands." I mutter, leaning my hands on my knees while keeping an eye out for more agents.
"On the booze already?" I ask Tony when I find him, leant over a table with his back to me, a screwdriver in one hand and a beer in the other.
"good idea." I reply with a laugh, a blush creeping over my cheeks.
"CAP OMG you ass!" he says, hitting my chest before relaxing again. "hey, where is Steve? I thought he lived here too?"
"oh. well then I guess we were both idiots."
"uh hey I'm here to see Tony?" He says, awkwardly moving from foot to foot.
"especially not for you! at least only you have found out about me, 3 people found you out in one day!" I sass back, grinning at him. "right, I'd better get going, I'm meant to be getting back from my run any moment." luckily for me, Sparring with Iron Man lead to me working up a bit of a sweat, so I just throw on a pair of shorts and a t shirt, before heading off to meet Tony.
"Iron Man? what are you doing here?" I ask, straightening my back.
"you look great, by the way." I tell her as I spray myself with aftershave.
"Its nothing. I was just trying to figure you out I guess?" he says, laughing at the cliche.
I could just call him and ask if he wants to hang out, but in practice that scares me shitless for some reason.
"you mentioned." I chuckle, wrapping my arms around him.
to have a conversation over here?" he sighs as more agents run at him, turning to take them out, before turning back to face us.
"Jeez, I always forget how sassy you are in the mornings. just thought I'd let you know that you're meant to be arriving in an hour." She tells me, taking a seat on her bed.
"I was too harsh. I just- i don't know." I take a deep breath, looking down at my knees. "first it became obvious that you weren't interested in me as anything more than a friend, which is fine by the way - but this last week you've been drifting away from me and I want to know if you're just sticking with me for me."
And Steve knew that. They tried. Tightened the security, put up viruses, firewalls, all kinds of stuff Steve didn’t really understand. But it was all nothing to Iron Man, he tore through their system like it was child’s play. Maybe for him it was.
“Here’s our ride,” Tony said. He was still tense from their conversation, and there was wariness in his eyes that Steve wasn’t familiar with.
Steve was still looking at him, as if thinking what to do with him now (and how to get him away from the fight probably) when his eyes widened again in panic and he screamed “Watch out!” as Tony felt the cold end of a gun being pressed against his temple. Tony's breath caught and he was still looking at Steve's panicked eyes. The guy holding him at gunpoint was screaming something to the agents or officers or whoever the guys who their back-up were, but Tony couldn't really process the words. He probably couldn't have processed them even if they were in English.
Yet he couldn’t say no when Tony called. He couldn’t feel anything other than relief. His head had given him a whiplash with the amount of time it went from trepidation to giddiness in the days between the call and the date.
so really, this whole saving thing is totally selfish,” Tony said, but there was no heat behind it, no true feeling. As if he was fighting this for the sake of it, or because that was the only thing he knew how to do, as if he had to tell himself he was a bad person until he didn't know how not to say it.
“It’s not my fault you’re about as fun as a wet blanket.”
It was just after that that everything went to hell.
But Steve didn’t have time to decipher what Tony meant. The minions could come back any second now and Steve had a lot he had to say.
Steve didn’t say a word, just followed Tony further down the corridor.
“Is it really that surprising?” he asked.
“Like I said, you need to talk to him Steve. This is getting out of control and you know it will affect the team.”
“Blue,” Steve said. “Yours?”
Tony must have heard the pain in his voice, because his gaze softened. “We were idiots, weren’t we?”
If given a choice to go back, there is not a single thing you would have done differently, not a single step you would have changed.
Tony nodded. “I’d like that.”
Steve realized it before they did.
Tony stared at him for a long time. Steve let him, trying to convey everything he just said in his eyes.
Tony took Steve’s hand and squeezed it. “It’s okay,” he whispered. “What happened?”
It was fascinating, watching them interact. Steve always thought that they would get along great if they met under normal circumstances. But these were not normal circumstances.
“Hmm,” Tony sipped at his champagne. “Red.”
Still, this was an unusual job, even for them. Being at the gala, in formal clothes, playing the part of rich and spoiled members of the society.
Steve hummed his agreement, sipping at the champagne. He wasn’t quite sure where to go from here, but Tony didn’t seem to have the same problem, steering them toward the couch and sitting down, close but not yet touching.
“Why didn’t you fire it?” he asked, abruptly. When Tony looked back at him, he gestured toward the gauntlet.
Tony knew that because Loki was currently causing havoc in Central Park.
Tony didn’t understand it. He was so sure Steve would come and tell him that is was just a one-time thing and that it won’t affect the team dynamics or something.
“What? What is it Tony?” asked Steve.
Natasha was talking, “Despite the delay, we’re expecting the transport of Mandarin’s people to be here by the end of the week.”
’ and Steve had smiled, thinking that maybe, with Tony by his side, everything can be okay again. They can fix the world, and they can fix them.
“Great,” said Stark, but Wright didn’t seemed to catch the sarcasm as he smiled and wandered off at the direction of the bar.
“Fri, put something on, please,” Tony said, and a moment later the TV turned on. Steve didn’t recognize the movie but the action sequences were enough to keep his attention. Or they would have been, if Steve wasn’t so painfully aware of Tony beside him, his every shift and turn. His eyes were bright from the TV light, and he seemed focused on the screen, though Steve knew he wasn’t paying much attention to it either.
“Around 5 years.”
“If you're looking for Mr. Stark, he went that way.” The man pointed toward the other side, where the road stretched god knows where. Steve was suddenly grateful that they were so recognizable, as he thanked the man and started running in the right direction.
For the next few hours, Steve sat there in panic.
The long walk through the hallway felt like forever. He was ready to get to work. Hopefully Iron Man brought them some news so that they could finally continue with their plans.
After the last incident, Tony was careful never to leave his armor behind. He could even call it to himself from distance and he added all kinds of new gadgets and weapons (a lot of them non-lethal for when they didn't fight homicidal robots).
“I don't get why you’re so upset,” Tony said. “Everything ended up fine.”
“Sort of,” he said.
“I mean… Maybe I was jealous.”
The others joined him now. They were all looking at Steve, some with hatred, some with manic smiles. Steve and his team made their lives a lot more difficult. They all wanted a turn with that knife.
“I’m afraid it wasn’t just casual sex for him, sir.” JARVIS said.
“So, are you gonna open the door, or should we find out if your reinforced glass is stronger than vibranium?” Steve asked, a serious look on his face.
“And how’s Daniel? Still bothering you?” he asked as they entered the little shop.
“Yes, your lovely Widow already explained. So we’re dealing with the Mandarin.”
“My best friend. Bucky,” Steve started again. Tony nodded to indicate he remembered who Steve was talking about. “He got us out. But he never managed to get out himself.”
“So, what then?” Sam asked.
He came to a stop in front of them. Natasha and Clint stayed at Steve’s side while Sam and Bruce hanged back.
She did. He didn’t interrupt her again, and his expression grew more somber as she continued speaking. As she was explaining, she showed him pictures they took that day, of his weapons and the base.
“Recently, we raided one of his secret bases.”
drawn Tony, a couple of times, when he was alone in his apartment and couldn’t stop thinking about him.
“This is no time for childish games. We have a lead.”
Steve took a lamp from a nearby desk and smashed it on the one guy’s head, while avoiding another guy’s punch. Then he kicked that guy in the chest with his knee. He stared at the three guys that came into the room next. He could take them, easy. But the problem was that they would just keep coming. And Steve won’t be able to fight forever.
Steve would have recognized Tony even if he didn’t know he was coming. Even with the bag over his head.
Iron Man, while helpful in a fight, didn’t stay long after all was said and done. Barely making sure they got the situation under control, he flew away, making excuses in the air, before cutting the communication completely.
Tony seemed to notice his hesitation. “Let’s start easy. Favorite color?”
Steve picked up the pace in the long hallway on his way to the briefing room. He wasn’t technically late, but he was known for usually getting there early, so the fact that he wasn’t there yet might raise a few eyebrows.
“Tony?” he recognized the voice but couldn't place it. He blinked and tried to focus on a person standing in front of him, trying to get his attention.
“Can they hear us?” Steve asked.
“Well, you know how you always got mad at me when I sent you the warning sign before coming in?”
But you don’t expect one to happen.
Steve was about to retort when a familiar warning sign flashed on the computer.
Bucky just shrugs and takes a sip from his coffee. "Figured you had better things to think about than my feelings."
With a sigh, "Okay, what part of, 'I love Steve and Steve loves you, so I have to at least try to kind of care about you' are you not getting here?"
Tony smiles politely but dismisses Turner, the consulting astrophysicist, the second Steve is finished declining his flirtatious invitation to dinner. Once the door is solidly shut and they're alone again, Tony comes down from the small loft-like riser his projecting and imaging computers are on, joining Steve on the ground level. He starts fiddling with some other piece of equipment, doing something well beyond Steve's capacity to care what, and casually changes the subject from what they'd been talking about before.
"True. I mean, I could just take you back to France and you could have the real deal if this doesn't work for you." He slides into his seat, still watching Steve almost-lovingly.
"I wanted to make sure you're okay." Steve shrugs. "Sorry if I invaded your privacy, Nat just told me you were... a little bit out of it."
"Thank you." Steve beams once again and deals with the dishes while also starting his espresso machine. The fact that he knows which buttons to press these days actually makes him proud. "Do you like sweets?"
Bucky smiles crookedly. "Have you seen yourself? All I wanna do since I've met you is make you shut up by fucking your brains out." He shrugs. "As I said, I'm not a good man."
"When? When did he say that?" Bucky can't believe that he's starting to feel sorry for fucking Tony Stark.
do not mean to push you." Which is true, despite his very distinct history to the contrary with others...
," and it might sound a little more like a demand now, but he's still plenty desperate.
"I'm sure he's out there, waiting for you," Steve says with an affectionate and honest smile, patting Tony's back.
Once the roses are taken care of, Steve looks around a little helplessly. "Uhm, can I offer you something to drink? Water? Coffee?"
Steve swallows. "Sorry. Yeah, I..." He looks up at Tony. "Is the door still open?"
It obviously hurts like a bitch, but he's not backing down. It’s just what that self-destructive animal inside of him is craving. "Oh, is
Seconds later a metal hand rips Tony's clothes to shreds and then Bucky manhandles him, slamming him face first onto the workbench close to the wall and bending him over.
"I'm pretty sure it was both. Even that angry, I don't think Cap lies."
love Pepper. That never stopped. But I fell in love with you, too."
"Hey," he greets softly as he closes the door behind him. "Steve's gonna start cooking."
"A conversation?" Steve snaps back helplessly. "You've been avoiding me for God knows how long."
the one who decided the Winter Soldier didn't have to answer for his crimes. That was
"What, ego not big enough already, Golden Boy?" Tony shoots. His nerve really never quits.
"You should invest into people who need it," Steve suggests softly. "If you wanna see me smile like this, give the money you'd spend on a spontaneous trip to France to someone who needs help to get off of their feet. A small, innovative New Yorker business that needs a loan to expand. A pharmacist who works on a cheap cure for malaria instead of trying to make money off of it. A foundation that helps LGBT kids."
"We're not gonna get anywhere if we're not dealing in honesty, Barnes. If this was just some dinner we had to suffer through and that was that, then sure, let's bullshit each other all day. But it's not. I've got a lot of life left, God willing, and I really wanna spend it with Steve, which means spending a good chunk of it with you, too. I know you don't have anything to lose here so it probably doesn't matter that much to you, but
The innocence behind that is striking and Buck smiles like a fool, burying his face in the crook of Steve's neck. "I thought I was sick. Am sick, for the things that I like. And the more I learned, the worse it got. There was no way I could ever... ruin you like that."
Steve stared at Tony in surprise. “Really? We can, but… It’s not a penthouse,” he said with a laugh. His crappy apartment was the size of Tony’s bedroom, it wasn’t exactly something Steve wanted to show off.
“Look at this,” Tony said, pointing to another message that showed up. “They found the mole. Or moles. Seems like SHIELD has a bit of a corruption problem.”
“Anything,” Steve said. “Might start with explaining why you’re hiding in the lab.”
“Clint and Natasha...“ Tony started but Steve didn't even blink.
He took the knife out and dragged it across Steve’s cheek, not pressing down. “I am going to enjoy screwing up your face.”
“What? Where are you? What is Loki doing?” It was perhaps worrying that Tony was so glad to hear the coldness in Steve’s voice replaced with worry.
“Come on, Steve. Tell me you’re not mad. You just found out your boyfriend is actually the guy you hate.”
“Take your time Steve, it’s okay.”
Steve could tell Tony didn’t really believe it. They all hoped, sure, but there was also doubt in all of them. There were so many variables, and Tony knew, more than anyone else, how any one of them could go wrong in multiple ways. No wonder he couldn’t sleep.
"well, the serum had kept me in stasis. they thawed me out, gave me a haircut and a new wardrobe and I look nothing like those old poster." I explain.
"And I thought we were idiots before." he laughs, running his hands through his hair. "so hang on- are you Steve Rogers or Steve Rogerson?"
"Really? Tony Stark is bad with emotions?" I laugh, making him chuckle. "I mean yeah I'm still pissed about that, it really hurt bad Tony, but you're not a bad person. I guess we just weren't meant to go that far."
"yeah we really should not be allowed near a kitchen. I'll order something if you destroy all traces of this abomination." Tony says, slipping off his stool, making me laugh. he smiles lightly at me, before wandering off. I'm not too sure what is happening there. Its weird - he keeps inviting me to stay longer, but then acting all hesitant and distant. We're basically just friends now, but more awkward. I can't help but wonder if he's just not into me, and feels like he needs to keep me around. I mean, apart from being shy thats the only reason I can think of, and no one could ever call Tony Stark shy without being laughed at for the rest of eternity.
"you know I'm not susceptible to that stuff. also we didn't do anything." I say after a solid minute of giving her the death stare.
"we literally live together." I say back, glaring at her out of the corner of my eyes.
"I don't think you will be hoping that soon. you hate me just as much as I hated you." I explain, sending him a smile.
"Cap. Capsicle. Mr America please I know you're awake!" Iron Man whines while poking me in the side, rolling off me when I open my eyes, a grin on my face.
"you- wow I really regret taking a sip when I did." I laugh nervously, wiping my mouth. "you saw that photo of me, with the towel.."
"ah its no problem, you should know that. the dude pisses me off a lot too." He laughs as Clint hangs up.
"wow. I'm honoured." I laugh lightly, while Tony takes a big drink from his coffee.
"it was fun though." Tony says, leaning his head back against my chest. "Right, I'm getting a scotch." I turn back to the film, where some new breed of dinosaur is proceeding to eat everyone apart from the main characters, naturally. Tony places his scotch on the table in front of us, before sitting down next to me on the sofa. I wrap my arm over his shoulder, while using my other to spread the blanket over us.
"thanks for looking after me last night - I tend to overdo it when I'm out with friends." Tony tells me, his eyes occasionally flicking down to my chest.
Bruce put down whatever he was working on and turned around to face him. “Is this about the rainy season return story?”
“Good morning my ass. Lend me a hand here. Isn’t Captain America supposed to me a chivalrous person?” Tony says as he stretched out his hand and soon found himself pulled up by Steve who kept smiling at him. He really wants to wipe that smug smile from his face.
“Yes, from the standpoint of science and me as a doctor, it is quite impossible.” Bruce said and the blond nodded solemnly. “Do you want to see Tony again?” He asked.
He walked over to his sleeping form, kneeling down by his side to take a closer look. He couldn’t help himself from wanting to touch the man before him and soon found his hand reaching over to caress the brunet’s cheek. He couldn’t stop himself, he really wants to feel him if only to assure himself that this Tony was real and not just some illusion he and Peter were seeing.
So it wasn’t an intruder, huh?
I placed the cake onto the table as dad also wished me a happy birthday. He then told me that he’ll give me my present when I get back.
It was almost a week since he and Steve had that conversation and that’s the same amount of time the two of them hadn’t talked to each other, properly that is. Well, Steve tried to, where else Tony couldn’t help but avoid him as if he’s carrying the plague. He knew it wasn’t his fault. The guy got no reason to be treated like this but the brunet can’t help it.
“And then, a week later, I heard you moved to the MIT dorms.”
“Just a slip of the hand.” Steve says avoiding his gaze. Yeah, right. He didn’t believe him one bit. “I, ah, SHIELD wanted me for a covert operation so see you later, Tony.” With that the blond hurried out the room. Tony tilted his head utterly confused.
“Tony.” He said. “I think it would be good if you don’t go out of the house, okay? You know, in case something like last time happens again.”
Steve ushered him towards his bed, motioning him to take a seat. He was soon joined by the super soldier who looked like he was at a loss for words. “So, what can I do for you?”, he finally asked after some time. Scratching the back of his neck in a nervous manner.
“Open your mouth, Tony.” He commands, gently grabbing his chin up. Tony opened his eyes to that, staring up at him before he obliged, opening his cut upped lips to show the inside of his mouth.
Two days later Tony finished the program and told Steve about it. Using it they soon located the soldier and that night Steve and Natasha made plans.
With that Tony was left all alone with a huge cut on his palm. What he thought was going to be a peaceful late night dinner had turned out to be his worst nightmare.
“Of course you weren’t, Nick. I was just giving our mopey Captain a shoulder to lean on. He’s like this cause you guys are hell bend on capturing his friend.”
I wanted to sleep a bit more; I had been working on a project all night. But today is a special day. So, I got up. Went to the bathroom to freshen up and head down for breakfast. When I got there dad was already in the kitchen preparing what I could perceive was scrambled eggs and toast for breakfast. He looked fresh out from the shower. He must have already showered after coming back from his usual morning walk.
“Yes, I really do.” He said, breath shaking. “Because I couldn’t make Tony happy at all. In this condition, I only burdened Tony. From the beginning to the end. Even just for once I want to make him think that he was happy to be with me. That is why, if he does come back, I want him to have those memories. . . .Dr. Banner, you haven’t asked me about my body at all.”
He walked out the door, closing it behind him. Never to open it again.
“Well, I don’t personally like it very much either but I’m looking forward to it this year.”
“Tony?...Um, what are you doing here? I mean..” He started, not knowing how to really continue his sentence.
Our house is a located on the outskirt of town which is the only house close to the forest. It is pretty far away from the actual town but we like it here. The quietness and surrounding of the place give offs a calm and cool atmosphere. I know that my parents were actually from the cities but I’ve been living in this place for as long as I can remember. I prefer it from the bustling city life.
“It must be Bucky, right?” Tony says sounding a bit sad but before he could explain himself Tony cut him off saying, “I made a program to help you locate the Winter Soldier based image recognition using the collective network of CCTVs across the world . It’s almost ready so just wait a little more days alright?”
“I see you took care of your injury.” He pointed out. Observing him.
Just an empty shell. Because that’s what he was without Steve.
When Steve pulled his arm away Tony’s heart sank. Maybe he was being too pushy and eager. He almost spurts out an apology. But then the alpha proceeded to take Tony’s hand in his, intertwined their fingers and put them inside his coat pocket to keep warm.
“I guess so.”
Tony didn’t know what do to do except sit there frozen like a statue. He could feel Steve’s breath on his neck making his whole body tingle. And for some reason his heart was pounding at a rate it never did before. If it was pounding any faster he felt that it’d jump out from his chest. He was positive that even Steve was able to hear it in their current position.
“It is. I was too busy to eat during dinner time so he left some for me.” He tells him. “He’s really good at cooking isn’t he? Was he always this good?” Tony smiled looking at Bucky. Maybe talking about Steve would help them become friendlier with each other.
Steve almost lost his balance, swaying to the side but was able to adjust himself in time and stopped the bike to put on his helmet as he turned around with an embarrassed smile. That brought a laugh from the omega who desperately tried to hide it behind his hands. He felt his whole body shaking from trying to keep himself from laughing out loud.
That made him angry. Who told Peter something that was complete bullshit? There’s no way that’s true, not in the least.
When they tried to get closer to him he looked scared and backed away from them.
“Peter said he was hungry and well, you see, I tried to fry some eggs for breakfast but they got burned so I just grabbed some sausages from the fridge. I guess I’m not really good at cooking, am I?” Tony said a blush adorning his face, hiding his gaze from Steve. His fingers were nervously pulling at the sleeves of his jumper.
Tony looked down at the little boy who was still hugging him, looking up at him as his eyes shone of admiration. Tony found that quite adorable. This child must have really loved him, clinging onto him so tightly.
“You two are so strange.” He told them to which they replied in unison, “That’s not true at all.”
“Ah, not really. I was just . . . remembering something.” He told her with a shy smile, looking out at the view again.
He returned the embrace with all the love and comfort he could channel through the hug. Steve’s arms tightened around him and they stayed like that, just holding onto each other.
When he approached the hanger he saw Steve and the rest of the avengers who were already present and a new face which was James Bucky Barnes. He felt his chest tighten at the name. This person did kill his parents. But as Steve had said, he was controlled by Hydra so he shouldn’t just hate the guy. That’s just not fair.
“Something smells burnt as well as delicious. What are you guys making?” He said, still in his pajamas.
Tony rubbed his sleepy eyes and dragged himself up to the communal kitchen. It was quiet and the only source of light was from the small bulbs which were dimly lit all around the tower. It seemed like everyone was in bed except for him who was wondering in the night like some nocturnal animal seeking for food.
They stumbled into the kitchen together and greeted their friends already there a ‘good morning’ in unison. Tony pulled put a chair to sit on while Steve made them coffee.
“I can’t stand it, Tony. I don’t like it when we are like this.” He pleaded.
“Stop it! Stop ignoring me like this.” He growled, aggressively pulling at Tony’s shirt to make him look. Jerking him to his side.
That night Steve went down to Tony’s lab to bring him a cup of freshly brewed coffee and some snacks like he always did. It felt good to go back to their usual routine. He saw him working on advanced things he barely understands like always. Steve smiled to himself as he approached him.
He suddenly got up, realizing that he hadn’t been in the garage. That was the only place he hadn’t checked out.
Suddenly, Peter dropped the tin box he was holding onto to gather his things, too astonished at the sight before him, making a loud racket. Steve turned around trying to ask what happened but soon became speechless at the sight.
It was a figure sitting near the huge backdoor of the mansion, soaked by the rain and shivering. He was only in a simple white t-shirt and jeans. The brunet blew warmth into his hands as an attempt to keep warm and buried his face in between his arms in a bundle not noticing the two figures a few feet away from him.
“Well, I don’t either. But I don’t want to talk to you so that’s that.”
“Mr. Banner, why is dad not able to go places with many people? Is it a disease?” Peter asked as he sat down on one of the benches outside the clinic, waiting for his dad as he watched Bruce tend to the plants he had grown around it.
Little by little Bucky starts to brighten up. Turning back into his old self day by day. And after the end of the first week he was even able to vividly recall his past memories with Steve now. And he was getting along with the rest of them team too. Well, excluding him of course. Bucky was simply expressionless when he was with him. Well, he'd just have to work on that later.
Steve nodded. “I was nervous, so goddamn nervous I almost put it off. But I pulled myself together and went to New York to meet you. You had grown up into an amazingly beautiful person. I hardly recognized you. After a quick exchange of greetings you handed me the handkerchief. Me, who was already a nervous wreck, simply took it with a hasty ‘thank you’. It was awkward. I managed to stutter my goodbye, turning away, and ready to head back.
This was it. The only time he’ll ever get to see Tony again. He should at least tell him about his feelings even if they get shot down on the spot. In the end he chickened out and instead nodded, proceeding to sign the shirt.
Steve met up with his friends for a drink at their local bar. They were having a sort of reunion as old members of the same regiment in the US army. They had all came to meet him from the city. There was Bucky, Sam, Natasha and Clint. Smiling and drinking merrily as they sat around the table at one corner of the bar. Everyone seemed happy to see each other.
And with that the case was done and a deal was made. Even though it didn’t go exactly as he wanted it to the odds was still in their favor so he was happy about that at least.
“Is that Steve’s leftover spaghetti?”
“He’s a cute kid.” He said smiling down at the sleeping child.
He bit on his shirt to suppress the moan.
“Here’s your room. I hope you like it. I just left it with the basic necessities since you seem like a simple type of guy. You can later decorate it to suit your taste.” Tony says with a grin, feeling quite happy with his choice.
The room fell silent. Just the ticking of the clock and Tony’s whimpers. It was  agonizing. Just the two of them in this dimly lighted room, a heavy atmosphere surrounding them.
“Daddy?”
“A year, huh. Peter, well, I think he’s doing well. He’s a great kid you know. He never fusses and does everything I tell him to." He paused. 'But sometimes I wish he would act a little spoiled as well.”
That made him went even redder. “I knew it. I’m red like a tomato, aren’t I?” He asks worriedly and Happy dumbly nodded.
Fury let out a long deep sigh. “You play a dangerous game, Stark. You might regret this."
“It’s fine, Tony.”
“Where’s Bucky?” Steve asks, looking around for his metal armed friend. Natasha tells him that he was in his room. That he didn’t want to come out until Steve came back.
“Tony, are you crying?” Steve asks but Tony quickly shook his head. He sighs. “I don’t care about all of that anymore. You have already apologized and honestly I’m happy with you just talking to me like this. I missed you, Tony.”
“Oops. My hand slipped.” Bucky says in a mocking manner. Laughing at Tony’s helpless self.
“Hey, those are burnt. Please, don’t eat them.” Tony begged.
But, he couldn’t. He wasn’t allowed to do it.
“And me too, of course.” He added hastily.
Steve stares at the back of Tony’s head, tilting his head in a confused manner. He knew Tony was acting strange but he didn’t want to push him about it so he let it be. Asking no further questions for the rest of the ride home. Wordlessly staring out the window like the brunet previously suggested.
It’s just a longing, since it’s something he can’t ever speak about.
“Daddy… he doesn’t remember Peter.”
“You should have just waked me up.” He offered.
‘You’re one to talk. You take advantage of his kindness for your own immoral feelings.’ Ty’s words were ringing in his ears.
Tony scoots over to his side and slowly leans on Steve’s shoulder. It surprised him at first but Steve soon brought his arms around the brunet and pulled him closer to his side as they watched the rest of the video in a comfortable silence.
“Peter is lying. Nothing happened.”His classmates jeered behind him.
“I’ll get right on it, sir.” He replied, putting on a cap, finishing the look.
“Wet.” Steve replies bluntly.
“Thank you, Mrs. Madeline.” I said, taking it in my hands, grinning. “You brought it quite early today.”
Tiberius said, giving an applaud. He was all smiles and rainbows as he watched from the sideline.
“I was pretty good.” He admitted with a smirk. “I even set a record. But during a competition of freshman year, when I was just about to pass the front runner, he put his foot on my line and I tripped. I had no way of passing him and winning the race after that. It was sad that he cheated to win the race but there wasn’t anything I could do to really prove it. So I just left the place as they were giving away the medals.”
“Yes, it is.”
“Frustration? What are you talking about?” He asked. Worried clearly shown in his gaze, his posture, his whole body.
Steve told Tony to get into dry clothes so he won’t catch a cold. That he could change in the room as he still kept his things as it was. Tony was confused by that. “Just as it was?” He asked but his question was unheard by them as Steve had quickly led Peter into another room and told him not to tell anyone that Tony came back.
“I, no ‘we’ get it, Nick. That Bucky Barnes as the Winter Soldier has caused a lot of casualties and crimes over the past 20 years but I think we get a say on whether we want to hand him over or not. You people have tried for years to capture and bring him in, right? But who are the ones who actually made that happen? Us. The Avengers made it happen. We can handle it even if he escapes or go astray. You don't need to worry.”
“It’s a secret.” Peter giggled and ran back to his seat just as the bell rang, signaling the end of the break.
We have sooooo many assignments this week I seriously had no time to properly write fanfic updates. Sorry in advance if this wasn't written well enough. I promise it would be better next time.
“If you are his lover, can you please tell him not to behave so recklessly?” Steve told him. A stern look adorning his face. “My brother may act tough, and I don’t mean this in an offensive way but he’s actually pretty weak. So I'm worried about him."
That evening, Steve came come with a bunch of groceries and cooked up a feast which was greatly enjoyed by everyone. Tony even told him that if he was this good at cooking he won’t make another attempt to cook ever again.
“You really like that teammate of yours, don’t you? You’ve been talking about him every time. Even back then when you were taking me back here. You kept telling me how ‘Tony did that’, ‘Tony did this’.”
“Really? Are you sure?” Tony prodded.
“I’ll try, though it’s practically impossible to have fun at meetings, Steve, especially SI meetings.” Tony deadpanned.
Their whole interaction was being observed by a very bored looking brunet, standing on top of the school’s terrace. His back was against the railing, the wind blowing gently in his direction. From Tony’s perspective the guy looked pretty happy to be with a gorgeous cheerleader who worshipped him.
“Oh, sorry. Did I bother you? I didn’t mean to." Steve says rubbing the back of his neck in a sheepish manner, smiling.
“. . . um, are you alright?” Tony says reaching out to give a comforting pat on the shoulder but as soon as the taller brunet noticed the gesture he slapped it away harshly. Tony swiftly retracted his hand with an ‘Ow!’, blowing at his stinging hand. Bucky took this chance to go inside the room and closed it behind him. Not even a word of apology for his action.
Tony adjusted the hem of his shirt as he waited outside the conference room of SHIELD. The cold and quietness of the place sent a shiver up his spine. Why did secret meeting places always have to be so dim and cold? Why did they have to build it in some underground classified area where proper air conditioning wasn’t even provided?
At Peter’s school~
“But dad, didn’t you say that it was bad for your body?” Peter asked, worry clearly shown in his big brown eyes that reminded Steve a lot of Tony’s own.
“These days, thoughts of Tony keep rising into my head. I know that just looking at things like pictures won’t make me feel he’s. . .but Tony said he would return soon.”
An intruder? Why didn’t Jarvis warned him about this?!
Tony was frozen in his seat. He didn’t know Bucky had such a side to him. They had done everything, every test. That he was probably almost 95% sure that the mind control Hydra had on him was removed. He had even remembered about his past and being all friendly with the others. He was slowly but surely becoming the ‘Bucky’ Steve knew since childhood. The fun loving, girlfriend seeking guy who always stood by his best friend, Steve Rogers in a fight.
Tony grew closer to the two of them after getting to know them better.
“Tony~ Aren’t you going to treat that wound of yours?” Tiberius casually remarked as he watched the blood flowing along Tony’s hand. “You’re hurt, buddy.”
“Tony, you did it! Thank you so much.” Steve says hugging him from behind, laughing and smiling happily.
That year, in the season of rain, the miracle that came to us, began in this forest.
Steve could picture their reunion clearly. He remembered how fucking nervous he was to meet Tony after three long years.
Tony’s eyes widened a bit at that. Then a smile starts to form on his lips. “I missed you too, idiot. You really forgive me?”
Peter’s lips curved up into a smile, holding his chin up on his palm. “I was hoping the rainy season would come soon.” He replied looking at Wade and giving him a cheerful grin.
“You like the rainy season?” She asked, taking a side glance.
great at housework. He was a good dad that took good care of his kid. Tony wondered how exactly he was able to land such a jackpot of an alpha. He considered his pre- amnesia self really lucky.
Coming at him like a huge meteor hitting the dam of his locked up feelings. The over flowing affection and want he felt for his best friend all burst out in an instant and at that moment Tony knew he was in love with Steve Rogers.
“Oh, that means we were classmates?”
’ in a smaller one.
“You were probably finished college by that time. Graduating at the top of your class again. I just knew it. And after a month of my retirement my mom passed away. I ended up leaving New York and moved here, to Marvel town and bought my current place, found a decent job, settled down permanently. And me as I was, who couldn’t properly control my own body and having panic attacks; I didn’t want to worry you with my problems. You were better off without me in your life.
But Steve couldn’t take it anymore. The constant arguments, Tony getting into fights, being injured, him being worried for him all the time. The ever growing distance between them. And his patience finally snapped.
When he saw Tony he had found himself blushing, his heart pounding loudly in his chest. Tony had grown up to into a beautiful omega. With his dark brown locks trimmed neatly, wearing an elegant grey Armani suit that hug his figure snuggly and a sunglass in one hand. He had even grown a beard which was a good look on him. Tony may have done it to look mature but Steve finds it to be quite adorable. Everything about him was perfect in his eyes. Everyone walking by was also mesmerized by his beauty, betas and alphas alike. And when Tony caught his gaze he felt like his heart stopped.
Peter and Steve help set up the table and Tony brought over the dishes. A batch of nicely fried sausages, a bowl of salad and sliced bread with some orange juice.  Tony sat down and proceeded to eat when he saw his burnt eggs being set down on the table by Steve.
“Oh my god. Barton, you ass! That’s so not what happened.”
He occasionally had to glance on his Stark Phone to avoid the piercing glare of the guards present around the room. He let out a silent frustrated groan.
“So, what did they decide?” Bruce asks.
It hit Steve right there and then that this Tony doesn’t even know his own name. He looked completely and utterly lost. What’s going on here?
The next day the family went to the forest to help Peter look for the capsule. Peter had told them that it was somewhere in the old mansion and since the place was quite big they all decided to search different corners of the place. They searched for over two hours but there seem to be no sign of the capsule. Steve and Tony decided to take a short break as they sat on the middle of the once grand stairs and watch over their son who shows no sign of being tired as he kept up his search.
“What?”
When Peter came out he saw Tony looking outside the balcony he ran up to him and hugged him. The brunet was startled at first but then he smiled and hugged back, wrapping his arms around the small boy with care. The boy nuzzled deeper into the hug.
“You don’t have to deny it, Tony. We’ll still love you all the same.”
“Because his parent is like this.”
“But you know, a funny thing happened. Just as the medals were being awarded the stadium lights went down. It became completely dark and there was total confusion in the stadium so I guess that part made me laugh at the end.” Steve chuckled.
“I’m really starting to like you and Peter. So, if I can be with the two of you like this then that’s enough. To live as your omega, being part of the family.” Tony said leaning on the alpha’s shoulder with a charming grin.
Tony opened his eyes to the sound of the rain water dripping on the window. He felt a hand on top of his and slowly turned his head to find that it was Peter, snoring lightly as he slept beside him. He must have climbed up on his bed sometime in the morning. Tony felt himself smiling at the little boy, gently poking at his nose and cheeks.
“I’m sorry.” Peter said, looking sad at the fact that he was causing his papa to be angry.
“Show me where you got hurt.” Steve reached out for his brother’s arm but it was pulled away roughly from him.
“It’s alright. But if what you are saying is true then when the rainy season ends Tony will disappear. Right?”
“Okay~…”
He had missed this. Spending time with Steve like this was what he always looked forward to, the highlight of his day. He loved the warmth that Steve gave off when he sat close to him. The way their shoulders would occasionally bumped against each other, the way Steve would sneak a glance at him, smiling ever so slightly. It felt great.
It finally hits him.
“Good morning, Mr. Smith.” Steve said as he entered the building with a smile. He hung his jacket on the wall and got into his work clothes which was a dark blue jumpsuit.
“Good morning, Tony. Had a nice sleep?” He says in a teasing voice.
This alpha had a great body. Muscled and toned just right, not too muscular but not thin either. The perfect set of body parts assembled together to form the perfect specimen. His eyelashes were quite long and thick, lips that look chapped but soft to the touch. His blond hair looked so fluffy that Tony wanted to touch it badly. As far as looks were concerned, this guy was totally his type.
“Then, tell me about us. How we met each other, how we fell in love and how we lived.”
Peter and his friend, Wade, were waiting for the rain to die down before going home. It was a heavy down pour, going home in that condition was of no use even with a raincoat and an umbrella.  They sat side by side near the entrance, watching the rain in silence.
The wrist he had taken hold of was the injured one. The place where Steve had patched him up just last night. He winced in pain as Tiberius hardened his grip on it.
Steve shrugged in reply.
“Should I call the ambulance now?” Happy suggested, getting worried with his boss’ antics.
The little happy memories he had of his mother came rushing to him. The time when she would take time off from her busy schedules of going to places with Howard or organizing charity parties, simply to spent time with her son and teach him how to play the piano (Her amazing talent which she hadn’t pursued after getting married with his father). She would be so happy. The only time Tony would get to see her tender loving smile and know that even if she doesn’t always show it she had loved him dearly.
“Got something on your mind?”
“No.” He answers rather sharply. “Um, not really.” He corrected himself.
“Good boy.” He said, his voice shaking. “And it seems like daddy doesn’t remember who he is. Anything about you or me or that he had already died once.”
Tony’s eyes widened in shock. He was too stunned, too surprised as Steve cried in his chest.
“A one-sided love? Why?”
Tony ran out of his workshop to greet them. Feeling excited for Steve that he was able to finally bring back his long lost friend though a small part of him felt sad about it. Because from then on he’ll be the second best friend of Steve Rogers, because Bucky Barnes would always take top place in that aspect. And he was okay with that. He’s fine.
“Yes, I did. The truth is I’m thinking of moving to the city to continue my business so I’m closing down my shop as of today.”
“I’m sorry, Peter. I’m so sorry.” He felt pathetic. He couldn’t even do a simple task like this for his son. It made him want to cry.
Tony was lying down on his bed when he heard a knock on his bedroom door. He gave an annoyed groan, not even making an attempt to give a recognizable audible reply.
After dinner Tony helped Peter with his math homework and later on the two of them drew pictures together in his room. Laughing at each other’s silly drawings of animals that had no resemblance to the real thing. Tony concluded that he wasn’t very good at arts either.
The girl looked at him in awe at the way the blond was talking about his brother. Such affection in his tone.
This is so awkward. At least say something! I’m being a welcoming host for you, you know. Show some gratitude. Even a small smile is fine. Just do anything other than glare at me. He thought, annoyed.
“Shut up.” Tony breath out with a final tone to it. He rubbed his now swollen cheeks, walking towards his classroom. His body aching all over.
"If there's no more problem to point out I guess we can call it done?" He eyes the director. " Are we done,Fury?"
The radio then started to tell them about the weather forecast. That the rainy season has finally come. It would start in a day or two. Steve felt himself smiling wide on hearing that which caught Peggy’s attention.
Tony then saw a first aid kid held in one hand. Couldn’t he just be left alone? He doesn’t need to be treated. He can do it by himself. Later. When he feels like it.
“What…what was I doing in that old mansion?”
“You’re a cute kid, aren’t you?” He ruffled his soft spiky brown hair. A smile curving up on his lips.
Tony's hands came up behind Steve, running his fingers down his spine. Pulling him closer until there was no space between them. Steve also brought his hand to wrap it around Tony's slim waist.
I walk back into my lab, and begin to get things set up for Cap, when my phone buzzes in my pocket.
we end up playing truth or dare late into the night, it slowly becoming primarily truths, ending with us passing out together on his bed. we continue the game the next night, and 3 nights after that.
"I thought you were out on a run?" Iron Man's voice chimes in.
"YEAH, WE'RE DOWN HERE!" I respond.
"yeah but you've got the body like one." he almost whispers.
"Steve?" Tony asks, rubbing his hand over his face, and interrupting my thoughts. "ugh I feel like shit."
"so what film do you want to watch?" I ask, as we for it to arrive.
"yeah." he says, slowly moving up my body, hesitantly placing his lips on mine. I let my eyes flutter shut for a moment, completely relaxing under his touch, before carefully pushing him back.
you're making me sound like some virgin." I say, rolling my eyes again.
"shuddup." I mutter, laying back down. "and also we haven't had sex really."
"you slipped up, you'd had a hard night as it is. I'm proud that you came to me, I was so surprised you had the control to do that. Please, don't beat yourself up." I say, naturally wrapping him in a hug.
"you better be back." Peggy says, causing me to smile.
"yeah I can be there in 5. whats going on?" I ask, instantly setting off running again.
"thanks." I mutter, stepping into the spray of water.
"Okay I'm just confused where you guys are." I say, turning the joysticks on my controller and watching my car turn aimlessly.
"Yeah good mmhmm all looks good." Iron man says, nodding his head, which makes me laugh.
"Something in Afghanistan. the police out there aren't sure if its something to do with gangs, but theres American tourists that have been caught up in it." He tells me, showing me photos.
We both start at the same time, letting out a laugh after.
"good as new. wanna go and watch a film, Captain Spangles?" Iron Man asks, wincing as he stands up.
"are you sure you want to come to this? theres going to be a lot of boring conversations, and not much else." Tony tells me as he walks out of the bathroom, a towel hanging loosely off his hips.
"god why is it so funny to play pranks on her?" I laugh, unlocking the door and walking back into the kitchen. this becomes common, every now and again someone whispering a dare to the other, ranging from messing with Clint's bow, to hiding the CDs to Bruce's science documentaries and replacing them with porn. that one actually went quite bad, he almost hulked out when he realised what had happened.
okay, what the fuck.
"okay but I took it okay. I didn't know who he was and to be honest, I'm not all that surprised."
"oh by the way, Fury is having Stark host some avengers fundraiser/sorry for destroying half the city party tonight. Stark has me tending the bar." he tells me, rolling his eyes.
"yeah sure." I respond, as Tony throws his head back with a moan.
"come on, lets go play a game of something in my room so we don't disturb the rest of the building." He laughs, grabbing my hand and leading me to a room much like mine, with just 1 single bed in it.
"oh really? well Tony and I did our research, and Clint Barton barely exists. no house, no landline, no nothing." he tells me, pulling up different websites, showing only a birth certificate, and a few mentions in a local newspaper as a kid.
"okay, but you'd better call happy to let him know." She tells me, nodding at his pocket. "password is 5621."
"I'm sorry sir I did try." JARVIS chimes in, while Natasha's smile turns into more of a grin as she looks at something on her phone.
"why were you going to get drunk?" I ask after a moment, not wanting to cross any lines.
"you asking me on a date, Tony?" I joke, standing up to wash up our mugs.
"thanks. It was either get it cut or shave the sides off." I laugh, pulling my tie up to my neck.
"no, except for the shield. this is just something they quickly made when I became Cap." I tell him, watching as he winces at the thin fabric.
"uh- I'm fine, just out for a run. wait- am I on
"Brilliant. Could you tell me why the Captain went back to Brooklyn?" He asks, switching on a small device.
"Its just settling. means its either going to settle and be stable, or- well we'll cross that bridge if we come to it." he mutters, me catching on easily. the building is shifting, it could collapse on us.
Walking into the base felt surreal after the day he had. It felt like that sometimes when he was Steve Rogers for too long, going back to being the Captain, being in control.
“Did you find him?”
Tony looked at him incredulously. “Worried?” that really wasn't what he was expecting. “Why?”
Tony smirked, “Hot
Tony stared at them. He was calculating, trying to decide whether to trust them or not. But he didn’t have much of a choice. He did get here by himself and he must have known that they weren’t just going to let him walk away if he didn’t tell them anything.
“So, what now? Your plan was to get here, do you have a plan on how to get out?” Steve asked, after a while.
And then Steve was flying.
“I do.”
Tony kissed him, kissed him like a man drowning, like it was the last kiss they will ever share (because
Steve startled. He was not expecting that. “You don’t mean that.”
Tony bit his lip. “I want to tell you my story. The story about Iron Man, full version.”
“You'd probably punch someone,” she winked. “Now go get him.”
And while Steve was uncomfortable in big, social events, he let Tony drag him to a few, just so he could watch him be in his element. Tony could charm a crowd like no one else Steve met. When Steve asked him about it he just shrugged and said that he went to those kind of events since he was a kid so he learned all the tricks from the young age. Steve was more than a little impressed.
Under normal circumstances he would have been annoyed. He wanted to be, even now, but he couldn't. Not when he could still feel the cave around him, Steve's face just a blur.
They continued eating, conversation drifting to more casual topics, until Tony asked, “So, army? How long were you there?”
. “I thought you knew and that you... didn't care. Or were trying to tell me to back off... I don't know what I thought. I was too jealous to think properly.”
“I’m going to take that as a no,” she said.
wanted to be mad. Did Steve really thought Tony couldn't deal with Loki? It was Loki, for god's sake, it's not like they haven't dealt with him before.
“So you think they have a mole?”
“If I didn’t lie to you,” Steve added. It was one of his biggest regrets, and the cost of it will forever haunt him.
Tony blinked. “What?”
“Right,” Steve said, “I was just surprised you knew that. Many of the people I talked to today didn’t seem to have a clue.” Neither did Steve for that matter, but he was here for a job not the charity so he thought he was excused.
Most of them were worried, naturally, but they knew there was nothing they could do about it. Natasha tried to have a conversation with him, but once she realized how invested Steve was, she let it go, telling him she only hoped it won’t all blow up in his face. Steve hoped so, too.
Steve wondered how he was supped to get out of this conversation. He didn’t want to stop talking to Stark, but he also didn’t want Natasha and Clint to wait for him.
Yeah, Tony didn't particularly look forward to that.
It was unlikely but Steve still smiled and said, “Yeah, see you around.”
rich boy security,” the guy mocked, “is no match for the Mandarin. What the Mandarin wants, the Mandarin gets. And he wanted Tony Stark.”
Tony was just about to manually release the armor and make a run for it when Steve was suddenly there, tearing the stupidbots apart like cotton candy and looking like an avenging angel doing it (a feature only Steve could achieve, Tony was sure of it).
Steve took a deep breath. He hated remembering the next part.
Tony would have analyzed that more carefully and realized all the loopholes in that statement but his team was there and Steve was pulling his cowl down and was holding him by the shoulders asking him if he was okay and he looked so worried and Tony didn't want to think about anything else right now.
“What the hell were you thinking?” Yep, definitely mad. He was also wearing that disapproving expression only Captain America could. It somehow looked worried as well, but Tony blamed that on the head injury. “You could've compromised the entire mission, I told you to stay away!”
“Iron Man could do it,” Clint said. Steve glared at him. “Well, he could. Nobody’s a match to him in the tech department, not even your precious Tony Stark.”
The day passed as any other.¨
Tony broke the kiss first but only to say, “Let's go back to the Tower.” If Steve thought Tony's voice sounded odd or his phrasing unusual, it was a fleeting thought, and gone with the first touch of lips Tony initiated. They kissed until they couldn't just kiss anymore, until they needed more. They were still in the middle of the street, though, so Tony started to drag him back toward his car. Everything went by in a daze, the walk to the car, the drive to the Tower. It all lost focus until they were in Tony's penthouse and then all he could focus on was Tony, Tony's mouth on his, Tony's hands under his shirt.
