Not that Sherlock cared. Not that he could be bothered to think of Kendal as something other than John’s Goddaughter.
“Alright. I’ll take you home.” John said, placing an arm around Kendal’s shoulders before looking up at Sherlock. “Go talk to Lestrade. We’ll see you tonight.”
“That’s what he thought, yes. As it turns out, he was just as susceptible to suggestion as the rest of us.”
“And this is my mum and dad,” he said, introducing the pair behind them. Immediately, the woman pushed forward and smiled, showcasing perfect white teeth behind maroon lips.
John knew that she was thinking of her dad. Little girls weren’t supposed have thirteenth birthday parties without their fathers in attendance.
Now his arms were crossed, and his anger towards the man sitting across from him was seething under his skin.
“Doesn’t she have a-“ Sherlock exhaled, remembering one deduction he had forgotten. “Kendal’s mother left.”
It was his fault. He was so wrapped up in this child that wasn’t even his, so enchanted by her sad eyes and sweet voice.
“Uh, yeah.” Victor said, looking flustered, but not uncomfortable. John had a feeling that he was asked this often.
Kendal wanted to protest. Of course it wasn’t alright, of course John was clearly still mourning Sherlock. Of course she was a poor substitute for a man who constantly took him on adventures, who gave him lives to save, who probably never needed him to hold him while he grieved.
“Don’t you have to be at the clinic?” Mrs. Hudson asked, barely taking her eyes off of the coffee table she was dusting.
“Because if you don’t run fast enough, I’m going to catch you.” Sherlock said. “And I can think of at least fourteen different ways that I can kill you with just my hands, and I’m sure you’d rather just try to pursue a life on the run.”
“Mrs. Hudson had to go out this morning,” John said, handing her the steaming mug. “But she wanted me to tell you ‘happy birthday’ and remind you that your guests will arrive at seven this evening.”
“It’s alright,” He said. Unlike Sherlock, he didn’t ask before pulling her into his arms. “You’re alright.”
“Not hungry. And yes.” Kendal said, sitting down. “I have a song. I just haven’t been...well, focussing.”
Kendal shook her head. Even if it wasn’t okay to cry, which she knew it was, nothing could have stopped her from doing so. Nothing else was okay. She wanted her dad. She missed her dad like she would miss her own heart, and she wanted to believe John when he said that it was okay, she wanted to take some kind of comfort in the refuge of these unfamiliar arms, but how could she? She was twelve and had already lost what was dearest to her. Did people come back from that?
But still, she and John almost never touched. He sometimes moved hair out of her face or placed his hand on the small of her back when they moved through crowds, but he never pulled her into his arms or kissed her forehead, like her father would have.
“Because he-“ Kendal shook her head. “He was innocent. John could have helped him prove that, and he just- he just left.”
Which meant that Sherlock didn’t know, either. How could the world’s cleverest man be so remarkably dense?
“I’m Victor’s mother, we’ve known Kendal for years and years. Isn’t she something? Oh, you must be so proud of your daughter,” she gushed, taking one of his hands between both of her own.
John nodded his head. For the most part, Kendal’s wishes were granted. The party seemed modest and sweet, but still celebratory.
“Tea sounds fine, but I can make that-” Something caught her eye on her way to the kitchen. “John?” She asked.
“That’s nice of you,” Kendal said, taking a sip of her tea. John couldn’t help but notice that Kendal looked the least little bit sad. He had, on rare occasions, seen her fully smile as more than a courtesy or a facade. Her smile now had the edges of a grimace, like it took extra effort to keep it in place.
She had gotten better at crying as quietly as possible in the last few weeks. She knew to keep one hand pressed over her mouth to muffle the sobs, to duck her head enough so that her hair covered her face. If anyone looked directly at her, they would know she was upset, but they would also know that they should leave her alone.
“She’s turning thirteen in a few weeks,” She told John one day when Kendal was at Victor’s. “And I thought it would be good for all of us to have a little party, don’t you think?”
He wasn’t sure what to expect when Kyle Burke, someone who had called him about his duties (he had literally used that word) to his late friend.
John tried to stop himself from laughing, not out of genuine humor, but just marveling at how Kendal and her friends had learned a song older than they were.
She wrinkled her nose and looked down at her tea. “The ensemble members keep stepping on each other’s lines. Victor and I are having trouble with our waltz because my costume is so cumbersome and- well, he keeps stepping on my hem and...eh, it could just use some work.”
“It’s good to see you, mate.” He said, shaking John’s hand as he crossed Baker Street’s familiar threshold. “You’ve changed a few things, haven’t you?” He asked, looking at the streamers festooned from the ceiling.
“It was,” John admitted. “I can’t imagine we would have kept on for much longer, after all, we weren’t getting much younger.”
“I think so, too. I’ve been off-book for a while, but I’m worried about what I’ll wind up doing when they expect us to be off-book tomorrow.”
He came home to Kendal. They watched telly together. Sometimes he came home while she was playing her guitar in the living room and told her to stay when she offered to go to her room. She learned songs he talked about liking.
Somehow, he wandered over to the jewelry counter, half-heartedly perusing the selection of diamond bracelets and dangling earrings, all things that were for women, not for barely-thirteen-year-old girls.
“She’s still adjusting, you know, poor thing.” Mrs. Hudson went on, like she was reading this thoughts. “And I’m sure she’s just shy and a little frightened. It’s not your fault, of course, dear..” She said to him meaningfully. “She’s a very sweet little thing, really.”
John’s head raised, a terrible ache running through his heart like a dagger. He used to be greeted by music, but it was from a violin, not from a voice. It was born at the hands of a brilliant and horrible man, not from a sweet pre-teen.
“In his honor, indeed.” John said. “If you want, I’ll tell you about all the cases he didn’t solve and how those bullet holes got in the wall.”
He wondered how lonely he would have to get before he started dropping mothers of his goddaughter’s friends’ a line.
“I think you’re ready for tomorrow,” Mrs. Hudson said, sliding her script across the table to Kendal one day. This had become a routine for them; Kendal came back from rehearsal after school, Mrs. Hudson made her tea, and in exchange for drinking and eating a few biscuits, Mrs. Hudson would run lines with her.
MYCROFT: Lay low for at least 48 hours. If possible, try not to make it too apparent that you are back at Baker Street.
Victor realized that Kendal probably would have been more sympathetic towards Sherlock’s plight had her own father still been here, but he also realized that if her dad were there, they wouldn’t be having this conversation at all.
Kendal felt eyes on her. She was used to it, she had been treated as the mourner-in-chief for almost two weeks, now. It was wearing. All of these people who had gathered to mourn were gazing at her with pitying eyes, feeling so very sorry for the little girl who had lost so much.
John looked down and silently cursed Mycroft. He already knew everything about Kendal and her arrangements before he even called, he had a team walking into an abandoned house to retrieve a guitar within five minutes, but he couldn’t have been bothered to grab the right one?
“And you said you wanted things from me. I’ve certainly never been in a romantic relationship with anyone like you, so there’s every possibility that I won’t be able to fulfill your desires immediately, but you’re a patient man, to be sure-“
The Summer ended. Kendal started eighth grade. He woke up early with her so they could have breakfast together.
“Well- I mean, he and Sherlock weren’t boyfriends, but he’s- he’s mourning him like you’d mourn a lover. You should hear the way he talks about him, like Sherlock hung the moon and saved it a million times after.”
Kendal felt sick at herself for being angry with them. They were just being kind, just looking out for her. The lasagna she ate for dinner was bubbling in the pit of her stomach.
“Of course,” she said, reaching behind the glass and plucking it out of the display. “For your daughter?” She asked, taking it to the cash register at the end of the counter.
That was when she felt her knees hit the floor. She curled inwards, her arms wrapped around her torso, her forehead nearly touching the bathroom tiles. The tears came immediately. There was no steady progression from whimpering to crying to sobbing, she went straight to weeping. Kendal didn’t try to cry quietly; she was alone, there was no one who would try to comfort her.
John hadn’t drank in months, and that was thanks to the almost-teenager that he was wandering around a department store for.
Should he read into that? Kendal had been held at gunpoint when she said it, so there was every chance that it was borne of hysteria.
“Sherlock needed a distraction.” Kendal hiccuped, sitting up. “That was the only thing I can think of.”
3. Be Kyle’s carry-on until she turned eighteen. This was by far the most repulsive, but probably smartest possibility. Kyle was a businessman (Kendal never really bothered finding out what he actually did or what he sold or whether or not he was an axe-murderer; he was her dad’s best friend and that had been enough explanation for her entire life) who traveled constantly. Kendal knew that Kyle was fond of her, but she also knew that most of that fondness came from love of her dad. She would always be in Kyle’s debt; he had been the one to sort through all of the legal mumbo-jumbo and explain her financial situation (Kendal had every quid her father had ever made or inherited, but she could barely touch it until she was an adult) to her once her father passed away, and he had been the first to hug her tight while she tried to wrap her head around the worst news she had ever received. But constantly being at his side, probably slowing him down, was a poor way to repay him. And if he ever grew enough balls or grew mean enough to tell her that she was a liability, he would probably send her to some boarding school, which would make her feel like a true orphan. But being at a boarding school would mean being away from Victor and Amy and Oliver (whom she had not even considered moving in with. They had four children, for Christ’s sake) and whatever happened, she could not lose them. She could not bear to be away from them for any length of time. It just wasn’t something she was capable of.
“Do you think they give roles to people just because they’re mourning?” Kendal asked Victor on their way to lunch later that day, after the initial joy of being cast had passed. “Because if so, you’re going to have to pick up my slack.”
This devastation was different. It had long, straight brown hair and a frown and a voice that sounded like the saddest song he had ever heard and large blue eyes that almost looked like William’s.
John walked to the doorway. Kendal was there, on the bathroom floor, folded in on herself, weeping as he had wept so many times since the whole of his heart went away.
“And Kendal knew,” He said, shaking his head. “We’re taking her shopping tomorrow. Or to the movies. Or to a musical on the West End, whatever she wants. Maybe even all three.”
“John!” Kendal found herself yelling on her way out of the room. She met him in the middle of the hallway and nearly collided into him.
John’s lips paused on Sherlock’s ring finger. “She will be,” He said after a moment. “We’ll just have to take a little extra care of her.”
John had bought her new shampoo. She lived here, now. Her father was dead, dead and gone and so far away from her. Unreachable. Gone. Nothing left. Not a trace.
Sherlock nodded his head. “How could I not?” He wondered, a small smile on his lips. “You- the most capable and kind doctor in the world. You should invent a career for yourself- you’re truly the only one in the world.”
Kendal was all that was left of William Evans, but there wasn’t much left of her. Here she was, keeled over on this bathroom floor, these choking, racking sobs shaking her weak torso.
Kendal placed her blankets and comforter (she got cold easily, especially at night) on top of her sheets and arranged her pillows on top of those.
Kendal shifted slightly, resting her palms on his chest, pressing her cheek into the fabric of his sweater.
Kendal went through the list in her head. Each mental bullet point was a potential solution and why it absolutely would not work.
“Yes, I do.” Kendal said with an air of finality. “I just...I know that I’ll be good, here. I know that this is the right thing to do.”
“Believe me, I know.” Kendal said, rolling her eyes. “And I’ll fill all three of you in over lunch, then I hope we can focus on auditions. You know, the important thing that’s happening today.”
Sherlock didn’t waste time wondering about that and walked back to the living room. He took his violin from the mantle, fiddled with the tuning pegs for a moment, and set it on his shoulder.
Then Kendal started singing, and there really was something about her, wearing a blue gown with her hair curled and a microphone subtly taped to her cheek, that pulled him into the performance itself. Kendal knew what to do, she knew how to perform.
Victor snickered. “He came to the show and mum said he couldn’t stop smiling. I think that’s evidence enough.”
Ms. Granger and Mr. LePort had looked sad during her entire audition. That agitated Kendal. She stayed agitated through the cold readings they had her do and fought to stay demure and cast-able during their well-meaning inquiries. They asked her how she was, how she was holding up, how well she had done...
Kendal wasn’t his daughter, and that was never going to change. But she was his goddaughter and, more importantly, she was his.
Kyle smiled. “You’re just like your dad.” He stooped down to hug his best friend’s daughter. “Call me if you need anything.”
“Yes, he knew that Harry liked a drink because of the scratches by the charging port, he knew that my- ah, that my bloody limp was psychosomatic, he just- and he just rattled it all off to me like it was nothing, like it was just second nature, and I’m sure it almost was to him, and he could never resist the chance to show off.”
Kendal bolted straight to the maniac and jumped on his back, wrapping her arms and legs around his torso, tackling him fairly effectively.
She glanced over at the naked bed and knew what had to come next. She was glad, at the very least, that it was a queen, just like her bed at home. It saved her from buying new sheets. Kendal was very particular about sheets and realized how much she loved her own as she spread them across this new bed.
Other people’s were, anyway. John spent his last birthday discovering the difference between cheap gin and expensive gin, and realizing that when you’re sad enough, it all works the same.
“Advanced music...” John felt his voice die down to a whisper. He felt inferior, sitting here in this living room, knowing nothing about the child who also lived here, aside from her preference to neon-colored shampoo.
While Sherlock was explaining how and why he managed to fake his own death, John found himself looking down at his arms, tightly crossed on his chest.
“He was brilliant, that’s why he was a terrible flatmate. He could- ah, he could look at you and tell you things about yourself.”
“If you’d like,” He said. “I understand that things may be more complicated, with…” He glanced down the hall.
John nodded his head, remembering what it was like when he was new to London, a lonely man with a small army pension, who had no idea that what awaited him in London would change everything forever.
Kendal shrugged. The gesture looked like it required a lot of effort. “It’s fine. We’ll...we’ll probably figure something out.”
John took a deep breath and climbed the stairs up to 221B. The clinic hadn’t been easy on him today. On days like this, it felt like nothing was easy on him.
Everything that happened afterward surprised him. He didn’t expect to see a reflection of himself sitting right there in William’s living room, he didn’t expect his heart to open and break all at once the second that his reflection started talking.
John couldn’t remember the last time he told someone that he loved them. He vaguely remembered the last person he loved, but he couldn’t dwell on that, not tonight-
“It’s okay,” Victor said, circling his arms around her so that he was holding her completely. “It’s okay.”
There was a guitar case, her guitar case, in the middle of the living room, hidden between the two armchairs.
“Don’t you have some explaining of your own to do?” Sherlock asked, glancing at the child behind him.
“Kyle’s on a train bound for Dublin right now.” Kendal said. “He has a conference call in about an hour.”
What a ridiculous term. It implied a closeness that he and Kendal didn’t have. It reminded him of a time when he was so sure of himself and his friends. There was no way that William would die, there was no way Kendal would ever need him. Everything was so secure back then.
Next was a picture of Amy, Oliver, Victor and herself after Amy’s dance recital. Amy had danced beautifully that night and they had all told her so for hours afterwards. She put that one on top of the bookshelf.
“My mum used to read your blog,” Amy, her friend with bright red hair, said when they were introduced. “She wanted me to tell you ‘hello.’”
She glanced at her dresses, blouses, and sweaters and made a mental note to ask John about a place to hang them up. Maybe she would get around to asking him about that in four or five years when this place felt like home. For now, she carefully put them in the drawer beside her shirts.
John wished William were still alive. John wished Sherlock were still alive. He and Kendal were scrambling without their other halves in this world, trying to fit around one another like the wrong puzzle pieces.
Well, there was that one time, during her first week there, when he found her in the bathroom, but Kendal didn’t like thinking about that night.
Eventually, they arrived back at Baker Street and climbed the stairs back to their flat. Kendal’s heart started aching for John as she turned over his stories in her mind. Sherlock had saved John, on some level. He hadn’t told her that, but there was something about the way he spoke about his life before him that let Kendal know.
She forced herself to look ahead at the shrine. A picture of herself and another man was surrounded by white flowers. Funeral flowers. She looked at that version of herself, that happy little girl with that wide smile. She looked at the man’s photographed blue eyes, the only blue in the world that was exactly like hers.
Kendal was sitting in her normal seat, scribbling something in her notebook. There was something about Kendal, wearing her school uniform (Victor wasn’t sure why their public junior high school had elected to require uniforms. His dad said it was something about tradition. He didn’t mind, especially since the “uniform” was just a white button-up along with a tie or scarf of the school’s colors. Kendal, he noticed, tended to wear her shirt with high-waisted pants in the winter and skirts in the Spring, sometimes with black knee-socks, which made him believe that Kendal maybe liked looking like she had a uniform) and with her hair held back by a blue headband, that seemed nice. It seemed normal. It seemed like everything was back to normal.
One didn’t normally feel things in transport. But this time John did. There was a sense of an abnormal flickering, of everything being wrenched out of phase so that you were left seeing or feeling somehow at a wrong angle, one you were never meant to experience. It was
John thought, increasingly desperate at the thought of the two universes slipping further and further out of synch while this madness went on. He managed to push Sh’lok up against the wall again and land a few more punches, but within seconds he was on the floor again while Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson went at Sh’lok together—
But it was a feeling he didn’t care to take for granted. He never felt that presence quite as strongly as when he felt he had something to communicate to
protect this ship, Sh’lok, keep it safe and running—even in this dysfunctional context—so that you’ll be able to keep this unique knowledge secure while you come to fully understand it. By doing this you’ll keep the secret of the technique safe from those who’d try to find ways to exploit it for personal gain or Imperial advancement… and probably wind up destroying not just themselves, but everything else.”
Mr. Sh’lok glanced at Lieutenant Donovan. “Just received a distress call from a mining-facility planet around Alphecca,” Donovan said from her post. “A place called Janus Six.”
Nor did it: all he got was another blank look. “Will you take us where we can meet the others?” John said then.
If he’d noticed this kind of thing going on before, it had been in the form of slight  disappointment that the chess board hadn’t been getting what had for a while been its nightly workouts. And truly, John missed Sh’lok’s presence in his off time. But this was what a long mission was like: people cycled in and out of their routines, sometimes purposely so as not to go stale. They had been spending a fair amount of time together during and right after the omicron Ceti business: who knew, maybe a Vulcan needed to pull away a little after something that intense.
He turned away from her, because of course he was, and the less sign he showed of it, the better. “The Halkans have something you want,” she said to his back. “Or is it all some clever means to advance you to the Admiralty?”
The moment Sh’lok started getting lost in that imagery, John swiftly turned his attention back to that shadowy avoidance-shrouded place in Sh’lok’s ground of being.
“Watch out,” John said to her and to the crewmen looking around the rocky place in which they materialized. “We know their development is primitive—”
the drumbeat said in Sh’lok’s mind, and John was in complete agreement as he settled himself on his back once more, let his knees fall open, reached up to touch Sh’lok as his Vulcan knelt between his legs and pulled him partway up onto the slope of his thighs. John found the lube, filled a hand with it, warmed it, reached out for the weight and heat of Sh’lok’s penis and stroked it wet and slick until Sh’lok cried out uncontrollably with the pleasure of it.
Sh’lok looked at him, and John realised that his sudden wince of pain was not merely about what the thing inside him was doing to his nervous system. “Captain,” Sh’lok said, “I think you know. Or suspect.”
a soul,” Sh’lok said, and frowned one of those superior-scientist frowns in which he specialised. “And in this case I must hasten to add that scientific research on this subject has been well contaminated with wishful thinking, subjective or irreproducible results and confirmation error…”
Sh’lok looked at him from under long dark lashes, took a deep breath, and very softly said, “Ready when you are.”
“No, nothing in particular. Why?” Though John wasn’t sure that he was the right person to be asking about that right now. Sh’lok seemed to have gone on a slightly different shift rotation over the last couple of weeks, and he hadn’t been on the Bridge all that often when John was, as well as doing a lot of meditation in the evenings.
He shot a glance at Donovan and Hudders beside him: saw their ever-so-fractional nods. He didn’t have to look back at Lestrade: he knew what the answer would be, when he had a patient on the table.
to be comfortable in this chair. “Lieutenant Donovan,” he said, “I think I can handle maybe two or three more of those calls before my stomach turns.”
It didn’t last more than a second or so, of course, and there then ensued a bout of mental and physical rough-housing that John found himself enjoying tremendously despite knowing that there was no chance in Hell he could win it. Months of sparring with Sh’lok in the gym had taught him that the Vulcan’s strength far surpassed his own. All this meant from John’s point of view was that he had to be quicker than his opponent, smart about exploiting momentary opportunities for leverage, and always prepared to do something unexpected that Sh’lok wouldn’t have had time to anticipate. He concentrated on this, while also resisting by sheer stubbornness Sh’lok’s attempts to use the mindmeld to interfere with John’s nervous system or his muscular control.
and then with a kind of shattered grace Sh’lok was up on his knees and pushing John down on his back, kissing John’s nipples (and John squirmed and gasped, being exquisitely sensitive there, and of
“Indeed, Captain,” Sh’lok said. “That is unquestionably part of what I am doing.” And his voice went a bit aloof. “I must say that while technically interesting, this is… rather a disappointment. My mother did not raise me for a career in physical-plant management.”
“Well, I've made my report to you,” Vanderberg said. “Production’s stopped. Nobody’ll go into the lower levels, and I don't blame them. If the Federation wants pergium, then you're going to have to do something about it.” He glared at John.
Sh’lok’s gaze slid away from his, and John saw those eyes crinkling at the corners, and the mouth twitch into an upward curl. “Mmm.” A sound of neither agreement or denial, but certainly one of amusement, and as dark as a panther’s purr. “…In any case, who are we to judge?”
He wasn’t left much time to keep trying to think of some way to put off killing Sh’lok, as the Vulcan leapt down off the dais toward him, coming down in a crouch that John knew meant he was ready to jump again in a second. Sh’lok glanced at the way John was holding his
“I could phaser you out!” Sh’lok said, the timbre of his voice higher than usual. John lifted an eyebrow at the sound. It was odd and a bit unsettling to hear that deep steady baritone change register and go so raw around the edges.
Sh’lok’s penis, full and hard, rose up toward John when it was freed and then settled to lie angled over the well-defined muscles of his belly, quivering gently with his pulse. It was nearly as thick as John’s, though a bit longer, standing up with a slight inward curve from beautiful heavy testicles lightly furred with black hair, and shading from a pale ivory-green at the root to a soft olive at the head. The foreskin seemed ampler  than John’s and longer as well, with a faintly visible ridge hinting at the frenulum beneath. The whole effect was most appealing, as long and elegant as the rest of the man.
Sh’lok glanced back the way they had originally come. “The search team is gathering in the main tunnel.”
“Thank you,” John said. “I appreciate it.” And then he sat himself back down in the center seat, rubbing his back and wishing something could be done about the damn thing’s cushions and the issue of back support… except that he’d never take the thought any further, because no one was
“And it would be a crime, don’t you think, to waste the opportunity to resume our business of, um, exploration.”
John shook his head, got up and stretched. “You saw how the weather’s been since we got here,” he said. “Ion storms every other hour, plasma flares from Halka’s sun at a moment’s notice… That one CME yesterday could have taken a nacelle off us if the angle had been any less acute, Mrs. Hudson said.”
“Which happens to be my point.” Lestrade flung his hands in the air in frustration. “The thing won't die, even at temperatures and radiation which would burn Sh'lok and your niece to ashes!”
John filed the concept away for further consideration in advance of being beaten again (which he certainly would be) as the Transporter Room doors whooshed open for him. Except for Mr. Anderson, the most senior Transporter tech, he was the first in. “You’re early, Anderson. Very good. All sorted?”
He started to laugh, and Sh’lok looked at him oddly. John just shook his head, waved a hand helplessly. “Sorry, I just had this picture of all these Sh’loks—”
He strode across the ornate mosaics of the central hall and from there through a series of carven doors, keyed by material and carving style to the information they held. Right now, though, it wasn’t data he needed. It was personality, and the certainty and power linked to it: an area securely held deep within the virtual infrastructure of Sh’lok’s mind, protected by a maze to which the follow-the-left-wall solution would prove woefully inadequate.
When the shimmering stopped, John found himself standing in bright sunshine, with a slight warm breeze ruffling his hair. He took a deep breath, aware of any number of alien scents borne on that wind, but also of one that reminded him strongly of grass, the plain green grass of Earth.
As they entered the Bridge, Donovan looked up at John. “Captain? We're standing by on Vulcan hailing frequencies, sir.”
Which was a minor relief at a moment like this, though Greg was still cursing under his breath at how badly supplied this Sickbay was with the kinds of drugs that best suited Sh’lok’s finicky anatomy. The lack implied some uneasy things either about this universe’s Lestrade’s attitude toward Sh’lok, or (another possibility, both less and more disturbing) his unwillingness to rock the cultural boat by ordering in more than minimal amounts of them. There was just
Sh’lok’s face went still and his eyes lit with an expression that John knew very well: deduction, in progress at high speed. “Yes, of course,” he said, “the entire landing party.” Sh’lok gestured with the phaser, his attention already going to the shocked-looking Lestrade. “Captain, stand over there. Doctor, it is time for answers—”
S’kroft’s gaze caught and held John’s for a moment, almost as if he was looking for something. Wondering what that might be, John met that look and held it in return, as that something-cool crept softly down his spine again.
had made Sh’lok briefly withdraw from direct confrontation. The move was of course tactical. John’s own Sh’lok had shown him what a Vulcan did who suddenly lost control of a meld: they retreated to a safe place or inner stronghold to recoup.
“But not impossible, Mr. Sh’lok,” John sai, pacing away for a moment.. “The Denevan that flew into the sun cried out that he was
John snorted a little rueful laughter at himself and glanced over his shoulder at Bradstreet. “Readout?”
John felt the rumble of the words in his chest, and in response a wash of excitement and heat ran about under his skin as if he’d brought one of those fierce hot winds back from Vulcan with him. He swallowed. Then, slowly, keeping his eyes fixed on the silver-dark ones above him, John reached his left hand up to touch Sh’lok’s cheek.
The helmsman leaned over his console—propping himself up on it, rather— and looked over the controls. “No change from last reading, sir.”
touched was coming hotly alight with the touch of John’s hand, any kind of organised thought simply becoming unavailable with the intensity of it, the hunger increasing as it was fed.
“Hailing on all frequencies, sir,” she said. “The full spread of this region’s common languages and tradespeech dialects have been attempted. No response.” She looked peeved. “Now using standard interstellar symbols.”
“I was—” He never saw her initial glance at his board, as he had immediately got busy burying his face against her neck. “—getting bored! Of course—” His hands went up her back and she let them, let his face drop down from her neck and his lips find their way into her cleavage. “—this isn’t the time,” she breathed into his ear as the light started to flash on his console and he was too busy closing his eyes and shivering with arousal to see it, too full of the sound and feel of her warm breath in his ear canal to hear it.
Sh’lok held himself still for a long moment. There it all was, laid out so clean and simple. To this woman he and his life were merely pieces to be moved around the board for her own purposes… and not only his life, but also that of the inexpressibly precious one that she had used his to destroy. His loathing for her could hardly be expressed in words. As a bare beginning,
It took John a moment to find his voice again. “All right,” he said. “Well. Then maybe we could take a quick look at one minor issue before we start exploring this together. And that would have to do with, um. Orientation…”
John swallowed. “Now we’re about ready to bridge power from the engines to the transporter,” Mrs. Hudson said, “but you've got to get down there and free the board so we can lock in.”
John shook his head, grinning. “You may have let him run things up till now, but he’s no match for you,” he said. “You know it. Wouldn’t surprise me if a lot of the crew knows it too. Time
hold them off,” he said. “There will come a time when it will not be safe for me to remain aboard. There is a chance that should their influence over my body increase sufficiently again, they will immediately order the organism inside me to hasten its growth process—so that it may attack the crew of
liked, things had started to come apart. But the data remained, for her memory was excellent (as a comms officer’s had to be) and though the necessary memories were buried deeper than the least-used of fifteen or twenty interplanetary languages or the details of what Denebian slime devils liked for lunch, it was still there, and she fished it up.
With one final great heave John pulled free what he’d been touching. It was a heavy smooth stone, cool, polished, perfectly round; and all the fires of all the stars that
“Thank you. See what I mean, I can’t even keep them all straight any more, there are so many of them already.”
John nodded. “We're aware of that. If mining conditions here weren't so difficult, Janus VI could supply the mineral needs of a thousand planets. But what happened?”
“The end of life,” Sh’lok said in a high strange monotone, somehow sounding almost resigned after the previous anguished cries. “Murderers—” And something more desperate. "And
Where John stood, though, all that tremendous space was piled high with treasure: everywhere the glitter of gold, jewels by the tonne, a thousand kinds of rich and precious things. Everything was tossed and tumbled about, in heaps, in drifts, in dunes almost. It was a treasure the likes of which John’s world could never have seen.
Abruptly the darkness and the immobility came undone as Sh’lok was forcibly yanked away from Lestrade. When his eyes started working again, Greg gasped for breath at the sight of John Watson, slapping a hastily scooped-up phaser against his hip and shoving the momentarily off-balance Sh’lok back against the diagnostic bed. “Still got questions, huh?” John growled. “Then let’s get you sorted!”
And around them, in the dream, a starship on course for Altair VI took inventory of the souls within her, found her long-divided heart to finally be whole in itself… then smiled (in the manner of theoretically inanimate objects) and continued on her way across the oldest, longest night.
“I won't be able to give you the exact cause until I get their diagnostic panels back from the lab,” Lestrade said. “But they’re both in extreme pain. I’ve sedated them both heavily… but your sister-in-law seems to have a high tolerance, and the tranquilliser hasn't affected her much.”
embarrassingly wealthy, insofar as that kind of wealth mattered at all to a Horta. The last of the legal paperwork that Lieutenant Arbuthnot had given John to sign had involved the mining facility’s newly formalised licensing agreement with the Horta species, and John for one didn’t feel the need to make too much song and dance about the fact that Vandenberg and his people were now all the Hortas’ employees.
No answer came back for second after second but squeals of static and solar noise. Mrs. Hudson looked over at John with the beginnings of a grim expression. “Captain,” she said, “we'll get too close to the sun.”
“Well, all right.” Sh’lok cleared his throat. “Some of it can, yes. But not all. I need your help, because there’s something lost here that must be found.” He looked embarrassed. “It’s been much abused, you see, the connection between—“
The look with which she favored him now was trying hard to be detached and unmoved, but it was not succeeding. There was a gleam of contempt in her eyes that belied it. “Your name has been much whispered among our people, Sh’lok,” T’Eyreen said. “At first as the strange disrespectful one who spurned his House’s ancient traditions and went forth to seek his fortune among humans. Your story became a cautionary tale, and I realised I had no desire to be consort to one whose tale was told behind closed doors for amusement. Yet of late you are whispered about again, this time as one who despite all expectations has somehow managed to rise high in the Federation’s estimation, even to being called the best First Officer in Starfleet. As such, now you are becoming a legend among our people. And I came to know I also had no desire to be the consort of a legend, lost in the shadow you cast.”
John momentarily found himself wondering if, when he went looking for evidence of the Polish Sicilian Whatever-It-Was in the ship’s computer, he would in fact find it—not because it had ever previously existed, but because for his own amusement Sh’lok had gone out of his way to create an apparently-substantiating entry in the ship’s data banks for John to find.
“I sort of hate this to be over. For this little while… no responsibilities. Nothing but here, and now, and us…”
Breath hissed out of John at the thought of what it would be like when those trousers were gone, when that mouth—now breathing warmly on him through the cloth—would be able to have its way with him without any barriers being present. But even as he was reaching down to press Sh’lok’s face more closely against him, Sh’lok let him go, looking up at John with eyes both dilated to near-complete darkness and brimming with mischief. “My apologies,” he said. “I was consulting some of your experiential and technique-related resources, and I became…” He cleared his throat. “Distracted.”
That had occurred to John as well: it was too crucial a move to be mistaken for coincidence. “Do you think the creature is trying to push the colonists off the planet?”
them. So save their world! And then start changing yours enough for the better so you can deal with that data and go hunting. You’re the smartest man in any room, and
“He said he was transporting down to the surface, sir,” she said. “Your orders were that no one was to beam down unless you authorised it.” She threw Sh’lok a glance that was extremely dry, but also amused. “And knowing Mr. Sh’lok’s
Those arousal-darkened eyes gazed into his from very close, and the expression was a touch uncertain.
Oblivious to this, S’kroft was gazing narrow-eyed at T’Kait and T’Eyreen alike. T’Eyreen dropped her rebellious gaze to the sand underfoot, and T’Kait drew herself up and visibly smoothed her face to a mask. “I ask forgiveness,” she said, and stepped away toward where she had been standing before…but still quite close behind T’Eyreen.
“You’re only half-Vulcan,” John said. It wasn’t a fact to which John normally drew his First Officer’s attention, knowing he was sometimes ambivalent about some of its implications; but right now it was a vital element of what they were discussing. “What about the human half of you?”
“Can’t be helped, Mr. Sh’lok,” Watson said. “An actual threat to life so close to our patrol corridor will always be more of a priority than some meeting to set a timetable to form a steering committee to determine the venue for talks meant to eventually start sorting out the Orions. Assuming they
John thought, hearing the ragged edge of unexpressed compassion in Sh’lok’s words. But he had no leisure to entertain that thought any further, for the creature was moving again—away from them, though.
Donovan touched several controls. The voice that spoke into the air was hushed and weak-sounding, yet frantic. “Please hurry!
The Vulcan nodded, his attention still bent on the nodule. John finished his tea and wandered over to look at it himself… by way of an excuse to look more closely at his First Officer. “You seem fascinated by this rock,” John said after a moment.
Lestrade and the coverall-clad assistant vanished into a nearby lift. “Do you post sentries?” John said. “Guards?”
But the humanoid shook his head. “They are here,” he said. “You’ll see. The Others will come for you. They come for all like us.”
The chain of deductions that flowed from these few minutes was straightforward, if startling, based on data points which had unexpectedly removed themselves from the realm of the impossible, and were therefore unavoidably true. For one thing, parallel universe theory, so long mooted, was apparently now concretely proven. Sh’lok wondered ever so fleetingly whether he would someday be able to write a paper on the subject—or would survive its publication. That outcome was in any case far down a long dangerous series of causal branchings, since his life was in fact already forfeit for treason. Sh’lok had after all recognised the landing party not to be genuine officers of the Empire, and had failed to immediately denounce them; so should anyone else discover these officers’ imposture, there was a high probability that his death would closely follow theirs.
John sat silent in the center seat, watching his crew go about their work as if nothing unusual was happening, coming and going in what looked like complete calm. However illusory this performance might or might not have been, he blessed them for it. But there were things they couldn’t hide; and when he heard the turbolift door open behind him, followed by a kind of stoppage of breath all around him, his insides clenched like a fist.
Dr. Lestrade said, drawing his tall silver-haired self up as he settled his tricorder at his hip, “enough of that from
He knew that Vulcans found the whole concept of lying morally repugnant. But in watching Sh’lok carefully over their initial missions, John had quickly seen that his First Officer was quite expert at finding ways to avoid telling the unvarnished truth when his duty or his own ethics required it. It would be interesting to float the “You’re making that up, aren’t you” concept and see whether Sh’lok went all indignant at the very idea, suddenly changed the subject, or just raised one of those expressive eyebrows at his Captain and told him he was in check again.
Correct,” Anderson said. “It's your play. I hope you succeed, because the order would fall on me next. And you know how Captain Watson's enemies have a habit of… disappearing.”
Bones stood there looking so insufferably superior that John had to stifle an urge to hug him. But it occurred to him that he had better things to do with that urge… and that someone else in the room, who had been in a rather combative mood as regarded intimacy that day, might possibly take such a gesture the wrong way.
Within half an hour, John was down in the lab with the others as Dr. Hooper carried the creature in its containment module into the heavily shielded test cubicle, setting it down on a platform under a hastily rigged light-generator plate. “Your figures,” he said to Sh’lok as they sealed the cubicle shut, “are of course accurate…”
Taking the upper lip between his, now. Ever so gently sucking at it. Letting it go and then finally, finally coming to grips with that luscious-looking lower lip. Stroking it in turn… then just the briefest nip. Not enough ever to hurt, just enough to get the tissue’s attention, bring the blood in a bit, heighten the sensitivity.
of it all. It was only by the sheerest accident that John caught sight of Mr. Sh’lok moving quietly over to the engineering station. “Mrs. Hudson…” he said.
. “Their pacifism is of a depth and commitment that even Vulcans might envy,” Sh’lok said, “were we a people who indulged such distasteful emotions. Our past—with its early acquisition of interstellar travel capability—necessarily equipped our own species with far more pragmatism about violence in self-defense. Such was necessary to survive through discovery by other species in ancient times, and into the present. But the Halkans, only newly discovered by other worlds and species, have had the leisure to maintain their stance so far.”
small flourishing hydroponics facility: she was also a xenobotanist). She started the legalities rolling, and to John’s eye they looked nearly impenetrable; but to his relief, all he would have to do was sign off on the preliminary agreement Arbuthnot derived from the already-extant boilerplate.
get enough of that mouth). It also left Sh’lok in a position to carry on a conversation (and check to see whether John was paying enough attention) while simultaneously thoroughly examining and analysing John’s privates for differences and similarities to his own. At least that was his
One way or another they never really stopped touching each other. Sometimes it was simply for the pleasure of being able to do it without the proprieties and strictures of the Service in the way. Sometimes the attraction between them simmered up into arousal again, but with the edge of urgency relieved for the moment, they could simply relax into the gentle heat of it, with or without the mindmeld. And while the meld admittedly had its attractions—the incredibly swift interlace of thought with thought, of shared imagery and sensation—there was also a pleasure in the pace and sound of the spoken word that both of them enjoyed, in having to take one’s time to guess or understand the other’s thought and motive. After all, they had been functioning that way quite effectively for a long time now. And even the mere spoken word gained all kinds of nuance when whispered or breathed softly right into another’s ear, while elsewhere hands touched or stroked and spoke their own language.
S’kroft’s gaze went back to Sh’lok. “Thou nam’st these outworlders ‘friends’. How dost thou pledge their behaviour?”
“Mine,” John whispered. He wrapped his legs around Sh’lok’s waist and pulled him in closer still, and Sh’lok cried out in near-anguished delight.
John did. Tunnel after tunnel after tunnel, Horta-hollowed cavern after cavern… all gleaming smooth, many of the tunnels ridiculously long, intersecting and branching and interweaving in three dimensions. He shook his head, stymied.
John stood there gazing at the schematic and trying to think clearly. There was only one good thing about the last fifteen hours of stress: they had worn the worst of the edge off his initial fear and rage. Both were still there, but both were reduced to a kind of dull roar. “I can’t afford to guess wrong,” John said under his breath, as if to someone who wasn’t there.
“Oh, go on, Sh’lok, get it over with,” John said. “There’s nothing for you to do up here right now except twiddle your differentials and mock a bunch of minor planetary functionaries.”
Lestrade looked around him and shook his head a little. “And they still go mad at this time. Perhaps it's the price they pay for having no emotions the rest of the time…”
The woman in purple sat there looking at them as if she couldn’t begin to imagine why these things should ever be a topic of conversation.
He broke off as if afraid to say it. But what he was thinking hit John so hard that he actually reached out to this Sh’lok and took him by the shoulders and gripped him, shaking him a little in absolute triumph. “That, oh my God Sh’lok, that one of them’s a John Watson like me, maybe even a Captain of an
While this was one of the less-than-perfectly defined aspects of his duties as Captain, John knew most of the ship’s gossip, especially as it involved his officers. Anderson had had a wife on Earth, in the British Midlands somewhere; there had been a divorce, and it had been messy. While that relationship was coming undone, he and Donovan had become an item. And then the itemhood had come undone as well—mostly from Anderson’s side, said the scuttlebutt; guilt, anger, an inability to accept his own responsibilities in the matter as a whole.
Off the miners went in their various directions, leaving the Captain and Sh’lok alone in the dim corridor. John turned to his First Officer and saw him looking unusually still and intense: listening. “Mr. Sh’lok?
Something flashed across Kara’s face—a kind of shock, perhaps, and maybe even a touch of doubt, in the face of  John’s utter certainty and the sudden sternness of a man who had no doubts about which way
The touch of velvety skin against his mouth, warm and delicate, was unquestionably accentuated by that sharp rich scent, stronger here and so desirable. John just smiled and gently stroked the foreskin halfway down over the long graceful head, opened his mouth, and guided Sh’lok in, closing his lips around him…
about doing his bloody job, has kept him on his feet and functioning this long. He’s a mess.” Bones rubbed his eyes. “And not long for this world if something’s not done right quick.”
Sh’lok’s eyes narrowed. Far from trying to contain his anger at all, it was getting more evident by the moment. “I have made my request, Captain,” he said. “All I require from you is that you answer it,
John looked down at the still face and even now, even in this horrible moment, had to smile with affection. “He is very much like our own Mr. Sh'lok, isn't he,” he said softly. He nodded to Lestrade. “You’ve got that minute.”
A thought presented itself that Sh’lok had had earlier and hadn’t been sure what to do with. “By saving my life in this way, you have conferred a value upon it.” He met Lestrade’s gaze, though he didn’t really wish to. “I must admit that it is a currency I do not know how to spend.”
After his ordeal on the Tantalus colony, he’d seen the Sickbay monitoring video that Lestrade had made of Sh’lok and Dr. Simon Van Gelder, locked together in mindmeld. It seemed deceptively serene at first, until you noticed something very specific: the expression of frozen horror on van Gelder’s face. Initially John had written that off to the terrible mental trauma Van Gelder had suffered at the hands of the colony’s head.
Not the air, not the heat, not— It was—” Sh’lok shivered a bit. “It was starting to break the fever, that ferocity of yours. That purpose. A sense was starting to creep in that I was fighting for… the wrong mate.” Sh’lok swallowed. “A little longer—
He hoped she was right. “Good luck. Watson out.” And he put the communicator away as the lift doors opened on the Transporter room’s deck, thinking of how Mrs. Hudson and Dr. Lestrade were up a Jeffries tube somewhere half the ship away, finishing their work, sending a signal—
Lestrade shook his head to clear it and saw Sh’lok’s face twist into a snarl of frustration. His hands shot up to grip John’s face as he’d gripped Greg’s—but John’s expression went fiercely resolute as his own hands lifted and his fingers pressed into matching locations on
Lestrade winced once, and then again, his eyes going tense  with something that John first read as pain and then thought
and got hold of it again, but John leapt on him, forced him to drop it again as he pushed him down on his back near the front of the dais, and brought his own weapon up to shove it down toward Sh’lok’s throat.
Sh’lok began to develop a faint shade of expression that to John looked uneasy. “Captain,” he said, “I do not wish to find myself opposing you. But if you continue on your present course, this confusing, inexplicable behaviour—”
“Yes, I know, Molly.” Sh’lok paused. “I want you to know that I’m sorry about the plomeek soup.” He saw her head go up a little with surprise… but then their work had brought them together often enough that she knew how rarely Sh’lok saw any need for those two words in dealing with other sentient beings. “Do you suppose,” he said, having given her a moment or two to get over the shock, “that you might consider making some more?”
Bradstreet was looking at his tricorder at the moment. “Captain, that power we picked up on above? We’re getting closer…”
He sighed as the Transporter room doors hissed open for them. Mrs. Hudson herself was behind the controls… no accident, John was sure. She gave him a very innocent look that nonetheless suggested she was expecting to be briefed in full when John got back, and would probably break out one of her collection of Scotch whiskeys to encourage him. All he could do at the moment was waggle his eyebrows at her and get up on one of the pads.
The air filled with a savage sizzling noise and Dimmock reeled backwards, his features contorting into an awful grimace as he went rigid with pain. Sh’lok followed him until he had Dimmock pinned against the wall, twitching and moaning against it. Just when John thought he couldn’t bear it any more, when he thought despite all his best intentions he was going to shout at Sh’lok to stop it, Sh’lok pulled back and deactivated the device.
“…Well, maybe not if we can get the Halkans to see sense and let the Federation take them under its wing.” John reached up and indulged himself in just a moment’s worth of slipping his fingers through those silky curls that were also only his to see when Sh’lok was off duty and the built-in timer on his esoteric Vulcan custom hair product had counted itself down to zero.
“Mr. Sh’lok,” John said, dropping into the center seat and swiveling toward his First Officer. “Report?”
“I've charted the positions of the deaths and acts of sabotage,” Sh’lok said. “Here, here, and here.” He pointed at the screen as Vanderberg returned to his office. “If the times of these incidents are to be accepted as accurate, the creature would have to have moved at an incredible rate of speed.”
She nodded to both of them with slightly awkward dignity and turned away to head a few doors back down the corridor, to Sh’lok’s quarters. Dr. Hooper pressed the buzzer, and the door slid open for her. She vanished inside.
“Aye, sir,” Anderson said, sounding most dubious, and glancing at John and then hastily away, as if trying to hide a thought.
Mary whipped around toward him and all the anger that had been seeping out of her eyes now leapt back into them.
Resigned, John headed back and nodded at Dr. Hooper, who was looking a bit uncomfortable. In fact, she was blushing.
And there was the poor man himself on screen, Tharn, looking drawn and anguished, and still resolute. John’s insides twisted at the sight of him, and the thought of what he was about to put him through.
“Aye, sir,” Dimmock said. On the viewscreen the huge, blinding, bloated sun veered away to starboard, vanished.
“and in light of their present life situations, in line with options available to them in Vulcan law, they’ve agreed not to continue the relationship.”
John sent Giotto and his crewman off to brief and redirect the rest of the security team, warning them that the creature now on the run was in this sector of the mining facility and was wounded. “And Giotto,” John said as they turned to go. “The man who died in the tunnel here— See that his personal info file is on my desk when we get back up to the ship.”
That split second of anguished inattention was all it took for Sh’lok to leap forward again, roundhouse-swinging the
“Well then,” John said. “Nothing terrible’s happened, so I suppose we can safely leave the crew running things by themselves that long.”
And even more, he could have used some context on the man who came after the red-headed woman. He was in a slightly different version of the silver over-tunics worn by the other men—one cut low and square to show off the impressive musculature of his chest. He was carrying a polearm with a long curve of blade down one side of it, like a razor-sharp feather of some steel bird’s wing; and he wore a peculiar sort of cap-and-half-mask that left his eyes uncovered but hid his nose and mouth.
prospects are about to change significantly. Killing a Starfleet officer as the latest in a string of serial murders will doubtless cause a noticeable shift in your career trajectory.”
. What was there now was frankly a masterwork built out of bone-memory-guided calciridiograft and clonilage; it would be sheerest ingratitude to resent it. And though the big overlapping patch of autoderm covering it wasn’t perfect no matter how many times John had to get it regrown, it all
He could have laughed at the unlikely indignity of it if he wasn’t so completely pissed off. There was a third man between Bradstreet and the turbolift door, and then Bradstreet himself.
John slid a sidelong glance in the Doctor’s direction. “Blame Lestrade,” he said. “That was no tri-ox compound he shot me with. He slipped in a neural paralyser.” It was hard not to be appreciative of such cleverness exercised on the fly, especially when it had saved his life. “Knocked me out… simulated death.”
John dismissed the Security detail, thanked Mrs. Hudson, and headed out. Lestrade went with him in an advanced state of annoyance. “John, that man is
Unfortunately the Security guard didn’t seem inclined to take the suggestion. “I’ll have to check with Security Chief Anderson, ma’am.”
All around her, the Bridge crew’s attention was jerked away by that sound from the little drama unfolding at the Comms station.  Everybody looked up, and all eyes went just a little scared, and every crewman and officer on the Bridge leapt up to salute the man who’d just come in.
They headed off down the hallway, John in the lead, Lestrade after him with Luma, and Bradstreet bringing up the rear with the control that Lestrade had handed him for Sh’lok’s body. John had most of his concentration on the communicator in his hand when they came to an intersection with another corridor—
Put that way, the omission was striking, but John wasn’t at all sure what it meant. “So,” he said, “somehow or other, before all the Hortas were gone, their hatched eggs, the shells… went away?”
Now he could understand Lestrade’s unwillingness to say the words. “I don't know why, or where, but she must have taken it.” John’s shock was beginning to wear off now, and heating up into anger.
Lestrade was following him, confused by the muted response. “What's the matter, John? We can do it!”
Quickly John realised that all this treasure, every single piece of it, was a fragment of data, or of memory. And this incredible mind held so much data cached that John kept wondering
The next moment he moaned with anticipation as he felt the first blunt kiss of Sh’lok’s cock against his entrance. John kept his eyes fixed on Sh’lok’s and bore down against that sweet touch. As he did, John felt the slick broad head press in, and in, and
Lestrade shook his head, glancing up from his tricorder. “She’s not, John. No change in reading. She doesn't know.” He looked down at the readout again, scowling. “And there’s something else going on with her cerebral function that I really don’t like—”
There they did their almighty best to just hold him in one place. Even with four of them it was hard work. John could barely spare the attention to register the sound of the turbolift doors opening again as Sh’lok writhed and struggled in their grasp, once again yelling, finally almost
—and was instantly dropped to the floor in a looselimbed heap, struck down by what seemed to be a phaser bolt from outside. Except that it was
For a moment she was plainly shocked to hear a sentiment she would never have expected from him—or rather, from the other him. Yet that look too shifted, and unexpectedly Mary’s gaze, locked on his, was telling John that right now there was one thing she particularly wanted to be.
After perhaps a minute the hum started to die away again, and as the room went quiet once more the helmet lifted away a little from Kara’s head. Her body seemed to relax a bit; her eyes opened.
around John’s neck, and then found enough purchase to roll the two of them over again. Once on top he lifted John with one hand by the strap around the back of his neck and with the other by the fist clenched in the neck of his uniform tunic, shoving him up onto the central dais and nearly over the edge of the little firepit there as he tightened the
“Having seen what you are—” And John could hear what this Sh’lok would do anything not to be made to say:
thereafter, would have brought him any momentary breath of relief from the pain assailing him, he instantly found such hopes to be misplaced. Now, as he made his way to Sickbay and Lestrade’s office, he understood that whatever else happened to him now, he must leave Starfleet as soon as possible. Every corridor in this vessel spoke silently to Sh’lok of the man who would no longer walk here beside him, smiling, arguing, just
John swung into the Bridge and found all his officers intent on the viewscreen and their own sensors. One after another they started reporting off to him. “Phaser banks standing by, sir,” Dimmock said.
He breathed out in slight relief. They were doing the same calculations he had been doing, then, though he needed no computer for them. They would soon be as aware of both the ticking clocks as he was.
who were able to enter his quarters without him authorising their entry first, and of those, only one of them was female. He had heard her outside his door before she’d even touched it.
John thought, glancing down at the sheathed knife affixed to this Sh’lok’s golden sash-belt. He could just imagine what his own Sh’lok would say about such a thing.
for, why humans were so insistent on keeping them around in the first place, instead of abandoning them as liabilities. That mind dove swiftly inward and soon found the outer core of John Watson, assessing it with some astonishment and pressing in deeper still. And as it did so, inevitably it came up against John’s experience of another Vulcan... and then intimate contact with the Vulcan himself.
“At the risk of appearing insubordinate,” Sh’lok said, “I feel I must claim that position for my own.”
“Yes,” John said, glancing at something on the floor that he and Sh’lok had passed while chasing the creature it had fallen off of. “We took a bite out of it.”
Anderson was still in shock that she would dare do such a thing. It took him a moment to recover enough to start leaning forward again. He snarled at her, “You take a lot of chances, Lieutenant!”
“You have twelve hours to consider your position,” John said, hating this whole situation more intensely by the second.
Sh’lok had paused by one tunnel wall, his tricorder warbling softly. John moved back to him. “Mr. Sh’lok? Find something?”
, it was as if red-alert sirens started going off inside John’s head. The turbolift stopped as it reached deck five, the doors hissed open, but John couldn’t  look away as Sh’lok turned toward him.
And suddenly the thought of anyone else doing that with Sh’lok bothered him, bothered him irrationally, bothered him a
Sh’lok instantly perceived that there were lines in his face that did not belong there. They had not been there an hour ago when John left to beam down to the planet… and they
John continued his circle around the room, trying to get a sense of what things were, and mostly failing. “You say you're breathing, pumping blood, maintaining temperature? Is it possible that you're re-circulating air, running heating facilities, purifying water?”
John gave Sh’lok what was meant to pass for a resigned look and stepped away. “If you gentlemen are finished, would you mind laying in a course for Starbase Ten, Mr. Sh’lok?”
John got up and went to have a closer look at it, standing beside her. “It's not that bad,” he said, hoping she might tell him something more useful about the device.
Reports and other paperwork kept John in the center seat for long after cocktail hour. There was also the immense relief to deal with that came with knowing that Lestrade would be able to save Rosie after all... though soon enough would come the difficult business of finding her the care and help she was going to need after losing her parents in such traumatic circumstances. Finally, when everything was logged, John turned to poor Ensign Zahra, who had been having a yeoman’s orientation for the record books and probably was heartily sick of the sight of him. “Yeoman,” he said, “record this for Starfleet Command—”
sensitive than most, not less. And quite soon the children I studied with realised that. They used to plot to find excuses to touch me, in order for me to feel how much they disliked me.”
Sh’lok knew…), stroking his chest, his flanks… then bowing himself over John’s hips. He spent some moments first gently rubbing his cheek against John’s cock, again with that sense of unbelieving delight… and then turned his head and started stroking it with that soft, soft hair.
John snorted. “…Bloody mindmeld,” he muttered. “But he does let his tech folks do all the ‘unimportant’ stuff? Including, particularly,
John was readier for it this time, but still starting to simmer with a low fury that for the moment felt far preferable to the recurring gut-fluttering fear he’d been working so hard to master.
“Doctor. You were not there to hear what I said to my Clan-brother before I returned. He bade me live long and prosper. I told him I would be doing neither. Leaving the issue of prospering aside… I would not have lived long past John’s death.” Sh’lok swallowed, looked away. “It was no threat; merely a statement of fact. For those who either by intent or accident have done violence to one who—one who they… Well.” He shook his head. “In Vulcan experience, life seems to make a habit of finding them some way, fairly quickly, to depart.”
She tried to run, but John caught her by her upper arms first. “How does it work?” he demanded. “Show us! We'll protect you.“
stopped. Thousands of the nodules were shattered and lay crushed and broken, scattered around and ground to fragments by machinery and boots, trampled on like so much garbage.
—” He swallowed again. “So when you reach out to me, and touch… if I hold still, it’s because the longer the moment lasts, the less I… That is to say…”
“Very well. Increase to warp seven. This is life-or-death stuff for them; wouldn’t be kind to keep them waiting.”
, sunshine, your grasp of physics may be a wonder to behold, but your chemistry’s not all it’s cracked up to be
“Do they come from the sky?” he said at a hazard, thinking that possibly this man be talking about aliens. Or perhaps he had some rudimentary knowledge of spaceflight, or at least might have seen a ship—
“And for that sin, in your mind, they all deserved to die horrible deaths,” Sh’lok said in his coolest and most unmoved voice, one calculated to infuriate.
Sh’lok gazed down into John’s eyes, his expression growing more amused but still seeming a little at sea.
John watched, feeling the tension ratcheting up, and though this scene would have been enough to command his attention, other matters needed it too. He flipped his communicator open. “Lieutenant Commander Giotto.”
Except then the Transporter room came fully clear and real around them, and John sucked in a breath of utmost relief and got down off the pads in a hurry, heading over to the figures standing behind the main control console. “Sh'lok was right, it was a rough trip—” John said.
Lestrade shook his head, incredulous. “John, leaving aside the logistical difficulties… where are you going to look? In this whole galaxy, where are you going to start looking for Sh’lok’s brain?”
and the bone, could be skittish. But when you were stuck in a place like this, where equipment had been moved around and some drugs were missing or replaced by congeners (particularly cheap or inadequately tested ones) that Greg didn’t trust:
Shortly thereafter John was standing behind Lestrade’s desk, not quite at attention but in a most erect and intent parade rest, staring down into the monitor there at the image of Admiral Komack.
owned), and he saw him now as his father had shown him to Sh’lok in mind, long ago: the ruddy fur still glossy and rippling (its owner being overdue for the post-winter clip), the front right fang not yet broken.
His heart leapt in him: not just at the sound of that voice—itself dark in this darkness, part of it, and oh God
“As, I would say, are you,” Sh’lok said, picking up a discarded undertunic and not even needing to look at it before handing it to John to be dealt with or put away. “Since you were the one who mentioned the Klingons and the Romulans…”
In any case, with every breath Sh’lok’s dark fragrance was curling into John like some exotic musky incense, making it harder and harder to concentrate on anything but sex.
John was barely out of the doorframe before Sherlock was approaching and leaning past him to hand the cabbie his fare. When John opened his mouth to protest, Sherlock flashed him a dark look that said he would do no such thing.
"If you're looking for my wayward brother, he's been closed up in the studio for weeks now. London Fashion Week was a success for him,  so he's been working day and night on commissions. I've more or less been relegated to a secretarial position."
"You alright in there, mate, sure you didn't drown or anything?" Lestrade's raspy growl filtered through the door warily. John opened the door, a sheepish smile pulling at his lips. "Hiding out are we?"
The hours passed and though his stretched out legs grew tired and his arms ached, Sherlock held steady.
"This is wonderful, John," Mike's voice cut through the haze of his thoughts, gently nudging John back to the present. "Professor Loughton is most certainly going to want to publish this interview in the Daily Scientist. I'm thrilled."
fault that he felt like he’d fallen several stories and landed in every painful way possible. The only thing that hadn't hurt was his face.
John rolled his eyes and returned to his make-up. “Could have been something, if you hadn't interrupted.” He picked up his face powder and smoothed it on his cheeks, watching the wrinkles fade under the layer of pale powder.
"Mycroft," his clipped between gritted teeth, spitting the name out like a curse. "Yes, I've read your ridiculous report. All of those sweets are scattering whatever brain you might have, and your waistline, apparently. I won't be meeting with Moriarty or that underhanded snake, Magnussen. Why James would place an infantile fool like that over his financial department is beyond me."
“Stop it,” Sherlock hissed, startling John out of his pessimistic musings. He was cross. Sherlock snatched John's glass of champagne and placed it on the tray of a passing waiter, before grabbing John by the arm and hauling him out of the hall and out the doors. With a quick call, the driver was pulling up to the kerb, but Sherlock didn't wait for him to open the door. Sherlock pushed John inside first and followed after, immediately reaching for the button to roll up the partition.
“I'll be out in a moment,” Sherlock shouted through the door, glad that at least his voice didn't tremble. “Make tea, please!”
John returns home one final time and makes a request of Sherlock that may alter the outcome of his bleak future.
“John Watson?” Holmes asked, by way of greeting. John nodded in affirmation and stretched out a hand, which was promptly engulfed in the man’s large, warm grasp.  “Sherlock Holmes.”
Mike's lips were parted in awe and John resisted the urge to reach out and close his mouth. "You can't say no, John, you have to take it," his friend implored. "Do you know how many people would kill for an offer like that?"
She stared at him, waiting. John shook his head, unable to hold her gaze. “I wanted to be in a better state.”
This was Greg’s first thought upon being rudely awakened by whatever the fuck his bloody lunatic flatmates were getting up to downstairs.
texting, which he knew Sherlock preferred. "I hear your diet isn't going well for you, Mycroft. You nearly put a hole through the stairs on your way up. Rest assured, Mrs Hudson would have your head for that; not mine."
He sighed, hugging Sherlock closer. “I'm sorry, Sherlock. You've been wonderful…” And he had, so why was something tickling just at the back of his mind? Why wouldn't the uneasy feeling fade?
Although it wasn't safe to run his tests at home without a certified medical personnel to supervise, Sherlock didn't trust getting others involved. If anyone else found out about John's condition, they would take him away and he’d be nothing more than a specimen. Sherlock knew, because he would have done the same if it were anyone other than John. No, no one could know, or Sherlock would never see John again. He’d be subjected to strangers poking and prodding at him for the remainder of his life, or what life he may have left. Only time could tell, but until then, Sherlock would do all he could to keep his partner alive, no matter the cost.
Holmes’ palm slid up the small of his back, warm enough to light a fire in the pit of John’s belly as they slowly meandered up his ribs, dragging his shirt along with it. Hot breaths on his neck made his heartbeat stutter and his hips hitch against the leather couch, until John was panting into Molly’s mouth. Holmes was a hard, rigid line against the crack of his arse, his cock eager and insistent even through John’s denims.
“Yes, well…” John muttered, finally releasing his grip on the vanity table. His skin was flushed with excitement, but his chin dipped down to his chest, and he refused to meet Sherlock's gaze in the mirror. “You're not done yet.”
Sherlock turned, willing Lestrade to leave, but instead, the man followed him to the bedroom where the bag of nappies and baby powder were, along with the wipes. Anthea made it seem simple. For a woman who didn't have or want children, she was knowledgeable in the childcare area. Sherlock fumbled the first few times, but the fourth go was a success and now he considered himself a master of the skill. One must be a Jack of all trades.
They spoke at the same time, stumbling over one another’s words with the same nervousness one would expect out of two teenagers on their first date.
He stretched languorously atop his sheets, a small smile tugging at the corners of his lips as he snuggled down into his pillow. John could stay in bed for the rest of the nigh-
John smiled and dropped his gaze, smoothing his hands over the sheet between them until Sherlock caught it with the hand not tucked under his head. “It was brilliant,” he replied, squirming a bit under Sherlock's intense gaze. It
Sherlock snarled at the thought of how long he’d been waiting. No, Mycroft could try, but Sherlock knew his brother better than anyone else. He often forgot that Sherlock had eyes and ears of his own, and the necessary resources to bribe anyone he so chose. Not even Mycroft’s own “thoroughly vetted” staff were immune to the siren call of money. Dangle a few hundred pounds here, a well-disguised but decipherable threat to line that offer, and the promise of more where that came from, and Sherlock held the strings to Mycroft’s puppets.
When he was opened and slick, Sherlock removed his fingers and John placed the head at his entrance before sinking onto him. They didn’t bother with condoms, as their profession required regular STI screenings. Neither of them would have been able to shoot the video if any of the tests came back negative. Maybe a part of him also enjoyed feeling Sherlock without the added layer of latex.
After he’d read the letter John left on the kitchen table, Sherlock had known that it was John's way of saying goodbye, but that was unacceptable.
John could feel his hand trembling under his duress. How did they see him, now? A shaking, mess of a creature; destroyed and mentally fragile, a burden.
The hand that had been weaved into his hair was now gripping his thigh in a tight grasp. Holmes was restraining himself, John realized.
Sherlock hadn't stayed long afterwards. He’d retreated to John's minuscule bathroom and washed himself off, then left without a word. He knew himself well enough to figure that it wasn't enough to assuage his appetite. He’d return, and John would be there waiting for him.
Everyday following, Sherlock would monitor his phone in case Jasper called, and occasionally sent texts of his own that went unanswered. A quick message to Mycroft would ensure that Jasper was well accounted for, and all Sherlock could do was wait for his return. He’d never been torn before, never experienced what it was like to have to choose. There were times in his life when Mycroft gave him an ultimatum, the most recent being his last relapse, in which he had to choose between the drugs or his custody of Jasper. Of course Sherlock chose his son, and completed the rehab program on the condition that he see Jasper every day.
For a while, Sherlock didn't answer, though his gaze stayed steadily locked with John's, a silent clash of wills to see who would give in first. It seemed like miles between them, though they were barely a foot apart. John wanted to close it, press Sherlock up against the counter and kiss his smug face.
The younger male looked up to the man standing across the room and like an epiphany, he realized how selfish he was being. Sherlock needed him. His son had just walked away from them both, and all of it was by John's own doing. What kind of man would he be to walk away and leave such ruin in his wake.
John sat up to run his hands through his hair in annoyance. At this rate, John was going to go prematurely bald. “No, Sherlock- just… no. That's not how it works.”
The kitchen was chaotic, as Sherlock preferred it to be; everything was right where he wanted it, save for a small space on the table that had been cleared to make room for a couple of plates. Sherlock set the bag from Angelo’s atop a stack of papers and skirted around the table to stand beside John.
, John," he stated, as if it were beneath him, which John would bet his life that was exactly what the prick was thinking.
“Mm,” Sherlock moaned, catching the soft flesh of John’s lobe between his teeth and balancing it on his tongue. “It is taking every
Sherlock hadn't been more elated than when he’d been presented with a John donning a bespoke suit that hugged his subtle curvature like a glove. Sherlock refused to leave the flat without a taste, and like a good boy, John gave it to him, spoiling him with luscious kisses and swollen red lips descending to his cock.
Molly writhed in his lap, biting her lip to stifle a whimper as she rode John with short, quick thrusts.
A deep, throaty growl rumbled through the floorboards beneath John's bare feet, pulling him from his dark memories, and he glanced over through the haze of his own change to see Sherlock, weight balanced on both feet with one hand braced on the ground while his skin trembled and blurred. Sherlock's bared teeth had lengthened into sharp points and his jaw creaked ominously as his mandible stretched to accommodate the new form.
Honestly, John had no idea and no answers to give. He hadn't stayed long enough to prod Holmes for more answers, and the man obviously had elsewhere to be.
What could the alpha have possibly gone through to become so cold. John found himself honestly wanting to know the truth of Sherlock's past, though there was no way to read it on his skin or his face, or the way he held himself.
John squeezed his eyes shut beneath the blindfold, forcing his muscles to relax. He'd never given himself like this to anyone, but John was sure that staying tense wouldn't make this experience enjoyable.
John wasn’t completely surprised. Ten years in the industry and he’d learned to work with what he had. Holmes wasn’t the first complete tit John had the misfortune of working with. He was, however, the best-looking one so far.
John was afraid for Sherlock, and if he were to be honest, he was also frightened for himself. Could he possibly bring himself to go down that road again? He cared about Sherlock, maybe even loved him, but would it be wise to pursue a relationship with an addict? Wouldn't that mean that Sherlock's first love would always be the drugs?
It was late. The shelters were filled for the night, so Jasper would have to find a place to sleep. It had been three days since his last wash in the loo at a restaurant he didn't even remember the name of. The water had been tepid and the instant rush of cold air on his skin upon emerging was harsh and biting. He missed the comfort of a warm bed and hot tea. The free cup they gave out at the shelter were always bitter and over-steeped. Jasper was sick to death of soup and he would kill for a bacon butty.
The director called for a cut and a crew member brought Molly a bottle of water, which she drank down. John still hadn’t quite escaped Holmes’ wandering hand, and his partner seemed reluctant to break contact as they stood.
Sherlock turned his head to John, lips twitching near the corners as he held back a smile. "I believe so, yes."
"Fuck, is an accurate analogy," Sherlock whispered hotly in his ear, before he turned John's head roughly and captured his lips in a bruising kiss, thrusting his hips more vigorously now against the smaller man's. Their cocks were lubricated with precome now, and Sherlock dropped a hand to their erections. He pushed back the foreskin and stroked once, twice, thrice with a heavy hand before letting go and grabbing John's hips with both, aligning their bodies and setting a punishing pace
Sherlock seemed to be the quicker of the two to recover. He rolled off of John and laid beside him on the floor, looking over to make sure he was okay.
Sherlock swooped down and took his lips on a punishing kiss, and John was helpless to its spell. Sherlock's teeth clashed painfully with John’s but it wasn't enough, they weren't close enough. Sherlock pressed him back against the door, fitting his thin waist between the ‘V' of John's splayed legs.
A smirk played at the corner of Holmes' lips, coy and suggestive. The distance between them pulsed with a palpable electricity that sparked wildly with attraction... and danger.
John blinked once, and then again, slowly, clearing his thoughts. "Really, I'm fine on the couch, and besides, I don't really sleep much throughout the night. I wouldn't want to wake you or anything."
John stared. He might as well be without a tongue, because he couldn't get his lips to move, couldn't push the words out, get them past his larynx. Mycroft was holding out the folder, expectantly patient, but John couldn't move. His strings were cut and his equilibrium was off.
"I figured there was something you weren't telling me," he started slowly, "so I thought I'd find out myself." John had never heard Jasper's voice so flat and unanimated before, and John stood, feeling intimidated and admittedly frightened.
Jim's smile widened as he peeked into the envelope, and in a moment of unadulterated pleasure, he sang, “I know something you don't know!”
John began to pull Sherlock’s cock in earnest until Sherlock was buckling over him, his long upper half nearly draped over John as tremors wracked through his body. “John, JohnJohn,
They set her on her feet, and she skipped to the stair, clicking her heels before she stepped down. More male dancers stood on either side of the steps, holding her hands as she danced down them effortlessly. Lady Grey grabbed one of the dancer’s ties, pulling him forward pleadingly, her red lips parting in a coy grin. “Black star!” Then on the other side her, she wove her hand into another man’s tie. “Ross Cole!” Lady Grey pushed them away in disgust before stomping down the stairs. “Talk to me, Harry Zilder, tell me all about it!” She turned and fell back, expecting the men to catch her. Over the palms of their hands, Lady Grey stretched her arms over her head and arched her back.
John imagined long, pale finger drawing the strings of silk pyjama bottoms, a strong hand wrapping around a blushing erection.
Sherlock whipped his phone out of his pocket and dialed Lestrade's number, swearing when he didn't pick up on the first ring.
Many believed that taming an Alpha involved whips and chains, and radical methods of breaking one's spirit. Sherlock was aware that there were many tamers who chose such means to get through to an Alpha, but Sherlock chose a rather unconventional method.
Finally, Sherlock folded his arms over his chest and turned to John, dropping his eyes so that they didn't meet John's when he began to speak. “You weren't meant to see me in such a state, John. I… I owe you an apology.”
Janine led the way to the office door and knocked softly. Inside, he could hear papers being shoved around and Holmes' deep voice arguing loudly with someone on the phone. "It’s no fault of mine that you're too busy sticking your face between your secretary's thighs you can hardly do your job. I sent you a list yesterday of everything that was to be shipped out, and now I have clients calling me due to your inadequacy to stay on task..."
Sherlock could hear it as clearly now as he could his own heartbeat, in that moment. John wanted to be there just as much as Sherlock wanted him to be, and he was ready.
Sherlock straightened up from his slump and prowled towards John, crowding him against the wall. With a steady hand— far steadier than John’s gelatinous knees—Sherlock tilted his chin up. “Another time perhaps,” he said softly, before bending close to lay a sweet, lingering kiss on John’s lips. “I wouldn’t dare pass up an opportunity to see you like this again, though a more ideal location would be preferred.”
John's eyebrows lifted nearly to his hairline at the revelation, and Sherlock smirked back, suitably smug. “Three years ago, Angelo was implicated in a particularly vicious murder. I proved to Lestrade that he was in a completely different part of town, house-breaking.”
"Tell me you're taking the piss, Sherlock," Lestrade said, running a hand through his salt and pepper hair tiredly. "You've got to be- there's no possible
Growling, he ripped away to unclasp the other belt, and made quick work of the stockings. He had been planning on slowly stripping those knickers away, but he had to have him then, or he thought he just might die.
It was a cold statement, one that even John felt the sting of, and Victor stepped away, as if scalded. What could accurately describe the pain of watching a loved one leave, with no knowledge as to whether you will ever see them again? It was the slowest of tortures; always dwelling on your last minutes with that person, and whether you said everything you needed to say before they were gone.
Afterwards, when the heavy breathing and hot panting died down, the slick on their body cooled, John tried to remember a time when there was another that made his heart beat in his chest the way that Sherlock could. If Sherlock decided that John wasn't what he wanted, would John ever find someone else that made his every breath feel sweeter, the ache in his body, so pleasant?
When Sherlock finally released him, John awkwardly scurried off in the direction of the den, with semen crusting uncomfortably on his stomach and in his navel. The entire walk back, he prayed that his progress to the nearest bathroom wouldn't be impeded by anyone, most of all Victor. The last thing he needed was to fight the man over Sherlock. It was just a one-off, a momentary lapse in inhibitions that he was already regretting, but the hunt had been so successful and Sherlock, so alluring.
"I don't think you quite appreciate the restraint I exercise in not setting you straight, Mr Watson." Sherlock's baritone rumbled over him like satin sheets and midnight storms, sultry and deep. "You are quite careless with your words."
