Benny brushed past Cas and wrapped one arm around Charlie's middle picking her up off the floor, physically removing herself from Dean. "Thank you." Dean grumped fixing his shirt, "no problem brother. Congrats by the way." Benny smiled, and Dean blushed, "uh, thanks…" he said quietly but quickly smiled when Cas came up giving him a quick kiss. "I can't believe I'm going to be an Aunt!" Charlie squealed plopping down on the couch, "um Charlie, I hate to burst your bubble… But you wont actually be his or her aunt…" Dean said rubbing the back of his neck. "Don't care. The kid will call me Aunt Charlie." She said crossing her arms and stuck out her tongue.
Cas woke up smiling, he can't remember the last time he actually woke up smiling. 'I'm going to be a father…' he whispered to himself smiling wider. Sure he knew they were way too young to be having a baby, but it happened and he couldn't be more excited. He got ready for school grabbing a pop tart out of the box before Gabe could get to them and ate it while he waited for his brother to take him to swim practice.
Dean doesn't know how long he laid there, but was brought out of his thoughts when there was a knock on the door. "Dean? Can I come in?" Mary's voice came through the door. "I guess." Dean said loud enough for her to hear, the door creaked open and Mary turned on the light making Dean flinch. Mary walked over and sat down next to her son, "Dean? Do you like this boy?" Mary asked softly and Dean sat up but didn't look at her.
Cas rolled his eyes tugged on his boxers and started his homework. He started thinking about the collage for photography and came to the realization that he doesn't really even have family pictures… "Well shit." He said and hit his forehead on his work desk. He stayed like that for awhile until his phone buzzed, he looked at the caller id, "what Gabe?" Cas groaned,
He briefly wondered if this is what finding your true mate was, he knew deep down that there was some sort of bond; but he also knew that finding your true mate was practically impossible. When is knot finally went down, Cas slowly pulled out and Dean made a small noise in his sleep but never woke. Cas pulled away and rolled over to his other side since is right side was completely asleep and soon went to sleep.
“We’ve actually been talking about it. That was before the miscarriage and everything.” Dean said. “I’m not sure I want a dog though… I mean I love Lucy but I’m not a big dog person. She was always more Sam’s dog anyway.”
“Go get your jacket on.” Cas instructed. Henry ran off and Cas threw the rag he used to clean Henry’s hands and face into the laundry room. Dean set up the last dish to dry and drained the water.
“I love you so fucking much.” Cas groaned once Dean’s panties were reveled. He yanked too hard and the fabric ripped.
Cas knew that Charlie and Benny only said they were going to go find Dean so he would, so when he found him in Bobby's he was alone. "Dean?" he asked softly, "m'fine. Leave me alone." Dean said working on a page for the yearbook. "No, come on. Talk to me." he said pulling a chair next to his, since he was on the big computer behind Bobby's desk.
Half way through the movie, Dean found himself watching Cas more than the movie, he couldn't help but concentrate on his facial expressions when a new scene came up. His gaze flickered down to his lips and Dean couldn't stop thinking about what it would feel like to kiss them. "Cas." Dean whispered and when Cas turned his head he flinched just a little from Dean's closeness.
“I got everything to make a pie, so yes I got pie but no I didn’t because I still have to make it.” Cas said and handed Dean the bags of Mexican food.
While he was gone I started to remember, leaving the Roadhouse, getting hit, then Dean. Oh god Dean! My heart monitor was going nuts by time Gabe and the doctor came back in. "Castiel, come down please." The doctor said, "Dean! He-he oh god is he okay?!" I said my heart rate still frantic. "Dean is fine, mostly. He slipped into a coma shortly after you two were brought in, he has a broken arm, many cuts and his head was damaged a little causing a little swelling in the brain but nothing to be worried about." I nodded and my heart rate started going down, "th-the twins?" I whispered not looking up afraid of the answer; "the twins are perfectly fine, you're very lucky." The doctor said and I let out a relieved sob.
Hi, so I'm not dead.... And I'm so, so sorry I've kept you waiting. I know I said I'll get the next chapter up soon and I failed at that, and as for my last rant on the last chapter I said I started dating someone. Well, that turned out to be shit, we met, planned a date, he never showed up then I found out like a week later he had a girlfriend! So that was fun... (not...) Anyway, thank you all for being so patient with me and I love you all for that, but work has been fucking hectic and I'm now done with school so hopefully I'll have more time to write. Love you all <3
They got to the mall and Dean dragged Cas to the art store. "Dean, what else do you need? You just got a few things for your birthday." Cas said trailing behind him, "I just want to look." Dean said disappearing into an isle. 10 minutes later they walked into a photography store, "Dean…" Cas sighed, "Shush, I wanna get some frames for the pictures we're gonna take when he's born." Dean said looking at black picture frames.
“We should set an alarm because I’m about to pass out.” Dean mumbled. The last thing he heard was Cas telling Siri to set an alarm for an hour from now.
"Dean, did you really just run down two flights of stairs to remind me of this did you?" he asked, "Cas. We didn't use a condom." Dean said finally getting his breath back and Cas froze. "Shit." Cas whispered, "uh, um w-we, do you think you'd be able to get pregnant that fast? I mean after already giving birth?" Cas asked, his turn to start panicking.
"Well, good luck see ya later." Charlie said after a quick hug and I headed up the steps to the door. "MAMA!" Mary squealed running towards me once I got the door open; "hi baby. Did you and aunt Charlie have fun while I was gone?" "Yeah, we colored and we watched Tangled!" Mary smiled and dragged me to the living room where Dean was laying on the couch with his arm draped over his eyes. "Daddy, mama's home." Mary said in a quieter voice and Dean dropped his arm and sat up. "So… How'd it go?" Dean asked "fine." I said sitting down in the chair.
“Oh my god I love you.” Dean said and kissed Cas again not realizing he shoved Cas into the wall at the same time.
“Benny is not a bad guy buddy. He’s a cop like papa. He helps people and daddy has known him since he was a little boy.” Dean explained.
Once he got the cap on he washed his hands and sat in front of his bed waiting what felt like a life time. When he figured enough time had passed he took a deep breath and looked at the test and felt his stomach drop and his heart stop beating for a second, staring back at him was a pink (+). "Fuck." Dean sobbed and brought his knees to his chest and cried.
"I'll go get Dr. Maddison so she can get you an ultra sound to see you're pups okay?" I nodded again and let the tears fall. "Cassie? Do you want me to stay?" Gabe asked, "please. But, call Missouri, I want my baby girl." I whispered. "Alright, I'll call as soon as the ultra sound is over with." Gabe said then he was hugging me and crying. "Oh god Cas. I didn't know what to think! They-they called me, all the said was there's been an accident and your brother and brother-in-law have arrived at the hospital. Sam and Jess had to give me a ride here I was such a mess. I don't know what I would do if I ever lost you." Gabe sobbed and I rubbed his back. "It's okay Gabriel. I'm okay." I whispered, "but you need to stay calm too, we don't need another person in the hospital." I teased and earned a small chuckle from him.
"Some jackass jumped him at school." Bobby growled, "'m fine." Dean said "bullshit." Mary growled and that shut Dean up because Mary hardly ever swore. "Any other injuries?" Mary asked once Dean's face was cleaned up and had an ice pack against his swollen eye. "He got a few good kicks in." Dean muttered, "alright, well let's go take an X-ray to see if any ribs are broken."
John left and Dean and I sat there in silence for a while. "Cas are you sure you're okay with this? I know it's right after Mary's accident, but dad's real excited about this restoration." Dean asked coming over to the couch. "Dean, it's fine. Really… How long will you be gone?" I asked taking his hand, "uh two, three days tops." Dean replied. I told him it was okay and we headed upstairs. "Cas? Why is Mary in our bed?" Dean asked when he came into the bedroom. "Because I want her in here tonight." I said heading towards the bathroom, "Cas… She's gotta go back to her room sometime. I let you sleep in here when we got back, but if we keep letting her do this, she's going to get the idea she can sleep with us whenever."
"Here." he said and held out the shirt. "Oh you all are pansies." She rolled her eyes and finished changing. "There, now you can open your eyes." Dean and Benny opened there eyes slowly and were glad to see Charlie was fully clothed, "that's actually a good idea red." Benny said and started unbuckling his belt, "woah! What are you doing?!" Charlie mocked and Benny just flipped her the bird and took his jeans off so he was in his boxers and a t-shirt. "I'll be right back." Dean said grabbing some of his stuff, "what? Too shy to change in front of us?" Benny winked, "no… I just have to pee and figured might as well change while I'm in there." Dean said and walked out.
About an hour later, both boys were woken up by laughter and noise coming from the tv. "The fuck? Who would be down here?" Dean groaned sliding out of the bed and walked behind Cas. "Gabe?! What the hell are you doing here?!" Cas asked shocked, "well Merry Christmas to you too little brother. Nice digs by the way." Gabe grinned standing up to give Cas a hug.
Dean was pulled out of his trance when he heard Mrs. Collins speak, "class, we have a new student, his name is Castiel Novak. I expect you to treat him like you would with your friends. Castiel, you can take the empty seat in the back." Dean couldn't believe his eyes, standing in front of the room was one of the
They both couldn't be happier, their baby was home and healthy. Cas made his way back to the nursery as Dean was lowering Henry into the crib. "Good night Henry. I love you baby boy." Dean whispered and backed away, Cas leaned into the crib and kissed Henry's forehead, "night Henry, I love you." he whispered and Dean and Cas backed out of the room.
Dean sat down holding in a sigh of relief since he had been standing the whole art show, Cas followed him silently and just stood at his side and crossed his arms. "Now, the real reason I'm here. Ms. Barnes has shown me a lot of your work. Would you be willing to sell me your mountain painting and the one you did last year of the sunset?" he asked and Dean just stared at him in shock and he heard Cas gasp a little. "Y-you want to buy my paintings?" Dean asked, Alex smiled, "I would… I would also like to ask you if you'd be willing to work for us also. Starting salary would be $10 an hour. Of course we would give you two months of paid paternity leave." Alex said and Dean just sat there, "uh… Can I think about it?" He asked, "of course, here's my card. Give me a call when you've reached a decision." he said handing the card over, "oh and for the paintings, I'll give you 300 each for them." "$300 DOLLARS?!" Cas said shocked, "yes of course. They would hang in the amateur part of the museum. That's where you'll spend some time if you decide to work for us Dean. Think it over." Alex said and he was gone.
After dropping everything off at the bakery, Dean and I returned home around 5:30. "Mama, Daddy!" Mary yelled and ran to the door to greet us. Dean picked her up "hi baby girl. Were you good for uncle Gabe today?" I asked after kissing her cheek. "Yes mama, we watched movies." Mary replied and we headed to the living room to see Gabe passed out on the couch.
“I dunno.” Henry shrugged and continued to eat his grapes. Dean glanced over to Sam who seemed very interested in the book he was reading.
Cas grabbed a bag of M&Ms and shut the light off before heading to the living room. He pulled up Disney+ and queued up Coco, told Henry to put his toys away and come sit next to him. They shared the bag of M&Ms and Henry was out like a light before the movie was over. Cas loved times like these, when it was just him and his son, of course he loved it when Dean was here too. But, something about just being the two of them was special.
Cas came out of the bathroom in just a pair of shorts just as Henry took a bite. “Midnight snack?” Cas teased.
Dean ran down the steps and grabbed Sam's arm, "Dean, what are you doing? What's wrong?!" Sam asked when he noticed Dean was crying, "nothing, let's go." he said. "Wait, what about Cas?" Sam asked when they got in the Impala and drove off, "fuck Cas." Dean growled.
By time school was over, Cas was ready to go home but he still had to go to work. He shut his locker door and almost knocked over Amelia. "Oh sorry…" Cas said, steading them both, Amelia chuckled and put her hand on his shoulder, "it's alright Cas. I shouldn't have snuck up on you.". "Riighht… Um what do you want Amelia?" he asked brushing her hand off, "I just wanted to say congratulations." she smiled, which Cas saw right through. "Uh huh, well thank you and goodbye." He said and walked around her.
They were laying in Cas's bed when Cas brought up the dance, "Dean?" "hmm?". "Do, you want to go to the dance?" "well, I don't think I'd be able to find a date this late in the game, but I don't know, it might be fun…" Dean grinned and Cas just smacked his chest, "very funny.". "Yes, Cas. I'd love to go to the dance." Dean grinned and rolled on top of his boyfriend and pressed their mouths together.
Finding nothing interesting on tv I pulled out the Hobbit and put it in the Dvd player, "you two along with your sister are either going to be the biggest nerds or going to hate your father and I for all the movies we'll force on you." I said earning a few kicks in response. I just started the second one when Dean came down the stairs carrying a half awake half asleep Mary down the stairs. "Morning." Dean said and laid Mary on the couch next to me only to have her get up and snuggle up to me. "Good morning." I replied. "How long have you been up?" Dean asked and dropped into his recliner. "Since 6:30…" I sighed, "6:30?! Jesus Cas, it's Saturday!" Dean said, "I know, but Henry and Lily don't care. They were up and movin'."
Dean woke up to soft music coming from the kitchen. He rubbed his eyes and looked at his alarm clock, 11:30. "Jesus!" Dean said and got out of bed thankful that his ribs didn't hurt as bad as yesterday and went downstairs. Mary was in the kitchen making lunch, "hey sweetie. Did you sleep okay?" Mary asked once she saw Dean come in. "Yeah, better than I have in a while actually." Dean said grabbing the carton of orange juice out of the fridge. "Good. So, did you and Cas have a good night?" She asked putting the casserole in the oven.
“Ooo I love that game. Alright I’ll count to 20 then come find you okay?” Henry nodded and waited until Charlie closed her eyes. He knew the perfect hiding spot and took off.
"Caasss." Dean whimpered, and his heart broke a little, "I'm here Dean. I'm here." he said walking in and stood next to Mary, who handed him the rag she was using to wipe away the sweat. "Hey." Cas whispered and smiled a little and pushed Dean's hair off his forehead so he could kiss his forehead.
I decided to relieve Dean from his misery, "Dean, why aren't you helping Charlie clean up?" I asked sliding my arm around his waist. "Sorry baby, took some things to the van and these… lovely… ladies wanted to chat." Dean said and bent down to kiss my cheek. "It's okay, let's just clean up and go home to our daughter." I said clearly amused that the women looked disappointed and left. "Thanks Cas." Dean said while walking back to the table, "no problem, you know, it was kind of funny." I chuckled "shut up."
"Okay, well… Dean and I found out that we're True Mates." Cas started, "that's awesome! Is that what this whole ordeal was about?" Gabe said a little confused, "no, but if you shut up and let me tell you." Cas glared and took a deep breath, "the reason we found out we're True Mates is because Dean is… Dean's pregnant." Cas said looking at his brother.
"I'm proud of you." Cas smiled, "what? Why?" Dean asked fixing his shirt and went to fix his glasses before he remembered he wore his contacts. "You normally freak out when people want to see or touch your stomach." Cas said moving closer to stand in front of Dean. "Yeah, well… It's Christmas and it's my family…" Dean shrugged pecking Cas' lips before joining everyone in the living room.
“Henry.” Dean sighed, “I just meant not to loose it or forget it at school. You didn’t have to run into a burning building for it.”
“She can keep the furniture. I don’t even care. I’ve got everything I want/need.” Charlie said once they had the last load of things packed.
Dean and Cas sat there in silence enjoying their time together, Cas was tracing random patterns on Dean's skin when there was a knock on the door. "Yeah?" Dean called out, "uh, mom and I are going out for Ice Cream… I'm assuming you don't want to go, so do you want us to bring back anything?" Sam said through the door. "Just bring back some Mint Chocolate Chip, Cas and I can share." Dean replied, "alright be back later!" Sam said and went back upstairs.
“Hey, I told you to call or text me any time no matter what time.” Dean said. “Now, what’s going on?”
"Thanks for the offer Gabe, but even if we didn't have the basement, I couldn't leave Dean." Cas said, "wait, how did you get an apartment?" he asked, "I have my ways, besides dad got tired of my tricks so he said that he'll cut me off too if I didn't move out." Gabe shrugged pulling a sucker out of his pocket. "Oh, and I've got a present for you and Dean-o." Gabe said, "it's upstairs." he continued and turned to make his way up.
"Dean. Just humor me for now." I said turning on the water and stripped of my boxers. I took a quick shower, mainly because I was starting to fall asleep standing, but I wanted to get back to Mary. I shut the water off and wrapped a towel around my waist, "shower's open." I said coming back into the bedroom, "k, thanks." Dean said stopping to kiss my neck as he walked by. I pulled on a shirt and a pair of pajama bottoms and crawled into the bed pulling Mary closer and fell asleep. I woke up when I felt a dip in the bed and saw a very shirtless Dean crawling into bed.
"Twins?" John asked staring at the sonograms with happy tears in his eyes. "Aw come on dad don't go all soft on us." Dean joked, "shut up boy." John growled but there wasn't any threat behind it. "That would explain why you're so fat." Gabe said munching on a candy bar. "Look who's talkin'!" I teased back and John handed the sonograms over.
They sat there for awhile munching on chips when Dean felt his phone buzz in his pocket. He slid his phone out and saw that he was getting a call from Cas, he slid off the stool and went to the living room. "Hello."
20 minutes later Jo and Ellen walked in and found Dean in the living room upstairs with Lucy. "Hey, you got like a whole set up downstairs, why you up here?" Jo asked plopping down next to him. "I dunno, just felt like being up here." Dean said and bumped his shoulder against Jo's.
Charlie and Dean shuffled the cards and got everything set up before Cas came back downstairs. They were still waiting when Dean’s phone buzzed.
"Why not?! That would be amazing!" Mary smiled, "I-I don't know… I get self conscious when people look at my art. And it leads to things." Dean said quietly and absently started snapping the hair tie against his wrist. Mary noticed and she reached over and put her hand on top of Dean's to stop him, "honey, if it makes you feel uncomfortable, don't do it." Mary said in a soft voice. "I know, but I kinda want to… I just don't want to feel like this." Dean said pushing his half eaten food away and Mary just stared at him trying to figure out what to say.
“Dean. I don’t even know where to begin. I love you more than life itself. You’ve given me a beautiful son that reminds me so much of you its insane. You are the bravest, kindest person I know and to this day I can’t believe that I get to come home to you every single day. When we moved here junior year and I walked into that class room I knew instantly we’d be together forever, not even believing in true mates. We’ve gone through so much together and I am so happy you’ve stuck with me through it all and now we get to stand here today and begin our forever.”
Mary got home quickly and she could hear loud bangs coming from upstairs. She ran up the stairs and saw Dean struggling to get to the bathroom in nothing but his boxers. "Dean, sweetie what are you doing?" Mary asked walking over to help her son, "water, cold water." Dean mumbled tripping again on nothing, "alright come on." Mary said quietly and sat Dean on the closed toilet while she ran a cold bath.
"Hey guys, miss Mary." Dr. Maddison greeted us, "how ya feeling Cas?" She asked while taking my blood pressure. "Good. Cravings have really started kicking in. The other day I made Dean make me grilled chicken breast and I put peanut butter and pickles on it…" I chuckled and earned a long "eewwww" from Mary. "It was actually quite disgusting." Dean grimaced. "Okay Cas, you're blood pressure is a little high, nothing to worry about but try to keep things easy. Now, Mary I'm sure you want to see the pups so let's get to it." She said pulling the machine over.
'I don't understand it either. You're pathetic. He'll probably just fuck you then leave.' The voice started and Dean cringed a little, it had been so long since he's heard the voice that strangely sounds like his father. 'No, Cas, he-he wouldn't do that to me.' Dean argued. 'Yeah, keep telling yourself that omega. He's an alpha, all he wants is some wet hole to knot.' the voice continued.
"If I stay till close, I should be home around 4, but if you want me home I'll come home." Dean was quiet for a moment, "Dean? Are you still there?" "
Charlie caught up to them and told Dean she’d meet him at the hospital. “You ride with Henry I still have to work on crowd. I’ll be there as soon as I can.” Cas told him.
20 minutes later they were out the door and I decided to catch up on some shows on NETFLIX. I was about half way through the newest episode of Ghostfacers when the front door opened, "Cassie? You home?" I heard Gabe call out, "living room!" I yelled and Gabe came in and plopped down in the recliner and Squirt jumped onto his lap. "Jesus Cassie, I don't know how you do this, especially twice." Gabe groaned, "do what?" "Deal with all the freaking hormones, puking all the time, and look at me, I'm huge!" He whined.
“No. I said IF. I have no clue what is going on with Cas. If he said he was doing yard work then he was doing yard work. You know how much he likes to garden so maybe he was starting one.”
They finished eating and went back to the living room, "Cas, Jo, Sam, Ash. Do the dishes please." Ellen asked and Jo groaned but got up and Cas, Sam and Dean went to follow, "nope, Dean sit down." Mary said and Dean just looked at her, "why? Mom I can help do dishes…" Dean said, "for the first time ever, your complaining about not doing the dishes? Dean just sit down and relax please." Mary said.
"Oh, Dean… Why?" She breathed and grabbed one of his arms to look at the scars better. "Why would you do this to yourself?" She asked tears running down her face as well, Dean didn't want to have this conversation again, "mom please just drop it." "No! I'm not going to drop it! Why are you hurting yourself Dean?!" She almost shouted. "Mom, please! Just, ca-can we talk about it at home? I just want to go home." Dean pleaded crying even more. "Fine. But don't you dare think I'm going to forget this." Mary said and helped him on the table to take his x-ray.
"I don't know!" Dean sighed and flopped down on the couch. "Cas, we can't have another baby." Dean groaned, and grabbed his phone from the table, "what are you doing?" Cas asked as he started pacing the living room. "Calling Charlie." Dean responded.
I grabbed my phone and dialed 911. "911 Emergency" "Yes, please you've got to sent an ambulance, my-my daughter! I think she's having a seizure!" I yelled into the phone moving to the floor to get a better grip on Mary. "Okay sir, I need you to hold your daughter down and I need your address." "599 Baxter street." I said holding back sobs. "Okay sir an ambulance is on the way." The operator said, Mary continued to shake and I started hyperventilating, "baby, please stay with me. Mary stop! Please!" I shouted holding her tiny frame down and she finally stopped shaking so I picked her up and held her in my arms after I checked for a pulse. The front door burst open "hello?!" I heard a man call out "in here!" I yelled back and a few paramedics came into the room, "Sir, please put your daughter on the stretcher." One of the paramedics said and I put her down and they began to strap her down, "please, let me go with you." I begged, "okay, let's go." the other one said and I followed them out the door. "Cas?! Cas what's going on?!" Dean yelled when I got to the ambulance.
"Dean, what do you- oh my god! I-is he moving?!" Cas asked and Dean nodded, crying a little. "Sammy, you gotta feel this!" Dean giggled, yes actually giggled; "whoa, that's awesome!" Sam grinned, "go get mom." Dean said and Sam shot up the stairs.
When they got to school they started heading towards homeroom when Principle Crowley stopped them. "Boy's I need to talk to you in my office please." he said and walked off, Dean and Cas following. "Now, obviously you've seen posters around the school advertising for prom." Crowley started, "I've had multiple phone calls from parents having a problem with you two." he stated. "What? What do you mean they have a problem with us? We haven't done anything." Dean said getting angry, "uh, you've done enough Mr. Winchester, now I suggest you shut it and let me finish." Crowley snapped.
Everyone came by to say their congratulations and give hugs before they went to get food. Dean and Cas walked up and saw a tray of Bobby’s burgers, some potato salad, regular salad, mac and cheese and a small thing of chicken tenders.
Dean asked, "Yes, I would like to have another one. But, if you don't that's okay too." I said meaning every word. "Sure, Cas. Let's do it, let's have another baby." Dean said smiling, "really?! Don't joke with me Dean." I said, "of course babe, I want another one too, maybe I can get a boy." Dean said rolling on top of me and gave me a kiss. I chuckled and said "Dean, you know nothing's going to happen now, I have to be in heat." "Yeah, I know but there's nothing wrong with practice."
Mary knocked on the door and Gabe answered, "hi, um is Castiel here?" she asked and Gabe just stared, "yeah… Why do you need him?" He asked not trying to be rude. "Please just let me talk to him, it's kind of a private matter, it's Dean, I'm his mother." Mary said and Gabe let her in, "um take a seat, I'll go get him." Gabe said gesturing to the couch.
Dean scented the air again and he could faintly smell watermelon, "Cas, I think it's the pup!" Dean said sitting up, "oh my gosh, it is!" Cas smiled and kissed Dean again. As they kissed, Cas slowly worked Dean open. "Cas, m'ready." Dean said quietly, "are you sure?" Cas asked, "yes, I'm good." Dean smiled and kissed him.
"And here we go! Looks like you got a boy and a girl! Congrats, now I'm assuming you'll want copies." Doc said already printing them out. "Cas! A little boy! I'm getting a little boy!" Dean said tears in his eyes, "and another little girl. Mary sweetie, you're going to have a little brother and a little sister!" I said after I wiped the gel off my stomach and tugged my shirt down.
"How long have I been out?" I asked leaning against Dean who started rubbing circles on my hip, "bout 3 hours." Dean said pressing his face into my neck, "3 hours?! Dean! Why didn't you wake me up?" I complained, "because Cas, you were exhausted. A few hours of sleep wont kill you." Dean said kissing my neck and I relaxed further into him. "I like the pants Cassie." Gabe teased and Charlie smacked him in the back of the head, "ow!" all I could do was laugh which caused Mary to start laughing to only turn into a coughing fit.
Mary woke up right as the movie ended, "hello sleepy head. Ready to go to the park?" I whispered pushing her curls back. "yeah!" Mary sat up and I let her down, "should we walk or take the car?" I asked putting a few things in a bag. "Car!" Mary shouted running towards the door, "okay, hold on let's get your shoes on." When we arrived at the park there were a few other mothers with their children there. I took Mary over to the toddler part of the park and let her loose and sat down on the bench with my book. About two chapters in my book Mary came running over tugging on my hand, "mama swing!" Mary shouted still tugging on my arm so I put the book down and put her in the toddler swing and started pushing her.
"Feel better?" Dean asked "mmhmm." I hummed and snuggled closer to him and watched Mary color absently tracing random patterns over the baby bump. Mary got up and ran over to Dean and I "mama, daddy look!" Mary said showing us her drawing "aww, Mary. It's beautiful." I said taking the paper from her. "Uh, I don't mean to be nosy here, but why is there two blue blobs next to Mary?" Joh asked and I froze.
The day went by smoothly, everyone enjoyed the cupcakes and Rebecca, Zachariah's granddaughter loved the cake and everything. I came out of the bathroom for what felt like the 1,000 time and I couldn't help but laugh; Dean was surrounded by at least 5 of the mothers. I could see how uncomfortable Dean was but I stood there anyway, it was amusing to see how the women were completely oblivious to the ring on Dean's finger and how uncomfortable he looked.
Sure enough as soon as Dean pulled into the drive way an hour and half later, he called Sam's cell and told him and Jess to come outside to help. Jess took Henry's carseat while Dean and Sam practically carried a 160 pound alpha into the house. "Dean, did you know tha Benny is movin to 'ousiana?" Cas slurred, "yes Cas I knew." he grunted and started heading down the stairs.
Dean got the bath going and told Henry to strip down and stay there while he went to go get a few toys and his soap and shampoo.
"Okay, okay. Sorry, down mama bear." Gabe said with his hands up in surrender; "sorry, I just put Mary down and she's a disaster if she doesn't get a nap." I said moving so Gabe could come in. "What's up?" I asked once we were settled in the living room, "nothing Charlie sent me home early cuz I was annoying her and I didn't want to be alone." Gabe said. "Where's Dean?" He continued to ask absently rubbing the growing bump.
"What? What do you mean you remember everything?" I asked, "everything Cas. Since we've gotten engaged all the way to the accident, I remember I was muttering something about you looking hot behind the wheel of baby." Dean said I smiled and wrapped my arms around his neck and smashed our mouths together. When we finally pulled apart, "come on, let's go tell everyone and go home. I feel a very sappy family movie/snuggle fest coming on." I chuckled.
Cas came down with a sleepy Henry a few minutes later. “Hey buddy. Did you have a nice nap?” Dean asked.
By time we both got dressed and got downstairs it was a quarter till 6, "Jimmy and Amelia still aren't here?" I asked Missouri, who was in the kitchen cooking something for Mary. Before she could answer the doorbell rang, "oh, well I'll go get it." I said and made my way to the front door. "Hi Cas, sorry we're late, Claire was being fussy." Jimmy said "it's okay, Dean and I just got ready." I said and lead them to the living room Amelia set down Claire's carseat and I immediately took her out and bounced her in my arms.
Downstairs Dean laid on the couch while Cas sat on the floor near his head to do his homework. He played some music softly, while Cas worked and he took a small nap. It felt like Dean only had his eyes shut for a minute when Cas was gently shaking his shoulder, "babe, Mary said dinner's ready." he said softly.
"Cas, I don't know what you're talking about. Star Wars is waaayyy better than Lord of the Rings." Dean said, I gasped "take that back right now or I'll never sleep with you again." I said and threw a fry at him. "Hey, no using sex as blackmail!" Dean said and ate the fry I threw at him. "Think about it, they're basically the same." Dean said, "what?! How are they the same?" I asked as we walked through the city back to the hotel. "Different world, weird little creatures one place they need to travel too, Mount Doom, the Death Star. The main character and his followers. It's the same." Dean said, "I'm not going to even touch what is wrong about what you said." I replied and opened the door to our room.
"I'm sorry. What was so annoying?" Dean asked, "Amelia." was all Cas said and the head massage stopped. "What happened this time?" Dean groaned, Cas opened his eyes and looked up to Dean's green ones and could see a little bit of anger but mostly annoyance in them. "Nothing really, just being her usual self… She wanted to know if I was going to the party tonight and I told her not if you didn't want to. And she then went on a rant about how your an omega and I, as your alpha should be able to do what ever I want." Cas said closing his eyes again.
"You could have worn a shirt.." I teased, "yeah, well I know how much you love this body, be glad I put on sweats." Dean winked and I went back to sleep. I woke up sometime later in the day to the smell of chicken; I sat up and noticed I was in the bed alone. I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes and I heard voices coming from downstairs, so I slid out of bed and made my way down. "Nooo gampa stop!" I heard Mary giggling, it was nice to hear her giggles again. I found everyone in the living room and there was no where to sit besides the floor so I walked over and sat on Dean's lap.
They spent the rest of the afternoon talking about school and random things. By time 7:45 rolled around Cas started getting up. "Where you going?" Dean asked looking a little sad that his leaning post got up. "Sorry, but dad said I have to be home by 8 since we have church in the morning." Cas said, "I'll see you all monday." He said and went to leave, "Cas wait! I'll walk you out." Dean said and Charlie and Benny helped him up, they got to the front door and Dean grabbed Cas's hand. "I'm glad you came over, even though it was pretty embarrassing for you to having to pick me up off the floor... And you know.. uh my scars." Dean said looking at the floor. "I'm glad I let Charlie convince me to come over." Cas smiled and lifted Dean's head so they could see each other. "See you monday." Cas whispered and pressed their lips together.
“I know.” Dean said softly. Another hour passed by, “Henry, say goodnight to everyone. It’s time for bed.”
"Yes." She said and Dean started walking down the stairs when he heard her yell, "you better have used protection!" Dean covered his ears and ran down the rest of the steps and collapsed on the bed next to Cas and groaned. "What?" he heard Cas ask, "my mom knows what we did…" Dean mumbled through his pillow, "oh… Well, that's slightly embarrassing." Cas chuckled, "come on, let's take a shower." he continued and kissed the side of Dean's head.
Dean said and he could hear him talk to Bobby, 'Can Sammy hang out with you guys for a while tonight?' Cas couldn't hear Bobby's response but didn't really care either.
"I uh, well…" I stammered looking for a way to tell her. "Did you eat it?" Mary's voice was quiet and Dean barked out his laughter, "no honey. I didn't eat the baby." I said punching Dean in the arm, "mama took some special medicine and in order for the medicine to work daddy had to kiss mama to show how much he loves him and the baby started growing." Dean said pulling into the clinic and all Mary said was "oh."
"Ah, god, Dean harder!" I whimpered pushing back to meet his thrusts; Dean obeyed and began thrusting harder, so hard that the table was creaking. I ended up coming on top of the table and Dean strategically maneuvered ourselves to where I was sitting on Dean's lap while he sat in one of the chairs waiting for his knot to recede. "I'm going to have to disinfect the table." I chuckled resting my head on his shoulder. "Yeah, you might." Dean chuckled; true to Dean's word, we ended up fucking in every room except for Mary's room.
Once he was alone, he started repeatedly snapping the hair tie against his wrist. 'What a slut, got knocked up on your first time having sex. You should go on that show 16 and Pregnant.' The voice started and Dean just ignored it and went to go pee on a stick. He locked the bathroom door, took the test out and read the instructions, "urinate on the strip then cover with the cap. Wait 3-5 minutes for your results, (+)=Positive (-)=Negative." he read out loud and did what it said.
"Oh, um okay sweetie, I'll drive you home." Mary said grabbing her keys. "Cas, I hope you don't mind my asking, but there would have to be a reason to jump start his heat. It shouldn't have started till sunday or monday." Mary said on the drive to Cas's. "Uh…" he started and turned bright red, how was he going to tell his mother that he gave her son a blow job and started his heat early. "We were just kinda making out… I guess it jump stared it." Cas lied, well sorta lied, he just left out the main reason. "Oh." Was all she said and dropped him off. "Thank you for bringing him home so fast." Mary said and Cas just nodded and went inside.
“No, please don’t. Just give him some time to warm up to you.” Cas said, “besides you payed for the pizza. It’d be rude of us to eat it with out you.”
"Oh, well at least I'll be able to go with you." Dean smile and our foreheads were pressed together, "yeah, I think we should take Mary, so she get's the idea of another baby." I said moving to put my arms around Dean's neck. "You know, you're already bigger than you were when you were this pregnant with Mary…" Dean pointed out, "Dean Winchester, are you calling me fat?!" I asked pushing him away playfully. "What no! God no! I-I fuck." Dean stammered causing me to laugh "Dean, calm down. I'm joking, I've already noticed.
Henry looked up from his blocks when Dean came up behind the couch. “DADDY!” he ran towards Dean who quickly picked him up, wincing slightly at the pull of his fresh cuts.
"Jesus Christ Gabriel! What are you doing in here?!" Cas said turning around clutching the towel tighter. "I was bored and mom and dad were arguing again." Gabe shrugged. "Well get out!" Cas yelled, "okay jeez, don't get your panties in a twist." Gabe said and walked out of his room.
"Okay miss Mary, why don't we go wake up daddy?" I said once I got her wiped off. "Yes!" Mary smiled so I picked her up and carried her up the stairs. "Okay Mary, you have to be reaaallllyyy quiet and when I count to three, I want you to yell daddy as loud as you can okay?" I whispered and Mary giggled and nodded. "Okay, one…. two…. three!" "DAAAADDDDYYYYY!" Mary yelled as loud as she could and Dean shot up in bed, "What?! Who?! Mary? What's wrong?" Dean scrambled making sure the sheets were covering at least his bottom half. Mary and I burst into laughter, "damn it Cas, that's not funny! I bout had a heart attack!" Dean growled but I could see a smile forming on his face. "So what do I owe this wonderful wake up call for?" Dean asked once he got calmed down.
Dean yawned and stretched out, letting out a satisfied groan when his shoulders popped. He checked his phone and had a few facebook notifications and a snapchat from Benny. He opened the snap from Benny and all it was was a picture from a cop car, he closed out of the app and made his way to the bathroom.
Cas gave Dean the run down of what they were able to find out from her missing person’s report. All they knew was that her name was Sarah Johnson, she was 15 and that she was taken on her way home from school.
I closed my eyes willing the tears to go away when I felt a squeeze on my hand, my eyes shot open and I looked at our hands twined together and Dean squeezed again. "Dean?!" I said and looked up, Dean's eyes fluttered open and closed again. "Dean? Baby can you hear me?!" I said squeezing his hand back and ran my other hand through his hair again. Dean's eyes opened and looked around the room before settling them on me. "Cas?" Dean asked his voice horse and rough. "It's me, oh my god you're finally awake!" I sobbed and kissed him, "Cas wha-what happened?" Dean asked wincing a little when he moved his head. "We were in an accident. A drunk driver ran a red light and hit us." I said
"I said…" Cas started and walked over to take Henry, "take a shower and get ready." he grinned, "w-why?" Dean asked still eyeing Cas' outfit. "Because, it's prom night and we're going on a date." Cas explained, "but who's gonna watch Henry?" Dean asked getting off the couch. "Sam and Jess. Mary should be home around 7, then she said she'd keep him for tonight, but after this no more for at least a month."
"Really Gabe, this is your idea of letting everyone know?" Dean asked eyeing our matching t-shirts. "Of course! It's brilliant, it's almost Halloween and these shirts are hilarious!" Gabe said gesturing to our t-shirts that look like x-ray's of our insides with our ribs and everything, then towards the bottom there's a baby skeleton. "I agree, I think it's cute." I smiled at Dean, "now people are going to start arriving, you already told Mary to stay quiet about the babies right? I asked Dean handing Gabriel his zip up sweatshirt to hide his t-shirt and forming baby bump and zipping up mine.
an alpha. Thinking back to it made his dick twitch again. 'damn it.' Dean said quietly, he pulled into the driveway next to his mom's car and went inside. "Where were you?" Mary asked from the kitchen getting things ready for supper. "Sorry, Bobby wanted me to get some pictures of the swim team's first practice.. I just got sidetracked and lost time." Dean said grabbing a root beer from the fridge.
"Is that so…" Jo grinned, "yeah, Jo you should come!" Dean smiled. "Yeah, you can get us some more alcohol!" Charlie suggested, "yeah, then my mom would bust my ass and so would Mary." Jo scoffed. "Actually, mom already knows we're going to be drinking and she's okay with it as long as none of us drive." Dean said. "Well in that case, give me the address and Ash and I'll be there." Jo said, "who's Ash?" Dean asked his cousin, "my boyfriend." Jo replied. "Now. Your orders."
Mary squealed clapping her hands knowing that Ellen keeps a small bag of chicken nuggets in the freezer just for Mary. About an hour later we were back home and Mary was starting to fall asleep. "Well, I was going to give her a bath tonight, but I guess I'll just do it tomorrow." I said when I heard her soft snores in my ear. I carried Mary upstairs and changed her into her pajamas and put her in bed. "Night baby girl. I love you." I whispered and Dean and I took turns kissing her forehead. I left her door cracked and we walked to our room, "I'm so fucking tired." Dean said stripping down to his boxers. "Yeah, me too." I said stripping down to my boxers and put on one of Dean's t-shirts.
"Um, why don't we go to your place? Wouldn't it be kinda awkward to catch up at your boyfriends house?" Amelia asked, "oh, I uh… I live here too now." Cas said rubbing the back of his neck and got out of the car. "Why do you live here? What happened to your family?" she asked, "well. When we broke the news to my parents, Dean was already a month along… And they didn't take it very well, they kicked me out and actually took me to court to take me out of the family." Cas said quietly, "oh, Cas I'm sorry." she said, "eh it was a while ago." he shrugged and went inside.
“There is someone out there for you Jessica. You’re very young still, you have time. Just because I was just barely older than you when I found Cas doesn’t mean you won’t find your person someday. You don’t need to rush into things, live your life. Go to college, find your passion.”
He said coming over to the bed to unhook her IV, as soon as Mary felt a hand on her arm she jerked awake, "mama!" Mary whimpered trying to pull her arm away, "shh, it's okay." I said wrapping my arm around her and hid her face as the doctor pulled out her IV, "okay Mary, can you come with me for a little bit?" The doctor asked and Mary shook her head no and hid her face in my chest. "Would you come with me if your mama and daddy came with you?" he asked again and Mary slowly shook her head yes and reached out to Dean.
While they kissed Cas trailed his hand down Dean's body and slowly pushed one finger in. "Oh god." Dean moaned and gripped Cas's shoulders, "you okay?" Cas paused his movements, "m'fine, keep going." Dean panted and Cas slowly picked up his movement and added another finger. Soon enough Dean was open enough and they locked eyes, "you sure?" Cas asked and Dean just nodded and grabbed the back of Cas' neck to bring him down for a kiss while Cas slowly pushed in.
Cas made sure Dean was asleep before he slipped out of the bed and went to go find a nurse. He spotted on walking down the hall and he jogged down to her, "excuse me?" Cas asked and the nurse stopped, "hi, what can I do for you?" she asked with a small smile. "Um, my mate is in room 204 and he just woke up, his name is Dean Winchester." Cas explained, "oh yes, Mary's son. I'll page his doctor and have him come in right away." "Oh, well I made him go back to sleep since it's only 6 in the morning." Cas said, "ah yes, well I'll inform him anyway and he can stop in later." The nurse smiled, "thank you." he said and went back to the room.
"Mary wants to go to the zoo so Sam wanted to know when a good time would be to come by and pick up a few things." I said holding my hand out for Dean to help him up. "I'm going back to bed. We need a new fucking couch if we're ever going to pass out on it again." Dean grumbled crawling under the sheets once we got upstairs. I just rolled my eyes and started the shower. Dean was snoring softly buried under the blankets so I went into Mary's room and packed a small bag of things she would need, like sun screen, her hat, and an extra pair of clothes. I got downstairs right as the doorbell rang, when I opened it Mary started clinging to my knees. "Mama! We going to the zoo!" Mary squealed jumping up and down.
"It's okay Dean, uh diaper change?" Cas asked and Dean passed Henry to Cas so he could fix his gown and Cas got to work on the diaper. "He's a little wet, but he's still pretty fussy." he said, "does he feel a little warm to you?" Cas asked and Dean placed a hand on top of Henry's head, "yeah, he feel's a little warm… I-I'm going to call a nurse in." Dean said and hit the call button right as Henry started gasping for breath.
They went into the nursery and Cas set the car seat down and pulled Henry out. "Oh baby you're home!" Cas let out a watery chuckle and set him on the changing table. Henry looked around the room with wide eyes, "I know it's a lot to take in right now, but this is you're home now." Cas said softly as he changed his son into bumble bee footy pajamas.
"I love you too." he grinned and just held Cas close. "Oh, and um.. I think I should tell you something…. It's going to ruin our happy moment but I feel like I should tell you." Dean said pushing Cas off him so they could sit again. "What?" Cas asked and Dean just slowly tugged his sleeve up, showing Cas the gauze and tape, "I-I cut again." he whispered not meeting Cas's eyes. "Oh, Dean. Why?" Cas said pulling Dean's sleeved down and pulled Dean to him. "I had a break down after I took the test and the voice just went out of control and I cut. Then Sammy walked in right after and we fought and he took my blade." Dean said calmly.
Knowing Sam was an early riser Dean went ahead and started frying the bacon and making the waffles. Dean quickly transferred everything to the dryer and almost ran into Mary again in the kitchen, "Dean, you didn't need to make breakfast." Mary smiled grabbing a cup of coffee. Dean just shrugged his shoulders, "I was up and down here anyway." He grabbed everything and put it on the table along with the orange juice when Sam stumbled in rubbing his eyes. "Wow, mom made waffles. Awesome." Sam smiled, "no, she didn't." Mary grinned helping herself to some breakfast. "Dean? You can make waffles?" He looked confused and Dean laughed, "yes Sammy. I can make waffles. Now shut up and eat."
I woke up the next morning and Dean wasn't in bed. "Stubborn jackass." I grumbled and got ready for work expecting to find Dean on the couch but the house was empty and the Impala wasn't in the driveway. I wasn't going to worry about it, I just headed towards the bakery. I was moving a tray of muffins to the cooling rack when Charlie's voice rang through the kitchen, "mornin' Cas!" and I about dropped the tray. "Jesus Charlie!" I said setting down the tray and turned around. "Cas? You're eyes are all puffy and you're wearing your glasses. What's wrong?" She asked coming closer to me.
Mary wrapped her legs and arms around him like she usually does and buried her nose against Dean's neck. We made our way to the living room which I hadn't seen this clean since we moved in. "Missouri, did- you didn't have to clean!" I gasped "Oh hush. It's the least I could do to welcome Dean home. There is also a casserole in the fridge that you just need to heat up." She said and kissed my cheek. "Dean honey, how are you?" Missouri asked, and I could tell Dean was trying to remember her, "I, uh… Good. Just trying to remember things I guess." Dean said.
you could do could change that. I know you were having you’re own issues and I understand that. You’re such an amazing friend and you prove it just by how much you love Henry and are willing to do anything for us.”
"Okay mom, he's fed and changed… Just text me when I need to come feed him again. He hasn't quite set his own routine yet." Dean said softly and put Henry down in the little bassinet.
“Oooo we can play Cards Against Humanity!” Charlie grinned and raced inside before Dean could say anything.
"Well… We've been married for almost two years now, and Mary's growing up so fast…" I said trailing off from my nerves. "Cas? What are you saying?" Dean asked glancing over at me real quick before focusing on the road. "Never mind, I-we can talk about it later." I said and looked out the window. We pulled up to Johns and there were balloons tied to the porch. "Mama! loons!" Mary squealed and started clapping her hands.
Cas left the two and went back downstairs right as Dean was walking to the bedroom with a towel wrapped around his waist. Dean got dressed in his favorite dark blue jeans, that now fit again, and in a light grey long-sleeved shirt, and rolled the sleeves up just a little and grabbed a lighter jacket and went back to the bathroom to put his contacts in.
“Okay, still, say goodnight to everyone else.” Dean told him. Henry made his rounds and made sure to give Dean and Cas a longer hug before running over to Mary. She picked him up and carried him up the stairs.
I had just gotten Mary down for a nap and I was half way down the stairs when the doorbell rang twice. "For the love of christ! I swear whoever it is wakes up Mary, I will personally rip their heads off." I growled to myself and hurried to the door. I opened it right as Gabriel was about to ring the bell again; "Gabriel! I swear, if you ring that doorbell one more fucking time, it will be the last thing you do." I growled catching him by surprise.
It worked, Cas could see a smile start to form, and Dean kicked the blanket off and sat up taking his shirt off. "Give me your hand." Dean said and grabbed Cas' hand anyway and put it on the small bump. "Oh my god." Cas gasped. "I know, it's actually happening Cas. We're gonna have a baby." Dean smiled. Cas sunk down low enough and kissed the small bump, "I would love to stay and fell our baby, but coach is already pissed at me still for missing a practice when I was suspended." Cas said, "I know, I understand. But the appointment is at 2 and I have therapy right after." Dean said, "alright, I'll see you then, love you." "Love you too." Dean said and watched Cas slip his jeans on, "wait! How are you getting there?" Dean asked, "I already texted Gabe."
"Shit, my water just broke!" I said and already started moving out of bed, "you-you need to call Missouri so she can come watch Mary." I said changing my pants in the process. "Okay, can you make it downstairs by yourself? I'll call Missouri and grab our bags." Dean asked throwing on a pair of sweats. I slowly made my way down the stairs and started pulling my coat on when Missouri let herself in.
'Your friends are going to leave now, I bet they're packing up right now to leave and never talk to you again… Cas has no choice but to stay here, I mean, he has no where else to go. Literally, his family kicked him out, so now he's here. Stuck with you, a pathetic, worthless omega.' The voice continued and Dean started hyperventilating. He briefly caught his breath and called for his mate.
Dean took a deep breath and walked into the bathroom and picked up the test. He tossed it in the trash and walked back to the living room; "well?" Charlie asked when she noticed Dean come back in, "it's negative." Dean breathed and practically collapsed into Cas' arms. "Thank god." Cas breathed and they both started laughing, "what were we thinking?!" Cas chuckled, "we weren't that's the problem." Dean said and went to take Henry from Charlie to put him in his crib.
“Do you want to go say goodnight to papa and Charlie?” Dean asked and Henry shook his head no but yelled down the stairs.
"I-its from my mother…" Cas whispered and handed Dean the letter. Dean quickly read it and pulled Cas in for a hug, "that was nice of her." Dean mumbled and he felt Cas nod in agreement. "I, I should call her or text her thank you…" Cas mumbled and went into the bedroom. Dean was about to follow when he heard Henry cry from the nursery.
"Dean?" Cas whispered back and Dean surged forward and smashed his mouth against Cas's, he pulled away when he realized that Cas wasn't kissing back. Dean backed away bushing, "Cas. I-I'm sorry. I shouldn't have I…" Dean stumbled "y-you can leave if you want. I'll understand." Dean stared at his hands cursing himself for being so stupid, "Dean." Cas said quietly and slid across the couch, "Dean look at me." Dean looked up and Cas had a small smile on his face, "I should be apologizing… You caught me off guard. But if you'll let me, I'd like to try it again." Dean just stared at him and they both slowly leaned in and they pressed their lips together.
He gave up and slid out of bed with out waking Cas and walked around the basement for a little bit, hoping it would wear him out. Instead it just made him hurt more so he went and sat in the recliner and rocked for a bit, and cried just a little for how miserable he felt. He had the lamp on the lowest setting and he just closed his eyes and gently rocked himself.
Dean decided to swing by the store and get some groceries while he was kid free. He called Charlie to see if she wanted to go and she said to give her a few minutes to get ready and she’ll meet him outside.
"Hey Cas, Sammy just called, he wants me to go with him shopping. I'll be back around dinner time. Do you want me to bring anything home for dinner?" Dean asked me when I came out of the bathroom. "I don't care, nothing spicy. My stomachs doing flips right now." I said making my way to the living room; "oh, do you wan't me to stay home?" "No, I'll be fine, just bring me back one of those giant brownies they have at the mall." I smiled and kissed Dean before he left.
"Come on pleeaaaseee!" Charlie begged, "no Charlie, you'll find out tonight." Cas said not bothering to look up from his script. "Ugh!" she groaned but went back to her script. It was their 2nd week of practice and everything was going good so far, at the moment they were going over the scene with Red and the Wolf.
Dean pulled up to the middle school to pick up Sam when he saw him and his friend Andy run up to the Impala. "Dean, will you run me home so I can get some clothes and then take me back to Andy's" Sam asked before getting in the car. "Does mom know you're staying?" "yeah, I used Andy's phone and called her. She said it was fine." Sam said, "why'd you use Andy's you've got a phone." Dean asked, "mine died, I forgot to charge it last night." Sam explained, "yeah whatever, get in nerds."
"Hmm, well I guess they'll get here when they want to." Missouri said and left, Dean came back to the kitchen carrying Mary. "Hi mama." Mary greeted me once Dean placed her on the chair next to me. "Hi baby." I smiled and pushed her bangs out of her face. "Mama what wrong? You look sad." Mary asked, "nothing sweetie, I'm just ready to meet your brother and sister." I said.
"John!" Dean yelled stunning everyone in the room, "don't talk to her like that, of course she didn't let Cas near me during my heat, we're True Mates, we found out because we did have sex outside of my heat and yes, I did get pregnant." Dean said and John stormed over and yanked on Dean's shirt collar revealing his mating mark. "You're fucking mated already?!" John brought his hand back and let it smack harshly against Dean's cheek causing him to cry out and Cas to shove John with a deep growl.
to happen. And now, with her back and trying to figure that out, I haven’t been looking for a job and I’ve barely started on planning the wedding.”
Dean got back home and plopped down next to his mom on the couch. "Hey sweetie. How was school?" Mary asked turning down the tv. "Good. Long, boring mostly." Dean grinned, "uh huh. So what are you and Cas going to do tonight?" She asked, "uh, I'm going to pick him up after practice and he's going to shower here real quick, then I think we're just going to go to the Roadhouse and go to our spot for a while then come back here and hang out for a bit." Dean said and laid his head on his mom's shoulder for the remanning time he had before he went to pick up Cas.
"Touch him again and it'll be the last thing you do." Cas growled. "Yeah right pup." John huffed, "whatever, I thought I'd come by today and see if I can mend this relationship but I want nothing to do with a worthless omega and his alpha." John growled and slammed the front door. "Oh god." Dean choked out and sunk to his knees and Cas was next to him in an instant.
"Alright, I did some digging before satan and his mistress could catch me and, yeah.." Gabe said handing Dean and Cas a medium sized box with a bow on top. "Go on, open it." he begged, Dean set it on the island so Mary and Sam could also see what was in it, Cas gasped, "Gabe, h-how did you find this. I thought mother got rid of it." Cas said pulling out a baby blanket and a old teddy bear. "Are you kidding? She may be cold but she did save our baby things." Gabe said, "this was your stuff?" Dean asked pulling out a few more toys. "Yeah." Cas whispered, "Gabe, thank you." Cas said pulling his brother into a hug. "No problem Cassie, I gotta give my nice or nephew something right?" He chuckled. "It's great Gabe, thanks." Dean said and moved around the island to give him a hug also.
Dean said crouching down to be eye level with his daughter. Seeing this made me think back to the car. "Uncle Sammy?" Mary asked in a small voice, "yeah, Uncle Sammy, you remember him right?" Dean asked and Mary started crying and Dean picked her up and started rubbing her back. "Shhh, baby it's okay. Grandpa will be here soon." Dean said I took our coats and put them up in Dean's room, I stood there for a few minutes with memories flooding back, only to be snapped right back out when I heard John's truck pull into the driveway.
They walked around a bit more before going back to Cas's car. "I have one more surprise for you when we get home." Cas said and started up the car. They pulled into the drive way around 10 and the quietly made their way downstairs; when Dean turned on the light he just stared into the living room, "Cas?" he asked. "I know tonight is prom night and we couldn't go… So why not have our own little prom." Cas said.
An hour later Dean was sleeping in a hospital bed with Cas at his side happy that they could put a stop to the labor. "Cas?" Mary said softly but still caused him to jump, "sorry, I just wanted to let you know what's going to happen. We should probably wake up Dean." she said. "I'm already 'wake." Dean mumbled, "oh, okay. They're putting you on bed rest honey… I've hired a tutor and the school is going to send everything they need for you to finish your Junior year at home. You can still go to play practice and do the play but you need to take it very easy for the next few months." Mary explained
“Get dressed and come down for some lunch okay? Henry keeps asking for you.” Mary said softly, Dean just nodded.
felt what I have with you when I was with her, she's a beta…" Cas said, "fuck you." Dean whispered and Cas' heart cracked a little, "what?" he whispered, his voice shaking too. "FUCK YOU! GET OUT!" Dean yelled and that's when Mary made her appearance. "What the hell is going on down here?!" She yelled looking between the two boys. "GET OUT!" Dean yelled again throwing his sketch pad at Cas' head and stormed into their room, slamming the door.
He also noticed Dean's right hand was swollen and slightly purple, "did you get a punch in?" he asked, Dean nodded, "right before you and Sammy came down." he whispered. "Alright hold still." Bobby said and carefully pressed down on the center of Dean's hand, he hissed and pulled his hand away, "you probably broke something. Come on, let's get it looked at." Bobby huffed and hauled himself off the foot rest.
I’ll get a job and pay rent and stuff but I think I just might go insane if I stay here any longer.”
"You see, that's the answer I needed. If he is knocked up, he's already been nice and stretched, ready for me. Thank you Castiel." He sneered and the next thing Cas knew his fist connected with the beta's nose. "Keep your fucking hands off him!" Cas shouted and started punching him more but was pulled off by Benny. "Cas calm down brother before you get in anymore trouble." he said, "anymore trouble what do you mean?" Cas stared but stilled when he heard the principles cold voice. "Castiel Novak. My office, now." Principal Crowley said sternly, "Laffiet, take Alistair to the nurse." he continued and Cas picked up his bag and followed the british man down the hall.
Mary got Dean wrapped up and they got his shirt back on, but Dean wouldn't even look at Cas. "I'll leave you two, but don't forget you also have guests upstairs." Mary said and left. "You're going to leave aren't you?" Dean whispered, "leave? Why would I leave?" Cas asked genuinely confused, "because of my scars. Because I'm nothing but a worthless omega who cuts himself to feel relief." Dean stated finally looking up at him.
Once Henry was tucked in and Dean had given him his goodnight kisses and said I love you, Cas sat on the edge of the bed with ‘Goodnight Moon’.
The house was hectic the next few days, between an overly energetic 3 year old and two fussy babies, I was beginning to loose my mind. "Mama, when do I get to play with them?" Mary asked while Dean and I maneuvered ourselves around each other trying to fix a bottle for both of the pups. "Not for a while sweetie, they aren't old enough to play yet." I said finally being able to sit down and feed Henry his bottle.
"Hey, it's okay. He's gone." He soothed, pulling a hysterical Dean to his chest, "it's all my fault. He left because of me an-and now you can't go home because of me. It's all my fault." Dean sobbed. "Dean, it's not all your fault, it's mostly my fault if you think about it." Cas soothed.
"Who would have thought I would enjoy baths this much?" Dean chuckled and I smirked and relaxed into him while Dean traced lazy patterns on my stomach. We got out once the water started turning cold and I dried off and put on some pajama bottoms and crawled into the bed onto my stomach and I felt Dean crawl up over me and started kissing the back of me neck. "Whatcha say Cas? Mary's with Charlie tonight and we haven't had 'grown up' time since your last heat." Dean whispered running his hands up and down my back. "Not tonight Dean, I'm tired and just want to sleep. I have to be at the bakery in the morning." I said and Dean's hands stilled.
“Ellen.” Dean sighed, “I can’t ask you to keep him for two whole days when I’m just sitting at home doing nothing.”
"Hello?" Mary called out, "dinning room!" Ellen called back. Mary rounded the corner looking exhausted, "hi mom! How was your day?" Sam asked getting up to get another plate for Mary. "It was good sweetie, how was your first day of school boys?" Mary asked piling food onto her plate. "Awesome! They already put me in algebra! Only me and three other people get to take it!" Sam said obviously excited, "oh good for you!" Mary smiled, "Dean honey, how was your day?" "Uh, fine." Dean said suddenly becoming very interested in his mashed potatoes. "Just fine?" Mary egged on, "what bout that new kid, you two seemed to hit it off today." Bobby jumped in and Dean could feel himself blush.
"Don't forget I have to work after school." Cas said slinging his backpack over his shoulder. "Yes dear." Dean chuckled and Cas smacked his shoulder as he walked by, "see you later, love you." he said and gave Dean a quick kiss. "Sammy! How you gettin' home?" Dean asked before he could leave, "Bobby said he'd pick me up."
They unloaded everything off back at Dean’s before heading to the apartment. Once they arrived Charlie led Dean up to the second floor to her old apartment. “I’m going to have to rent a storage unit. I’m not going to bring everything with me to your place.”
be forever yours." Dean whispered and I crushed my lips against his taking him by surprise but Dean recovered quickly returning the kiss.
Panic started to rise as she double checked under the beds, closets and anywhere else she could think of. “Henry?” She called out, “okay! I give up! You win!” She yelled and waited for a giggle or Henry to come running up to her but there was nothing. “Henry?!… HENRY!”
"So… Are the rumors true then?" a nasally voice came from behind him. Cas turned around to stare into Alistair's ugly face, "what rumors?" he asked, "that you, big might alpha Cas. Knocked up our lovable and favorite omega Dean." he grinned and Cas could feel the anger building up. "Why don't you shove it where the sun don't shine and mind your own business." he growled.
Since he couldn't sleep he quietly grabbed the diaper bag out of their room and went to the nursery to pack a few things to take to the hospital and then threw a few pairs of his and Cas' clothes into a bag, finally around 2 in the morning Dean crawled back into bed and fell asleep. By time morning rolled around Dean groaned and woke up looking for Cas, he stretched and felt a small twinge in his stomach; Dean just shrugged and considered it over stretching. He went upstairs andCas with Mary and Sam. "Hey, feel any better?" Cas asked and he just shrugged, sat down and slumped into Cas' side.
He sat in the nursery for a few more minutes in silence, tracing random patterns on his stomach when he had to pee. Dean got up and made his way to the bathroom, once he was done he was going to go lie down but he heard Amelia talking so he stopped. "Do you remember our second date?" she asked and Dean's heart sank and he felt sick. 'You should have known that those two dated, no one is that excited to see someone from an old school.' the voice started and Dean shut it out quickly and continued to listen.
"Like Beauty?" Mary asked, "yeah, kinda like Sleeping Beauty. But mama's kiss wont wake him up." I said trying to keep my voice from wavering. "Thank you Missouri for taking care of Mary." I whispered when Mary fell asleep in my arms; "of course. Poor thing has been a mess. I think she knew something wasn't right, she wouldn't eat very much and she just kept crying for you two… But what really had me goin', she was asleep and all of a sudden she just started screaming and crying then about 10 minutes later the hospital called." Missouri said and I just stared at her, "huh, that is weird." I said and let out a huge yawn. "Well, I'll go check on Dean then go home my self and get some rest." Missouri said standing up and leaning over to give me a hug, "okay, thank you, again Missouri." Once the door was closed I relaxed further into the bed and began running my fingers through Mary's curls and fell asleep.
"Oh…" Dean whispered, "Sammy, I'm sorry." he said; "Dean, it's not your fault, I just really like her so it makes me nervous." Sam reassured his brother. "But anyway, I invited her over and mom said she could come over next Saturday, since Henry should be home soon and it'll give everyone a chance to adjust." Sam explained. "Oh, well good luck then." Cas smiled and Sam went back upstairs.
"Hey Cassie, what's up?" "Can you watch Mary for a little bit? Dean stormed off again and I'm going to go get him before he get's drunk again." "Sure thing, be there in 10." Gabe replied and hung up. 10 minutes later Gabe was walking through the front door, "okay, Gabe. There's food in the kitchen, I don't know how long I'll be gone but please, do
I stood there for a while letting the hot water wake me up a little and my mind started replaying last nights conversation. Dean had agreed, we were going to try for another baby, this time we will be prepared. I shook out of my memory and finished my shower. Once I dried off I wrapped the towel around my waist and brushed my teeth and got dressed. I quietly walked down the hall to Mary's room and pushed the door open further.
Dean and Cas made eye contact and Dean shrugged. “I’ll clear it with a few people.” Cas said softly and kissed Dean’s cheek. Cas led them to an empty shower room and grabbed Jessica some fresh clothing.
Sure enough, as soon as Dean walked through the door Charlie was all over him, "let me see! let me seeeee!" She said grabbing at Dean's pockets, "Charlie get off me!" Dean said grabbing her hands and moved passed her to the living room where Benny was sitting on the couch scratching Lucy's head.
Meanwhile, Cas was just finishing up work and he was ready to go home. When he pulled up behind the Impala he noticed the red 'ut' on the back of the window, "what the hell?" he grumbled and went inside. "Dean?" He called out and Sam came around the corner with Henry in his arms, "hey Cas." Sam greeted, "hi… Um, where's Dean?" Cas asked, taking Henry from Sam.
Dean tried so hard to hold it in knowing Crowley's reputation but he couldn't hold it any longer. He raised his hand while everyone was working on their project, "yes Mr. Winchester?" Crowley sighed, "may I use the restroom?" he asked holding his breath hoping Crowley would just say yes. "Why? You know you're supposed to use it before or after class." he said narrowing his eyes, "yes, but I didn't have to go before class and now I have a kid kicking my bladder like a soccer ball. So please, may I use the restroom." Dean sassed back.
"Hey, what are you two whispering about over there?" Jimmy's voice both made us jump, I looked at Gabe and he just nodded and started messing with his hands. "Uh, well… We were talking about how we didn't want to ruin your moment. But uh, looks like we'll all be here again in about 9 months." I said. "What?! Cassie! Are you pregnant?!" Anna squealed, "uh, no. No I'm not." I said "What? Then who wou- Gabriel?" Balthazar asked "surprise?" Gabe said with a small smile. "Oh, Gabe that's exciting!" Amelia said from the bed.
“We won’t be long, I know you have to work in the morning.” Dean said giving Cas a quick kiss before doing the same with Henry.
"My old friend Amelia was getting a bit obsessive so I told her to leave us alone and she did for a while then she kept trying to come on to me, so today after play practice she stopped me backstage and we were arguing and she kissed me. Apparently Dean saw it and stormed off before he saw me pushing her away." Cas explained. "Dean, honey calm down, I think Cas is telling the truth." Mary said softly.
"Next contraction I need you to push hard for me Dean." Tessa said and Dean took a big breath, brought his chin to his chest and pushed. "That's it Dean, keep going honey." Mary encouraged, "oh my goooddd!" Dean almost yelled after taking a breather, he grabbed Cas' hand and pushed again.
“Dean, when you were missing that was the scariest moments of my life. I don’t want anyone else feeling that way and I want to make sure omegas can feel safe.”
“I’ll tell you what.” Ellen started, “the bar is closed tomorrow and Monday just because I need a break from it, I will take Henry all day and keep him over night and bring him back before I go in and open Tuesday morning.”
Cas was a nervous wreck, by time Gabe picked him up from swim he couldn't concentrate on anything. He just ran through the motions while he was in the shower, thinking about seeing Dean and what condition he was in. He dressed in dark jeans and a light blue v-neck t shirt and checked the address one more time before borrowing Gabe's car to head to Dean's. Cas pulled into the driveway right as the clock on the dash hit 6:30, he got out of the car and made his way up to the front door and knocked. When Dean answered it a few seconds later the air in Cas's throat got stuck when he saw the black eye. He desperately wanted to make sure Dean was okay and once again swore revenge on Alistair.
“I’ll buy you new ones.” Cas said not even phased about it and threw Dean on the bed and instantly flipped him over and started licking up the slick.
Cas continued to lay on Dean's lap and eventually fell asleep. A few hours later Dean was tapping his shoulder, "Cas, baby get up, I need to change Henry." "kay." Cas mumbled and sat up to let Dean up, "what time does that party start?" Dean asked once he was settled in front of Henry. "I think 7, I'll text Charlie." Cas said standing up to stretched and to wake up a bit more.
When I finally got his arms down I noticed he was crying so I wrapped my arms around him and we both broke down crying. We cried in each others arms for a while and I moved us to the small couch there in the waiting room, I had my head in the crook of Dean's neck when we heard footsteps. "Uh, Mr. Winchester?" the doctor asked and Dean and I both said "yes?" at the same time. "We've got Mary stabilized and she's doing fine, I don't see any type of brain damage or any other kind of damage, she's very lucky for someone her age suffering from two seizures with in the same hour, she will be weak for a while I suggest that one of you stay home with her for about a week and then bring her back in for a check up. We would like to keep her here overnight just to make sure she doesn't seize again."
"Yes." He whispered and sniffled a little, "will you tell me when you feel like harming yourself?" "Uh, when I feel pissed or upset, mostly when I feel overwhelmed or uncomfortable." Dean said "okay, I want you to try something besides snapping that band on your wrist. Do you have any hobbies?" The dr. asked. "I, uh… I like to draw and take photography." Dean said quietly, "alright, good. Now, when you're at home, if you are feeling overwhelmed or feel the need to harm yourself, I want you to do one of those things." Dean just nodded and continued to snap his wrist.
Dean flinched and try to yank his hand away but Cas held onto it, "Dean! Snap out of it!" Cas almost yelled and Dean slowly blinked and he stared at Cas, "there you are, just breath okay? Nice and slow, calm down. You
Hey guys! PLEASE check out the few new tags I've added and take another look at them for any triggers for this chapter!
Dean barely felt Mary wipe the gel from his stomach and pull down his shirt. "Dean look at me." He heard her say, Dean slowly opened his eyes blinking a few times, and hugged Mary breathing in her calming scent. "I'm sorry." He whispered, "sorry? For what?" Mary asked pulling him back a little, "for screwing things up. M-my future, my life, everything." Dean started, "Dean listen to me. Am I a little upset? Yes, I am, but don't blame yourself, you didn't know that this would happen. You should have used a condom but I know there was alcohol involved. But I need you to know, that I will be here for you every step of the way; I've been through this twice, so I know what you'll be going through, and i-if things with Cas don't work out, that's his fault. But I need to ask you a question, do you love him?" Mary asked, and Dean nodded, "okay, have you told him this yet?" She asked again and she could see a small smile form on his lips which made her heart warm up a bit. "Yeah, he actually told me first." Dean said, "good, then I'm sure that he'll stick around." Mary smiled, "do you want the picture?" Dean nodded again and she handed him the sonogram and she could see the smile return again a little bigger this time.
The next morning Dean bolted awake and sprinted to the bathroom and threw up nothing but crackers and stomach bile. Dean slowly wiped his mouth and wrapped a towel around his waist realizing that he was naked and that Mary would more than likely come check on him. Sure enough she knocked on the door and pocked her head in.
incredible people I know. You love and care about everyone, you're an amazing artist, and I know for a fact that Sam looks up to you. So please talk to me when you're feeling bad or talk to Sam. Just, I can't loose you too." Mary said and carefully hugged her son.
3 days had gone by since Dean’s been home and he hasn’t left his room. If Henry wanted to spend time with Dean, he would have to go in there and play quietly on the bed while Cas took care of them.
Cas got the bath ready to go and helped Dean undress, "I can undress myself." Dean chuckled, "yeah, but it's more fun when I do it." Cas winked and gave him a quick kiss before stripping his clothes away. He helped Dean lower into the tub before getting in behind him. Dean relaxed against Cas' chest and smiled when he felt Cas absently run his fingers up and down the swell of his stomach.
Dean blushed even harder and just looked at Cas who gave him a small smile in return, "oh I'm so excited for you guys!" she smiled and eventually went back to the couch. Deanquickly pulled his shirt down and went back to Cas' lap, "okay, now that the baby talk is over, let's get this show on the road!" Benny said looking slightly uncomfortable, "okay, mom gave us money too for pizza." Dean mentioned.
"Oh, Cas it's fine!" Tessa chuckled, "but you should be able to have sex again in a couple of weeks. Dean has a check up around that time so I'll let you two know. Oh, and make sure Dean uses that wheelchair out of here." She smiled and left before Cas could thank her. Dean shuffled out of the bathroom in his favorite AC/DC shirt and a pair of baggy black sweats. "You ready?" Cas asked and Dean just nodded and headed for the door, "hey, butt in the chair mister." Cas said pointing to the wheelchair.
“Eh no thank you.” Dean carried Henry’s plate over to an empty table and slid in next to him with Cas in tow.
Once they pulled apart they turned around to their family who was clapping and cheering and they headed down the aisle and into the house.
"Cas and I could smell watermelon last night and we thought it was the pup… Never mind." Dean said softly and Mary chuckled, "that's great! But you need to remember, I'm a beta, I can't smell things as well as you and Cas." She said patting his cheek a little. "Well, I don't think a lot of people will be able to smell it yet… I smelled it first and it took Dean a while before he smelt it." Cas said grabbing some juice from the fridge.
“Oh, I’ll take a quick shower.” Cas said, “but Dean, everything will be okay. We’ll get this taken care of.”
“You’re right. He isn’t very smart.” Amelia muttered and followed Cas out of the shower. “Can’t you see you dumb slut? Cas doesn’t love you anymore. He never has, it’s always been me. Just because you’re ‘true mates’ or what ever doesn’t mean he’s going to love you.”
Dean grabbed a sleeve of crackers, a bottle of water and a small bottle of ginger ale that were left over from Dean’s heavy morning sickness. He made his way up the stairs and softly knocked on Charlie’s door. “Come in.”
"He won't stop." Dean whimpered, Cas knew he was talking about the voice so he made it so Dean was sitting in his lap with Dean's nose against his neck, he started carding his fingers through his hair and hummed 'Hey Jude'. "It'll be okay baby I promise." he whispered and went back to humming.
"Well, we kinda had a date tonight and since I don't want to go any where anymore but I felt bad about canceling, mom said he could come hang out here." Dean said trying to reach down for a coke but winced and gasped a little. "You okay?" Sam eyed him, "yeah, uh will you get me a coke? I-it hurts when I bend over." Dean said a blush crawling up his cheeks. Sam hopped off his stool and grabbed two cokes and handed one to Dean. "Thanks." Dean mumbled and grabbed a bag of chips and sat next to Sam at the island.
"Are you sure?" Dean asked rubbing the cool cloth on the back of my neck, "yes, I know Mary's excited to see Santa." I said and buried my face in Dean's neck. "Alright then, crawl back in bed, I'll make you some tea." Dean said and I crawled back under the covers and fell asleep quickly. Next time I woke up there were tiny feet pressed against my back I looked over to see a sleeping Mary, laying sideways with her feet up the back of my shirt. I couldn't help but laugh at the sight, "good, you're up." I looked over at the door to see Dean coming in with a mug of tea in his hands, "I was going to bring this to you earlier but by time I got out of the bathroom you were already out. Then Mary woke up and demanded she lay next to you." Dean chuckled and set the mug down and kissed my forehead.
They were sitting quietly in Bobby's when Dean's stomach decided to play the music of the whales. He turned bright red when everyone stopped what they were doing to look at him, Cas could see that he was starting to get anxious so he grabbed his hand and squeezed. Next thing they knew a bag of Peanut M&Ms were tossed onto the table making both boys jump. "I saw you two idjits runnin' in this morning, figured you didn't have breakfast." Bobby said turning back to his grade book.
" I said already scooting out of the booth. "What why?" Dean said then the smell hit him "fuck." I ran out of the store with the Impala keys and threw myself in and Dean came out carrying Mary.
“I will. Now, I’m going to go hang out with a few friends, I can sense a tension between you two that needs worked out and I don’t need details.” Charlie said and kissed their cheeks.
Cas finally sat down next to Dean and noticed he was picking at his burger. "Hey, what's wrong? I thought you were hungry." Cas stated, "I was…" Dean mumbled, "this is right Cas." Dean said a little louder. "What isn't right?" "he should be here! Not in the hospital still!" Dean said pushing his plate away and went downstairs before the waterworks started.
Dinner went by quickly and quite awkwardly in Dean's opinion. To him it was too formal and he had an odd feeling about Cas's parents but didn't dare say anything about it. When Cas pulled up to Dean's house, Dean turned around to face Cas. "Want to come in for a bit? Bobby wont bring Sammy home till 9." Dean smiled a little. "Sure." Cas said and they walked up to the door holding hands but that quickly changed once they were inside. Dean pushed Cas up against the door and attacked his mouth taking Cas by surprise.
When the bell rang Dean practically ran from the class room straight to the bathroom. Checking to see if he was alone, Dean threw his bag on the floor, took his glasses off and splashed cold water on his face. "Holy shit." Dean whispered to himself, he didn't even know the guy and he was giving Dean all these weird feelings. He dried off his face, put his glasses on and checked once again that he was alone and palmed himself through his jeans. Dean had been half hard as soon as he heard Castiel's voice, "jesus Winchester. Pull yourself together! You don't need to start slicking and stinking up the place." Dean said to himself, he took a deep breath and made his way to photography.
Hey guys. Sorry it's been a while since I've updated... I'm not entirely happy with this chapter but it's something for you guys. I hope you all are staying safe and healthy! Much love, xoxo.
"Can we go now?" Cas asked after Dean bought a few frames. "Jesus Christ Cas. We just got her but I fucking guess." Dean huffed shoving the bag into Cas' hand. "I need to pee before we leave."
"Yes, you did!" I said and leaned foreword to smash our mouths together. When we pulled apart Dean continued, "then you went up to the stage and when you came back the dj played 'Hey Jude'." Dean said with a smile. "Oh my god, yes. I remember I was nervous but you were happy that they played it." I said and we continued with the pictures till we got to the honeymoon pictures, "Cas, where'd we go?! It's gorgeous." Dean said looking at the picture of the view from the house. "The Bahamas, Balthazar has a vacation house there, don't ask me how he does because I don't know. But he let us use it." I said.
Henry rounded the bed and stood back and did a head tilt just like Cas does. “Why you on the floor daddy?”
I woke up to someone patting my face, "mama up!" Mary smiled when I opened my eyes. "Yeah, mama up." I said around a yawn and pulled Mary out of bed as Dean came back into the room to start packing. "Dad's picking me up in half an hour." Dean said pulling his duffle from the closet, "okay, I'll be downstairs." I said cooly; Dean came down the stairs 10 minutes later and found Mary and I in the kitchen eating oatmeal and toast.
"Dean that's wonderful!" Mary beamed, "yeah, that's not even the best part." Cas said. "Cas. Stop, I haven't even decided yet." Dean said putting his fork down, "decided on what?" Sam asked and Cas just gave Dean a look. "I hate you…" he sighed, "Alex Murray, the head guy down at the art museum offered me a job, saying that he loved my paintings so much." Dean shrugged, "Dean." Cas said, "oh my god… Alright, he also offered to buy my paintings for $300 each." Dean said staring intently at his food. "$600 dollars total?!" Mary shrieked, "Dean! That's amazing, and a job offer!" she said smiling, "yeah… He said to give him a call when I decide." he shrugged.
They both didn't last too long, Dean came after 5 more thrusts and Cas pulled out arranging them to a more comfortable position before sliding back in and locking them together. "Love you." Cas whispered but Dean was already asleep.
He got up and decided to take a shower. Once he was done he decided to shave the scruff beginning to grow on his face. On the final swipe, Dean nicked his jaw line. “Son of a bitch.” Dean washed off his face and put some ointment on the nick.
Hi again, it's me... I know this is kind of a boring chapter but It'll start picking back up in the next chapter! I just wanted to get some new material out for you guys! PLEASE let me know if anyone is still even reading and what you think so far. Xoxo.
I told her, "Mary missing Dean I take it." Sam chuckled, "yeah, Dean and your father are actually in Iowa right now picking up some car to restore." I told him. "Oh, well it's a good thing I decided to call you instead of Dean then." Sam laughed, "well I got to go Cas, Jess and I are both glad Mary's okay. Give her a hug for me and I'll talk to you later." We said our goodbyes and hung up; Mary and I finished lunch, "okay Mary, why don't we take a quick nap and then we'll go to the park." I said wiping off her hands and face, "no mama! No nap!" Mary said trying to squirm away from the wash cloth.
“Henry, papa is home!” Dean yelled out. Henry started running over but when he saw Benny he stopped in his tracks and ran back to Charlie.
They popped in Avengers and Cas went to go get the chips and popcorn. Half way through the movie Dean could feel the pup moving so he grabbed Charlie's hand, since she was right next to him, "what are you doing?" she asked when he grabbed it. "Shh." was Dean's only response and he placed her hand on the top of his stomach, "I still don't know what your doing…" she said looking at him weird, "just wait." Dean said and ran one finger down the center of his stomach and a solid kick was pushed against Charlie's hand, "holy crap! That's so cool, do it again!" she grinned, "just wait, he'll start moving like crazy on his own." Dean said smiling a little and leaned into Cas a little more.
"Hi baby, were you good for Missouri?" I asked kissing her cheek; "she was a perfect little angel." Missouri said letting me into the house. "We made cookies!" Mary smiled still clinging to me when I sat down, "you did?!" I asked and got a big smile and Mary shook her head yes. Missouri came back in and set down a cup of tea, "thank you." I said and switched Mary to my other leg when the other one began to fall asleep. "So honey, how was your date?" Missouri asked, "it was really good, uh… Mary sweetie, go play so Missouri and I can talk."
He noticed a glass of water and some crackers on his night stand with a note from Mary, 'stay hydrated and eat the crackers. I'll check on you later. Love, mom.' He drank the whole glass of water and went to the bathroom to fill it back up before eating a few crackers before his next round hit. He pulled a box out from under his bed and picked out his favorite toy and hunkered in for the night.
“When?” Cas asked, “what?” Dean asked softly, “when. Did. You. Two. Date?” Cas asked again, “shortly after my dad left at the beginning of the summer.” Dean said and Cas let out a humorless chuckle. “So you were barely out of a relationship when we got together?… Did you two fuck?” Cas asked, he was pissed now, he didn’t care that there was a crowd of people watching.
“Jeez cranky pants.” Dean huffed and got on his knees in front of Cas and started to massage the knot causing Cas to let out a deep growl.
Taking a deep breath, Dean continued. “I walked into the house… Went up the stairs… And… You were in the shower. With her.”
“He’s alive.” Cas coughed but waved off a different paramedic who tried putting an oxygen mask on him. “He just passed out from the smoke.”
"Tank you mama." Mary smiled and ate an apple chunk. Half way through lunch my phone started ringing from the living room, I went and picked it up and came back to the kitchen. "Hello, Sam." I answered, "hey Cas, I'm sorry I'm just now calling, but things are have been so crazy here with finals and everything. We heard about Mary, how is she?" Sam asked, "she's fine now, the doctor said it was brought on by a high fever. He gave her some medicine though." I explained continuing to eat my lunch. "Daddy!?" Mary shouted reaching for the phone, "no honey, it's Uncle Sam."
Mary couldn't hold it in any longer, "I know you boys wanted to bring him home, but the nurses told me that he was perfectly healthy enough to come home, and I figured why wait another night." Mary said and Cas had to lean in to unbuckle Henry's carseat because Dean was crying so hard. He ran over to his mom and flung his arms around her waist, "thank you!" He said trying to stop the tears, "you're welcome honey, let's get him inside." she said and Dean went back to Cas and grabbed the diaper bag.
Surprisingly the day went by quickly, Dean found Cas at their lockers and poked his side, "so, I wanna hang out, but my house still smells faintly of my heat…" he said blushing a little. "We can go to my place, I mean Gabe will be there and probably annoy us, but my parents are on a business trip." Cas said, "okay, do you want to ride with me? We can go pick up Sam so I can take him home and then we can hang out." Dean smiled, "sounds good, let me text Gabe, oh and I do have to work at 7 tonight just so you know." Cas said. Dean just nodded and grabbed his hand and they walked out to the Impala.
By time friday rolled around Dean could barely sit still, he had his collage loaded in the Impala already, after laughing his ass off at the picture of Sam he had taken, "you're such a jerk!" Sam yelled when he saw the picture. It was perfect Sam was on his back mouth wide open with drool running out of his mouth, Dean was surprised he even got the picture he could barely keep his laughter in. "Sorry Sammy, gotta do what I gotta do." Dean chuckled as he dropped him off at school. He got to school a few minutes early so he could go ahead and put his collage in Bobby's room, Bobby wasn't in there so he just put it behind his desk and left.
"Actually, could you come over around 5:30? That way uh.. That way Dean can re-meet you? That way he's no so overwhelmed at the shower." I said "Of course, I'll let Jimmy know." We we all talking while the pastries baked when my phone chimed.
After he got done with the second one, he started craving brownies, so he got up and looked through the cupboards for brownie mix. "Jack pot!" He said and pulled out the mix and started the oven. Not realizing what time it was, Sam walked through the door and found Dean in the kitchen. "What are you doing?" Sam asked making Dean jump, "jesus Sam! A little warning next time. And what does it look like I'm doing?! I'm making brownies." Dean said turning back to the batter. "Um, Dean… Yo-you don't like brownies." Sam pointed out, and Dean stopped what he was doing and spun around.
"We should probably start getting the nursery ready…" Dean said a week later, tracing random patterns on his stomach. "Hmph." Cas mumbled from his side, "that means getting out of bed. Don't wanna." he said hiding his face in Dean's neck. "Cas." he chuckled, "come on. We've already got the paint, rug, and the dresser, we can do it today…" Dean said, "fine." Cas groaned and slid out of the bed, "but your showering with me after." he said, "I can deal with that." Dean grinned also getting out of bed.
He just wanted cold water, "alright sweetie come on, one leg in.. There you go, now the other." Mary instructed while Dean slowly got in the tub and she help lower him down. Once he was situated Mary excused herself and went downstairs, before she left she heard Dean, "mom… Cas. I-I need Cas. Please." He cried and Mary's heart broke, she figured that's what triggered his heat, she knew that Cas was leaving out something when he told her what they were doing tonight, but that was none of her business. "I know sweetie, but not this time." She made the hallow promise and went downstairs.
“Ugh. Finally!” Charlie said once they came downstairs. “And I’m definitely not going to point out your different shirt.”
"No." Dean said quietly, "what?" "I said no Cas! I don't like here, she gives me bad vibes and I don't like you hanging out with her. I don't want to be one of those people who tell their boyfriends who and who not to hang out with but your giving me no choice." Dean said his voice breaking at the end. "Come here." Cas said quietly, helping him to stand. He gently took Dean's glasses off and set them on the computer desk and pulled Dean into his arms. Dean's nose was pressed into Cas' neck and Cas carded his fingers through Dean's hair and held him tight. "I wont continue to talk or see Amelia if you don't want me too." Cas whispered, and he felt wetness on his neck indicating that Dean's hormones got the best of him.
Cas came home around 6:45 and apologized for the delay. He had gotten caught up in paperwork and lost track of time. “It’s alright Charlie is still getting ready.” Dean said taking the pizzas from Cas so he could go change.
Two hours later Dean and I were in the bathroom enjoying a hot bath together. "Mary went down a lot easier than I thought." I said relaxing into Dean. "Yeah, I think Gabe gave her a shit ton of sugar today so she just crashed." Dean said rubbing patterns over my stomach. "Have the twins calmed down?" Dean asked, "yeah, the calmed down shortly after Mary went to sleep. Hopefully they'll stay calm the rest of the night." I said. "You know, we should probably start thinking of names…" Dean said, "I know. Any ideas?" I asked.
