"First impressions," he agrees hopelessly.  "If it helps, I do recognize the irony of mocking the very concept immediately after deliberately making the worst one possible.  In my defense--"
"Trade for a great deal more of this," Castiel answers, studying the anonymous brown bottle of currant wine before taking another drink.  The two blankets folded beneath them make a very adequate cushion and excellent insulation against the cold concrete of the roof, and with their coats behind them, cushioning them from the unforgiving surface of the ledge, they share the other blankets to maximize heat retention. He's become an expert at maximizing heat retention, as even with Dean's weather stripping efforts, the cabin is cold, and leaving the electric heating units on all night is to be avoided at all costs. As he explained to Dean, the fire hazard is inarguable, so they must make due with blankets and proximity to assure adequate warmth.  Hyperaware of the warm stretch of Dean's body against his side, he frantically tries to recall what they were talking about.  "And discover where Alison gets her supply of coffee."
He nods, stroking her trembling back.
his life, and that doesn't include the option of dying before he's done if he can help it.
He's not flushing; it's kind of hot in here, though. "Not something you would risk normally." Even then, he appreciated how much trust they were offering him just by talking to him.
"Now that's interesting."
"I don't--I don't think they did."
"If I'd been capable of thinking of that, I would have." Cas looks into the distance with a pensive expression.  "Hours, Dean.  In linear time.  In the rain.  It was horrific.  There was mud.  I almost missed the lack of accusations of fornication with their sheep; at least that would have broken the monotony."
--and walked on two surprisingly unbroken feet all the way here while pulling a goddamn knife out of thin air.  She said yes to your fucking goddess because she wanted to save the kids and didn't care what she gave up to do it."
"Vera, did you ever retrieve any maps?" he asks, then glances at Teresa.  "Did you?"
"Good, Master," she answers blankly as long twists of locked hair falls around her face.  Reaching up automatically, she starts to roll the twists together at the back of her head and pauses, staring at them filling her hands.  She used to do that (
He receives twin nods.
"Yes," Cas answers, certain.  "It does.  Your very existence is the proof."
"Lucifer being released from his cage, though unfortunately, the time was ambiguous."  Dean shuts his eyes.  "She only saw the face of one of the men and for obvious reasons, she remembered it."
"If I'm disabled or killed, you'll be the one who steps up, just like you did before, but at least this time you'll know about it," Dean says.  "Two times now, Cas, it's been close.  We can't risk what happened when Dean died happening again, you're right about that much.  He took everyone who knew what to do when he went after Lucifer; we're not making that mistake this time."
"Huh."  Dean looks between them for a moment, then at the crowd around them.  "Yeah, you're right.  We haven't done anything like this, and Cas's never even been to a big party before.  Cas, how long will it take you to work a couple of options for a sitch like this?"
thing he wanted, that he'd
are you to decide that?"  Carol leans back against the pillows, eyes wide.  "Ichabod's gotten along for two years without you to guide them, so I don't think you--or I--have any fucking right to even ask that question.  This town decided how to deal with this, as a community; you deciding on your own that they're doing it wrong...that would be shitty on its own, but you didn't even do it for a fucked-up principle and don't pretend you did.  You did it just to fuck with Alicia."
"Gave me nightmares," Dean says absently, still looking troubled.  "Weirdly enough, though, that would better than some of the alternatives."  He shakes his head, grimness folded away if not forgotten. "So your favor: you want it now or saving it for a rainy day?" He smirks.  "Metaphorically speaking."
.  How the hell could he tell I forgot my boot knife?"
"Cas."
"Alive," she says flatly, and he helps her upright, bending to protect her from the eyes that watch them. Head falling onto his shoulder, she sucks in a breath, and he feels the uneven rhythm of her breathing against his neck, the fast beat of her heart, the faint tremor of her body, and tightens his arms in reassurance.  Stroking her loosened hair forward to give her better protection, he follows Dean's gaze to see something not-quite fog drifting across the road and through the brush.  Thickening, it spins into narrow ribbons, circling through the clearing and winding around the demons still present in sickly tentacles that tighten more at each revolution.  "Dean?"
"We're good," Teresa says wryly.
Vera nods, doing the most expert weaponization of respectful attention that Dean's ever had the privilege to see, and just for that, he really wishes he could get to know her.  "Yes, sir."
"You're gonna convince them of something you don't even believe yourself."  Setting down his cup, he studies the surface of the table intently before meeting her eyes. "Like I said, I know what I’m asking you to do."
"You can't--" Kyle's mouth shuts abruptly and Castiel realizes he's halfway down the stairs and can't remember deciding to move at all.  The abrupt attention of the (far too numerous) people in the room is too much, and Kyle's expression….
"Simple but not easy," she retorts.  "How not to be a monster, by Castiel of Chitaqua.  Really helps, by the way, have I mentioned that?"
Dean nurses his latest bottle carefully; he's lost his head for alcohol and for that matter, he can't remember if he ate anything since breakfast and that was forever ago.  He tries not to look at the clock; while they're technically done with the three hour quarantine, he's not leaving Manuel alone here to drink the last hours of Cathy's and Del's lives away.  So he makes Manuel talk, about anything and everything, their first year in Ichabod, when survival was more a hope than a guarantee.  He and Teresa were speed-training civilians on the basics between Antonio, Mercedes, and Dinah teaching everyone how crops worked, and one and all learned how to make cows and pigs into meat, run a power plant, and live a life of much less in the way of gas and not a single goddamn grocery store.
Tipping his head back, Dean lets the ongoing conversations wash through him, comfortable enough to fight to the death if someone tries to make him move.  If his slump is getting more toward Cas, it's just because he's warm, a human-shaped space heater that makes him consider the feasibility of crawling into Cas's lap and bury his face against his neck for completely platonic warmth-related purposes (and he hopes Vera asks so he can give that exact answer).
He bites back the automatic answer that he had more important things to do than attend gatherings. His Grace was trickling away with every passing hour, and what he'd be left with afterward was a question with no known answer.  It's both true and still not the answer to the question she's actually asking.
Castiel's amusement fades.  Not prophecy, fate, or the Host's greatest efforts, could make Dean do what he didn't want to do; it seems the art of manipulation truly is best practiced by demons after all.
"Cas, are the wards working right now?"
"We shouldn't have lost those contacts in the first place," she says hotly.  "With those military units still no-show, the supply situation is going to go to shit if we depend exclusively on salvage operations and wildlife, of which there's not any."  After a grim pause to ruminate the potential menu choices should this continue much longer, she sighs.  "By the way, thanks for updating the maps and making copies for everyone.  Sid's got no sense of direction and it's a lot easier to argue when I can show him where's he's gone wrong."  She slants a curious glance in his direction.  "I didn't know you could draw."
He thinks of commenting on stealth ex-angels (and how he isn't eighteen anymore no matter how much his body tries to convince him otherwise) but Cas stretches lazily, lifting his head and through the mess of dark hair the blue eyes meet his like a punch: for a moment, he can smell salt and ozone, an infinite ocean stretching forever around him and surrounded by a storm as vast as the universe in infinite expansion, shots of brilliance like the birth and heat death of a billion stars.
"It's been a very long time since I trained anyone."
"The Federal government tracks gasoline sales," Dean says, keeping his gaze firmly on the camp walls as he takes another sip from his bottle.  "Especially now.  Knocking over an oil truck would get attention they can't afford, so they gotta do this as legal as possible.  How do you think they're getting it?"
He nods, again.
"So from this point," Teresa says, pointing at spot about a quarter mile from Ichabod's patrol line and the bottom of the steep incline leading into Ichabod, "we set Ground Zero, and clear every vehicle from the roads between there and Point D, the most distant feeder road, a little less than fourteen miles." Cas nods, checking his draft.  "Block points A, B, C, and D to traffic when they merge into IH-Ichabod--I like that name, we're definitely keeping it--and make them pick-up points."
As they reach the group, Dean starts to remove his coat, muttering, "Jesus, it's like summer over here," and Castiel considers the ambient temperature and proximity of the fire and decides to do the same.  Dean almost immediately tugs him down on the blanket beside him, taking the offered cup from James and murmuring something that makes James smile back worshipfully, brown eyes bright.
"I need to see Vera first," Castiel tells Dean, which makes him frown.  "I need to inquire about Carol's status and--I would like to tell her thank you for her help."
"Ichabod."  She nods.  "You dreamed about that, too?"
"My bad, I thought it was obvious, but next time, I'll tattoo it on you, along with my name."  The chill expression fades into a smile.  "Feel better?"
, or at least something like food was fed to him because using utensils are still a work in progress, but the point is, he
"Cas, you taught them, but newsflash--that's all you did.  You aren't responsible for what they did with it."
"I don't care."
"I was wondering about that," Tony agrees calmly, and Dean's never appreciated more how nothing seems to faze him.  Though again, two kids under six: that does explain a lot.  "Not many that I know of, and no one's talking, figured--you know."  Dean nods enthusiastically.  "You talk to Cas, we'll play it by ear, see what happens."
"In Kansas City," he says slowly, eyes fixed on some point in the middle distance, "Lucifer asked me if I wanted to know why he spared my life.  Then he told me--he told me the only question was how long it would be before I hated myself more than I hated him."
"Dean, we don't know if there is time," she answers, setting her cup down. "Two of those demons got away, and they're going to come back and try to finish this.  We both know it's not just a matter of time; it's going to happen and soon."
"For two weeks," he says out loud, just to hear it: two weeks in the middle of Chitaqua, she was being beaten by her husband, and no one knew but the people who made it happen. No visitors: to everyone else, she was invisible.
"If you can think of a reason to send Vera to Ichabod sometime soon, that would be useful," he says as Dean clears a space at the end of the couch and taking the offered spot.  "It doesn't have to be convincing. She won't care enough to judge plausibility."
"Three," he answers grimly.  "Five injured, not too bad; made them all come off the wall and took their walky-talkies.  One came to report, but on foot; it took her a while and she took a good knock on the head.  Said several people and two jeeps, but she's pretty shook up, couldn't tell us much more.  Anthi's team is there, but they're concentrating on the injured right now, so that's pretty much all we know for sure.  Guessing you're going out after them?"
"I'm not--"  Cas stills, not a good sign.  "I'm not doing that.  I would
Castiel thinks, blankly: this conversation would have been much shorter if you'd done that much earlier.  "As you wish."
"For two weeks."
"Cas--" Dean abruptly darts in front of him to grab his left arm, a consideration he wouldn't have expected.  "Look at me."
Opening the door, he stumbles out, and only belatedly becomes aware he's still standing on wood, not concrete.  Looking around, he tries to make sense of what he's seeing.  There's no concrete or asphalt or cars, no sound of the highway, no stretch of starry sky, just a room he's never seen before, and dimly, a blurry figure stretched out on the couch that sits up, head turning in slow-motion to look at him.
Give him credit, Micah simply looks at him, but come on, it's not like Dean can't guess how this went down.
Dean snorts, pushing a hand into the floor; the idea of even Cas's shitty mattress is taking on epic proportions of comfort and sleep, Jesus, just get
Rolling onto his back in relief, Dean turns his head to comment on some people maybe needing to lay off the whiskey when their tolerance is shit before they kill someone (or knock them to the freezing floor, which may be worse), but forgets what he was going to say; so Cas is really close right now.  Swallowing, he's suddenly very aware of the weight of Cas's arm across his chest, the press of his body along his side, and how Cas is looking at him from less than three inches away.
Dean blinks, wondering if Cas is trying to make him
to park in?"
"She used to be city before we got Haruhi," Dean answers distractedly as they reach the third floor.  "She was helping Tony's crew check the buildings earlier on Fifth and she offered to run over here and see if this one had been re-marked since the last time they did a survey." He leads them around the splintered wood that when Castiel looks down surrounds a hole showing a shadowy portion of the floor below them.  "I asked--hold up, a missing step coming up, just need to--" and Castiel jerks free of Dean just long enough to clamp a hand around his wrist as he starts to jump over the shattered remains of a significant amount of the next two stairs.
Tugging on his jacket hastily--the constant wind and occasional rain are making up for the lack of subfreezing temperatures--he follows her outside, catching up just as she starts to cross the square.  For a woman with a limp and a cane, she can really get around.
Also, Chuck's letters spoiled him, and also taught him a very important life lesson that maybe should be self-evident; gossip isn't just universal, it's fucking addictive, and Chuck may not actually sleep.
"Him," Dean says with unexpected bitterness, dropping back on his heels.  "Historical behavior.  You mean what went down at those meeting with him there."
"The other bodies, we need to burn them, and we're doing it tonight."  He pushes the covers back and slides to the edge of the bed, feeling better now that he's actually got something to do.  Might as well do something with this leader thing.  "In the kitchen, there's a bottle of painkillers.  Bring 'em here while I get dressed."
"And you didn't return immediately with those you stationed in Ichabod?" Cas asks him quietly, and Dean belatedly goes on full alert.  Last time he heard Cas sound like that, he was describing to Jeffrey his future as a living, decomposing wall ornament for Chitaqua.  "Do you realize--"
"Tequila," Vera counters, then hesitates.  "Maybe."
It's a genuine inquiry.  "No, but whatever she knows, it's only what Micah told her, and I doubt he told her much."  Carol parroting Micah's party line on Alicia like gospel doesn't give him a lot of confidence in her judgment, and Micah is an asshole but couldn't have been stupid enough to tell her more than he had to.  "Infirmary could use some more orderlies, though, maybe watch for visitors; we got anyone?"
"For shame," Cornelia says with a smirk.  "Such a close friend and you are miserly with your wealth?"
"What?" Chuck asks in bewilderment, but the discordant jangling of beads interrupts him.  Castiel notes in approval the two rifles and the handguns Dean had acquired, as well as the excess ammunition.  Glancing at Chuck briefly, he finds himself studying Dean again, trying to see him as Chuck must, as anyone else would, tracing out the familiar lines of his face and body, and fails.  Not least because in recent memory, he can't recall Dean ever looking at either of them as anything more than necessary liabilities he would be happy to do without.
That explains a lot.  "I'm looking forward to it."
"Oh, almost forgot." Pulling the basket closer, she groping inside for a moment before taking out a handful of papers that she presents him with a hopeful look.  "Dryer elf trap, Mark III.  Tell me what you think."
The gentle nudge against his back reminds him to move, and he counts each step, coming to a stop obediently when the hand on his hip tightens warningly, something solid brushing against his knees.  "Okay, open your eyes."
"Not much longer," he admits, staring resentfully at the cover.  "It may be fair to say at this point that I hope Tawaret will eventually make an appearance in the narrative, because otherwise, there are very few excuses for why descriptions of a water-based land mammal are entering the realms of erotic.  Admittedly, some of the poem is missing, but I'm less than a quarter of the way through it, and it's already verging on the unnerving."
When Cas appears abruptly holding the flannel, Dean stares at it with no clear idea what you do with those.  Tear it into strips, it's strong enough to--
--and Castiel with no clear idea of what he's doing extends his wrist, resigned to the obvious hatred the universe feels for him that proves itself merciless when cool fingers wrap around his arm and tug his wrist--and him--closer.  With an effort, he tears his gaze from the vivid purple ring of bruising and crescents of tacky-dried blood to look at Dean's flushed face.
"Better than Winchester House's BFF, better than a Fallen angel," Nate says, ignoring James's frantic head shaking. "Okay, I'm no Alicia, but I got three: angel, another cosmic entity, or a god."
Castiel thinks about how Alicia was pursued and Erica's control over the Croats. If she's still out there, without the distraction of a former member of her team, the situation will become far more dangerous; unlike Croats, Erica won't be handicapped by insanity, and she's never been overly burdened with empathy. Far worse, she knows them very, very well.
"It makes
He nods, watching her face.  "What else?"
Cas sighs, leaning back on one arm.  "I would have preferred you asked 'can they be killed', for the answer there is obviously yes."  Yeah, that's what he was afraid of.  "That Winchester House and Lucifer could tell us very little other than that it's possible, not that we have the means or ability to do so."
"God." Dean takes another drink, appalled.  "What else?"
"No idea," Alonzo answers, flipping the tortillas before indicating Dean should choose his bread (he points to the cornbread).  "One of us stops by, get our daily bundles, take it to the jeep."
"She wasn't," Vera says distractedly before meeting his eyes. "Okay, look at me."
"Fuck," Alicia breathes, passing him at a sprint and dropping down beside Mark.  "Cas, check Gary for me."  Taking Mark's pulse, she listens to his breathing before stripping off her jacket and flannel.  A knife appears between her fingers as she cuts the flannel into strips, binding the wound on Mark's shoulder quickly before turning her attention to his side and breathes out in relief.  "Good boy, magic bullet.  Cas?"
Sarah beat a Hellhound almost to death until it broke her rifle with the same emotional intensity she gives to breakfast; calm, she can do.  Almost immediately, though, he remembers when she came to talk to him about Kat, her expression in the mortuary.  At this moment, two of her team members are injured and the other one is waiting out quarantine before being taken into custody for murder and that's just to start the list.  "Should she be alone?"
When he looks around, he and Dean are alone in the clearing with the husk that once contained the infinite in all its potential, stripped of life before its time by what was left of a human soul when a demon rose from the rack. It's obscene, this; it has never, can never be anything else.
--or a Fallen angel locked in a room.
"I suppose the irony appealed to me.  The Darby translation of the Bible isn't nearly as lyrical, and Aramaic lacks…."  Cas shrugs, bored.  "I was very high.  You can call it anything you wish."
Well, yeah, but that's because Cas has a different standard for 'effective' and also, a different definition altogether.  Which makes sense: the best they could do--which by any normal standard is pretty fucking effective, if not particularly sophisticated or imaginative--wouldn't so much as get his attention if he was the subject. As an observer….it'd be like asking Michelangelo or Da Vinci to admire the efforts of a two year old with poor motor control and a broken yellow crayon.
Dean waits until they're in the kitchen before looking up at Cas.  "We can't throw them out.  They brought food. From Ichabod."
"Micah."  Dean watches her face, not sure what he's looking for, but he figures he'll know it when he sees it.
Dean does the math; about two months, twenty more; three after that, they get fifty.  Jesus, that's--  "Fifty people want to sign up for the war on evil?"
"Mid-size cities--those large enough to host a threat but small enough to be less interesting to the media--would have been targeted first.  I'm fairly certain that Ichabod's predecessor--whatever it was named then--was among those selected for first strike to eliminate even the potential for infection spreading."
Emet blinks, wariness inexplicably draining away, and he bows his head. "Whatever assistance you require, I offer it, and myself as instrument of your will."
"It was--" He's not sure, actually.  "Cas is crazy?"
"I can tell by the way you just almost went face first onto the floor," Dean answers, green eyes dark.  "Should I get Alicia back here?"
Dark wood walls set with stained glass surround him: a church, he guesses, confirmed by the sight of worn, lovingly polished pews, air redolent with the smells of incense and wood oil and lemon.  Faintly, he hears the sound of bells, but looking at the altar, there's no priest beginning mass, no parishioners in the pews.
"Did he know what was happening to him?" Dean asks curiously.
"Altering their memories?" he asks in surprise, adding quickly at Dean's scowl, "No, there's no danger at all.  But I'd like to remind you that I didn't agree to it."
"Okay."  He pulls his sidearm and holds it out.  "Go ahead."
Dean pauses at the genuine curiosity in the question, rewinding through the last couple of days and realizes that actually, no, he hasn't.  Even the few times he's been forced to leave the cabin for food or Chuck or patrol-related purposes, he got smiles and waves and hopeful expressions, but no one--
"And I'm the one with a fallen angel," Dean says, looking between them.  "I win forever, okay? And--wait, why does it even matter?"  He cocks his head, studying them before he starts to grin.  "You just met--you didn't know what either of you were, did you?
"You are not to leave alone or in the company of anyone else, and if anyone shows up who says Dean's down with that, I'm to shoot until I'm out of bullets," she recites, then looks at him earnestly.  "He made me repeat that twice, by the way."
Humans are predators as well.  What they gained in brain development didn't diminish the instincts that made them the most dangerous creatures his Father ever created; nothing is more deadly than a predator that can think.
"No," he answers, unable to look away from that brilliant smile.  "None at all."
She nods in relief.  "That was bothering me, thanks."
There's no way to mistake what he's asking, but it's not like Dean really believed--he's not the right Dean, he always knew that.  "Do you want to be?"
Lily looks distinctly unimpressed, but Tony's observed that her intelligence is unusually high, especially considering her age, and he finds himself in full agreement.
," Dean reminds them grimly, punctuated with another goddamn yawn, which makes Vera fucking
?" Dean asks incredulously.
Cas's head snaps around, the thin film of nothingness cracking.  "You don't like it."
Dean looks at the shape of his life looking at him worriedly: not a goddamn thing, so fuck off. I got a life to start writing.  First, though: get out of the goddamn bathroom and start working on the details.
"Eight hours, give or take," she says.  "Probably in two parts, and I need to be on hand in case any emergencies come up.  Anyone needs me--"
"And the fevers?"
They're just leaving Alison's street through the alley when Dean says, "The earth says--uh, sorry about the--thing.  She showed me--uh, anyway, that was supposed to fix it."  He glances at Cas.  "Did it?  For you?  And how? I forgot to ask."
A quick check shows Alicia and her team spread out nearby, coolly firing off shots like it ain't no big while Amanda takes a step back for a fast reload.  Moving slightly in front of her, Dean does a mental count and figures he has another couple of lines of Croats with the rifle before he needs to reload and blesses Cas for really being into the entire 'arming him' thing; looks like it's also useful for survival, who knew?
After that....he can live without wondering too hard about that.)
"Has it been this clean every morning?" Dropping his gaze to the rug, he wonders uneasily if it's always been that color.  Or for that matter, if he's always had a rug.
Just short of the stunned Forum watchers and silent rostra, she gently veers her direction toward the
Joe bursts out laughing, and looking around the room, Dean sees everyone start to relax: not all the way, but enough.
Christ.  "Right."  He needs coffee, Jesus. Staring to add to that, he frowns, searching Cas's face and remembers something. You said Tony wanted to check on Nate--something happen last night?"
"Because they are patrician on both sides," Sappho says confidently, and Dean guesses she's quoting someone.  "And of good family with rich dowries and excellent connections to Rome's most illustrious families."
"Well done.  You grow more Roman by the day," Publius says approvingly as he starts toward the door. "We all wish to do well by our fellow man, but it hurts not at all for our fellow man to reward us with something more substantial than mere gratitude."
"Drink once every time she disapproves of something you do," Cas agrees.  "She was inspiring; I had a list."
Dean cocks his head, peering into his eyes.  "Cas, you tracking?"
"Finish that up," Dean advises him, uncorking the bottle and taking a drink.  "Okay, now: Jesus Christ, Crowley
Dean waits for her to add something to that, then gives up.  "So…."
Amanda lets out a startled peal of laughter, blue eyes dancing as she deliberately slows her pace, hopeful.  "What happened after that?"
"Thank you," he says, nodding.  "Should have said that before; sorry about that."
"You wanna carry me?" Dean asks challengingly before sneezing again, which interferes with his glare.
"I'd been hoping for confirmation but never was sure how to ask."  He shrugs.  "I've been told mine can be an acquired taste."
, yeah, but boring as fuck to watch.
going to kill them.
baby, she's crazy!  I love you," she says, smiling tremulously.  "Now, let's--"
The steps between the stairs and that stretcher could be measured in miles, but he can feel Vera beside him, one hand resting on the back of his shoulder, grounding.  As he sets his burden carefully down, he hears himself repeating in his native tongue the words he told Andy only hours ago, that he told the man whose body Jeffrey stole before he died:
"What," Dean asks blankly, wrist-deep in soapy water.
"That's bullshit," Alicia says hotly.  "They did that a lot?"
"Kind of hungry," he says honestly, grinning into the worried blue eyes and watching them clear in transparent relief.  "What's for breakfast?"
, was that so much to ask?--proved how very wrong I was.  Educational, am I right?"
"Hmm."  Cas begins to grin, blue eyes closing briefly as he arches against the floor in a slow, languorous stretch that for some reason requires all Dean's attention until Cas finally goes boneless against the rug.  It takes a few long moments to figure out where, and more importantly,
In December of 2009, Dean can't swear to it, but on a guess, he was doing shots in the nearest bar and failing to get laid before returning to a motel room to hate everything before he passed out.  Here, Dean Winchester was doing jobs, training Cas, building a hunters network, being offered real estate, designing hunter boot camps, and getting entire families to pledge their lives and money to a war against Lucifer while spreading crabs across rural Georgia.  The only surprise is that he didn't cure cancer, Croatoan, and pull off world peace and a new age of mankind, but maybe he had to sleep or something.  And Detroit, of course.  Goddamn fucking Detroit.
"I could carry you," Cas concedes, looking like maybe he almost finds this conversation interesting.  "I'm sure that I can procure a camera to immortalize this twice in a lifetime event.  The other being when I bring you back."
Crowley staggers but recovers quickly, and before Castiel even realizes what he's doing, he's standing between them.
eyes, the body that he no longer simply wears but has to exist within as well--separating out what belongs to it--
get it across without outright threat of immediate execution, if that's okay with you."
That would explain a lot. "She's tired."
"He wasn't her husband then," he agrees in resignation.  "And her lack of faith in Dean's vision."
"Good," he says, meeting her eyes and sharing her satisfaction.
"You gave me drugs so I could entertain you?"  He takes a drink of coffee, feeling inexplicably warm.  "Dude, it's like you're corrupting with power right in front of me."
You've been fighting forever."
Lucifer hesitates only a moment before his lips stretch in a humorless smirk.  "Humanity has so many meaningless customs, it's ridiculous.  I wouldn't have thought you, of all people, would be susceptible to that."  He waves a hand at Dean's body before making a show of stepping back.  "Your last words to the dirt, if you must.  I'll even burn the body for you after you're done."  He smirks down at him.  "It's the least I can do."
"It's not."  Dean sighs. "He's not me, and everything he had--trust me when I say this, he'd want you to have it.  Nothing here's mine, and anyway, I don’t even want it.  So you decide what you want to do with it, and until then, it's in your attic."
"Wait." She tips her head as she looks into his eyes. "I need to tell Cas.  Now, before--before I lose my nerve."
"Tony's got city services getting more of the buildings on Third through Fifth opened up and ready for temporary residency," she continues.  "Everything marked white is priority--safe, just needs some drywall or curtains or whatever--but he's sent a group to check everything not marked red, since all those are at least structurally sound and won't collapse on top of anyone.  He says should be open for business by tomorrow."
Holding his eyes, Cas reaches for the hem and slides it effortlessly over his head, warm fingers trailing the soft cotton down the bare skin of his arms until it, too, vanishes into the darkness beside the couch.  When Cas turns back, Dean swallows, looking away; they're one layer of clothing from a repeat of the last time Cas saw him without his shirt, and he doesn't think he can handle that the only difference this time will be Cas might be able to hide his reaction.
Dean stills, breath caught in his throat.  "What?"
are we here?  To watch demons kill a lot of people?" he asks incredulously.  "Amieyl--"
"This is now," Amieyl confirms warily.  "It's always now until she's done."
"You shouldn't have been able to sense that."  Cas really isn't helping him stay calm about this.  "I wasn't aware you had had any contact with them, or I would have been more prepared."
"How he did it was relatively simple.  Four sigils that when combined and inscribed on a suitable conduit would attract Grace, which the conduit would then immediately conduct into the earth in a non-destructive form."
"Vera--"
--air against his bare arms and decides clarification is in order, and also, the bathroom, and guess which one isn't gonna wait.
"There's that," Dean agrees, and Castiel pauses to enjoy the feel of Dean's hands working out the last of the tension in his foot.  "Nate doing shit with city services on the buildings…."
"You'd know," Dean says pleasantly.  "She used you to get Alicia last time, didn't she?"
"My recommendation," Joseph admits, taking a drink.
"Three weeks ago," he says, "this town was attacked--wait, you know all about it.  How many residents died, Carol?"
Dean rolls onto his stomach, taking the time to grab a pillow to stuff under his chest before he looks at Cas incredulously. "No relation to the hunter in the daycare who just happened to take a lot of them out?" Not that he was a one-man army: every teacher, parent, and kid old enough to hold a weapon stepped up, and if Teresa's the one that encouraged Glenn and Serafina to start teaching those kids, he owes her thanks or no one would have survived.
"You were--"
"I apologize," Cas says without making any kind of effort to pretend he's not having a fucking
"They'll tell you the truth," Cas answers in resignation.  "Let's return to the far less unsettling subject of the end of the world.  Or Ichabod.  You spoke to Amanda regarding training the new recruits?  Did she have any concerns?"
Dean closes his eyes briefly, looking pained.  "Of course she doesn't.  Too easy, right?"
, I mean, to take you out."
"There is no negotiation; the terms were set before Time began, and those terms are unbreakable." He doesn't fight the smile now; Dean will appreciate this.  "Even Gabriel found that out the hard way.  He enjoyed being a trickster, yes, but that was simply good fortune.  Once he presented himself as Loki and took human worship in that form, he was bound to it as long as his worshippers existed on this earth.  And that's only one of the terms."
He jerks his gaze to Amanda, who looks back innocently.
"We have at least four months before it becomes an issue.  Alicia happened to need to ask me a question after Sheila's visit and gave me a very detailed list she also happened to have on hand."
He's either talking down the crazy guy or--just maybe--sincere. He'll take it. "Only thing in common--less people."  Wow, that sounds stupid, but might as well go for broke. "First night, you--you were talking about how much space people need and math, and I started thinking about--"
"I assume you're here to do the sensible thing and deal for your life," Crowley continues smoothly.  "Out of here, back to Chitaqua--you left it long enough, but better late than never, I suppose.  I'll even throw in your little militia; I'm feel generous."
Dean's set jaw doesn't indicate his amenability to this possibility.
?  I can't--" She stops short, looking at him incredulously.  "Promise me you won't tell anyone--
He raises an eyebrow.
She winces, and Castiel forces himself to turn away and continue his path to the coffee pot, which doesn't look at all inspiring (rather like a tar-tinged sludge) but is still coffee.  Going about the soothing ritual of coffee-preparation, it's only when he takes his first sip (execrable, but again, coffee) that he notes there's a second cup on the counter and--for reasons unknown--he seems to have prepared that one, too.  He tells himself it's the habit of refusing to waste anything that makes him decide not to pour it on the floor (also, sugar causes a very unpleasant stickiness that he hates cleaning himself).  Picking it up, he turns and grimly marches across the room before extending the cup.
"Yeah, no."  He holds Bushmaster's eyes, making a fist and listening to the sound of bone being crushed to dust, nothing left but a sack of pulped meat hanging from its wrist.  Catching the gun before it hits the floor and goes off by accident--he's got some on-purpose plans here--he sends it toward the wall and takes a moment to enjoy the sound of Bushmaster screaming, face nearly purple. "Be right back," he assures Cas, stripping the bullets from all the guns just in case and throwing them with the rest.  "Gotta do this first, then we'll get started, how's that sound?  Wait for me."
"Well, you're--kind of pale," she says with a frown, cocking her head.  "Probably wouldn't help, unless you really like your coffee super creamy.  Derek's coffee is me, late summer after a few weeks in the fields.  Delicately golden-brown and kissed by the summer sun."
"It worked?"
"Wasn't on the altar, but around it, like the wax," Sappho says unexpectedly, and Dean takes a step toward her, knowing exactly what she's thinking.  "I know your memory excellent; can you remember what the markings looked like?"
"Amanda will work with him," Joe says.  "You taught her and Vera a lot about rehab after injuries, so thanks for that."
"Kids eat first," Vera offers, straddling the bench with one arm casually draped over Amanda's lap.  "Gonna fight them for dibs on the barbecue, fajitas, and samosas?"
Reluctantly, Dean opens his eyes, seeing the faint lights from the watch and straightens, dragging the words of the spell into his memory.  Before he can finish the first word, however, his sleeve is jerked up and something cold swipes across his skin, and the faint tingle he's almost grown used to vanishes into nothing. Grabbing his arm, he jerks around and is hit in the face with the smell of rubbing alcohol, but despite watery eyes, the blurry outline of Chuck holding a piece of gauze and a bottle is pretty goddamn telling as the jeep comes to an abrupt stop, almost throwing Dean into the dashboard.
Dean looks between Joe and Cas.  "What?"
He nods slowly. "Okay."
"Quite.  To behold Cynothoglys in her true form is to experience ecstatic death," Castiel explains.  "She had no form that was safe for any being, even us, to view with impunity, and her kind are incompatible with life on this plane, so a vessel was out of the question." He hears the strain in his voice. "When Lucifer escaped the Cage, he summoned Cynothoglys not to a place, but
Skimming down the faded beige shirt rucked up around his ribs to the sagging waist of his jeans (no guru-wear here, check), Dean cocks his head and does a visual check of the surrounding three feet, trying to guess where Cas hid his gun and pauses at the dark space beneath the couch where a glint of metal is just barely visible.  Knife might be under the pillow, he speculates, dropping into a crouch by Cas's hip and plucking the joint from his hand, waiting patiently for Cas to frown and the small ice age required for him to finally track the smoke trail to Dean.
Cas starts to answer before he seems to change his mind.  "It was a stupid risk to take, going back.  I just--" He wets his lips, looking uncomfortable.  "He can be petty, perhaps even especially in victory; it confirms every slight against him was unjust and demand recompense. I didn't know--what he might do to Dean's body."
some sort of clawed, furry reptile to death--Teresa said it looked like the offspring of a seps and a Siamese cat, which both intrigues and revolts me in equal measure--with the butt of her rifle."
"So what's on the schedule for today?" Castiel asks politely as everyone sits down at the worn dining room table for a late breakfast.  In honor of their visit--and due to the fact that today Amanda will begin her first training class for Chitaqua's potential hunters--Alison and Teresa, along with Tony and several members of Ichabod's council, took the morning off their usual duties to observe and provide encouragement to the new trainees, who today will meet at ten instead of the dawn.
Cas's eyebrows jump in what Dean thinks is 'utter shock'.  "Cas?" he asks, because this is fun and all but information would be helpful.  "What? It's a crazy maybe-haunted house."
Castiel stills.  "Do you feel that I'm--"
She snorts.  "Oh yeah.  They talked to me--separately, of course--and they threatened me, like I cared.  They couldn't kill me, not after what happened at the cabin, so what was left?" She laughs quietly, shaking her head.  "There was nothing they could do to me that came close to what I'd done to myself.  And it wasn't like they did anything but talk.  Eventually, it hit me why; they
"Even if--even if I could," he adds more thoughtfully, "I won't do that to you.  It's one thing for everyone to think that you're infatuated enough to let me do this.  It's another that you're so infatuated with me that you would do that and overlook blatant infidelity as well.  It may not be real, but how you will feel knowing what everyone here must think--"
Kyle isn't completely stupid; staring at Dean fixedly, he starts to tremble, bewilderment and terror fighting for supremacy before human instinct takes the decision from his hands.  He starts to back away, turning toward the jeep but is unable to stop himself from glancing back and trips over Micah's body.  Landing in a messy sprawl, he sits up and stares at the ruins of Micah's throat before scrabbling desperately backward and finding his feet, makes for the other jeep at something just short of a run.
"You're all bound to this contract
Currently draped across the couch, dark brown hair plastered to his forehead and usually pale cheeks flushed bright red, Nate moves a couple of fingers in what Dean assumes is probably a wave.  Mira, whose curly brown hair, only a little darker than her skin, is fighting to swallow her face, is tucked into the far corner and waves absently while she continues what he's pretty sure is a conversation with Nate's boots in her lap.
"Dry mouth is a common side effect," Cas adds as Dean finishes his cup and hands it to Cas for a refill.  "It will be another ten to fifteen minutes before it reaches full strength.  The temperature has been dropping since dawn and there's a very good chance of another snowstorm by tomorrow night according to Tony.  Vera has requested in her capacity as Chitaqua's chief medic that to lower the risk of illness, you're to remain indoors with sufficient heat as much as possible."
"I did," Dean says, wondering if he should be pissed or impressed.  "She distracted me.  Just said Alicia would report about the investigation before noon."
"Conquering Kansas," Dean says thoughtfully, glancing down at the plate before looking up at Castiel with a slow nod.  "I can do that."
"One hundred and twenty thousand, four hundred and ninety-five using ten square feet per person," Cas answers like it's perfectly normal to talk to someone staring at the wall.  "Roughly one hundred and eighty-five thousand if reduced to six point five feet per person, and I wouldn't recommend dropping lower than that for very long.  Humans are social animals, but you do like your space and will kill others to acquire it."
"I don't--" Focusing on Dean again, he's surprised to feel the pressure ease.  "I can't."
"I thought it was a fluke at first," she admits.  "Or the number of people around.  Some people are harder to read until they relax or start concentrating on something--"
Smiling, he takes it, tucking it into the sinus of his toga and bows lower.  "Your kindness will be rewarded."
"Volunteer Center," Joe says, eyes narrowing in sudden comprehension.  "Son of a bitch.  Yeah, left early: wonder why? Want me to go get him?"
"What's in there," Dean says maddeningly, "is you, Cas.  And not," he adds with a warning look, "a monster.  Got it?"
Dean closes his eyes as Cas crosses the room, stopping just behind his chair, but for some reason, he can't quite stop smiling.  "That didn't happen."
"You don't know."  He's already very tired of that answer.  "You know what's happening in Ichabod now, I assume."
?" Dean bursts out incredulously, barely remembering he's holding a coffee cup and hastily setting it down on the sink.  "You gotta be
Vera puts down her stethoscope with a sigh that Dean decides to interpret as a good sign. "So you managed your entire dinner--"
"As sure as snow's coming tomorrow night," she answers soberly.  "Can't make the weather stay away from the people, so better idea: get the people out of the weather before it gets here.  They don't know if they can get the grid up to Fifth for full heat, but four walls and a roof, that he can do.  Volunteers are collecting extra coats, sleeping bags, tents, blankets, you name it right now."
Dean starts to ask what, then realizes his teeth are chattering; Christ, he should have grabbed a blanket or something.  "Thought I heard something," he says, shivering (seriously, it's freezing) and nearly bowling Cas over to get back into the semi-warmth of their room and diving for the bed.  "Hurry up," he says impatiently as Cas closes the door, reaching for the lamp on the stack of plastic milk crates that last he saw were being used to carry supplies in the morning.  Their recruits are awesome.  "How'd it go?
"Matt," Vera says as she approaches Kat, David pacing her, "I'm going to need your help."
"My Father," not adding 'obviously' in the spirit of open and non-hostile communication.  "However, in this case, there's another possible candidate: a god.  However--"
"Yes, please," he answers gratefully, only belatedly aware it was a test by Teresa's expression.  "We weren't lying--if you and Alison need help, bring your family and come. We should get you up there anyway sometime soon; Cas has to do something with the wards to key you or whatever.  Make it a weekend.  We can get you a cabin.  Might even have electricity."
"It also helps that you don't want to be a monster," he continues, trying and failing to suppress irritation.  "Despite what you may think, otherwise normal people accidentally embracing evil while of sound mind are actually exceedingly rare, and those continuing haplessly upon that path, will they nil they, almost non-existent; actually, I can't think of a single one in all of history."
Dean squeezes his wrist, which is grounding, but not enough.
"Didn't know you knew him that well," Vera says and Dean belatedly feels the growing charge.  "You were together, what, five, six months--"
"Latin and Greek, I understand,
"I thought it was Kona."
"Then I suggest you get your fill of it on earth," Cas tells her.  "Also, what is the traditional range a
More than that, though: she
Claudia spits weakly, glaring at him, but she swallows hard and nods.  Emet rises, gesturing, and the restraints are removed and Claudia lifted from the bed, soiled sheet discarded.
This is the shortest of the three routes they use in Kansas City, and while it usually takes very little time to travel, Dean insists on stopping at certain points for no reason he can fathom.  The first three, he doesn't make any attempt to get out, scanning the street and then the buildings, a line appearing between his eyebrows that deepens at every stop.
"Don't let anyone tell you that you can't put a price on a human life," she answers.  "The price of hers, Sempronia's, Claudia's, little Sempronia's, and everyone under Cornelia's hand is the Gracchi fortune; money is a better deterrent than a sword."
' we could claim the Shores.  Is there some reason for doubt?"
"Give me your hand," Dean says firmly, in almost the exact voice that Castiel's conditioned to disobey on principle.  It's not quite, though, and the delay simply means Dean reaches over himself, taking Castiel by the wrist and setting his hand palm-up on one knee.  Head tilted, Dean cleans away the remaining blood with unexpected care, wiping a thin layer of unneeded antibiotic over the cuts before bandaging it neatly, tape secured with practiced ease.
That makes him curious.  "Alistair," he says, and Alistair tilts his head in acknowledgement, waiting. "Dean?"
Cas looks up, and Dean stills at the infinite stretch of blue looking back at him, a frozen ocean.  "Why would you think that?"
"Hobby," Dean explains, and if anything, Cas's expression enters a whole new realm of bewildered.  "Thing you do because you like it and it's fun.  Just because you want to.  It's relaxing."  Or so he's heard; the hobby thing is new territory, and for a while, he had a vague idea it had something to do with stamps or coins or sitting in trees staring at birds or something.  "It'd be good for you."
"How do you tell the difference?" he asks in bewilderment.
"There should have been, right?"  Alison sighs in relief at his brief nod.  "Thanks, I was wondering about that.  It was like it didn't even happen."
As Amanda checks each alley on western Second again, Castiel pauses to reload just as a Croat emerges unexpectedly from the third alley connecting Third and Second Street.  Annoyed, he slams the magazine in with his knee as he pulls his knife, gutting it when it lurches into range before cutting its throat.  A boot on its chest keeps it still long enough for him to estimate the time since it manifested full infection before he shoots it in the head and dodges back to avoid excess entrails.  It's not a danger to him, but one of the first things he was taught was to be a good example for others, and Amanda's students might be watching.
"Cas, you ask yourself why the border guards--who are pretty well armed from what I understand--need weapons?"
"Don't be afraid, Castiel of Chitaqua," she says, a smile in her voice.  "You've been many and now are one, but that one is a multitude.  You were, are, will be a thousand people before you're done."
Dean stares at the bathroom door, utterly floored, as Cas comes back out, checking himself when he sees Dean staring at him incredulously and belatedly trying to hide his
"Yes.  Both were telepathic--both active and passive, send and receive, and read-write, as you are, though you're far stronger.  Missouri had both second sight and far stronger clairvoyance, though hers was more general, than either you or Pamela, while Pamela could view without harm a small portion of the infinite dimensions of infinity--though not more than that--and I think had the potential for necromancy, though--"
"For now," he agrees. "At least until we know more." And hey, maybe tell the two victims about it first.
Though the exact nature of the conversation is something of a question (the doors were depressingly thick, though Brenda did try), it resulted in Dean restricting Cynthia to her cabin when not on duty in waste maintenance under Dane's watchful (and unforgiving) eye with a surprisingly large supply of shovels for her personal use and no discernible improvement in her general mood.
Yeah, he heard that wrong.  "What?"
Relaxing back into the mattress, he hopes that works to get the point across because words don't happen when you're staring into infinity.  There's a sense of hesitation before Cas kisses him, and Dean opens up for it unthinkingly, because Cas may need an example of what you do when you see a cliff, and it's not and will never be stop.
There's a long pause before Kamal says, sounding strangled, "Was that--was that a
Sitting back down beside him, Castiel surveys the design; it's oddly familiar.  "It looks like--"
"Jane is an excellent influence, and Sidney benefits from her confidence and good sense," Cas says, then hesitates.  "She says he's fun."
"But...." Dean honestly doesn't know what to say to that.  "They aren't here to tell you that you can."
As quietly as he can, Dean comes up behind them, looking over Cas's shoulder at the tiny face, big brown eyes regarding the world thoughtfully.  Cas touches her cheek with one finger, almost tentative, and the dark eyes focus on him briefly; maybe he's imagining it, but he could swear she recognizes Cas.
Castiel hesitates.  "I don't know," he answers slowly.  "But--it could be a coincidence, of course."
"Probably where I heard it, then." Alicia waves the report again.  "Okay, so Joe's report for Dean--it was at the front desk, I just borrowed it--and having read it--"
"He was there," Castiel confirms.  "Dean Winchester, the only person who can stop the Apocalypse and imported here for that specific purpose, was the only armed adult available to protect a daycare of children, among them the ones your demon wanted, and did I mention there were
"Tell me the 'surprise' is the finished moving part, not the moving in together part."
"Not at this moment, if he values his life," Cas says pleasantly, and to Dean's relief, he curves a hand over the back of his neck, fingertips sketching soothing circles against his skin.  Chuck makes a helpless, horrified sound, which is as it should be, he thinks contentedly, perfectly happy to let Cas be fucking terrifying at anyone he wants for a greater good.  "Chuck, considering how much time the archangels spent repairing your liver on a daily basis, I assume you know a remedy for a hangover.  Make one."
of the earth.  And even the parts that sometimes are, they're not that even
them?"
Remembering what Vera told him, he almost sighs.  Honestly, if he wasn't sleeping most of his days away, he would've seen that coming a mile away, because when Cas admitted to him that he didn't like idleness, the only surprise there was that Cas would think he'd be surprised.
In general, the wards reacting to a threat is the equivalent of background noise, barely discernible unless he happens to be in physical contact with them unless it's serious or dangerous enough that his attention is required.  However, the very recent rejection of a brownie trying to slip through was neither background nor something he could have missed even if he'd been trying, as the wards awakened him from a sound sleep at three in the morning to bear witness.  He would be lying to himself if he said he didn't sense its vicious satisfaction as the brownie ran shrieking its way into the night; it matched his own.
"Twenty-four kilometers, traditionally, but more a suggestion than anything," she says in surprise, joining him at the rim.  Manuel hands her the binoculars as he explains what the teams found, nodding with the same calm expression Cas used, one that Dean's beginning to associate with imminent doom.  "I'm strong enough to claim twice as much since...." She looks at Manuel, then at Cas.  "Thirty miles.  Same limit as those maps."
"Holy shit," Dean says, finishing his remaining coffee in a gulp.
Alistair regards her thoughtfully, then motions. "Come here."
He shrugs.  "We had responded to others who called for our help, and the first hunters had already begun to spread throughout the world to protect humanity.  There were enough to assure the skills would be passed to the generations that would follow, but--"
"Bullshit," Dean breathes, face the color of chalk  "There's gotta be a way, someone--
"Okay," Dean concedes after a moment. "So not as bad?"
"I can't say she broke the earth's promise, even technically; she has the natural right to simple contact with anyone.  Hearing her isn't guaranteed, of course--you need to know how, either an inborn sense or by being taught--but that's irrelevant.  Honestly, I get the sense it was the result of surprise; permanent wards drawn on a continuous surface are much stronger, especially when active.  She was watching the battle closely with me, and you were one of the very few living humans out there.  When you hit the ward line while it was already fully active--well, I'm not sure how she could avoid recognizing you; it probably was the equivalent of bumping into her.  Her timing--I'm not saying the best time to say hi is during battle, but you weren't actively occupied with saving lives, fighting to protect your own, or running quickly away from an army of Croat death."
"I think Alison would appreciate it if we didn't," he agrees, watching the thin lotion pool in Dean's palm before he reaches between them.  Bracing himself doesn't help at all; the tentative brush of Dean's fingers is electric.  Sucking in a breath, he feels Dean still briefly and has just enough time to wonder if he should begin his prepared discussion on the vagaries of human sexuality in modern times (Kinsey might be a useful reference) when Dean's hand wraps around his cock and he realizes he's grinning as if--he's not sure, but watching Dean jerk him off he
Since Teresa's multilingual--born and bred in Laredo, she spent as much time growing up on the other side of the Texas border as on this side, and her grandmother's family had been from Tlaxcala in southeastern Mexico--he must mean the terminology is unfamiliar.  Some of it's not translatable, he already knows, and a lot of it dates before the Spanish conquest and in several of Mexico's indigenous languages.
"No, of course not, that was justice, very Cas; his biggest regret is probably that he couldn't conduct a purge of Chitaqua that day and be done with it." Chuck sounds terrifyingly like he's trying to be reassuring, and much more unsettling, Dean does, in fact, feel reassured.  "I can't explain, but this--the entire thing--it got to him.  I'm not saying it was the reason for his descent into drug-fueled crazy, but it put some nitrous in the tank.  Kicked him up a notch when he was teaching, and floored the accelerator when he was done."
"I did not know that Messengers were kind."
"I have no Brothers," he says bitterly.
"You wouldn't be aware of this," Cas says finally, "because in general, it's utterly unimportant to know, but roughly twenty-six point eight percent of the human population has latent psychic abilities, and that's during periods of time you aren't engaged in an active war against evil.  The percentage is even higher among hunters and are almost guaranteed in families who have been hunting for three generations or more.  It's not that unusual."
"Disobeying my doctor."  It was a special hell getting Cas to agree to wake him up, but since technically she's doing this for him, Cas reluctantly agreed he deserved the chance to see her off.  It's weird how technically being Cas's commanding officer has absolutely no effect on what he's allowed to do.  "Where's Amanda?"
"Vera."  She shuts her mouth, glaring at him.  "He sold his soul with a gun to his head, same reason he was one of the ones that went after you and Cas.  And he's not the only one."
Njoya also suggested searching a community college for instructional texts on leatherwork specifically designed for beginners, as well as other very useful vocational skills, at which time Dean, Tony, and Alison decided to join the conversation.  It was a very enjoyable evening.
"They're located just south of the northern perimeter of District 4," Cas says, returning with his own cup of coffee and seating himself on the right side of the couch, tucking one leg underneath him before achieving his favorite comfortable slump into the corner.  District 4: southern Kansas border to forty miles north of Wichita, two alternate routes, three to five days to complete, got it.  "The patrol teams continue to follow your order to greet anyone they see, explain their purpose if they seem friendly, and be amiable, casual, and non-threatening for the length of the interaction, and leave immediately should anyone seem uneasy to emphasize our good intentions.  So far, there's been no opportunity for them to practice their people skills, as they've seen no one, so I remind them regularly."
"Awesome.  I need the next room or vaguely clear space," Alicia says, then brightens. "Here's fine, actually; this works.  Matt!"
"The holes?  Yes."
"Unlike you, I knew the what I was feeling and why," Cas admits.
"What?"
to the right of the
Castiel lazily pushes himself upright, and with the curtains pushed back, not much of the long, lithe body is hidden.  Even with the implied invitation of drawn curtains, she knows she should look away (Alistair brooks no rivals, even those only imagined), but she can't quite.
"I'm certain you would have tried," he says bitterly.  "You must forgive me, however, for not giving the earth the benefit of the doubt on how much it would care, for value of 'care' with an entity that has no context for it."
Reaching blindly, James closes a hand over Nate's wrist and practically drags him out the bathroom door.  Dean just restrains himself before starting to snicker, coming to lean on the counter by the sink as Castiel finishes, turning the water off.
"Then we try, try again."  He nods stiffly, and Dean nuzzles his neck, voice soft.  "Everything takes practice, and we're gonna get 'em all, so got all the material we need.  By the time we get to the big event, we'll have it down."
Son of a
"If I have two years, it will be more than I expect," Cornelia interrupts.  "That should be time enough, I hope."
"Oddly, very little," he answers, folding his arms over Dean's legs.  "When fighting a challenger for one's chattel--"
"Maybe salsa?"  He can actually
"We'll take Kat," Mel says, not quite lowering her rifle, eyes following Kat's every move while David keeps most of his attention on the remains of Andy: just in case.
"You don't," Dean answers, "if you thought I wouldn't be there when you were experimenting with Lucca's parentage if you wanted me. Or when you're teaching Vera, for that matter; I didn't even know she'd named it." Then something else occurs to him and the rush of jealous rage drowns everything beneath it.  "Did you?" he whispers, closing his hand over Cas's throat.  "Want me there?"
Dean nods.  "Just watching you?"  Not anything else, he means; watching is shitty all on its own, it sure as hell doesn't need dressing.
"Beer, Joseph has a useful hobby," Cas interrupts.  "What search for Dean?"
"Oh yes," he agrees, as the television flickers to life.  "I like when things explode."
"I think it was self-evident what happened," he answers before he can stop himself.  "You were among the first to arrive afterward."
"And if you're wrong?"
.  Jesus, someone should have broken down for Cas how it works, which is either climb out the window in shame (not recommended, especially when unexpected rose bushes make an appearance, but come on, it was fucking dark) or fake it like it's your new religion until you can get away, like a goddamn normal person.  He's almost ready to explain it himself--education is never wasted, and he's gotta man up and deal with it now--but that would be after he's calm enough to pretend he doesn't want to throw up or at least blame doing it on the whiskey.  Before and after punching something really fucking hard.
"Unless something went very wrong, with the potential number of people, the circle should have been closed two days ago at the latest and the sacrifice begun.  No matter how well controlled or powerful their master, these are demons; their master will use as few as possible to do this, both to avoid the possibility of them making a temporary alliance against him to gain the power and overpower him, and to make killing them all very easy when they're done."
Dean glares up at the window--embrasures?--the taped-over glass like (weirdly striped) eyes and wonders if he should talk to Cas about giving all the kids a refresher on 'how to spot an evil fucking building' because this is ridiculous.
Dean lets out a shuddering breath. "Dwayne and Sissy were building a castle.  Todd, Tyler, and Dee were best friends, did everything together.  Clark wanted to be a doctor, was apprenticing with Dolores after school every day, Dolores said he was picking up everything so fast.  Sandina was eight, Cia and Jimena found her in an abandoned car two years ago, and she was so smart, Cas.  They adopted Kelso when they got to Ichabod, and she loved having a little brother. They just got married last spring, did you know that?  Sandina got to be a bridesmaid, told me that her moms learned to sew to make all the dresses for the wedding.  She wore it to school the day after I told her I bet it was pretty, just so I could see it."  He swallows hard, eyes stinging.  "She looked like a fairy.  All that was left of it was bloody gauze when they were done."
"When I Fell, there were six women living who qualified, and two women and three children who could potentially do so," he answers immediately.
"There are--Christ, they're everywhere.  How many….?" He fights back a laugh when more appear, flooding her mind with light.  "There are
Alison pauses mid-drink
Dean nods; this almost sounds familiar.  "And there weren't enough."
Blinking, he tentatively takes the offered hand and is dragged to his feet so quickly his vision blurs, black spots dancing in front of his eyes.
"You ever try escalating on the fly?" Dean demands.  "That shit's hard."
"No," she says finally.  "You're special like that."
Startled, he frowns.  "What?"
"We have guards patrolling...." Alison makes a face.
Dean cocks his head.  "Patrol meets an hour after dawn.  Don't wanna fall asleep while they're reporting…."
Dean's eyebrows--which have steadily been climbing--reach maximum ascension and visibly struggle to go higher.  He has no idea whatsoever how to interpret that.
)--but that much, she won't give up.
"In the kitchen under the sink," Cas answers, never looking away from Dean.  "I checked it this morning."  He conveys with a look this is the very reason he did, which hey, good thinking.
Dean eyes Castiel speculatively.  "He didn't tell anyone more than what they needed to know.  Including you."
The steward frowns, but reluctantly, he retreats, and as the door closes, Dean sees Decumius is carrying a large, densely-woven bag slung over his shoulder, the material well-oiled to protect it from the weather.  Not waiting for Cornelia's nod, he comes to the desk, swinging the bag down on the polished surface, and removes a tall, wide earthenware cylinder and then a smaller one, setting both on the desk.
.  That's what ideas do; they
"Not to steal one," Dean answers with an unconvincing scowl.  "Look, those reports from the patrol, two weeks of nothing happening, right? Demons and Croats and Lucifer's flunkies, Lucifer takes off with them for his army, whatever, it's Lucifer, who the hell knows what he's doing.  Cats and dogs don't like him, they aren't there--"
Melanie simply rolls her eyes.  "Yeah, no."
"There's a dot," she says, screwing up her face.  "Just off-center or so.  Tiny, but it's bright."
"You said the local patrols have been unusually quiet?"
"And the walls appearing out of nowhere," Dean hears himself say, knowing better and still regretting nothing,  "No way she could miss that shit."
"Wanna be more specific?"
A quick slash across the lines unmakes it just as the body jerks convulsively with a burst of dull light.  Wiping his knife clean, he sheathes it and turns to look at Dean, who's staring down at the remains of the demon's face, blankness being slowly replaced with a dangerous mix of rage and confusion.  Getting up, he crosses to the right side of the body, kicking Dean's knife away as Dean drops his handgun and taking Ruby's knife from the lax fingers; Dean carries his boot knife on the right, and he can easily stop him before he gets it.
"She requires consciousness to maintain control," he answers regretfully.  "You have your orders; if you have questions while on duty, come and ask me; there are literally no stupid questions when dealing with a powerful, somewhat cranky psychic with a taste for self-sacrifice."
"One hour, two at most," he answers. "Haruhi assured me that none of you received more than splatter, and I assume you had the sense to keep your mouths shut and avoid licking your lips."
"Thank you for coming so quickly," Cornelia says abruptly, seated at her desk in the
"What?" Dean tries to look at him, but only a dozen or so yards away, the too-green grass--Jesus, it's fucking
"Clever, maybe," Dean allows, opening his mouth over the curve of Castiel's shoulder and bearing down, just enough to feel the pressure.  "But not all that smart."
Vera's lips move silently as Kat begins to still, sobs fading as her eyes falling half-closed.  "Go ahead."
, that's new (he hopes).  It seems to be a theme.  "And you're…." He doesn't know what goes there, but maybe Cas will figure it out.
She snorts softly. "Yeah, that would have been nice, someone--" She cuts herself off.  "It was an accident."
Following the hazily familiar length of a brick wall, he emerges into the courtyard of a burned out apartment building, lawn grown wild, a grey stone fountain pushes out of the chaos like a landmark as tangled vines creeping up from the empty base.  Bathed in the thin light of a cloud-choked sky, the world seems to be fading more with every moment the passes, sickly yellow-greens and muted browns melting into a unending grey, and Castiel crosses a silent lawn the stretches the length of the universe beneath the gaze of windows like lidless eyes.
"I don't have to be here…." Cas stops, and Dean watches in interest as the obvious kicks in.  "Except to help you, of course."
"I have plans for it," Dean answers with a shrug. "Other than a cool wall hanging: gives the room a certain something, you know?  I'd have to make some changes if I killed it now."
that these days?  "Why would she?" he asks, using the exact voice Sam would use on Dad (ages fourteen to eighteen) in a rarely attempted but insanely effective 'bait Dad with maliciously earnest rhetorical questions until he explodes'.  (Dean would end up sleeping in the Impala to avoid being accused of not being supportive and/or undermining someone's authority.  Fun times.)  "Dude, abandoning your wife?  We call that 'divorce' in the infected zone."
"You'd be surprised what boredom can inspire."  He needs more time.  "Flex your hand again.  I don't want to inhibit your aim.  Describe it."
"Now that you mention it," Cas says seriously, "it does seem strange that no one has before.  The requirements seem to be an angel laid siege to Hell to successfully claim a damned soul, resurrected them on earth, and then Fell into their own vessel to live the remainder of their mortal life, at which time they have a very motivating reason to want to provide limited invisibility to someone in a cabin during an Apocalypse."  Looking at Dean, he gives him a picture-perfect impression of earnest curiosity.  "Certainly that's happened before.  Let me think for a moment so I can provide relevant examples.  Oh, wait--"
Castiel forces himself to finish the last bite before pushing his empty plate aside.  "He said the barrier was weakening."
"I have to admit," Amanda says reluctantly, "I wouldn't have called 'tried to shoot Cas' as first reaction for anyone, ever."
"Point."  Dean's grin fades into something more thoughtful.  "Kind of surprised you're okay with that. I figured you'd want one of the teams along, because you're like that."
"Weird," Amanda agrees.
"We'll stay with him," Sarah says, and beside her, Drew nods.  "Phil is with Kat, and with just two of us, we can assist with setup for the kill. In case," she adds in something that might have once met sarcasm, "Cas needs to kill more than one."
"I'm beginning to wonder about the psychic thing," Dean remarks.  "Are you sure you're not imagining it?"
"Yeah, not surprised you remember her again already. She's hard to forget, even with the earth's help," Teresa tells him wryly, and
"How did you...." Her head jerks around to look at the closed door, hand dropping to the hilt of her sword.  "Do you hear that?"
He can almost hear Dean thinking--for all he knows, he might be doing just that and just hasn't noticed Dean's thoughts with the distraction of
"He tried to kill you."
liked having sex!) And, let's move on to the next one.
"Huh."  He's kind of unwillingly impressed; Cas kind of failed, yeah, but considering what he'd had to work with….  "So I'm better at this than Zachariah?  Not a high bar there."
"Dean?"
He has no idea what to do with this. "Then how--"
"She's draining herself into the wards to strengthen them," Cas interrupts. "Which is another perk of having the wards permanently inscribed onto the walls; she can store power there.  It's perfectly safe, and while somewhat tiring for her, it's far preferable than waiting until we're attacked to have the wards draw directly from her."
"Once, when I started working the migrant circuit," she answers grimly.  "I'll tell you about that sometime, but not until we're drunk."
Dean can't really fault the shooting practice equals date, though; this definitely beats the shit out of a movie and dinner hands down, and Brenda's romantic soul is the reason there are cookies as well.  He assumes there's no wine in the camp or there'd have been a bottle tucked between the cold chicken and the container of butter-soaked sliced potatoes, because Brenda's like that.
Castiel nods warily.  "There weren't many people who had the knowledge or experience to be of assistance."
Dean figures this is a two beer minimum kind of night, so he waits until he's looking at his third before deciding he's ready for anything else.  Cas is on his fourth, which makes Dean think maybe this should be a straight tequila kind of night.
"Real people aren't married to a partner in a law firm and have shitty parents with a lot of disposable income."  That's not a guess: the classes she took as a kid don't come cheap, especially when you have a fucking
"You knew that night."  Cool green eyes bore into his.  "So what was the bullshit about Lucifer's army coming?  Just fuck with my head while you kept the camp busy or what?"
after?  You didn't."
Nothing can make this better.   "I owe you a debt for your intervention.  If you hadn't come, I would have--"
"I got it," he hears Alicia say, and breathes a little easier when Matt's gun comes out with a look on his face that says breathing wrong while Alicia's near him will end with a Dean-shaped splatter.  Even so, he doesn’t let himself move until Alicia checks him fast and thorough, and unlike Mark, she knows to get his boot knife.
Dean smiles back, gaze sharpening.  "Don't let me interrupt or anything, I just needed to ask Cas something."
.  She murmurs questions to Alicia, which Alicia answers with a shake of the head, teeth gritted together, but the last one ends with a strangled gasp she can't stop.
"Fourteen that she brought with her, one hundred to a box: twelve infused in various combinations and two mundane, one unscented," Cas says, meeting Dean's eyes with bar none the most effective use of 'innocent' Dean's ever been privileged to see as he tugs at Dean's collar, tongue flickering out to drag across his upper lip.  "Amanda assured me that we could afford it."
"Got it."  A bottle is shoved into his hand. "Top's off."
Dean wonders if it would be better or worse if he remembered what happened; it's not like he can't guess.  "I told him…Christ." He stares at Cas in horror.  "I thought you were him once, didn't I?"
"I didn't know you'd branched out into performance art!  Totally different thing," Dean protests, kissing him before he can protest and pulling him unresistingly to his feet. "Wakey-wakey," Dean croons at the table with a snap, watching it return from stasis with a muffled scream, gaze lingering approvingly on the lidless eyes staring in horror at the mirrored ceiling, cheeks bugling with the former contents of its scrotum before its lips were sewn shut, metallic thread as fine as spider silk gleaming dully.  Almost as if aware of Dean's attention, the right side of the obscene mound of its stomach bulges weakly, and Dean starts to smile.  "That's really something else," he murmurs appreciatively, and Castiel relaxes despite his best efforts: that much is genuine. "Gotta see how this plays out.  How many parts?"
Dean looks between him and Vera.  "Good idea," he agrees.  "I'll do that."
"We need to be ready."  Christ, he almost forgot that part.  "When she saw me the first time, that feeling--whatever the fuck that means--was we need to be ready.  She didn't know how much time we had, but it'll be enough."
"Not long," he answers grimly.
James nods shortly, and Dean takes in Zack's faintly glazed look and James' trembling hands, and turns to look at Rachel.  "Rache, we have any coffee?"
"You have command experience from your time as a team leader," Cas answers.  "Like Joseph, your team isn't taking patrol shifts--"
"You were out here," she answers with the faintest hint of surprise.  "I would have been here earlier, but I had to find a rope."
"Don't worry." He leans closer, breathing his next words into her ear.  "The way you're going, you will."
.  "I should have; it's very rare psychics live and work and interact with the world as easily as they did, much less regularly use their abilities in a professional capacity without some degradation in mental health.  I suspect that both discovered--probably by accident--that there were places their abilities were dulled or even null.  Faraday cages are ridiculously common, but size and quality would be factors; they'd need to have tried to use their abilities while inside a place that happened to be lined with a conductive material on all sides. A closed bank vault, for example, or an industrial walk-in refrigerator if they shut the door.  It's more likely, however, that they first discovered this in an elevator."
"Former.  That was then, and this is now."  He shrugs.  "I contain multitudes."
"That was rope, and a valuable lesson in keeping a sharp object in range."  She smirks in memory.  "Excellent knots, by the way."
"Cas said something about that."  Hearing it from Chuck makes it more real, somehow.  "That could really happen?"
"People skills?" he echoes. "I won't go, of course."
"It's not, but by now everyone's used to it."
"I need to discuss something with them before they go.  I'll meet you downstairs," Cas says abruptly, which Dean assumes means 'all the shit Carol told them', which is great, but only until he realizes he's alone with Alison and she looks dangerously close to saying something sympathetic.
Huh. "That'll work?"
"Not a problem," Dean says, easing Castiel's feet from his lap and shifting to his knees. "You're not a monster.  Anything else?"
Dean really hates fucking games. "Chuck, what the
"And they assumed no one would notice the casualty count?" he asks incredulously and knows it's a mistake when Micah's eyebrows jump, mouth curving in a faint smile.
"I'm saying thanks," he decides.  "Now can we--"
.  Eighty-four to eighty-seven."  Dean sits back, amazed.  Fucking
Joe's expression dissolves into worry.  "Dean, come on--"
Dean cocks his head. "He didn't get into college so he went on a road trip and wrote a pre-Myspace poem about it? Two thousand and something years ago?"
"You can't--"
He stiffens, the memories of this evening forever and always as vivid as the moment they happened, then forces himself to relax again.  He supposes in fairness he can't blame her for enjoying that, but he doesn't feel particularly fair at the moment.  "I'm glad I was able to contribute to your enjoyment of the evening."
"He was a bad husband, but his name, at least, has some worth," she answers, a thread of relief in her voice.  "The widow of Scipio Aemilianus Africanus Minor, consular, censor, and general as well as adopted grandson of Africanus, isn't to be despised.  The fact she'll see the Catones Salonianii when she's seen no one else will assure the Catones Licinianii will burn down Rome itself if it assures she'll see them as well; they'll pay the price she asks for the favor without question.  Very well done."
Vera watches him, not even pretending to be casual about it, pulling back halfway through and waiting for him to nod before giving him the rest.  Another surprise: he's still wiped by the time he's done, but not as much, and he's getting closer to normal drinking sizes.
"Not much," he says, making himself look at the still-ugly red-raw ropes of scar tissue extending from two inches below his elbow to an inch above the Croat bite; at this rate, his entire right arm's gonna be unrecognizable.  "Vera said it could come back or not, which, useful to know.  That nursing degree of hers really paid off."
"Dean liked groups of three to five; it was more practical," Cas answers, relaxing at the shift to the practical side.  "It wasn't arbitrary, however.  Hunters are suicidal by nature--"
"I apologize for being late," Cas says immediately, which may or may not be evidence for the 'Dean is a dystopian housewife' scenario, and wonders who's been instructing him in fifties human relationship habits; fuck the Lifetime Channel backward. "I was working on something.  Did you already eat?"
"You mean from Dean?"
) and between times might nail someone against a goddamn cabin wall in view of the camp (who were outside and also maybe invisible) is more enthusiastic about his laptop and giving extensive hand massages than….
?  How the hell would they be able to get all over the state--" Dean shuts his mouth.  "One of those demons recruited someone else--a lot of someone elses--to finish the job?  Since the people who were planning--
"You're up early," she says with a smile, pausing uncertainly where the chair isn't and looking immediately to where the chair is today; in front of the window with a terrible view of bare ground with scrubby accent grass and in the near distance, the cabin of Dean Winchester's torture shenanigans.  "So--"
"Wonder where she got that from," Dean mutters, and a pale Alison exchanges a smirk with Dean, for neither of them have any sense of self-preservation whatsoever.  Then Dean stills, gritting his teeth as Sudha's grip on his arm becomes an order of magnitude tighter.
"You ready?" Dean breathes, water climbing up to his hips and not stopping there as the waves grow, a surfer's dream in blue-green masses flickering with light so bright it could illuminate the whole goddamn world.  Who could be afraid of that?  He wouldn't even know where to start.
"About four years ago, I was with Dean under a log in the middle of a West Virginia field avoiding a rain of blood and toads--and what seemed to be the entirety of the FBI, CIA, DEA, two other acronyms I can't bother myself to remember, and a truly excessive number of bloodhounds-- and Dean was engaged in hysterics because I sat on a toad.  It was grotesque, and the sound interrupted my calculations on how much blood was being used and where on earth Lucifer was getting it."
Closing the door on a relieved-looking Chuck, he leans back against it and crosses his arms, smiling at Sidney, pleased to see him stiffen further.  "I prefer to stand."
Abruptly, a hand closes tightly over his arm just as Dean's shoulder presses against his, green eyes taking in the people around them with an unreadable expression.
"Thank you," she says graciously.  "Publius, you will stay to dinner, of course?"
"They wouldn't have survived it," he adds in the spirit of getting it out there.  "If it'd been real.  On earth, anyway."  In the Pit, he'd just have been getting started.  "It was me.  Not the geas--it was
"Yeah," Dean agrees, rolling his eyes at Joe's sloppy salute on his way out of the door.  "So I gotta pick interrogators."
"You don't hate me anymore?"  It's pretty much all he's got.
"At least she'd make it fast," Cas says darkly.  Dean thought Mark was overreacting, but slitting his eyes open, he reconsiders the entire 'fighting Mark on the training field' thing as a reason for imminent homicide; Christ, his bruises have bruises.  Cas picks up his right hand, looking at the bloodied knuckles with an unreadable expression before his eyes dart to his left, like he's not sure what he's looking at but maybe someone should die for it.  "You were fighting on the training field--"
"You may sit down now," Cas tells him after helping him into the wash-soft sweatpants, and after a long moment, Dean's brain catches up enough to remember what that is, dropping onto the edge of the bed like a sack of potatoes.
Seeing that he has Castiel's attention, he makes a production of checking his still non-functional watch.  "You got five more minutes, by the way.  We got paint to watch drying next: can't wait."
"You'll find out by doing it," Dean answers bluntly.  "Just like I did."
"So how many people are logged as of three o'clock?" Cas asks.
"Cas works well off a script," Chuck agrees.  "They were stupid and started to believe it.  Funny thing, though--they actually picked the worst possible time to try.  Clean, sober, dealing with Vera, a class of students--"
thorough.  Good to know.
were you two doing out there?  Did she do this? Why?"
"Silence, Spado; your whining is boring.  Fido goes into heat soon, and you don’t want to disappoint her, do you?  I would not be pleased." It's horror is overwhelming, emanating in soothing waves through the Tower.  "While we wait, you should show your Master how well you can perform and your pleasure in pleasing me. It's the only thing you want to do, after all."  He snaps his fingers.  "You may begin."
"Two of the towns brought their meat still on the hoof or squacking," Mark says, leaning forward from his seat on Dean's other side.  "They still got people working on--"
"I've just been very thoroughly schooled by a man whose been dead for over two millennia," he answers honestly.  "I need a moment to regain my perspective."
"It was my job," Dean says desperately. "Monsters, I kill them or get rid of them.  The place doesn't matter; the people do."
"That's why Haruhi needed the paint," Dean says, enlightened. "I really want to see the pics, by the way."
Everyone's waiting when he finally comes out, grimly prepared for a small war and making Dean somehow still feel underdressed while carrying more weapons at once than he ever has in his life.  Standing on the edge of the porch, he does a quick count and comes up with about half the population, ignoring the sudden silence, and thinks (hopes) that he'll get used to being the center of attention.  Not like he's got much of a choice.
"I think he added orange juice," Amanda says, peering into the cup.  "I mean, I think one of these tasted like oranges."
Measuring the distance between them at a glance, he keeps his hands resting on his knees, watching the sneer split into a yellow-toothed grin, and the brown eyes flickering briefly to black.
The girl looks more frightened, but Cornelia barely keeps her severe expression, mouth twitching, and Publius grins outright.
From Amanda's other side, Joseph sighs. "Always wanted to babysit."
"Huh." She cocks her head.  "First time Dean's been gone for the night, am I right?  Since you two….you know."  He nods uncertainly, not sure of the relevance.  "You get used to them being around.  When they're not, it can be--" She makes an incomprehensible gesture.  "Weird.  Like something's missing."
Numb, he guesses he may owe his predecessor an apology; that wasn't nearly as hard as he thought it'd be.  Should have been.
"Now that
Like turning up the volume on the radio, the screaming starts, and it takes Dean a second to work out where it's coming from:
"Before Dean talked to him," he answers.  "Figured at first Dean said something that spooked him and he was fucking with us in revenge.  Now, not so much."
"It's not…." Something should go after that; what that is, he has no idea.
Dean would love to stick with that, but on a guess, that will inevitably end--somehow--with Joe asking Cas about it, Cas denying it, and fuck his life.  "No, don't ask, I'm not gonna tell, and that's for later, anyway.  I haven't talked to Cas about it yet."
It's gonna take time, he reminds himself bitterly, rubbing his eyes before looking at the living room ceiling and letting himself, just for a second, resent how little control he has over anything right now, even his own goddamn body.  He's finding it dangerously easy to understand why Cas hates human bodies; this shit is ridiculous.
Dean frowns, wiping his nose.  "PTSD?"
"There's nothing else today."  Getting to his feet, he ignores the flash of Dean's grin as he takes out his keys.  "You realize you're being a cocktease and that's extremely annoying?"
"You shouldn't have to."
He would lie--happily, with a clear conscience and without regret--but fortunately, he doesn't need to.  "No."  Reaching down, he thrusts a hand into the pocket of his sweatpants and finds it at the bottom in an unexpected crease.  Removing the pill, he places it in Dean's surprised hand.  "Alprazolam, point five milligrams," he answers sourly.  "During those times one's drug use isn't as it should always be, recreational.  Vera prescribed it."
She looks away.  "Teresa. That's where this is going, right?  You think I’m being selfish, not thinking about her--"
"You think?"  Dean turns his attention back to Amanda. "Update Vera and Joe on what they needs to know after we're done; they're gonna be Chitaqua's official liaisons to Ichabod and the Alliance for the rest of whatever this is."
"He's right," Joe says from behind them.  "There are going to be enough rumors going around about tonight; adding panic to the mix isn't going to help."
It doesn't; Cas breaks from sucking a kiss into his shoulder with a gasp, picking up speed, and Dean's right there with him; a twist of Cas's hand, a breath, and Dean's coming hard enough to see spots dance in front of his eyes like solar flares.  Cas isn't far behind him, either, or so he assumes; a few thrusts that drag out the aftershocks, and Cas stills; the flood of liquid warmth between his legs is worth another shock all by itself.
"They came to her. Visitors," Dean says, stopping short.  "I thought--Vera said she refused to see them."
"Well?"  If his voice cracks, whatever.
"Fine," she says with a shrug. "Haven't slept that well in years."  Her eyes dart around the room briefly before focusing on Dean again.  "Look, you and Cas have a minute?  Patient confidentiality and everything."
"I apologize," she lies.  "Forgot: because Croat, that makes it okay.  So that's it? Mission first, last, and always?"
"Right," Dean says, voice startling loud in the lifeless silence.  "Left or right?"
"Hey," he starts. "I gotta--"
"A little, yeah."  Dean cocks his head.  "Even without Grace you can still tell?"
"I don't know if it was an accident," she says abruptly.  "In the weirdest of all possible worlds, it might--might have happened like they told me."
"Chitaqua toast."
"Turn the page," Castiel says helpfully.  "Inventory and supplies, continued."
"Like, how do you hate someone just for being themselves?" she continues resentfully.  "And being hot the whole time, that's bullshit.  And James--God, I hated him. He'd make terrible jokes, but everyone thought he was hysterical--why?  He always laughed before he could finish the punchline!"
"Parking," he says, and Alicia nods.  "Only a human would set out a strategic master plan for getting people across the state away from home with logistics that include a plus thirty-mile traffic jam that was at least partially deliberate, including--on a guess--the parking lot disasters, which were definitely deliberate."
"On it," Joe answers with a sloppy salute, and Dean goes to the right of the stairs and turns left into a tunnel-like archway that opens up into a series of three large, interconnecting rooms all in exactly the same shade of beige like--oh, maybe--it's just one room and he's trapped in a loop forever, or at least until he gets into the last room, which just proves his entire point.
(They're almost to the doorway and the doorway almost isn't here at all.)
He can do that.  "Be right back."
"Strangely enough, I'd prefer you meant it."
was tiring--they exhausted an
"There's always a risk," Cas says dryly.  "In this case, however, Alicia would have to lose her mind, and insanity invalidates any attempt at contract.  It's understandable after what Alicia told you that you're sympathetic--"
Dean cocks his head, nodding.  "Set the floor on fire while learning how to cook?"  He blinks, startled, and Dean grins.  "Bobby had gas burners, too.  The first few times I saw you cooking here, you kept them low and watched them like you expected them to attack you if you looked away.  You still do."
"Yes, and before you ask, no, there's no alcohol in the daycare, I checked." He doesn't sigh on his way to the pot, filling both their cups with truly excellent coffee from the most sublime coffee maker he's ever seen.  It must hold at least twenty cups, and despite the period of time since the coffee was probably made, the flavor doesn't seem to have become stale at all.  Surely James can find them one; he's very good at that.
"So, special occasion?"  He waits patiently for Cas to take another drag--priorities, right--before Cas tips his head back on the pillow to consider the question like Dean asked him something unbelievably complicated, or--he's watching smoke trails, right.  "Cas?"
Cas's Greek Alpaca Island Adventure is looking less crazy; apparently, alpaca really is (was?) an industry you wanted to get in on the ground floor of.  Though Alison was horrified at the idea of using them for food; like some of the herds of sheep and one of Ichabod's actual warrens of rabbits, the alpaca are spoiled rotten because they have awesome fur (wool?) that can be turned into clothes by some mysterious means involving yarn and looms.  Thanks to the Alliance, they have the resources for investing time and labor in animals for more than their value roasted, baked, or fried.
Dean was right and wrong; it's been over two and a half years since he Fell, but those first miserable months were always yesterday, as if time itself were trapped in amber.  That changed, however, that night in Kansas City when he didn't die, the world didn't end, and he met the man who would tell him he should try living life instead of simply marking time until the end.  He thinks perhaps he should tell Dean that night in Kansas City might very well be when he did.
Vera closes her eyes, shoulders slumping in visible relief.  "Okay.  Anything else?"
"Sorry, I--" She sits back, staring at her hands as if she's never seen them before. "I shouldn't have said that.  I'm sorry, that's really not my business."
"Thanks," James says gratefully.
"Get an axe," Cornelia says calmly, and like magic, Cardixa relaxes while two men behind her go running.  "Where is Claudia?"
--" Joe starts incredulously.
"Except me."  He doesn't realize he's gotten to his feet until Amieyl's grip on his arm jerks him to a stop halfway to the church.  "I gotta--"
Well, now he could, which is probably not what Cas wants to hear.
Dean's frown deepens.  "Cas?"
"I had no idea it would even work."  The smile widens at Dean's expression.  "The wards are based on Bobby's design for the southern camps.  It wasn't ideal--we didn't possess some of the necessary components, nor do I have his skill--but with some alterations, it was possible, even if they wouldn't have been as strong or as thorough as the other camps possessed.  Before I Fell, I--stored, for lack of a better word--my remaining Grace within the framework of sigils for the wards, but didn't have time to do anything else before the Host summoned me.  When I returned and had the leisure to check, it was still safely contained, which meant I had more options than I would have had otherwise.
; Sam just ran off to college: evidence suggests that if Cas had run off, it'd been to Oklahoma or Waco or something to start a freaky sex cult fueled by mescaline and pseudo-adolescent rage against the man.  It's not like entire thing about driving is subtle, above and beyond Cas's completely unsurprising lead foot when given highway and a means to drive it.  He has previous-Dean-shaped demons of long drives past to dispel and fantasies of the German autobahn to aspire to.  Not a problem, though he's waiting for Cas to finally snap and just shout he gets a hard-on for triple digit speeds.
"You and Teresa--" He just catches himself, wondering what the hell he's saying.  She gives him a querying look over her cup, and he tries desperately to think of something else to add to that.  "Did it bother you--when you found out?  What she was?"
"Explains why Zoe always looked cranky in the mornings when she left," he adds thoughtfully.  "Ammunition, right?  You know, this--"
"It's a greeting from a substandard Hallmark card--albeit a highly experimental line that you'd only send to people in the hope they'd hang themselves in response--with less emotionally complexity than 'Get Well Soon'," he retorts. "Gaze on a single grain of sand and then presume you now know the nature of the cosmos: your ignorance would be appalling but still less than that of the Host, who never bothered to so much as
--because unlike you, I paid attention to Gabriel's interpretation of the four food groups, and I'm gonna bet that kind of thing runs in the family."  Meeting Castiel's eyes, he says with no attempt to pretend it's not an order, "Open your mouth and eat the fucking brownie, Cas."
Castiel nods, keeping them in his rearview mirror, and isn't sure he breathes until they're outside and the gate is closed, all salt lines fixed.
"You were a few months past your twenty-third birthday."
"Just need some privacy," she says mockingly.  "I thought you might prefer it."
"They can't," Dean interrupts, and Crowley fights back a shiver at the flat green eyes that meet his. "He's mine."
"Yeah," Chuck whispers, the energy draining out of him.  "That's what I thought.  Not like it matters now, right?  How long you gonna keep this up?  I mean, don't get me wrong, I appreciate you faking your interest in everyone's survival and everything, but I'm guessing the minute you find a way to get him back to wherever he's from, you're checking out again, so some warning would be appreciated when that happens."
"Yes, you should have, but this isn't the time to discuss it," Cas answers.  "If you want to attempt this, we must begin preparations immediately."
On the other hand, Dean woke up (after, let's say it again, one of the
"If she was successful in summoning something--and survived it--that will always be a possibility," Sappho answers. "Who would not if they had some purpose that could fulfill?  However, that is not what concerns me.  When I told you my mother wrecked ships, you did not believe it; you did not think it was possible.  When I told you of the demon, however--"
"You're--" --afraid, no, he's not that stupid; uncertain, too vague; worried, if he wants to be pinned to the bed and maybe he shouldn't follow that train of thought; uncomfortable, yes that would be both of them-- "--apprehensive."
.  Not that Dean has any bitter memories from ten to fourteen high schools or anything.  He's over it.  He's grown beyond that bullshit.)
Christ.  "Impress me."
As if from a distance, he feels Dean's hand on his shoulder, fingers reassuringly tight.  "Keep going."
"He's doing a good job," Alicia says thoughtfully, and Dean realizes once again he's in a room with the smartest person he's ever met. "Or something's holding him back.  Question is, what?"
"Hey," she says, scanning him in a glance and mouth tightening; looking between her and Cas, Dean fights down another grin at the identical expressions of suppressed worry and annoyance, noting her hand twitching like maybe she wants to check his temperature, too.  "Dean--"
"Haven't seen you much recently," Dean says brightly.  "Wanna catch up, see how you're doing. Wanna do breakfast?"
"Did you enjoy yourself?" Cas asks, and it's not tentative, exactly, but something like that.  It takes a second, but then he remembers when Cas took him to Kansas City.
Crowley raises an eyebrow, and Dean's never hated that smile more.  "Dean Winchester," he purrs.  "So nice to see you."
"It's almost like you were there."
The distraction of the other people assures no excess attention is paid to him as he makes his way to the trestle tables and surveys the variety on offer.  Most, he suspects from newly-acquired expertise in food preparation as well as observation of the mess, are items that can either be prepared swiftly and easily or that the residents generally keep on hand in sufficient quantities for consumption over several days. Both leavened and unleavened breads abound--brown wheat, challah, sourdough, even a dark rye, and a wide variety of flatbreads that include naan, paratha, chapatti, bazlama, pita, tortillas, and to his surprise, cornbread (he hasn't seen that since he lived south of the Mason-Dixon).  Beside them is a selection of jams and jellies, chutneys, various yogurts, cottage cheese (he thinks), and butter as well three slightly battered but fully functional toasters.  Several large bowls contain dried fruit, nuts, and sliced vegetables both raw and cooked in various combinations, and exploration of the various pots reveals oatmeal, rice, a vegetable curry, an intriguing green pepper, onion and potato mixture, and several types of beans.
He thinks how to put this.  "To become mortal--much like becoming a god--requires a leap of faith.  Your burnt offering is everything, leaving nothing behind; only then can you become something else."  Like the rack, he thinks but doesn't say, in intent if not in practicalities, and once again, he's unwillingly reminded of the other Castiel, who burned away his own divinity in exchange for godhead.
Sidney licks his lips, peering at Dean's set expression before taking a deep breath.  "I understand."
"I didn't think you meant literally!"
Apparently, Dean didn't either, if he noticed his return.  "Not really."  For some reason, he can't seem to keep his hand steady; the fresh bruise rising up on his forearm isn't helping, and it's an effort not to rub it.  "The patrol should be here in a few minutes.  I have--"
"He's a very good fighter," Castiel says neutrally, "but he wasn't a team leader before now.  He also lacks initiative."
"It can't all be recreational," she tells him with mock-sympathy.  "Sometimes, they also have therapeutic use.  Sit down, and if it helps, there's a reason I asked for these from Dolores."
"Anyi," he says in surprise, easily able to discern the location of her weapons concealed under her coat by the way she moves.  "Patrol lead."
Castiel jerks around, surprised by the rueful expression on Dean's face.
"Yes, sir," he says, and rights himself just before the point of no return, much to Dean's secret regret.
.  He has to--do something to get Sam back.  All at once, it dawns on him:
.  Not like it was hard to find me and get it."
Cas drags out the silence--he may not understand the concept of 'awkward', but he sure as fuck knows how to get a situation there, no sweat--before nodding earnestly. "I do know that," he says, each word carefully crafted to combine 'puzzled bewilderment' with 'stating the obvious' in a way that he must have practiced on a Dean past; it works.  "However, I appreciate your attempt to reassure me on that point."
"No, I don't," Dean retorts, glaring at the darkening horizon.  "Just you.  If you don't believe in yourself, believe
Cas doesn't answer, and Dean risks a glance to see he's simply waiting.
When he looks at his hand, he's holding that knife like he never stopped.
"I'd go to Hell itself and incite rebellion against him and have him dragged on his knees before me on my ascension to the throne of Hell to answer for his sins." He's thought about this, perhaps too much.  "However," and this is true, surprisingly enough, "I don't hate myself more than I hate him.  Or humanity, for that matter."
Dean jerks his head toward the chair in an invitation just short of an order.  Uncertain, Castiel gingerly seats himself, and as Dean fixes him with that relentless green gaze, he feels a flicker of unwilling sympathy for Sidney being the focus of that.
Castiel tilts his head, regarding Hans thoughtfully. "I have an idea about that."
"That your mother gave you at your birth," Cornelia clarifies, adopting the girl's dialect effortlessly.  "And your age, if you know it."
"The garage sale only had those five."
"Does anyone else know?"
"Depends on if you believe the radio these days."
"Besides spying for you?"
"Lucifer did that."  Before Castiel can respond to the obvious, Dean's fingers close over his chin, jerking his head up.  "Jesus.  Where's your first aid kit?"
Gaius' eyes soften.  "You know my mother?"  The second man nods shortly. "Why are you truly here, Messenger?"
Dean freezes mid-nod.  "What?"
"Psychic powers are electricity?" Alison asks blankly, and yes, that.  Human curiosity can be very inconvenient.
He wouldn't usually mind, but in this case, the expression on Vera's face when she sees him gives him the impression that he may be the reason that she's pissed. He starts to acknowledge the greeting and unfortunately forgets why he's standing really still, a sharp slice of pain cutting from instep to groin in vivid reminder.  And he can hide a lot of things, but he can feel the color drain from his face even as he catches his balance and that he can't hide.
, wide and deep, meant for a nobleman's home to accommodate dozens of visitors to admire the view, does give them a much better look at what's going on.  Looking down, Dean sees the crowd filling the massive open space where Rome's men did their public business.  Across from them, a man in a white toga and tunic with the broad purple stripe of a senator stands on the rostra outside the
"The last couple of days, no one who's come in was in any condition to notice anything," Alicia confirms bleakly.
"You got lucky in fights," Dean finishes for him, thinking about Cas's lesson on probability and beings on the mortal plane.  "There were restrictions; did you notice that part or just figure demons made contracts because they're
Biting back whatever was about to come out of his mouth, he realizes in horror that unless he's paying very careful attention every time he sits down--and the
"It was never going to pass," she says, echoing Cornelia's amusement.  "She was just making a point."
Someone, Dean thinks, isn't happy with the current situation, and that someone is wearing a miniature armory and looks like he knows how to use it. Despite himself, he moves to hover in the kitchen doorway, watching Sidney until he finally gets back to making the floor the object of his discontent. Sure, Cas is a dick, but Sidney gets no points for acting like doing his goddamn job is a waste of his time, and looking like that at anyone who's technically on his side isn't cool by any stretch of the imagination.
"Tell me about grief again," Cas demands, voice cracking.  "Tell me how he could die years ago and only now do I feel his absence?  I didn't know him, so tell me why--why now--of all times--why all I could think of is how badly I want my brother and wish for his return?" He sucks in a breath, looking at nothing.  "In the church….  She died two years ago, but I hadn't seen her in millennia.  I knew she was dead with the other gods, I've known for years, but why is it now--I want to remember what happened in the church, if I said goodbye to her, as I couldn't with him.  Time heals nothing, you said, but you didn't tell me it could be years before I even felt the wound. How is that fair?"
If anything, Joe looks even more wary.  "What are you gonna do?"
When they're gone, Cas goes to the door and waits, staring at Dean until he realizes, hey, that includes him, too.  "Hostile encounter?"
Dean's eyes narrow.
Crouching beside him, Dean's hand comes to rest on his shoulder, squeezing.  "Won't be long now," he says enigmatically, then reaches for Alicia's chin with his other hand.  "You okay?  Name, location, and last answer I'll tell you; end of the world. Cas won't ask, but it makes him feel better if you say it all, no idea why."
"She must have been tired," Cas says in amusement. "Or in a hurry, since I assume that was during your adventures outside the walls." Dean rubs a slow circle against the side of Cas's knee.  "What a student can do
"Essentially, yes."
Before their fascinated eyes, Cas cuts a quarter of the slice--holy shit, that is not bite size by any stretch of the imagination--and inserts his knife into the center of it and eating it off the blade before the pumpkin can slide off, since pumpkin just isn't firm enough to do that.  Chewing complacently--without choking, even--he swallows before saying, "In general, the impression we want to give is of competence as well as not being soulless monsters murdering all those who oppose us. Visibly working under Manuel's command and with his teams will demonstrate we're trustworthy, and will supplement our efforts to appear amiable and approachable in the more social atmosphere of the celebration.  Which reminds me: everyone will need to be reminded to use protection and each jeep's condom supply supplemented."
Dean winces.  "So adding 'totally crazy chick who thinks she can see the future' was probably a bad idea."
To his credit, Cas almost looks uncomfortable.  "Yes, I noticed that.  I assume that means they're still making regular payments to our contact in the FBI."
"Dean?" Teresa prompts, and glancing at her, he takes in the dark circles under her eyes.  Dropping his gaze to the wall, where even from here he can see the too-thin fingers are starting to tremble, he wonders just how much of a strain the wards have been on her, especially with the Croats two days ago.  She's still not tapping the earth, but all that means is that it's all coming from her.
"No--actually, yeah, a little," he answers, frowning at it before nodding firmly, and Castiel takes out the bottle of oil from the kit, taking his hand and feeling out the places the muscles always grow too-tight by instinct.  "Okay, about this glove thing--"
Melanie concedes the point, rifle falling into her hands and expression darkening as she turns to face the oncoming Croats.  "Cas?"
a good smite if he felt inspired enough.  "When?  This afternoon?"
"You could help with bagging the hazardous material," Castiel tells his rigid back before Dean can think of something to say that would not in any way be appropriate for the room of a woman in labor.  Gently, he pushes on his back to get him moving as Vera goes to the tray; he should be there to bring it to her, he remembers, and pushes Dean harder until they're both inside the door.
, if we hadn't waited....
--mumbles wordlessly into the pages of the book, smacking his lips before sinking back into sleep with a wet sigh; he was in Kansas City for three nights, unarmed and alone, in the same place that one Dean Winchester already died and Lucifer would choose to begin the dawn of his reign.
"I get that," Dean answers patiently.  "But why would they give it to her?"
"Hey, Amanda told me last night," he says, suddenly feeling awkward, because she's not even
.  I need recent events that aren't fiction.  I have hippo porn for that."
"Sempronia does well?" Publius asks, wearing the white tunic with the thin purple border of a knight and the whitened toga of citizenship, grey hair barbered short, every inch a member of Rome's First Class.
That part's fucking awesome; Granddad Licinius just kicked the ass of one of his sons-in-law while ten ancient (seriously ancient, like almost mummies) senators scream encouragement and hit anyone who comes near them with their walking sticks that look suspiciously like branches they picked up on the walk to the Senate this morning.  Some still have
"I tell them I had an enjoyable time and…" Cas's expression is like a novel.  A novel in Enochian, granted, but Dean's working Cas to English is getting better every day.  Cas doesn't just not want to talk about this; this is a not-talking hill he's willing to die on.  "I haven't, let's leave it at that."
"You may not have a choice--"
"He doesn't have Grace anymore, not in him," Chuck says, like that's even the point.  "But I think--I think even in the wards, it still knows him.  It's his, just--in there."
"Thanks."  Setting the rifle down, Dean begins to sort through them with professional curiosity, and Castiel notes the ones he lingers on, marking which he finds unfamiliar.  "So where am I putting them when we get back? Not like you have space."
"Yeah."  She searches his face.  "Do you think we can win?"
"Good to know," she says with a flicker of irony. "But at the time, you might say I had trust issues.  I couldn't even get a restraining order; you don't get those just because you're clumsy and have no sense of balance and fall down the stairs when your husband had a bad day, was tired, was drinking, unexpectedly lost his temper, and I...not sure, but I did do something, what, who can tell?  My parents didn't understand why I'd lie about such a great guy from such a nice family, relationships have their ups and downs, and marriage is commitment you don't just quit at the first little snag, grow up, and maybe if you'd just have a baby that would help--" She sucks in a breath, settling inside herself again.  "Dad threw a plate, once, and Mom told me how he brought her flowers and it was fine: totally comparable, see what I mean?  My friends.…" She wrinkles her nose.  "Didn't have a lot of those. Most were married to other partners, and he was sleeping with at least two of them."
"Done with what? Wait," he adds hastily, thinking of the way she and Cas looked at those demons.  "Never mind, I can guess.  What happens when she's done?"
"I'd like you to consider taking up your apprenticeship under me."
Alistair lowers his hand.  "Get out," he says to the others, focusing on her.  "Let's talk, sweetheart."
: Publius Cornelius Artabanus."  The cart comes to an abrupt stop, and her expression changes, color draining away.  "I'll only be a moment," she says quietly.  "Please await me here.  I want to see how the temple is progressing; it should be complete very soon."
"The reason for your promise--it really doesn't exist anymore," she answers. "I'm not convinced it was the right choice then, but no one else was either, and at the time…."
"What about at Alpha or the other camps?" she asks, scanning the area around them.  "First hunter boot camp full of traumatized people: that's what humans call party time."
"Thank you."
"Yeah."  Dean looks as if he wants to add something to that, then blinks, glancing up just as Castiel feels wetness on his face.  Following Dean's gaze, he surveys the churning grey sky in surprise; he didn't realize it was noticeably darker than it was when they first came out.  As if it was waiting for their attention, a flash of lightning cuts across the sky, thunder following only seconds behind.  "Come on," Dean says, hand resting on his left shoulder to urge him faster.  "Looks like we're finally getting some rain.  Should have cut this short earlier; you shoulder's been bothering you the last fifteen minutes.  I should have reminded you to take something before we left."
"Tinder," Dean breathes.  "Meet flint."
"Hot girlfriend, awesome apartment, bright future?" Alicia asks in the voice of depressed personal experience.  "'Look upon all the ways my life is awesome while I count them for you?  Can you count that high?'"
"I was going to, but Amanda said you two were busy doing important leader things in the nearest alley," Mark answers, smirking at them both.  "Didn't want to interrupt.  No matter what she offered if I would." He shakes his head as Dean's expression turns speculative. "Dean, whatever you're thinking, no.  She's my commander!"
"Jealousy?  Because the camp doctor sees me without my shirt?"
Before Dean regains his balance, Castiel pins his hips and twists his arm up and behind his back, ignoring the grunt of pain.  Even relatively immobilized, Dean continues to struggle for several long seconds before Castiel feels him go still.
"Survival," he corrects him.  "Considering our mission, it's also generally a valid concern.  Which brings me to my second point; this is a militia of
, per contract, and now they're free to do whatever the fuck they want.
"And you came to the infected zone."
"Alicia," Dean corrects him.  "You called me down here to tell me three year old news?  Really?"
Alicia ducks her head.  "Erica--"
"Cas, right at this moment, that is the single most important thing you've ever said," Dean interrupts, wiping his hand with a napkin.  "Why--"
"Cas--"
"If Lucifer couldn't read my mind, then they couldn't either," he answers.  "And certainly not like this; they wouldn't even  know how."
The wave slams over the Misborn in drowning orange flames, pouring greedily down each of their screaming mouths and bursting out of their skeletal bellies, crumbling bone to grey ash.  More waves follow, battering their dissolving forms until they vanish beneath the water entirely.
Holding open the door, she looks back and nods.  "Okay."
"I'll get her suited up," she says, tilting her head at Callisto before starting toward the row of offices behind the stairs.  "I'll show you what we have, and you tell me what you know how to use."
"Nothing like a nun with a gun to get your attention," Dean agrees, fingers sliding restlessly the length of the strap of his rifle, fingertips brushing the holster of the gun at his hip.  "If we'd known about them, we could have--" He stops short, a fleeting expression of surprise crossing his face.  "I mean you--
"Mother and child both, and Claudia Pulchera as well.  It might be safer," he says deliberately. "For you."
"You needn't worry," Cas says reassuringly, stopping and turning to face him, like the fact this conversation exists isn't the fucking
"You were upset," Cas explains, and Dean's eyes widen at how that is just--no. "Or as Matt put it, homicidal."
"God, I miss shitty diner food," drifts from the kitchen in the despairing voice of one surveying a nuclear holocaust in progress.  The sound of the pantry door closing--gently, Dean's pain is too deep for violence--is followed by the slow, dragging footsteps of a miscreant whose journey ends with a hangman's noose, or in this case, a miserable slump in the far corner of the couch in a blue t-shirt and mismatched socks, which Castiel has to work very hard to ignore.
"Dean--"
Jeffrey licks his lips wetly, and Castiel can see the barrel begin to tremble.  "You're lucky I'm here with instructions to talk first."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sappho glares between them.  "That is not--according to this--a rhetorical question, for it advances no argument nor makes a point obvious to one and all, and also does indeed require an answer."  Almost immediately, she closes her eyes, and Cornelia bites her lip. "
"You...
"I think," Cas says after a perfectly timed pause, "that this hand is mine."
"Is that grass?" his companion asks.
"Alison?"
"Tell me your name," Cas says, voice low and rough, and Dean tries and fails to suppress the thought he could listen to Cas sound like that all goddamn day.  Slowly, Cas removes his hand, though it hovers in his line of sight, like he thinks Dean still needs the warning.  "Only your name, nothing else."
," Vera continues hotly. "He's doing work--voluntarily--pretends to be interested when people talk to him, and almost never tells anyone to fuck themselves without at least minimal provocation, which is saying something.  I say this with affection, but Cas believes celibacy should be considered a mortal sin and grows his own drugs, which by the way he
"Where everyone else in the world is," Joe snaps, fingers digging into his arm warningly, and Dean figures crazy people and goes along with it, going through the endless stupid alcove and out into--wow, street's kind of crowded.  And--
"Erica, Terry, Luke, Stanley, Darryl, Heath--"
"From what I've observed, you had both on an accelerated schedule consummate with their age and abilities," he answers.  "Unlike younger apprentices, they were mature enough to understand the importance of their progress.  I don't doubt the quality of the education you provided, and they are certainly within the ideal age range: Sudha is thirty-five and Neeraja thirty-seven."
She nods slowly.  "Yes, sir."
Dean laughs breathlessly. "You're so good at it you don't even have to anymore.  How the fuck long does it take to learn to do that?  Can you even tell the difference?"
"Maybe I didn't fight too hard," Erica agrees, taking a step toward Alicia, red skirt flaring around her bare legs.  "Micah was doing extra time on sewer duty for pissing off Stan, so we had the whole night.  Remember?"
Dean visibly counts to ten before he gets up, grabbing the bottle and shoving it into his hand.  Being silently judged by Dean Winchester is at least familiar when at this moment, nothing else is.  Finishing it takes only a moment; surely there's more here somewhere.
"Two months."
?" he shouts, utterly unnerved by Cas's smirk, like it's all he can do to control his pre-death hilarity.  "I don't know what I'm doing!"
Dean sucks in a breath.  "I...."
Cas shrugs.  "As you wish."
."  All times may be coming eventually--linear time should make that impossible, but what he's doing is also impossible, so there is that.
"I apologize for misleading you; their regret when caught is quite sincere," Cas assures him.  "They are also startlingly adept at finding the list of buyers that their former employees sold to--apparently, when one illegally sells oil on the black market, it's necessary to thoroughly document who it was sold to, when, quantity, and how much they paid and leave it somewhere extremely easy to find--and are always willing to cooperate with authorities in any way they can."
"I think I should--"
"Thanks, Cas. It's been great for me, too."  He crosses his arms, careful of the IV line, feeling annoyed with his own exhaustion just from sitting up and swallowing on command.  "I can't believe a brownie bite does this."
"So that's what they were doing," Castiel says in interest. "I'm calling those idiots back; in this case, their incompetence isn't the reason for their failure."
This isn't an active ward, or at least, not one that requires a lot of regular maintenance, okay.  From what he can tell, someone who knew what they were doing had pulled elements from a lot of different places and shoved them together, though how the hell they're joined is pretty much a guess.  Setup alone would have taken weeks, maybe even months depending on how many people worked on it.  He's familiar enough with Bobby's work to recognize him in the design, though, and on a guess, his consultant was a certain former angel with the entire history of time in his head and zero inhibitions using what he knew.  Following the pattern, he finally finds the most painfully complicated mix of symbols he's ever seen in his life, the beginning and ending of the entire goddamn structure tied together into a single key, and every line of it is coated with a layer of fresh blood.
"Even if you offered to end the Apocalypse and crawl back into your cage in Hell," Castiel answers breathlessly.  "To know you want it would be reason enough to say no."
"You can tell me later," he says impatiently.  "Dolores needs to check your leg--"
Sitting back on his heels, Dean checks it again, then glances at Castiel, and he suddenly remembers lounging on the couch in his cabin, an empty line of shots on the floor and a joint in his hand, with Dean standing before him.  He watched Dean strip off his shirts before taking Castiel's joint and replacing it with a marker; his protest ended when Dean knelt before him, and he drew the six sigils for the first time on the bare expanse of his arm.
"I would like you to remember I have yet to attempt to seduce you." More than anything at this moment, he wishes he could see the expression on Dean's face.  "So there should be no misinterpretation of what I'm about to tell you:
Dragged to his knees, he stares up at them in horror as one of the men stabs him in the heart, waits for him to die, then takes out a handful of sticks and places it on his chest.  "For remembrance," the man says in Publius' voice.
Cas's mouth twitches reluctantly. "Thank you, but you might say that's their work.  Now please
He nods slowly; Dean does look strangely uncomfortable.  "Sid."
done before, and it was risky before."
"Uh huh."
"She takes nothing personally," Joseph confirms through a mouthful of stew, swallowing hastily.  "It's very 'I understand you have feelings and you should express them but let me explain again how you're wrong really reasonably when you're done expressing them, I don't hold it against you'.  She can do that. And
"Look at me."  The deceptively pleasant voice is enough to elicit instant obedience in the sane (and he is, on occasion).  Just as deceptive is the interested expression, head cocked curiously.  "Who told you that?"
He should be better, Amy told him, rare frustration coloring her voice; perhaps now, he should find out exactly what 'better' could be.
Castiel searches his face before drawing him back down into another kiss, relearning the shape of his mouth as he runs his thumb along the stretched elastic of his boxers and pushing up the ragged hem of his t-shirt, skimming his nails up Dean's back and feeling him arch.
"Which means there were times I wasn't." Dean sighs in resignation.  "What'd I say, Cas? Crossroad, Lucifer, Crowley, who?"
"I am," Joe says, like Dean asked if air exists (ie: yes).  "Unless you don't want me to, then I'll pretend I didn't.  Scout's honor."
.  Cas came out on the training field every night for a week to help me build my dance, the one that was all of them, first with wood, then with live steel.  Then I seduced him the last night because he was hot, I'd heard from many reliable sources it would be incredibly fun, and--I could do that now.  I could do anything or everything, whatever I wanted.  So that's what I did."  She looks at him ruefully.  "You probably won't believe this, but--by then, I'd forgotten all about Stephanie.  It wasn't that hard; we were nothing alike.  She was afraid all the time, and tired, and weak--"
Amanda looks at them in horror.  "Oh God," she says.  "
The smile wobbles, vanishing, Dean's face crumpling like paper.  "God, Cas--"
) have a point, and he might be (is) sulking about it.
"In our line of work, I don't keep anyone who can't," she answers, adjusting the strap.  "Salt line first, then start bagging; we know how to do it fast."
them.  The second class."  She peers up at him warily when he doesn't respond.  "You--aren't as horrified as I expected."
She nods blankly.
Cas doesn't answer; you can't get absolution when there's no one alive to give it.
Sheer horror holds Dean immobile; Cas just apologized for
"So I assume, but there's no way to find out who else signed even if I wanted to.  Need to know information only, and the only thing I need to know is my part."
"So, I'm gonna go watch Amanda," he says, stretching elaborately.  "My soldiers, duty, you know the drill--"
She nods shortly; that would be Alistair's favorite lieutenant, and yeah, she's still pissed about that, in case anyone was wondering.
Publius's eyebrows raise.  "How did a black dog find itself in the precincts of the priests?"
"Non-recreationally."
Dean's faint, reminiscing smile stops the caustic question on his presumed regret before it reaches his lips.
"Vera did great," Dean continues, setting down his fork with a sigh and leaning back against the pillows.  "Said she and Joe could handle the rest of the talking after I softened 'em up for them."
"She's not the only one here," Sean says, and Dean goes on full alert at the change in Sean's voice.  "Micah and his crew are on the next bus coming in.  Saw them myself."
She frowns in confusion.  "Yes, but not as often, and never when we are by," she answers.  "Castiel--"
(There shouting, screaming, definitely hugging, far more than he thinks there were people to do it, which explains the muddy handprints on his back but not the ones on his ass, which Dean didn't find at all amusing.  He supposes it's his lack of interest in food that makes the reaction of the camp such a surprise, though contemplating the MREs does increase his appreciation of canned green beans and tomato soup tremendously.  Though not Spam: nothing can do that.)
"You know," she says slowly, "I can
"Here," Dean says, scooting the bottle until it nudges against Joe's plate.  Looking like a man who just found God, Joe reaches for the bottle, then hesitates, looking at Dean suspiciously.  "For free. You can walk away."
"Shit."  Dean closes his eyes briefly, anger draining away.  "I forgot--that was only an hour ago here.  Are you…."
There's an arsenal in the jeep, he reminds himself, but he doesn't think that during that drive to Kansas City that it came up in conversation.
"Also, a cake, which she looked for after she woke up and was unhappy when she couldn't find it.  Yours were..." Well, none involved fucking the Master of the Pit in front of one of his Brothers, which he assumes Dean is grateful for and he is as well.  "Not like that." He looks at Dean in bewilderment.  "A
"Blackjack, perhaps," he answers, surprised by Dean's insight.  "The simpler the game, the fewer the factors involved, the better it works."
"That's what I'm asking," she says, so seriously that Dean wonders if maybe there
Vera frowns at him. "Wait, there were 'shadowy crevices' in there somewhere."
"All right," he says grudgingly, crossing his legs beneath the blankets.  "Catch me up on what I missed."
Castiel thinks of those meetings, trapped in a room with Dean, Risa, and at least three people who wanted to kill him at any given time (usually more): hatred and contempt, revulsion and barely checked disgust, but always fear above all things.  Fear is dangerous, he knows that, so if you plan to use it, you don't do it half-way.
"As if you're planning best how to destroy it and salt the earth on which it stood should it defy your will," he answers promptly, tugging Dean closer until he can feel the warm puff of Cas's breath against his lips.  "If you're finished plotting its untimely demise, your attention would be appreciated."
Cas's head tilts a little farther, blue eyes narrowing before he suddenly straightens.  "Don't move," he says, blissfully unaware Dean's joints have been onboard with that plan for a while now.  There's squirming, and Dean is abruptly tipping sideways into a short freefall before hitting something not as soft as a cushion but a hell of a lot warmer.  Another shift and Dean's actually experiencing--holy shit,
"Needed a break from Micah," Kamal explains, fingers tapping lightly on the table.  "Sheila and Chris took over."
Her eyes narrow curiously, but all she says is, "Yeah.  People are hard--anyone who says otherwise is lying through their goddamn teeth--but learning their buttons is easy.  Once you know that--"
"You're going to be a great uncle," Dean tells him, already trying to work out what they should get Sudha and Jaya: he'll ask around, see what they need.  A lot of things with fire retardants when Jaya hits puberty, if she gets that back (they should find a copy of
This camp, there weren't any secrets, and he doesn't think the assassination squad was going for subtle that day; they didn't need to be, not anymore.  They were watching Cas, watching Vera--no, think like Cas's class did and still does, it was all of them.  Vera had to be terrified, but she walked out there anyway--how did she do that, how could even stay on her feet--and Joe was clumsy but Kamal wasn't, he was former Nepalese military; they were covering for her, helping her stay sane.   Amanda was showing signs of going after one of them--after four days of Amanda's company, he's thinking probably
He's not sure how long it lasts--he's not sure how long it's supposed to, he's only done this with demons, maybe it's different with gods?--but Castiel's the one that jerks back first.  Dean only realizes he closed his eyes when he opens them, licking his lips and wondering at the lingering taste; it's nothing like demons, a thick, rotting sweetness, sour like curdled milk, that he'll taste with every mouthful of food, every drink of water, every goddamn
"You could."
Manuel stares at him in fascination.  "What was it about?"
"You create your own destruction, yes, but almost immediately create a way out of it," he continues, returning to the original subject.  "It's like watching endless dress rehearsals for what you might do and how to get out of it, on the off-chance you end up actually doing it.  Combining cosmic horror with practicality isn't a universal trait by any means, much less turning it into a visual instruction manual: you are to be commended for that particular innovation."
"I could do it--used to be able to, anyway," Dean says, looking at his right hand sourly.  "I'd need practice.  Everyone going on supply runs is under orders to check out tattoo places; once we have one, we may have to train people up to it.  Bobby could do it blind."
"Sarah?" Kat says frantically, starting toward her, boots sliding out beneath her on the blood-slick floor and landing on her knees.  "Sarah, wait--
"Alone," Micah says flatly.
Micah slumps onto the cot, looking away. "Yes," he answers flatly. "I thought--"
"I understand educating your sons is expensive," Cornelia says pleasantly, handing him the paper.  "As you are aware, I support education of the young. Please accept this."
"--but maybe it was okay to believe you were in it for more than just waiting for Dean to die.  That you thought we--everything--was worth fighting for." Chuck wipes his face again, frustrated.  "You came back.  Dean's gone, game over, you're all that's left, and--and you're only here because
"Due to the lack of linear time," Cas answers glumly, "'forever' would not be inaccurate."
"You rarely woke at dawn; you're simply not used to the weather enough to tell the difference without a clock," Cas answers, a hint of amusement in his voice. "I don’t have one here and I know Dean's cabin doesn't have one.  And your watch is broken: I noticed when we talked in Dean's cabin a few days after your arrival."
"Mom said I should come early today," she says, holding his eyes.  "And make sure people saw me.  She's taking a second shift at the infirmary this morning, but she checked in with me so I'd...so I'd know."
There's Amanda, the student he didn't know to even dream of given flesh, who could learn anything he could teach and pass it to others; facing him on the training field, never understanding she was supposed to be afraid; lighting up moments before they went to battle, one of the few who can fight beside him and fewer that want to; in Dean's room, turning to him for comfort as the only one who understood her loss.  There's Alison, sitting on her porch the night after their first disastrous meeting and a terrible party, hostile and tired and unimpressed by the infinite being seated beside her; the wonder on her face when he showed her herself; offering up her mind for his use without hesitation to save those children, unshakably certain she could survive it, that he could protect her when she couldn't hope to protect herself; deep in their discussions on the anatomy of sheepapodes and the horrified debate between whether propagation involved eggs or live birth  (separately or in combination, with or without water, and/or the involvement of a pouch); a woman who fears neither angels nor gods nor man, only herself.
Who will have time to write them between their desperate fight to survive and running from megafauna?  In growing horror, he wonders if their tiny fires are being fed by the collected works of Shakespeare and Catullus and Stephen King.  Children may be born, he realizes, who won't read
Joe closes her eyes. "Pencil behind her ear she never used showed up the second day.  She had to be fucking with me at that point just to see if I was paying attention."  Cocking his head, he begins to grin. "You see a bored woman in a mostly male meeting who's the only one typing and acting annoyed to be doing it, you don't think 'leader', you think 'secretary'.  I do, actually, know better than that."
Drew nods tiredly, and Alicia looks at Castiel: that would be a very long time for a concussion.  "Two hours, maybe a little less."
She stares at him for a long moment before she nods again, lips moving soundlessly but the shape is definitely "Cas."
Outside Sudha's door are several very unfrozen women--Deepika, Cathy, and Suma sitting beside a very worried-looking Mercedes--all of whom look at him and Nate in surprise.
Dean tries not to flinch.  "I'm not him."
"A lie," Alicia says.  "It's like you walk up to someone looking at a tree and tell them it's not there: they're not going to buy it.  You want this to work, you gotta tell them the tree's not there before they look at it, am I right?"  He makes himself nod as he would to anyone who was correct in their assumptions.  "What's the command in the sigils? What are they telling us?"
"Pumpkin," Amanda confirms as she lays it in front of them with justifiable reference.  "They're still working on their fruit supply, so most is dried or preserved and only for super-special occasion stuff.  So I told Alison you loved pumpkin, since they have a lot of that and are kind of sick of it, and helped with pie-making."
"A truce will be in effect from the moment of your agreement and continue until you are again standing where you are now and verify its end," Erica answers, voice clear.  "The Crossroads itself will enforce the terms as confirmed by the Host."
"We have a printer?" he calls toward the kitchen, reading the salutation--this is a letter?  People still write
Returning from scrubbing down in the nearby bathroom, Vera snaps on clean gloves and smiles at Sudha before kneeling in front of the thick towel protecting the padding on the floor between Sudha's spread legs.
On impulse, he circles around the far side of the bed near the window, studying the smooth floor beneath the layer of dust and dirt and crouches to run his fingers over the surprisingly smooth surface before studying his fingers carefully, noting the dots of off-white in the undifferentiated mass.  Rubbing his fingers together, he feels the unmistakable texture of residual sawdust.
"I'm sorry to say that it did," she admits, leaning a hip against the table.  "It helped that it was said after a terrible attempt at probably-yakitori and maybe-miso soup, I'm just guessing here.  Claudia told me he got the recipes from a library book, which I think was written by aliens or people that hate food or Americans or something. It was so bad, but I ate every bite." He nods encouragingly.  "He also spent six weeks previous to this trying to learn Japanese from tapes that Walter found for him to impress me over dinner and sure, that wasn't Japanese--I'm not sure what it was--I grade for effort and that was a lot of effort."  Her eyes narrow speculatively.  "Fair's fair--Dean?  Even Amanda doesn't know, and she knows everything."
"For the purposes of this conversation," Castiel answers carefully, "and only this conversation, why not?"
Cas's head snaps up.  "Personally, I would enjoy the novelty."  There's a genuine note of bitterness somewhere in there, though, and Dean has just enough time to wonder where the hell that came from before he adds, "Your disappointment in my activities is, as always, crushing."
"Just come on." Cas finally condescends to fake normal and lets Dean lead him back to the stairs and up to the third floor, ignoring the Office of Marble and What the Fuck and going until he finds the door to what he thinks was a conference room that shares its bathroom, and going inside, sees all their stuff--minus medical equipment, now in their goddamn infirmary, got it--and nods.  "Here we go."
"Your argument moved me and I agree with all of it, even the parts that implied I'm terrible at most of what I do.  Apparently that's acceptable for some reason that wasn't entirely clear but I assume was supposed to be encouraging."
"Give me a minute."  Cas's eyebrow achieves maximum altitude just as he shoves back the blankets and slides out of bed.  He doesn't need to look back to know Cas is performing 'patience and concern in the face of Dean's ridiculous intractability' because this is Cas and that's exactly the words he'd use for that expression.
Dean walks right into it without regret.  "Anything you want."  And means it.
"I'm saying ethics and not being a shitty person aside," Dean explains, "I wouldn't give her a bullet to the head if she asked for it.  Just
"Erica, always the social butterfly," Dean agrees: Christ,
The clearing extends from his feet to the cabin in a wide, rough circle, the center burned black.  Reluctantly, he crouches, running his fingers over the ground, already knowing what he'll find: rock salt glinting among traces of old ash that clings to his fingers, mixed with glimpses of familiar blackened splinters and the faint, unmistakable smell of kerosene.  Glancing up, he notes the piles of brush and roughly chopped wood on one side of the cabin, numbly following the industrial wire from the roof to the four heavy wooden posts strung with camp lights that mark the boundaries of a rough square of methodically salted earth big enough to minimalize the risk of setting off a wildfire.
"I'd far prefer to think you exercised terrible judgment than deliberately ignored your duties tonight. The first is stupid but understandable; emotional distress can make people do foolish things, and combining that with alcohol and drugs can lead to poor decision making. The second, however, would display not only a very questionable taste for manipulation, but a deliberate choice to prioritize your personal life over your duty to the detriment of both."
"My winning personality, as you call it, should do the rest.  Of course, if you change your mind regarding social--"
"So as Lucifer would never pay for sex," he finishes in satisfaction, "'harlots' is inaccurate on concept. And implying we work for him is utterly ridiculous."
Wrapping his hand in fresh gauze, he takes a step toward the porch and stops short at the click of a safety.  Turning, he sees Dean a few feet away, half-hidden from view by an overturned sofa and straddling another, unmoving body in a pool of blood, one blood-stained hand pointing a gun at Castiel's head.
"I'm not putting Sid back out there until I'm sure his team'll survive it."  Cas tilts his head, which tells Dean that he knows there's more.  "With Joe and Vera, that also makes two team leaders that aren't scared of you."
Meeting her eyes, he shows her the empty room as it was then: a bare expanse of frozen white absence, vast beyond measure.  He walked endlessly in search of its end and never found it; he might have walked forever there, but there was too much to do. He had to learn to understand this foreign thing, his not-quite human body: how to exist within it; to use it; to keep it living and healthy. He had to learn the sharp limits of corporeal existence, to navigate existence on a single plane, on a single world, in a single time.  There was Dean always, first and only and all things he had ever known; there was the camp and those he must teach for him; there were people he must understand for him; there was a world he must save for him--and then there were those he must teach, because they needed him; people he must understand, because they were themselves; a world he couldn't save, that was already over, and they were only marking time until the end.
"Power doesn't corrupt," he answers patiently.  "People corrupt themselves, and the strength of the tool neither slows nor speeds its advance.  You could be as psychically null as the most mundane of humans and neither mayor of Ichabod nor leader of the Alliance, and you would still be dangerous in Teresa's defense.
Cas's eyes narrow, but noticeably, he doesn't answer.
To his surprise, it's less than twenty minutes before Amanda returns with a heavy roll of startlingly white paper, and Evelyn and Kyle carrying--
"You say yes," Dean answers promptly.  "And this: you promise me that if you don't like something I'm doing, you tell me, in front of the entire camp if you think you have to.  Argue, fight it out, I don't care: I may disagree with you and do it anyway if I think I'm right, but that doesn't mean I don't want to know if I'm wrong and why."
"What?"
"Cas," he says instead, "restrain little Miss Fixit, would you?"
"Good call." Swiveling around, he drops back onto the sagging mattress, listening to a soundtrack of protesting springs and creaking wood contentedly.  This may be the shittiest mattress in the world, but right now, he doesn't even care, because it's contained in a room with an actual goddamn
He looks up, hoping it's not too obvious that he's not entirely sure where to look.  The green-blue of Dean's shape shifts constantly, making it difficult to focus on where his face should be.
you he doesn't know shit.  Though the last part he only does when he really wants to fuck with your head."
Cas starts to smile, but it vanishes as he takes in Dean's expression.
"You're still alive," Cas explains politely, which has the effect of transforming the stare into an outright glare.  "Congratulations, and thank you for your excellent ethics.  I wasn't particularly looking forward to explaining an extempore public ritual execution of Ichabod's mayor to their entire town."
"Is it more than talk?"
Chuck winces again, but at least has the grace to nod.  "Look, you have to understand.  With Dean gone--"
Cas's expression flickers briefly, too fast for Dean to follow.  "While this doesn't shorten the list of ways you can die here in any meaningful sense--this being you--we can eliminate 'existing here at all' from consideration."
"They're dead." He remembers Chuck asking him about the team leaders the night they went to retrieve the bodies; he sounded the same.  "Cas, I don't think they…wait."  She straightens in alarm.  "Are you worried about them turning on
Andy breathes out in relief.  "What's going on?"  His voice breaks on the last word.  "What happened?  We got back inside, right?"
Dean blinks.  "How long have you been thinking about this?"
Dean puts the penlight away but keeps a hand on Cas's forehead; it's not only him that feels better doing that.
"Because your cabins don't have roofs, and he's not going to kill me, so let's save ourselves some stress and do it this way."  She takes a serene sip from her cup.  "Which I don't need to be psychic or even reasonable observant to know is the problem here."
"You do not know it all," Sappho whispers, visibly bracing herself.  "She sank the ships they would take."
Huh.  "Thanks," he says, waving at Natalie on his way out and waits until they're well down the hall before turning to Joe and then realizes something.  "Why is Vicky here?  Doesn't she have--things to do?"
"No," Dean answers honestly, which doesn't seem to be as reassuring as he thought if her dubious expression is any indication.  "No soul involvement whatsoever."
Dean has to actually see it to believe it: the library/utility closet/TARDIS (fuck his life for letting Sam get him watching the BBC) does, in fact, have a stack of board games ("Top shelf, right side, behind the box of reports for October first through tenth.")
Dean hides his grin as Cas methodically collects two bowls, two glasses, and two spoons from the cabinets, origin Supply Run for Kitchen Shit he assumes, and one day he's got to find that report.  Vera maliciously explained everything there was to know about human meal customs when Cas took over as chef in residence, and Dean's pre-fever days of eating on the porch or on the coffee table came to an abrupt end in the post-tray, post-fever world.
) feeling well-rested, less in pain (until he moved; was that a mistake), and experiencing what may or may not have been a revelation, or at least an idea.
"So what can we do to protect Nate?" Mira asks into the brief quiet, looking around the table.  "There's got to be something we can use, anything."
and they lose sight of Sempronia a couple of times when servants get in the way. At the farthest end, they catch sight of Sempronia's skirts and follow her down to the very last door.
Crossing to the bed, he kneels beside her; it's impossible to see Vera in that body.  Despite her efforts, her true form overwhelms it entirely, rich blue skin fading the blue surgical scrubs into insignificance; two of her arms gently reach to spread and arrange Sudha's legs while two others ease her to the very edge of the mattress and provide an anchor, Rabin a support and bulwark behind her.
Dean's restlessness increases as midnight drifts closer, and Castiel obediently follows him on a circuit of Fourth, now bustling with activity. They pause briefly here and there, long enough for Dean to smile, wave at someone he recognizes, engage in a snatch of conversation with a vendor while sampling a drink or survey a tray of goods and comment on the quality to the owners before they move on again.  It's fascinating in a completely different way than he expected when he came here tonight, but the reason for the difference is elusive.
"No," Cas says slowly.  "They're
"This is the wrong kind.  The only thing that got her into the Tower in the first place was you and she didn't expect to survive," he says flatly, barely controlling the rising anger at the memory of how she looked at Cas, how he looked at her…what the fuck is wrong with him?  "I didn't kill her--I fixed her, for fuck's sake!--but she's still there, waiting for me to destroy her just because I can."
