Tony looked at Thor with a sly grin. “I need the wealth and security, good Captain. Asgard is also said to be eons ahead in practical magics such as runes. I have got to get in on that gift from the gods.”
Clint shifted leaning into Bucky’s hand as his form became more human. He nosed at his wrist. “Don’t hurt yourself. You’re kind of awful at this whole speaking thing.”
Once his hand was good and patched he went to leave out the window again, much more languid than before and found himself stuck in the window.
"The one with three legs, Romanov, the hawk, the giant and the blonde wolf." Clint answered. Tony nodded taking in the scene. Three dead and two injured and six still fighting with the pack Clint described.
The four Fight Club members sat in Natasha and Tony’s room with a dark cloud hovering above them.
“I’m fine, Wilson.” Natasha said curtly grabbing two food trays. She was at least going to get Tony some pudding if nothing else. She was also certain he thought he had yesterday’s Jamba Juice from when Natasha visited him in the hospital.
Bucky glared. "Hardy-har-har-har."
Steve stared down at them so small and vulnerable. He was unsure if he'd be confident enough to one hand them.
"I'd like to commission you," he said. "To draw Jarvis and Dummy and possibly me if you'd like."
"Sir it's been nearly two days," Jarvis protested.
The angel jerked back hitting his head on the window sill, he leaned back out bracing his arms on the edge. “It seems there’s a devil witnessing mine.”
Clint eyed Bucky and Natasha. "I'm sure. I don't recognize the others in your pack."
“Challenge accepted.” Clint whispered back his breath crossing Bucky’s lips.
“Miscarriages.” Jarvis fixed. “A blessing it was said to be.”
"Please continue, Doctor." Thor said, placing another finger into Bruce eliciting a noise he had not heard in years. "Your expertise is a feat I have not seen in a while."
They barely made it up the stairs before Tony had pulled off his shirt the need to touch him overwhelming. Steve picked him up and Tony wrapped his legs around him so that they could make it to bed without letting go.
“I’m so angry.”
Steve stood and to the workshop they went.
“What’d you say?” Bucky asked.
Natasha nodded and then boldly asked. “I’ll give you my number so you can link me to it.”
Steve grabbed Tony’s wrist and the other man moved closer sitting in his crossed legs thighs on either side of his torso. They were quiet.
Rogers and Thor exchanged a look. “How about I stay with you, my friend,” Thor said amicably, “And we wait for the other prefects to call and tell us they found him.”
“Natasha?” Steve was genuinely bemused. Tony hid a smile behind his hand wiping at his mouth.
“It’s probably just stress.” Bruce said gently pressing against Clint’s belly. “I don’t even think your going to open enough to start.”
“My friend here is helping me look for a missing student,” Thor covered still looking at Bruce. Bruce heaved out a shaky breath and tried to unclench. They were all so close.
“Sam and I are going to the town tomorrow to do an investigation on a missing body.” Natasha’s voice broke the night and it was as if it pierced the sensitive silence and the bugs suddenly let loose a deafening buzz.
"Workshop. Congratulations on the mating. May good wealth come to you and strength come to our pack. Which it will. Mr. Barton is quite the warrior." Steve said.
“Did we happen to stumble upon the only enchanted omega’s in the entire country?”
Captain Rodgers jerked back shocked. “My apologies, I speak out of habit rather than moral. We have been doing our very best to leave the war behind us, joining a pack of omegas might be one more step in completing the task.”
"If you could, do a small investigation in the nearest town and possibly the one after that." Tony said. "You already have a lifelong guarantee to my abilities, I'll compensate you whatever you want otherwise."
"I told him I had duties here. He asked to stay and then he kissed me. Things devolved from there. We only broke apart once the pies were done and I ran away as soon as I pulled them out."
"Of course not, Barnes," Clint said getting out of the chair. "But I am not in the mood to see you right now."
“All of us have our moods,” Tony said sympathetically. “Some of them are more productive than others.”
Together Bruce and Tony led Clint out of the room near carrying him before he got his feet under him and shoved them away.
Clint pulled Bucky close to him. "Are you saying no?"
“Go.”
Tony smiled covering his hand. "That it is."
Clint looked over his shoulder and Bucky caught his eye with bright gray. "Intimately."
Bruce decided not to interpret that. "Tell me of Asgard and battles, if you would be so kind?"
Bruce and Clint vocally protested. “Fuck that!” and “They don’t deserve shit from us.”
Tony swallowed flinching at the bruising pain. He distantly wonders whether Clint felt this when he got bitten. He nodded and stumbled back towards the house. Steve tried to help him, but he jerked out of his grip. Steve got that pinched look in his brow. Tony just continued walking. Clean wound. Leave the automatons, go with Stane. Suffer through the heat.
“No.” Tony said his hands shaking. He was still naked. The flames had flicked out ashes which caught fire to his skin. He couldn’t find it in himself to move for his leather apron.
Bruce and Clint burst in silently and took the notebooks from Natasha. Then repeated the process of looking between their phones and Tony. Bruce and Clint next to Tony. It was very quiet for a very long time.
A small knock gave them warning when Steve poked his head in. “He would like you to come, to Jarvis burial.”
"I could use one of those." Bruce said quietly.
Tony’s movements stuttered and stopped. “No.”
Clint shifted still as curled as he could possibly be. Bucky laid his hand on top of Clint's head and they waited. The sun rose higher up brightening the sky and no one felt the need to move and clean the glass or cover the window. The resounding grief pouring through the bond was almost as petrifying as the first earth shattering cry. When the snow finally reached Natashas hair she stood and grabbed a broom to clean up the glass. Thor got up and went outside scavenging a piece of the stable for overnight the window. Sam came to help with nails and a hammer. Bucky and Clint stayed the unspoken anxieties unsaid but known.
“Would you please do me the honors of sleeping in my bed tonight? You do not need to lay your sword in my hills but your comfort, that I am unworthy of, I find myself seeking, Captain Rodgers.”
"Sit." He did. Tony leaned in. "You must be a scientist." Tony said. "Most don't notice my automaton."
"Nice to meet you," Clint said with a small wave. The shoulder sized yellow wolf Sam was perched on nodded back.
“Anyway, how’d you meet?” Clint continued.
“Bruce, my darling,” he greeted kicking down the door. Bruce startled and sat up bleary eyed and glasses crooked.
“The night I killed Justin Hammer. He had figured it out and began destroying them. Yarrow first then Bill next. He was reaching for Daryl and I just…”
“Clint.”
Steve nodded and laid his head once again upon his knees. It was odd to be able to do so. He'd been a wolf for so long by necessity that he probably didn't remember what his body looked like. He woke up this morning and auto-shifted when he saw a head in his mirror, not recognizing his own face. He did spend time getting reacquainted with it afterwards but even then he looked...older. More tired. He had a layer of beard he hadn't had in a long time. His hair was longer than he remembered. Even now enjoying the humanity in this contact with Bucky he wished for the sweet relief of fur and dirt and unit.
Tony tapped his chin. “Thor you’re on Stane.”
“He texted me yesterday.” Steve said around a yawn. He couldn’t feel everyone’s eyes on him. “He said his near death experience caused him to have an epiphany and he asked me for my hand in marriage.”
"Listen for a beat." Bruce tapped it out on the table.
“Do you have anything you want to tell us, Bruce,” Natasha said eyeing his middle.
Bruce shook his head. “We’d still lose money and we can’t if we want to end by February, right?”
The night sky was luminous, and the stars seemed closer than ever. Tony blew out a breath looking up and watching his air disperse above him. In the city where he had resided since his father died and he was no longer allowed in university, a place he spent nearly two decades in, the stars were covered in fog and light. Now, on his porch he could just about touch them. He stared and tried not to reach out foolishly. The stars were not with him, the Wilsons have not returned from their endeavor and the longer they were away the ichor of the city clung to Tony’s shoulders. It held fast to him the loss and death that he left behind. The Lady did her best. Tony closed his eyes and tried not to hold in tears. Where will he go if this the warm house where he can hear Thor’s rumbling voice followed by Bruce’s soft tone, and Clint’s joyous laughter, disappears?
“Thank you.” Steve said. He grabbed Bucky by his shirt and pulled him off the bed. “We appreciate it very much.”
“What?” she needed to get this over with and start trying to find more…less queer friends. She was certain the student body was pissed about something. She couldn’t put her finger on it but then again she wasn’t talked around in locker rooms. They never spoke to her. They spoke
in as many different codes and languages he knew.
Steve pushed himself up and stretched looking towards the sky. Sunrise was long past him. Steve's winced and cursed under his breath. For all his angry alpha posturing he was going to be late for his own set time. He shifted skirting over earth and slipping on the fresh fallen mildew.
"Hush you," Tony scolded setting Jarvis down.
Tony waved away his concern. "It'll draw in a crowd for certain."
“It’s over.” He said.
When the house was visible there were four figures and two babies and Thor flew towards them the wind and the air catching on him as he shifted to man and wrapped himself around Bruce. Bucky was more subtle walking up to Clint who was sitting as the twins crawled over the blankets. He licked Clint's cheek.
Clint shrugged with a mumbled "I dunno."
“PACK!”
Bucky holding his side crouched in front of Steve. “I mean he’s pretty stupid. He might talk to me again.”
Bruce was having a moment that Tony called his space cadet time. In which his eyes stare up at the sky and his mind begins calculating the chemical composition of stars and grass. He could spend hours doing so. At the moment he was thinking about the migration of clouds and the chances of rain coming from the heavy gray sky. Bruce felt unstable. He always felt unstable but it was like being in the middle of an earthquake then the ground opens up. It hasn't eaten him yet but he can see the yawning mouth. Coming for him. Bruce was certain that more people were looking at them. More people were whispering. It must be a money thing. It's always a money thing with these people. He couldn’t parse out who. He had like three friends and a couple of prefects he tutored.
“Rogers,” Tony purred.
"Birth control still would not work during a heat."
Bruce's hips twitched, and he groaned into the pillows exposing his neck. Thor pushes his face into the exposed skin and gave a generous lick.
Bucky laid his head on Clint's shoulder. Dear, gods.
There wasn't an answer. Tony's stomach bottomed out. Jarvis was always by his side.
Natasha grabbed his chin her black gloves cool against his skin and tilted his head to make eye contact. Her hair was pulled into an athletic pony tail and her gaze stony.
“Bucky you were there breaking up the fights.”
That seemed to shock him back into the moment. “Steve went out the back door but…” From this angle it was clear that his workshop was in flames. Tony found his feet first and was running at a breakneck pace the short distance there. It was hard to see but two figures were huddled together just inside the edge of the forest. He ran past his work. Bucky and Steve were coming into focus. Oh god, Clint.
“Because he sometimes turns into a beast from Father’s home in hell.”
"I just find it odd that you would take suppressants, Mr. Stark."
"I beg to differ," Tony said turning back to the carriage. "We found proof that me and Bruce are a pack."
“Farewell, lustful devil.” He responded laughter in his voice. Tony huffed watching him turn back to his room. He dusted himself off and headed to the metal shop he created in the farm house. He built a chicken coup and a small covered area to house guest horses should they need it but considering Clint's hunting skills and their own steam carriage the need for a farm seemed arbitrary. He opened the heavy door and stared at where the majority of his savings went. It was beautiful.
“Any of those sound like potential kidnappers?” Clint asked having finishing his one tale of a soccer player stealing his aids and then being beaten to a pulp in the ring.
Steve looked at Tony. Tony gestured minutely at T’Challa. Steve jerked his head at Bruce. Tony shook it.
Clint slapped him outside the head. "Yes, it is," he said struggling to crawl to the item. Bucky was quicker pulling himself up by his abs and leaning over to snatch it in three swift movements.
"I thought my birth control would still cover it because I hadn't had a period in months." Clint admitted.
Tony felt something melt under that and couldn't help his lips curling into a tender smile. "I do not doubt it, courteous angel."
Tony opened and closed his mouth several times and felt the hardened need to have Dummy nearby. "Oh?" He croaked.
That night Steve called the entire pack in for a meeting. Clint and Bucky had a baby each, Tony sat tinkering with a clock, Thor was leaning over his chair so that he could touch Bruce who was looking mildly ill, Sam and Natasha were staring at Bruce waiting for him to say something, what? Steve didn't know.
"Metal worker, are you?"
Steve entered an empty basement. He scanned and found a trail of blood. He followed it out the door and saw only the back of the school and a line of trees. He opened up his phone and began jogging.
T’Challa smiled and returned to his book. “Thor, you and I are magnificent fighters, but we will never be as dangerous as someone who fights with nothing to lose.”
“Aw, man,” Steve said looking down the barrel. “I should have stayed at the local high school and been a football god.”
“Please let me down.” Tony asked still wiggling.
His dorm room door banged open. Tony looked over his shoulder and nodded at Natasha before returning to his show. Natasha slammed his laptop closed. Tony followed her arm up to her eyes. He sat up.
“Furious angel.” Tony said. Steve rocked him with a hush. The night poured on and their pack tried to clean their wounds.
"Very," Bruce sighed.
Stane’s teeth made a sickening squelch as they left the meat of his shoulder. Tony shoved away stumbling and falling onto his ass. He covered his neck and felt blood soak through his fingers. He closed his eyes and pressed harder. Oh god. He swallowed the vomit crawling up his throat.
Bucky's hand steadies him. "What?"
"Doctor Banner have you gathered your notebooks. Let's experiment with Lord Thor's latent magic, shall we?"
Tony shifted out of the bed leaving Steve snoring peacefully. It was a rare thing, they both had nightmares and insomnia and if one or the other was asleep they always left them be. He grabbed a tunic and a cloak from the floor and wrapped it around his shoulders. He wanted to see the snow. He felt a childlike wonder at the flakes coming down and it tied to his drive to create and make. Once he was bundled up he walked down the stairs and stopped as was his morning routine to touch Jarvis”s knee and greet him. Every night he'd say his goodbye and then head to bed. Jarvis still sat above the fireplace and would occasionally move his head in acknowledgement and rarely greet people. Usually, Steve or Bruce since those were his favorites. Today, Tony touched him as per usual he was cold. Which was odd for he sat above an almost never ending fire. Tony shrugged it off willing some of his magic into the bot. The magic would not leave him. His hand remained cold, the metal not even warming up against flesh.
Tony grabbed Steve’s waist and jerked him down hard onto him, crying out Steve’s name as lights exploded behind his eyes. He thrust up into Steve until he was done and both of them sort of collapsed together, breathing hard and clinging to one another.
One morning, several weeks after he came home, Steve was getting ready to shave him and Tony put his hand over Steve’s. “I am sorry I’ve been angry with you so long,” he said quietly, looking at Steve in the mirror in front of him.
“What’d’you want, Rogers? I’m busy.”
“Good. Glad to see the rain coming. You?”
“That was always quite apparent,” Steve said. “Is it good?” he nodded to the taco.
There was more in the look than Steve knew how to process so he closed his own eyes and sighed, moving his hand from the back of Tony’s head to his cheek. He gently cupped Tony’s cheek. He wanted to kiss Tony and hold him for a moment. But he didn’t.
Steve took the control panel from his hands and kissed him. “I love you, that’s why.”
“Stark, since I have no deputy, do you think you can give me a hand?” Steve asked him over coffee one morning at the saloon. Stark didn’t usually drink in earnest until later in the afternoon and they often had coffee together.
Steve pulled him on top of his body. “Show me!”
“It calms me down.”
He took the lube and began to kiss his way down Steve’s gorgeous torso. He hadn’t lost any of that since he’d been in exile. He was still perfect. He kept kissing that perfect body as he readied Steve.
Steve looked surprised at Tony’s words. “I – whatever you want, Tony.”
Steve began pulling the white wrappings from his hands. “You’re telling me that you have a Life Model Decoy of you still here?” Steve sounded angry.
He was still surprised when Steve reached down for his hand as they walked along. They walked back home hand in hand, neither saying a word. They didn’t need to.
“Really? Is there though?” Steve stepped close to the workbench.
“You never said.”
“Tell me,” Tony whispered.
“I know a bakery over in Brooklyn and the girl who runs it looks just like Darcy Lewis.”
“What’s with the Kraken?” he asked and both men broke up laughing again, Steve doing that crazy thing where he grabbed his chest when he came out with a big belly laugh. The other hand was on Tony’s chest.
Stark was sitting at his regular stool, sipping what Rogers assumed was coffee from a white mug.
But even Captain America can’t go on forever and when they were resting in Steve’s bed after, he remembered that Tony had commented on his underwear. He looked at Tony, who was snoozing curled up against Steve with his head on Steve’s shoulder.
Steve held his head still as he slowly thrust into Tony’s mouth. His rhythm quickened but Tony kept up, breathing when Steve pulled back and taking him deep as he pressed in. Tony was surprised when Steve pulled out and put his hand over Tony’s hand, moving his hand quickly until he cried out and came into Tony’s open mouth, a few drops spilling out and running down his chin.
“I started looking for videos,” Steve offered quietly.
Steve nodded. “Thanks. You already do too much for us, for me.”
“Did you say what I thought you did?” Tony asked, and Steve thought he sounded hopeful.
Anthony laughed. “I promise I won’t drool.”
“I can’t say I’d object at all,” Tony told him and hugged him close again.
Tony nodded.
“We’ll do this together, yes?” Tony looked into his eyes.
“Aren’t you smart and all modern?”
“I know and yes, I do. Can we argue later? We’ve got about an hour or two before one of them calls us,” Tony said as they began to make their way to the bedroom.
“I have a bed in the back in my apartment,” Tony said, wiggling underneath him. “Want to move there? You’re mashing me flat.”
“Show me,” Tony told him.
He moved his finger in and out, still licking and sucking at Tony’s balls. He slid a second finger in, crooking the first to find Tony’s prostate, tickling it ever so slightly.
Steve wanted to kill him and kiss him, but mostly, he wanted that dirty mouth on him. He nodded silently and moved the pillow away. His erection had not flagged in the least.
Oh. My. God.
“Nothing,” Tony said, pulling the part of Steve he’d been nuzzling through the fly. His activities made Steve forget about his underwear for quite a while.
“But could you?” she asked and bumped shoulders with him as they headed to the kitchen.
These days, he would take Stark into the workshop and leave him on the big sofa by the wall, all covered in a homemade afghan to ward off the night’s chill. Sometimes he sat in the rocker by the sofa and watched Stark sleep, listening to him mumble and snore, soothing him when he cried out in his sleep.
“You say that now,” Steve told him and stomped out of the gym.
“Shall I have JARVIS order some types for you to try?”
“Want me to go then?” Tony was looking at the pillow as if he could see through it.
It was over quickly for both of them and they lay side by side in Tony’s big bed.
The cake was a smoking black blob in the sink. The sprinklers had just gone off and Tony had just told JARVIS not to call the NYFD and to turn off the waterworks.
Tony’s hand slid up his thigh, though not all the way up yet.
No one really had an answer for him.
“How’s it going, Tony?”
Steve dropped to his knees in front of Tony, taking him into his hand and leaning close to taste him.
Steve tugged on Tony’s jacket and then his tie. He’d always loved stripping Tony out of a suit. And Tony loved having him do it, too. He unbuttoned every button slowly and deliberately, but Tony saw his hands tremble. Steve looked surprised when he opened Tony’s shirt to find an Arc Reactor.
“Not too busy at the smithy at the moment, so yeah, I guess I could help out. What do you need?”
Steve nodded and moved up to straddle Tony, reaching behind to take Tony into his hand. He positioned himself over him and guided Tony’s cock into his ass, moaning a little as he slid down the pole, as it were.
The sheriff scooped up some of the slick stuff and moved down between Tony’s legs. “God, yes. I thought about doing this to you every damned night since that one time.”
“Go ahead. I can’t stop you without my suit.”
“All of it,” Steve told him. “What is there not to like?”
“So – you’re straight?” Tony asked.
He’d love to have been the one who gave him all those little bite marks and little hickeys. He groaned out loud when he wondered if there were marks on his thighs, his abdomen, elsewhere. What would it feel like to bite him, feel him tremble and beg?
“I – we decided to try it apart. I stress her so much and her stress makes me feel so damned guilty. We decided to try for something simpler.”
Tony sat up. “Doing what?”
“Nope. And no one can tell them apart from the real thing. Some of them even believed they were the real thing.”
Steve nodded. He didn’t want to talk about his past either, so he understood that.
Steve shook his head. Though said in jest, it was true. As much as he liked Stark, he
“Sir, this suit is working at programmed parameters. It has no malfunctions at all.”
“Let’s go to your bed.”
Tony moaned out loud when Steve’s hand slid up inside the leg of his boxers and fondled his cock, moving his hand up and down the length until Tony found himself fucking Steve’s hand.
It had felt so good though. Stark’s kisses had been as sweet as the sin they surely were. He might have been drunk, but he wasn’t too drunk to notice how responsive Stark was, how his body thrummed when Steve had touched him and how is own body had responded in kind.
“No,” Steve answered. “Can I kiss you now? I’ve waited a long time for a chance.” he asked.
“I have a meeting at 10:30. I – we – I don’t want to leave you, Tony,” Steve finally managed to say.
“I did, sir.”
“I missed you, too. I thought about you every night when I went bed.”
Steve didn’t bother to take Tony’s shirt off, which was not unusual either. There was something about leaving it on that turned Steve on and Tony was certainly all right with that.
he sent back.
Clint shook his head and wondered to himself if they’d hear him in the ductwork over Steve’s bedroom. He kinda wanted to see the Kraken for himself now, dammit.
“You already knew that, Tony.”
Tony shrugged.  “You know there are more fun ways to get overheated?”
Steven shook his head. “Been a long, damned time, though.” And he dipped his head for more kisses, kisses that were becoming hungrier and hotter.
Steve sent back.
“I didn’t, but the damn previews came up anyway.” The preview screen for the last one was the blond on his knees on front of the dark-haired man. His mouth was full of the other man’s generous cock.
“What I want is a shot at Rogers,” he told her.
Tony looked crestfallen. “Oh, all right. Sleep well, sheriff.”
“Yep. He’s behind most of the evil out this way. I’m just not sure what to do about it, but uphold the law as best I can.”
She smiled at him and shook her head. “That’s my job, Tony.”
Tony took him deep, deep enough to press into his throat.
It was getting to be a habit and it had to stop.
Summer was hotter than hell in Timely and everyone was waiting for a little rain to make things better. All the heat had made the residents a little more cantankerous than usual and Sheriff Rogers had a full jail most nights from fights in the saloon, men mistreating the girls who worked there, and general bad tempers boiling over.
Steve stayed in the bar until late. Tony drank steadily, but didn’t get nearly as drunk as usual. Steve figured it was the late start since he’d kept him busy most of the day. Perhaps that was the key to sobering him up.
“Whitney was a sweet girl when I knew her, sexy and fun, but she was hurt in a car crash when we broke up and it made her mean and bitter, it ruined her insides as well as her face. You can’t trust her. Not when it comes to me,” Tony told him as they strolled along the street and drank their coffees.
“I’m coming, oh fuck, Tony, I’m coming,” Steve cried out as he did just that, spilling himself between them, his ass clenching tight around Tony.
His heart was pounding in rage and hurt when he got down to the street. He marched up the street to the food truck, ordered a couple of tacos. He walked down the block and found a vacant bench. He sat down to eat.
“Has anyone programmed it besides me?”
“If we go to the bedroom, we can do more than just kiss,” Tony murmured as he turned toward the bedroom and reached for Steven’s hand.
“When you come?” Tony prodded.
“Listening to you sleep.”
Steve scooped out a little of the clear jelly and pressed one finger slowly into Tony as he let his tongue tease Tony’s perineum, then his testicles. Tony thrust his ass upward, trying to take more of Steve’s finger. Steve obliged him by pressing all the way inside. He was trembling with need himself as Tony made a sound.
“Yeah.” Tony heard him swallow.
Steve had loved Peggy, but he ached for Tony. All the years away from him had only made Steve love him and want him more. They’d only had a few months together before Siberia and they met once in Germany during his ‘exile,’ but that had been sad for them both.
“That’s not what I meant!”
It had all begun at about 10:30 pm. Steve had found an easy, recipe, or so the website said. They had assembled ingredients - flour, eggs, sugar, and the rest. Everything was going fine. They made batter and poured it into pans, just like the video they were watching on Steve’s tablet.
“I don’t. I’m just more comfortable in a shirt. I get cold.” He slid his hand down between them and Steve forgot about his chest, for a while anyway.
He didn’t bother with the lights at first, then he realized that someone was in the room with him. Fear shot through him at first. He could summon his suit in moments, but even that might be too late.
Tony pulled back from the kiss and looked into Steve’s eyes. “I’ve been waiting forever for you to do this.”
Tony’s eyes widened a little at the sight of him up close. “You’re a big one, Cap,” he said, not taking his eyes off Steve’s cock as Steve absently ran his hand up and back down the shaft, sort of offering it to Tony.
“So good, Steve,” Tony whispered as Steve rode him harder, moaning with his mouth against Tony’s face. “Come on, baby,” Tony heard coming out of his own mouth. “Ride me hard.”
Tony tried to keep his breathing even and tried not to move.  But his heart was racing.
He just wasn’t sure how to approach Stark after a night like that.
“I’ll stop trying to keep you sober all the time, if you’ll come to me sober like this,” Steve told him as he led him across the small room to his narrow bed.
Steve nodded. “Anytime, Tony.”
Steve sort of forgot about it, being busy with saving the world a few more times in the next few days. But Tony, apparently, did not.
Tony took him into his mouth and wrapped his hand around the part that didn’t fit in, moving both hand and mouth in tandem. Steve was holding tight to the headboard and appeared to be trying hard not to move yet. Tony saw that he was biting his lower lip like he did when he was nervous or stressed.
“Me either,” Tony said as he kissed Steven’s lips one more time.
“Take me, Steve. I want you inside me now.”
Tony nodded. Even here, he suffered from insomnia a lot and when he did sleep, it tended to be early morning until near noon. He was pretty sure Steve was like most old people and got up before the sun every day.
“You okay?” he asked, eyes never leaving Tony’s nicely formed ass.
“If I’m going to hell, this is the way I want to go,” Tony told him as Steve rubbed his cheek over the springy, dark hair around Tony’s cock.
“Oh yeah. I’d be disappointed if you didn’t,” Tony murmured just before Steve leaned close and kissed his lips. He put his arms around Steve and pulled him closer, kissing him back with quite a bit of enthusiasm.
“Look at me, Steve,” Tony said. “Let me see you when you come.”
“Uh, me. Go out with me.”
“Tony, why did you bring him here?” Steve was still annoyed. That much was very clear. He wouldn’t look at Anthony and barely looked at Tony.
He ran the sink full of water and found his shaving cream. He lathered his face and picked up his razor. His hand shook so bad that he was sure he’d cut his own throat. But he didn’t care. He brought the razor to his cheek.
Steve laughed. “Nothing is ever really simple with you, Tony.”
Steve blushed.
Steve led him to the bed and they both lay down. He moved Tony onto his back and he began to kiss him, lips first then he worked his way down to Tony’s chest and the round pink scar where the reactor had been. Tony opened his eyes to see Steve kiss his way around the ring, trailing his tongue over the slightly raised area.
They were eating sandwiches at the schawarma place after another mission. It had become a tradition after the battle of New York. They’d stopped an incursion of some enhanced individuals at a military base that housed some experimental weapons based on alien tech.
“We’re going to meet Steve.”
He smiled at Tony. “Be careful.”
“Wanna come down to the shop while I work on my suit?” Tony asked Steve. “You might need some pants. Bruce wanders in once in a while. We certainly don’t want the Hulk lusting after you.”
“Not sure any of that matters anymore,” Tony told him, still holding his hand, still looking at him.
Tony tugged at Steve’s black T-shirt, pulling it up, baring the skin of his hard stomach. He pulled it the rest of the way up and over Steve’s head. Steve’s skin was so warm and the muscles beneath it so firm. How he had missed this.
“Maybe we can figure it out,” he said, reaching for Tony’s hand.
For once, Tony was quiet as Steve unbuttoned his vest and removed his string tie, pausing to kiss him several more times. He unbuttoned Tony’s white shirt and ran both hands over his smooth chest. He pulled his shirt tail from his trousers then unbuttoned his brown pants, noticing that Stark was already hard beneath them. Tony kicked his trousers away when they fell to his ankles.
“Why?” Tony handed the pot to Steve. “Get me ready. I’ve been thinking about this for months. Haven’t you?”
“I love you,” Steve whispered as he spilled himself between them.
“Well, of course you wouldn’t. You’re me. But he’s mine.”
Tony Stark had coffee in his veins. It was that simple. No one could stay awake as much as he did and not drink copious amounts of coffee. They all knew it –
“I’ll leave.” Steve said.
“I’m sorry, man.”
Steve’s own cock felt hard enough to burst. He used one hand to loosen his trousers and free himself to his own touch. He was surprised when Tony reached down and grabbed him by the shoulders, urging him to stand up. He stood and let Tony undress him, gasping aloud when Tony caressed his cock.
He did. Steve loved being fucked, any and every way they’d ever tried it, but Tony’s favorite positions had always been the ones where he could see Steve’s face. Watching Steve come undone was as near to heaven as he needed to be.
“How much longer until its done?” Steve asked aloud.
Steve stood his coat tails whirling around him as he faced his underlings. “Mr. Stark?”
Bucky laughed, his chest shaking with the motion and deepened the kiss. Clint suspected they had some time for a quick make out session before it’s time for bed and Bucky can pretend he isn’t a prefect and Clint can pretend he doesn’t beat the shit out of people for his tuition.
Steve was quiet he couldn’t break out of the instinct of watch and wait. It briefly reminded him of crossing the Eastern lands with Thor. He could not stop waiting. Something was coming. He didn’t know what. It was. It was enemy fire, then assassins, and then any number of odd or absurd missions but behind every jump every shadow there was intent. It was supposed to take three days to reach home base. On the third day they hadn’t even made it half way there. It was making him antsy. He wasn’t able to focus on anything. There was an awareness of his bonds but because there was no battle he didn’t need to hone in on any of them.
Tony took in a deep breath. “You are deeply involved with my third in rank and I am here to… to… give my approval,” Tony gritted out.
Thor's hair brushed Bruce's face as he leaned down.
Clint waddled up and patted the automaton on the leg. “You’re too kind.”
“Ahm not liddle.” Clint giggled leaning against Tony’s shoulder. “Ahm six feet three.”
“200k? I thought we stopped at 100k.” Bruce asked.
The taller one had crossed his arms and was looking more closely at his surroundings. “You’ve got a lot of clout.”
Clint knew he was being played but the arrogance that the man exuded...."Not on your life."
Bucky was asked one too many times about Clint's pregnancy until he threw a chair through a window and screamed. “I want to see my mate!”
“Shut it!” Bucky hushed waving his hands so that Clint knew to focus on him.
“Like my old home.” Tony confirmed.
“I think you’ve had your toys for too long,” Stane said arms crossed.
Tony pressed his palms to the table to repress the shaking. “’Tis not a problem. Make sure this doesn’t reach Stane.”
"Whose body is forever changed because of an act by one man who left shortly after?"
Steve didn’t have the legal right to go up there and make sure Tony was okay. Steve headed up the stairs. He heard voices coming from Tony’s room. Well one voice.
“Semen is a commodity most communities thrive on since it tends to create a lot of work on the other side of such things. Not that your alpha seemed to care about that…Intertwined is the nice way of putting it, I suppose.” Tony said. Steve blushed. Tony leaned in his elbows touching the table. “You do look lovely in that shade of pink, Captain Rodgers.”
Bruce pushed back his glasses and scratched his already incredibly messy hair. “Okay, what’s up then?”
"Stay afraid, my friend," Tony told him smiling manically. He tossed his shirt and pants through the window. "It'll help you while our companionship begins its bloom.
Clint waved away whatever he was going to say. “Whatever. Things have been unusually aggressive and that’s saying something considering this is a fighting ring of four people who the school want to kick their asses.”
“Banner?” Sam asked in disbelief.
Tony bit his lip. “One problem at a time.”
Bucky paused with him. "I'll help you so we can finish in half the time and spend more time on the range.
Thor pulled him into another heavy hug. Bruce was just thankful that his feet were off the ground. “I knew the gods would not have forsaken my manhood.”
“Cold devil.”
“Two marshal’s. I’ve got this.” Steve told him. Tony looked between the two marshal's and Steve. He nodded trusting Steve with the legal procedures and continued on his way. Once the door closed Steve found himself staring at the paper. Tony trusted him. Trusted.
Mr. Stark tilted his head. "What is the endgame of the chase?"
Thor leaned close brushing their shoulders together. “Of course, doctor, I’d love to.”
"Fire away." He ordered. Clint let the arrow fly.
Steve grimaced. “You can’t know that.”
Jarvis' little head nodded. "Bring it here. I will try to get Sir to eat today."
The edge to the sarcastic comment clipped through. Tony flinched and had a small pang of pain hit his head. He stood up.
“Asgard is,” Thor said, “as close to Valhalla as the earth may ever come.” Bruce listened absent mindedly and continued peeling apples for the pie Clint asked him to make. The man would occasionally ask a question that would get Bruce going for a good minute, but most often he would take to describing his homeland and the strangeness that laid there. Bruce would believe it all fantasy except for it paired well with his own unique problem. Bruce liked his presence despite his loud voice and boisterous manners, it probably helped that he looked like the Lady had spent her time with him and then let her children bless him. The gray blue eyes, hair long enough to fall over his wide shoulders and the brown scruff that adorned his square jaw were a testament to such a thought.
"I'm sorry."
“Ah.” Tony said absently patting the flames out with one gloved hand. “Steve, dear, could you have him lay down on one of the tables. I just got the last skin rune done.”
"I eat!" Tony called out.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve’s hand clenched around the towel. “It is what I sacrificed for my country.”
Bruce jerked awake then. “Pie?”
“Okay,” he whispered leaning back on his hands pulling away from Steve’s warmth. He closed his eyes and listened beyond the happenings of the house. Beyond the crickets. Very faintly but getting louder was the distant beating of wings.
"I carried a buck across my shoulders not a week ago, I assure you." Clint said.
Jarvis’s eyes flickered on. Tony felt the air in his lungs leave violently. He was so used to seeing them off that he had forgotten that they had glowed.
"If I hadn't been pregnant you would have never found me."
Tony cracked his neck and look at the spread sheet he’d printed out. “Natasha, I’ll let you give them the news.”
"So, they want me back."
Supper. Meals. Tony remembered that the closest he’d ever felt to his last pack was during meals. It never lasted long there was always a silent hand on his leg telling him to keep quiet, to disengage. The conversation was never for him to enjoy. Bruce set down the dishes sitting on Tony’s right with Clint on his left. Thor sat heavily next to Bucky nearly throwing him off the bench. Laughter ensued while food was distributed and compliments given to his chef.
Steve could feel Bucky's eyes on him. "Besides the obvious, what do you mean?"
Tony rolled his eyes. “I shall take a leap of faith in saying your not looking to create soldiers with my pack, but may I ask would you be willing to bow to me?”
“Already?” Tony said the rune brand hanging limply from his hand and setting some paper on fire.
“For Clint to move you mean,” Bucky snarled.
“Thank you.” Tony said sitting down next to Bruce.
“Ah, I see.” Tony said. Steve kissed his cheek and left to the kitchen.
Tony froze. "Did you find them?" He asked.
"I haven't felt the need to look through their prospects." Tony said.
Clint glared at his homework.
“I too would like to hear the more pleasant stories, if you’d please?” Bruce asked looking up at Thor with eyes so wide and adorable that Tony found himself impressed.
"You're an absolute marvel Clint Barton."
Tony rolled his shoulders and checked how many students had joined them in the sound proofed orchestra room. Enough.
“I have never been able to say no to you when you use my name, Jarvis.”
“You have no idea who wants to murder you?”
Steve watched his pack sitting contentedly letting the bonds grow and solidify.
“Tony! Are you coming?” Bruce asked from the door way. Tony folded the paper and stuffed it in his pocket.
“Yeah, alright.” Bruce said on a deep yawn stretching and revealing he'd been wearing nothing but his cloak. His rather pudgy middle was beginning to round out Tony noticed pulling him up.
“Why would he be furious?” Bruce said. “He could just hire another? Like the one who made your automatons.”
Steve tongued his cheek and turned to Bucky. Thor sat back. T’Challa paid to fight Bruce of Banner. Everyone knew… Why? T’Challa was an excellent fighter choosing to fence as his sport of choice. He could break Bruce in half.
"Out with it, the question could not sour my mood as much as your depressed look has." Tony snapped over dinner. The inn they were staying at had possibly the worst stew Tony had ever graced his pallet. Making it not so much as dinner but rapidly cooling dog food.
Steve nodded and ran. Thor stayed. Watching him curiously. The crowd disbursed until it was just them.
“Aw guys,” Tony said feeling choked up.
"Can you help me carry him to the kitchen?"
“Hey!”
“It’s all I have to give, my lovely angel.” Tony answered.
“Banner.” He said his thick Russian accent. Bruce was beyond introductions. He said something. Maybe. Bruce ran at his abdomen aiming his head at Blonsky’s diaphragm. Blonsky’s breath rushed out but he caught Bruce’s sides. Bruce rammed a knee up and under aiming for his balls. He hit something because Bronsky’s grip loosened and Bruce was able to kick a knee out from him knocking him on his ass. He was finally with in Bruce’s reach. Bruce gripped his hair and began punching and punching. Someone hit him with a pipe from behind. Bruce saw that their arm was close to his face and bit into him. He dragged the arm back so he could continue to punch Blonsky. Blonsky punched him in his diaphram and Bruce released the arm. Blonsky hit him again and Bruce bit his cheek. Blonsky went to hit him one more time but Bruce spat blood in his face and his hands went up to wipe. Bruce began punching again.
“We shut down. A hundred ninety k a piece is enough for eight years despite Tony’s protests.” Natasha said. “We don’t have to hold the bids tomorrow.”
“Hi.” Bruce said.
"I'm sorry." Steve said sitting down next to him. "I cannot advise you on how to pursue this but I can offer you my sympathies."
“What. The. Fuck.” Natasha said again.
Sam and Natasha looked through the stairs and seats of the bleachers and watched the idiots fornicate. Natasha gagged and got up, Sam was already trying to bleach his brain and staggered after her.
“One little nightmare is not enough to scare me away.” Thor said cupping Bruce’s cheeks.
"Over here, Sir."
The sun had reached the trees and the stars were spanning the sky. Thor came to join Steve and Bucky on the porch looking pretty debauched. Steve wanted to say something but left it. Sam and Natasha joined them next Natasha sitting on the railing of the porch. The sun set and lights were lit inside the tavern.
Thor grinned. "It fit before," he said sliding down the bed. "It will definitely fit again."
“I bet you can’t do it again.” Bucky said half to distract himself from the obscene sight of Clint’s body bending itself into new and interesting shapes.
“Isn’t it better here?”
Bruce looked up and caught Thor’s cautious smile. He didn’t have the energy to move, sun lazy and sleepy. “Good afternoon.” Bruce greeted.
“It just looked like—” Bucky tried.
Tony grabbed a paper from the pile and made three simple shapes. “Here copy.” He said flipping the paper over.
“Fight over,” Clint called.
“Yeah. Then we’re at 200k for you, Bruce and Clint.”
"You left an omega up the hill just after his heat. He might have forgiven you, but his pack most definitely want your head on a platter."
Steve looked up Tony's body his eyes leaving a hot trail and licked his lips. He finally reached the other man’s eyes. "My idea of courtship," Steve said falling over Tony so his body covered him, "is that I give you my heart and in return you give me yours."
The beast nodded.
Tony’s fingers blackened with the soot. “Clint and Bucky will have to sort through the house and see what’s usable.”
“Is that all?” Steve asked.
The entire pack let out a series of aggravated yeses.
"Why for?"
"I- uh," Bruce backed out of the carriage carrying an angry squirming Dummy with him. Dummy had clung to one of the ripped pieces of Bruce’s shirts. "Yes?"
“Would you like to enjoy it some more?” he asked his accent carrying over the words and brushing over Bruce’s ear.
“Don’t worry about it.” Tony said guiding him in the direction of their pack.
“I have killed too, it twas my job if you remember.” Thor said pulling on pants.
Steve slid down the side of the ship placing his head in his hands. “We are going back to America to find a man you’ve left after heat and got up the duff. He won’t even look at us.”
"Father's balls no. Apparently sex isn't part of the wooing process according to Mister Rodgers." Tony said taking the opening to pretend he meant something else. He leaned over the counter to look Clint in the eye. "We had some negotiations and as per my request you’re still welcome, Clint. I'll ask Bruce to bake a cake if all the sex he's been having hasn't destroyed his skills with the oven." Clint hugged him awkwardly finally relaxing. Tony hugged back. "You're always welcome here little omega." He whispered. Clint clung to him a little harder after that. He felt a ball of emotion possibly relief choke up his throat. Tony patted his back and pulled away.
"There will be larger packs there too." Bruce said, like Tony actually planned to join a normal pack hierarchy again. Absolutely adorable.
“They’re safe.” Steve reassured.
"I've bedded plenty of people before, during, and after being mated. That's not much of a challenge then, is it, wishful angel?"
"Lady I ask for your grace," he groaned. A foot stepped on to the back porch startling him. He looked up and met the gaze of a tired Doctor Banner holding a food tray. He stood up, but the doctor shook his head.
Tony crouched by him and slapped his face gently.
“Yep,” Tony said popping the ‘p’. He started another game of Among Us.
Bruce nodded and quietly got up to get Thor beer.
Bruce opened and closed his mouth. “I can not bear children this will not be a fruitful relationship, Lord Thor. It would be best if you walked right out that door and never looked back.”
Bucky turned around his back hitting Clint’s chest. Bucky was becoming uncomfortably aware of how their arguments usually led to sex.
“No? Fight?” The monster shouted disappointed. Sam scrambled back and Natasha stood in front of him holding a gun. Steve didn’t move just stayed close to Tony, taking in his scent.
"Shh...just me." Tony soothed running a hand along Steve's back. Steve sighed his body going limp and falling back onto the bed.
“What’s Ms. Romanov’s name?” Tony asked. He’d never felt the need to confront Steve on this before. He was relatively a neutral playing field despite his need to ruin everything Tony is actively trying to do.
“They burned the house down,” Steve said, “Stane also stole our automatons.”
Tony blinked as though he did not think of it. His ears tinged with pink. "That's fine I do not want to see the colors I just want to see the life. If you'll excuse me I must shower. Meet you at the work shop in an hour."
Natasha nodded her head and placed the money in the hidey-hole in her headboard. She was the lightest sleeper so it made sense to put it there.
Sunday night was tense. Tony watched Nat finish up her fight a little too quickly. Tony swallowed he didn’t have time over the last week while finishing up his thesis on bio mechanical engineering to actually look into what Stane was planning. Not that anyone would tell him if he asked around. He might have a lot of money but his pissy holier than thou attitude tended to push other people away… Or at least that's what he thinks might have happened. He didn’t like his peers anyway. At least he had Nat. Clint's forgiven him. Bruce maybe…Tony pushed his hair back from his face. God he was starting to depress himself.
“And?” Steve prompted.
“What, may I ask, is that point?”
Tony was hot his skin fevered. He must go. That was all there was to it. The world moved around the feeling and he barely even felt his flesh and bones shifting or being moved. His children. They are just beyond. Only a little farther. He must go. No matter how this physical world pulls upon him. Their pain is greater. Time passed he's sure but it felt as if in one breath he had found Sam and Natasha in the woods and the next there was a clearing with a large tent and Tony darted forward despite all the shouts and howls for him to stop. They were just right there.
“What?” Sam asked.
“I shall miss him.”
Tony rolled over and arched his back in a titillating fashion. "Court me properly? I thought you wanted your mark on me and heavy with child like a Neanderthal. It would be much easier to accomplish this if you rested your sword between friendly thighs."
“I thank the heavens my ears are not as good as yours, fair lady, or I would have had to cut them off.”
“Silly devil, you’re not that old.”
Mate. Bruce thought.
Sam and Bucky follow him out. The door to the dorm slams shut behind them. Steve stops walking and wrapped an arm around Bucky’s neck.
“I’ll ask Bruce to bake you something sweet, to cover the foul taste of death,” Clint called back beginning his washing once again.
“Tony,” Steve said gently during one of Tony’s pauses. “It’s not just you and your wounds that you have to worry about.”
“I’ve been shot.”
Bucky eyed Tony coldly. He shrugged. "Right."
Tony smiled at the warmth of affection filling him. He watched Jarvis’ steady slotted eyes flicker for a moment. He patted the automaton’s leg once more and left him.
“Why for?” Thor said brow bunched and confused.
"That's not important, where are the Wilsons?"
"The smell of missed opportunities, sweet innocent angel." Tony corrected leaning on the bannister.
Tony pressed the metal head to his and sighed his shoulders drooping. “We are both so wretched.”
The taller one side and rubbed his thinning hair. “We’ll need a written statement and then you’ll have to go to the federal court sometime in spring.”
"Sorry, I hadn't meant to startle you," Bucky said. Clint slugged him hard, his gut clenching in a nerve-wracking fashion. The feeling left him, and he rubbed his hand steadily over the mound. Okay. All done.
Bruce woke up sweaty. It felt as though he slept too close to the fire place for too long and he tried to scoot away. Only to find the weight on his chest to be an arm pulling him back. The solid weight of the other man and his heady smell of humidity was a balm and Bruce relaxed once more into the heat.
“We can’t open a tavern.” Bruce said laying down and ignoring his food.
“Captain Rogers?” The smaller marshal asked once Tony was out of the room.
They need me!
"He was never that smooth as a kid," Bucky said chest naked and heading to the kitchen.
He pulled out a paper and pen and began writing
They reached the entry way and Sam the gentleman held the door for her as she walked in. “Thanks.”
Tony was deeply unimpressed. “I am looking at you.”
“She did not stay.”
“How could you know? He might be giving an all clear.”
"The hostiles," Steve started then stopped. Dear lord. He could not drop it. He tried again. "The omegas are within reason to view us as such."
Bucky nodded to him, then turned to Steve and nodded again saying "This is for you I believe." Then walked away.
“Bucky’s very possessive.” Steve said instead of pinching the bridge of his nose like he wanted to do.
"Four days?"
He walked out without another word and left Steve alone in the small office. Steve sank into his chair. He remembered the man consumed in his work at the Smith he built in a barn and the man who cruelly suggested he'd see Clint's children as viable soldiers and the man who blushed when embarrassed.
“I know what I said. I don’t trust people. I gave you what I thought was right three days ago.”
“Why can’t you just pay—”
Bucky coughed. “I would like to stay.”
“I’m in pain.”
Tony sobbed. He couldn’t stop. “They took them. He’s going to kill them.”
Tony’s eyes widened. He shook his head. No. Stane smiled and forced him so that his back was on top of the desk Stane resting between his thighs.
"My alpha was rich, but it was I who made the steam powered carriage, Dr. Banner."
Bucky shrugged.
Steve’s hand squeezed around Tony’s and he brought it to his lips. “Hush, first we complete our pack then we pick up our home.”
“Are you going to help or not?” Tony asked.
"No," Tony answered.
“Whadaya’ want?” The man asked his voice husky from cigarette abuse.
Steve was right to stay in the farmhouse. Tony was non-stop. He was up writing things down and melding things, the sound of his hammer heard ringing through all hours of day and night. Occasionally he'd collapse on top of Steve in the cot with Dummy pressed between them. Then he'd be up once more his minds pace almost audible in its whirl. Steve sketched and checked on the pack making sure that they were doing well. He also grabbed Bucky a few times for Tony to make measurements and one time take blood.
“I think,” the omega whispered. “you may be right.”
“This is the first and last time,” Bruce muttered but let Thor take in the joy and relaxed for the first time since his mate left. He had missed the over enthusiastic puppy in his kitchen and stepping on his toes. The monster had been grumpy and thus made him grumpy and he was certain that he might have been unbearable to be around. None of that mattered now that his mate was home. He closed his eyes and breathed in the smell of rain and lightning.
Tony’s hand clenched around notes their barely there edges disintegrating in his fist. “Even if I get them back, what is there to bring them to? A burned carcass of a home? It’d take me years to get the house back to what it once was. If we leave to find another, we’re going to be raising babies on the road in winter. What if they die? Then there’s the weight of two automatons and what if we move to a town and they start wondering—”
Bruce gave him a pitying look but started to clean him up.
Bucky grabbed his hands. “What?”
“This was my old covert op’s team before Latveria shifted from Herasil to Rance.” Steve explained gesturing to them. “This is Lord Thor Odinson. He became my battle partner with the war became small battles looking for wayward troops.”
“Beta’s,” Sam said turning a page in his book and then returning his hand to Natasha’s knee.
"Fine," Clint sighed.
“Stay?” Clint dropped the vest he’d been scrubbing. “Are you mad?”
“We must leave soon.” Natasha said. “He’s probably not expecting us so quickly.”
"This morning and afternoon he spoke of his home and it wasn't until...later," Bruce choked his head about to pop. "That it occurred to me that he might want me to follow him to his Homeland."
"I know your body too. It fit once," Thor said leaning close his lips brushing Bruce's. "My manhood will fit again."
Steve reached up and placed a hand on his cheek and wiped away tears. “You protected what’s yours.” Steve was cupping his face. “You can’t go back.”
Bruce tapped Thor’s shoulder with a mug so large Tony guessed Bruce modified one of their pitchers. Thor took it and slammed it on the table with a rambunctious ‘thank you.’ Bruce calmly sat back down, and everyone waited in anticipation while Thor took an excruciatingly long gulp. Tony felt himself actively get gray hairs. Thor set the mug down. Clint inhaled audibly.
“It really is fine. The only thing I’m worried about is that my student might fail his exams.” Bruce said shoving his notebook back into his backpack.
“I want to go to art school.”
Tony didn’t know what to say to that. He was feeling a lot of things right now that he had no idea how to parse out.
“You underestimate me, Dr. Banner.”
“Fine,” Bruce sighed.
Tony eyed him. The man had his gaze fixed on his hands, shoulders pulled in. He was scared. For whom, Tony couldn't say. What he could say on the other hand… "Travel companion then?" It was less solid than pack but... Jarvis' head creaked up at him perceptive as always.
Tony choked for the second time that night. “More royalty at the table? Do tell?”
“I like it. Must be freeing knowing my father’s company isn’t monitoring you everywhere you go.” Tony said.
“You trying to make me jealous,” Bucky murmured marking Clint’s neck.
Steve walked up to him and wrapped him in a hug. “Then why?”
Captain Rodgers coughed. “Right, well. We would like to stay is what I was trying to get at.”
Steve closed his eyes and allowed himself a single moment of pure grief. He was going to miss the sounds of clockwork running the house, the quiet voice informing Dummy to stop and the intelligence beyond its small frame. He gasped then squeezed Tony tighter.
“I was cursed by the Father. My wolf is not…me.” He tired again.
Steve let go of Stane and went to stand behind Tony. Stane pulled himself up his shoulders shaking with good humor. He dusted off his suit.
He strode up behind Steve and looked over his shoulder. "Not exactly what I wanted but I'll take it," Tony said stroking his goatee.
Tony set down his tools and stood at the end of the table drawing everyone's attention. “You're leaving. How long?”
“Unconscious.” Natasha said.
“That is why, dear, I want them dead.”
Tony looked back at Clint. No, with no Shield he had to be out of birth control and Bruce might murder the man which would solve a problem… but that man also had a ring so that would only cause more. Tony closed his eyes and took a breath. Duty calls.
They were headed to a city surrounded in lights and laughter. The sky was darkening to dusk almost behind them and Tony pushed forward regardless dead set on sleeping in an actual bed. He wanted a shower. A meal made of seasoned meat. Or let the heavens bless him with stew. Any kind. To town they went. Bruce was so haggard he didn't even put up a fuss when they pulled over to refill the carriage.
"Your alpha," Bruce said knowingly. He brought Clint in for a hug. "Don’t worry. He'll find them."
"How did you not know you were pregnant?" He scolded.
"Possibly not," Clint said placing his hands on his stomach. The twins were busy from all the excitement.
“Look,” Bruce said, “Paw Patrols on.”
“That is all well and good.” Thor said picking through their belongings. “But your smell deceives you.”
"What happened to your alpha?"
“You smell like someone else.” Stane said. Tony opened his mouth to protest but all that came out was a startled pained gasp as Stane bit into the flesh of his neck and shoulder re-marking him. No. No. No, no, no, no…
Natasha crossed her arms. “What’s with him?”
“Call 911!” Natasha screamed.
Steve moved past cross and kicked the moving body over. It grunted and felt more like plywood than flesh. Steve crouched by the other body flipping it over to find Tony.
Tony looked away blushing. “I do rather like you Steve and may even come to—well we’ll never know.”
Steve punched him right under his ribs where his arm was missing. “You got him pregnant!?!”
Three days into their journey Tony had an epiphany.
“My heat never came.” Tony said continuing to polish.
Bruce nodded and left.
“Is that going to become a problem?” He asked leaning his elbows on the porch gate.
"Did you get it all out or do I need to invest in another pair of shoes?" Tony asked face twisted in disgust.
Chat with me. I always respond to questions.
“He’d going to cheat.” Nat whispered.
Thor frowned his wrist flicking the knife easily. “Verily.
"Him." Clint stressed.
Natasha and Tony exchanged looks. “We disappear and close down.” She said.
“Steve.” It’s Tony. Steve doesn’t have to check he knows that he’s functional. A hand was placed on his shoulder, then another until they wrapped around the back of his neck thumbs just under his jaw pushing his face up. Steve met Tony’s brown worried gaze.
There was a sharp crack as glass shattered behind them and Tony whirled around to catch Stane’s pack throw booze and lit matches into his house. Tony ran to the door only to be tackled by Stane face shoved in dirt eyes unable to leave the flames as they grew higher and higher. Stane sat on his back and pinned his struggling body.
"Oh, satirical devil." Steve said turning to look at Tony. They grinned at each other.
Bruce nodded and a look of determination closed over his face. “Okay.”
Next fight was Clint and some senior who liked to punch in his words ‘fags’. Tony might actually watch. This one should be interesting to say the least. Their fighting ring consisted of four fighters, Natasha, Clint, Bruce and Tony. There were two fights every Sunday with rotating fighters you could either fight or bet against. If a student would want to fight at the first of every month there was a bid for the maniacs out there of which there were more than Tony had thought possible. He shouldn’t have given the repression that all boys elite schools create and the near cult like mentality of those who thought they were better then the ones on the bottom. Tony wasn’t on the bottom. He was just as rich and caustic as the kids he mocked and looked down upon.
The taller marshal gestured for his partner to stand. “We”ll see you soon with your court date,” he said tipping his hat.
Clint finally turned his head to look at Bucky and found himself nose to nose with him. Bucky was smiling. His hair was curling from sweat.
“Lord Stark,” Thor greeted and then continued on his path.
“It was a rough estimation.” Clint said backtracking.
Steve followed him head ducking down. “You may call me Steve then, Anthony.”
Bucky sat up abruptly. Clint turned away. Bucky caught him by the scruff of his neck.
“How can he talk?” Whiny—Hammer said.
"My 'good-bye'," he said simply.
Stane’s smile deepened. “Right.”
Sam and Steve shared a look. T’Challa?
Steve chuckled. "Ah yes. The man who bought that sign there wanting to hide when it's all the wood carvers going to be speaking about for the next month."
“The money.”
Tony watched him leave and realized he would die before letting Steve’s plans for him fail. Cool. That’s new. He also has an ass that wouldn’t quit.
Steve took a deep breath. “Dummy’s been breaking the barn with worry, Tony.”
“Don’t worry babe,” Clint said aiming. “I got this.”
"By who's standards?"
“Now what?”
Bucky waved him off standing up. “Was fantastic, Clint is very,” he paused as he opened his drawer. “Athletic.”
“You’ve been lying to us.” She said.
Tony shrugged and Clint and Natasha patted his back. “The one and only.”
Hot breath alerted Clint to Bucky’s proximity. “I think it is time for us to leave.”
Steve hadn’t looked up from the sketch and that right there just wasn’t right. The air was fresh, Tony’s current project was done, and he had all the time in the world. He needed some attention.
"Aye."
“So, it would seem.” Steve said sardonic. “With that in mind I think it is time that we take our leave.”
Steve held back the urge to shift uncomfortably. Automaton or not Jarvis seemed to have kindness and empathy meaning if he had something to say it was probably important. "Of course." Steve said softly.
Her angelic voice rang through him and he felt the faintly familiar stirring within his loins. It’s not happening again. Not with… It’s just a mind trick. You took your suppressant and birth control not a day before. Just like that it was gone. Tony shifted back. He got off the bed and put on the first pair of trousers he could find and pushed back his hair.
“I fear I might be dying.” Bruce said.
“Tony Stark, is out here, incapacitated.” Wilson clarified.
"Or you could just let me draw you."
"Steve."
Bruce was staring at him again that night. A look that meant he wanted to ask something but wasn't sure if he could. It was like a confused watermelon. It depressed Tony to see it.
“Fine,” he said around a yawn. “Let’s open a tavern.”
He turned to Bucky. "I'm also looking forward to building a house and you an arm. I'll start giving you my sketches. If the pack is expanding we all can't just live in the tavern we're going to need houses for us to thrive in, isn't that right?"
Clint perked up. “Chomper!”
“Good idea.” They all shifted then needing the extra fur against the flurries that had become more prominent during their conversation. Steve laid down first then Bucky, Natasha next and Sam, Thor came last keeping them all warm. Steve didn’t sleep immediately but stayed awake to relish in the face of group comfort. Pack. He’d been but a boy since he had one of those and he would love to try to have one once again.
It was after that that the judge called it a just pack war and let them be on their way. It had been a month long journey to the big city and then three months in civil court talking to judges and marshals and signing treaties and land over. There was so much land. They needed money more and now they had enough notes to live comfortably until their grandchildren died. Steve was legally allowed all of Tonys property since they were claiming that he killed Stane and got Tony as a prize. It made him sick to his stomach but it wasn't as if they'd believe Bruce Banner was able to rip a mans head off.
Clint smiled and came over pulling a rag over his nose and mouth. “Hand it over, Stark everyone knows you can’t clean.”
Clint sighed but did as told.
Thor nodded. “Alright.” He rolled up his sleeves and held out his arm as Tony flung things off his desk until he found a knife.
“I would never take what’s yours.” Tony soothed.
Clint and Bucky were standing in the middle of the woods arguing when they saw the group leave the school.
Bruce and Clint mirrored her sentiments. Tony pushed his hands through his hair. “My fear is, that who ever is doing this isn’t trying to shut us down but instead trying to ignite violence against us. Shutting down might not stop them.”
"I have thought about it long and hard." He boomed. "But I shall make Bruce of Banner my mate. He smells of strength and is brighter than the sun."
“Bucky ain’t a snitch.”
“Fuck,” Thor grunted his thrusts becoming uneven.
“I am sickened and saddened by this lack of trust. But mostly,” Tony sniffed, “I am disgusted that no one told me so we could use this as a spy opportunity.”
“I’m so sorry.”
“Steve,” Tony tried again. The other alphas backed off because Tony had waved them off. He recognized some of them and knew who they were worried about.
Bruce snuck back into the woods to look for Tony. Clint and Natasha were forced to cover for Tony’s disappearance and Bruce was the only one with a shit enough roommate to get away with sneaking into the woods. Natasha had vaguely described where to go but Bruce was also dodging around prefects who were searching for some of the drunken stragglers. Where the fuck was he? Did he get picked up? That wouldn’t be so bad, but the way Natasha described his unseeing eyes made Bruce worry. He’d had his fair share of concussions but the horrid ringing noise that came after Stane had knocked Tony down was still blasting through his ears. A roll of quarters, holy shit. Clint and Natasha couldn’t watch as well in the woods given the lack of lighting and crowd control of open areas. Even then it would have been hard to see when and how Stane got the quarters in the ring. Fuck. Bruce stopped and leaned against a tree.
"Doctor!!" He shouted done with the situation as Clint collapsed against the wall they had barely set up. Tony caught it before it could fall on him. They hadn't set in the plaster. "Bruce!" He screeched trembling under the weight of the wall. Bruce slid into the room just in time to see Clint's eyes roll back in his head as he fainted.
Wow. He really fucked up his leg. He should really wear the boot. Nope. He needed to look too okay. Much too okay. Even with him missing a week of classes he needed to look in perfect health. Even with his healing bruises around his jaw.
"No." Bruce groaned. Was he really that big? He couldn't be that big. Bruce doesn't remember him being that big. Wait. Is he in rut? That only happens when omegas are in heat. Bruce is most definitely not in heat. Bruce wiggles trying to get away. "I mean yes."
Clint squinted at him. “I’m more useful if I stay on the top floor with my bow.”
They had left the war torn country over a month ago and had not seen a soul along their path to the coast. Thor heaved a great doggy sigh and stood up towering over Steve’s not so slight form.
Tony waved away Steve's non-answer. "Pick this up please?"
Bucky winced. “He was…is my lover.”
Tony and Natasha shared a look. “Fine.”
Bruce and Clint wrapped arms around him in a big group hug.
Tony blinked. “Stay?”
He walked back to the tavern and straight to his room, lighting a lamp and drawing once again. He awoke on his desk the next day. He was up and thundering down the stairs to the kitchen without forethought, grabbed two bowls of porridge almost dropping them onto Jarvis when he kicked open the barns doors and then settled down to draw again.
Tony held out the sign. "Isn't it marvelous?"
Tony's hands clenched he forced himself to smile. He stood up pushing the chair back.
He could not so he went back to the tavern and found Thor flipping his hammer a mulish expression on his face.
The two Marshal’s exchanged looks. “So, it could be said in self defense.”
"Oh, this is not the finished product," Steve said not looking away from his picture. "It's a warm up."
” Bruce shouted. His shoulders straightened and his body was tensed ready for a fight. The four other boys took an instinctual step backwards. Bruce shook himself. “I’m really worried. It’s kinda cold and what if he’s dead.” His voice was quieter and his shoulders wrapped around his heart once again.
“Then what!”
Clint's lips twisted. The letter again. He rolled himself up into the sitting position. "My bags have been lost many a times over the months. If there was a letter it would be gone but there wasn't because I checked." Cold and alone in a place very similar to the one they now lay. Clint frantically checked his bags. He found a coded letter from Natasha about finding a leader and then coming back for him. Then nothing but clothes and fletching repair scraps.
"Lieutenant Barnes." Steve closes his eyes and hid his wince. It had been a long night and an eventful morning. "Bucky, I mean." He amended.
"An unorthodox but useful pack."
“The building sir. I’d like to buy it.”
“I must leave,” Sam said looking towards the sky. “He’ll be here day after next. I pray for what happens next.”
Clint flipped him off before his hand returned to his knees and he was vomiting once more.
"Never been called a bitch before, Captain? I have to say it's quite a ride."
“It is better if I stay with, Sir. If you don’t mind. He burns himself less often when I’m here to keep Dummy at bay.” Jarvis said. He tinkered closer and handed Dummy’s claw something which the bot threw then caught and threw again. Jarvis watched over his little metal buddy.
"You never said anything about
The breath all but bursts out of Tony in a gust, and he leans his forehead against Steve's shoulder. The hand not currently holding him intimately rests on Steve's bicep and squeezes lightly. "Yeah…."
and closes the distance between them, finally, for the first time in his life, initiating a kiss rather than passively receiving one.
"Don’t you want to touch me, too?" Tony coaxes gently, then. The tenderness he finds in Tony's face when he finally
thinking about, however, is the twitch of attraction he gets, those few times they're alone, whenever Steve sees Tony doing his genius thing. It's a strange sensation that hadn't been there often--and shouldn’t be there with a man as arrogant and self-centered as Tony Stark. It doesn’t matter anyway, Steve tells himself, and shoves all irrelevant thoughts aside. Tony is off limits with a girlfriend.
"I can do it," he asserts, and Tony nods his head and makes himself comfortable, sprawling loose limbed before him. Steve swallows thickly and sets the supplies aside, letting his hands slide from Tony's abdomen and down his thighs, tracing along the inner thighs towards the center, but not touching him intimately yet. Instead, he pushes his hands lower, cupping Tony's ass. He watches his own hands, sees everything in the dim light. The hang of Tony's balls, the tightening at the base of his hardening cock, the trembling, tight ring of muscles. He slides his thumb gently from under Tony's balls towards the back, and Tony makes an obscene noise, drops his head on the bed.
They get out of the rest of their clothes in short order, resettling on Steve's bed, and he lowers himself on top of Tony, lets their bodies slot against one another enticingly. He wants to savor this for as long as he can have it, but Tony soon starts writhing beneath him
look up is so reassuring that Steve can't find it in himself to resent it. He nods faintly and slides his hand over Tony's chest, mindful to steer clear of the reactor. He wants to touch it, but he doesn't know how Tony'd feel about it.
"I’m fine. We’re both fine," Tony tells him, and it looks like he's ready to say more, but he closes his mouth before any more can come out.
"Okay," Steve answers, breathless, and leans down to trace kisses along Tony's neck. "I've got you."
"Tony?" It startles out of him, and he realizes this is the first time Tony's called him by his first name.
Steve thinks this is probably where they forget about the shower. Later he will wonder how they could even get each other off in that condition, but at the moment he's just mesmerized by every tiny reaction from Tony at the slightest change in his grasp.
"Right," Tony finally says when the silence has grown so large that Steve isn't sure how to break it. "You wanna shower first? Not that I’d mind being filthy for this..."
"Let me help you out of this," Steve says against Tony's lips, his hands reaching for Tony's shirt to start working it open. Finally, hands rest on his side, and Steve pulls a little back to offer a small smile. "Okay?" he asks as he pushes his hands under the shirt, reaching for his shoulders to slide the item off. Tony cooperates, sends him a wavering smile back and doesn't mention the disappearance of the blue circle from his chest. Steve doesn't comment on it either. He'd been curious, but a small part of him is relieved to see it gone.
"No," Steve cuts in immediately. "You don't really want me to." And judging by the smoothing at the corners of Tony's eyes and his forehead, the lose of that pinched look, it's the right call. Maybe… Maybe some day Tony would trust him enough for that, but there's no point in pushing any unnecessary boundaries. "Let me…" he says then, sliding his hands along Tony's sides, his thumbs mapping out the outline of Tony's body until he reaches his hips again. He lets his right hand trail inwards along the lower abdomen before wrapping his fingers around Tony's hardened cock.
Tony doesn't laugh.
"She doesn't want to know, to be honest, but, no. She doesn't mind it." Steve turns to look at him and sees silent hope in his eyes, a tentative lean forward as he shifts his weight to his toes. Steve thinks
Tony sucks in a breath, and Steve feels himself flushing with strange satisfaction. It's not often that he gets naked in the presence of others, and he likes that he can affect Tony like this. When he reaches for Tony's shirt, though, two firm grips at his wrists stop him, and Tony gives him a pointed stare. Steve just casts him a quizzical look in return.
When he looks up, Tony is smirking. "Oh. You liked that one." It's not a question, so Steve doesn't grace it with an answer. He simply pulls at the shirt once more, and Tony finally relents, lets him get it off.
Pepper right now.
it was going to be," Steve counters, then tilts his chin up slightly. "And you're here now."
When Tony's hand starts moving on him, Steve realizes just how turned on he is by the whole thing. He's as hard as he can ever remember himself being, and Tony's warm, calloused hands handle him just right. When he finally comes undone, he can feel Tony's eyes on him, and it only enhances the flush of completion. He sags a little against Tony after, distantly impressed that Tony is able to keep them upright.
It's a massive room with more showerheads than Steve thinks a shower-room calls for, but he doesn't say so. The light here is oppressive, much brighter than the bedroom, and when Steve turns to the mirror he sees them standing right next to one another, shirtless, their torsos and faces speckled with bruises and scrapes, some deeper than others. He's about to say something, question their ability to do anything under these circumstances, but Tony wraps a firm hand around Steve's bicep and turns him away from the mirror.
"I'm not freaking out," Steve says flatly, letting his hands drop but not moving away. He's… curious. Tony doesn't lean in again, so Steve stays where he is. "I just don't understand. I thought you hated me…"
"Fuck… That was…" Tony mumbles, lips pressed against the hollow of Steve's shoulder. A moment later, he straightens and glances between them. Steve wishes he'd have finished that sentence, but when Tony looks at him next, he's grinning languidly. "Your turn."
"We can go slow," he says instead. "We don't have to do anything you don't want to." He seems to hesitate before adding, "Or I can just go--"
Steve tells himself he's not disappointed at the lost chance to press his lips on Tony’s mouth.
"Wanna do mine?" he asks then, and Tony's eyes snap open. There is a beat, and somehow, the intense expression on Tony's face says everything. Steve reminds himself sternly that this is nothing more than friends helping each other out a little more intimately than he's used to, but he can’t help feeling the heat pool much lower in his body when Tony briefly presses their lips together.
They hadn’t communicated much ever since Steve moved to DC, and after the big event with the Mandarin, there had been complete radio silence. It was nothing Steve hadn't expected, really. Whenever they’d talked, it had been strained and distant despite what had transpired between them. Perhaps Tony had been worried that Steve would talk to Pepper about it, or maybe it was just that their night together hadn't been so good for him. In any case, Tony had refused to meet, and eventually Steve stopped asking. And then Tony was gone.
“Wonderful. I have closed my eyes a lot of times since we met and pretended some tall blond man was you.”
If he could only keep him sober.
Over the next few weeks, the sheriff found all sorts of excuses to have Stark help him out during the day. He also found himself wondering how it felt to kiss those lips, to hold Stark in his arms. He was beginning to not only like Tony, but he was also starting to want Tony. He’d been alone way too long.
“I know you’ve been dating all these gorgeous women lately, but I was wondering if you’d consider going out with someone older, not as pretty.”
Stark drank his coffee, nodded to the sheriff and headed back to the smithy. Steve finally settled on some dry toast and a second cup of coffee before he went back to the jail.
Steve got popcorn and sodas for them, even though Tony was sure he was too stuffed to eat a bit more. He ate a little simply to be polite, but that wasn’t a problem since Steve ate the rest of the popcorn all by himself.
They kissed again and Steve stood up, reaching for Tony’s hand.
Sheriff Rogers followed him.
Steven and Tony delivered the mail, talked with the residents and listened to their concerns. Tony was even pressed into service to hold one of the newest residents for a few moments while his mama read her mail.
“Not since Killian tried to blow me up.”
Tony turned to him. “Do you? What do you get, Rogers? You wouldn’t even look at me after I let you come in my damned mouth, for fuck’s sake!” Tony hadn’t even known how angry and hurt he was that Steve had refused to look at him until it spewed out of him.
Tony (for some crazy reason) had his Iron Man gauntlet in the kitchen and used it to snatch the flaming cake from the oven as Steve sprayed it all with a fire extinguisher.
Anthony Stark was a brilliant man and Steven liked him when he was sober. He liked him when he was drunk, too, but he wasn’t willing to think about that. He was the town drunk and Steven had no business getting mixed up with the likes of Stark. His mouth was going to get him killed someday, and Rogers didn’t intend to be killed along with him.
Steve figured Tony had forgotten all about it by the next day. He was surprised when Tony motioned him to follow him from the kitchen after he’d come by for a fresh coffee.
At Steve’s urging, he moved, slowly, not wanting it to end.  Nature took over eventually and they strained against one another, both wanting that bliss that their lovemaking brought and both wanting it to last longer as well.
Tony stared hard at him for a moment. “Going to show me?” He gestured to his tablet on the coffee table. Steve sat down and took a deep breath. He typed in what he had before and found the same site and same videos. He clicked on one with a tall muscular man and a shorter, slender dark-haired man. This one he’d seen before.
“Sure. We’re gonna get wet, though. It’s about to pour.”
“Honey, I know you’re grieving for your deputy, but do you think drink is the answer?” Her voice was low and her accent made it even sexier than if she’d had no accent. He’d be the first to admit that she’d tempted him more than once. She was voluptuous and way too beautiful for this town.
After they both caught their breath and came back from their orgasmic high, Tony looked down into Steve’s face again. He almost hoped that Steve wouldn’t still look so beautiful to him. He did.
Steve was worried about what Stark might say the next morning when he went to the saloon for a cup of coffee. The thought of food was more than his stomach could handle this morning.
Tony turned and left the kitchen.
When Steve came to shave him, Tony almost told him that he was going to do it for himself but at the last second, he didn’t. He relaxed as Steve shaved him so carefully as they talked about baseball. Tony didn’t care about the sport much one way or the other, but it was wonderful to see Steve talk excitedly about seeing some of the greatest players of all time – Ruth, Gehrig, to name a few.
“They like you a lot,” Tony said. “A couple of the young women were looking at you like you were a brand-new bolt of calico.”
But he never took his shirt off.
In one of the more dramatic parts of the movie, the lawyer is caring for his ill father. Tony took Steve’s hand and held it during that part and other sad parts of the movie.
“What’s that?”
“It’s the farthest place I could find from where and what I was. And no one knows me,” was the answer. Stark offered no details and Steve didn’t ask for more.
They kissed and Tony moved so Steve could get up and dress. He sat on the side of the bed as Steve retrieved his clothes from the other room. Steve brought Tony’s clothes as well.
“You can’t stay. As much as I want you here, you can’t be seen here,” Tony whispered. “We still – you hurt me. Not sure that can ever be fixed.”
“You don’t just sleep. You make sounds – you whimper, you moan, you talk in your sleep.”
They made their way to the bed and fell into in it still kissing. Steve put the vial in Tony’s hand. “Please!  I’ve waited so damned long for this.”
This particular Friday, Tony chose the movie. He wouldn’t tell anyone what it was, least of all, Steve. No one really cared what movie they watched, though Bruce and Natasha both seemed to love Rom-coms a little too much for everyone’s taste.
Tony was as good as Steve imagined him to be, sucking, licking, stroking him all at one time. He made a sound, almost humming as he sucked and the vibrations were driving Steve closer and closer to the edge. He grabbed Tony’s head and fucked his mouth, pressing deep into his mouth, into his throat.
Steve decided that he might give sobering Stark up a try, since Timely, itself, wasn’t enough of a lost cause for him. He figured if he kept Stark busy helping him, he’d have no chance to get drunk.
Tony smiled and took a long pull. “Why not? I think you like putting me to bed,” he said so quietly that only Rogers could hear him.
Rogers thought he might melt at Tony’s attentions. He wasn’t inexperienced but most of that had been hurried blow jobs in the barn or a quick, painful fuck in the bushes while everyone else was asleep while he’d been in the Army. This was different – this was lovemaking – wild and passionate, but tender at the same time. Holding Tony in his arms as they both found pleasure felt like a lot more than lust.
“Gay porn?” Steve asked. His face was pink all the way to his ears.
“Well, I could have gone my whole life without knowing that,” Clint told her.
“Why, Cap?”
“I don’t want to quit though.” Steven said, turning hid head and looking over at Tony. “Do you?”
“Sorry. I don’t think I ever flirted.”
“She had enough of the superhero thing with the Extremis and Killian. She needed a break from me, I guess.”
“Bucky,” Steve answered.
Tony yanked his head down and kissed him again. “I didn’t want to seem pushy. You are a bit skittish, Sheriff Rogers.”
“I can’t – we can’t leave one another again. I thought I’d die when I left you in Berlin. I – it was so sad but I loved you so much.”
Steve pushed Tony against the wall and kissed him, not saying a word before he did so. Tony’s arms came up around his neck as they kissed as if they were both going to die if they didn’t.  Steve slipped his hands under Tony’s ass and lifted him up against the wall.
Those damned tears would not stop! He folded the note and placed it in a box in his dresser drawer, beside a photo of them as Avengers, Steve in his suit and Tony in his armor with his helmet off. They were smiling at one another.
“Why do you drink so much?”
Shit!
Steve nodded and smiled. “I never doubted you. You know that.”
Tony turned around and made a face at him. “I
“You can stay if you want to,” Tony told him as he rolled over to turn off the small lamp by the bed. Tony could still see Steve in the moonlight. He went back to Steve’s arms.
Sheriff Steve Rogers sat in the saloon and ordered a bottle of whiskey. Wanda brought it to him and sat down beside him.
“No. Don’t do that. I came by for a snack. Even I can’t live on coffee and jizz.” He regretted the words as soon as they came out of his mouth.
Much to his own surprise, he grabbed the chair from the vanity and placed it beside Tony’s bed. He sat down. “I don’t think I remember any proper fairy tales, Stark.”
Tony dreamed of Steve that night. It was a sweet dream. They were sitting at a table, talking about – he didn’t remember that part – but they laughed and Steve reached over and held his hand.
“Is it true that you had your heart fixed and all the shrapnel removed?”
Tony grinned and shrugged. “Maybe.”
“I never looked as dapper with a beard as you. I was mostly just shaggy,” Steve said as he shaved Tony’s cheeks above his beard.
Even the best plastic surgeons and all his money couldn’t remove all the scars. The thick ugly ones from the crude surgery in the cave were gone and the new ones were barely discernible, but they were there, pink still and a reminder of his fear and his panic at the things that had happened to him.
“I should go.”
“What is it?” Steve asked when he threw the door open then his jaw dropped. “Oh shit!  You did bring him to meet me,” he said to the right Tony. The real Tony.
Tony knew what he wanted, but he wasn’t sure how fast Steve wanted to move. He decided that it must be pretty fast when Steve pulled him onto his lap with Tony’s legs on either side of him. He felt Steve hard beneath him and knew how damn hard he was himself.
“I – you should stay for a while. I think we might have a lot to talk about,” Tony told him.
Tony looked completely blank. “I don’t remember. All I was interested in was you.”
“Then do it, sheriff. Kiss me.” There was challenge but there was also need in Tony’s words. It was the need that got to Steven.
“Any chance this isn’t water?” Tony has asked him.
He not only smelled something burning, he saw smoke coming from the oven, but he had no intention of stopping now. None at all.
“Can’t you spar with Nat or beat up on Barton sometimes?”
“Ask me anything.”
Tony ordered them both a double shot and they drank, Steve looking into Tony’s eyes. He wanted so badly to ask him if he could come home with him, if he could kiss him dizzy then get naked with him and love him until they were exhausted.
As soon as the door closed, they put their coffees on the small table by the door for keys, coffees and such.
“What?” he asked, trying to keep his voice even. When he’d let himself think about Steve, he hadn’t really thought this far ahead but assumed that Steve would be the one doing the fucking. Not that this was a problem!  Not at all.
Tony.
“I do. Want to go to my bedroom? More room for us there.”
“I’m not asking to be forgiven. I needed to see you, see if you’re well.”
Steve looked up into his face. “I’m glad you trust me, too. I want to feel all of you in my arms.”
“Oh, and Tony?” Steve said as Tony turn to get off the elevator.
Steve smiled at him. “I know we will. We have to, don’t we?” He looked so profoundly sad that Tony felt shocked for a moment. He had not realized how much Steve was hurting.
Which should have been fine, but it wasn’t. Steve Rogers thought about that night at least once a day every day and every single night when he lay down in his narrow bed all alone.
“No. We just sort of fell in together.”
“Need any help with that?” His eyes flew open to see Tony Stark standing in the doorway of his bedroom.
“No. We can shower together. We’re both filthy and I can scrub your back for you.”
Anthony stood. “I can see that I’m not needed here anymore. I’ll let myself out.”
“That’s a new one for Clint. He’ll probably love that one.” Tony was famous for his silly nicknames for everyone. Steve was Capsicle or Old Man most of the time.
“I found this in a box that Sharon sent to me after Peggy died. I got it for her in 1945. She kept it and I want to give it to you,” Steve said in a rush, taking the little silver ring out of his pocket.
Steve didn’t even try to look innocent. He’d never been worth a crap at it.
“Do you smell something burning?” Tony had asked over his shoulder.
That was why Iron Man still existed. It was easier for him to make a suit to fight evil than to admit how badly the things that happened in New York had freaked him out. He barely slept and he jumped at every mention of New York, even when little kids mentioned it.
This went on for weeks, then months. The sheriff began to wonder if it had actually been some sort of alcohol drenched hallucination, after all. There were days he questioned his own sanity.
“What the fuck? Why did you do that?”
That was about as far as he got in his pondering when his body caught up with his hand and he groaned in pleasure as he spilled himself all over his hand.
“Do you have a movie you want to see?” Steve asked Tony.
“How did you know about this place?” Tony asked Steve.
Between kisses, they began to divest each other of clothing until Steve was in his boxers and Tony was down to his underwear and the black t-shirt he’d worn to the movies. He was relieved when Steve made no move to pull the shirt off of him.
Tony went to the vault where Anthony was kept and opened the door. All he had to do to activate him was use the remote in his pocket. He looked at his decoy. He had been aged as time passed so he still looked exactly like Tony. He activated him.
Steve stopped dressing, clad only in his black boxer briefs and moved toward Tony and bed. Tony had no idea that he could be ready again so quickly or so many times, but they made love over and over, until they both slept, exhausted.
“About that coffee?” Steve asked again.
Tony woke beside Steve the next morning. Steve was already awake and smiled sleepily back at him.
“What are you thinking?” Tony asked. Steve looked so self-satisfied.
“Just hopeful,” Steve answered as he pulled Tony close for another standing kiss, this time, their bodies pressed close together.
Stark turned around and looked at him, grabbing his bottle off of the bar and making his way to Steve’s table.
“I thought they were just legends and not real,” Steve answered, never missing a beat with his punches.
But Steven saw the sparkle in his eyes.  What was he up to?
“What’s special about mine?” Tony asked, wondering if they were going to sit here in the dark all night long.
“You have more confidence in me than I did on this one, then.”
“I don’t think so. Tony keeps the good stuff to himself.”
He moved back into Avengers Tower after his home in California had been destroyed by Aldrich Killian. Rogers had moved back, too, after S.H.I.E.L.D. imploded under the news that it had been infiltrated by HYDRA from its beginning.
“We left things – I left you in pain. I didn’t mean to hurt you so much. But I did it anyway. I – sorry isn’t enough.”
Any fantasy he’d had about Steve was not as good as this was. He tangled his hands in Steve’s hair as they kissed, then snaked one hand down between them to take Steve into his hand. As Steve moved atop him, he fucked Tony’s hand.
“I – I needed to see you.”
Tony was still on his back when Steve drizzled lube onto his cock and spread it with his hand, sliding up and down oh so slowly.
“What did you do?”
Tony put his hand to his face and looked at the empty doorway.
“Need some help there?” It was fucking Rogers. Why the hell was he even here? “Rhodey sent me to ask if you think you can eat something a little more substantial for lunch. He said he was going out for cheeseburgers if you want one.”
He peeled his black shirt and underwear off and tromped to the elevator to take him to the penthouse so he could shower. He made it out of the elevator and headed straight for the fridge.
“I didn’t want to be friends with you.” Tony stared at his food again.
Tony shrugged and stood. “I love you and I’d never switch out with him.”
His phone pinged.
Someone sat down on the edge of the sofa near his legs.
Tony was certainly in one of his crankier moods, Steve thought, as he bit his lip and looked the other way for a moment. “It’s hard to make a team of this group when you insist on undermining everything I say.”
Tony sent two big round eyes back.
Steven felt the touch all the way up his thigh. He stood. “Get some sleep, Stark. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“You are a spoil sport, Miss Potts.”
“If you’re coming with, cool bath. I was sure I’d broken my neck the last time we had sex in the shower.”
“Jail or my shop?” Stark asked him.
“I thought I’d let you choose. You did a great job on choosing a restaurant.”
“Pepper hated the reactor and she hated the scar since it was a reminder.”
He wondered if there were boxers with his shield on them.  He was sure he could find a pair or two for Tony. He smiled as he grabbed his keys and headed for this bike.
She patted him on the shoulder and stood. “If you need comfort of another sort, let me know.”
They’d all been through so much and even though they’d made up since Tony figured out how to safely time travel, they hadn’t – well, they hadn’t been together. Tony had moved to the compound, but hadn’t said if that meant he was split from Pepper. That he no longer wore his wedding ring said more.
“Turn around,” Steve whispered in his ear.
Steve shook his head. “Really? Show me?”
“You’re welding a broken handle on coffee urn that no one ever uses since we bought the Nespresso machines.”
Steve pushed him onto the bed and lay beside him, pulling him close for another kiss. “We shouldn’t do this,” Steve murmured against the skin of Tony’s chest as he kissed his way down again to taste Tony once more.
“I don’t hate you, either,” Tony answered him, leaving the end of the sentence sort of dangling.
“Why not?”
“I am. I – I’ve missed you, Steve. You have to know that.”
Even with preparation, it had been a while for Tony and he groaned a little when Steve pressed into him, but a little patience on both their parts eased the way and soon, they were both lost in pleasure, moving together as they kissed and whispered sweet obscenities to one another.
“God!” Steve moaned as his thrusts became erratic and he lost his hard rhythm. Pleasure washed over him as he came in Tony’s grip, Tony coming only seconds behind him as they held one another close.
They set the timer and put their three pans in the oven at about midnight.
“Steve!” he gasped as the pleasure uncoiled and took his breath away. “Oh god, Steve!” He jerked his hips as Steve kept going until Tony was spent and went still. Steve licked him gently, cleaning the last drops of semen that spilled out from his head then looking up into Tony’s eyes.
Rogers?
Steve took Tony’s hand and placed it in his lap. He was big, but Tony already figured that. He was surprised that he could feel the heat through Steve’s trousers, which felt like the grandpa khakis he wore most of the time. Tony ran his hand firmly over Steve and smiled in the dark when Steve made a tiny little sound and flexed his hips up the tiniest bit.
His phone pinged.
“Want to take this to the bedroom?” he asked between kisses.
“Tony, what's wrong with my underwear?” he asked again.
Steve’s mouth dropped open. “What did you just say?”
“We can turn off the video and just listen to the audio,” she said as she did just that. They heard various moans and grunts, then very distinctly, they heard Tony Stark say “Unleash the Kraken”. Next, came peels of laughter that went on for some time and then the sounds became quite unmistakable as Natasha shut the sound off.
“I’m not sure yet. I really like my white briefs, but the boxers feel good.”
Until he did.
“More than the one you stole when you fought Barnes. It’s lighter but stronger. I think you’ll like it.”
“What do you like?” Tony asked him.
All that information certainly hinted at why he drank so much, Rogers supposed. But why did he settle in a place like this one? Timely was not a very nice town. It was in a county and a state run by crooked and greedy men, who treated it as their own personal fiefdoms. Roxxon was as bad as they came, and Steven was sure he was responsible for Bucky’s death though he didn’t have enough proof to take it to a judge.
The third one was the one smoldering in the sink. They’d actually made it right and Tony had finally agreed to leave the temperature at 350 degrees, just like the recipe said.
“You’re the sweetest sin I’ve ever tasted,” Steve said as he took Tony into his mouth once again. He didn’t let up even when Tony arched his hips up off of the bed, grabbing Steve’s head in both his hands and fucking Steve’s mouth.
“Oh, he knew who he was. He tried to take my place. He even fooled J.A.R.V.I.S. into thinking he was me. He changed all my codes and all my security measures so I couldn’t get into my own home.”
“There’s lube in the drawer,” Tony told him.
“What do you want?” he said to whoever was there.
Tony couldn’t believe this was happening and so fast. Steve was all hands and kisses as they landed on his bed. Tony tugged at Steve’s belt just as Steve rubbed him through his own trousers. He could feel the warmth of Steve’s hand through the fabric and he pressed against it.
“I won’t, but I hoped you would.”
Steve closed his eyes when he was done and lay down beside Tony. He didn’t say anything, just pulled Tony close and held him.
Steven thought Stark looked better than he did. He nodded and the bartender poured him a cup of the strong brew. He sipped from the steaming cup and looked at Stark. His eyes were red and his hair was sticking up here and there as if he’d not bothered to comb it. Steven’s hand itched to smooth it.
They both went in the door at the same time, which made for some shuffling to get inside and once inside, Tony handed Steve the bottle he still held onto and the sheriff took another drink from it. He set the bottle on Tony’s workbench and grabbed Tony, pulling him close.
“You’re probably right. I had a lot of time to think these last two years and I’m so sorry. I didn’t know what to do so I panicked.”
“You are an annoying man, Sheriff Rogers,” Tony whispered as reached toward the little table by the sofa. He had a little jar of something in his hand. He nudged Steve up so he could open the little container.
“Sending the links you sent.”
He couldn’t take his eyes off of Steve as he licked and sucked. It was even better than he’d imagined it would be. And it wasn’t going to last long, he feared as he felt that familiar tightness in his balls, that coiling of pleasure beginning deep inside him.
“No, it really isn’t.”
“The internet really is
“You never mentioned her since you moved in here.”
They’d taken that one out and tossed it when the top turned black, but Tony was still not completely convinced that high heat wouldn’t work. And again, Steve had not argued with him at all, just gone along with his hairbrained scheme to make charcoal briquettes of perfectly nice flour and sugar.
Steve was so jealous that it made him nearly sick to see Tony like that. But even worse, it made him so hard that he felt like he was going to explode sitting right there at the table. Tony was gorgeous – looking like he’d been fucked through the mattress.
They moved toward the sofa and Tony sat, making him eye level with Steve’s midsection. He should tell Steve to get the fuck lost. He should call Ross. Instead, he reached his hand out and rubbed Steve through the thick fabric of his black jeans. He looked up into Steve’s face. He unfastened Steve’s belt and unzipped his trousers. Steve shoved his jeans down and dropped to his knees, pulling Tony into his arms.
“What did we have for dinner the last night?”
Steve backed Tony up against the front door and kissed him until Tony wrapped both arms around his neck and sighed.
They got up and Tony noticed Steve grab a vial of something from his jeans pocket before they walked naked (or nearly so) into Tony’s bedroom. “Confident, weren’t you?”
He turned the chair so Tony could see himself as if it were a barber’s chair.
“Little bit, yeah,” Tony told him.
“The Nefarias are trying to take over some old HYDRA bases in Italy and Austria. We probably should move to stop them,” Steve told him.
“We talked about the Maggia. Natasha said you used to date the head of that organization. It might have been helpful to have you there.”
A little while later, Tony lay on his side, trailing his fingers down Steve’s torso. Steve watched and reached for Tony’s hand, bringing it to his mouth for a kiss.
Later Tony lay on his back and Steve had his head on Tony’s shoulder, tracing a circle on his naked chest with his finger.
Stark nodded and they rode on.
He did.
They went to the little apartment off the back of the smithy and climbed into Tony’s bed without even bothering with lights. Tony curled up close to Steve and promptly went to sleep.
“Are you disappointed that I woke up?” Tony asked him, still caressing him through the fabric of his trousers.
“Well, still have, to be honest, but I’m not sure if it’s you or the idea of you.”
“Want to ride out into the country with me today? I’m going to check on the families over the ridge.” Rogers was almost as surprised as Stark was his offer.
Steve got up and roughly shoved his chair back up to the table.
The fabric was darker than his bright blue Captain America suit and it felt lighter to the touch.
“I wanted you to see that he has never taken my place with you.”
when he was drunk enough not to care.
“Dinner and a movie?” Steve ventured with that shy smile.
A hand landed on his thigh, on the outside near his hip. It rubbed quite absently, as if whoever it belonged to was thinking about something else. The person leaned closer to him.
“Like labrats, do you?”
“Anytime.”
Tony looked at it and up at Steve.
They sat at Tony’s bar and sipped their coffees.
The hand slid to the inside of this thigh. “Interested in finding out with me?” Tony was still watching the screen.
Steve crossed the room and put his hands on Tony’s shoulders. He didn’t kiss him, didn’t even hug him. “I’ve been waiting a long time to hear you say that,” Steve said. Then he hugged Tony close and held him for several minutes without saying a word.
“Wanna go t’bed,” Tony slurred at him.
He stared hard at Stark for about ten seconds before he gripped his coffee cup so hard that it exploded in his hand, splattering coffee all over him and the table with bits of crockery. He let the remains of the cup fall, dried his hand on his napkin and headed out of the room like a bat out of hell.
And Steve smelled fantastic. Tony had always wondered what it was that Rogers smelled like. He’d never found a cologne that was even close. He smelled clean and something else, maybe that was Rogers’ own scent.
“You make things hard,” Steve murmured to him.
“Come on then.”
Steve found the ring in a box of Peggy’s stuff that Sharon sent to him. It was a cheap little thing he’d gotten at a street fair in England when they’d been there during the war. It was a simple silver band and it had tarnished over the years. He held it in his palm and thought about the other love of his life.
Tony turned and looked at him. “What was I supposed to say? ‘Hey Cap, how about we put aside that we fight every time we’re within shouting distance of one another and build a relationship?’”
It was almost impossible for Tony to talk about feelings.
“JARVIS insists it’s working at optimum capacity.”
“God, I’ve missed you,” Steve whispered against his cheek just before they kissed again.
Tony opened his legs and wrapped them around Steve’s hips, pressing up into him. Steve moved with him, rubbing hard against Tony’s cock as he continued kissing him. He knew he was completely out of control and he didn’t care. It was the first time he’d felt anything since Bucky’s death and it felt so good.
Stark looked at his cup and answered in a voice almost too quiet to hear. “Making love.”
“When did you shave it?”
“Madame Masque helped me catch him.”
Steve kissed him again.
Neither said anything as the two men on the screen talked some silly chit chat, then they began to kiss and peel one another’s clothing off. Steve found himself watching Tony, who stared with rapt attention at the screen. He also found himself hard again, as hard as he’d been when he saw this one before.
“They look good,” Tony said as he came up behind Steve. He slipped his hands under them and caressed Steve. “Now take them off.”
One thing was certain. All this damn hair on his face was itchy and needed to be shaved. He was going to do it if it killed him. They’d put his ass in a wheelchair after the second time he went face first onto the floor. That was okay. He wheeled himself to the bathroom and looked in his cabinet for his razor. He wondered if it needed a new blade. He decided he didn’t fucking care. He had to get this itchy mess off of his face.
Tony sighed and parted his lips, letting Steven’s tongue slip between them. The sheriff was almost embarrassed by his body’s instant reaction to the kisses. His heart pounded as blood rushed down to his groin. His cock hardened as he tightened his hold on the smaller man.
Tony had JARVIS do a diagnostic.
“I think we have a chance that this will work,” Tony told him.
“I’ll get it for you. I don’t mind.” Steve held his hand out for the razor and Tony reluctantly handed it to him. Steve leaned over him and gently began the process of shaving the scruffiness away. He was very gentle. Tony could barely feel the razor on his cheeks.
Stark texted.
After about fifteen minutes, Tony decided that if they doubled the heat, the cake would be ready twice as fast. And Steve had not argued with him. He’d just nodded like a complete idiot and let Tony turn the heat up as high as it would go.
He was going to shower and go to bed, but the couch was right there and he was so tired, so he lay down.
Steve followed him to the bathroom and motioned for him to sit in front of the mirror as he gathered Tony’s supplies. Tony wet his face in the sink. A barber would steam his face but the water worked just as well. Steve put a towel around his neck and shook the shaving cream. He applied it gently to Tony’s face. Tony closed his eyes and let himself relax as Steve began to shave him. He could smell Steve and for some reason, the other man’s scent made him feel calm.
“You can use the secret elevator if you want,” Tony told him. “Yeah. There’s a secret elevator that goes all the way to the garage with no other stops. It was designed so I could move about in a stealthy way.”
“I do most of those things before you ever get out of bed, Stark.”
“I thought you didn’t want to remember. You never said anything.”
“I want to be with you,” Steve said quietly.
Tony moved onto his back and looked up at Steve, his eyes dark with need, too. Steve lifted his legs up high enough for Steve to guide himself to Tony’s opening. He pressed his head in, moaning at how badly he wanted to just slam all the way in. He didn’t, sliding in slowly and gently instead. He wouldn’t hurt Tony for anything.
“I am, surprisingly so.” His eyes wandered down that torso and those long legs. If only he didn’t remember how those legs felt wrapped around him, how eager Steve had always been to please Tony, to do whatever Tony asked.
He noticed the pale stripe where Tony’s wedding band had been. “Are you sure?” Steve asked him, nodding toward the hand after he’d let it go.
Tony hadn’t thought about that, not that it mattered. “Sorry about that. I was just pulling your chain,” Tony offered.
Tony had been rubbing his nose over Steve’s white briefs and what was under them and had made a comment about his choice of undies.
The two men got large coffees and made their way back outside.
“Pants… we need to get rid of them,” Tony said against Steve’s mouth between kisses. Steve stopped kissing him and tugged Tony’s sweatpants down and off. He unbuckled his own belt and yanked his khakis off without even unbuttoning or unzipping them. He was on top of Tony again in seconds, his hot length pressing against Tony.
“Sent porn links to Rogers?”
“How will I know that for sure?”
Steve had not been at a good stopping place and had answered, “No, not now.”
Steve’s hands were steady and his touch gentle as he shaved Tony’s sideburns and around the little patch on his chin. He finished under his chin and then wiped the extra shaving cream away. Tony washed his face and Steve handed him a towel.
The thing was that Tony couldn’t forget about it. Would Steve turn away in disgust at his scars? He’d seen every single inch of Steve’s gorgeous body and there wasn’t a blemish on it. Anywhere. Why would he want a man who had a huge pink and white ring in the center of his chest?
Damn him!
“Wanna come up to the penthouse? Maybe we can search the internet together.”
“Can I give it to you? You don’t have to wear it or tell anyone. I want you to have it because I love you.” Tony still said nothing and it was terrifying Steve. Had he fucked up and lost Tony again, this time before they even managed to get back together?
Tony shrugged and continued his journey. “Stop me or don’t at least I won’t be stuck in bed.”
Steve laughed. "Of course. It is not his profession."
Tony rolled his neck and stood on the side of their haphazard ring set up deep into the wooded outskirts around the school. Stane stood next to him and smirked. Tony ignored him and checked the wrapping around his hands. Tight. Bruce was better at it than him. The winner was announced and the crowd shifted getting their debts and money exchanged. Tony took a deep breath and stood taller. Stane grabbed his ass then proceeded him into the cardboard strewn ring.
"Hey, it's just us. Fellow omegas, on our own, against the grand wide world."
“That I can do.”
Tony crawled under one of the tables and picked up a box marked junk then delicately pulled out a small automaton in pieces and placed on the table. Steve felt the blood drain from his face.
“To keep Lord Stark out of jail.” Bucky said.
Natasha repeated the same in Russian and a horrible realization over took Tony. They would have lied for him. They wouldn’t have liked it, but they would have done it. He’d built them protection and weapons from their blood for years and they would have lied for him.
“Dearest Clint,
"I have no idea it might be the very fine alpha here, three-legged wolf." Clint said running his hands appreciatively down Bucky's torso. Bucky smiles and lets him take off his tunic.
Tony smiled. "I haven't asked for an art piece in even longer. You seemed to have captured the life of my automatons and I'd like a finished piece if you wouldn't mind."
“I do think we need to eat and heal but I’m impatient and the lack of momentum may drive me mad.”
There it was that sinking hopeless feeling. Tony opened his desk and reached for his whiskey. He poured himself a glass and was surprised by how little there was. Had he really drank that much last night?
“Yes. Let’s rest tonight then we shall travel.” Bucky said.
Mr. Stark looked Steve up his eyes trailing heat in their wake. They stopped on his face. "There's a smudge of dirt, right here," he said wiping his cheek.
"An amazing man named Doctor Bruce Banner."
"I don't see why you need to know that." Clint snapped.
“What’s going on?” Rogers said always the voice of authority.
“The lack of air and your pangs are probably clouding your sensibilities,” Tony covered smoothly he moved to hovering over Clint. “Do you think you’re able to move enough to get out of the rain?”
“What in the Father’s land is that?” Stane gasped. The monster roared and tore through three more of Stane’s pack on it’s way to the woods before it was enveloped in darkness. Tony couldn’t breathe. Where was Steve? He hip checked Stane’s shocked body off of him, dirt and grass getting caught in his nail beds as he clawed his way up and away. What if that body was Steve’s? He ran towards the back of the house. Could he even survive?
Thor sat down next to him slowly as if he was trying to pet a doe.
“Come to me, darlings.”
Tony stared at naked pudgy Bruce Banner large eyes shining in the dim light of sunset. “I can’t.”
“Wet angel.”
Natasha jerked her hand away. “You don’t even like him, so don’t talk like you know him.”
“Bruce of Banner?” Thor asked.
“Don’t you wish to walk?” Tony said with a laugh.
“Well yeah… but I never thought…”
Bruce was angled awkwardly against Thor and had to nearly sprain his arm to be able to pet the other man's head.
Tony touched his chest chin tilted in offense. “You insult me. Must be because you only have three friends.”
Steve scrubbed his face. “In all honesty, Tony, I want this done and over with so I can propose properly to you.”
“Inform Mr. Barton, if you could please, that you both are safe and sound. I do not want to worry him or his brood.”
Thor let out a booming laugh. "I think not. Lord Stark built this place as a fortress."
“I," Bucky said one finger coming up to poke the very air around it, "have been used. Now I have a week to woo a hissing fox."
Thor looked towards the safety and coverage of their dorms. “Aye.” He said plopping down next to Bruce on the increasingly muddy ground.
T’Challa sat down on his bed and opened a comic book. “It is not a problem.”
“Clint come on.”
Tony then turned and looked through his desk until he found a bottle. He twisted off the top and flicked off the cap to take a deep burning drink. Alpha’s in the tavern. Clint’s alpha in the tavern. Tony could barely think beyond that. The idea that he might even… His hand shook when he went to take another drink splashing alcohol over his open wound. He hissed and found the med kit shortly. He took long gulps of whiskey between cleaning and bandaging the wound. He didn’t think about Clint leaving with the alphas. He didn’t think about the alphas taking Bruce too. He didn’t think about how easily Dummy and Jarvis could just be gone from his sight. He didn’t.
Stane’s hand found his neck gripping it tightly. “Maybe I should.” He grunted fingers tightening. “Or maybe I can play the game again and see if I win when you don’t have your blasted servant with you.”
“Teaching, Academics, Sports and Janitorial.” Sam said.
“We had to leave someone behind because the pack was going feral.” Bucky said cutting him off.
“Tony’s fighting?” Bucky said incredulous.
"So, knives and arrows only."
Tony slid in mud when he tried to stop in front of a tent. He could not tell a soul how he got there but he knew what was in there and he ran in regardless of consequences. Stane sat in a corner behind a makeshift desk.
Bruce went quiet.
Steve laughed and felt Tony’s hair shift with the sudden movement of his chest. “I think I can live with that. Get up. We have to inform the pack.”
Bruce put a hand on his knee. “Tony, you’re the only person who talked to me in any of my classes.”
“Yep,” Tony popped his ‘p’. That’s all there is but before we head off to watch
"Lucky me then."
“I shall try my best, Lieutenant Barnes.”
Sam came up and took his hand. “Good to meet you,” he said friendly as ever. Thor pulled him into a hug then grabbed the other two alphas so they were all in a hug.
“Darling,” Steve said put upon.
Clint turned to look at Bucky who kissed the jut between his jaw and throat. “Do I get a little extra for making the impossible possible?”
It dragged him away towards the side of the house and he found Steve near the stable’s, arms over his legs and eyes closed looking at peace.
“S-someone’s lost in the woods…and I think he’s hurt.” Bruce said vaguely.
“That means that we still have to have the bidding war in February, but after that we are home free my boys,” Tony said.
“Then who would I listen to for your needs,” Bucky answered.
Clint awoke to the sounds of screams. He began popping a tit for one of the two cubs to suck on. They both looked the sam unless naked and Clint was too tired to judge himself for not telling the difference. He was pulling his shirt down when he realized they were both still asleep and the entire pack was looking towards the back of the house. It wasn't the babes.
Steve sighed relief coursing through him. “Yes, lets.”
Tony nodded taking a step back and fixing his suit. “Then do not shame me for my unwillingness and instead accept the olive branch I attempt to give.”
Thor turned and sat down next to Bruce making the bench let out a thunderous boom. “That is not what I have come to talk to you about.”
The Captain picked up the tray and left the house his mood leaving the presence and causing Bruce to relax. Thank heavens. Hopefully, Tony will be done soon, and they can talk. In the meantime. The captain would be best left out of the house.
"Jim?"
“Can we,” Thor started. “Can’t we enjoy our time? As we had promised only a mere week ago?”
"He's seen more than we will in our lifetimes. I trust him with my life and should I die with you and the babes lives."
"We'll adapt as we've always have." Bucky said pushing himself up. "We'd have to anyway. Clint is a mess of his own and I am going to enjoy seeing Jim when he gets you angry."
Steve caught stride. “I’ll join you, how about that.”
Thor came closer and Bruce felt trapped. His adrenaline spiked and the urge…oh the urge, to hurt was crashing upon him. He hunched inward. Thor gently put a hand on his shoulder.
Tony laughed brittle and true soaking in Bruce’s warmth.
“You’re the only one who will part that crowd like the red sea.”
“He hasn't seen the automaton?”
He shuddered unable to help the smile that crossed his face. “Verily.”
Tony swallowed. "Fair trade. I have but one question and you in return may ask one too."
Bruce shook. It might have been the temperature of the water or the edge of the entire night finally cutting into him, he couldn’t tell.
"I knew you would have done that, so I put it in the bag with your arrows." Bucky said. "You'd never leave without it."
"You." Steve repeated.
The taller marshal held up his hands. “I wouldn’t want to even try to anger you.”
Tony tilted his head in acknowledgement. “Well, let’s go.”
Bucky sighed with relief. “Thank you, brother.”
“They’re from bullies right?” Thor said looking genuinely uncomfortable.
“Now?”
“We met under similar circumstances.” Tony said with a shrug.
"Can't have pictures of me floating around if I want to hide, can we?"
"They're claiming that you haven't been working due to grief." Clint said with a heavy look.
“I got hit with a fucking stick!” the kid cried.
Natasha looked between him and the notebook before opening it up. She read a little and then looked between him and the notebook again before pulling out her phone and typing on it for a minute or two. Then she dropped her phone.
“Mr. Stane killed Wrotty before he left claiming to be defending his property,” Sam said. “Nat picked that up when she asked to join his party.”
“Yep.” Tony said. “This week it’s going to be Obadiah Stane?”
The screams of the would be pack of bandits would later star in the edges of Tony’s nightmares. He dropped his body as far down to ground as it could go. Jarvis. Dummy was still in the carriage and safe, but Jarvis was out there. He crawled out staying as a wolf to keep his senses despite the better accessibility of limbs.
Steve flexed his neck and felt his shift crawl against his skin. “Yes.”
“Bruce,” he hissed. No response. Tony checked his eyes and found them dilated. Shit. Tony raised his hand and slapped him.
"We are trying to merge a pack, Steve. My..." Bucky closed his eyes, "partner does not want us here. Lord Stark does not want us here and according to you, wanted partial control over your pack. You suddenly flipped the hostility switch the moment he showed that he already had partial control. It's rather suspicious."
Tony swallowed. “On my wedding night my father’s best friend slipped into bed when I was expecting a weasel and bit me.”
Bruce chuckled silently. “Consider my mind finally changed.”
"We want nothing but your money," the alpha said his squared head shadowed in the night.
Tony stood his movements weighed down walked around to greet Steve. The swell of his belly was unmistakeable even under the smithy’s apron.
Thor shrugged and continued to lean and listen.
Tony set the metal and polish down and picked up an arm that he began polishing. “There you have it.”
“I thought you murdered your alpha.” Bruce said. Steve whipped around, and Tony had his eyes closed.
"It won't," Bruce started only to be cut off by Thor's cock pushing through his folds and into his channel. Bruce groaned feeling a delicious burning stretch. Thor moved so slowly that time stopped.
Stane shoved him away and straightened his clothes. “You’re not going to win this.” He said. “I’ve known Tony since he was a child. Raised him. He’ll always come back. That’s what I taught him to do.”
Steve walked over and crouched ready to lift only to be stopped. He strained, and it barely nudged but stayed firmly wedged into the ground. "I cannot, Mr. Stark."
Steve didn’t sleep, not even when Thor and Bruce came back clothed and covered in less gore. He didn’t think he could. Tony was curled up in the opposite corner Clint close to him their legs overlapping. Bruce had migrated towards him too, needing the comfort as well. The loss of a home pulling them together. Steve watched him closely worried for if and when he was going to bolt again. The sky lightened but the rain didn’t cease. Tony awoke first sitting straight up eyes wide and frightened. They circled their surroundings quickly searching. Steve knew what he was looking for.
Sam saw Natasha the next day outside in the quad reading a book and sucking down a smoothie. His legs moved before his brain caught up. She was probably the prettiest girl he’d ever seen. Though she might be the only girl he’s seen since he went home during winter break. Still…her sharp green eyes looked at him and twitched. Sam smiled. Gingers, he’s always had a thing for gingers.
Thor smiled proudly and patted Bruce’s rapidly growing shoulder. “That you will.”
“Even shot the fucker won’t show up.” Stane grunted just before Tony’s eyes rolled back in his head and he was out.
"That is not helpful, Mr-" Bruce didn't finish because Tony shifted and pretended he didn't understand.
“Sorry, Bruce of Banner, I did not mean to startle you.”
Tony pulled Clint up his eyes somber. “That’s because the interior is where all the damage is.”
"I see." Bucky sobered.
Mr. Stark raised an eyebrow. "How so?"
Bruce looked over their shoulders at the three other boys. “I don’t like them.”
“In the basement.” Blonsky shouted back his voice clogged with blood and snot.
“I had to name them while you were gone.” Clint told him.
Steve pursed his lips and pretended that didn't sound ominous. "Why hide? It's the pack that gave you Jarvis and Dummy." He tried. If he showed anger Tony would stoke it to his advantage that was abundantly clear in their last two conversations.
Clint scoffed. "Your 'brother' is upstairs probably wonderin' why we're so hostile. You should tell him you got an omega up the cliff and then left not even a day after their heat."
“He’d have to graduate, and quit fight club, I guess.” Steve said on a snore. He fell asleep. Ready to wake up later and visit his boyfriend in the ICU he guessed.
“You know how this goes,” Tony called over them walking across their stage back and forth in front of the goods. “We as a student body know that this is the last auction we can do! Unfortunately do to last weeks incident, I can’t participate.” A series of boo’s aroused from the crowd. “But! The lovely Natasha will take my place. She will be sold twice.” An interested murmur erupted. “Now lets start with everyone’s favorite twink, Clint. The starting number is 20.”
"Good afternoon," Tony greeted. "Thank you for cleaning up, Mr. and Mrs. Wilson. You may stay here as long as you please and are welcome back whenever it suits your fancy."
Clint turned into him. “I think you’re right.” Clint turned his head and did not smile when Bucky stumbled trying to follow. “Jarvis would you like to join us?”
“T’Challa estimated that Tony should have made at least a couple of million by now.”
Steve shrugged. Fair enough. Beta’s could be packless and non-feral they also tended to hold most neutral based jobs with in any form of government. They rarely made a pack as filled with alpha’s as this one bat an eyelash.
"If you say sorry you'd be lying to my face, Barnes." Clint snapped cutting him off.
Steve took another deep breath. “Okay. So you think someone's trying to kidnap Tony and you want us to intervene?”
“Hi.” Tony said.
Bucky shrugged. "I can't say I'm any different."
Bucky huffed out a small laugh, showing Clint a rare glimpse of his dimples. “I have nothing to prove. Just some assurance to give.”
Bucky leaned in dropping to his elbow and licked a stripe along Clint's neck. "I want to. Do you want to?"
“Of course.”
"Obviously. We can spend the day in bed later."
Steve followed. “Preparations for what?”
Tony blinked and his eyes flitted away towards a distant object Steve could not see.
“Not a lot of people respect that.”
Steve nodded. “We have time then. How many?”
Leader blinked and coughed. “Okay. Are they safe now?”
“So,” Thor continued as if he was unaware of everyone’s sudden discomfort when realizing they were sitting with royalty. “When our fellow brethren in the Isles needed help with the country Latveria I was sent to help out the forces. Me and the good captain met on the battle field. It was large hoard of automaton from the King and I was lighting up as many as I could but was unable to cover my back side. Men were dropping like flies and I felt incapable of winning. Then out of nowhere a glorious throng of wolves ushered in. One shifted effortlessly and in one breath and the next he threw a shield between me and stray bullet. Hours later with men lost but more automaton destroyed I found that man. I owe him my life and loyalty, now here we are.”
“Looking good there, Stark.”
and they all brought coffee to him when they went to his workshop for any reason. Otherwise, talking to him was like reasoning with a cranky four-year-old.
“Don’t go,” Tony said.
“You never asked about Pepper,” Tony began.
Steve started hanging out in Tony’s workshop during the day.
Steve was happy that he kept Tony sober all day and when they got back to town, he offered to buy him dinner at the saloon.  Stark nodded in agreement and both men went to their homes to clean up a bit.
“Don’t we need to wait?” Steve asked, realizing they’d had almost no foreplay at all.
“For me either. I – I’m not sure what to make of it.”
He finally sighed and pulled Tony into his embrace and went to sleep himself.
Steve smiled at him, that devastatingly handsome smile that women were crazy about. “I do that before you get up, too.”
“I saw it on
“You should, but I want you to stay. I – looking at you makes my skin burn, just like it did before. I can’t promise anything, but I want to fuck you worse than I’ve wanted anything since I could remember.”
Tony had no words as he came, just tears that he tried to hold back. He collapsed on top of Steve, kissing him and holding him tight.  Steve seemed in no hurry have him move, so he didn’t.
He felt like he needed to make sure Stark was safe before he left him. He’d tossed him into the street a few times at first, but when he almost tripped over Stark sleeping it off on the damned sidewalk the next day, he began to take him back to his shop. He’d deliver him inside the door and leave, not even putting on a lamp.
oh so sweetly when he could remember the words.
“Maybe,” was Steve’s answer.
“How did you come to be here?” he asked Stark.
Tony kissed him again, saving him from saying the words that almost slipped out, words he was afraid to say to anyone.  They lay still as they were for several moments before Steve moved off of Tony and settled beside him. He didn’t say anything but pulled him close.
“I use it to call the suit. Pep hates it.”
Two Tony Starks marched down to Steve’s quarters and knocked on his door.
He started doing some searches all on his own on his tablet and found a porn site with lots of bisexual and gay videos. As he watched, he let his hand wander down just like Tony’s did in the fanfiction story. It had been a long time since anyone did any of those things to him.
“JARVIS, pay the cleaning crew triple time if they clean this up before Nat gets up.”
That evening, after everyone had wandered off to bed except Tony, Steve approached him.
It was his reaction to Stark.
“I still topple over like an old man sometimes,” Tony said, realizing that Steve had not let him go yet.
“You? Why would you – Steve Rogers! What have you done?” Tony looked up at Steve.
Steve reached for Tony’s hand and squeezed it as he looked over at Tony. He grinned and Tony thought he looked so young.
Steve nodded and moved closer, so it was easier for Tony to reach him.
“She wasn’t the head of the Nefaria crime family when I knew her. She was heiress and hot ass chick, Whitney Frost.”
Tony moved into Steve’s lap. “Yeah. He’s kind of an ass, too.”
Every time either of them saw anything nautical, they both started giggling like little girls and usually disappeared not long after.
“Oh yeah.”
“I – promise you won’t look.”
“My story is about the same.”
He did.
“Then why do you hide your chest?”
“Wait, you said programmed parameters?”
All the Avengers settled into the Tower rather well.
Tony kept up with him, swallowing around him, taking all he gave him. He licked and sucked until Steve stopped moving. He gently pulled off and looked up into Steve’s eyes.
Steve made a rude noise and sank back against Tony. “Maybe we should go inside,” he murmured against Tony’s ear.
“When what?” Steve seemed distracted.
“I’ll get showered then you can have it,” he told Steve.
Tony answered.
Tony went to his penthouse suite. He was exhausted though he tried hard not to let the others see how tired he was. It had been a long day and a long mission. He hurt all over from being blasted in the suit several times. His bruises had bruises today.
“I – maybe you could stay the rest of the night? You can slip out on my private elevator. No one will see you. I can drive you wherever you want to go.”
What was he going to do about Rogers? Did he need to do anything? He gave the guy a blow job. What more could he ask for?
“Well, I still have some codes to the security system here. Maybe we could access some of the feeds and find out what’s going on,” she told Barton.
“Did you think I was too drunk to remember?” Tony reached for him again, but Steve stiffened.
They met about an hour later and rode out of town. Steve liked the companionship of having Stark ride with him. There’d been no one since Bucky was killed.
“That would be a good idea,” Tony agreed. He turned to Steve. “By the way, do you know anything about Russian cooking?” he said as they left the room.
“You’re doing a fine job, Rogers, a fine job.”
“So good,” he whispered as he spread Tony’s legs wide, spreading his own legs beneath Tony’s to be able to lie on top of him. Tony reached up and pulled Steve down for a kiss as Steve began to move inside him. Tony met his thrusts, rubbing himself against Steve’s belly.
He didn’t see Steve’s smile as he headed to the bathroom to turn on the water.
“Not if you’re going to drool all over him.”
They stumbled onto the wooden sidewalk and into the smithy. Tony started peeling Steve’s clothes off as soon as they closed the door. They didn’t even pay attention to how wet they were as they made for the sofa. Their hands groped each other as they found enough room for both of them. Tony was mostly under Steve, pushing up against him in a way that drove him crazy with wanting.
He nodded and followed her. She accessed the room feeds and somehow managed to find Steve and Tony together in a rather compromising way – they were both naked and more.
“Uh, yeah. I’m an optimist.” It was actually what he used on himself when he watched porn on his big ass screen but Steve didn’t need to know that.
“Yes, sir,” the AI answered.
Steve turned back and looked at him.
“Want to take a break? Get a coffee?” Steve asked him.
Tony didn’t need or want any entanglements right now. He was enjoying just having fun. He’d been with a tall blond last night. He tried not to notice how much the man had looked like Rogers. It was all in good fun. He’d sucked a little cock, gotten to fuck the guy and everyone was happy, until he walked into the kitchen.
“Shall we lock the door for a while?” Tony asked him, his voice low and sexy, just like Steve remembered it from all the times they’d been together before.
“Your shop.”
The first time Steve fucked Tony, Tony had yelled “Unleash the Kraken” just before Steve had pressed into him. Steve had dissolved into helpless laughter and had laughed so hard that the ‘Kraken’ had sort of wilted from mirth. He recovered within minutes and they both had a very pleasurable finish to their silly start.
"You're angry," Tony says by way of starting the conversation he clearly doesn't want to have. He steps around the table and sits down, and when Steve looks at him, he sees it. This is the last thing Tony needs right now, one more person he’ll have to apologize to. If Steve were a better person, perhaps he would've let it slide, but he still feels the burn of Tony’s absence in the back of his throat and he sips the coffee to forestall having to answer.
Tony winces and Steve knows he hit the mark. When Tony lifts his gaze again, hesitant, he knows he can't refuse him. It's not even a matter of pity, or any warm and fuzzy emotion. He'd done this for Tony once, and even if it hadn't been a very thorough experience, it had left its mark. He'd do it if Tony'd need him to. There was only one thing to it, then.
him and Tony Stark has a girlfriend--
"You're sure Ms. Potts is okay with this?"
Tony shows up at the kitchen door a minute later and leans against the doorframe. He's not looking at Steve. Steve isn't looking directly at him, either. He pours out the coffee and turns to hand one mug to Tony before settling at the kitchen table.
A small uncertain smile touches Steve's lips at that. "Is that your way of complimenting a guy?" he asks, and settles down to help clean up the lube and cum as carefully as he can. Tony seems surprised, but lets him do it anyway. He's lying absolutely boneless in the center of Steve's bed and for a brief insane moment the thought
If the statement surprises Tony, he doesn't let it show. He shrugs and looks at Steve's coffee machine. He lifts the mug to his lips and drinks without looking down. Steve hasn't even taken a single sip, but now he can't even think about it. Tony finally glances at him with a rueful smile. "I can work with that… I was kinda hoping you'd top, anyway."
Steve stays still for a long moment. "So how often do you… use this option?" he asks, feels the bitterness of it and does nothing to keep it hidden. His hands clench into fists at his sides even as he stands his ground. He'd be just one more conquest for Tony. Steve had waited years to find the right partner and then she--
"I've never done anything like this," Steve says on a choked breath. "That was the third time anyone's ever kissed me." He feels his face warming but stands his ground. "Trust me, you don't want me."
This… all of it, somehow doesn't feel casual at all.
"Yeah?" Steve feels heat creeping down his nape and over his cheeks. He tries to remind himself that Tony had left him out of the loop for days--weeks, really. He’d let him worry and wallow in grief, but Steve can't hold onto that anger when Tony's looking so desperate. No amount of flippant demeanour can hide that he's teetering on an edge. Tony bites his lip, and Steve sighs. There was never really any hope for him to reject Tony. He gets to his feet and waits for Tony to do the same.
When he gets Tony off, he's surprised at the stillness of it, the silence. Tony chokes back any sound he might've made, biting his lip and moving in light spasms against him. Steve himself tends to be quiet too, but he'd imagined Tony'd be a lot more extravagant about it. He wonders what kind of noise Tony would've made if he didn't insist on holding it back.
"Uh…" Steve leans back as Tony leans in closer. He can't be reading this right. Tony's got a girlfriend and he's probably exhausted and…
These words have an unexpected effect on Tony, who stops squirming for a moment, melts against Steve's sheets with a low, relieved sound that verges on… on something Steve doesn't know how to name. The moment is gone within seconds, however, and the writhing comes back tenfold. Steve licks up Tony's neck towards his ear and starts up a steady, quick pace. Following his instincts seems like the way to go--it feels fantastic, and Tony's moans are like music to his ears.
"Could've fooled me," Steve retorts, but his tone is soft, lacking venom. He remembers those few intense glances Tony had directed at him, and feels his heart beating a bit faster. "And don't you have a girlfriend?"
Pepper would have to live with it. She'd agreed to this, hadn't she?
"Steve…" he mutters against Steve's neck, nipping there boldly. "Not to rush you or anything but this old guy isn't getting any younger."
drifts through Steve's mind. He pushes those words down along with anything that goes with them and concentrates on what he's doing. Tony doesn't answer his question, only reaches for him when he's done, like a drowning man.
It knocks the breath out of Steve, but when he thinks to speak, Tony's hold tightens. "Don't. Don’t pity me."
A beat of silence is followed by a breathy "Aye Captain," which makes Steve a little dizzy. Sure, in the end Tony had accepted his leadership on the battlefield, but in this context it feels completely different.
Tony's hands are at the fastenings of Steve's uniform, and Steve dutifully helps him get the outer layer off. He's not particularly self conscious about his body, but this feels different. It's intimate and the intent is hugely different from what he's used to. He still feels grimy from the battle, but remains silent about it as he moves to take off his undershirt in one smooth motion.
He kneels down and cups Tony's face carefully. Asking what Tony wants hasn't yielded any results, and Steve doesn't think asking again would have a different effect. So instead, he leans in to kiss him, a light touch of lips intended mostly to bring Tony back to the present. It seems to work, as Tony lets out a slow breath through his nose. Those eyes close, and the atmosphere shifts slightly. Steve thinks he can do this if it's Tony. He can give him whatever comfort he needs.
"Look at you…” Tony breathes. He takes the sponge from Steve and lets it drop to the floor. “All slippery muscles in my shower…"
In the morning, Tony's phone rings, waking them up. Pepper has arrived in New York and is looking for Tony. She's probably worried sick, Steve thinks, and tries to figure out the complex set of Tony's expression as he talks to her.
"You'll tell me?" he asks, letting his free hand caress along Tony's chest and side, unconsciously sidestepping where the arc reactor used to sit. Tony nods his head, looks amused and relieved in equal parts.
"Steve."
"I don't believe you," Tony says in a slightly slurred tone after Steve withdraws from his body and disposes of the condom. He pauses on his way to retrieve tissues, and turns a questioning glance at Tony, who pulls himself onto his elbows to follow him around the room. "That can't possibly have been your first time."
Steve snorts at that and pulls back to look at him. His heart is racing half in excitement half in dread, and he lets his eyes roam Tony's body as he settles on his heels. How is he ever going to live up to Tony's expectations? His breathing is shallow as he palms Tony's dick in slow, fluid motions and Tony arches a little off the bed, thrusting into his loose fist. "You're sure you wanna do this with…" Tony gives him a dazed look, but he has a raised eyebrow in obvious question. "With a virgin…?"
Bucky pulled his hand out of his pocket to grope at Clint’s ass. “Go right on ahead.”
“Very well.” Jarvis said setting off towards the house his body ticking.
Clint could not possibly describe how delusional Bucky must be. “No!”
“Master Rodgers,” Jarvis asked standing up. “You look unwell.”
"What do I owe the pleasure, Captain Rodgers?" Jarvis asked.
“I am.”
“You did nothing wrong. Let’s go home and get warm.” Tony’s hair rose, and his growl deepened.
Clint laughed. “We are blessed then!”
The two nodded exiting the room, presumedly to tell Captain. Bruce and Clint looked to him once the front door creaked shut.
“Look faggot,” he said coming in close enough that Tony could smell his rancid breath.
Bruce didn’t respond just waiting the horrible beats in which Thor walked out closing the door behind him. Oh, thank the Lady. Bruce let out a breath the tears flowing freely. He wiped roughly at his face.
Tony awoke curled around the solid form of pack. He must have shifted because Bruce was scratching a steady hand through his hair. Tony leaned into it wagging his tail.
Bucky straightened and turned so they were facing the same direction. “I told him I’d come back for him.”
“Think you can go to the bid tonight incognito?” Clint asked between kisses. Smooth. He is totally James Bond. He reached for Bucky's pants.
Color covered Bruce's pallid skin and he looked away pushing up his spectacles.
“Alright,” Clint said with a shrug.
The tavern had been pulled into one long table with the benches pulled together in order to hold the pack at one table. Everyone but Steve sat at the table. Tony was impressed. He felt bonds take hold. Natasha was more vocal than Tony had ever seen her as they waited for Bruce and Thor to bring out food. They’d resided in his den for a day but it had felt like years. Sam sat next to Clint and they were talking animatedly about hunting. Natasha and Bucky were in a deep conversation in Russian that from what Tony could parse out was about the proper way to clean guns.
Bucky was halfway to running after him, but Steve stopped him roughly gripping his shirt.
“Fight’s over.” She said her voice low but projected over the crowd. There were screams of anguish as some rich boys realized they just lost their entire allowance because a six foot six behemoth couldn’t take out five foot five and a hundred pounds soaking wet Bruce Banner. Natasha pulled Bruce gently and firmly away from the sophomore. She raised his hand. Bruce wiped his nose which was bleeding a little. He hunched in on himself again and just like that was the biology geek that Tony befriended in the eighth grade. Tony smiled. The boys who won came to collect their bounty knowing that the house always takes ten percent.
“I could.”
Tony felt his blood burn under the bite. The fire igniting his veins. He clenched his teeth. The world was more or less a blur as his biology rewrote itself over the last two years. There had to be a fight. The blood pulsed between his fingers. They saw. They watched him…They…No. Tony forced himself up. He had to…
Thors eyes grew wide. “You're quickening.”
Bruce tensed. Thor massaged his legs and gave him a charming smile.
“What a truly dreadful man,” Tony said turning away. “Let us clean this wretched place.”
"Trying to improve god’s creation."
Natasha laid back her hands behind her head. “Great. Leave.”
Thor sat next to Bruce during lunch and then scooted closer. Bruce looked up at him and then stuffed his face with mashed potatoes. Thor smiled and took a bite of his food. Bruce scooted closer so their legs touched. That was enough for them.
“You redirected me.” Steve said once they were close to the courtyard where Tony could see his group huddled together. Clint was trying to throw cheerios into Natasha’s mouth and Bruce was sprawled out snoring.
"Good?" Thor asked smug and content.
Thor nuzzled into Bruce's shoulder wrapping himself around him once again. "We shall have to do it again, and again and again."
Metal collided with his shin. He smiled shaking the feeling away. “Dummy we’ve discussed this, look where your going,” Tony said. The little creature clutched at his pant leg. “Yes, dear?” Tony asked.
Tony’s eyes found his. “I didn’t… I was ready to die there. Then he… he murdered my automatons.”
It became a pattern that he'd leave for meals but for the most part stay with Tony and draw. Tony and the automatons became used to his presence easily (Tony hardly noticing only to call him Jarvis and ask for a paper or charcoal which Steve readily handed to him) and so he stayed recreating Tony and his creations day in and day out until the hammer was completed.
"The lady's soft breast," Bruce breathed, "You're not going to fit."
"Mr. and Mrs. Wilson are in search of any signs of my old pack in the surrounding area. I'm trying to stay hidden."
Bruce who had been looking out of it the entire time suddenly focused and slammed hands on table. “You no go.”
“Come with me.” Steve said.
Steve ran until he felt he might not make it back in time to sleep. He focused on the ground uneven as it was pounding into his paws on his way back. He barely noticed the coyote until too late. The coyote had to have been there for awhile because he knew when to nip at Steve’s toes and bounce away before Steve could snap back. The animal seemed to laugh at him then sprint ahead. Steve took after enjoying the cloying scent and the challenge of a chase. They dodged between trees purposefully tripping Steve’s larger frame up. Then would slow just to turn in a full circle and come back to a head start in front of Steve. It was infuriating. He couldn’t even nip at his heels. The coyote would look back occasionally then stuff his nose in the air jokingly prim before running off again. The third time he deemed to mock Steve, Steve took him down and pinned him to the sun hardened earth.
"I miss my friend," Bruce said then walked across the field to the barn. It opened with a creak though he did not touch it and he walked into the darkness.
Rogers crossed his arms and looked down at him intimidatingly. “You’re out after curfew.”
They shifted when they were clear in his line of view.
“If you would be so kind,” Tony leaned over and offered him a hand.
Bucky creaked across the room and Clint heard him settle in the chair across from him. "Is that where all the extra weight came from? Could have fooled me."
"What course of action do you want to take?" Natasha asked.
“I just came to pick you up,” Stane said.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony set out two rooms for the others while he spent an entire week getting the metal and mapping out the layout of the bathrooms. The next week was spent building the pipe work from the well to the house and when he got the sink in the kitchen to work he was able to transfer that to the rest of the building. The third week was installing the runes to heat the water and to cool it. The fourth week midway through helping Tony set the walls over the pipes in the second floor Clint vomited on Tony's shoes.
Tony patted him on the back with a smile. “Yes. I must take them to the work shop for some basic repairs before I start on the house.”
Steve tilted his head this way and that. “Or I don’t insult his intelligence.”
“I just want the option.” Tony said his voice solemn and quiet. “She's pretty right?”
"For what." Tony asked quiet. He reached down to put on his shoes.
Tony shook his muzzle and then nipped Clint's thigh before getting down to shift back. Clint yelled jerking his legs up to his chest.
“Hear him?” Steve whispered.
Tony stared at the stars, ignoring how Jarvis stilled, the faint clink of his joints turning the air into frigid silence.
“Who will dust?” Clint asked. “That was Jarvis job?”
"Whatever could you mean?" Bucky asked pulling on his shirt.
“They sold weapons to my enemies.”
Clint whistled. Bruce gripped his hair. “What the fuck?”
“About twenty or so minutes,” Bruce said. He looked green. Monster green.
Bruce snorted and handed him peeled apples to slice and the caramel and spiced honey to place them in. “You’d have to leave your pack and I would like to think you’re attached to them.”
Steve walked into the room. “Dinner will be ready in an hour,” he said. Stane smiled at him. Steel eyes. Cold demeanor.
"Is he okay," Bruce asked him one night. It was a day after they had found Natasha and Sam. Their estimate of two days appeared to be an underestimate and it was hard to say how long to go because Tony was struck silent with his fever.
Tony leaned back and laughed. His face lighting up with the motion. "Absolutely wonderful. Stay here," He said pulling off his leather gloves and pushing up his goggles. "I'm going to go get Thor."
“The babes are here.” Steve told him skipping greetings and Tonys odd ramblings.
Tony shrugged. "Sure." He undressed making sure his boots and pants were thrown as far as possible across the room not wanting the scent to overwhelm him when he was on all fours. Moments later his bones slid and stretched, and he shook out his fur. He put his paws up on the table and pushed himself up.
