“Hey Iron Britches-” Clint calls, prompting everyone to stare over at his perch atop a frozen over sun lounger.
They skate like that, palms pressed together in their gloves-only letting go so Steve can Spin Tony around him and switch hands. Tony's cheeks are flushed with the cold, his lips wind chapped by the time they step off the ice. Off to the side there are couples kissing on park benches while snow powders their hair. Steve grips Tony's hand a little more tightly, tugging him along to back up against a tree away from prying eyes. Tony follows without even the barest hesitation, breaths frosting out in foggy white puffs when Steve tucks him close, unbelting his jacket to wrap it around them both while they lean against the tree.
“May I ask sir, why it is such a terrible thing to find Captain Rogers attractive? He appears to be a good man, trustworthy and concerned for your wellbeing. He brought pasta for you.” JARVIS makes it sound like that settles it all, as if pasta is the answer to all of Tony's vast and innumerable fucking problems with trust sprinkled with a healthy dose of how much do we hate ourselves today? If only it were so simple.
“Sorry, thought I heard Shellhead around, wanted to come down and see if he was up for a spar. You look dead on your feet though, want bed?” The rumble of Steve's voice resonates against Tony's ear where he's plastered himself against Steve's front.
Outside the weather was warm and pleasant. It was nice to just feel normal, to feel his body at rest, no rush or drop clouding his awareness. He set off from in front of the mansion at a nice clip, letting the repetitiveness of his steps calm him even further. He could feel eyes on him, but no one bothered him, there was sure a lot of honking though, he didn’t know what that was about, probably the red lights not changing quickly enough.
“You’re hot.”  Steve observed.
In which Steve sticks his foot in his mouth, sets a self determined mission for himself, and gets some of his past back.
“Yep, I'm officially on my deathbed, grant me my dying wish?” Tony's eyes are fever bright, sparkling with desire and mischief. He arches beneath Steve, managing a slow roll of their bodies together despite having very little leverage, pinned beneath Steve as he is.
“Uh.” So intent, Steve is looking at him so intently. Tony licks his lips, brain working both at the speed of light, and with the slowness of molasses.  “I uh...I need back support?” Tony's fucking tired language centers are fired. Or maybe not. Steve smiles like Tony's given him a puppy or something equally amazing, then pulls him close, effectively seating Tony on his lap. He wraps Tony up in his ridiculous arms and tucks Tony's head under his chin. His brain computes something that's probably just a series of exclamation points. Wow. Steve's lap is-really solid.
Steve dreams of blue eyes first-not his own blue, these are more aqua to his cornflower, with long black eyelashes, wide, and beautiful, and they are everything. He dreams of the rasp of facial hair along his cheek, quick hands, the smell of metal and an insatiable curiosity. Tall buildings-so tall they make the empire state herself seem shy by comparison. He sits in his sickbed, frail, wracked with cough and fever and wonders how such a thing could be.
After jogging for two hours, he stopped by a vendor and picked up a pretzel and a hot dog, sitting on a bench to enjoy his spoils. A few giggling betas holding their phones waved at him, and he waved back, making sure to give them a friendly smile. Everyone seemed friendly too, while he jogged back to the mansion, stepping out of his way, and giving him plenty of room.
“I do not want a singing big mouth bass, no. Also, did you just call me your little cupcake?  If anything, you're a cupcake, vanilla with blueberries in fact.” There's a telling sparkle in Steve's eyes, and Tony speaks French, he doesn't need the clarification as it is.
“Cap..Steve, talk to me, what can I do, can I help?” Iron man says, worry coloring every word.  Steve just focuses on breathing in and out. He's cold, breath leaving him in gasps that feel laced with frost. “Fuck, it's the train isn't it, shit I should have thought about that.”
Ambrosia- The love given is reciprocated.
“Well then, as you wish, querido, we'll just sleep then.”
“I know, you hate it when I whisper inaccurate formulas, figured you still would.”
“Oh, just an understated little Christmas tree.” Tony says, pulling out his phone to show Steve a picture. It's of a hat, or maybe it's more of a headdress. It looks about two feet tall, green and decorated with tinsel. Steve groans.  “Had a sweater made too.” Tony continues, shrieking when Steve starts poking him in the sides.
. The hard throb of his cock disagrees with this notion, but he's never been one to think with his little head. Tony might just be testing that particular theory. Steve groans, hands snapping out to grip Tony's flexing thighs in order to still his nearly frantic movements; fingers inadvertently digging bruises into the firm muscle there.
"Tony," he says, trying it on for size, getting a beaming smile that just about knocks his socks off in return, "Tony I have something for you.” That stops Tony short. He blinks slowly, spinning to face Steve in his chair.
“Yeah, you're warm Steve, like a furnace or something, it's wow, no wonder you go exercise in those obscene little shorts.” Steve purses his lips. His shorts are
“He's got to be so tired.” He wakes for a moment to the sound of hushed whispers. The movie is playing in the background but this sounds closer.  “Let me get his shoes off, his poor toes.” That's Jan, Tony grunts but doesn't impede her when he feels small hands wrap around one of his ankles. She's careful with the  expensive leather oxfords when she takes them off, setting them aside. His glasses relay her moving around behind him grabbing a blanket, and then she's back, draping it across the pair of them with a tiny fond smile.
Stark is curled in on himself, head tucked against his knees hiding his face from view. His right arm curves under a thick sweatshirt, pressing somewhere along his chest. Steve can just make out a large M and a T. He remembers Jan saying in passing that Mister Stark had gone to college MIT and wonders if this is an old souvenir of the place. It looks much more comfortable than the snappy suits Steve has caught himself staring at a little too closely. He steps closer, careful to avoid the expensive technology on the floor.
“Think about what I said. I would drape you in the finest silks, bathe you in milk and honey.” Doom purrs, even as he's being dragged away. Steve feels a wave of possessive anger rise up within himself, even if he knows it's pointless and unwelcome to feel such a way about a man who isn't his, who will probably
“Tony that's not-” But it's too late, Tony is already off and running back over by Jan in pursuit of another drink. Steve slumps, rubbing a hand over his face with the air of a man condemned to death row. Rhodes makes his way over, patting his back comfortingly and pressing a glass full of bright pink liquid into his hand.
He went shopping for this meal and had to have come here to set this table up beforehand; all of that without knowing if Steve would even say yes.  Steve swallows thickly, setting down their salad, and sitting down heavily in one of the chairs.
“Yes, Rhodey my Sweet.”
It was a tougher battle than expected, even after Iron Man arrived.  There were a few close calls, all of them were captured, but quick thinking on Wasp’s part led to their victory.  Afterwards, standing on the street with the team, watching Thor tossing wasp into the sky and catching her, he couldn’t help but smile.
“This is something I didn't know about you, I'm a little surprised, thought you were an open book.” Steve knows he still sounds shaky, but Tony doesn't comment on it, laughing instead and taking Steve by the shoulders to give him a very unimpressed look.
He shivers, pulling Steve closer, a short moan escaping him when Steve lets one of his own slip. They part and then return seamlessly, one kiss becoming many. It's so easy to kiss Steve and be kissed in return-as if they've always been here, doing this. Tony can feel his heart pounding in his chest, rabbiting away as Steve sits down on the couch behind them. They break for just a moment, before Steve kisses him again, pulling Tony down atop his lap inexorably, his arms tight around Tony's waist.
Tony's throat works around him in a swallowing motion, but then he's pulling up, letting Steve's hard cock slap against his belly, and then ducking down to drag his tongue from Steve's balls up to the leaking head. “That's it, just like that, darling. You're almost there, aren't you?” He speaks right there, his voice is so warm though, and Steve can only gasp, clench his fingers tighter on the sheets while Tony rocks the toy inside him.
He sits up a moment later, not liking how far away Tony is from him, wanting to stay within reach.  Steve has a moment to wonder If he's being too much, if his giddiness at having Tony so near and kissing him, nearly naked down to the waist-if that's too much.  Tony just smiles at him though, warm and welcoming, curving his hand around Steve's jaw, just rubbing his thumb over Steve's smooth unstubbled cheek. Tony is taller than him like this, standing between his knees.  Steve closes his eyes, stretching up and leaning into the slow, thorough kiss Tony presses into his mouth, the way Tony gently bites at his bottom lip. He's so hard already, the pajama pants doing nothing to conceal the heavy weight of his cock.
“Part of me woulda loved it but I haven't even really gotten to court him. It would have felt so good to do it though-god he's just gorgeous-but I want to take him on a date first.” The hand on his back stops moving, he can see Iron Man staring at him from the corner of his eye. Steve represses the smile threatening to give him away. If Tony is in the armor it sure is nice to be able to compliment the heck out of him without getting any blowback. Steve counts it as a victory when the hand on his back resumes its gentle motions.
Anemone-Anticipation
“Bossy.” Tony grumbles, but he does take the suggestion, Steve is his favorite pillow after all.
A HUGE and resounding thank you to the incredible
Later he rode the subway down to the lower east side, walked the streets he used to know, stood in the alleyway where his apartment building once resided.  Looking up between the forms of buildings at the sky, he still felt a little like a ghost.  He could still see it, if he closed his eyes.  Sure it had been a crummy apartment, and sure the landlord was a real pill, but it was where he’d grown up, where Sarah took her last breaths.  Steve hung his head, held back a sob, but he turned away, kept walking.
Of course, sitting around and feeling sorry for himself wasn’t really going to help him either.  He could just hear Sarah telling him not to mope, that she was fine, that he was making all this fuss while she and seanáthair and mhamó looked down on him.  Steve admonished himself as he picked up the book on beading, still laying where it had been dropped what felt like a lifetime ago, but had really been only days.
“Are you feeding a man or an army?”  Roy muttered.
“Yeah Steve, what can I do for you?'' Tony licks his lips, watching in fascination as blue eyes drop to track the motion. Oh...
“Sir?” JARVIS almost sounds like he's waiting for something.
“You're going to have to spell it out, no jokes, he's not good with conversations about feelings, believe me I've been trying for years.” Rhodes stands up, patting Steve's shoulder consolingly.
“Kind of don't want to let you out of the room.” Steve admits, sitting back on the loveseat and raking his eyes up and down Tony's body as if he really likes what he sees.  Tony almost considers playing roulette with the Widow. But no. No. Even Tony is not that reckless, and he's
“It seemed logical, as you have on several occasions stated your intentions to court Sir, and while he may be oblivious to the very real intent behind your words,
idea.” But it would be so
“Keep him safe JARVIS.” He says once the main living area is clear of any other Avengers.
“Mhmm, yes.” Tony answers immediately, then holds his arms out, twisting his face in an expression Rhodey has known him long enough to be immune to-but Steve still has yet to learn. “Carry me Steve.” He looks up at Steve through his lashes, and is rewarded by that large solid body coming right up into his space.
As the night goes on it gets chillier, until Steve pulls Tony up onto his lap, wrapping them both up in a blanket in front of the crackling fire. Tony settles against him easily, letting Steve rub his hands to warm them up, blushing just slightly when Steve kisses over his knuckles.  Steve watches his face, catching and holding eye contact as he kisses each of Tony's fingers.  They twitch in his grasp, but Tony doesn't pull away, even as he shifts closer and runs his free hand over the planes of Steve's chest.  It's clear he doesn't really realize what he's doing though, so Steve releases his hand to pick up his hanger, fishing the final marshmallow from their bag and setting about roasting the little ball of gooey napalm.
“I'm going to tie your wrist up against the headboard, and I want you to hold onto the frame with your other hand. You won't break the tie, will you, mio caro?” Tony's voice is so lush, so rich, so full of praise that Steve can't help but suck in a shaking breath. “You'll be good for me won't you?” Tony continues, letting the red sash spill through his fingers to tease over Steve's flushed skin.
, truly thank you for sharing your talent with us.  And also a wailing, hyper affectionate thank you to
“Her hair is red, I've seen it, her love feels like blood, mine too, I feel it, in my hands.” He says, frustrated and resigned as all are when speaking of a love they have yet to meet.
''Tony! You're back.” Steve says before he even has a chance to open his mouth and ask what they're watching. He blinks as Steve stands to make his way over, rate of blinking increasing as Steve gives him a once over. Tony clears his throat, and Steve gets a sort of abashed look on his face, but that doesn't stop him from coming right up into his personal space.
Of course there was still the matter of actually finding Zemo. The guy was slipperier than a snake, and was not above hiding out in isolated locales. That was in the forties though, in the forties there was no satellite system up above the Earth. During one of their late night insomnia sessions in the library Tony told him about it. The global satellite system high up above, veritable eyes in the sky. He also knew Tony had many satellites of his own, and they were capable of communicating somehow with multiple others. He wasn’t quite sure of the how, but he remembered where the control room was, and he remembered his access codes.
“You're a legend, you know? The world needs you. The Avengers need you. Sometimes the only thing you
“Steve, what the hell? No!” Tony leans back, staring at Steve aghast.
“I’ll besmirch all I like, you’re the one that climbed into my bed, Hayward.”  He griped, not without fondness.  Hayward just rolled her eyes, snuggling a little closer.  She was quiet for a few minutes, long enough for Steve to think she had fallen asleep, but she finally spoke, quieter than he’d really ever heard her.
Abruptly he realizes he's been holding his breath when the Cap on the screen stares at him intensely after setting him on the bed. He looks wow, really angry. Not angry at Tony though, just determined and pissed off. Tony wonders what set him off. “I didn't try to fight him.” He says wonderingly
“All shall bow to me, this carnival shall be mine, for I am The Gravitron!”
, burrowing close and letting Steve wrap him up tight, balling his fists in the soft warm fabric covering Steve's chest. He bends his knees, curling up to get as much contact between the two of them as possible, and Steve, sweet, wonderful Steve, just holds him without comment. Tired, he's so tired, and Steve is right there, not going anywhere. He fades in and out of sleep after that, cradled close to warmth and the safest he's felt in years.
“Iron man, NOOO!”  Mole Man shrieked, as Iron Man hit him with the unibeam and blew him backwards.  It was a shot with much less power in it than the armor usually doled out.  At full strength, or even half strength, Mole Man would have been toast.  As it was, he was out cold on the ground.
Tony joins him moments later, carrying their entree with oven-mitted hands.  He smiles brightly at Steve, setting it down on a charger. Thankfully he’s gotten his face under control by the time Tony takes the seat at his side and begins doling out the salad and pouring wine.  Everything is delicious, from the salad, to the wine, to their joint effort shepherd's pie. Conversation is warm and easy, Steve tells a few stories about his childhood, and Tony regales him with some of the ridiculous things he’s done in the past.  They don’t talk about work, or the Ultimates, or anything that would suggest they weren’t just two lovers having a weekend away. Steve loves what he does, it’s his calling, his purpose, but they both needed this; and it’s nice to have something that isn’t tied to fighting or a mission in some way.
“Steve” He whispers, at a loss for what to say. His eyes slip shut when Steve leans in to kiss him.
“What does love feel like to you?” Rhodey asks, months later, beside him on a deserted strip of beach along the Seattle coastline. He’s building a company here, something new, a lighthouse he hopes will draw the one meant for him, even if he knows it won’t.
being praised.” Steve says, catching on immediately, one hand going up to stroke through the dark tousle of his hair.
“No.” Tony pauses, hovering above Steve. A fresh swarm of Doom bugs breaks off to make a beeline towards them both.
“Love...Beloved, going to come, going to-” His words trail off into a sound of pleasure so intense it seems almost painful when Steve bites down onto his shoulder, grinding against his prostate and stroking his cock in tight corkscrewing motions; and then he's coming, clenching around Steve's cock and bucking against the hold around his wrists; eyes wide and stunned as streaks his own chest with his release. That's it for Steve too, watching Tony come apart beneath him is better than anything his half fevered imaginings have ever come up with, and he's grinding in deep, kissing Tony's panting mouth and coming so hard his vision spots around the edges.
Some dialogue in parts is taken from the original 64' Avengers run, starting when Steve is found in Avengers Issue 4
“Some, mo lus na gréine, some, my darling, they see things that have not come to pass yet. It only means you will travel far. To see these things, it means your soulmate loves you very much, and you will find each other one day.” His mother says, taking her usual spot on his bed. She looks both happy and sad. “Here, take this, it will keep you safe when I can't travel with you.” She reaches then to undo the gold clasp about her neck drawing out her saint Christopher's medal and passing it into his trembling hands. He hasn't been able to draw for weeks, too exhausted, too frail to even lift a pencil. He wonders how he will even live to see the wonders in his dreams, if it's all just fevered imaginings, wishful thinking. He tries to give it back, but she won't hear of it, pressing it back into his hand with a stubbornness that mirrors his own.
“Bruce, green bean, c'mon, not you too.” Tony says plaintively, when Bruce drapes another blanket around him and leans down to kiss his forehead.
Steve chuckles, leaning close to drop a kiss on the top of Tony's head. His hair smells faintly of motor oil and whatever fancy shampoo he keeps in his shower caddie. If he has a shower caddie. Steve deliberately moves his thoughts away from Tony and showering.  Steve presses his nose more deliberately into tousle of Tony's hair, and runs a hand through it for good measure.  Tony gives a bodily shiver, swaying a little when Steve steps back to make the short trip to his own bedroom.
Steve groaned, rolling up into a sitting position.  He needed a shower badly, especially if he was going to take Clint and Natasha up on their training offer. For cripes sake, he couldn’t let his libido get in the way of a more seamless experience on the field.
he said, yes, he is, he is only for Tony, always, as long as Tony wants him.
, Baby's breath
“Or if I had not been precisely where I was there is a very high possibility that you would be far more grievously injured than the few surface injuries I received. Or worse, dead. Do not be so quick to throw away your life.” Iron Man's voice is even, but Steve feels something hot burn in his chest.
“Tony,” Steve says sharply, almost as though he's been struck. He takes a breath though, speaks again softly, as if there's a bomb in the room. “Tony don't talk about yourself like that-and that's not at all what I want, and I'm sorry, so sorry if I've said something or done something to make you think-to make you think you're not special to me.” Steve scoots closer, dropping to his knees on the carpet so he can get close without looming. His hand rests near Tony's, but he doesn't touch, seemingly waiting for Tony to bridge that gap if he wants to. Tony can't look at him all over again.
When he wakes the next time his ears are still ringing. Bright fluorescent lights go by above him like the white lines on a road. Someone is clasping his hand, holding it as the gurney he's on rolls through hallways. The grip on his fingers is strong and sure despite the size, and Tony looks up to see the hand belongs to a woman with a bright mass of wavy scarlet hair. Strange, he doesn't think black leather catsuits are standard hospital attire. At his other side the blond with the face of a sculpture and the body to match is keeping up with the running medical staff effortlessly. Behind them a woman in a perfectly polished business suit is keeping pace despite her towering heels. Tony doesn't know her, but he feels an intense feeling of comfort seeing her there.
Steve takes his hand away from where it's braced against the wall, grabbing Tony's chin and tipping his head back. Tony's pupils are blown, a dark flush across his cheeks. Steve drags his thumb over kiss reddened lips, watching Tony's eyes flutter closed in clear expectation of another kiss-and Steve gives it to him, burying his fingers in Tony's hair, and slanting their mouths together again. It's hotter this time, dirtier with Tony giving just as good as he gets; strong fingers winding into Steve's hair to pull until Steve growls and nips at Tony's lips warningly.
“There's more pasta and chicken up in the kitchen if you want it later, wouldn't want you to think I'd leave you without seconds.” Steve says, once Tony has found his zen again.
“Really?” Iron Man sounds like he's having trouble modulating his own voice. Steve almost smiles to hear it.  “Would you have liked it? If the two of you had um. If you had kissed him.” There's a warm gauntleted hand on his lower back. Steve shudders, plucking the shield off and setting it by his feet so Iron Man can rub slow soothing circles over his shoulders. He's still not as warm as another person, but it's good, better than he could have expected.
“We could.   Here, now. We could pretend that we're a normal couple.”  Tony is standing by one of the huge windows framing the kitchen, his shoulder leaning against it.  Bright lights splash colors across his face and chest, the neon of the city making his outline against the sleet speckled glass seem to glow.  “Spend the whole weekend with me. We'll make breakfast, lunch, and dinner, watch terrible daytime television and stay in bed until the afternoon.  I’ll call you darling and-” Tony’s eyes raise to his, dark and unreadable and yearning all at once. “-beloved, and you’ll call me sweetheart while we dance in the living room.”  He finishes with a smile that quivers at the corners.
“So, where are we going?” Tony asks, turning towards Steve while they both buckle their seat-belts. The car slides seamlessly into reverse, and they're out on the street in no time.
“Shoulda told Iron Man to hit him again.” Steve mutters, and Tony's head snaps up.
“Maybe” Steve admits with a shrug. “Maybe I've been doing a little reading too, this century sure has a lot of advice you can just go out and buy.” The thought of Steve standing in a bookstore looking through the self help section presents such a surreal picture that Tony's brain can scarcely comprehend it. Steve pauses as if mulling over what he's going to say next, as if he's weighing each thing he says with careful consideration. “I don't think you would hide anything because you wanted to hurt me some way.”
“Have you even ever been with a man before Steve?” He asks, all joking gone from his demeanor. A lot of people don't view their first time as something special, but Steve is from the forties. If Tony's going to do this, it seems like something important to know.
“Hey boss, how's the date going?” Happy asks immediately, Tony feels bad for talking over him, but there's no time to gush about Steve. Which is truly a crying shame.
meets his words, and Steve feels an intense rush of fondness go through him. He reaches out, brushing the backs of his fingers over Tony's hand, then up to comb through dark tangled hair. One golden brown eye cracks open to regard him tiredly, and Steve tries to make his smile as encouraging and welcoming as possible.
"I really could have made a tasteless joke there, but I didn't. I am a paragon of restraint, and I'm beating Clint's score by at least fifty points.”
“You know, it’s illegal how cute you are.”  Tony murmured, cutting Steve off when he started to speak.  “No, I know what I’m about, that face is a ten year prison sentence in the Dakotas, I’m pretty sure.”  He went on, it sounded like he was picking up steam.  Steve thunked his head onto Tony’s knee, and he stopped though, sitting back and just resting his hand on the back of Steve’s neck.  It was comforting, relaxing, especially when Tony began absently rubbing his thumb there.
old man. You better bring your A-game.” Tony's smile is wide, and stays that way until he leads everyone over to the ridiculously huge and lavishly decorated tree in the east facing atrium to pass out presents. Steve is briefly worried that his present will be something he'll be too worried about the cost of to enjoy, but it's not. Tony pulls him aside while the others chatter and exchange gifts to pass him a box wrapped in paper with tiny iron man armors wearing Santa hats. Steve laughs, shaking his head and opening it carefully.
“Think I need to go sleep.”
“Is it dangerous if you get stressed?” Steve's concern is palpable, but he's not dragging down their date by detailing the situation in his chest, so Tony laughs, shaking his head.
“What about dessert he says.”  Tony smiles, blue eyes twinkling with amusement.  “Alright, but you have to let my hand go first, gorgeous.”  That seems terribly unfair, although it is sound logic. Steve sighs in a mock put upon fashion, but relinquishes his hold.  He whistles as Tony walks off, and Steve smiles to hear him laughing all the way to the kitchen. There’s a few noises, plates being moved around and something pouring.  Tony is back soon after; two large bowls held in his arms.
to have said about me-I'm covered in scars, did you know that? Not like you, you're...I,”  Tony's eyes are wide, so wide. Steve carefully sets down his new uniform, placing it atop one of the many tables scattered around the workshop.  “Even if we're ever...if we're ever going to sleep with each other. I'm. You can't see part of my chest. There's a pacemaker, it's. I can't show it to you.” Steve nods, feeling something twist in his core. A complicated cascade of emotions. Want, anger, fierce and protective, all circling back into a dizzying rush that Tony has said a lot of things, but he hasn't said
"You can thank me by taking pizza duty next week."  She says, without missing a beat.
One of the Moloids shot something at Iron Man, and he caught it in the chest, it looked like on purpose.  He used the momentum to spin backwards, coming to a halt before he hit the stands, and then rocketing back to come to a skidding stop in front of Mole man.
Tony stops to plug the foundation's goals now and then, but the walk up to the ballroom where the gala is being hosted goes smoothly. Once inside Tony goes backstage to prepare for his speech. He's stretching out his fingers and mentally rehearsing despite knowing full well it's unnecessary-when Steve comes up behind him.
“JARVIS, please distract me.” He says, raking his hands over is face to keep from reaching down and imagining
One suggestion turns into two, and two into Steve calling out strategic suggestions to the team unthinkingly. Iron man bounces ideas off of him, able to see from above them as he is. He's fast, agile, and he packs a wallop Steve is duly impressed by. Just as he's impressed by Captain Marvel drop kicking one of their overzealous greeters into a high arc while Hawkeye yells 'Field Goal' over the comms.
“I’ll leave you to it then, if you have a need of me I will not be far.”  Jarvis said, nodding towards him.
This chapter is from Steve's perspective.  The usual warnings apply, some religious imagery, talk of drowning, and presumed character death.  (no one is really dead though as we know)
“Love makes you weak, Captain, look, it has delivered you here to me all alone. You came here for vengeance did you not, for your young friend, Bucky? Or perhaps not, why, Captain America is far too noble and good an alpha to stoop to something so lowly as vengeance, what then, hmm?” Zemo was pacing back and forth, waving the disintegrator gun around, fully in his own theater production. Steve just watched him, waiting for an opening. “No, I see, I see now, it is to protect your pretty new teammates from me, so you do not lose them as well. Silly, silly alpha, you always were driven to foolishness by your altruism.” The tone was so mocking, so grating, Steve wanted to take his dinky little gun and shove it down his throat, but too much anger would cloud his judgment, so he centered himself, rolling out of the way when Zemo fired off a shot in his direction. He seemed to think he had the upper hand, that he had Steve where he wanted him, if his lazy use of the gun was anything to go by.
He feels it draw tight in his belly, the sensation sucking him under like a tide. Sometimes his orgasms are slow, molasses sweet, a sigh out while his toes curl. This one punches through him when Steve thrusts deep, grinding against his prostate, holding his hips pinned against the pillows while his callused fingers squeeze around his cock in a perfect slide. His ears are ringing, rushing, he's gasping something out against the pillow, grabbing at the sheets and biting down on soft cotton. Steve strokes him through it, whispering into his ear and rocking their hips together to draw it out. Tony slumps against the bed, utterly spent, jerking and groaning as Steve thrusts once, twice, then holds there, coming with an loud, decadent moan of his own.
“Mister Stark dislikes falling asleep on couches alone. It is ah..a quirk.” There's a story here, probably a private one, like so much of what surrounds Tony Stark. JARVIS won't tell even if he asks, Steve knows this with utmost certainty. Secrets upon secrets.
The gym is empty when he walks in, due in part to Steve making it very known to the rest of the Avengers that they might get an eyeful if they happen to be present while he puts his plan into play. That is
He laid there trembling for another twenty minutes, before swinging his legs over to rest on the floorboards.  He could reach them now when sitting on the bed, he had grown tall, but not strong, as his foolish, childish self had once dreamed.  He knew now, that the possibility was no longer there, that he would be frail and sickly for the rest of his life, however long that might be.
“Steve, I’m sorry, did I do something, or,”  Aw hell, Tony sounded worried now, that was the last thing he wanted.
He wants, G
it's successful of course.
“Course I am sweetheart, I was waiting for you.” Steve says carefully, sitting up in their bed slowly and holding a coaxing hand out towards his lover, palm up, fingers slightly curled. Brown eyes stare down at the offered hand for a long wordless minute.
“What the fuck, what's in my chest?” His voice sounds like he might have been chewing on gravel earlier, but that doesn't matter.
“Protecting people,”  She started, “Getting into fights, it does something to alphas.  Makes us feel good, invincible even, like you every day, spitfire.”  She smiled, gently tweaking his nose.  Steve wrinkled it, cuddling closer to try and share in whatever warmth he could.  “Things don’t hurt, I’ve seen alphas come into the hospital bloody and broken, and smiling, because they protected someone.”  She went quiet, her arms tightening around Steve’s body.  “It makes us stronger, it’s from Before, when we were all just wild things beating each other with sticks out in the woods.”
“You have a Nine O'clock with Senator Williams, followed by a demonstration of prototypes at the airfield at ten thirty, late lunch with the LabCorp reps to discuss your new testing supplies for heavy metal poisoning in the water supply. That is scheduled tentatively for one, but we can move that later if the demonstration takes too long.” She pauses, looking back at the airmen-Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes-his mind supplies. Tony Stark's longtime friend and military liaison.
Thor is taller than Steve, larger than life, with a jovial booming voice and eyes too wise for the youth of his face. He claps Steve on the back, praises his survival as if making a proclamation, and then offers to say a prayer for Steve's fallen. It is as jarring as it is kind.
“I'm...okay, systems still online, we're good. What the fuck is that thing?” The glass of the reactor is cracked, smoking holes in the armor around the glowing circle where the creature had clearly intended to rip it out.
“You get a lot done today?” He asks quietly once the lights have drawn down and the movie has begun. Tony hums in reply, sighing when Steve slips his fingers into soft dark hair, petting Tony slowly while the screen erupts into an action sequence that has Thor cheering and Jan joining in excitedly.
“You know what Hawkeye, why not? After SHIELD comes and picks up our friend here-don't want him waking up and causing another ruckus.” Steve says. His concession to Clint's carnie ways is met with a loud round of cheering from several of the other Avengers. Well, that settles it, looks like he's going to be in the armor for another few hours at least. Tony really hopes they don't expect him to ride anything in gold titanium alloy. A quick scan of the dinky little roller coaster tracks makes Tony want to weep into his helmet-or maybe show up with a wrecking crew to rebuild those death traps into something so much better.
“So what sort of hat am I wearing for this party next week?” Steve asks, becoming only slightly worried by the glint in Tony's eyes.
“The press can go take a long walk. I don't care what they say, I want you Tony, all for myself.” Fuck, well, what Steve wants Steve gets. Sweet Nicola Tesla, he is so screwed. Rhodey's going to laugh himself into an early grave.
“Bring it back” He says, closing it into Stark's hand. “it will keep you safe.”
“Got so many nicknames for us it's hard to keep track.” Steve shoots back, grinning when Tony grabs his ears and gives him a playful shake.
“Baby I’m a fool who thinks it’s cool to fall in love,”  Tony murmurs under his breath along with the song, his hand stroking over the short blond hairs at the nape of his neck.
And to
“Yeah, some quick thinking on his part saved us from a whole lot of property damage. I woulda told him after the debrief, but he jetted off in a jiffy.” Steve drops another kiss on his cheek, smiling down at Tony in that sweet boyish way of his that makes Tony feel slow and stupid. Tony blinks up at him owlishly, fighting down the giant smile threatening to overtake his whole face. Steve thinks he did well! Steve is pleased with Iron Man-Captain America is
“What are you doing?” He whispers to himself, jumping slightly when JARVIS cuts through the silence with his crisp words.
“Goddammit.” Steve groans, dropping his head into his hands. Jan comes over to sit next to him, patting his shoulder in sympathy.
They're laying wrapped up in each other when Steve lets it slip. Tony is warm, sprawled across his chest and working on something scrolling across the thin glass of his phone. His lips are still reddened from the kisses they shared before, his hair mussed from Steve pulling it while he took Steve to the edge and back over and over again. Steve stares at him, and just can't help the words that come tumbling out of his mouth.
Steve very carefully set his pencil down, gnawing at his lip.  “Ma, can omegas really tell what you’re thinking about?”  He finally got out, after a few moments of staring into eyes just as blue as his own.  Sarah just laughed, staring skyward for a moment, before sitting down across the table from him.
The determined face is back. Tony wonders how weird it would be if he just jettisoned himself out the window right this moment.
“Alright, let’s see what this old Betty can do.”  Steve said, shifting the car into drive, and putting his foot down on the pedal.  Tony whooped as they peeled out of their spot on the tarmac.
The shower itself was astoundingly luxurious, especially given the last time he’d had one it had been in a barrack.  The floors and walls were done up in a pale green stone that looked almost translucent, milky and swirled with deeper green tones.  It was heated too, the floor warm beneath his bare feet.  He stayed under the spray until even his skin flushed red, and his fingers started to prune.  The linen closet was full of huge fluffy towels so obscenely soft, Steve wondered if they were made from some heretofore unknown fabric.
“This is-” Steve's eyes widen when he realizes what he's looking at. He doesn't understand it, but he's seen Tony working on it, agonizing over it enough to appreciate the importance of what he's seeing. “The equation, that code you've been working on isn't it?”
Tony wonders if he's famous. All of this subterfuge seems to hint at that heavily, even if Steve says he loves subsistence farming. Bucky nearly laughed his ass off hearing that, so Tony figures it's a lie. The guy does look like he could lift a tractor though; having him around a farmhouse should be an experience.
“Everything is great, actually, I came by to tell, well-to ask you-to pack a bag, if you want.”  He shifted on the bed, tapped his fingers together.  It made his rings jingle.  Tony was, Steve blinked, Tony was
knows.”
“You've got yourself a deal Mister Stark, but I want to walk you to your door. Got to do this right.” Tony's answering smile is small and slightly shy in a way Steve knows other people don't get to see. Steve doesn't
“Tell me other things you like, I want to know how to make you happy.” Steve says, pressing kisses to his lips, making him dizzy with want and heat totally out of place to sitting on an innocuous bench in a park.
It was a day after he received his Avengers communicator that it first went off.  Tony was still not back from his trip out of state, but he had still found time to build the slim device and envoy it to him.  It came with one of his little sticky notes, and another Iron Man stick figure.  Steve had stuck it on the cork board behind his desk with the first.
The art at the bottom of this chapter was done by the amazing and wonderful
As I was
The heavy bag was comforting under his hands, familiar.  It was easy to lose himself in the repetitive motion of it, to not think of anything else but the positioning of his body, the angle of his strikes.  He worked on it until he was breathing hard, until a tangle of tension released from between his shoulder blades.
“I was thinking of a way to show you-” Steve reaches up, thumb pressing at the vivid mark that's formed high up on Tony's neck. His mark. Tony gasps, hand snapping up to hold Steve's hand there. Their eyes meet, as Steve rubs at the bruise. “To show you I'm serious about wanting this, wanting everything.” His hand drops despite Tony's sad little sound of dismay. “It's not much, but well, you sure do make it hard for a guy to give you presents.” Steve reaches into his pocket then, pulling a small red baggie out. He passes it over as if it's an explosive, biting his lip while Tony opens it.
He slept well that night again, but woke some time just before dawn feeling overheated and lonely. His vision in the dark since the serum was fantastic, but it had sharpened, and seemed almost day-bright despite all the lights being off. Every scent around the room was sharper as well. He wondered where the team was, the urge to herd them into one spot where he could make sure they were safe, taken care of, and well fed seemed to be the most pressing thing imaginable. His own scent seemed far stronger to his own nose, strong enough that even someone unenhanced might catch a whiff from across the room. He hadn’t been expecting rut, his alpha cycle so soon, but it was very likely brought on by having close contact with an omega. He’d read about that happening before, and people joked that alphas would often sync to their omega partner’s heats. He wondered if maybe Tony was due for a heat, and-he forcibly tore his mind away from that thought, and stood up to pace around the room.
“Christ Rogers, way to give it to me.” Tony sounds breathless, reaching back to pat over Steve's hair almost soothingly.
As always comments and kudos are tremendously encouraging and give me something to smile about.  If you'd like to follow my tumblr, it's
“My friend!” Thor calls, setting down what looks to be an entire turkey. “Soon you will be a beautiful butterfly!” Thor grabs Tony from Steve's arms, swinging him around in a circle.
“I believe there are many people in your life whom would debate the first half of that statement-myself included."  JARVIS' tones are soothing, and it makes Tony's eyes well up with how much it reminds him of his namesake.  How many times had the human Jarvis used this tone when coaxing him from a hiding place?  How many times had he held a handkerchief to Tony's face while he sobbed about something Howard had done?  But no, as much as he wants to believe what JARVIS is saying, he also can't put people he loves-people who love him in return for some reason-in danger.
“Is this-” Tony blinks down at the object inside, eyebrows rising nearly up into his hairline.
“Sorry, sorry, if I would have known I'd have made another circle round the block.” Happy says when Tony has trotted off towards the cafe in search of what he had once called his one true love.
Steve sighed, sitting back in his chair and ripping open a bag of rice cakes as he watched the satellite feeds scroll past. His body was still thrumming as his alpha cycle kicked into full gear, but the search for Zemo gave him a purpose at least, something to turn that energy towards. Zemo would attack his team, and so he had to be stopped at all costs. A man like the Baron would always be dangerous, even behind bars. Steve sat forward in his chair as one of the satellites paused on Alcatraz. Steve paused the feed, zooming in on the island. It was defensible, structurally sound, and would make a great base for any would-be villain. Perhaps not Alcatraz itself, as it had too many visitors and eyes on it, but there were other island prisons around the world, places steeped in horrible histories. The kind of histories that might call to a vile man the likes of Zemo.
“I’m fine.” He reasserted.
The game went on, but he didn’t let go of Tony’s hand until the halftime show began.  The Patriots cheerleaders were down on the field performing impressively, one of the guys had just thrown a tiny woman high into the air when the ground rumbled ominously.
He wants to say.
“It’s our pleasure, my pleasure, anything you need, just ask, if I’m not awake, come get me.  I’ll need to get you an Avengers comm too, you can always call on me through that too.”  It was a lot, that much kindness and consideration.  Steve bunched the blanket around his hands, and put his best smile on.  The one Bucky said made him look like a real stand up kind of fella.
“Just relax honey, when the water is all set, we'll have that bath, and you can look me over, as promised,” Tony says, waggling his eyebrows in a way that both makes Steve feel hot all over and makes him laugh.
Steve snorts, gripping Tony's hips, and flipping him onto his back with one calculated move. Tony goes over with a yelp, but he seems more aroused by the manhandling than offended-that quick mind of his working even now, directing Steve to wedge a pillow beneath his hips so he can spread his legs over Steve's arms; the bends of his knees lining up just so with the crook of Steve's elbows. It's obscene, looking down at Tony like this, and Tony seems to know what he's thinking, dark eyes glittering as he wraps his hand around his cock to give himself slow even strokes. The motion of his hand stills when Steve takes himself in hand, and presses against the stretched rim of his body. He teases the head against him, pushing in just enough to let him feel it, before pulling out again, repeating the motion until Tony whimpers and tries to drag him closer with his legs.
“Close your eyes, just let me, let me make you feel good.” Steve says hoarsely, and really, why would Tony resist that kind of offer.
The suit had been
It felt so good to hear that, to hear someone had looked at him and seen something, what, he didn’t know.  “You said that before, but why me?  Why pick me to do all this? What have you been looking for?”  He asked, almost afraid to hear the answer, that Erskine would say something cruel, that this was all somehow a ruse, or maybe a dream.
Deep down Steve knows that loving Tony with everything he has might not be the best idea. If Tony is who he thinks he is; who he
“I want you too, darling, all of this, as you say.  Now, let me fetch our decadent breakfast in bed” Tony strokes over Steve's cheek twice, before clambering off the bed really pretty gracelessly for Tony's usual flair.  There is a legged tray sitting on the bedside table. It's piled with what looks like enough still steaming food to feed a small army. Or maybe just Steve and one other person.  Steve sets about piling pillows against the headboard and sitting up, making sure to leave an obvious open space next to himself for Tony to occupy. This proves fruitful, as Tony sets the tray down partially over Steve's legs, and then slips up against his side, setting his chin on Steve's shoulder and resting there.
Tony blinks in confusion though, turning in his seat to look at Steve. There are four seats in the back of the car. It's more like a small rolling living room than an actual vehicle. Bucky is beside Steve, gloved hand over a very bulky pocket in his black cargo pants, eyes on the street going by outside. Tony wonders how he can see out the window with tinting that dark.
“Busy, one of the plant supervisors wanted a bonus more than he had any sense, but it’s all squared away now.  How have you been, Waspie?  High pockets better be taking you out dancing.”  He said, laughing as she took his ungloved right hand and spun herself into a twirl.  There was lipstick on his cheek.  He didn’t seem to have noticed.
That worry follows him all through the ensuing cleanup and speaking with the city authorities. If this was any other teammate he would have insisted on a hospital visit. Iron Man's dedication to his secret identity makes that incredibly difficult. From what the others tell him he's been at the whole superhero business for years already. Objectively Steve knows he can't force his new friend to seek professional medical attention, but he still worries. He hopes Mister Stark's medical technology is as miraculous as everything else he makes.
Parts of the dialogue in this chapter are taken from Avengers 15 from the 60s-be warned for some good old 60s bullshit if you go read the comic however.
As always, your comments and kudos give life to my tiny little grinch heart.
“What, Thor? No I think he's happy with the super soldier he's got following him around lately.” Tony snarks, eyeing Thor's path towards another booth that demands feats of strength.  Tony foresees more bills coming his way, Thor and his massive biceps will not be tamed.  Steve laughs, oblivious to Tony's ongoing damage calculations, cuffing Tony on the shoulder companionably-but carefully, it barely registers.
“Get what?” Steve sounds so bewildered. “Tony, I love you, I'm in love with you.” He can't have heard that right, but Steve continues on doggedly, taking his chin in his hand to kiss him between words.
“Oh you are fantastic, Steve, truly full of surprises.”  The way he said it made Steve feel warm down to his toes.  As did the look he gave Steve later that night when they walked to his room together and Tony bid him goodnight.  Steve watched him until he disappeared into his own room.
“Morning Natasha, anything on the agenda today?”  He asked, taking another bite of his sandwich.
“More than, more than okay-and how do you think
“You’re not alone,” He said, daring to reach out and clasp her shoulder, “we’re Avengers, we’re a team, I got your back, Widow.” He meant it too. Sure, he missed the forties something terrible, but he couldn’t go back, and he was surprised to find he didn’t want to, not anymore. The team needed him here, they cared about each other, about him, they wanted him to find a home among them, and he wanted that too.
“Oh. He didn't have his hearing aides in.” Tony says, and Steve's eyes narrow. Oh god. Tweety and Cap are going to have a fucking face off about snack cakes, and Tony just came in his pants in the back of his jag. What is Tony's life? What is the world coming to?
Some warnings here for panic attacks, discussions of PTSD, sexual content, and Tony being a smidge masochistic about bruises.  Also Tiberius Stone being a creepy, creepy asshole.  If mentions of stalking are triggering to you, skip the section that begins with “Stop looking guilty" and ends with “Can you still get in touch-".
“Oh god Steve, honey, baby, darling, that was the hottest-” Tony gasps when Steve crowds him up against the wall at last, that big body pressed all along his as Steve brackets him with his arms. “-thing I've ever seen. I probably shouldn't encourage you, but god
“Not yet, gimme one more try, c'mon this is embarrassing.” He doesn't look embarrassed though, just flustered and appealingly rumpled.
“Thor let me have a bite of that Froyo stuff he was eating. It was really good, I thought we could go get some.” He trails off when Tony just stares.  “I can choose something different, we don't have to-it just seemed..”
“It's wow. It's really keen, never thought I'd see anything like it.” Beside him Iron Man sputters a little bit, but Steve ignores him, turning his head this way and that, trying to get a look at everything as they pass it.
They were doing a routine training exercise, a few privates from the main part of Camp Lehigh stood at attention as they were passed modified 1903 Springfield rifles.  It was cold out, the chill crept in even through Steve’s coat, his breath left him in white vaporous clouds as he lined up outside with his fellow cadets.  They were to be shot at with non lethal bullets, it sounded a little nutso to Steve, but he supposed they’d be getting shot at by the real thing soon anyway, so maybe it
“You're Captain America. You're allowed to have a bad day. Or a bad month, or a bad whatever. You're the biggest hero that ever lived, but that probably doesn't mean jack shit to you right now does it?” It's so odd that the person comforting him the most is encased in metal, but Steve will take what he can get right now.
“Tony.” Steve's tone shakes him, from following that thread any further.
“Widow, you missed the welcoming committee!” Hawkeye yells, making a beeline for the aircraft.
True to his word, after they took their seats, Tony sauntered off whistling, returning with arms laden with a huge box of food and foam memorabilia, while Roy sat silent and fuming the entire time.
"Always such a
.” Some of Tony's usual bravado is creeping back into his voice, but he still sounds wobbly and awestruck. Steve is happy to hear it though, that Tony liked the flowers, and happier when Tony steps up into his space and lets Steve hold him, squeezing the blooms between their bodies.  It's loud, the gold tissue crinkling between them, but it's perfect anyway. Then Tony is off, putting the flowers in a vase and busying himself with diagrams of Steve's new uniform, seemingly trying to regain his composure. Steve can relate.
Fantastic, now come on, give me a thrust, hit me with your best shot, sunshine.” Tony purrs, stroking himself again, unbending one of his legs to tap Steve's thigh with his heel. “Giddy up, cowboy,” Tony says, laughing when it registers even through the happy haze making Steve's thoughts slow, and he smiles wide, firming his hold on Tony's hips to hold him steady while he begins to move; carefully at first but then more decisively, firmly working his cock into Tony, watching his face, his body, reveling in the way Tony's body clutches at him, the way Tony's entire chest flushes and his eyes fall shut.
His mouth moved without his own permission.  “I got a pair you could borrow.”  His voice sounded far away, as if he was speaking from a distance.  Oh no, Tony was looking at him.  Of course he was, Steve had gone and opened his big yap.  Still, it was too late to walk it back, and Tony was looking over at him in askance.  “Sorry, you probably want to go grab some of your own.”
“There's too many things that trip his memories here. We have to get him out. This is going to kill him otherwise.” Tony vaguely recognizes that voice, for some reason he thinks of peppercorns. Maybe he should find it worrying that he's completely calm after waking up in a room with very little idea of how he got there, but something tells him these people are here to help.
“From where I’m sitting, there’s no one more deserving of help than you, Cap.” He was holding the phone again, but he tucked it back in his pocket. He still looked upset.
“Whatever makes you happy, Steve.”  He said, sliding off the table. “I uh. I need to go put these somewhere safe.”  He practically bolted from the room after that, he’d even left the stolen breadstick behind.  Steve blinked a bit to clear the cobwebs from his mind.  The room smelled a little spicy, Tony’s scent lingering even after he’d gone.
Afterwards, he laid there panting atop the sheets.  He was a mess, his chest covered in come and sweat plastering his hair to his forehead.  He’d lost track of how many times he’d come sometime after the fourth.  God he hoped nothing got on Tony’s blanket.  He’d been so desperate, so keyed up, for anything, any hint of Tony.  It was wrong of him, but he’d balled the heated blanket up, pressed his nose into it while imagining Tony was there with him.  The blanket did not even smell like Tony anymore, but that was beside the point to Steve’s lizard brain.
“Ugh, what the HELL is that?”  Hawkeye groaned, as they made their way out of the jet.
“Not gonna kill him, just got a point to make, and I'd like to see 'em try.” Steve practically growls. “I'm an American icon, or so they keep telling me. They can't touch me.” That was definitely a growl.  Hammer starts screaming, and Tony wants to scream too, but for completely different reasons.
“Oh, someone's been taking care of the house making sure it's habitable. They must have been feeding a cat.” Rhodey's voice breaks Tony out of his contemplation of the empty bee boxes situated near one of the fences.
Then Tony twists beneath him to lay on his back, reaching up to rest his palm just over the center of his chest. Tony's fingers are warm, five points of heat against his sternum. He rests it there, eyes flicking down to his hand, where Steve is sure his heart beats against his ribcage far too rapidly to be from a simple sparring match. Tony has touched him before, many, many times, but never like this. He's never stroked a line of heat down Steve's stomach, never reached further down to cup him through his pants with clever dexterous fingers. Steve groans, shifting down to cage Tony against the floor with his arms, bracketing slim muscular hips with his knees.
He made it another month before finding out about weighted blankets.  He bought two of the heaviest, highest quality ones he could find, but it was no substitution for a real living person.  His nights alternated between pacing his room, working out until he was forced to close his eyes, or reading about everything he’d missed in the library.  Tony often came to sit with him, offering no judgment, and relaxing conversation.  He was incredibly patient with all of Steve’s questions, and seemed perfectly content to sit there, and pull up articles, or explain things in great detail.  Sometimes he even pressed close beside Steve, which was lovely, but he always looked worried, and as if he had something to say.
“Thank you, Tony, this is good, thank you, for all of this.”  He wants to go further with it.
“We done here?” Tony asks, ignoring how wrecked his own voice sounds, Steve waits until Jan has skipped off to adjust himself surreptitiously. Tony would very much like to offer a blowjob or ten, but that's crossing a line with Fury even he doesn't want to tread over. That and, Steve would definitely say no. The thought is nice though, Tony adds that to his increasingly Steve centered spank bank.
Steve shrugs, feeling his cheeks heat up something fierce.  “Serum, and uh, being around you.”
“Oh my god. I'm divorcing you Rhodey, and leaving you for pancakes and Captain America.” Tony says with an obscene and probably overdramatic moan around a bite of fluffy golden pancake. There's syrup just on the corner of his mouth. Steve wants to lick it.  Rhodes just rolls his eyes, inured to the whole production.
“Thank you, Captain Rogers, Master Tony informed me you might be in the need of a pick me up.  I have made you what I make him when he is feeling under the weather.  There are extra cups, and fresh tea, should you find it not to your liking.”  He rolled the tray right up to the bed, almost as if he knew Steve was in no shape to get up, plucked the full mug from the tray, and passed it into Steve’s hands.  The cup was so warm, it smelled like chamomile and honey.  Steve curled his hand around the mug, tucking it against his chest.
In other circumstances Steve would almost feel bad for the idiot but he had plans for today. He had been looking forward to spending more time with Tony at the MOMA, or really anywhere-and had instead gotten called out for this: Some guy in a feather suit causing mayhem in times square. Despite Iron Man being right there, this isn't the way he was hoping their date would go. Steve thinks the city is getting a little too comfortable with calling them for things local law enforcement could probably handle.
“Tony, he's incredible. Did you make him?” His hand is still being puppeted up and down, but he doesn't care, it's just so keen. Tony made actual robots, robots and an A.I. that have personalities of their own.
“It was very dramatic. There was a laser light show, possibly a few explosions as well.” Iron Man says archly, Stark sputters a bit. Pepper steps aside to place a large stack of leather bound files on the kitchen table and Steve finally gets a good look at Mister Stark.
There were a pair of doors, which opened at their approach, and then swung shut behind them.  Steve could hear locks sliding into place behind them.  It occurred to him yet again, as it had been occurring to him since he stepped into Dr. Erskine’s Packard, that he really had no idea what he had signed up for.  He was alone behind a pair of doors that sounded like they’d need an industrial strength battering ram to get through with a man he barely knew.  A man who now regarded him with careful but gentle eyes.
Even the ocean cannot keep them apart forever though. Their connection has bloomed now, with time, and maturity, and a soul-deep longing they both echo. And so Steve sees him in his own dreams, floating and timeless as they are. He traces his shape in the churches of his childhood, holds him close beneath the chill of the water, so close he can almost feel his soulmate's warmth. Again and again they find each other, like comets streaking across the sky in differing paths, or stars pulled into each others orbit. He sees his soulmate bent over schematics, and again standing at a building site holding plans, and again along a cold shoreline pounding with a frothy, angry surf.
“Good lord, you're made of granite, incredible.” Tony mutters, leaning shamelessly into Steve's space to demand a hug. A hug which he gets without delay. Steve holds him, his arms a loose circle around his waist. He seems content to let Tony use him as a space heater for a moment, but then he speaks.
Three hours later he jerks awake to the sound of sirens going off. He's half sprawled over a lab table, sheets of plans sticking to his face when he raises his head.
“Yeah he did make spaghetti, but you're right, we should shower first. We're kind of a mess.” Steve looks immensely proud of himself, and more than a little red.
“Back to the mansion for info-dumping I guess then.” Tony says, doing a little adjusting of his own while they make their way back to the jet. Steve just nods, draping an arm around his waist and rubbing his fingers over the silky material of his waistcoat.
The drive back home to his apartment was as surreal, the climb up to his door seeming unreal even as he turned the key and stepped over the threshold.  He spent an hour laid up in his bed with his bottle of hot water wrapped in towels before he brought himself to begin packing.  There wasn’t much to bring, but his pastels bought with his own hard work, and his expensive heavy-weight drawing paper were the first to be carefully stowed away.  His suit went next, it was a little short in the ankles, but he had not been able to afford a new one, and it was in good shape, no moth eaten holes or stray threads.
As always, comments and kudos are GREATLY appreciated and cherished.  If you'd like to follow me on tumblr,
“I like a lot of things Steve, and I'll like anything you like probably, unless it involves um.” Tony licks his suddenly dry lips “Blindfolds, I used to really like them, but I-I can't now. Being tied up, that kind of thing, used to love it.” Tony has been on both sides of the experience, both the one doing the tying, and the one tied up, he hates that it's just one more thing his kidnapping stole from him.  He wishes he were stronger.
“Hey Winghead, are you sure you want me to do this, sure you don't want something to take the edge off at least a little?” Iron Man sounds so hesitant, and Steve is reminded again of how little faith Tony has in the trust others put in him. The empty suit is much more self assured, all the more reason to suggest it's the man he loves in the armor. Steve smiles despite the situation, tipping his head back against rough bark and sighing a long breath out before staring back into the faceplate.
It's also wrong. The thought breaks through his lust fogged mental exclamations with all the force of a battering ram. Steve doesn't want him like this. Tony has never been the kind of guy to take advantage of another person. Tony likes his partners explicitly willing and enthusiastic. Steve is a friend, his
“Noted. Come down to the lab later and help me develop something to get Steve high? Please.” The big pleading eyes are killer, it seems even Bruce isn't immune. Their resident gamma expert just slumps, shaking his head and smiling at Tony with surprising indulgence.
Wow it's been a while, I apologize for taking so long getting this hammered out.  all I can say is that adulting sucks and I recommend it to exactly no one.  A million, billion thank yous to those of you who allowed me to cry and carry on in your ear, and who cheered me on to keep writing even if it was only a few words at a time, yall are the real MVPS.  The art in this chapter is thanks to the amazing
“The way you say that I kinda get the feeling this has happened before.” There's a slight blush across Steve's cheeks. Tony fights the urge to poke them. Natasha just fixes them both with one of her unimpressed stares.
He wonders if his soulmate will be proud, if they will love him.  Tony wants so desperately to be loved. He knows, it doesn’t matter what his soulmate looks like, he’ll cherish them.  Hold them close.  Careful like his mothers’ pearls when he buckles the tiny filigree gold clasp around her wrist. His mother who is not Howard’s soulmate.  His mother who teaches him to play the piano and cries tears clearer than the ocean in his dreams when she thinks no one is looking.
He draws her holding a gun and kicking her enemies in the face. When he gives it to her she laughs and kisses him on the cheek. He swears he's red for days after that.
“Fat chance.” Steve said grimly, emerging from behind the weapon cart, easily catching his shield as it spun back, and hefting it in front of himself. “What would you know of grief? You’ve never loved anyone or anything other than yourself.” He felt the anger then, stronger, more acutely than ever when Zemo merely laughed, pointing his gun in Steve’s direction. His movements seemed slow though, easy to track, with rut and the serum sharpening Steve’s reactions. Zemo was not an alpha, and he had never met Steve in circumstances like these.
“Hey fella, it's just me, just getting you to your room, it's okay. You're safe.” Steve hopes he's doing alright at being non threatening, the last thing he wants to do is upset him.  Tony stares at him searchingly for a moment; coppery eyes glassy and wild. Steve recognizes that look and wishes he didn't. Whatever Tony sees in his face seems to calm him however. He slumps in Steve's hold, leaning his head on a broad shoulder and allowing his eyes to slide shut again.
and God does Steve want that.
“Carefully, again.” Jarvis murmurs encouragingly, and Steve repeats his approach, smiling when Tony leans into his touch this time instead of away.
“Eyes closed Tony, just for a little while.” Pepper sounds so certain that everything will be just fine, so he nods, letting his eyes flutter shut. They give him a moment to get his bearings, and then they're moving in a tight knit group down a long hallway. There's a whooshing of doors, obviously the entrance to an elevator. It must be a pretty big elevator if all of them fit, but they do.
“God, Tony, do you even know what you do to me?” Steve grits out, arousal palpable in every word, and Tony's eyes go dark and hot as his words register.
“Can you still get in touch with him?” Natasha cuts in, startling them both. He had almost forgotten the rest of the team was still there.
Time slips through his fingers like water after that. He only wakes when Steve very gently tucks him into bed. Tony waves an arm around, catching Steve by the shirt before he gets beyond arm's reach.
“Yeah, you've got pretty eyes.” He says softly, meeting Tony's gaze dead on. Tony puts his spoon down to take his sunglasses off wordlessly, folding them up and leaving them on the table. “Better, thank you sweetheart.” Then he leans over the table to pull Tony into a long sweet kiss that makes Tony's toes curl in his shoes. Steve's mouth is cool and sugary sweet, he swipes his tongue over Tony's lips to make him shiver.  Tony wants to crawl into his lap and never leave, but self control is apparently a thing that exists even for him.  “What flavor is yours?” Steve asks, drawing back from the kiss, but not before pressing his lips to the corner of Tony's mouth. Tony shakes himself, looking down at his half forgotten bowl.
“Yeah I'm coming. Can we make whoopee in the car?” Steve asks, knowing full well that Tony will get a kick from the out of date slang. Sure enough he's giggling when Steve slides into the back seat with him.
“Does it hurt?” Steve asks, thumbs rubbing in slow soothing circles over the backs of Tony's hands.
“I know you probably have fancier ones, lots of them, and I’ll,”  It hurt to say it, but he wasn’t going to force a gift on Tony, like that ass end of a shareholder with the game tickets, “I’ll take them back if you don’t want them of course.”
Tony wakes with a gasp before their hands can touch.
“Steve, that was not at all what I meant.” Tony was looking over at him, a soft, gentle look that spoke of understanding. Steve firmed his jaw, as amazing as Tony’s touch had felt, he couldn’t have that. Not all the time, not again. Sure Tony seemed like he was feeling fine now, but Steve was out of commission for twenty hours. There was no telling how awful he might’ve felt while Steve was doing his best Rip Van Winkle impression.
“Steve.”  He said, sinking down into the seat, feeling far too gangly and uncoordinated for a place that must have been top secret.
for the art in this chapter.
“Gun it soldier, I have a bet with Barton that we'll make it before noon.” Tony says against his shoulder, arms tightening around Steve's waist when he kicks down the starter and the engine roars to life beneath them.
hedges around important things he might have needed to know at one point. It doesn't seem to matter all that much though when they kick off their high heels and clamber into bed with him in just before the sun is coming up.
“Can it tin man, you can get your cuticles all pretty later.” Carol says, but she's grinning wide.
Steve blinked, he was starting to feel sleepy, the good kind of tired, where the thought of a warm comfortable thing to lay down on sounded like the best thing in the world.  Tony was an omega, his gorgeous, amazing teammate and secret crush was an omega.  “I don’t know,”  He half slurred out, “since the forties, never had an omega touch me, anyway.”  That came out fully slurred.  Tony swore under his breath.
“Thanks Jan, okay so-Tiberius Stone, what a piece of work. We were friends once, grew up together, went to the same parties, dated in the same circles-that kind of thing.” Tony starts, pausing to take another drink. “I don't really know where it all went so wrong...”
not before Tony.
“It is not my place to say Captain Rogers. If you wish to know you will have to ask Mister Stark yourself.” JARVIS sounds vaguely regretful, but obviously not enough to tell him what he really wants to know.  Steve slumps.
“You make me want to be better, a better man, a better...everything.” Tony whispers.
and it feels so
He slept less than two hours that night, in the morning he knew he looked rough, but Tony didn’t comment, for which he was grateful.  It seemed they were both leaving some things undiscussed.
“Oh...oh
“I didn't know if you'd like them, but I figured it's a nice gift to give someone when stating your intentions.”
of him. Tony is really glad Steve isn't a mind reader for many reasons, because his brain is doing the equivalent of happy backflips, and it's embarrassing. He kind of wishes he had the faceplate to hide behind right now because keeping control of his expression is a lot harder than it should be with Steve right there being every one of Tony's dreams come true.
“No, non lo sono, la nonna era uno squalo e lo sei anche tu.”  Steve answered back without missing a beat.  Tony threw his head back and laughed delightedly.
“Iron Man, I need to talk to you.” Captain America is using his 'this is official important business' voice.  Tony very carefully extricates the straw from his mouth and sets it, and his smoothie on the counter.
He should have known life as an Avenger is never so simple. Inhumans, having to go into hiding, all of that is jarring, but Tony remains at his side. They run together, hide together. Their little family remains intact. Even if they're technically criminals now, Steve still goes to sleep at night with Tony's warm weight draped across his chest, or spooned up close. As long as Tony is here, and his team is safe, Steve can't really complain.
“I'm not gonna leave you over morning breath-” Steve cups his cheek in one big hand, thumb stroking just under his eye. “But if it really bothers you that much go brush your teeth and come back-and get dressed. I'm taking my fella out for breakfast.” Steve's eyes are twinkling with amusement when they meet his, a soft smile curving his lips upwards.
“Why are you dressed like Captain America?” Tony asks, curiosity breaking through the panic and confusion for a moment. “I mean that's an amazing costume, who made it, were we at a Halloween party?”
“Those are disgusting, and they're not food.” Steve says with feeling, as if the smoothie is a personal offense to his person.
Steve comes down into the garage at a light jog, eyes practically lighting up when he spots Tony over by the Jag. Tony blinks, then blinks again. Steve is poured into a pair of dark wash jeans and a long sleeved blue shirt so tight it looks like a good flex would make it fly right off.
“Not too bad, thank you Dr. Shellhead. Feels much better than it did before.” That's not even a lie, with the bone aligned and immobilized the pain has simmered down to a deep bruised feeling instead of the teeth grinding agony of before. Iron Man definitely knows what he's doing-which is both comforting and very much not. The thought of Tony down in his lab after missions nursing his injuries alone-bleeding and aching alone makes something dark and terrified burn bright behind his eyes.
“Santa baby-” He coos, doing a little shimmy that makes Steve's mouth go dry for all of its ridiculousness. “come hurry down my chimney tonight-” Tony grins, putting his bowl of candy aside and skipping right up to Steve with a jingle. The little striped candy cane lure dangles between them in a way Steve can only think of as menacing. Tony bounces in place, the bells adorning his sweater jingling away merrily with his movements.
of you is pretty.”  Tony rubs his stubbled cheek against Steve’s, slipping one hand beneath his flannel shirt to pet over his stomach.
Afterwards-after the false condolences-too many hands patting his shoulder-too many people wanting a piece of his grief-after that he vomited in the too pristine funeral home bathroom. His reflection in the mirror looked jagged.
Steve is just getting back to the tower after a grocery run when JARVIS clears his throat. Steve pauses in putting away enough boxes of dried pasta to feed an army, suddenly acutely aware that the kitchen is empty. The kitchen is
“Nice place, cozy.” Steve remarks, stopping to take off his boots in the entryway. The floors look sleek and easy to clean, but that doesn't mean he wants to track in the dirt and dust of the day. “So what was the plan?” He asks, not sure what to do with himself now, not sure what Tony wants, just knowing he'll do it. Before the thought would have made him uncomfortable, but being with Tony is good, it's centering, peaceful.
“Well James, welcome to the Invaders, can't say we'll help you find her, but we could always use someone with a fighting spirit.” There is a part of him that balks at someone so young joining the team, but he himself is young, and this war has younger soldiers, younger casualties. He remembers what it was like to be sent away, to be told he couldn't fight, that he was too young, too weak, too sickly. He will not do the same here now.
“Do not turn this around on me, I turned it around on you first. That's rude, and has to be against the Geneva convention or something, sneaky.” Tony babbles, reaching out to rub his hands over the soft blue shirt all but vacuum packed to Steve’s chest.
“What, turn up the heat when I can see you shivering?  I don’t think so, Cap.  I think that’s exactly what I have to do.  Especially since...”  He bit his bottom lip then snapped his mouth shut.  Steve wondered what he’d been about to say, but he didn’t want to ask anything else of him.
"Hey, what about me?"  Spidey breaks in, coming to perch on the wheel at a harrowing sideways angle.  Tony will never get used to that.
“Nay!”  Thor bellowed, throwing his hammer at the same time Steve threw his shield.  “I bear no love for Enchantress and her evil ways!”
Tony's about to spit a sonnet about the fantastic-ness of Steve's hands when Clint pipes up from his spot on the other couch. He's perched on the back of it with a bowl of popcorn, staring over at the two of them like they're better entertainment than the movie on the screen.
“Fuck yes.” Tony practically moans out. Steve feels the tips of his ears go a little hot. It's all too easy to imagine those words in a
“Sass, Captain, I see how it is.” They're both silent for a time, Tony relaxing against him once more, laying his head on Steve's shoulder. His lashes tickle a bit against Steve's neck. Steve feels himself center, things clicking back into place as they always do when Tony is in his arms. He still feels shaky and out of sorts, but it's fading, breaths coming easily now as Tony hums and kisses his neck lightly.
“I want you to chop those.”  He says, placing a slim knife in Steve’s hand that feels more like a scalpel for how small it feels clutched in his grip.  “Here.” Tony says, pressing against his back, framing steve’s arms with his own, resting his chin on Steve’s shoulder as he runs Steve through a quick series of slices to sliver the pear into thin pieces.  His grip is sure, the fingers strong, and despite the way the breadth of his body in no way dwarfs his own, Steve still feels covered, guided. He shivers a little, smiling when Tony brushes a gentle kiss over his jaw and wraps his free hand around a waist much broader than his own.
“Well that's comforting.” Iron Man murmurs under his breath, Steve hears the fine tremor in the words even quiet as they are. The reactor sparks then, a thin spiderwebbing of cracks spreading across the glass. Iron Man hisses, clapping a hand over the glowing light. Steve lets go of Iron Man for a moment to hook the shield to the holder on his back, stepping in close once more to wrap his uninjured arm around Warm smooth metal.
“So you've said, but I've heard you say that to Rhodes and Pepper before.” Steve points out, if only to see the scandalized expression on Tony's face.
“Yeah, you think so, don't think it's silly?” Tony asks quietly, after the others have drifted from the room-Sam giving him a wink and a thumbs up on the way out.
“No, no training, just wanna skate. Used to do it as a kid when 'Ma could afford it, and-” He concedes. “when I didn't have pneumonia or something else nasty keeping me in bed.”
The salad comes together without much fanfare, or at least Tony makes it look easy.  He flits about, rubbing the greens with some concoction while he cooks the pears and pecans with sugar.  When it’s all mixed together in a huge serving bowl Steve can’t help but go over and taste it surreptitiously, while Tony is chopping an onion and sniffling near the sink.  It tastes incredible. Steve has never really been a salad kind of guy, but this is sweet and savory, and perfect.
“That would seem to be the case sir.” JARVIS could at least have the decency to sound surprised.
“It doesn't have to be someone you necessarily want a relationship with. It's about trust.” Natasha finally says, folding her hands in her lap. “All field agents had someone on their files to call in the event of that sort of emergency. It might sound strange, but it can save you from a lot of uncomfortable feelings and implications after the fact.”
“Sure, of course, but I get to pick.” Steve squeezes him once more, tightly enough to make Tony wheeze and smack at his back with a laugh.
“Where are you, please tell me, where are you?” He knows there will be no answer. Twenty two years and there has never been an answer. There are tears on his face, salty and wet where they slip over his lips. Tony closes his eyes, shuts them tight against the tide rocking him to and fro.  Rhodey is visiting, and Tony thinks of going to him, waking him, but he’s shaking too much to stand.
“Sleep, I'm tired, just stay close, go to sleep, Tony.”  Steve can't help a smile of his own when he feels Tony press close and his lips curve upward against his neck.
Steve stares at them for long moments, wondering at the thoughtfulness of the gesture.  He wonders how many other things Tony has bought with bringing him here in mind. The sweetness of that, the thoughtfulness of it, makes him flush, a dopey sort of smile pulling across his face that he quickly schools away when he catches sight of himself in the mirror.  A pair of toothbrushes sit innocuously on the vanity as well as a few jars of Steve's favorite hair pomade. Steve swallows thickly, overcome suddenly with everything Tony is doing for him. These little things that really prove what they have is real.
Steve has his moments of old fashioned romantic ideas, it had taken some convincing to get Tony on board, but for a week, the two of them only see each other to fight battles. It makes their wedding day all the better. Tony wears a red suit that still somehow manages to be elegant and understated. If Steve gets a small jolt of satisfaction when he sees the cufflinks are in the shape of his shield that's just between he and Tony.
Tony is wearing thong.
“Like this?” He whispers, breathless suddenly when Tony slips a hand between their bodies.
“How delightfully sad you are, how frustrated. Hmm, I shall take pity on you, my people tell me I am quite charming.” Doom shifts on the ground, pointedly ignoring Steve's disbelieving snort to look up at Steve contemplatively.
“I trust you to have a plan for that.” Tony murmurs, sighing when Steve Tugs him up to stand, and turns him around to press their chests together.
“I shouldn’t have left like that.  You’re not feeling well.  I let my stupid feelings get in the way of what I,”  He licked his lips, pressed against Steve’s side again.  He smelled the way he usually did, like warm metal and spice, but there was a hint of something softer there, like vanilla.  “What I should be doing.”
“Hey-” Their eyes meet in the low light of the room, and Tony blinks as if he's coming out of a daze.  “Is this okay?” Steve asks, trailing his palm over Tony's arm before encouraging Tony to throw his legs over his lap.
“You really like it?” Steve asks when they come up for air.
“Oh yes, definitely, so on, wow,
“No, no kinda like the thought of someone looking out for me. Can you um. Can you” he thinks back on some of the lingo Mister Stark has used around him. “Can you uh...upload yourself in here, in my room that is?
There was a little stick figure Iron Man drawn by the initials.  Steve couldn’t help but smile.  He supposed if he had to have lost seventy years, there was no one better to have found him.
While he's drying his face off, JARVIS pops a message up on his screen. It's from Natasha, she's requesting a meeting later on in the day. “That's strangely formal, but alright then. Uh. Fit her into my five slot will you Jay?” A little ding meets his request, a calendar helpfully materializing with his list of appointments for the day. The next few hours are surprisingly empty.
“Alright well, I wouldn’t want Tony to be upset then, but I’ll warn you, I can eat a lot.”  Steve said, gamely scribbling a few things he’d like to have onto the pad of paper.  He wondered if Jarvis would judge him for wanting several pounds of hot dogs.
“Yeah,”  Steve said faintly, as they climbed a massive marble double staircase trimmed in gold.  They walked down a long hallway with rooms radiating from it like spokes in a wheel.  The doors were numbered, and labeled.  There was a vase on a marble topped table Steve had once seen in a museum.
“Something I'd like?  I like everything we've done, Tony.”  Too much, he thinks sometimes. Tony has a way of making even the smallest touches seem like a revelation.
There is a weight around his shoulders, a ring around his neck, a vast yawning chasm where his dogtags used to sit; empty and aching, heavier than the band of gold around his ring finger. Two weeks into their relationship, two glorious weeks and Steve had placed them around Tony's neck. The glitter of Tony's eyes that night is etched into his memory. A soft moment tucked between their heartbeats, backlit by the city, shades of neon catching on the silver chain. The curve of Tony's smile had been so soft, uncertain, like newly bloomed flowers-delicate and easy to bruise.
The idea comes up-as many things that later become important do-with a discussion with Natasha concerning a former mission. The team is in various parts of the main living area, but her voice carries over from where she's seated next to Steve.
“What, can’t a mother have an opinion these days?”  Her eyes sparkled in a way Steve hadn’t seen since she had become bedridden.  Steve swallowed, closing his eyes and trying to burn that image into his mind.  The way she looked when she smiled, when she called the guy that turned up at their door selling snake oil a crackpot and a quack.
Strange. Steve thinks as Iron Man produces a small notepad made out of actual paper. His movements are jerkier than usual, and his words are more clipped even if the voice is the same. When Clint flicks a paper football right between his glowing eyes there is no ensuing battle. Iron Man merely takes his seat, grabbing a pen from the cup in the center of the table.
“How did I get here? The last thing I remember was looking at the atrocious and unacceptable material Cap's uniform was made out of. I can't believe he's fighting in fucking
“Sorry ma’,”  He said, she just sighed again, grabbed his chin, and tilted his face around to get a good look.
Tony looks back at him and wishes he had even half that bravery. Maybe then he wouldn't be so afraid to tell Steve how much he wants this to be more than an agreement over helping each other in the event of an emergency. Tony has slept with a lot of people in his pre-avengers, pre-arc in the chest days. He's suddenly aware of the fact that given Steve's past it's vanishingly unlikely that Captain America had a lot of time to explore his sexuality in the forties, especially given how high profile he was while doing those ridiculous bond sales. After that he was fighting, and then there was the whole, encased in ice for decades thing. Tony steels himself for the question simmering in his mind.
“Thank you.”  Tony said, tapping away at his tablet.
“Yeah, Cap I'm sure. If he was with someone I would know. Ask Pepper or Rhodey if you don't believe me.” Tony shrugs. Once upon a time Tony Stark had been a playboy. Jumping from bed to bed had just seemed like the thing to do.  Tony craves touch like a drowning man, but Stark men don't ask to be
There were more voices exclaiming all around him, but all Steve could think about was Bucky.  If he was alive then maybe Bucky was too.  He struggled into sitting up, eyes wild.  The world tilted before him, his eyesight blurry and warped as if he’d been sleeping for days or hit his head.  He paid it no mind, lurching to his feet, a red and gold blur reached for him, but he stumbled back.  The floor was warm and grated for drainage, the whole room was balmy in fact, as if he’d been taken for a temporary tropical vacation.  Where in the blue blazes was he?
He thinks somewhat recklessly, watching Steve and his Captain America uniform come strolling into the room to set a big brightly colored bag by the door. He arranges it carefully there so it doesn't topple over, and then he's walking right up to Tony, cupping his face between warm gloved hands.
“Steve-” He croaks, but Steve just shakes his head, squeezes his hand.
“Um, guys” Peter all but squeaks.  They really need to work on his self confidence.  “Avengers I mean! Sorry, sorry-but he's giving a speech right now. Something about being lord of the carnival.”
His landlord was a different story, sniffing derisively and telling him he’d be shipped back home before the month was up, and not to expect his apartment to be there when he got back.  Steve took great pleasure in telling him to stow it, and even greater pleasure when the ritzy Packard showed up to collect him.  Maybe it might have been just a little petty to wave at old Mister Boone as they’d pulled away from the curb, but he was confident he’d either make it or die trying, and maybe he was just a little bit of a hothead too.
“Oh yeah, real sure about that aren't you Shellhead?” He says, squeezing Tony's hand affectionately.  Tony just shakes his head, looking away. He doesn't comment when they make it to a big outdoor rink and Steve makes good on his promise; taking Tony's hand in his and pulling him onto the ice.
Steve flushes, rolling back onto his heels to get to his feet; pulling Tony up after him.  “I have plenty too.” Steve says, shrugging when Tony gapes at him.
“I'm fine, just superficial stuff, nothing a few days of being lazy won't fix.” He lies. Steve stares at him as if he knows it's a lie, but thankfully he doesn't call him on it.
“No Steve, this is good. It's-really really good.” It's better than good, so,
“Tony-” Steve says, desperate suddenly to keep him there.
Under other circumstances, with another person Tony would be feeling boxed in right now. Steve is different though, and all he can feel in this moment is safe, like Steve would do anything to keep him close. It's as sweet as it is stunningly arousing, and Tony just has to take a moment to get his systems back online.
“There is still a lot I’m learning to let go of, Steve, but we’re a team.” She smiled, just a small upward curve of her lips, private and delicate. “I had to learn it too,” She looked down, her lovely green eyes fixing on some point on the floor, “that I’m not alone.”
“So-continue, I'm curious now.” He says, taking a sip of his own drink, reaching over to scrape his nails over Steve's scalp. Steve's eyes droop like a contented cat's, and Tony feels a little sliver of satisfaction settle warmly somewhere tucked away and secret.
“Yes thank you Dummy.” Tony says, as the robot bends to offer Tony its party hat. “Yes, yes, I needed this hat, it is indeed party time. Anyway, done being morbid now. New outfit!” Tony wiggles his fingers around, and Dummy does another spin.
“Are you-” Steve's voice is hoarse with arousal, so he clears his throat. “Is this okay?”
If someone had told Steven Grant Rogers that one day he would fall for a mouthy super-genius, billionaire who flew an armored suit to fight evil-he might have had a few choice words for them. That doesn't change the fact that it's true. He can't really pinpoint the moment it all solidified for him. Maybe it was before they fractured and came back together, maybe it was while watching Tony punch a dinosaur while wearing obsidian armor-maybe it's always been there just waiting for him to show up looking like that, and talking like that, and smirking in that way of his that makes Steve's stomach swoop.
feel like a heel. Bucky always did say he had a way with words. Too bad the serum couldn't have fixed that like it had his asthma.
“Shit,” Moving just seems to be self punishment at this point. Tony wraps his arm around his chest, hunching over his knees and trying to breathe. Turns out getting your chest stomped on when your lung function is already compromised makes for some very un-fun times. Tony is uncomfortably familiar with the sensation, but that doesn't make it any easier to deal with.
“Yes Tony, god you're so beautiful, so good.” Steve murmurs against Tony's sweaty hair, his hand still pumping his cock gently, letting him ride out the last aftershocks of his orgasm until he hiccups with oversensitivity and Steve's hands both slip away.
“Sir, there is something for you, outside of the lab.” JARVIS breaks in through his thoughts.  Tony blinks, raking a hand through is hair and over his face.
“Excuse me.  Steve I
“Sir” JARVIS starts “that has not been batched for human use, it has none of the limitations and fail-safes of what you and miss Shuri developed in Cairo.”
Or he would have, if Steve didn't let go of his tie to drag his thumb over Tony's bottom lip. There's a lot of things Tony likes, but he's not going to lie, his oral fixation is something his past lovers-even the ones who don't like him much-would write long rave reviews about. His tongue darts out, tracing Steve's nail before he sucks the digit into his mouth, watching Steve's eyes drop to his lips and those baby blues dilate like Tony's got something
“It's your birthday? I also have um. I was going to bring you breakfast in bed.” How Steve still manages to look in any way uncertain after what he just did, Tony will never know.
and he's
Steve sucked in a breath.  He wondered if Tony knew what that kind of statement meant to an alpha.  Of course, he was probably an alpha himself, wasn’t he?  Maybe he didn’t mean it that way, but Steve’s body didn’t give a damn about that.  Tony in his gifts, Tony telling people the gift was from him, from Steve, thinking about him and displaying his approval, his choice.  In ancient times gifts were worn to show a person was protected, that their partner or partners would fight either for them or by their side.  Times had changed, and they weren’t in the times Before, but Steve’s body didn't’ know that.  Tony’s words made some deep and buried part of himself hum with satisfaction and hope he hadn’t felt really well, ever.  Steve was not a virgin, but with the war and his illness before, the possibility of courting, of having a special someone, that was never in the cards, not while the war raged, and then, well, he’d been frozen.  Tony made him want the impossible, reached in and woke a part of himself he’d pushed aside when he stepped into Dr. Erskine’s Packard so long ago.
“Disabling shots only Hawkeye.” He hears Cap say distantly, but Tony's mind is already miles ahead analyzing and extrapolating data. JARVIS projects what he already knows to be true, a lovely blue model of the Ferris wheel becoming the anchor for a gigantic sinkhole. Not good is an understatement.
“He hurt you though.” Steve says from behind him, and Tony turns, looking up into blue eyes gone stormy with anger.
“You take care of all of us, now, we take care of you. It's simple equation balancing, in other words, deal with it Stark.” Bruce's tone brooks no argument. He nods in satisfaction when Steve presses the pac to Tony's forehead and helps him take the aspirin. “Good, don't let him do anything strenuous.”
“Steve, you're so hard, I can feel you, I'm ready, really,
“None of 'em. Wanna take my motorcycle. That fancy enough for your blood, gorgeous?” Steve's Brooklyn drawl should come with a warning.
“We'll debrief tomorrow, I think we could all use a shower and some rest first.” He gets no objections to that; everyone filing out of the jet to trek to their respective bathrooms for some relaxation. Iron Man walks next to him, coming to a halt in front of Steve's door.
“It's not the forties anymore Steve, and anyway it's no one's business but yours if you need to find someone to talk to after all the shit you've survived. No one could possibly fault you for needing help, for
“That's for me to decide, for us to decide, and what you're suggesting is potential suicide.” Steve tries to reign himself in, but his voice rises like the tide of helpless anger within him.
because she sent me a capnana of my own-yes this plush really does exist and I love it.
, he wants to say, but the words choke in his throat. He feels lost, forgotten and ghostly, wrapped in a watery burial shroud. For a moment there is nothing, only silence, as if even the wind in his dreams has forgotten to whisper. Steve feels his chest ache, some pang he cannot name, but then their eyes meet. It's a lance to the heart. Like coming alive again, like the first gasp of air after diving too deeply. The thread that has been connecting them through time and destiny seems to pull taut. I've found you, He thinks, even as they reach for each other and fail to touch.
“Steve asked me on a date, and he said he wants to court me-hell he's
is. This is just a kiss-multiple kisses after all, and with Steve's minimal experience it makes sense he'd get excited, this doesn't mean he actually wants Tony. Even though Tony is about two seconds away from offering to get the lube, Steve can't possibly want that. He has to get himself back under control, he has to pull away from Steve, has to get up off the couch and pretend this is all in the name of curiosity. That thought goes fluttering away when Steve braces one hand on the couch, Tony feels it dip the cushion down beneath his back, and then Steve is kissing him again, and it's all Tony can do to keep his moaning from getting too loud and obvious. Steve is rocking against him slightly, and the thought that this is Captain America, no, this is
“That.” Tony says, seemingly polishing his armored nails on the chestplate. “Is because Cap is my co-parent. Obviously.  Sam, I thought you knew this.” The other Avengers nod as if this makes perfect sense. Steve sighs, rubbing a hand over his face and smiling despite himself.  “Hulk, try not to give Doom too severe of a concussion please, SHIELD still needs to pick him up.” Tony calls, Hulk pauses, picking a Doom up by the ankle and holding him out like an unpleasantly wet sock.
“Ten year old me agrees, this is like something right out of a dimestore novel.” When Steve looks up, Stark is looking wide-eyed. The expression softens his features. Steve has to agree with Thor, the man is really
“Fuck, Steve, darling, I love you too.” Tony sounds strained, despite his earlier bravado, and Steve rewards him by slipping his hands around to knead the tight muscles along his spine. Tony groans, hanging his head when Steve digs his fingers into the tense spot just beneath his shoulder blades. He rubs there for a time, working knots and tension out where he finds it, until Tony is pliant and all but purring beneath his hands.
“Anything for you Sweetheart.” Steve grins at Tony innocently when the expected glare is leveled in his direction, but Tony's face soon dissolves into a little moue of sorrow when he seems to realize he's played directly into Steve's hands. He grouches and grumbles the entire time they set up the tent, but still seems content to sit next to Steve around the fire while they roast marshmallows and Thor tells some of his much anticipated Tales of Valorous Deeds.
“If I'm amazing then what does that make you, Captain America?” He says, interrupting his own spiraling thoughts before they ruin the moment. He gets a blinding smile in return.
Tony grinned, plopping down in the seat between he and an increasingly vexed looking Roy.  “Hot dogs, corn dogs, more chips, peanuts, a bag of caramel corn for me, but I’ll share if you ask, sunshine.”  He looked so fond, as if he really was excited to be sitting next to Steve offering him a king’s banquet worth of stadium food.
And of course a million screeches for the wonderful and talented
“Capitan! You are out of your mind, a nice warm bed is in your future!” Barton says with all the subtlety of a crowbar.  Steve can't help but like the guy.  He gets the feeling Hawkeye and subtlety only mix during battles.
Tony refuses to say anything else on the subject of Tiberius Stone; sitting silent and tense in his seat on the quinjet until they arrive back at the mansion. It's like a bucket of cold water being thrown over them both after their heated confessions in the SHIELD compound. Still, Tony doesn't shy away when he takes his hand and twines their fingers together. Steve doesn't let go until they disembark, but that is only so he can wrap an arm around Tony's waist, drawing him close while they follow the others into the debriefing room. JARVIS follows them closely in the armor, resting a comforting hand on Tony's shoulder when he takes a seat at the debriefing table. Brown eyes widen slightly, darting around nervously as Tony seemingly realizes he's taken Iron Man's usual spot, but he relaxes visibly, deliberately. Steve says nothing, taking his own seat and giving Tony's leg a squeeze beneath the table. There's a heavy silence around the room. It's clear no one wants to press Tony, but the curiosity is palpable.
“So you admit you feel like shit.” Steve observes, laughing when that earns him a poke in the side from one of Tony's blanket covered hands.
“Who's Jay? You said to talk to him if I need to find you, but you said his name just now-” He asks, curiosity winning out over staring at Stark in dumbfounded silence.  Stark smiles, shoving his hands in his pockets and rocking back on his heels, confidence clearly regained.
“This isn't going to be a training exercise is it? You're not going to tackle me on the ice right, because that would be mean.” Tony sounds just a little suspicious.  Steve laughs, pulling him in a little more tightly.
“Yeah. You're right, but he's not seeing anyone Cap. The bruises are from,"  Tony frantically grabs for explanations from his mental library of excuses,  "a...lab accident. Experiments can go boom when they go wrong.” It's not his best work as far as explanations of injury go, but it's what he has today.  Steve crosses his arms over his chest. It just makes him look more impressive. Sometimes Tony really appreciates being able to stare.
Dr. Erskine had told him his things would be safe, had assured him his possessions would be placed in a warehouse to be reclaimed upon his return, and allied victory in the war.  Steve trusted that to be true, but the thought of leaving Sarah’s portrait and the few faded photographs of his father he had was still difficult.  He packed those feelings away though, as surely as he had his tears during Sarah’s funeral.
intentional-views Iron man as his friend. Tony turns off his speakers and turns on his sound dampeners so he can have his little nerdgasm in peace. No one needs to hear that.
“Feeling's mutual babydoll.” Steve shoots back, reaching out to crush Tony against his chest; armor and all. Tony squawks with affront, wiggling in his embrace to extricate his arms where Steve has pinned them to his sides.
That goes unspoken, but Steve can hear it in the air between them, see it in the tension around Tony's shoulders.
“She told me her name is Shuri, wouldn't give me a last name. She said if her name ended up on a research paper her big brother would have kittens. She seemed to think that was hilarious though. Anyway, she's Wakandan and she helped me come up with
“I'm glad you're okay. You worried me there for a second. You're my friend, I don't like the thought of you being hurt.” Steve's sincerity catches him off guard, and Tony swallows convulsively. Steve views Iron Man as a
“I'm just saying, it's an important protocol to have in the event of that happening. You don't want to be scrambling at the last minute Cap.”
Tony laughs as Steve nearly fumbles the bottle of lube in his haste to do as Tony suggested, but he gets the job done; pouring a generous portion of the slippery lubricant between Tony's cheeks, some of it drips down onto the small of his back, but it's good, perfect even-when Steve slides his cock through that slick channel. Tony tips his hips upwards, hands dropping back down to the bed as Steve grabs that tempting flesh, pressing Tony's cheeks together tightly and thrusting into that tight hot space. Tony is watching him over his shoulder, eyes dark, and mouth moving with filthy praise that breaks off into tight little gasps when Steve's cock catches on his hole every few passes.
“You wanna go ice skating? The ponds are all frozen over.” Steve asks, trying and failing not to jump when Tony slips his cold hands under the back of Steve's sweater for warmth. Tony hums, leaning back in Steve's arms to fix him with a slightly suspicious stare.
“Thor?”
“Maybe it would have been better if it was the way Mister Stark thought.” He says with sudden feeling, unable to hide the way his voice cracks with the raw despair of it. Beside him Iron man's hands flutter as if he wants to reach out again.
“Yeah your profits are about to take a dip, sorry about that.” Tony shrugs as Steve winds up his shot and throws the baseball harder than is strictly necessary-ducks and cans go flying everywhere. Steve smiles over at Tony when he's handed another ball, before staring down his new targets. Tony wants to swoon maybe just a little bit. Steve looking all focused and intent does
“Wonder what it's about.” Steve muses, eyes going dark and hot when he gets a good look at the suit Tony selected. That kind of look is almost like a physical caress, Tony feels it down to his toes. Rhodey was right, the Tom Ford was definitely the right one to go with, if the way Steve watches him is anything to go by.
“Baby,”  One of the betas sighed, she was the oldest of the group it looked like, her curls were starting to come down, and her lipstick was smudged, but Steve still thought she was a real doll, “what are you gonna protect us from, you’d just get yourself roughed up and then we’d all feel bad.  Get outta here, go home, we’re copacetic okay.”
'.  “No. No that doesn't work on me anymore. Tell the truth. And if you tell me that the truth only involves you banging Captain America like a screen door in a hurricane I will fly over there just to tell you in person that you're a liar.” So serious, that's Rhodey's command voice. Tony feels mildly accomplished at having been enough of a wreck to bring that out of storage.
“I don't want a lot for Christmas, there is just one thing that I need-” Tony coos, crawling up onto Steve's lap to share his drink. It burns slightly on the way down, warm and spiced, and tasting just the way he remembers. Tony is still singing, the words interspread by barely contained laughter. Steve loves him so much in this moment he can barely contain it; joining Tony in singing the song he's heard playing everywhere from department stores to restaurants since November. Tony is clearly delighted, hopping off his lap to grab his hand. Steve follows him back into the party, offering no resistance when Tony pulls him onto a dancefloor he doesn't recall being there earlier. No point in wondering about that, things have a way of appearing as needed in the tower. Steve wouldn't be surprised if it was JARVIS doing somehow. Jan, Natasha, and Clint are dancing together, which soon becomes Hulk carrying the three of them in a graceless but tipsy laughter filled waltz.
“Thank you.”  He said quietly.  “I’m sure it’s a treat Mister ah, Jarvis I think?”
“Tony I was in the army, I'm not some saint.”
“Course I'm sure.  I want to sleep and I want-”  Steve swallows, feeling himself go red almost down to his toes with what he is about to ask for.  But Tony said he could ask for anything, and hasn't judged him yet. “I want you uh, up against my back.  I want you to hold me.” He says it loud and clear, straightening his back and refusing to back down, it comes out a little abrupt, but Tony still leans back, his mouth curving into the shape of an 'o'.
“Hugged my ma this morning and I could tell she was sore at my da’, and then she had to go take a nap.”  He said triumphantly, dropping down into his seat to swing his legs.
.’  Steve wished it were so easy.  Away from the team, away from their warmth and that sense that everyone was safe, it was so much harder to sleep.  He tossed and turned, but finally managed to tire himself into another night of restless sleep filled with strange dreams and the cold.
“HARK, IT IS I, THE MOLE MAN, I HAVE COME TO CLAIM NEW YORK IN THE NAME OF THE LAND OF SUBTERRANEA WITH MY LOYAL MOLOIDS!”  The apparent moleman yelled.  Steve hurriedly pressed his hand to the portfolio to undo the locks.
“I'd never leave you, not for that, never for that. C'mere.” He says, and Tony slips closer; ghostly in the bright light of the arc when he takes off his shirt and crawls into their bed cautiously. Steve sweeps him close, holds him against his chest, rubs his smooth cheek against Tony's stubbled one.
?  The pictures, God, the pictures had left him weak and shaking for hours.  In a way he was glad he slept through that atrocity, had he been awake, there’s no telling what he would have done. Now I am become death, indeed, he thought, as he picked the book up and finished it, even though it made tears stream down his face.  They had won the war alright, but at what a cost, another generation of omegas had been lost as everyone had feared, and countless others too.  Steve wasn’t willing to pay that, not again.  He stayed away from re-enlisting, even if it meant he’d never sleep properly again.
“That was atrocious, let's definitely never do that again. Zero stars on my yelp review.” Tony mutters as he's helped to his feet by no fewer than four people, including one very hangdog looking Clint.
” Whatever Tony was going to say breaks off as Steve reaches down, spreading Tony's cheeks apart and pushing into him with one slow steady thrust. It's slow going, Tony's body is all delicious heat and lube-slick tightness. There's no tugging unpleasant friction, but there's always a breathless moment of adjustment as Tony's body opens up and lets him in.
“You would be correct, but I admire your spirit.” JARVIS' answer sparks with a current of dry amusement.  Steve thinks he might be getting sassed. He's honestly kind of delighted by the thought. It's nice to be treated like just a normal guy.
“Tell me about it!  I know”  Tony laughed and threw his hands up in aggravation.  “Last time it was the Dallas Cowboys, can you believe?  Even if it was a team I liked, I don’t even want to see him in a meeting, much less spend who knows how long with him trying to croon about stocks in my ear during a game.”  He pulled a face, clearly envisioning this.  Steve couldn’t believe the guy was trying to get a New Yorker to go root for a New England team.
“Here we are, I ah, hope you like it, it’s one of the more subdued rooms.  Jarvis helped me pick it, he said you might be more comfortable here.”  He trailed off, stepping out of the way so Steve could open the door and walk into the room in question.  Steve kicked his boots off while looking around, not wishing to track anything around on the plush, expensive looking carpet. The room was huge, bigger than his apartment in the lower east side, with a king size bed covered in blankets and pillows, and even a comfortable sitting area arranged around a window seat.
“Yeah, they're for him. Is there...does he have a favorite flower?” A thin blue beam of light shoots out of his phone in that moment, scanning around the room once before disappearing as quickly as it came.
“It's James, James Buchanan Barnes.”  His shoulders are rounded down in contrition, but his voice is steady, with a snap of fierceness behind it that Steve admires already.
“Sir I am not ill, I merely thought it wise to reorganize some of your lower priority meetings as it seems you have other plans, and I detected unusually high levels of exhaustion last evening.” Tony gapes at his mirror, but then snaps his mouth shut because it's really not a becoming look to see on his own face.
This new body is never cold, even in the dead of winter trekking through mountains. People touch him less now that he stands tall and broad instead of small and frail. As much as he loves the freedom and comfort of simple things like being able to breathe easily, he misses the quiet peace of curling close to a friend for warmth.
“Tony.” He says; amused, aroused, and exasperated all at once. “Tony, I've been flirting with you nearly since we met.” He pauses, unsticking one of his hands from the mats to stroke over Tony's cheek. Wide brown eyes stare up at him, guileless for once with utter disbelief.  “I like for you to sit with me during movie nights. Been cuddling you during them for the last few months.” He narrows his eyes, leaning down to press their foreheads together. “I greet you with a good morning kiss on the cheek Tony. I...we go on
“Probably better than you, Shellhead, did you even sleep, or did you just fly straight back from Los Angeles to go to a meeting?”  Steve fought the urge to wince.  That was not at all how he wanted that to come out.
In the back pocket of his pants, the loud chirp of his Avengers communicator sends echoing ricochets of sound through the room.
“Sir, if I may, Captain Rogers seemed concerned about this very thing.”
Tony blinked over at him, his eyes were wide, “I,” his hand shook, he set the water bottle down on the coffee table, an elegant glass and metal thing that looked a little like a spaceship, “I am very available, Steve, heinously single even-I stopped taking them because they were interacting with other medications I take.”
fight, Achilles and many other great heroes had been omegas after all.  Steve remembered hearing stories of brave omegas coming back glassy eyed from the great war.  One had been found in no man’s land, half buried by a company of dying alphas and betas.  She had been trying to offer peace to her men, her gloves off and arms bared, pouring her comfort out like blood because no rescue was coming.  She had survived, but the anguish of not being able to save her company left her an empty shell of who she had once been.  Most had died, going down into the trenches and refusing to leave their posts and their companies, until they had been shot down or gassed or worse.  The Spanish Flu had thinned their numbers even further.  They had marched into hospitals full of the sick and dying, offering the solace of their touch, and never coming out.  Being an omega did not make one immune to disease after all.
sex on legs, three time sexiest man alive, don't you 'handsome' me old man.” Tony knows the haughty tone will get Steve's back up, and surely enough he snaps out of his previous seriousness to glare at Tony; the glare deepening when Tony can't contain his snickering.
“Oh no, soup is swell, sounds perfect, I’m feeling a little cold, truth be told.”  he admitted quietly, even though it left him feeling off balance and ashamed. Tony sucked in a breath through his teeth.  His hands fluttered a bit, and then he pressed himself to Steve’s side as they exited the elevator, their shoulders rubbing together.
The party is in full swing before Tony makes his appearance. He comes swanning in with a glass of something pale green in his hand that Steve recognizes as one of the drinks Jan has been mixing up since the party began. His slippers are indeed red and gold, matching the gold jingle bells on his red and green sweater, a pair of brown leggings with reindeer right over his distractingly round behind stare out at Steve accusingly when Tony bends to adjust one of his slippers.
"Of course sir."  Says JARVIS, in a long suffering tone. Steve raises an eyebrow in question.
“They are your memories, do you see them?” That voice is smooth as glass, but Tony feels it like an ice-pick between his eyes, and he crawls up onto his knees, falling down to an elbow near the water's edge when his body refuses to cooperate. Faces shimmer in that deep blue, it terrifies him for some reason, that calm stretch of water; wood planks of a barrel at the bottom, not sand-but he reaches for it anyway
“Tony, oh God...you-” His words cut off into a low groan when Tony very deliberately presses his cheek against the hard line of his cock, then darts his tongue out to lick a slow torturous line across the fabric covering him. These pants are designed to be pretty much everything proof-by Tony himself no less-but that does nothing to stop the visual, nor the pressure of Tony's perfect mouth.  “Oh God..” He repeats, trying to remember what that plan was again.
The sidewalk is bustling with activity when they exit, Steve wraps an arm around his waist, encouraging him to press close while they walk. He doesn't seem to have a specific destination in mind. Tony has to admit it's nice to just be with Steve. Here on the sidewalk they could be any couple out for an evening stroll. Nothing pressing is happening, well no more than usual at any rate. Tony has a million projects to get back on when they get back to the mansion but that's neither here nor there.
“I'm going to buy dinner and ask Mister Stark to come up and eat with us.” Tony feels the straw fall out of his mouth. Is he kidding? Steve has got to be kidding. He cannot possibly want to eat dinner with
Tony’s gaze dips a little, lashes casting shadows over the faint pink dusting over the high points of his face.  “I do. I had hoped that you would like it, like making it together. I want you to like this meal, I want it to be good, Steve, honey.”
All precise lines and floating equations. Tony sweeps his stylus along one, muttering about weight bearing walls and materials. Light catches on the golden brown of his eyes.
In the morning there was a hesitant knock at his door.  When he opened it, Tony was standing there.  He was in a lovely navy colored suit with an expensive silk sheen to it, but what struck Steve most were his earrings; delicate gold moons hanging from emerald cut rubies.  It wasn't unheard of for an alpha to wear earrings, but usually they would be simple things, Steve thought they looked good though, they suited him.
Time passed, and Steve dreamed.  The dreams shifted though, became more real at once.  There was a bed beneath him, it felt real, present, the way nothing had for so long.  The cold was not as breath stealing as it had been before, there was light, warm over his eyelids, and a strange buzzing sound, like tiny wings.  Steve frowned, if there were bugs buzzing around him, that couldn’t bode well.  He went to swing at the buzzing thing, but his limbs were heavy, clumsy as they had been after long weeks bedridden after a bout of pneumonia.
“Uh thanks, sorry, I just um.” He stammers, feeling a little hot around the ears with embarrassment.  Rhodes just raises a knowing eyebrow, jerking his chin at Tony's turned back. Steve tries not to look guilty-probably failing miserably if the look Rhodes gives him in response is any indication.
“Oh my god what!” He yells, unable to stop himself. JARVIS' silence is smug and incriminating. Yelling as it turns out was a bad idea. It brings into awareness once more that his chest feels like it's doing a good impression of a pressure cooker.
“Stay?” Tony says, laying back on the pillows, tugging Steve to lay half atop him. “You're tired too, and I know...I know you have a hard time sleeping. It's good like this, here. With you.”
“Uh, copacetic over here, Tony, how are you doing?” Steve was more than a little relieved not to hear anger in Tony’s tone.
“Oh darling, I don’t think I have any complaints in so far as thick slabs of meat.”  Tony’s tone drips with innuendo. Steve grunts, snapping his knife down more quickly to cut the pecans up into small pieces.
Hammer keeps talking, immune to Tony's visceral disdain as he always is. “Watched your eulogy, the speech you gave for him was really-” Hammer takes a drink of his martini, hand over his heart in an exaggerated pantomime of grief. Tony wants to plant his fist right in his bleached chiclet veneer teeth. “-really touching”
Camp Lehigh was as far from home as he’d ever been.  Even though there were others all around, it was still an isolating experience in many ways.  Steve stuck out there like a sore thumb; surrounded by alphas and betas stronger than him, healthier in every way, Steve found himself at the back of marching formations, he struggled with exercises, and nothing in his training with Lorenzo could have prepared him for real hand to hand instruction with a drill sergeant breathing down his neck.  The tincture Dr.  Erskine had given him for the bronchitis had helped tremendously, but it couldn’t make up for every other ache and pain Steve had carried with him for as long as he could remember.  Still, he stuck it out, he had to do better, to show them all he belonged there, that he’d do anything to serve, to be a good protector, the kind of alpha he’d always wanted to be.  He wouldn’t squander this chance, no matter how much his body hurt when he fell into his bed in the barracks at night.
“Do you
“Yes of course, anything. Anything you want.” Steve says, tucking his card back into his pocket.  Tony sighs.
The ice creaks, and the darkness pulls him down, down into the deep, yawning wide, a leviathan consuming time. Until one ceaseless night things begin to change. His dreams begin to twist, to take a different shape.
He listened to the muffled hum of Tony’s voice until he heard the lights click off, and the sitting room went silent.  The bed was comfortable, but his heated blanket and his water bottles were all the way back in New York.  He was keyed up too, his body seemingly aware that the person he wanted most was just a short ways away.  Steve took a few deep breaths and blew them out.  The game was just a few hours away, Tony would notice if he was a sleep deprived zombie, and Steve didn’t want to have to explain why he’d been awake all night.
He thinks, realization racing through him so suddenly that it takes his breath away.
scrolled across the top of the screen.  He swiped up to answer the call, the way it had said in the manual, and there was Tony.  If Steve had thought he looked sharp the night prior, he somehow looked even better now.  He was in a full three piece suit, sat behind a dark wooden desk, surrounded by glass, his hair and his beard were immaculately styled, and he was clutching a coffee cup with ring covered fingers.
“Are you ready for this?” Tony asks when the limo pulls up to the long red carpet leading into the hotel hosting the foundation. Photographers line the sides, cameras already out and snapping pictures of the guests already making their way up the long walkway. The hotel was a gift from Howard to his mother after a particularly bad blowout. He knows Maria would have enjoyed the thought of her son guilting cash out of the elite in a building she received through the same emotion. His mother had been full of such poetic justice.
On the weekend, he took in a movie at the cinema.  They were showing some old silent film reels for their ten cent matinee, and Steve went eagerly.  On the screen Rudolph Valentino was sweeping Nita Naldi into a passionate kiss.  Gosh what a guy Valentino had been, Steve felt his cheeks heat a little just watching the two of them carrying on.  Having an omega like Valentino kissing the bejesus out of you was probably a head turner even if it was just an acted scene.  Steve wasn’t the only one leaning forward in his seat, so he didn’t feel too silly about his hopeless crush.  Valentino was long gone anyway.  A fact many of the alphas and betas around his ma’s age had bemoaned often.  Steve had to say, he agreed.
“Lost a bet.” Natasha answers with a sharp grin.
Steve went for a walk after that.  They would debrief later, when Tony returned from his business duties.  New Yorkers were just as used to seeing celebrities as they had ever been.  Some pointed and stared, but most of them gave him his space.  He found himself standing in front of a fine jewelry store almost as if on autopilot.  It advertised rings for bonded dyads, triads, jeweled gloves, and all manner of courting gifts.  All beautiful gifts he never would have been able to afford before being frozen.
“I-yes, if you want that I will, for you, I can go more than once.” The words come out husky and almost jumbled. He doesn't know what his limits really are as far as coming if he's being truthful; but if Tony is involved, the sky is probably the limit.
“Tony,”  He said, but he was already gone, the door to his part of the suite shut.  Steve swore quietly to himself.
before we were so rudely interrupted by tin man over there. There I was, hanging from a grappling hook off the side of the building-” Hawkeye spreads his hands out, clearly gearing up for a dramatic storytelling session.
“Dunno, you're the one who knows everything.” Steve says with a grin, reaching up to knead over the tense muscles of Tony's thighs; flushing slightly when Tony groans, and all but melts back into the plush leather behind him.
“How polite, you must teach Master Tony some manners, although it is probably far too late for that.”  Jarvis smiled slightly, Steve got the idea he was joking in a very subtle, understated sort of way.  “Yes, Jarvis is correct.  Would you like me to stay with you, or would you prefer to be alone?”  Jarvis was looking at him utterly without judgement, as if he was used to seeing people sweaty with their teeth chattering every day.  Steve almost told him he wanted company, but he was sure Mister Jarvis had better things to do than tending to an old soldier while they fell apart.
After he left, Steve wondered if Tony had started wearing a new cologne.  Beneath the typical scent of his lab, he’d smelled sweeter than usual, like he’d been chewing on a cube of brown sugar.  It was unusual for an alpha to smell sweet, really, but Tony Stark was
, don't make that face.”
“Get up, get up, you’ll drown.” He cries, helpless to watch as his soulmate's friend drags him from the water and pounds on his back. He has seen this friend before, bright at his soulmate's side, thrumming with a love that is different but no less strong than his own.
“Yeah well I don't like to assume.” Says Steve, helping Tony flatten the sleeping bag out over the cushion beneath it.
“Aw, them again, what is up with that?  I thought they were all in prison, or at least radioactive asshole was.”  Hawkeye had a killer five o’clock shadow going on, or maybe it was at least a day of growth.  He was also eating a slice of pizza.  It was pretty early, Steve supposed.
He’d been reading up on how to fly the quinjet, and had done it a few times already. Despite all the bells and whistles, it was surprisingly intuitive to fly, and the onboard A.I. didn’t hurt either. After checking he was go for flight, he engaged stealth capabilities, and got the plane out as quietly and quickly as could be managed. It really was quiet too, the whole craft a marvel of modern engineering. It even had auto-pilot, not that he’d let that take over for him, but if he were too injured to fly back on his own, he was sure it would come in handy. He wasn’t sure he fully trusted an A.I. to fly the plane better than he could. Besides, it was comforting in a way, holding onto the controls, looking down at the clouds through the panoramic cockpit windows.
As much as the torture in Afghanistan had fucked him up, that's not what haunts his nightmares the most. Torturers gonna torture, and terrorists gonna terrorize. He reasons. These things are expected. Sure it was awful, and most days Tony takes surprisingly fast showers for a guy with more than one sunken tub in his mansion; but none of what the ten rings did to him was shocking.
“What's in my chest?” He whispers again, eyes wild even as he tries to relax into the gentle touches attempting to sooth his obvious distress. He doesn't know these people, but he
“Wow, that’s, that’s so good.”  Steve says, once his mouth is no longer full.  Tony smiles brightly, accepting a strawberry when Steve offers him one in return.  Steve sorely underestimated how affecting it would be to have Tony licking cream off his fingers.
“Cap! Haha...oh god what the-” Tony bucks under him, slapping ineffectually at his shoulders as Steve pins him to the floor.  “Stoppit, stop! I'm serious! heee-” Tony's legs rise up, locking around his torso in an attempt to roll them both over, but Steve holds him fast, laughing against his captive as he squirms and twists with impressive strength. Were it not for the serum, Steve knows he would probably be rolling across the floor right this moment. He makes a mental note to compliment Tony on his core strength training later, making a double note when a flailing elbow catches him in the shoulder with enough force to make him grunt.  “Steve! Steven Grant Rogers, you ass!” Tony wails, and Steve finally relents, rising up onto his elbows to lean over Tony; grinning down at him unabashedly. Steve's breathing is a little heavy, but Tony looks wrecked. His hair is mussed, Spots of color riding high on his cheeks, and a dark flush tints his olive skin a lovely rosy hue; the flush all the more striking for the glowing blue at the center of his chest.
“Oh.” Tony says, his head spinning with the look in Steve's eyes. “Oh yes, please.” He repeats, as that hand slips beneath the sagging waistband of his pants and Steve's clever fingers stroke through his crease. Tony feels his eyes roll back involuntarily, his body strings tight with anticipation, and Steve doesn't disappoint him. He seals their mouths together, swallowing Tony's probably far too loud sounds. Strong fingers curl over his cock, and the hand he's slipped into the back of Tony's pants squeezes a handful of firm muscle before moving in to rub just the pads of two fingers teasingly over his hole. It shouldn't affect him this much, just that barely slick rub, the pads of Steve's fingers there; but the suggestion, the idea that it's Steve touching him there, Steve moaning into their shared kisses as Tony writhes in his lap, Steve's hand pumping his cock in sure even strokes. Tony sobs, pulling away from Steve's mouth to hide his face against Steve's neck as he comes and comes and comes. He feels as if he's turning inside out, as if his whole body is one superheated wash of firing neurons. He's mouthing at Steve's skin, letting out soft little noises he'll deny if asked later. Steve pets him through it, murmuring encouragement, and slipping his hand from Tony's ass to rub over his back.
“Ah,”  She said, “Probably suppressants, my George always says they make everyone smell like their perfume.”  She smiled encouragingly “That’s just,”  She took a little ring of keys off her belt loop and began unlocking a few jewelry cases, “sweet, that’s very sweet of you, not prying, I’m sure your ambiguous friend will appreciate the gift, no matter what.”
The ground rumbled more, then shook violently.  The cheer crew went running off to the sidelines as the turf was ripped open by some kind of gigantic mechanized drill.  Through the holes in the ground, dozens of diminutive humanoid creatures streamed out, making way for a stocky guy in a green jumpsuit and goggles.
“You’re coming back with us to the mansion, Captain, Tony will have a room for you.”  She was speaking so calmly, gently, the way one might speak to a scared civilian, and Steve realized he was breathing far too quickly for someone just sitting down.  He took a deeper breath, reached within himself to find some equilibrium, something that would calm his pounding heart.  “Unless of course, you have somewhere else you would rather go?” The car slid into reverse just as Iron Man took off in a streak of red and gold.  Steve watched him go until he disappeared behind a towering building in the distance.
“There it is, come to papa, you shiny beautiful piece of metal.” Iron Man says, oblivious to the thoughts whirling through Steve's head. The shield is propped up against the dark mouth of a cave, star turned upside down perfectly. It strikes Steve as being a little too artful. Iron Man's crunching metallic steps track across the clearing towards the shield, Steve at his back. Something feels very wrong. The birds have gone silent again. A drop of sweat slides down Steve's back despite the relative cold in the mountains.
Steve goes without comment, letting Tony walk him through the familiar process of dicing and boiling potatoes to make a mash.  They both busy themselves with their tasks; Tony with mixing garlic and fragrant spices in a pan with heavy cream. After that is heated he sets that aside and moves on to making the stew, and the room soon fills with the scent of browning meat and simmering vegetables.
“No, you don't understand. All this time I thought you were just humoring me, I thought you couldn't ever possibly want me. Not the way I want you anyway, I ran the probabilities, and every time I came up with a negative.” Sometimes Tony can really overthink things, and it's still shocking how low of opinion the guy has of himself despite his public image.  Steve sighs, dropping a kiss on Tony's lips, and regarding him steadily.
“I may be a hussy, but I have an ass you could bounce a quarter off of, that has to count for something right?” Tony still remembers that time they were both more than a little intoxicated and Rhodey accused him of wearing one of those Booty Pop things they were always advertising online.  Maybe it had been overkill to moon him for proof that this is all his, but Tony has no regrets.  Rhodey snorts, but then gets a sort of considering look on his face.
’.  He didn’t know what that meant, and it sounded kind of negative, but Natasha insisted it was a good thing, so he’d bought a stack of them.
“Woooh, victory, yeah baby that's what I'm talkin' about!” Hawkeye yells from his spot atop a corndog kiosk. Tony carefully lets go of the Ferris wheel, scanning the structural integrity a few times. It's not great, but it's in no danger of becoming a projectile anymore at least.
“Come
“I'm happy you're here Steve.” Tony whispers, after most of the others have fallen asleep. Their presences warm and comforting in their makeshift bed for the night. Steve tugs Tony to lay beneath him, covering his body and basking in the contact.
pathetic.  He wonders how Steve can even stand to be there right now, but he does still, for some reason.  He stays right by Tony's side while JARVIS drags Hammer off to parts unknown. Crickets chirp, the sound of nightbirds slowly brings Tony around, as does Steve's constant stream of words.
Aaand we are back to Steve's POV for this one.
“He requested my assistance in transporting you to your bed. If I might say so it was quite, as you put it-It was sweet.”
“Good morning, sleep well?” Steve murmurs, kissing the top of his head a few times until Tony shifts around to stare down at him with one open eye.
“I just wanted to spend some time alone with you, I've been working, been gone too much lately.” Tony says, wriggling around in the blankets to look up at him. Steve shakes his head, setting the mug of tea down on the coffee table and pulling Tony up onto his lap, blankets and all.
him and it's amazing. Trolling him and looking tremendously pleased with himself while he's at it. What a guy.
“Steve, you’re not carrying my bags too.”  Tony walked over, held his hand out.  Steve sidestepped him, walking through the doors into the lobby.
good, you don't even know.” Tony grinds out, emphasizing the last word by reaching down to get a double handful of Steve's ass and using that as leverage to grind against him. It punches a loud moan from his throat.
“I'm being really obvious. Even Victor Von Doom noticed.
gave Tony those injuries.
“Indeed I’m sure you can, but Anthony insists, and I shan’t deny him.  He makes the most dreadful faces when unhappy, you see.”  Jarvis’ eyes sparkled fondly.  He seemed more like a father figure to Tony than a butler, if Steve really thought about it.  No one ever spoke of Tony’s old man, he wondered what that was about.
“Yes, gimme three, go for it.” Tony gasps, burying his fingers in Steve's hair, as Steve carefully works his fingers inside; first two, then the third when Tony whines and rolls his hips back into the touch. They watch each other as Steve spreads his fingers, Tony's grip on his hair winds tighter, but he's making soft little sounds in time with the thrust of Steve's fingers, pushing back into them, and twisting his hips as if he could take them deeper, as if they're not already as far into his body as they can go.
all the time, but some days it's harder to ignore.” Steve nods, lifting his hands to kiss over the knuckles.
“Oh, well. This is where I go when I don't want anyone to know I'm in town. When I'm not feeling up to dealing with everyone.”
“That's because it has. Clint was my spotter, and I was his.” She says bluntly, and Tony coughs into his cup.
“Oh yeah?” Tony turns around, leaning his hip against a console near the edge of the room. Steve tries and fails not to give him a slow, lingering once over. Tony just preens, posing against the console in a way that should be ridiculous, but instead makes Steve want to bend him over. Tony stark will be the death of him.
of all people when he could have anyone.
“I kind of thought that might be the case, but I didn’t want to pry.” He turned, offered her a salute. “It’s an honor to be on the team with you, I think you should know.”
“I might be pressing, and you can tell me to fuck off if this is too presumptuous, but you seem cold, can I get you something for that?”  He said, in that same tone Widow had spoken to him earlier.  He didn’t know what he had done to deserve such gentleness and consideration, but it sure felt nice over his ragged nerves.
The beadwork was repetitive, but also soothing, and much like painting, Steve lost himself in it for hours.  The end result wasn’t anything ritzy by any means, just a simple woven bracelet with tiny blue beads, but Steve hoped Russell might like it, that he’d keep it, and if Steve was really lucky, maybe he’d wear it too.  Steve had seen pictures, glamorous black and white stills of fabulously wealthy alphas and betas presenting their omega partners with gems, and cars, and lavish coats of the finest fur.  Even then sometimes, a courtship gift might be rejected,  he’d seen many pictures of omegas with their gloves rolled up in their hand, their gazes turned away, in a clear signal for ‘no’; omegas were offered so many gifts after all, and while they could make time with anyone they liked, they usually only accepted gifts from the people they knew and wanted to spend more time with anyway.  Any bozo could walk up to an omega and try to start up a courtship, but that didn’t mean the feeling was mutual.
During rut, in the war he’d ripped guns off of tanks, climbed many a vertical wall. Mamula, even with all of the fortifications, and all of Zemo’s hideously garbed henchmen, didn’t pose much of a challenge. The shield was conspicuous, so he opted for his hands instead, creeping up behind Zemo’s men, and knocking them out with an uppercut to the jaw or a blow to the head. Concussions could certainly be dangerous, but this was playing it nice as far as Steve was concerned. He knew none of these alphas and betas would hesitate to kill him, or bring him before Zemo, so he could get in the killing blow. He’d shown mercy the last time he and Zemo met, but not today. He had every intention of wiping the sorry sock faced bastard off the face of the Earth, before he could cause more harm to civilians and his team.
“No it's.” Steve grunts, turning to face Tony. “I like it. When you touch me,” He says, and Tony smiles, wide and sweet, and leans in to kiss him, warm and easy as anything.
“Coordinates!” He gasps, pulling out of Rhodey’s grip to wobble to his feet. “Coordinates, it’s coordinates, Rhodey, Rhodey, I love you!” He says, leaning down to grab Rhodey’s face and pull him into a smacking kiss. He gets rolled back into the sand for his efforts, but it just makes him laugh. It’s an odd laugh, the laugh of a man on his way to the gallows. Those coordinates are in the middle of the ocean, Tony knows. If his soulmate is leading him there, it’s likely to his body.
“Hey” Tony mumbles, shooting him a wounded glance, lips turning down in a mock frown. “that's mean.”
“Mmph,”  He replied, unwilling to speak with his mouth full.  He tried to smile around the food.
“I'm ready, and I've got you at my side, right?” Steve's nervous little smile ought to come with a warning.  Tony swallows, squeezing Steve's hands reassuringly.
“Can't have that, now can we?” He murmurs, opening the lube to pour a generous portion over his hand. Tony watches him avidly, gaze dropping down, white teeth digging into his bottom lip when Steve strokes himself slick. Having all of Tony's focus always feels monumental, and it's no different today.
“Okay, sure thing, yeah, sit tight, don’t move, I’ll be right back!”  Iron Man said, and spun on his heel, really quite gracefully.  As sleek as the armor was, Steve had seen the way it punched, it had to weigh a whole hell of a lot.  He went haring off into the hallway, Steve heard his steps receding away, and distant movement somewhere down the hall.  He wondered if there was a linen closet down that way.  The floor was warm.  Steve blinked, pressing his feet more tightly against the carpet.  It was definitely heated, and getting warmer, he wondered if Iron Man had done that somehow.
“I. Am great.” Tony murmurs breathlessly, leaning down to pepper Steve's face with kisses.  “Where did you learn that anyway, how did you...nevermind. I need you to take that gorgeous cock of yours and do something productive with it, because while I love your fingers so much I could write an aria to them, I would really,
Protea-A flower meaning change, Transformation and courage.
“Yeah. A lot. Especially by you, because I'm pretty gone on you Steve, but I think you knew that already.”
“How do you know they're a her?” He knows the one for him will be a man, knows it in the glimpses of blue eyes he sees in dreams. Strong hands, a face he will never touch. Frozen in time like the saints his mother lit candles for on Sunday mass.
“Oh fuck yes, Steve!” Tony wails, toes curling when Steve presses three fingers into his wet hole and works him in time with his mouth; hollowing his cheeks as he sucks and spreading his fingers wide. Tony doesn't last long with that treatment. He's white knuckling the edge of the desk, head tossed back, cursing up a blue streak that would have made the commandos blush. One of his heels is pressing almost uncomfortably into Steve's back, but it's worth it when Tony falls back on the desk, throws a hand over his face and comes with a shout so loud Steve is once again thankful they're alone. Steve sucks him through it, pulling back and giving his cock a little kiss. Tony just lays there sprawled across the desk, he's staring up at the ceiling, eyes glassy and mouth slack.
