“Yes,” Mycroft says carefully. “It was.”
had done this, and then the immediate following of the overwhelming fear that anyone could do this to him as well, if he let him. If he was stupid.
“No, no, Mikheia, I didn’t see the blood, but we have to go, come on, we’ve got to run, remember, Georgiy is waiting, come on…”
it!” Sherlock cries, standing on shaking legs as he grasps for the side of the tub. “I knew John had a back-up plan! He’s always so prepared, but I must say this is a masterstroke, even by my standards—” Sherlock whips a towel off the rack and wraps it around his waist before turning to Mycroft, his eyes bright. “Where is he then? Where have you sent him?”
“You didn’t come here upon your arrival.” He begins. “Your shirt is too starched, a sign of cheap detergent. You had to wash it, and hotel detergent was the only available option because you didn’t expect to be here long enough to bring a change of clothes. You went somewhere else. You went to see someone and they ruined your shirt, or you ruined it while visiting them. Gluttonous as you are, I can’t see you cramming scones and tea in that maw so sloppily that you’d spill. You can’t move that fast anyways. So,” He sniffs, “someone ruined your shirt and assuming it wasn’t a clumsy waiter because you didn’t have time to eat anywhere much to your chagrin, it wasn’t food—”
, had me
"Current location: Twin Peaks county morgue. Examination of the victim—"
, thy name is John.
sitting across from me
Mycroft nodded. “Not the perpetrator, however. Is it taken care of?”
"How long will you go?"
"Why would I need your help?"
What is it about a dreaded situation that makes us so afraid? Does its approach make us balk because we don’t know the outcome, or because we fear what might happen to us in the aftermath?
John shut his eyes.
He closes the door softly behind him. The lights in the large VIP suite glow off the walls as if the room was underwater. Everything is white; he nearly rolls his eyes at the thought of another interior designer thinking they were original, with the white marble floors and plush endless couches and high ceilings.
“Rest assured John. If I did, she’d have my head hanging in the Uffizi by morning.”
“Sherlock.” John is at his side, a hand on his shoulder. “He’s not your brother, Sherlock. He never existed. He’s a demon from Sheol; he disguised himself and killed the other tenants. He planted a false memory on you. Sherlock? Do you hear me?”
into "Do you know how close you came to dying tonight?"
He took stock of his body bit by bit, and noted that he still ached; he often took but had no issue taking John in turn, and the feeling was unusual but not unwelcome. There were many things he would do for John, and John for him, and no limit to what they might do together; John really was the more creative of the two of them, even after all these years, all their time they spent within and without one another.
He braces himself as the cloth is removed from his head again. A heavy weight settles against his face—whatever machine it was that they were using.
"Graceless
As winter set in, he could do nothing but witness the color seeping from their world, water to pigment.
He ducks into a middle pew, not too far away to be suspicious, but appropriate for one cowed by arriving late to the service. Someone muffles a cough behind him, and the bench creaks amid the choir’s song.
"How—"
sane. His eyes were wild, and the thought of never seeing them again drove Mikheia from the room.
John smiles. "Not particularly. But I could be a technologically-impaired visitor with poor motor coordination just passing through town."
He flips through the file.
Sherlock's head snaps up, his face full of heavy sadness and latent rage.
"I must say, I'm surprised you'd want to do your research here. How long are the two of you intending to stay? I need to let the new caretaker know when to report for duty."
, and Sherlock wants his being to fold into nothingness and surrender himself to the ether if it means he doesn't start crying. Because that is, intrinsically as the warmth in his palms, something he will
“You wanted me to
Emma looks up and smiles. The bright orange makes her look washed out, but she doesn't mind. She thinks she looks like she's walking in fire.
“‘Pisspot’? That’s new—”
"Sherlock, get out." Lestrade says suddenly.
Good going, genius.
“Alright, Sherlock. That’s fine. Look, I’ll be in the station if you need me. Just call out over the speaker system, it’s in the corner by the radio, the one with the red button.”
As John walked out of the door, he muttered something in the hall that, propelled by that air from the closing door, floated to Sherlock and settled neatly on the table in front of him.
“Not until you left, I didn’t. But between leaving Norway and seeing you again in Algiers I did. Why wouldn’t I? You remember what I told you I was like before we met – even Mycroft couldn’t help me. I do not pretend to be a good man; I don’t know if I will ever be one. You make me want to want it, and when you’re gone I have nothing to serve as a reminder.”
“Ah.” The man stands, hurriedly wolfing down the rest of his polenta, and sets the bowl down with a clatter, striding past them into the next room, gesturing for them to follow. “This way.”
, kissing him, holding him, opening himself for him. Not after he'd chosen to hand over his heart and all his darkness plugged into it like wires only to have his army doctor disappear with it into places that Sherlock couldn't travel to and get it back from, leaving his chest hollow as the warm pulse faded from him and his blood turned to stagnant standing-water (a physical improbability but nonetheless accurate).
. There’s no real way for us to be in danger since we have the atramentum unless someone really wants to get rid of us, and that’s usually provoked behaviour. Last night, I knew that there had been a breach on this realm. It’s just a
"No, Asad, leave it." Moran ordered and Asad lowered his arm. "Isaacs was always the worst shot of the two of you. I was thinking of firing him anyways." A slow smile crept on his face. "Seems Johnny here beat me to it." He laughed as if John had made a good joke and nudged him with his foot. "Didn't know you had that gun, Watson. Remind me to frisk you next time."
to inform me of your…activities, but you felt it prudent that I know all the same. Your visit told me everything I needed to know. I know very well what you are capable of, and what you aren't. You're a soldier, a good one by both record and action, and I know that you will do the right thing."
He smiled.
Sherlock feels his chest collapse, a sharp shaft of ice spearing through his heart and impaling it in the roiling depths of his stomach.
As the thick rumble fades there is a great crash above him and shingles from the roof shower past the window. The other tenants would think that it's thunder. Sherlock thinks otherwise.
John seemed to be dreaming of many impossible things lately. He'd have to stop before they got the better of him.
John turns his head and smiles at him over his shoulder. "It would seem that way.''
“And you thought this would be easier?” He asked softly. “Never seeing me again?”
"It seems that Baskerville has got a wild dog problem."
He stepped into Enlightenment just as he slipped into sleep, though he didn’t realise it until he woke up in a sweat. The room is immaculate, dark wood shelves that filled the spaces from high vaulted ceiling to the gilded balconies, to the floor, crammed with items of interest and information. His trophies. His treasure pile, his and his alone, like a great black beast upon a mountain of stolen gold, pickpocketed from the unsuspecting and snatched like a hungry thief from the stalls of mundane and ordinary lives. His cold little museum, where everything had its place.
like a giant bat, that’s what he had an issue with.
“Spite and hatred don’t look well on you.”
John cut himself off as he smashed his fist into the nearest mirror, sending glass showering onto the floor and slicing through the skin of his already flayed hands. Sherlock nearly jumped at the sound of smashing glass and the smell of fresh blood and the sight of John, his John, in the midst of an emotional meltdown.
“A bit.” His mate admitted, glancing around the room as if he hadn’t noticed every little detail the moment he stepped inside. Idly, he picked up a manuscript on John’s desk, flipping through the pages. “I haven’t eaten since Warsaw…I didn’t know you’re translating for Tsvetaeva now; how is she?”
He turned his head as much as he could and ran his fingers over Sherlock's unmoving face, across a cheekbone and wiping a strand of hair away. He pressed his face into the curve of Sherlock's neck, feeling his lungs darkening, his heart slowing, and he felt better than he had in years, knowing that they were going together.
“Their existence can’t be destroyed in any means?”
“I think that for someone who thinks so much, he goes too far and burns his brain sometimes.”
"Interesting." He said finally.
As he closed the door, he self-consciously tugged at the waistline. The trousers were a little snug, but made of some kind of smooth material that let his skin breathe easily. Good, proper trousers for running away in.
to leave you, Sherlock,” John argues back, desperation in his eyes, “I want you to survive! I want that more than I want to stay, even if it means that it’s better to know you’re safe alone than it is to know you’re dead because I loved you!”
Sherlock can’t
Her story is absolutely fascinating, and I'd highly recommend looking her up. In this story, she lives in the Ca' da Mosto, one of the oldest buildings in Venice, which I learned about in a great documentary about the early history of the city and its architecture. If you'd like to learn more about Venice, check out "Francesco's Venice".
"I didn't want to cause
"I'm sorry." He said, turning his head to look over at his husband. The curls in Sherlock's hair were blowing back with the breeze, his face drawn and pensive as he watched the boats pass below them. "I shouldn't have left like that."
"That's stupid." John said with a slight smile.
Mind whirring, Sherlock turns, the ground churning under his feet.
Mikheia looked down, examining his arm. "Better…I was careful not to sleep on it."
Sherlock collapses onto the floor as if his Achilles tendons have snapped. His knees are shaking. He buries his head in his hands, clutching at the roots of his hair like a drowning man to a life preserve.
“Better.” John answers, rubbing at the tender spot on the crown of his head. “But I’ll be picking peanut shells out of this sweater for at least week.”
, which was both normal and unusual. He looked like a house of cards about to fold in on itself, trembling and fragile. He was staring at John but his mind was miles away. He could have been staring at a pile of stones for all he knew.
"John wouldn't take a train." Sherlock said, breaking a moment of a few second's silence.
"You do?" Sherlock sat up, his interest edging higher. "Who? Is it someone working under Moriarty? Is it Moran? Someone else? Where can we find them? I have a contact as far away as Reykjavik if we need them…"
As Sherlock tossed his arm over his shoulders and began to walk, John thought the cracks in the pavement that passed underneath his feet were rather lovely.
“And why are you relaying this to me?” He asked carefully. Artemisia was not partial to accusations, and instead was quick to suspicion, and quicker to a grudge. “Aren’t I in the best position to know the state of my bond?”
"Sherlock," John's voice is edging on the precipice of panic, low and rushed and Sherlock nearly takes his phone away from his ear at the volume. "Sherlock, something's happened, I need—"
The dog lifts its head off the floor to watch the crazy man suffer.
"You say that like there is another option to choose."
He only told Sherlock.
"Why is that?"
Sherlock makes a noise in the back of his throat, one that Mycroft hasn’t heard since he found him half-dead nearly a decade ago, the noise that means he wishes with every fibre of his being that he were more than just half-dead, that he might be allowed to cease to be in one instant.
Moran laughed. "No you can't!
“Everything is not fine. You have been together for over three hundred years; if everything were fine, I suspect you would not have come here unless I invited you. While I am appreciating your unannounced visit, do not think me foolish enough to presume it is only for the pleasure of seeing my face. Now, we are speaking the truth, yes? So, begin.”
Sherlock leapt out of his seat, on his feet and walking towards the foyer before Mikheia could even put his guitar down.
“He’s never needed it before.”
We are not fine, but we are not bad either. We’re getting better. We are working on it.
He stops outside his window. From the light of his room, he makes out a message seemingly burned into the dirt:
He filed the thought away for later examination; there were more important matters at hand.
"Hooch is out."
He could feel John move as he shook his head, thumb idly tracing soothing circles at his temple. “No.”
At least he had told him. At least John knew that he loved him. Sherlock hoped it was something he could hold on to, a life raft amid choppy waves like John's devotion to Sherlock had been in his travels.
, to be anchored in the most favorable view of the annual regatta which christened the newest carnevale season.
does not exist, John.”
“Let’s go out. I want to go out.” John says excitedly and Sherlock gives a yelp of surprise as he yanks up the sheets and upends John off the bed. As he rolls off, John tucks into a tumble and rises to his feet in one fluid motion, stretching his arms above his head, the muscles pulling taut, like some supernatural Olympic gymnast before he disappears into the kitchen.
He’s already out of the door before she finishes her sentence.
“That’s what that was? Your body trying to protect you?”
"What?"
"You can be as thin and tall as you'd like, Sherlock, there's still no way we'd both fit in one chair."
The club music pounds through the pavement, through the stilettos of the dressed up women, of the girls pretending to be the women they want to be, and through the shining shoes of the social climbers, and the tight dresses, tight trousers, tight ambitions, tight dreams of those standing in line.
” The rest of the room asks simultaneously.
He continues to stare at me, and I look around the flat if it means not looking back at him. Nothing’s changed, but I already knew that when I came in. It’s perfectly preserved, like a shrine, like it’s been packed in salt and dried out and preserved, like no one lives here anymore. There aren’t any stray dishes, or clutter, or anything. He’s wiped all the data I need like some sort of virus. It’s maddening.
Sherlock cannot imagine anything that was so special about him as a child, nor teenager, nor adult, to give John even an ounce of what he himself felt for him. John was an angel, he was good and brave and unparalleled, and what was he? What did John see in him that was so deserving?
"I told him that we are CIA agents."
"Why is that?"
“I—” Words seem to fail Alkaev as he searches for the right one to make this madman drop him. “
She lies in the centre of the empty, cold concrete, naked and painted in thick violent slashes of black that arc over pale skin, her arms spread out and her legs straight together. There is nothing outwardly erotic about how she's posed, but John coughs anyways out of uncomfortable politeness. How British of him.
"Greg, he can't follow me." John says over Sherlock's shoulder, before his eyes turn to Sherlock's. "I can only distract them for so long, Sherlock. I need you to run, understand?"
The image of those dark, black veins on John’s face pulses through his mind as he reaches what he wants the most and the least.
He bolts up the stairs two at a time, unwinding his scarf as he undoes his coat buttons, and throws the door to the flat open loud enough that there's no chance John didn't hear his arrival.
Sherlock had been so careful. He had been so sure to draw the eraser deep enough over the lines of Moriarty's criminal blueprints.
He had been sitting somewhere he had never been, and John had been doing something he had never done…what was it? There had been water, fresh and salt. There had been sun and wind and John. He only needed one of those things, the rest could rot for all he cared and he wouldn't give them a second thought.
John's head snapped up, his gaze darting from the river to scan his surroundings. Nothing much to look at. A few tourists taking pictures, locals sunbathing on the grass, people walking dogs. A boy nearby him coughed.
For a moment, Sherlock truly thinks it's going to run and he doesn't know if he's relieved or disappointed.
“Stop it.”
“I’ve paid the price of an eternity to watch this earth,” John murmurs. “To watch you.”
“Sherlock,” Artemisia replied cordially. “Did you enjoy the lab?”
They had been ghosts in Norway, and they were ghosts now, although of an entirely different kind. They would wake together in their tiny rooms as the sun fell through the sky, staring at each other silently as they worked at their connection, passing over it the way a jeweler holds a rare and particular brilliant, making sure to catch the light at every angle, detangling each snag and knot slowly; then they would wash and dress one by one, watching each other by the light of the oil lamp. When night was a certainty, dimmed behind the thick curtains, they would go out.
"Did you come here expecting my protection again?" Mycroft asked, his tone slightly irritated as always, as if John had interrupted him while he was busy with something far more important.
"Come back to me." Sherlock murmurs into John's shirt. "If you leave."
"And this is your solution?"
John tosses back the covers that somehow tucked themselves around him again and staggers to his feet. The room sways and he barely makes it to the bathroom before losing the sparse contents of his stomach into the toilet.
“Weeks…” Sherlock mutters, scanning the feed. “Why is there a gap of
to stay here with your gimpy arm and your bloody
"Sherlock's been an equal opportunity kind of man ever since Irene Adler made him see sense." John mutters to Lestrade.
“Why me?”
Sherlock shut his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
People turn slightly to look at him, but quickly lose interest. He envies them, just a little bit. They have something to cede themselves to wholly. He has something else, something less in some ways but more in others. Mummy had tried to drill organised religion into her sons early in life, yet it never seemed to take with either, though both shammed piety well, allowing themselves to be outfitted in their churchwear every Sunday as if they were costumes. If he cared to think about it long enough, Sherlock would come to the conclusion that the pew his family occupied for ten years was the best stage his childhood could offer.
anything. It wouldn't bring me back. It'd make you feel worse and you'd have two bodies to explain to Greg." John fell silent, his voice cooling. "Donovan once told me that there would be a day when there'd be a body and that Sherlock Holmes would have put it there. Technically that day has already passed, although you weren't really dead. But I don't want that day to come when it's someone who threatened or killed me. I can't have that blood on your hands."
“It depends. How long can we go on ignoring each other? How long could I watch you attend every event here with Irene on your arm and not me? How many times could I walk around the lake and not feel like I’ve done it a thousand times before? You said it was cruel of me to leave you this way, but the truth is if the bond had been active, I would have had something reassuring to keep me here. What you did to me, to us, was cruel too; maybe a different kind, but cut from the same material. Isolating someone who loves you is cruelty, Sherlock Holmes.”
“I’d do anything for him.” The demon answers defiantly, but makes no move to draw a weapon. Somewhere high above, an airplane flies softly above them. The space above their heads is never quiet, never still, always in motion. Always something moving up there.
He feels himself rising. Feels the darkness shrink away, fall back behind him as it recedes into itself like some whipped beast.
With a low growl, he launches himself at John, crouching over him with a knee on either side. He claws at John's eyes—damn them—and John cries out, trying to throw him off with the arm that's not plastic and straight like the Action Man, with the arm the arm that's pink and he lands an elbow in Sherlock's stomach, knocking the wind from him.
"You shouldn't be." He said with a heavy grin.
John shut his eyes, closing out the angry, trembling Sherlock, before opening them again to a Sherlock with his back to him, running a hand through his hair.
"Mmm, not exactly. You've been going mad here, Sherlock. Driven mad by the memory of me. How romantic. What would John say?"
He’s not. He can’t be, he said they have to be destroyed, he’s right here, he’s right
Moriarty smiled.
“Dark and dreary?” He echoes. “Unfortunately.”
Sherlock didn't respond, but instead reached over and covered his mate's shoulder blade with his bare hand. Through the heightened sensation, he tried to convey his innermost thoughts, the plan that was forming in the primordial depths, his hesitation at putting John venture in a most vulnerable and dangerous position.
--//--
He bucks harder into John, who groans and brings him closer. Sherlock bites down his smirk. Look at him. Look at the slag. Already being fucked like the whore he was and begging for more. Who was the saint now? All bathed in pink light.
Sherlock, so stop treating her like one. She's already saved your life twice, which is more than I can say for what she did in Bruges."
“Apologies,” he murmurs, “though you appear to be as well.”
He sighed as he chewed his gum, the taste already losing its flavour and reminding him that he was essentially chewing a piece of rubber. He had been perched on the balcony of the house for a good half hour already. The target was late.
"It worked, did it not?"
He's satiated with happiness, drunk on companionship and slow from easy conversation. He should have been more alert. Should have known what was coming.
But John was worth it.
He chuckled. “I think you of all people know the dangers of saying forever. There’s always going to be a day when it seems like a better alternative.”
“Is it?” John asked, sitting back down. “It’s been ten years. Doesn’t sound very temporary.”
"So simple, human touch…skin." Sherlock muttered. "Yet it is capable of so many things. Expansion, retraction, burning, healing, scarring, horripilation, blistering…"
"Poor little detective…playing around with fire." She grunts as Lestrade binds her hands behind her back with a zip tie. "You never learn, do you?"
The hush of the morning stills the air, the rising street sounds barely trickling inside. The room is dark, with only a solitary lamp turned on, casting long shadows filtered through the watered-down morning light over the walls.
John had been terribly weak – he had gotten out of Moscow, but had to circle around the amassing White Army, traveling through the forests and field by night and sustaining himself off wild game, which they only ever used as a temporary deterrent. He had arrived, dazed and starving, in Warsaw, ordered the telegram to be sent, and collapsed in the train to Amsterdam, half dead and hidden in the luggage compartment.
"You're tired and susceptible to illness."
“Not yet.” He said, and Sherlock believed him. “I know you explained it all, that you wanted it to be me, that you felt ignored, that you felt as if I wasn’t—”
“No, I don’t, I am simply stating facts. I know very well where he is.”
He opened his eyes. The light hurt. His throat hurt. His heart ached. Someone stood above him, silhouetted against the sunlight pouring into the room.
"Ah, let's not spoil the surprise. That's coming later."
I stay. Of course I stay, since I know what life is like without John. Without
“Later.” John mutters as though the beast can hear him and has the cognizance to understand what they’re talking about. “Tell me why I didn’t want to go out.”
His mind wanders. He'll take anything if it means he doesn't think of that alleyway, of John fighting alone in that cold maelstrom of blood and rain.
"Sh—argh, Sherlock, don't go outside. Understand? Do not go outside."
"Quite." Sherlock says in a clipped tone.
“L.A. is
“I would be a fool to think otherwise.” He answered, leaning forward to kiss John in the middle of the forehead, wrapping his arms around him.
A muscle in Sherlock's jaw clenches.
Sherlock's fingers drum on the counter after they've eaten dinner as he turns his microscope back on. He's only eaten the barest amount of food, a habit that makes John want to tear his hair out yet at the same time let Sherlock continue with his research. He felt like a mother hen, hovering over Sherlock until he'd eaten his fill. When he got up to clear the plates, he half expected himself to squawk and lay an egg.
He put a glass chalice upright on the desk near Sherlock, but left the canteen capped and sealed, going to sit across from him.
“There’s a war on, in case you’ve forgotten.”
A sad smile blooms on John's face. "Do you?"
But John. He could build upwards as far as he’d like, and he’d never be done. It will remain unfinished, even though he certainly won’t and John certainly might not.
“People who deserved it, people who he agreed to kill. And he was a willing participant. He signed his own name where it was required. He was also, if you remember, a soldier. He killed people before you, so I must ask is it so shocking that he did so after?”
"Brilliant." John deadpans, and Sherlock can see him losing faith in the future second by second.
Word spread quickly around town about the foreign visitors, and although no one quite seemed to trust them, they were left to their own desires; once Sherlock had managed to solve the rather simple crime of a trussed-up goose and a missing gemstone, their reception was much warmer. Some evenings he would rise early and open their salon to whatever wayward visitor or potential patron might ring, and John would come later, prepare the tea service, and sit quietly as he watched Sherlock work, peeling apart the lowly, sundry drama of pastoral life.
“I wouldn’t have noticed it immediately.” He said quietly. “Not at first. I would…wonder where you were, rationalize that you were merely somewhere else like you do, but somewhere close by. The possibility that you were gone would not have occurred to me...why would it? We’ve been together since we met. You belong at my side, and I at yours. I wouldn’t have known until I read your letter.”
The officer glares at him incredulously, but leaves. He's going to have to answer for that one later.
Lestrade smiles penitently, laying a comforting hand on her shoulder. “I didn’t expect you to, Molly. What with the news and all.” He lets the moment rest for a beat before continuing. “May I ask why you were at the Roadhouse tonight?”
“You are well aware that if you were to ask for anything that catches your eye,
Sherlock sighed in relief and sat on the bed. He thought his knees might have been shaking. And here John was, walking in like Sherlock hadn't just had a panic attack.
“Yes, but would you call us normal, Sherlock? We’re a different breed, brother mine. The only times we ever visit are matters of state and Mummy’s enforced tea times.”
Yaroslav's Court was just as scenic as he'd expected.
“I don’t believe you meant to hurt me like you did,” John started, “and I’m not going into this convinced that it was the end of us. But I want to be clear, Sherlock: I don’t care if it’s an experiment. I don’t care if you did it because you couldn’t stand the sight of me. I don’t care. If it happens again, I will leave and there won’t be another chance. You will not see me again, and you know and I know that’s the truth. Do you understand?”
He jumps to his feet.
in your story. Is that right?”
"Fourteen." Irene corrected, reaching for the door. "This one's alive, and he's talking."
"It is an act of deference, sir. I owe you my life now."
John has a date tonight. With that stupidly common DC from the crime scene. Emma Bird. Typical name. Fitting. Dull. Ordinary.
"Shrlk—" John manages to choke out before his knees give out and he collapses.
“If you think for one moment that Mycroft doesn’t have perfectly capable agents already in place, then you’re being deliberately obtuse.”
He was silent for a moment. “She didn’t make it, then?”
“He’s gone? Moran isn’t here?”
“He killed her.” Sherlock swallowed. “Broke my 1909 Gibson.”
He scoffed. “Don’t be ridiculous.” Then, after a moment: “I don’t want you to have any regrets.”
Sherlock shakes his head but doesn't elaborate.
“Mere peanuts, Dr. Watson. I’m in it for the chase, and, knowing this, they give me a pittance for my services.”
"John and I will be gone in a few hours." Sherlock said, his voice cold and clipped like a knife buried in permafrost. "I anticipate that in the next few days a man will come here. He won't tell you who he is, but he will ask if you know me. You will tell him no, but I don't need to tell you that, do I? You wouldn't say yes, because even though you are angry at me you don't have the nature to seek revenge on me or on John since you think maybe one day you can join us like you're hoping and you don't want to ruin your chances."
Apologies for the wait - life got in the way! And this story, as always, had more to be told than I intended, even if it was technically finished.
“It’s nothing compared to the debt that he’s got to pay.”
Sherlock breaks the quiet, his voice calm and solemn.
His words were blurry, slightly slurred. Cigarettes didn't do that.
John wrenches himself away from Sherlock's grasp, feeling the bruises begin to form under sore skin, as he pushes him away. Sherlock bangs against the opposite wall and John stands there, breathing heavily.
He can see where a pale body is floating.
"Sh—" John choked, his eyes cracked open, but barely. "Sherlock, I—"
"'Nervous about meeting M'…" He mutters, tapping at the words as if it will enlighten him. In his other hand, he fiddles with the ring, running his thumb over the smooth stone. Maybe M would know what this ring meant.
He looks broken.
“Naturally.”
"Cocaine." Sherlock smirks to himself. "And how do you know about that?"
When Sherlock woke, he woke alone. Immediately he bolted upright, unsure if what he remembered had actually happened. He had been changed out of his old tattered clothes and into something that smelled faintly of John’s hands.
John scratched at his left shoulder, just where his scar was. He had that wound before they met...how many more would he have after Moriarty was done with them?
Sherlock is the last vestige of the complete and unedited volumes of John Watson.
and I’ve never heard of a vampire getting a head cold.”
“Molly, you’re not going to get in trouble. I’m not your father and right now I’m technically off-duty, so I’m not your boss either. I’m asking as your friend. A place like that isn’t exactly where I’d normally expect to find someone like you.”
. He hurts at what he sees.
John followed him, clutching the sandwich he had just bought for them to share in one hand (he'd done quite a lot of pointing and gesturing to get it).
"You found him?"
You woke up. You looked into his eyes. You kissed him and he let you in. You both know what that means to him. You both know that this man almost took you away from him and his wrath would have been of Biblical proportions, an angry and vengeful god set on destruction. You have to stop the grey, erase it, purge it, keep it from hurting him ever again.
"Heat lamps." Sherlock answers. "Meant for reptiles being kept as pets. These are obviously built for larger snakes or lizards, among other things." He turns to Lestrade. "Why haven't you turned them off?"
"Perhaps I should rephrase the question." Mycroft sighs. "Who will make sure you are punished if Sherlock is hurt under your guard?"
Moran’s eyes dart down to their hands, and John knows as well as he that the first thing a soldier does when entering a hostile room is note who has guns and how many.
The girl in the bed suddenly screams, once, short and full of fear.
? Sherlock, that’s insane—”
“Because Gianni, I care about your happiness, and I’m an old woman with nothing left to do in this lonely mansion but worry over my friends and their happiness.”
“Mikheia, sir.”
Sherlock backed away as John went to work, melting into the still bustling kitchen as the workers prepared the daily breakfast. He took one long look at his mate, calm in the eye of the storm, focusing intently amid the sound of chopping carrots, the steam of the boiling water, the blood coating his hands, and he disappeared into the hall.
“Mr Holmes,” the voice says, “Sebastian will tell you what we want, and you will comply if you want to see John Watson returned to you. I can assure you, however, that if you waste any more time it will be in body only. Goodbye for now, Sherlock Holmes.”
"I can rewire a car, but I only had practise on older models, like my uncle's. I used to hotwire it and drive to town...he put a stop to that after I nearly hit him with his own car. Why?"
, didn’t you? This is how. I've had my shower. Time for fresh air, don't you think?”
him in your sense. You could banish him, trap him in Sheol or some other place, but you can’t erase his existence. Doesn’t work like that. Hey,” she adds quietly at what she sees on Sherlock’s face, “that means that the same goes for John. Much as he can try, Nachash can’t erase him.”
“But I do, John.” Sherlock interjects, stumbling on his words in their haste to get out, to stop John from thinking he can leave and it won’t be the absolute end of his world. This whole thing has been for him, and he can’t go now. “I do. If I have faith in anything, it’s in you. You
, whether he's experimenting or throwing a tantrum or experiencing those peaceful scenes of domesticity when John's reading or chastising him to eat that should sicken him to the core but seem almost ideal to him.
"If we died together," Sherlock said slowly, hands clasped over his stomach. "I'd want to feel you one last time, anywhere I could get my hands on, at least before you were cold. I wouldn't want your warmth to go away. I can't stand the thought of you cold."
"I thought ransom was—"
"Everyone, this is Sherlock Holmes. He's an investigator with the FBI; he's here, as I'm sure you all know, because of Rachel Wilson."
"I have to inform you every time I leave a room where I'm going? I didn't know you expected that of me John and I'll try to amend it, but you have to tell me these things you know, I'm not a mind-reader although telepathy has been a long-standing interest of mine—"
Sherlock opens his mouth then closes it, eyes moving everywhere about the room except to John.
The doctor grabbed a towel from the rack and turned.
“Can you stand?”
John snuffled softly into his neck, his fingers tightening around Sherlock's as he slept. Sherlock rested his head against John's and ran his free hand over his hair.
"Elucidate."
Later, adrift in the medical bay after his first wartime injury—a sprained ankle after a rough rugby match, go figure—he realized that the other man was not stupid. Of all the times in all existence to be stupid, war was not one of them. Ignorant, sure, egotistical and rash, absolutely, but
Lestrade still stopped by sometimes. That always puzzled John, since Sherlock wasn't there to answer his questions. He even asked John to come to a few crime scenes, but the lack of a swirling black coat barking orders and insults had made John kneel over and vomit, which Lestrade had kindly attributed to the gory body before him although they both knew otherwise.
“When?”
"S'gave me something." He slurs. "Capsule. Think w's hydrocortisone, high cortisol level m'ybe...'m not sure."
"I'm sorry, Sherlock."
Sometimes the salt rubs into the open wounds, and I remind him of why I left, or of the fact that I did, and he leaves me for a while. Not physically, but he’ll be right next to me and a thousand miles away, just as far as when I left him. I wonder if it’s payback. His retribution. He will say
“What are we going to do?” Greg asks. “How do we get rid of him?”
"You're…welcome." Sherlock sighed, exhaling a breath of smoke. "If it had been me I know you wouldn't have left me there. However, considering your present state that doesn't seem too impossible to imagine now."
There were more of them than he'd thought. That was bad. Very bad.
the only thing that matters is how you feel,
The night wouldn't come fast enough.
“Yes, I do.”
He raised his head and turned as John walked towards him. He had blood on his face.
"If you are going to shoot me, do it now please."
As the hollow men
It takes nearly two months before he caves.
"I did."
Sherlock stared at him a moment before he grinned.
They both knew what was coming, what they'd have to address if any progress was to be made, but how to start? How to rectify mistakes that had been made with the purest of intentions that had been twisted in a dark hour?
"The man's boss made him pay my hospital bills for what he had done, for the excesses he had gone to. He was a prideful man, and he had to pay for it."
“It’s easy to make and easy to catch you in.” John says lowly. “You shoot him, you die.”
His recruiter had stared at him for a moment, as if she couldn't quite believe what he had said. A flash of straight, white teeth appeared from behind red lips.
"And here, it is the Novgorod Kremlin. Sort of like our watchtower or soldier barracks or fort or what have you…"
"Doing what?"
“Get you a dog, then.” Sherlock amends. “Or a cat might suffice.”
, Irene!" John called out after her. His eyes fell on the prone form of Orso, head bowed, still on his knees.
say that to me again." She says, her voice thick with an unnameable weight. "Don't even think I'm capable of that kind of cruelty. If I was, why would I be on your side?"
He startles, moving to pull his gun from the drawer beside him, but when he sits back up, there is nothing there but his own reflection. It hadn't been himself that he'd seen—was it?
That serious look was back in Sherlock's eyes, dark and humourless. He laid a hand over the scar, over where the heartbeat had once been, one he would never hear, and a great tide of feeling rose up beneath his touch. The glide of peaceful golden light upon the water, buoyant upon the darker feeling of sorrow.
Sherlock leans back and stares him. Mycroft knows that look too well, the assessing predator lurking in the grass. As if Mycroft were low enough to be counted as
Sherlock had just settled back into his seat and silence when John tasted it, felt his curiosity, a light wash of mint and salt water.
, I could’ve told you all that…he thought he was
“Which ‘him’?”
again, passing between them. It’s just about as blaringly obvious as their sexual habits with each other, which Sherlock can tell by the position of Mycroft’s tiepin and Lestrade’s left sock, but he doesn’t want to think about
John doesn't disappoint. Save for the wings and the dark blood, he passes everything Sherlock throws at him with flying colours. It seems that once he got the basics down, he mastered the art of being human.
"Please."
Snow swirls outside, fast and quick, piling onto its brethren, sticking to the streets and windows and trees, their branches bowing from the weight of it.
“Rarely, but yes." The doctor answered. "We ran blood tests and found traces of an unidentified benzodiazepine, so he was treated for mild withdrawal as well as severe burns.”
"Yeah, I know."
“You really feel that way? About—about all of it?”
"Can you travel with that injury?"
“And why would we possibly need to do that?”
. Stiff upper lip, Queen and Country, is that it? I
"Yeah, but now I'm curious. What kind of experiment sees a man hanging himself in the middle of nowhere, not knowing if he'll be saved or not?"
“You already made me believe that once.”
"If it is within reason, sir."
"Sherlock, you need to leave."
He hangs up, turning to the other two. “We’ve found Billy. Donovan’s bringing him in.”
He reached out over their bond and followed it along the grain, the way one would when smoothing over soft velvet.
“Why did you pick big cities?” Sherlock asks softly, cowed by the sudden appearance of an emotional burden he’d had no idea John was carrying. It hadn’t even occurred to him. He thought John was…less invested than he was. He’d wanted to believe that he wasn’t as involved as Sherlock was. That he didn’t have as much to lose.
Sherlock almost says what he's thinking:
He sank back beneath the waves.
. He wasn't there to stop John's feet from crossing the threshold, he wasn't there to stop John from opening his bedside drawer and finding John's own personally folded, presumed missing striped jumper, and he wasn't there to walk in and find John kneeling in front of his bed, clutching that jumper as if it was the only thing that mattered anymore. The camera's resolution wasn't high enough to show the wetness on John's face, but Sherlock was, if anything, excellent at insight.
He stiffens, despite the arms around him. Where Sherlock’s palm rests, right above where the beginnings of John’s wings should be, a low shaking begins, the muscles beneath seizing up in a tight quivering coil.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft’s laugh edges into patronising. “I doubt that your Irregulars’ reach extends this far.”
He’ll never know if he can. Not until he actually finds John.
The force sent him flying backwards, smacking against the attic wall, this evil leech writhing in his hands, sending a spray of tentacles towards his arms in an attempt to latch onto him. It emitted a high, shrill screech as it flailed, and just before it could attach itself to him, Sherlock was there, wrestling it away as John shot up suddenly, wide awake, gasping for air he no longer had any need for.
“Perhaps. But you sir, you are no stranger. We are friends. Friends help each other.”
“If I had not shut off the bond, would you have left?”
"I'm not stopping you, you absurd man. I'm coming with you."
John stands and catches Sherlock’s eye, knowing as well as he does that John’s shift into human form didn’t exactly include toiletry needs, the same way his body didn't necessarily require food.
“I’ll do it. I’ll get him back.”
, but I thought about what he’s doing right now. Where he is. If he’s—Sherlock’s always been the rash type.”
"A little." John admits. "But it's more similar to intuition. I have an idea of what you're thinking, not the actual thought itself. It's like a blind man dreaming of colours; he knows them, but has no names to call them by. It's not quite unlike empathy, in a way."
"I was prohibiting further agitation—"
“I think it will always be there in some capacity. I can’t forget it. Not really…” He sighed, his voice shaking when he spoke next. “I don’t want to feel like this.”
His hair is almost instantly flattened to his head, water pouring off his dark locks as he darts into the unnaturally stagnant street. The traffic is at a standstill, the drivers unable to see through the torrential cascade and their headlights beam brightly through the thick rain as Sherlock's darkened figure moves through them.
“Graceful as ever, I see.” Mycroft sniffs, sitting down without preamble. “Good to see that hasn’t changed.”
“I don’t take kindly to hurting someone that wears the same uniform I do.” Lestrade answers.
"Why are you speaking in English?" He asked. His accent was definitely Serbian.
“More or less.”
“Pot and kettle, love.”
Sherlock shakes his head, and leaves before they can ask any more unnecessary questions. He shrugs his coat on—more insulated but less stylish than his old one—and enters the night.
"Are you alright?" John asked.
if he was an arsehole, because that was usually when his mind burned at its brightest and they couldn't afford or care to break him from his revelations.
“You don’t know anything about our mother, Harry, so I suggest you let it lie.”
"How did you really get here?"
“And if he finds us?”
Why why why
He has to end this.
“And I’m going to open this—how, exactly?”
Water. Rushing water. He hears it behind him, in the back of his mind, and it feels like the rush of his heart as it pounds in his chest. His oily hands, greasy from siphoning what petrol remained in the abandoned cars' tanks, slip on the gear-shift of a car decades out of date as he shift it to neutral and turns its steering wheel slowly, willing the tyres to be as silent as possible as he begins to push it forward with all his weight.
Quietly, he changes into freshly laundered clothes, carefully ignoring the grimy, dirtied shirt lying on the chair, that shirt he was wearing that night, and he’s moving his other arm into the sleeve before he remembers.
"Sherlock, I told you I'd never—wait, again? What do you mean again?"
“You are Mr—?” The man begins in an accent thicker than his sister’s, but Sherlock cuts him off.
Irene ignored him, rushing past towards the hall to the kitchen.
is like a chasm, a thousand nights deep...
–'skull'.
Sherlock stopped, turning on his heels. “You and I are both perfectly trustworthy—”
We are not afraid of night,
As he woke, alone in that grey dawn, chest slick with cold sweat, a thought lingered in his startled mind.
“Why, do you have something better to do?” John asked dryly, and he caught a brief grin before it slid back in solemnity. He glanced away, then answered honestly: “I don’t know.”
. I have enough of that. Something substantially more valuable."
for humans, am I?” He asks slowly. “Can’t blame you, really. They’re so…
“And from all that you think he’s going to blow up the Yard?”
Lestrade stares at him for a moment, his rationale clearly at war with his better instincts. He nods curtly and turns, ordering two officers to radio into the Yard. “Evacuate immediately. Report an 11-71. Get all personnel out.”
"I died over five centuries ago, genius. Now who's the slow one?" He grinned, but fell back at the solemn look on his husband's face.
"So, what, you think they like performing fasciotomies?"
No one, not even Sherlock could save him now. John would be the luckiest man in existence if he lived to see the next day.
"What about Mycroft?" John asks.
Later. They will talk later.
Mycroft stops by for a visit. This angel is a product of Sherlock's drug abuse, a hallucination at best. He is not prepared for what he finds.
"Who is he?"
"Apologies, sir. I did not know you were an expert."
It was the isolation of it all that really got to him. Everything was too still. At least when Sherlock was around he was always in a frenzy, trapped in thought or letting his silent presence seep through the room, and then later John was around to talk to about anything, but this sudden silence, their absence…it was like dunking red hot metal into icy water.
"Why start now?" He huffed. "So you can regain some modicum of power that you lost due to your own failures?"
it, and then I'll untie you both and lock you up so you can cradle his body. In his final moments he'll know, everything will finally click in that little brain of his, and that will just be the icing on the cake for me. It really will. Knowing that, with his dying thoughts, he realises all he could have had, and then he loses everything… it will kill you, won't it?"
"I saved your life twice you sorry sonofabitch!" John growled, throwing a handful of sand in his face.
, Mycroft. He can’t die.”
"Dr. James Mortimer, Agent Holmes." The man holds his hand out, but Sherlock ignores it. "Rachel was a—a patient of mine. Terrible, terrible tragedy. Her parents…they didn't know that she was seeing me."
"The what? I've never heard of that technique. I simply applied pressure to the subclavian artery, cutting off blood to the brain and—"
He barely remembered the first dream when he slipped into another. The day passed by in a drugged, exhausted haze of sleeping and waking, with Mycroft only bothering him with water or another dose of whatever it was that made him forget just what he'd lost. Sherlock welcomed it. He would raise his head blearily to the empty space on the bed beside him and vaugely recall that something was supposed to be there before he fell back once more into a heavy sleep.
John shut his eyes.
"Yes, sir." She smiles. "I'm sure."
The water’s getting deeper. That’s fine. He can swim.
The boy squinted into the distance before turning his gaze back to him and shrugging.
Sherlock is quiet for a moment, letting Gladstone lick jam off his hanging fingers. “You’re an expert on angels, are you not?”
John smiles softly, running a hand over the one that rests over his heart.
This hymn do they keep gurgling in their throats,
"Friendly? That doesn't sound like him."
arm.”
died, you fucking arrogant pisspot!”
The hall is painted a gloomy, empty blue, the colour of the ocean as it recedes to darker and deeper water where great pits of nothingness begin to form and the edge of knowledge has been reached as the sand bottoms out.
Georgiy settles back in his chair and drains his glass in one go, but refuses a refill from Mikheia. He and John, already light-headed and fuzzy, deign to do the same, both out of politeness and necessity. They had to be clear-headed tonight if they wanted to live to see the morning.
A smooth, soft hand takes his gently, almost reverently. Using the excuse of reflex, John clenches his hands with a silent relief; they were still intact, though that could change. Anything could change—that was the game they were playing, the one he was trapped in. This was war, had always been war. He must be prepared for any eventuality.
The game was afoot.
"I wouldn't know. We're not together." John answers, his voice suddenly a little too civil. "But you might want to leave before he gets any worse and you're not doing yourself any favours as it is."
"Novgorod school number 24, actually." Mikheia answered, stepping back into the shadows. "To graduate you had to assemble an AK-47 in no more than 30 seconds."
“How right—forgive me: none of us are.”
Sherlock had…miscalculated.
to try. The patient would be in an excruciating amount of pain if you did it wrong."
With that oh, with that finite little word, Sherlock realised what he should have known all along, a habit he had formed with matters concerning common sense, a habit that he needed to break as soon as he could.
Something inside him aches at the thought of the empty space where John should be, the feeling not dissimilar to the cold reverberations of a stuck metal pipe, shivering through his insides like ice.
done good for you. Look at what's he's done. Look at how he's protected you."
“He understood you enough to summon me, did he not? He understands you enough to know he is out of his depth to talk with you, such as you are.”
Sound billows into the high ceiling of the lounge as if its full of the customers Sherlock is watching on the screen. His feet are propped up on the large table where an intricate floral arrangement once rested—he can see it in the video—and he is surrounded by ghosts, the proof that people once swarmed in this room with their little unimportant lives and problems. He feels like an impotent God, seeing all and being unable to touch, to control any of those he looks down upon. The voices get louder, like rising water over his ears and he hates them, hates their voices and loud stupidity and wishes it would stop. Someone laughs obnoxiously and a woman in pink walks past his table and then it is quiet, resoundingly silent. The end of the file.
. I could get Bess' jewels for you again, as a wedding gift...I'd do that for you, Sherlock, I hope you know that. I really would."
“John—Nachash, where did he go?”
him like that? With five words he proved himself the better man. Again. As if Sherlock needed more proof.
"Yes?" John asked, kissing the spot on his neck where his pulse yammered itself away like it didn't know how to quiet itself in the situation. He leaned back, looking down at Sherlock expectantly, and the light hitting his face, illuminating such a haunted man when he looked peaceful, seemed to punch Sherlock straight in the heart like a spasm of electricity.
And Sherlock would find him.
The monarchist Purishkevich poured an equal measure of madeira into their waiting glasses, raising his in salutation, the light of the fire refracting against the red wine. John felt his teeth push downwards, piercing his lip as he struggled to toast without opening his mouth. He should have eaten before coming – he could hear the strong pulse coming from the men’s thighs, reverberating through their thin, mortal bodies, begging to be loosed—
“Fine. I am in love with you too.”
). Cabbies. Incorrect change. Westwood. Anything not John.
He looked around for his clothes, which were nowhere in sight. He sighed and moved to stand on the cold linoleum before his legs promptly gave out from under him. He groaned and reached up to grab the metal gurney, pulling himself back up. He wobbled on unstable legs.
“Mm?”
"We'll see about that."
Georgiy ignores his fresh drink and reaches a hand across the table, taking John’s in his tanned, warm palm as he speaks.
“No…” His grip tightens on John’s arm. “No.
Broken toys litter the floor, a mobile hanging half-destroyed over an empty crib.
The question that you never want answered is ‘Why?’. And the answer that you never want to hear is the simplest one, the one that Jim overlooked because he wanted this game to mean something to you, God rest his thoughtful, sentimental soul.
"Moriarty's."
He doubled back to the crossed hallways and bolted down the one where John had appeared at the end. Sherlock rushed up to him just as John strode towards the detective, meeting him halfway and grabbing him, turning him around as he searched for any visible wounds.
?” Sherlock interrupts disdainfully. “As if I’d pick something so numbingly massive, there’s no grace to it, I may as well be hacking away at an elephant carcass with a string of floss—”
"I think they had one themselves, actually. They feel repulsed by it, so they wish to make others just as ugly as they are."
There was a crack, a sudden high pitched whistle as something sliced through the air. The chain loosened. He felt something hot dripping down the back of his neck as he dropped to the floor. His body sucked in great gasps of air although he didn't want it to. A door banged open. Someone called his name.
“This is too easy. You’re being too fair.”
“You’re too young to know.” Sherlock muttered and John elbowed him in the ribs.
"Moran has his family, doesn't he? Or he's convinced Mikheia that he has."
"When you're 15, yeah, but 35 is a bit of a stretch—ah Christ—Sherlock—
He turned to watch the rooftops. If his theory was correct, tailored to the facts as it was, then this creature would be waiting to pounce from above.
A small light hums on right above him and he blinks against the audacity of its brightness.
"I know it hurts, and I know I can't say anything to make it go away, but I'll tell you this, John. He loved you. I know he loved you. And whatever you feel for him, if it's not love, then it's damn well close to devotion. You are the most loyal, most hard-working, most honest man that I've ever seen, and I've seen more than most would care to. I know you're destroying yourself over him, and it's pointless to tell you that he wouldn't want that, because you know that already. And, from what I gather, he'd feel rather self-important about it, so you'd only be inflating his ego."
Slowly, he raises his head off the wet pavement, ears ringing with that high white sound. His hair is matted to his temple where he fell, but he can't tell if it's from blood or rainwater.
Mycroft Holmes, contrary to his brother's long-standing denial, is not stupid.
She shook her head.
(See the end of the chapter for
"There won't be a next time." John said through gritted teeth and Moran turned around.
“Is it about him?”
A smile flickered to Sherlock's face. "They've got some cans out back if you'd rather watch paint dry." He offered, and just like that there they were, two madmen laughing together in the desert in front of a corpse.
A pulse of something that can only be called darkness reverberates around the room, silent but shaking him down to his bones. John's eyes open, but there is no
“If I recall correctly,” Mortimer says, “the performer is Victor Merzhanov...quite lovely, very talented hands. More often than not, this tends to be my companion through the night, though occasionally I’ll call up Toscanini or Debussy if I feel particularly restless or wistful, in that order.”
He takes the towel again and unhooks the old metal coffeepot from where it dangles over the fire. As he moves, John hobbles to the cabinets and with a great stiffness manages to grab three mugs and set them on the table.
“When you were in the lab, did you feel strange? Warmer, surer—?”
“I want many things from you, John, but you are not amenable to granting me them at this point. I doubt you will any time soon, and I understand.”
They cut him off with a startled cry.
Slats of waxen gold light slash down on their backs as they run behind the houses, every other step in darkness.
John turns back to the beast and Sherlock can hear that humming again, the same frequency as the one from the alley when John picked up that broken piping. The beast groans and attempts to move, but John shushes it with words Sherlock can’t decipher; they sound like rain sloshing on wet pavement, like the crunch of dead leaves, like the silence of a forest, sounds of nature that are too big and vast to be forced into something as small as words.
John was cut off as Moran gave a hoarse shout and rushed him, tackling them both to the ground. John hit his head harshly on a bag of flour and he felt it break under his weight, coating them both with fine white dust. Moran's fist flew at his face and John was unable to stop the crushing impact in time before blood spurted from the newly fresh cut on his nose. The blood flowed into the flour on his face, turning into a gross, thickening paste that drizzled into John's mouth.
He had every confidence in him. He wasn’t leaving. Sherlock wasn’t alone. Not really.
"What," John starts, but he has no idea on how to continue. "What
"So you think
I look over at him, typing away at his laptop with the speed and dexterity of my great-aunt. He glances back at me and smiles. There’s still so much unsaid—so much mire to wade through together, but at least we are together, and not apart. Neither of us has it within our constitutions to survive it again, and if he died, I wouldn’t be far behind, but that doesn’t mean we don’t argue about me using the last of the milk as a culture again or that everything is perfect and we just need a white picket fence as the bow on our model life. Sometimes he’ll go away from me, and I will bring him back. Sometimes I’ll barricade myself in my cellar, and he will trudge through the howling wind and salty rain to come down the stairs, hold out his hand amid the floating fire, and lead me back home.
"That was the code she gave you at the station, right?"
It's only when he gets to the end that he realises he had shut all of them this morning.
“No,” Sherlock answers, eyes scanning the crowd, “but I wasn’t inconspicuous either. Short of shouting our hotel’s address and waving a banner with my name on it, I should have been noticed.”
John felt his stomach begin to convulse and heave, yet he could do nothing but choke on every breath he took before letting it rattle out of him. Moran knelt beside him, picking up his forearm in a tight grip and examining it for a moment before sinking the needle of a syringe into it and pushing the plunger.
“What do you remember?” Mikheia asks quietly.
He’d barged into Mycroft’s office—the Diogenes Club rules be damned—after hearing of one of his more recent abductions of John, and precisely told his brother about John Watson.
“John—” Sherlock reached out his hand to lay it on John’s shoulder, but he shirked away.
It is a testament to his idea of normal that he looks at each of them, sips his coffee, and asks: “So, what do you need me for?”
, making him wait for you while you rot in the ground, that’s just so much sweeter.”
Sherlock steps aside and motions to John. “Him.”
Empty.
“Did you know she was using cocaine?”
Wrote this in a day y'all - don't call it a comeback, I've been here for years!
“How was your walk?”
Sherlock narrows his eyes.
“Watson.” Moran begins. “I bet you’re wondering why I took him.”
"John?"
John felt his head pound. The heaviness in his stomach twisted painfully. His throat tightened.
John looked up, into Sherlock's face, calm, pale, and beautiful. He had figured it out. John hadn't wanted him to, but Sherlock was Sherlock, and so of course it was inevitable.
“Word from Russia is that war is coming.”
you, John, I ran
“Nowhere you’ve heard of.”
"Mikheia, I need hot, wet towels." He turned to where the boy stood, shocked into stillness and his voice turned viciously sharp. "What are you doing standing there with your mouth open? Go!
“Well,” Harry swallows, “Lots of things, really. He could be in between states—that’s the most likely—but if he was, it wouldn’t have been for this long. He would’ve come back to you, Sherlock. I know that, if nothing else. He’d come back to you if he could, however he could. Whatever’s stopping him, it isn’t because he’s lost faith in you.”
“Gary? There’s no Gary here.”
"Boom." Harry digs into her satchel and pulls out the skull that previously graced Sherlock's mantle.
," he adds, "with a good plan in place, who's to say we don't have just as good a chance as he does?"
"The one on the back of your chair?"
The chair he’s strapped to begins to whir and he realises belatedly that it’s the same kind as one found in a dentist’s office. He can do nothing but wait until he’s brought up into a sitting position, the light blaring into the sensitive tucked away pains in the back of his head.
Mikheia turns to him and John startles at his expression, his eyes full of something deep and heavy and mournful, the look an old man gives to someone he’s about to lecture on the wicked, cruel ways of the world. The look of an ancient knowledge of someone who’s had to learn what they know through a burdened, terrible suffering.
But Sherlock is not looking at him. His gaze has whipped around to where Greg Lestrade crouches in the foyer, gun drawn.
“Is that bad?”
“I owe him a fall.”
The blonde man stands.
From the torrent, or the fountain —
For one wrenching, heart-stopping moment, he believes that he’s been blinded. He believes that he will never see again, never see his hands or Sherlock’s expressions or what clothes he will wear for the day as he picks them out. For one moment, he is afraid that such a life changing event has happened so suddenly and irrevocably without him noticing, without him witnessing the significance of the act itself.
"No." He answered calmly. "I did not abandon him, as you seem to be so fond of suggesting. They took him before my reconnaissance could report their presence to me."
strategy was sloppy.” he clarified. “Artemisia was attempting to illicit an emotional response to you by appealing to your kindness and your value of her friendship; she began almost as soon as we arrived. It’s a poor way for a chess player to behave.”
John's calmer now, his breath evening as the water dirties with mud and thick blackness that comes off his skin in congealed globs like tar, dense and oily. His eyes slide open slowly, flickering for a moment before settling on Sherlock, who must look more like a crazed semblance of a man than anything else at this point. There's too much darkness littering the water, it's growing less clear by the second.
His lack of any kind of formulated plan is painfully obvious to himself as he searches for open taxis in standstill traffic while simultaneously calculating how long it would take for him to run to Baker Street.
He still trusted her, despite what she had told him. He still cared for her, despite what had happened to him in the Kremlin. None of that had been her fault. She wasn't responsible. It had been the agency, all the agency's doing, and she was going behind their backs to tell him. She was on his side. Innocent.
"I sent Orso out for the first round." Irene said, pointing to the bold lines on the map that indicated the Jewish quarter. "A bit of strafing to get his attention, as it were."
Namecards in their placards fly by his gaze as he searches for the one with John’s name on it.
"Go!" John barked, but Sherlock knew his irritation was not with Sherlock himself, but with the seconds that passed by and let the flypaper voice run further away.
"I'm sorry." John said, his lips grazing Sherlock's before he pulled himself away. "That's not how I want it to go. And once that brain of yours catches up, I don't think you will either."
"Are you going to kill him?" John asked through the tightness of his chest.
Something's wrong.
He approaches the marbled steps, the features of the ram heads that graced the ornate stone vases on the balustrade washed out from a century and a half of English weather, leaving them faceless and blank but for the holes were their eyes once were. The old fountain looms before him, black, slick and shining in the morning with green muddled slime that drips from the rusted edges with the saturated consistency of slobber. The two stone women on either side pour the same gruel from the tipped vases in their hands, adding their contribution to the thick, dark slime with unshaking arms. Beneath the fountain bent figures hold it up, bearing their carriage reverently despite being coated in the slime of the ages, oily with filth that no one has bothered to wipe from their faces.
. He used to favour this song in his brooding study hours at uni. Or simply just the brooding hours, which were many and constant. Raucous, frenzied piano humbled and tamed by a delicate, stringent flute and subsequent brass...beautiful. A chaotic variable among a harmonious, undisturbed element, not quite belonging, yet not quite separate. Once, in a more naive past, he’d identified as the piano piece—fast, sharp, as fleeting and bright as cracks of lightning—but then John had come, and Sherlock had pinned him as the flute—smooth, soft, light, a haunting, sad beauty—and then John had left, and the two parts had separated, the complimenting concomitant disappeared, and Sherlock had been left with discordant, arrhythmic, querulous piano. The flute solo was over now, quick as a flash and beautiful and done, yet the piano continued banging on, it’s delicacy replaced by a barbaric clanging.
“Are you…he was lying, right? That’s why he came.”
Eat it. Do it for John. He’d want you to.
His contact walked into the unassuming diner off the main street and sat across from the world's only consulting detective who was very, very irritated. But what else was new.
The one lone, terrible scream, cut off by a wet choking, reminding John of a trauma patient that once drowned in their own blood.
"Your—your parcel, it is there—" She managed to get out, pointing to the counter. The man pocketed the dart and reached over to pick up the bracelet. She couldn't see his face, but his posture changed, stiffened. He looked like a soldier.
Azazel thrashes on the floor, trying to get a hold on the knife’s handle through slippery black-slicked fingers, but he doesn’t have enough purchase to pull it out. John raises his hand, palm open, and calls up his mace, that unexpectedly reliable pipe, and brings it across the demon’s face in a sharp crunch of shattering bone. He lets his mace clatter to the ground and drags Azazel up by his collar.
"The Sun's rising from the river
Dissolution. The Second Stage, the dissolving of the ashes left over from Calcination, the return to the innocence of the womb, symbolized by images such as menstruation, flooding water, and plants blooming with seven flowers.
“Humans have a different story about the Great Flood than we do. We—my kind—we mean the deluge of humanity, the birth of your history and your ancestors. Nachash was born with me and my brothers and sisters.”
"The moon orbits the Earth." John chuckled, picking up the towel. "Who says you're not learning?"
“Greg,” John starts, heading, stumbling, towards him, his head swimming with pain and passion. “This is Azazel, a demon that’s been summoned to your realm. He implanted false memories in Sherlock’s mind, convinced him he had a younger brother and took its form. He drugged you, he attacked me, Nachash sent him, I know he did—”
Some days it even felt like the army again. London pavement turned to Qurya sand under his feet and he could pretend the gravel on the rooftops was a dirt road in the mountains where everything seemed too beautiful to be so soaked in the blood of both sides. If he was being poetic, he could say that London was exactly the same. Yet it wasn't beauty or poetry that his mind strayed to when he was assembling his gun on a deserted roof or parking garage. He never thought of Sherlock or Mrs Hudson or Greg or Molly or Mike. None of them even came into his head.
John sidled up to the bakery with the smashed window carefully. He felt like he was back in Afghanistan again, creeping up on buildings that brewed and teamed with the enemy.
"Can you do that too?"
What an awful time for Sherlock to realise he was standing in a room that had been soaking in oil for two decades.
The church was as quiet as a freshly filled grave.
As the Westwood touches the fire, Moriarty vanishes. Sherlock closes his eyes. His anger dissolves like a light turning off. The pink in the edges of his eyes fades. Everything fades.
, she'd said.
!” His scream echoes across the still lake.
"Need anything else John?" Sarah asks, refilling his cup as he surfaces out of his thoughts, rubbing at his face. His cup this morning feeling as if it was a thousand years ago, and it's only just past noon.
He leads them through the den, carpeted in rich red rugs and home to a natty old couch, before opening a door and letting them into a small, cramped office, with piles of papers building towards the low ceiling and a dinosaur of a computer on a desk bending with the weight of various stacks of books and a lamp shaped like a Hawaiian hula dancer.
But whereas The Woman had been all threats and secrets and one powerplay tripping after another, Seong-Eun openly acknowledged her position in life without denying what she had done to get there, nor all the benefits it allowed her now. She was dangerous because she had no secrets to be used against her, no one to be loved by her, and where The Woman had inspired no loyalty but her own, Kita Seong-Eun commanded the love of all of her underlings, and the respect of her elders.
.” John snapped, his head aching at the red light, at his too-sluggish responses, at the knot in his gut. “My oath as a doctor doesn’t involve saving the life of a psychopathic gun-for-hire who’s only goal in life is to hurt other people, so you can save the argument because it’s absolute shite.”
It’s written all over his face.
“Um, yes, yes, here.” Sherlock snatches one from its holder on the counter.
Namely that John is not, strictly speaking, an angel. He is a Watcher, similar to a guardian angel, born from the light of the stars and banished to the desert for sins he did not commit (he asks who banished them; John says he doesn't know, says that it was always that way for him, that the Nephilim's memories were scorched by the sun so they had none to pass onto their children).
“Look who’s finally catching up.” Moran sneers. “I had the windows rigged by a team posing as window cleaners. Tell our friend Greg over there he needs to step up his security. It’s a bit pathetic, how poorly guarded the headquarters of the fucking
The shadows grew longer, darker, oil lamps and candles running lower and lower the farther back he went, until finally he caught a glimpse of a familiar grey gaze, settling hazily onto him.
“Sherlock, I have news.”
"John, it's
He held a hand up to silence him before laying it back down on his chest. “You work so well when you have nothing holding you back, and I dare you to tell me I’m wrong when I say that in the time it took you to travel here, to talk with me, you might’ve found another link in whatever bizarre chain Moriarty is making. You would have been one bit closer to unraveling him.”
"It is currently just past five fifteen in the morning, sir."
"I will. How's your shoulder?"
"Just thought you should know." He shrugged then winced at the ensuing pain. "Certainly been keeping it to myself long enough."
, you’re just too dense to see it—”
"I know that you do not think much good of anything. I know that many things disappoint you and so you have made yourself disappointed by everything. But while I was in the Alley, I came across a dog. It had been shot in the leg, and it was bleeding out. I tried to help it, and it bit at me. It didn't know any better than to protect itself the only way it could. I took off one of my socks, the only pair of socks that I had in the whole world, and I wrapped it around the wound. I took the dog home and gave it to a neighbor and even though it is quite old, it is still alive and well today. I think I was spared that day in the Alley, I think that someone saw my good deed and saved me my life. Or maybe it was because I was a child, although you reminded me once that they had a habit of not even sparing children. I don't know what it was, but I am grateful that they let a hurt boy take a hurt dog home."
"The Trentham Laver," Mortimer reads, shining his light on the placard, "'The bowl is of dubious antiquity…the oval table is not genuine; the supporting heads are partly ancient having originally served as acroteria on the lid of a sarcophagus'…okay, moving on…'the rectangular plinth slab has ornament carved in the early 3rd century AD but it has been altered to adapt it to its present use…'" He looks at Harry. "So we came for a giant punch bowl?"
Harry closes her mouth, looking around.
He uses the momentum to twist around, gripping the demon’s collar so he hits the ground first, although it won’t do either of them much damage.
The rest of the parish stands as if they’d been cued earlier to catch the outsiders off-guard, and Sherlock follows.
“Are you a God-fearing man, Sherlock?” Mortimer calls from the kitchen.
“Sherlock—”
He leaps over the blur of shifting muscles and fur, landing on the head of the leader and sending it crashing to the ground before he uses the momentum and springs back up, grabbing Sherlock and putting him behind him with one arm before turning around and feeling the icy sharpness of a clawed paw burying into his chest and tearing.
The two stood alone for a moment in the quiet room before Sherlock spoke.
“Maybe he needs an operative; someone familiar with the land and the politics.”
"I believe so."
“Around 50,000 yen.” Ne answers.
. But…until tonight, I’d never had it turned on me. You’d been keeping it focused on Moriarty, on him and his web and all those little insects, trapped under your magnifying glass until they burned away. I—I didn’t know, what it felt like to have the whole force of Sherlock Holmes thrown at me in one go. It scared me. I was so afraid I ran from it. But…despite that, I’m a soldier, aren’t I? I like to be in the thick of it. I can’t stand being away from the fight. And the fight is you, now, I suppose, and even if it wasn’t, I’m not going to give up on you. You hurt me tonight, Sherlock, and I’m trying to understand why, and I’m not going to forgive you just like that, but I’m not going to give up on you. Remember that.”
"I had other things on my mind." He answered.
. I cleaned them. I put them through the fire. It's not my fault they burned from it."
John laughed softly.
"And I'm going to repeat it until you tell me yours. My name is John."
His solid presence, matched to the instability of his brother, seems to diffuse the situation as quickly as a thumb to lit wick, and the doctor brushes back his hair as he regains his composure.
Sherlock stares into nothingness for a moment, his mind whirring. He stands, shadow cast large and looming on the wall.
He ducks around the side, hurrying to the gaping maw that holds the rusted lift. Inside, curled in the corner amid a hanful of cans of petrol, is the package he placed there after running from Sherlock Holmes, the only man he’d follow to the ends of the earth, the only man he has gone to the ends of the earth
“Sherlock, yes.” He nods. “Well, I hope I will.”
“Hello John. Nice to see you.”
“This is your last chance.” His voice rings through the darkened quiet. “I don’t want to kill you, John. You don’t deserve it. Couple of Watchers like us, here…when was the last time that happened?”
"Well, Sherlock's the only one who knows what his brain looks like, all smattered on the concrete, so I'd wager that you didn't quite see
John mentioning logic and himself in one go made something in Sherlock’s reptile brain spark with nascent pride.
"Too hot…" He murmurs, his voice scraping against his throat. "'s too hot."
"I don't know." John shrugged. "I guess since I've seen the damage it can do I know not to get into it. Plus I'm a doctor, and I know what that stuff can do to you."
Could he just walk through the door or would that be considered a faux pas?
Alone with himself, his thoughts, which, more often than not, turned to Sherlock when the day was through and he'd wiped the blood off his hands.
Warily, he sat, noisily scraping the chair against the hard tile. Irene folded her hands and looked at him, her face serious and solemn; her act as John’s envoy.
“About an hour.”
"Consulting detective, yes, the first and only, but what do you do?"
There are scratches by John’s eyes, little sharp slashes making the skin around them pink with irritation. Done by Sherlock’s own hand. His fault.
"May I come in?"
“What’s gotten into you?” He asks, wearily carding his hands through his messy hair as leans against the threshold.
, Sherlock," John interrupts. "We're not going to frame it for guests to see."
"Yeah?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John opened the door, stepping out into the hallway in women's slacks. There was something he'd never thought he'd do. Check that off the list of things he never wanted to do again.
Wherever he goes, his demons follow him.
"The snake." He whispers. "In the Garden of Eden, the snake spoke to Eve and made her eat the apple and banish humanity from the garden forever."
John. John, what did you see? What happened? A child was blown apart, his mother grieved for him, but there was something else, you saw something, something that made you forget about lists for once, something you couldn't internalise…
“Forget the dead, the past? O yet
“Yes, John. Some of your statements are inaccurate, however.”
like it was a locked, windowless room with a body in it, so it bloody well looks like yours includes me as well. Now, if that’s what you want, you will tell me everything,
“I know you know I’m here, Mr. Holmes.”
“Xanax,” he scoffs. “That was your drug of choice, Jelen?”
"The Hollow Men" – T.S. Eliot
"I know you're there Sherley." He said, playful. Playful was dangerous. "You're thinking of a way to talk me down, like I'm about to jump off the ledge. You know there's no way, though, and now you're trying find another way. It's like watching a mouse trying to find its way through the maze."
"I didn't have a choice, really." John shrugs nonchalantly, but Sherlock can tell he's lying. Too many questions though. He'll ask again later.
“—what would you save?”
"Are you…" John swallows, his voice as cracked and parched as his torn skin. "Are you alright?"
He scrambled up, his long legs bringing him to the door as he flew into the hallway, leaving Mary on the floor to pull out her mobile.
Sherlock scoffed. “I’m serious.” John added. “You need someone who sounds and acts like a local with this kind of business. Why wouldn’t it be us? We’ve certainly had enough practice.”
Sherlock then turns in a huff to eye the scenery, small towns smoking and peaceful in the distance, nestled in the arms of the quiet hills around them. A wave of hot envy passes through him for a moment, jealous of their simplicity. What did they know about pain? What did they know about the suffering of the world? He was sure, even as he thought this, that he was wrong. Someone down there must have suffered as he did, or else someone beside him.
“Your
He has the little runt in his hands, a squirming foot in his feet. The damn brat is squealing like a pig. A pig, a pink pig. Just like his mother.
but it often takes decades
"Hm?"
John makes a noise underneath the rag.
“Your idea of a bad day is when you don’t kill an injured animal because it attacked me.”
taken?”
"You're avoiding the question."
His theory that the world was uncaring was fallible. And as he reached the bottom step, about to throw open the door, just as the bullet sounded – he changed his mind.
The drawer is empty.
Sarajevo would crush under the weight of Sherlock's grief.
"Last night—you knew so much—"
John—"
"We've just been informed that the greatest threat to our happiness has been resurrected, and you're choosing now, of all times, to inform me that we may have another?"
John groaned. "Of course." He ran a hand blearily through his hair, messing it up further. "Mycroft was the one that put me in the Kremlin?"
. This feeling that has draped itself around her since Rachel started missing classes and avoiding her calls, since she started glossing over Molly's concerns with a smile; since she started using again.
“39.”
“I meant don’t look at me like I’m an audience that you have to convince of your good intentions. Do that to everybody else. Do that to Irene. Don’t do it to me. You know better.”
She moves to stand in front of him, but he can't look anywhere but at the snakes. He isn't shaking. Why would he do that? Absurd. What could he possibly be startled by?
But no. No. Those wouldn't work. The agency
which only hid the upper half of the face.
He stares at the food and feels bile churn in his stomach, biting at itself, at its emptiness.
Sherlock does not miss Lestrade's slight look of shock.
He felt peaceful. He didn't feel that often, so he knew it when it bloomed inside, a clear calm so much like cold river water. A boat slowly cruised over the water, tourists snapping pictures over the railings. He wasn't proud enough to call it arrogance, or indomitability, but he felt powerful. These people and he were not alike, and he knew that. He was apart from them, another category all his own now, the newest outlier, the outcast, the social oddity. Sherlock was no longer the only member of that isolated tribe—
“In passing.” John shrugs, opting to add no more fodder to whatever kind of fire he’s found himself dealing with. “You said Molly’s here. Who’s with her?”
“The darkness here is much more interesting.” He mutters hazily.
“How did you like that trick with the trains?” A server heard the professor ask as he cleared the tables.
"As long as you promise not to be an annoying git and harass her, she's over there." Lestrade says, pointing to a young woman taking DNA samples from the corpse.
He knows, and is silent.
“Done?” Mycroft asks disbelievingly. “Investigating is your life. You’ll never be done.”
"How are you so sure? Did you experience this yourself?"
I'm settling on the bottom in the soft silt like a forgotten relic of a sunken ship. I might rust down here. I might stay here forever, and he'd never know.
John shuts his eyes, leaning into him.
She hadn't been lying when she'd told him his temporary detox would be hell. After pumping him full of electrolytes and mild rehydration fluids, they had sent him on his merry way, except it wasn't so merry at all, it was rather miserable. And he knew he had to suffer through it, because what good would complaining do? No one would care. No one could make it go any faster.
He shut the door without another word. A morning call was worrisome. Something important had happened. Something that couldn't wait.
Gladstone sniffs at the cold floor then straightens suddenly, quirking his head before bounding off into a door to their left.
Before he blurted it out, Sherlock managed to mould
"Oh, lovely."
"None so far other than sadism or the fact that they enjoyed doing this to her—"
In its autumn tint of gold —
He supposed if someone found him out, although he was quite careful and demonstrated a certain discretion that even Sherlock would be proud of, they would ask him if he felt bad about what he did, which would imply the question of if he felt guilty. He would look that someone in the eyes and answer honestly, because John was a soldier, not a liar.
“Harry, I know her, she wouldn’t–”
He looks up, the light hurts his eyes for a moment, and John smiles weakly at him.
Next chapter: The Man on the Bank, Cila and Sherlock
"Of course I did. He wanted to be many things."
"A white lie?"
house? You punched me in the face.”
they'll live through a drought without knowing what thirst feels like."
"That's an understatement." John muttered. "I wonder why?"
Sherlock watched her, his frown warped in the reflection.
He rests his head against the seat.
"Then why am I just finding this out now?" John asks, looking to each of them. "You all knew, and no one thought to tell me?"
"That you are not who you appear to be."
“What, I can come home and climb into your lap and treat you like a life raft, but there’s something wrong with sharing a
For how long?
“Mmm…engine overheated.”
He found himself banging against the door with a strength he didn't know he had until it ripped from its hinges and he was scrambling upwards in a mad dash to the foyer.
“Let me get my shoes.”
He would very much like all of those things.
"I was going to kill him, you know." Sherlock admits.
like you.”
Mycroft is silent, but stiff-backed.
His cardigan was slightly askew and Sherlock could see flakes of peanut shells caught in the fibres, as well as a slightly dark, moist spot on his sleeve where beer had splashed onto it as he drank his way to clumsiness. But he wasn't drunk—John rarely got drunk—he was merely sloshed, as per what usually happened when he ran into a few of his rugby friends. His hair was slightly mused from where his friend had ruffled it and Sherlock felt a tiny jealous needle prick his skin because he had always wondered, in a purely scientific (or so he convinced himself) sense, what John's hair felt like because it looked smooth and soft, even when he had product in it. There was a scuff on John's right shoe at the toes where he had bumped into someone's chair and a thin green thread snagged under the nail of his pointer finger on his right hand from patting them on the shoulder in apology. Under the nail of his other pointer finger there were traces of tobacco leaves, which struck Sherlock the most because he was certain that John didn't smoke much less roll his own fags, proved by his fastidious refusal to give Sherlock any cigarettes of any form, a refusal which Sherlock still held against him. He could take John by the hand and lead him to the chair, pick out a few leaves from his nail on the way and have them under his microscope for analysis before John even knew what was going on, but he knew that would be quite unnecessary.
“I’d rather not.”
Their phones chime at the same moment and they look to each other.
“And you believe you’ll, what – assassinate him on the floor?”
The man looked up at him.
He must have hit it harder than he presumed.
"Do you think you could at least give me 24 hours to recover from the simultaneous collapse of my trust in you and my subsequent drugged stupor before I answer?"
“Do you hear that?” He asked, tilting his head. Sherlock froze.
“Blasphemy, John?” Sherlock says dryly before John all but yanks his limp arm from Sherlock’s hands.
"Sherlock, now's not the time—"
Rain flecks against the window, coming down in sheets now, the downpour so thick that he could barely see the lights on the other side of the street as he stood in Bart's reception lobby, a place almost sterile in its design. Perhaps that was why Sherlock liked hospitals, when he wasn't occupying them. They had the quietly accepted atmosphere that science came first and personal comfort took the backseat.
“I’m in enough trouble as it is with you dismissing that officer today. Do you think my staff will listen to me if I keep letting some FBI agent come in and start firing them left and right? I have to maintain order around here, and you’re not helping. We need you, Sherlock, but not so much that I’d let you take advantage of us. Am I clear?”
His mace, wrapped tightly in his fist, is getting colder, icy to the touch as it sticks to his warm palm. He scans the black sky as he coasts through it, an antigen in a blood stream, yet he knows it will do him little good. Azazel doesn’t fly the way he does. He appears, usually when unexpected, as it benefits him.  When he attacks, he’ll make sure to catch John off-guard.
Thank you to everyone who commented/kudos'd(I'm still getting the hang of AoOO)! They really keep this ship sailing. Unfortunately, though, this ship is not currently flying the John/Mary flag.
“Later, Sherlock.”
It felt like an eclipse had come over him, blotting out the oncoming dawn. He had made some excuse or another to the party, and climbed on his horse, bolting at full speed back to the castle. The court members thought it some ridiculous Dutch custom, leaving a hunt so early after its conclusion, but he couldn’t stand to stay a moment longer.
take me back I don’t care just don’t let me live like this please please I can’t do it I’m not strong enough
. Muscles tightened in on themselves, writhing, shaking. Tremors. John's hand left the curve of Sherlock's hip and drifted to his own lazily, like a lapping tide.
The bang of cabinets echo through the dim, empty hall as Sherlock glances over the walls, the paint barely visible underneath carefully arranged photos and frames. From upstairs he could hear the strains of music with the faint scratch of a record player.
"I hardly think it's worth pondering over." Sherlock says tersely, but leaves the question unanswered.
He starts at the hand on his face, touching him softly right below his eye.
John left his phone. That stupid idiot.
When I was young, there were two things in the world that I knew to be true: Texas had enough space for anything man could dream up — at least as far as money, or land, or love — and that meant Texas had space for me. Coming from Iowa, all I knew up til then was farming and a little horsehandling, particularly when it came to roping cows. Mam used to say the land was my real mother because my hair was the color of the cornfields, but it turns out it was also the color of the dunes, of wild Morabs and Aztecas waiting to be saddled, of the sun setting across the wide, flat plains.
"Do you remember what I told you about werewolves?" Sherlock says. "I hope from now on you take me more seriously,
The ball hits the wall.
"Do you?"
John sat numbly at the kitchen table, his back bowed and aching. He could still feel the slice of the whip as it cut into his skin, could still smell the cigarette smoke that hung about the room like cheap and heavy cologne, could still hear the laughter and taunts as each took his turn sending the air snapping. His teeth ground together. A shudder cracked through him, sending a fresh pain reverberating through him, through all the gulfs and canyons of cuts and wounds on him. He didn't want to look down, didn't want to see the damage. Not yet.
Sherlock stops short, his argument dissipating and crumbling to bits.
Mary smiled sadly.
"No," John replied. "No, that felt…good."
"Naturally." Sherlock stepped over the sleeping body. "Why didn't he shoot you?"
John had to get out. He had to get out
"How do you feel about Devonshire?"
“We’re gonna do our damndest. That’s why I’m here, genius.” Harry says, hopping onto the kitchen counter as she rifles through the cabinets. “I think he knew this might happen, so he called me here, probably to watch your great sullen arse…”
"Why you?"
"Why are you so far away from home, Mikheia?"
"Why are you doing this?"
, but don't think that this is all on you. It's on all of us. Got it?"
“Will you call on him?”
John finds Sherlock bent over his hand-drawn map of Moriarty's syndicate, half awake and babbling. A pen has been stabbed through Moriarty's throat. He sets aside the sandwich he'd made for him and lays a hand on his back.
, he’s right here…he can’t…help me, Mycroft, you’ve got to help me. He’s getting heavier, he’s sinking, come on.”
"Well, I just took him up here to meet you." James says, standing. "We'll let you get on with your bath."
He brushes past Mycroft and gives the door a peremptory knock before stepping into Sherlock’s bedroom.
, see, since he’ll never stop learning, but there’s a limit to his knowledge, loathe as he is to admit it. Spaces and spaces of shelf to fill with things like classic literature and politician’s biographies and tedious models of the solar system.
"And if he's not?"
Mikhailovic, Mikheia
Azazel stares at him for a moment, his eyes blazing amid the mused blackness coating his face, and spits at him.
"Stop it, please, I—ha—I'm going to piss my pants!" He wheezes.
"Mikheia."
"Surely you weren't naïve enough to think he came here just for
"Mhmm."
Moran shrugs. “No one’s looking for me, Watson. I have nothing to lose.”
The woman who answers the door when he knocks is nearing her mid-twenties but has the face to make strangers assume she’s younger; thick black hair, large eyes, dark smooth skin; of gypsy decent, or thereabouts. Wanderlust’s blood ran through her veins at the least.
"There is something that's been bothering me." John confesses, and Sherlock can hear his heart quicken. His
The voices grow louder as he steps out into the hall, coming from the parlor. John's voice, standing out among them all.
“To do that, we must be old friends first.”
it. God, could he feel it.
The suspense in the anticipation of another murder nearly flees John's mind entirely, only revived by the constant notifications that it is all that occupies Sherlock's.
He shrugs on his robe and pairs it with shoes that are too fancy and out of place before reaching into the hollowed earphones of the cow skull, hand grabbing at the wad of cash that should be there instead of the emptiness he finds.
"Right." He turned to the room, to Sherlock sitting at the kitchen table, to Mary sitting on the chair beside him putting new bandages on Mikheia, who had just woken up and with heavy eyes and flyaway hair. "We've got to get you out of here. Tonight."
He realised he was hanging by his arms, hands cuffed together, the chain arced over the hook of a raised crane in the middle of the factory floor. His feet barely touched the floor.
and before the sea came in
“Sherlock?”
John frowns, reaching out to swipe a shelf. He draws back his finger, a thick layer of undisturbed dust coating it. His skin begins to crawl, as anyone who is alone in an uninhabited hall that reeks of hasty abandonment is wont to do. He shouldn’t go further. He should go back and ask Quinn, go back and Sherlock and Lestrade out of here.
"It's an 'O'." Holmes mutters. "It's an 'O'… " Quickly, he places the dirty paper into an evidence bag, thrusting it under Greg's nose. "Seal this and label it. It's pertinent to the investigation."
Sherlock sits on an empty crate as he watches Gladstone eat from John's hand. The beast looks mollified, totally domesticated by its conqueror, eating from the same hand that swung a pipe at it not three days ago.
He was surprised, but knew he shouldn't be. She was always close by.
What made him comfortable?
“Or it could be neither. You said there were other people there that night.”
He knew what it would say even before he opened it.
Billy collided with the trunk of a tree, sending a large crack through the air. Sherlock was on him in an instant, catching him before he hit the ground and sending him into another tree. The longer he stayed off his feet, the more damage he took, the less of a threat he’d be. But young vampires were as strong as they were reckless; nothing mattered but the blood, and their tolerance for pain was astronomical. Words were useless as well – there was no reasoning with a creature who had lost the very notion of it.
I can’t help but straighten up out of my misery. If John is feeling good enough to make jokes—
veneer of the world you must live in, but everyone is a liar."
not that. I just—oh fuck me—"
He took the offered wine and followed John through the crowd to the stern, where guests were expected to toast the man of the hour in ceremonial reverence before ceding themselves entirely to bacchanalian depravity. Cadorin, famed though he was, held little interest to him, and he raised his glass, parroted John’s wishes for another year of good health beneath the midnight canopy, and spat the wine out of his mouth over the side of the deck once they were out of sight.
“So…you’ve heard of it.”
Sherlock's would be sterile, dry and scientific and untouched. The perfect control for an experiment; new from the box, never used.
John felt his heart lurch. Impossible.
“Your point?”
“I told him…mostly all.”  Mikheia answers as he pulls his legs to his chest and stares into the fire.
"He wasn't going to kill me—" John offered in a weak rebuttal he knew wasn't entirely true. He just wanted Sherlock to shut up so they could go back to the hotel and not have it out in an alleyway newly christened with bullet holes.
"What do you mean?"
“That’s enough talk from you.” John growls, and, using the beat of surprise, knocks the demon off him, struggling off the counter as he checks his arm. The wound has already become a dull ache, and he can see the glistening pale white and wet pink of muscle knitting itself back together.
He unlocked the door, coming into the cool, airy home, a relief after such a hot and oppressive night. The hunt had been uneventful – everyone in his local haunts had been too up to their ears in hookah, hash, or opium to give him the time of day, much less stand up. And to think he used to be worried about alcohol...
Neither had taken marriage lightly; it meant something different for their kind than it did for humans. The bond laid down by the Covenant tied them by blood and body, ensuring their connection anywhere across the globe. Their powers heightened, and allowed them to communicate not quite telepathically, but empathetically; they could sense generally how the other was feeling, unless it was deliberately kept from them. On the other hand, if the couple wasn’t as well-matched as they had assumed, it was hell on earth. Vampire marriages gone wrong had caused a great number of human casualties, and more than a few cities, lost to fire and mysterious illness. They had wed before the Covenant had put a strict registry quota in place, escaping the almost militant scrutiny of the trial engagement.
"Sherlock, the mechanics of doing whatever you're thinking of in that chair are inhuman, not to mention the dry cleaning—"
"Yes, you said that already." Sherlock says in spite of himself.
Another assignment.
John laughed and Mikheia looked to his left shoulder, where the bandages wrapped around a new scar. His smile faded to a quiet grin.
“Were all the injections intravenous?”
“These people,” The voice says softly, “they went into that room thinking like you do. They thought they were better, stronger, than whatever was behind this door. They thought their predecessors weak. ‘I will show them,’ they thought, ‘I will be better. I will last longer. No one is as strong as I am.’ What then, I ask you now, did they think when they were begging to be let out after ten minutes, or thirty? When they broke no records, and tasted madness?”
The dog licks at his hand.
“You—are you sure?”
“It’s called an ostium.” Harry says, ignoring the barb. “Like a door. If it’s open, you can go through.” She catches his narrowed expression. “Sounds easy, right? Fucking barrel of laughs it is not. You’ve got to be there at the exact right time, and be in the exact right mindset, breathe the exactly fucking right way—it’s a miracle I’m even here, never mind four of us.”
He was happy enough with how things were, sex be damned. If it meant not snapping their tenuous peace, if it meant they might not go forward but they certainly weren’t going backwards, then so be it.
Why, to rub salt in the wound of course. To let the great Sherlock Holmes and his loyal Watson know that he could send them on a wild chase through London after something so utterly worthless and they would do it because they thought themselves cleverer than him.
“Be still, please. I am bad at this enough as it is.”
“Incredible.” The man repeats. “You had a Watcher, a Nephilim, right under your roof, fighting battles for you, slaying the wicked, making
"Not one." Sherlock answers, staring down at another camera feed. "I've narrowed it down to three months where he could have possibly visited and still influenced this man to kill his family. I'm almost through with the video archive and there's still nothing. No sign of Moriarty or Richard Brook or even one of his little insects he employed."
Hot nausea rises in John’s throat, burning and acidic, but he forces it down. He does not want to be stuck in a sack full of sick for God knows how long. This wasn’t even the torture yet. Not really. Already he began to scramble for memories, for something, anything, if it meant he wouldn’t be present for what was about to happen, whatever that may be.
“What made you think that?”
“Gary, Greg, Gertrude…you know who I meant.”
"But doesn't it…hurt? Doesn't it bother you?"
"You could say that. I hear I have you to thank."
“Are they in one realm?”
"John?" A smile comes to his face. "John, I—"
"You should start a club." Lestrade says dryly. "So, you said you knew what was on her hand?"
Only a cat of a different coat,
When the sun sets, London will be waiting for them, the both of them, in the fog and rain.
“Good.” Lestrade nods. “That’s good. I wasn’t cherishing the idea of chucking you out, to be honest. Now get a donut and some coffee or something. Sergeant Donovan is bringing in that biker you tried to chase down for questioning, and you look like hell thawed.”
She continues sorting through Rachel's personal items, passing over binders of neatly organized schoolwork that would never be finished and cheap paperback books that won't be read.
Sherlock says nothing.
"Where were you just now, when he had a gun to your head and I thought he was going to blow your brain and my heart out right in front of me?" Sherlock asked irately then let out a heavy exhale. "You are as essential to me as breathing. I will not live without you. Do you understand?
The man stares at him for a moment and grins.
He fades in.
, John was with him now, John was saving his life.
Blood was life to them; it was the symbol and a vessel, the all-encompassing summation and presence, of life. It nourished their bodies and the negative film around their soul, a reminder and pale imitator of their own late humanity. It was sacred and powerful; spilling their own was tantamount to a death sentence if a trusted supply wasn’t around, and feeding from one of their kind was considered a supreme act of capitulation. It was why their kind were asked to make one another bleed at the bonding ceremony, because it was an act of trust. Some did it to humans they were fond of, others did it for the hedonism, but most did it out of love, because it was something only bonded couples and the passionate tended to do.
"You did." Harry answers, eyes still searching Sherlock's face.
"Do you remember," John asks, tapping the electric kettle. "When I first heard this as it boiled?"
“I’m not sure.” He said, licking his lips in thought. “I suppose it would have been something mundane. Put up your jacket, don’t leave that out, I’m going to bed. Something I tell you all the time.”
And it was all his fault.
“As he should be.” Quinn answers dryly with a sardonic grin. “I do own the whole building. You really should think of getting on his better side." His smile dropped from his face. "Why are you here?”
"Haven't got much of a choice then, have I?" He slurs back and Sherlock hears Lestrade choke on a reflexive laugh.
. But he doesn't, for once listening to his own better judgment. He hesitates, searching for the words that will make John believe him, and he knows that he can't plan the right words any more than he can convince John that the way he feels is real and genuine. If John could die, then there is no world left that Sherlock wants to be in. He
.” John and Mikheia repeat. John has no idea what he’s saying, but with everything Georgiy has agreed to so far, he will toast to whatever he wants. All three tip the drink back and John is hit with a taste not dissimilar to wine that soon mellows out to a rich, smoky, smooth taste.
you, John. I saw him raise his gun and fire and then you went under and I thought the worst. I wanted to make him suffer for hurting you. I wanted to make him feel as badly as I did. Needless to say I only knocked him out."
"Hm?"
“No…”
“Maybe – no – I don’t know. Surely we could offer a better future for life on earth than the way we are continuing now.”
"All right?" Mortimer asks, brow furrowed, and they nod silently. "Okay. Here we go."
"His latest girlfriend? You mean—"
Mary sat beside him where he'd collapsed against the bed.
"Ah, wrong." Sherlock says, almost in reflex.
"Once, when I was a boy, I found myself alone walking through Ulica Zmaja od Bosne; the Alley of Snipers, as you called it. I do not know why I went there and I am not sure I ever will. My father had just died. Maybe I wanted to know why. Later on, I realised there was no reason. He was in the wrong place at the wrong time and he was shot. I was only five, and already I knew well the unfairness of the world. I learned early, and it saved me from any later disappointment-"
"Zdravo." She answered back. "Can I help you?"
, Sherlock, the murderer confessed on the spot so there's nothing for you to investigate." He adds and Sherlock visibly deflates, slumping back into his chair.
"Little miss prom queen and her little twee drug problem."
a punch bowl. Did you not catch the part about
“How are you, sweetheart?” He asked softly.
"Do you know how
“I don’t blame you, you know.” A voice says behind him and he doesn’t need to turn around to know who it is.
“Oh, look at yourself, Sherlock!” Irene cried, gesturing to the length of him. “You’re a ghost sitting in a gown that needs to be washed ten times over and you’re barely listening to me because you know the dens are open soon and you’re trying to decide which ones you think I don’t know about. Well, I know about all of them, and so does John, so your evening’s scarpered. Stop entertaining me with trite answers – I’ll not waste my time by treating you like a child.”
“I don’t.” Sherlock answered, neglecting to mention the bond that was humming between them, a thousand miles apart. He assumed that Moriarty knew it was there, but not having one himself, had no insight on how they truly worked. “You could have him bound and trussed in your wardrobe around the corner and I would be none the wiser.”
and I did nothing. I couldn’t look back or I’d be turned to salt where I stood. I couldn’t look back. I just couldn’t. I wanted nothing else but to turn and let the destruction I’d escaped fill my eyes, the pyre that was the fault of a defective thing like me, but I didn’t, and now I think of little else.
The sudden burst of gunfire nearly made him fall from the saddle. One, two, three shots. Head whipping around, he could hear the echo from over the dune. Gladstone nervously tamped the ground, and John debated his options as he filed through the possibilities. Bandits were rare this close to town. That left a whole other coterie that could be hiding in the hills: train robbers, bootleggers, stickups, cow-rustlers. But they wouldn't be up before sunset, much less firing off anything that told the law of their location.
"Enough—" Lestrade starts, but Moran continues.
What he didn't expect — could never expect — was to see a man hanging by the neck from the branch of a scraggly mesquite. At first glance he thought the man was long dead, but he'd heard the gunshots, was sure it could come from nowhere else. As he slowly ventured closer, the man's head lifted and he raised the gun at his side, pointing straight up at the noose looped around the branch.
"Endorphins." Sherlock said from the bed.
They both valued their freedom; it was something essential to their natures. John hated being cooped up anywhere, unless it was of his own volition, and it wasn’t hard to understand why he was so committed to having the ability to choose. He had chosen to leave, he had chosen to come back. He chose Sherlock, against all possibility.
"Does he know why you fled?"
Sherlock's eyes narrow.
"I saw the Golem's shadow." He said quietly, staring at the wall. "But I didn't realise it was just my own…I thought he was there, with me." He looked up at Sherlock, who was staring at him with a quiet attentiveness. "I saw it before, too, before I even flew to Russia. I saw it in an alleyway after…after…"
"You don't realise how wonderful it is that your heart beats only for you."
“Family’s never been much of a priority for me.”
“Were you going to do it?” Sherlock asked him.
“Tramway…must be a tramway…” He doesn’t realize he’s muttering aloud, lost as it is in the snarls and biting of the battling canines.
“You’re a man, Sherlock, not a Biblical figure, or a pillar of salt. Just in case you hadn’t noticed.”
"Yes, Holmes. H-O-L-M-E-S." Sherlock spells out. "Now may we stop standing around and staring at each other and get to work?"
Sherlock wants to point out the obvious,
There’s a man in the kitchen, older than the woman but not by much, and looking like a bull in the shape of a man. He glances over them with the same callousness as his w—oh,
Sherlock nodded. John rubbed at his face. “I’ll never know if I had done one more thing, maybe I could have spared us all of…this. If there was something I hadn’t thought of that might help save you from yourself. I won’t know, but I think about it all the time, the things I could have done differently.”
“Why didn’t you tell me that?”
He must be growing up. John would be proud.
?" Sherlock asks more insistently.
Sherlock was nowhere in sight.
"Nitko ne treba reći."
“It’s over.”
"Nothing is incredible." Sherlock replied, long fingers idly playing with his glass. "Only observation, and logical conclusions." He knocked the rest back, a red flush cresting the edges of his cheeks. With the bandana out of the way, John could see a little constellation of moles and freckles dotting his throat. A very nice throat, pale except for the faint red mark of the rope.
“It’s a…a way of saying someone owes you a favour. Why? Where’d you hear it?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes as John steps forward.
“Moran only gave me one clue, ‘cruet’, which, to be frank, didn’t make any kind of sense until I thought about it, about him and his methods. He said he wanted to prove a point, that I’d come whenever he called because he has John and that it didn’t have to be about anything important—Christ, Greg, I’d like to make it there
"Best of luck to you, friend." He said, taking another sip from the bottle. "Howard's dead, and you should look to the pigs if you want something to squeal."
The world passes by in smears of colour.
. He survived. He watched you die, and still he lived.”
“There are over 400 men in the duma, in a rapidly crumbling empire that are desperate to gorge themselves still while the country starves. Where do you think?”
He is the one who acts first, toppling the table to the side as he leaps over it, tackling Sherlock and Lestrade to the ground as a giant mass of fur vaults over them, chasing their bolting prey.
"Many people deserve many things, Sherlock, but not you. You don't deserve any of it. You can trust me on that…I've known plenty of people that have."
"Mycroft—" Sherlock's voice cracked. "Get—get away."
“Both of them!”
He bites through the agony of moving as he struggles to his feet on shaking knees. Atramentum spills down his bare sides and the pain already feels far away, aching like it happened hours ago instead of seconds. He feels the sinews and skin seal themselves back over the bone, attaching it back to his body where it belongs.
"As long as there is an empty chair when there shouldn't be, someone will wait for you."
“That’s…that’s delicious.”
"Well there's much to be said about second chances—" Sherlock said before he sent a kick into the nearest shelf, toppling it over with a resounding bang. There was a sudden noise, heavier, as someone tried to scurry out of the way. "Namely that they always appear sooner or later."
“Where’s the party, lads?”
It seemed that John had nothing better to do with his time than chase whatever got in his way.
John.
A fine silence, like settled dust, blanketed the room. Neither John nor Sherlock moved, each unwilling to be the aggressor that disturbed the stillness, each unwilling to break the silence.
, for a man that shot another in cold blood."
Paris was supposed to have helped, but it made everything worse. He had slipped out of his past skin, reviled at the creature he had become, disgusted by what it had cost him, and John, so that he could prove a useless point to an inconsequential enemy. Slowly, bit by bit, he had been bringing John out of the crush he had been under, riddled with guilt and self-hatred at the monster he had turned into, at his lack of control, which he had worked his entire existence on maintaining. Sherlock had suggested a trip, somewhere outside England or Switzerland, where John wouldn’t be burdened by so many reminders. He’d chosen – foolishly, as it turned out – to go to Paris, where they had enjoyed themselves until Harry came along at the worst time possible, as was her norm.
John says nothing.
"Pleasure. Sherlock Holmes, Special Investigator."
“You’re shoeless in near-freezing weather and you show signs of being attacked.
It stars you
She talks about growing up as a child in Sussex, about her uncle teaching her to paint and how her older brother joining the Yard after his military service ended prompted her to as well. She tells him about India and China, about working as a student in the slums of Mumbai, raising children while their mothers were out begging, teaching them some semblance of English so they'd have a better chance of getting actual jobs that didn't involve digging through trash or carrying buckets of human waste.
Fatty tissue, pale shining muscle stretched rubbery and taut, but other than that, there's nothing.
He held his hand out through the swirling dust.
John headed towards the washroom, acutely aware that he had been watched from the moment he had arrived and sat down. If he was going to be confronted – as he’d expected he would be – it was going to be on his terms.
John sucked in a breath as Sherlock gently nuzzled it.
Finally, he is alone.
"You enlisted late," he began finally, "because your mother needed a hand with the farm, and cornfield etiquette means you're nothing if not a people-pleaser. But the amateur horsemanship gave you enough leverage to be assigned to the cavalry. Everything was going well enough until you were shot on a scouting expedition, am I correct?"
John could only listen as the footsteps faded away, impotent rage and helplessness washing through him, buffering him into blackness, the hollow call of silence, the nothing that lay behind the veil…
People blur past them in whirls of colour and fleeting images, and for a moment Mortimer glances out and sees the man once more, waving at them. In the next moment, however, he is nowhere to be seen.
. This is it. We've reached the peak of craziness on Mount You're Bloody Fucking Bonkers."
"You're feeling underappreciated. Of course you're useful to me, John, you've always been useful and I appreciate you."
“Then, might I suggest, that perhaps words aren’t what we need right now.”
Finding the hideout had been easy enough with Mycroft's help. Moran's group had left Sherlock's phone in his pocket or on their person, and tracking it had been child's play for the elder Holmes' network. Especially when his baby brother's life was at stake.
"Experience, yes. Although it was mild, I assume it gets worse as the abuse continues. A direct correlation."
"Ours is a simple solution. We forgive each other for wrongdoing and we move on. I want that. I want it very much. But—but I don't know how to start. I want to know what you want me to
tell anyone what had truly happened. All they needed to know was that there was a body and John Watson had put it there.
“Why? What is it?”
"I can still taste you, what you're feeling, even after my…well, whatever happened to me." He murmurs into the soft curly down. "It's like…mint, clear air, snow…bliss. Pureness. You feel happy."
The man's glance darted to John, who'd stepped closer to peer down at the wound.
“It was admittedly very late in the day that I arrived. News of my death had already been broadcast by the time I landed, so…it is feasible that whoever saw me had already formed a conspiracy theory of their own.”
"Maybe one day." John said, trying to put on a polite smile. "Mikehia, I'm sorry."
“I’m hearing you correctly then: you are meeting with the creature that tried on multiple occasions – and nearly succeeded, mind – to kill you. Is that right?”
Mycroft seems unperturbed by his unending silence. The jealous child that Sherlock keeps locked away inside him wishes, spitefully, to—just once—see a look of concern on his brother’s face. But he is left to pout.
Sherlock continues reading.
Sherlock felt a genuine smile appear on his face.
"John—" Sherlock interrupts, his voice quite and hoarse as he looks up, but John keeps going, needing to explain to this man before him just what had happened to him. He needed him to know and wanted him to understand.
“Ah, ah, ah.” The voice tsks. “None of that, sir. Restart the programme.”
"How many lawmen in Texas, John?" Sherlock asked, the sudden turn in conversation throwing him for a loop.
"Hmm. Not to worry." He smiles. "There are other ways."
"As there was Jim Moriarty," Sherlock said quietly, "so there too were his helpers. Moran…and Morstan."
"A diary?" She asks, turning to Rachel's father, sitting on the bed clutching at one of his daughter's pillows.
Moran's expression darkens.
"Yes," Sherlock answers, brow furrowing. "Why would you want to?"
“That is a question without a simple answer.”
Sherlock did not react; he moved his rook to the other end of the board. “You know I would feel John’s loss keenly, should I lose him. He’s my mate. Naturally, I would be attached to him.”
She smiled, huffing a faint laugh as if remembering some joke she heard long ago. “What do they always promise—power, money, love. Secret knowledge. The promise, at this point, is rather irrelevant."
And he tells him to run.
“Yeah, when you’re not bursting into spontaneous combustion from the heat I bet the scenery’s quite lovely.” Harry snickered.
"Um…good evening?"
“I’m sorry, John.” He gasps, taking in a ragged breath. “I’m so sorry.”
John looks at him a moment and grins.
Sherlock lurches forward, just managing to catch it before it hits the ground, the echo of the shattering that hadn’t occurred blooming in the passing seconds. He lets the frenzied fear dissipate before he straightens, fury lined in his face.
“And what might this one be?”
"Wait, alchemy?" John asks, looking up from the paper. "That pseudo-science stuff from Harry Potter?"
He turned to him and smiled, showing off his teeth.
From the corner of his eye he saw a smile as it ghosted over John's face as he stood and began to make coffee since there wasn't tea to be had (he quietly claimed to have already looked high and low and Sherlock trusted him since if anyone was a bloodhound about tea it was John). The pot was already half-full, but he dumped it out and began again.
"I'm not joking, John. They won't be looking for you in Bruges."
"It's smart, endangered, and it knows how to swim. Eat your sandwich."
"Unimportant." Sherlock says, standing up. "There was no residue under her nails; she didn't write this. Neither did Ronette. Do use your head."
Lestrade shakes his head.
“I’ve been thinking…” John says, breaking a silence of ten minutes and thirty-three seconds as he sets down his pen where he’s been writing in his notebook.
“I’ve been told by a very reliable source that I have the soul of a poet.”
Man, yelling (read: hurting, in the only way he knows how to hurt). Man stares at angry partner, silent (read: apologetic and quite inexperienced at it).
.” He punctuates each word with a further invasion of Mycroft’s space until by the last one their noses are nearly touching.
“Sherlock, you should sit down.” Mycroft says with care, which means he’s trying to baby him, which means something Not Good has happened.
John fell over the threshold, half-conscious and fading, his face nearly indiscernible under all the blood.
"Sherlock?" John calls as he wanders the halls. "Sherlock, are you here?"
"Lestrade," a deep voice says behind them, "I have a few questions concerning the lodging in town. Is there any place with acceptable internet access and some notion of cleanliness?"
Her earrings are still on, little studs of pink diamonds. John can barely bring himself to look at her face, instead opting for one more brief moment of ignorance before he can turn his eyes to her.
to call you that. You have wings, yes, but that's no guarantee that you are what you appear to be. And furthermore since I don't believe in angels—or in any religion—there's no way that you can be what I think you are. You could be an experiment in genetics—and I wouldn't put that one past the government to try—but you seem to know a lot about me that I haven't told you, so you're either very good at guessing…" Sherlock stares at him. "Or something else entirely."
"Anybody string you up? Something I should report?"
It wasn't often that their employees called them since it was usually the other way around, and they even less frequently called angry.
"Well…they weren't you, for starters. Actually…that's about it. They weren't you. That's all I needed to know, really." John looked over at him. "Did you know that you look like a bloody barbet with wet hair?"
The chair creaks as the man sits back down. “However, Captain, we have some other pressing matters to deal with for the moment. Are you capable of speaking?”
“You felt loyalty to him, outside of his money? For his personal qualities and ideology?”
“And you have the right to control it?” Sherlock snaps.
“Yeah, you might want to get your ears checked.”
Things could shift in increments. During the time they were apart, he would fall slowly down the spiral, inch by inch he would slip. It would begin the same, full of potential and possibility, rapidly dwindling into frustrated dead ends, hair-pulling boredom, total apathy. The color leeched from the world. Everything became tasteless.
Irene smiled, placing a hand on the creature's shoulder as it took a step backwards towards her.
“How so?”
“I’m rather surprised she didn’t make an appearance.” His mate said, almost to himself.
, almost—
Smiles. Flares of light that hurt his eyes. Tar seeps through Not-John's skin, but it doesn't spill over his face, it just…
“Is that not why we are here tonight?” The Grand Duke said, seeming rather bored. “To determine that very thing?”
"Honestly, at this point, I wouldn't be surprised if you were an extra-terrestrial."
"What is it used for now?"
Mikheia stared back at him.
"We're idiots!" He said between peals of laughter. "We're two idiots who got nothing better to do than watch a dead man piss himself."
"Thank you."
Azazel’s face furrows, and when he speaks, his voice is raw and John knows he’s speaking with more honesty than he’d ever had before.
That which is willed; and ask no further question.
John scoffs, thumbing at his program. The bruise on his collarbone is receding and his lip is healing nicely, though he’s missing the top button of his shirt and his jacket is creased.
“Me doing something
His husband balked. “That was fifty years ago.”
“It was…the most recent recording we had.”
He must seem like a crazed criminal on the run from something with the way the cabbie's looking at him. Hell, he's taking deep breaths to calm himself and he's carrying an indiscreet bag that jangles with every movement, he may as well have been running from the police for all this man knows.
The room is empty. Dust is starting to gather on the furniture.
He pushed past the last coagulation of people and caught the flash of grey as it disappeared down a sidestreet.
“We are.”
"Without a doubt."
“You didn’t come here upon your arrival.” He begins. “Your shirt is too starched, a sign of cheap detergent. You had to wash it, and hotel detergent was the only available option because you didn’t expect to be here long enough to bring a change of clothes. You went somewhere else. You went to see someone and they ruined your shirt, or you ruined it while visiting them. Gluttonous as you are, I can’t see you cramming scones and tea in that maw so sloppily that you’d spill. You can’t move that fast anyways. So,” He sniffs, “someone ruined your shirt and assuming it wasn’t a clumsy waiter because you didn’t have time to eat anywhere much to your chagrin, it wasn’t food—”
"If you can get up and move without nausea or vertigo, hopefully by tonight."
"Let us go on, for the long way impels us.
The hound roars. Their hound growls back. Sherlock fists a hand in his scruff.
, I will end him. I will
“No, he’s still passed out. Suggestions?”
Sherlock helped him haul the ruined vest off and as soon as he flung it away he knelt closer to John's shoulder, examining the thick abrasion on the curve of his clavicle.
It's become the crux of me,
“Wait, he’s
“She tried to drink Billy, and she turned him.”
"Did you feel it? Earlier?"
Sherlock hears voices as he awakens. His eyes open slowly to a dark room. Distantly, he wonders why it’s his but he doesn’t know why. John must have tucked him in. Why does his head hurt? It aches with a dull pulse, like the whole of his skull is a tender bruise being prodded. He tosses the covers back and swings his feet over the side of the bed before standing on unsteady legs as he heads towards the voices. Neither of them sounds like John. Odd. He must be watching and not have anything to say. He does that.
In the closest suite they could find, a fire has been lit in the fireplace, sparkling over the room in a muted glow. Papers lie over the floor, scattered over books and an open laptop.
"Now? Now, I'll still get the information from him."
“What fall?”
“I’m right here, you fucking toff bastard.”
"Rest assured, John, we've got someone else on our dance card tonight. And hold on to that, won't you?" He said, tossing his gun into John's lap.
that?" Sherlock yells from the kitchen and John shuts his eyes.
He can feel the heat from where he stands. The windows have been shattered, black smoke billowing from the pattern their destruction creates, a bright, all-consuming fire that belches out from the smashed glass. Later, he’ll admire the craftsmanship of it all, the sheer intricacy and effort it took. Later. He will later.
boyfriend.”
The man hesitated for a moment, then took it, pulling himself up. He was a little taller than he looked on the ground, and as he stared down at John he pulled the bandana away from his face. He smiled, his grip strong and calloused.
“O Negative.”
The darkened flat is silent, rain tapping against the windows in the cold grey light.
. He wants to know more of John, he wants there to be more and there is some left, but it's not going to last long. Not at the rate he's consuming it. He feels like he did when he was staring into that box Mary gave him, when he wanted there to be more gifts from John and yet there was nothing else.
“Wazzit?” He mumbled, tucked against Sherlock’s chest as his long fingers played with his hair.
"Unfair that I had supposedly left you without saying goodbye?"
It had started, like many things, because Sherlock was bored.
"The Guardian Angel", Rainer Marie Rilke
"No."
“What if I never get better?” He asked quietly, and John knew even without their bond that they had been asking themselves the same question since winter had settled in Norway, since Sherlock had been lost to the flood of depression and apathy, and when he answered after a moment, he told him the truth.
"And if you can't?"
Sherlock eyes the still healing scar across the velvety fur of John’s right coracoid, just above where it juts from his shoulder blade. A few more days—perhaps even hours—and it will be as if John didn’t almost die fighting for him.
“Not if you keep that habit up.”
“Not where you think I was.”
"Ah, yes. 'The Holmes Brothers: helping the helpless, but only if it's convenient.'" Sherlock repeated, taking another drag. "I actually thought that one was quite accurate."
“It’s not going to eat them, John. Slugs may be generalists but they don’t eat poison.” He straightened up, taking in the quiet forest, the damp foliage and towering trees swallowing the sound. “Did you know their color changes with their diet?”
“No, but…well, meaning’s right on the tin, isn’t it? No echoes, I’m guessing?”
"No you haven't. You're still upset with me."
“I can’t protect you then. Wherever you go here, on this earth, I’m going to follow you. I can’t do that if you kill yourself, if you sacrifice your soul for an eternity of darkness.”
John didn't much care for picking off good political leaders (that was the only time he associated 'good' with 'politics'), but other than that, no, he had no qualms.
It burned. The water boiled underneath him as he laid down, his skin bubbling and pink and raw as it burned away like flame eating at paper. His bones blackened as the heat licked away at him, his muscle and tendons and lean fat melting away. His mind screamed at him, his nerves prickling in self-preservation, screaming at him
John stares at him incredulously. “Sherlock…you saw him blow his brains out in front of you. No one survives that. He’s
“I didn’t know you liked the taste of game.”
Sebastian Moran, his towering shadow staining the rubble he created, stands alone in the sun.
"Good. Now come on then. Game's not over yet."
"We have the same desire to be loved, even if we'd like to be hated instead. Our hunger is gone, but we remember what it felt like, and fill it with other things." She stared at the couple, and he could see a faint watery line appear at the rim of her eyes. "I want Kate back. I'd have done anything if it meant she was here. Love is a mortal defect, and yet it stays with us all the same. I wasn't ready to say goodbye. I still don't know how."
"You did this! You hurt him!"
Will is here.
Recognising that he no longer holds any of Sherlock's attention, John pulls a worn paperback Mrs Hudson gave him and opens it. He suspects she knows about him, who he really is, because a woman that kind surely believes in some higher power or at least is owed wings of her own, but she hasn't let on. She had smiled at him sweetly as she handed him a box of her husband's old reading material and said that, since he certainly wouldn't be needing it, John could have them to turn to when Sherlock got to be too much. John was overcome by the desire to clasp her hands in his and promise her that she would be rewarded one day, but he had neither the authority nor the conviction. Sheol fostered no idea of Paradise, but if there was one, she belonged there.
“If you’re quite finished—”
A silence billows between them.
, hurt like he does. He wants Moran to feel the immolation of his anger, to burn and roast in it.
Heartbreak.
John huffs a laugh with no source but the fact that he’s alive and following his friend, and runs faster.
“Sherlock,” John says wearily. “I don’t think this is something you can control. You’re dealing with something much greater and much more powerful than yourself.”
"Don't be willfully stupid. We know you're smarter than that. There's us, there's them, and there's the dead. This is none of those things. Who do you think that is there?" She said, nodding to the fool. "You think he was born with those eyes? You think he's like you? Or me? Or any of those ignorant little infantile creatures plying each other with wine above us?"
