“That’s what the media called it.” Tony sighs. “It’s stupid, if you ask me. Wasn’t so much of a civil war than a personal little dispute between Cap and me.”
He gets interrupted by the fireworks that at once go off all around them in the city. Tony grins.
Steve bites his lip and stares at the floor. Dodger licks his hand and whines again, this time merely reacting to Steve’s distress.
Still, Steve found it hard to relax on the ride back. He could smell Tony thicker now, in the small room of the car, and he’d spent the entire evening yearning to pull him closer and scent him. And judging from the looks Tony was giving him, he was having similar thoughts.
“He’s all I have,” Tony whispers instead of saying any of the chaos that’s wreaking havoc in his mind.
Steve looks up, and sees Bucky standing in the hallway, looking at him in concern.
Meanwhile, the world has fallen into chaos that nobody’s ever seen before. The death toll precedes half of the population.
Steve swallows and nods. “I couldn’t even really talk to you before ...”
Chills wrack Steve’s body, because that’s the forest, that’s where Tony is, and just as the explosion has settled, Thor dives in from seemingly out of nowhere and disappears in the smoke.
It’s a memorial of a life long gone.
Deep down, he wishes Steve had stayed, but he knows he doesn’t have anyone else to blame but himself. (Which is probably his life’s motto at this point.)
He shudders involuntarily. There’s no real threat in the kid’s eyes, but there’s heartbreak and anger and love for someone who’s slipping away from him.
Only then did Steve realise that Tony was right. He really
(And it’s selfish, really, that he went and followed Tony to Washington anyway.)
He survived seven decades in the ice, found the love of his life, and they both lived long enough to make the decision of retiring.
Steve smiled at him. “Let’s go get some.”
Steve is afraid of hurting him again, and Tony still feels the shield break the arc reactor in his suit.
Tony, as usual, wasn't fazed. “As a matter of fact, I think I do so better than you, considering you have yet to say anything useful.’’
Steve blinked. The elevator doors had just opened on Tony’s floor and had to admit that yes, he had planned to leave it at that.
It brings his thoughts back to the question what sort of anniversary he missed.
“That doesn't mean they have to
They were all stood a few feet away from Steve, who’d been in the middle of the explosion when HYDRA’s laboratory caught fire in the midst of their fighting. By the way some of their opponents had smirked when the ominous red dust surrounded their teammate, that was exactly how they’d planned to infect Steve with the serum.
Strange, who’s followed Thor’s step effortlessly, is running diagnostics as they go.
Peter knows what he’d say to Tony, Steve thinks dully, and hates the fact that there’s so much they still haven’t told each other that he can’t even pick one.
His split-second decision to run away to Malibu.
Steve swallows but doesn’t respond. Since Leipzig, he hasn’t been confronted with Rhodey’s disability like this, and even though it wasn’t him who shot him from the sky, he can’t help but wish it undone.
There’s lots of obvious answers.
Tony raises his eyebrows at him. “That doesn’t mean you’re forgiven.”
“Tony, is Pepper...?”
Peter looks up from where he’s gathering snow. “Yeah. Dad’s parents died in an accident.”
Right, so last night happened.
He knows, and he hates it.
Well; it wasn’t like there was any use denying it, but Tony’s mouth was faster than him once more. “It’s cold.”
“If you change your mind,” Steve says tiredly. “You know where to find me.”
Peter didn’t even get the quick death like everyone else. Stupid kid with his stupid powers had tried... he had tried to hold on for as long as he could.
He brings Peter to the Avenger’s quarters and leaves him in one of the spare rooms.
“We’re trying,” is what he tells her instead of saying a few other sentences that lie on his tongue. “We have to be a united front, in case anything happens.”
Tony turns to stare at his triangular nanotechnology-holder.
“He’s in the living room. Don’t fuck up even worse.”
When the device beeps and the screen lights up with a
Steve watches him intensely, seems to search for something, then relaxes.
Bruce ignores his remark. “It’s almost been two days, Tony.”
Fury raised his eyebrows. “Do you want to come here every day for training? ‘Cause that’s what this is gonna be like if you insist on being difficult.“
“It’s okay,” Steve said. “You pick, I don’t mind.”
FRIDAY opens the door for him, which is the first surprise of the day. Steve always knew Tony’s creations to be protective of him, and he doesn’t even have to argue with the AI.
“Did you and Papa fight again?”
And suddenly, Tony can.
“You’re beautiful,” Steve tells him.
Steve swallows. “I know.”
him, you -“
“I don’t think that’s reasonable,” Bruce said carefully.
Every muscle in his body seems to lock in its place.
Tony feels his eyes water. “I don’t... I can’t do this alone. I just -”
Steve knew that. He also knew that now more than ever, it wasn't his duty to protect Tony.
Tony took the chair opposite Steve and tried to get a look at the letters Steve was looking at. “Hey man.”
He shakes his head. “It’s okay. We have bigger things to worry about.”
“I told you, I’m almost done.” Tony’s words are short and clipped.
Some of these days, Steve hates the serum. It’s pulsing through his veins and makes twenty years feel like five to his body, while Tony’s blood has turned against him.
“You’re serious,” he eventually said. “Aren’t you?”
It’s Peter’s expression, his heartbreakingly hopeful expression when Tony tells him he’s talked to Steve. And the worst thing is, Tony can’t even blame him for hoping. He’s just a kid, for christ’s sake, he deserves normal parents. Or at least non-divorced ones.
Steve rips one of them away from her with his hands and sends in a punch with his sword. The others catch up and turn towards him; Natasha takes advantage of their backs being turned to get and beheads two of them. Steve quickly finishes the last one.
“Tony,” Steve cut him off softly. “It’s okay.”
think about that, or he kid sitting next to him, and tries to commit Tony Stark’s face to memory.
Steve stared at him. “What’s a Grinch?”
“I’ve never been to one of these,” Steve said quietly.
In Tony’s dreams, Peter begs.
The Colonel raises his eyebrows and waits.
“But I know I’m not alone this time.”
Sometimes it feels like the walls are closing in on Steve.
Before what happened happened. Before Tony laid down his life so the universe would live.
Tony tugged the blankets around him tighter and stared into the fire in front of him.
Before Tony can even open his mouth, Peter turns around and Tony freezes at the tired look in his eyes.
And they found this. Steve couldn’t have imagined a better place to spend the rest of his life.
He blinks and makes himself focus on Tony. “Yeah?”
, and then-
“I don’t even know how to take care of it,” Tony mumbles against Steve’s hand.
Steve’s never cursed his struggle to understand modern technology more. The doctors don’t take much time to explain things to him, and all Steve’s able to grasp is that there’s brain damage.
A few seconds later, he feels the tentative touch of Tony’s fingers on his shoulder.
Tony laughs. That horrible, self-deprecating laugh he’s learned to hate. “Oh Cap, I’ve never been better.”
More so because Steve’s loving but shy smiles still make his knees weak than actual surprise, but it does make him wonder.
Steve was, quite honestly, a little concerned about Tony’s health but a date wasn’t the time and place to discuss that. “Of course not. Get whatever you want.”
Steve hesitated, but the promise of warmth eventually won over whatever war was going on in his head, and he nodded.
“Please.” Tony didn’t even know what he was pleading for, but he didn’t want it to end here, that much he was sure.
Instead, Bruce just looks at him, and he’s not judging. “Are you okay?”
He made a conscious effort to relax and Tony sighed.
“Steve and I need some time apart,” Tony answers, and knows his son isn’t buying his bullshit excuse for something that runs much, much deeper, but it’s all he can give Peter right now.
There was a time when Steve would go after Peter if Tony fucked up and vice versa.
The team was still a team. Bucky had found his death fighting Redskull. Steve still had a place to call home. Him and Tony were still lovers.
Tony laughed, “Touché.”
Peter can’t finish his words again, and there’s tears pooling in his eyes.
Tony grinned. “Well, we’ve come a long way since the Great Depression.”
Bruce frowned at him. “Tony, trees are naturally that big.”
and gave in to the easy comfort Steve’s arm around his shoulders provided and snuggled a little closer to him.
“Hey.” Tony held up a hand. “It’s okay. I shouldn’t have done that without warning you.”
So he kisses him, and Steve tastes of salt.
“Come up here.”
“Good,” she says. “We need you for a strategy meeting.”
“Just follow me!” Steve said, and that was all warning Tony got, then Steve sat down on his piece of cardboard and started to race down the slope.
Tony blinked. Normally, he only saw that kind of determined step in Steve during a battle, what was -
The thing is, Tony’s right. The other thing is, Steve knows the alcohol lowers his inhibitions and lets him self-destruct.
His feet carry him to the workshop almost on autopilot.
“We shouldn’t be doing this.”
God, Tony
As if Tony gets even more unreachable during that time.
(And he’s not even sure what exactly it is; his anger is layered with sadness and vice versa.)
Steve flushed. He didn't try to deny it. It wasn't like there was much to deny, anyway.
Steve just shook his head and held out one of the cardboards.
He refuses to let it.
Then he leaves, and Steve knows he doesn’t really know Tony anymore.
He wants to reach out to Tony know, like he should’ve done all those years ago, but he knows his fingers will pass right through Tony’s skin like air.
Peter gives him a small smile. “Yeah.”
When they were out in the field, Steve experienced a terrifying kind of worry. He knew that every mission, every one of his orders could mean serious harm to Tony. But he couldn't let that influence any of his decisions. He had to send Tony to scout HYDRA facilities from above even if he could easily be shot at, he had to send him down to their labs even though Tony could easily be walking into a trap. And on the rare occasions where he did have the choice and tried to keep Tony out of harm’s way, the Omega did not react kindly to that.
The anxiety attacks leave Tony even more tired than he already felt before.
A smile spreads on Tony’s face, almost on its own accord. He tries to leave his chair, but his shaking knees give out on him, and he falls right into Steve’s arms, whispering his
He doesn’t look into mirrors much anymore. He doesn’t want to see the young man staring back at him; a man who’s barely gotten a scratch from the years that went by, while his husband got that and so much more.
“You’re super strong, did I ever tell you that?” Steve said, grinning widely while Thor was carrying him up the hatch.
Finally,
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve saw Clint pause the movie.
Tony smiles at him, and it’s as sad as it is loving.
He ignores the mess on the floor and walks over to the dresser. Tony mostly keeps all types of pain relievers down here, but Steve knows that’s not all there is.
“Did you sleep?” Steve asks, because he knows him too well.
When the bottle Dummy gave him is empty, it takes him a while five seconds to remember why.
Tony doesn't respond. There’s not even a spike in his heartbeat.
been, Steve realises.
Bruce approaches him as though Tony’s a frightened animal he doesn’t want to spook.
And once that’s empty too, Tony’s too out of it to care.
“Peter?”
“Tony.”
And that’s the one thing that Tony can’t give him, so he talks right over that hopeful glint in his son’s eyes, and tells him they’ve figured out a schedule to share him.
Tony sighs, cursing his son who’s too smart for his own good. “It was just a disagreement, kid. We didn’t fight.”
Dead silence.
When the weather is decent, the first rays of sun fall into their bedroom every morning and paint the room in a beautiful, warm light.
He rolled his hips and felt the hard outline of Steve’s cock against his thigh.
Well, fuck that.
His crush on Tony wasn’t obvious to Steve at first; it wormed his way into his life, and by the time he caught up to what was happening, it was already too late.
“I will. You two hang in there, okay?”
Steve couldn't help but smile with Tony looking at him like that. “Yeah?’’
“Oh really? You think you know what you’re talking about?’’
Steve complies, with his shoulders hunched, like he’s trying to make himself appear smaller.
, Tony muses. He can feel Steve’s body heat beneath the blankets, and their shoulders are pressing against each other.
“I really do trust you, you know. You’re super important to us,” He proclaimed when he watched Natasha steer the Quinjet into the sky.
Steve being the second person he wants to get away from.
“Can you try to sleep? I’ll tell you if anything happens with Tony, I promise.”
What’s important is that a hundred people have said
“Of course it matters,” Steve says sharply.
Maybe he shouldn't have left Steve by himself. They’d broken up, sure, but they were still friends, and it wasn't Steve’s fault Tony couldn't handle being close to him. The guy was probably being cornered by at least a dozen guests right now. Shit.
Then, Natasha cleared her throat. “He cried for you,” she said. “For weeks.”
(Fuck that voice. It’s annoying anyway.)
“Is everything okay?” Steve asked tentatively.
She shakes her head. “You need to lie down. Come with me.”
The dog tags, nestled inside a small wooden box, on a note saying
He stands up, and the Colonel steps aside to let him pass.
Tony stared at him.
Tony is getting
Around him, low murmuring was already spreading between the diplomats.
Steve doesn’t smile. “I tried, for a while. Dating Sharon, I mean. Never worked out.”
When he walked into their communal kitchen a few days later, he was holding on so tightly to his resolve of not backing out that he must’ve looked as though he was preparing to march into battle.
There’s a thin layer of sweat on Tony’s face and his eyes are closed, which at least means he can’t see the tear tracks on Steve’s cheeks.
“You’re beautiful,” Tony told him, because it was true.
“Where’s Papa,” Peter repeats. “He’s always here when I’m sick.”
Steve starts laughing.
But he can’t, and as of now, the present is too devastating to dwell in the past.
It’s a part of all their memories together.
Steve hadn’t expected him to be.
Tony addresses FRIDAY with some colorfully worded commands, but with the suit compromised as it is, he doesn’t have the power to break free.
“I don’t know,” Tony rasps, and that’s when Steve knows that this is bad.
That’s when he notices he’s still naked.
Tony frowned and returned to the ballroom, making a beeline for the bar. (Maybe he could spot Steve from here… Just to make sure he hadn't been dragged to dance…)
“That’s not the problem,” Natasha answered grimly. “But he shouldn’t be on a potential battle ground with his... condition.”
(About half an hour after that, FRIDAY makes good on her promise and opens the workshop.)
Tony’d had a few rude awakenings in his lifetime, but he immediately decided to put this one among the worst.
“This okay?” Tony whispered into Steve’s collarbone, fingers toying with the hem of his pants.
Steve watched Tony shout at Thor and Hulk to stop wrestling each other. This was his family. The people that made the future feel like home. And Tony was more than just an integral part of that.
Steve lowers his eyes.
“You should ask him out,” Natasha said.
They don’t talk about it.
“The doctors can’t help you.”
He has to be quick.
“Hey!” Clint yelled. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Really? Why?”
“Tony, you’re like hot chocolate.”
(All useless. Because Peter is
Steve takes the hint for what it is and starts petting him.
“I wasn't
Natasha sighs. “We have bigger problems than him. We can deal with that when we’ve dealt with Thanos.”
The temperature had already dropped below 50 degrees. Tony could feel the cold where his head and shoulders were sticking out of the blanket. And if he could feel it, he could only imagine how bad it was for Steve, who’d been frozen in the Arctic ice for seventy years.
Then, all around him, aliens as well as warriors appear out of nowhere, most of them still confused.
But Tony’s not his, not anymore. Steve made that choice himself when he left his ring and his family behind. He’d still been so full of anger and frustration when he’d written the letter. Tony had tried to kill his best friend, the man that had had his back during his youth and the war. He’d refused to listen and put the government before Steve and the team. He didn’t imagine them ever coming back from that. (He didn’t even want to think about the possibility of Tony forgiving him; it seemed as far away as another dimension.)
“Tony, please.” And Steve, the asshole, actually sounds exhausted. “Let’s not do this.”
“Thank you,” Steve answers, and she nods at him with a small smile.
“But, uh, if it’s too much for you, we can also just wait until the sun’s gone down and use it to stargaze.”
He should probably listen to her, he knows that. But the prospect of Tony… not being there for him anymore is too foreign, too
“What happened?” Bruce sounds unbelieving. As if Tony’s story is completely ridiculous.
It made Steve’s lie feel even more rotten.
Steve feels a telltale pressure behind his eyes and fights it down. Tony being here is dragging up all sorts of feelings he’d long buried. (And yet, he yearns for every moments he gets to have with him.)
Tony responds with pained groans and whimpers, and Steve holds him even tighter to his chest.
“He’s Spider-Man.”
When they kiss for the first time, it’s just after the battle of New York. They’re on the Tricarrier, still roughed up from the fight, and apparently Steve’s shaken enough to forget that Tony’s not someone he’s supposed to like.
(He’s afraid. Of making it even worse.)
Tony sighs as he sits down. “Me too.”
The doctors are saying Tony’s brain shut down because of the lack of oxygen. They’re also saying his heart won’t keep him alive for much longer.
“You with me?” Steve asks gently.
He doesn’t need to ask what Peter means. He also can’t tell him that Tony knew that it wasn’t his fault.
Tony shrugs. “Kiddo needed you, so, it’s fine.”
“Steve?’’ Tony waved his hand in front of his face. “You okay?’’
Steve seemed to think about it, and Tony tried to pretend he didn’t want Steve to say yes as badly as he did.
(At that point, he was still dead set on making Tony go to sleep, then go do that himself,
into his shoulder.
But she also doesn’t need to know about every last aspect of his relationship with Tony, and hence, he doesn’t elaborate.
Unfortunately, Clint picked that day to finally decorate the communal floor of the tower, and he did so with Thor’s help. (Tony didn’t even want to think about how he’d managed to get the god to help
Tony gently puts a finger on his lips to silence him. “Listen to me.”
that.
Steve still spends most of his time in Tony’s room. He tells him stories, mostly old ones from his childhood, but sometimes, DUM-E knocks over a can of oil or Bruce burns their dinner, and Steve tells him that too.
“And I- Wait, you want that? Really?”
Hammer barely managed to mask a scowl, the thin, wide smile still plastered on his face.
It was said so quietly Tony almost missed it. He frowned, looked at Steve’s guarded face. “For what?”
Abruptly, Colonel Rhodes stands up to turn the TV off.
Tony huffs. “I love you too.”
“Tony?”
Hesitating for just a moment, Steve stepped closer to the telescope.
“It’s fine,” Peter interrupts him, with a voice that says it’s very much not.
He must’ve passed out sometime after six in his workshop. His head hurts and his back shoots arrows of pain through his spine when he tries to move.
It shouldn’t bother Steve, especially because he spent two years without even so much as a word to Tony. But it kind of does anyway, and he can’t help it.
And that was Tony’s first clue that Steve liked Christmas about as much as he did.
He keeps his arm around Peter shoulders as he steers them away from the building, towards the trees on the outskirts of their property. Just enough of a walk to put space between them and the building, but not enough that it would feel like they were leaving Tony.
Bucky looks past him into the room and frowns. “Wait, who’s that?”
Peter is blearily blinking up at him, and Tony’s not sure his son’s recognizing him until he speaks.
Tony blinked. In his staring he had, of course, already forgotten what Steve had said. “Huh?”
(He feels so tired, of always fighting a fight that already seems to be lost.)
He almost feels sorry for him, for them both, because this is most likely the last night they’re ever going to get.
“Can’t sleep either?”
He doesn’t feel rested. In fact, he feels even worse than before.
When he does, he pushes Tony away, but he does it as gently as he can.
“I want my family back.”
That worked about as long as none of the other Alphas decided to challenge Tony.
Steve agreed, if only because he knew Tony wouldn't accept any other answer.
When Natasha comes to ask him about the job, she takes one look at his face and says “We leave in thirty minutes.”
Before the Accords, Tony had managed to quit for over three years. Steve knows that all fell away after Siberia, but he’d hoped...
“Thank you Tony,” Steve told him earnestly. “Show me?”
that she’s had the same thought.
It hurts. But having Tony in his arms feels so good.
“What’s wrong?”
He wants to scream.
He’s trying to get into a healthier routine, because he knows Tony wouldn’t have wanted him to fall apart like this.
It all happens quickly.
He sees Peter’s eyes in front of him, huge and terrified, and finally feels calm at the memory, because he’s about to make everything right again.
“I made something for you,” was all he said before dragging Steve into the elevator. They went up to the highest floor and took the stairs to the roof of the tower, which they’d long ago equipped with a minibar and lounge chairs. Tony led him closer to the edge, where an easel with a canvas was standing next to what looked like a huge camera lens.
He worked quickly. He had a very good memory, and so he chose to only put down shapes and colours. The details he could add later.
(Steve told him, once, how lost he’d felt in his new century. How Tony had given him a place to belong to.)
Steve frowns. “Of course.”
“Press the button,” he said, slightly out of breath, pointing at a black button on the front.
His meeting with Ross is scheduled for the afternoon, and they arrive midday, giving them some time to settle back into the compound.
The corpses of whatever creatures attacked them are still laying scattered across the fields.
They must make a ridiculous picture, Tony thinks upon entering the conference room.
Tony sighed. He didn't have to listen to her probing questions to know why she was calling. “Put her through.”
, Steve!” Agitated, Tony sat up.
Tony shook his head, and soon Steve was zapping the channels until he found a documentary on the history of European art and settled for that.
“We’re talking about this tomorrow,” Steve said, after a few moments of heavy silence. “When you can think clearly, okay?”
Tony feels a few lone tears slip down his cheeks. “He was a child. I did my best to keep him safe, I taught him how to fight, I built him a suit that would always get him back home, but it wasn’t enough. Steve, it wasn’t, I wasn’t
But he didn’t. Wouldn't ever, not when Tony’s involved.
Bruce stakes a hesitant step forward. “Tony?”
Two days.
It only took Tony half a second to notice that that meant they would be Leaving Him Alone With Steve and even less than that to decide he did not want that to happen. Hastily, he was up on his feet.
“I’ll need to do some blood tests,” he says, so friendly it almost makes Steve want to shake him. “If you would roll up your sleeve, please?”
“It scans objects and assigns them to the smallest possible packaging,” Peter explains animatedly. “My teacher says we could save tons of plastic this way!”
“I’m c-cold,” he says again, shivering.
Steve chuckles. “Good thing you showed up then.”
He's never nodded so fast in his life.
Some faraway part of Steve’s brain wonders how long it’s been since Bruce turned into
He tries to get back to finishing his suit, but his hands won’t stop shaking and his head won’t stop replaying his conversation with the Captain.
Tony was still eyeing the leftover glitter with desperation, when the door opened again a few minutes later.
Peter shakes his head.
Natasha eyes him and he knows she can see right through him.
It works, partly at least.
The only collateral damage they have to worry about now is the well-being of their sheep.
Tony stares at him, a myriad of different emotions crossing his face.
Steve feels like he’s been glued to the kitchen chair.
(The atmosphere in Wakanda stays as tense and hopeless as it was.)
“I think it’s better if I show you,” Tony says, and begins to untangle himself from Steve’s limbs and their blankets.
Shuri finishes scanning Tony just as Steve returns.
Steve’s at his side in under a second, like he’s done way too often in the last months.
you to have a relationship with Steve.”
When he went upstairs a few minutes later, he ran into his teammates in the kitchen on their shared floor. Thankfully, someone had yet to try and decorate he upper floors, and Tony gratefully sat down on one of the black, luxurious chairs.
Steve pushes his way through the battlefield, walks over bodies of both friends and foes until he’s made it to where the Black Widow has been crowded against rocks by four of the alien animal-creatures.
“We discussed if we should relocate to the compound,” Steve says, carefully testing the waters. “You might be able to work more efficiently there.”
“Come on! It’s fun!”
Tony groaned. “Oh come on, I can’t even remember that.”
So, when Steve had helped him crawl under the covers, Tony held onto his sleeve.
“Steve,” Tony says tightly, just so holding on to his calm. “What did he say?”
He brings Tony the bouquet of white stargazer lilies that Steve bought for him about a week ago on one of his runs. Little gestures like this never failed to bring a smile to Tony’s face, and from their very first date on, Steve’d made it his personal mission to make Tony smile as much as possible.
The other side of him has been lonely for too long.
Tony has stiffened.
Tony’s fingers start storming through Peter’s curls almost on their own accord, seeking to provide as much comfort as he can while running through a mental checklist on what to do.
Tony snorts. “Why, haven’t you caught up with the Civil War yet?”
They stop at a small but cozy Italian restaurant that they’ve been to a few times. Tony likes it; the employees are very discreet, and the food is to die for.
Steve doesn’t even blame him, not really, how can he -
“Me neither.” Tony found himself smiling.
He hasn’t talked to his son and his legally still husband since the 16th.
It’s like he’s flipped the mightiest switch in the universe.
This time, it has to be better than Thanos.
“What are you doing up?” She asks briskly, in a manner that reminds him of Pepper.
Tony blinked, and Steve blushed a little in response. For a moment, it seemed like either of them would pull away any second, but Tony figured
“I miss you,” he added, because that was also true.
When Steve enters the room, he scrambles upwards.
Tony found himself smiling. This was a far cry from the Christmas parties he’d used to throw, where he’d end up with a bunch of strangers in his house. This was different. In the eighteen months of being a team they’d started to build more than just that between them.
Which is stupid, Tony thinks, since the state he’s in now definitely hurts less than being sober.
Tony rolled his eyes. “You don’t have to go to all these things either. We do that all year round, take a break.”
“I asked if you wanted to be there for my next heat. I heard it’s quite fun for Alphas.’’
It’s secretary Ross, on the news.
Tony nods, grateful for the conversation prompt. “Yeah. I’ve been upgrading the self-regeneration mechanism.”
. No, he’s not, but it’s not as simple as that. And any other answer than yes would make him a shit father, and an even worse person.
“I’m sorry,” he adds, softer now. “You can touch me, is what I’m saying.”
And yet.
But now, all he wants is to feel Tony in his arms. And every day he spends with Peter is a reminder of how thoroughly messed up things between them are.
“Yeah, I’m okay,” Steve said, briefly considering whether he should scold Tony for having coffee for breakfast before thinking better of it - an argument about coffee was not a good precursor to asking Tony on a date.
But Steve seems to understand anyhow.
Bruce flinches, and Tony remembers the hurt and confused look on his face when he’d been told that the Avengers had broken up. The knowledge that this team had probably been his only safety net almost makes Tony reconsider. Almost.
Steve doesn’t yell at Tony, but it’s a near thing.
“None of us had any influence on who disappeared and who didn’t.” Steve’s voice is calm and self-assured. “It’s not your fault.”
Steve sighed. “Invitations. To Christmas party’s, galas... Everything really.”
“I can make us some food,” Steve said, ripping Tony out of his spiraling thoughts.
All Steve can do is nod. “I know I did. And I’ve told your father, I’m sorry for what happened.”
“I love hot chocolate,” Steve said forlornly.
When the portal closes, Peter tenses up.
supposed to be over.)
“What’s the situation?” He keep his voice cool and controlled instead of shrieking Tony’s name like Peter’s doing. (He has to be the strong one now, he can’t let his fear for Tony take over, he
Steve just smiled. “Of course you did. Come on, we gotta get you warm.”
Tony started furiously shaking his head as Steve slowly eased him away from the counter and started manoeuvring them both through the crowd.
(Of course, he hadn’t dared to wish for a fella, back then.)
“I’m not as drunk as I could be.” Tony waves a finger at him. “I can still talk, see?”
“Why’d you give me your dog tags?”
It feels like that, this morning in Steve’s arms.
Once upon a time, things were different.
It feels like years since he’s last seen it.
Steve adores it, really; the chances of Tony getting to live that long were astronomically small, and yet, he’s right by Steve’s side, every day. It’s proof that his life has finally taken a turn for the better.
“You tired?”
Tony’s already firing up the next wave of explosives in his suit as Nebula nods at him, and he just
Dummy beeps at him, and Tony tells him to go away.
The golden doors were seamed with a decorated tree on each side, and the roof that shielded them from the car to the entrance was wrapped in red and green fir branches. Inside, a wide hallway led them to the dining room, lit only by chandeliers and fairy lights. In the middle, a massive, golden tree stretched from the floor to the ceiling.
So he found himself picking up the brushes.
his Omega, not fight him. Never fight him.
Tony’d seldom been so happy to get back inside - except, when they stepped into the cabin, they were met with freezing cold.
Steve hesitates for a moment, then relaxed slightly and settles in next to Peter, who immediately snuggles into both of their arms.
“Tony, what’s going on?” Steve urges, because he needs to know what happened, now, or he won’t be able to help.
Steve is up and running before he can even think about it, and Peter is right beside him.
“He refused to come out, even when I told him I’d lose the fight without him.” He laughs, a bitter laugh, one of those Tony loathes to hear from him. “And I did. We all did.” He shakes his head. “What I’m trying to say is, we don’t have time for whatever thing happened between you all."
Tony’s eyes narrow. “Care to elaborate on that?”
Tony sighs. “You need to forgive yourself, Steve.”
Steve swallows. “And if it doesn’t?”
Steve what was going on. He didn’t, though. His parent’s death was public record, so Steve probably knew anyway, and the things that hadn’t been on the tabloids weren’t topics Tony liked to discuss with, well, anyone.
“You’re sick, Tony,” is what comes out of Steve’s mouth before his brain can remind him of the fact that they’re unofficially officially not talking about that.
on Tony. But this has gone on too long and you know that.”
Tony allows himself one more worried glance at his son, then hurries out of the room, collecting water bottles and tea, some wet towels and a thermometer.
“Why did you leave your ring then?” Tony asks instead, openly, giving him a chance to explain his actions.
The blinds are drawn tight with only very little light filling the room and it’s so quiet that Tony doesn’t dare to raise his voice above a whisper.
“Oh, I know,’’ Tony said dismissively. “I want to.’’
“I think,” he begins, voice laden with significance, “that we’re all in agreement here to not give up this fight.”
“You have to calm down Tones. Nothing bad is going to happen to Peter.”
The Alpha snorted and stepped forward, into his space. Steve pushed him back.
It’s thirty minutes past midnight when he gets woken up by nightmares again.
Tony raises his eyebrows. “Didn’t pick you for the type to go get some from their ex.“
He never thought he’d regret his choice regarding the Accords, and he still doesn’t, but there’s so much he regrets not telling Tony.
Bucky’s gone, as well as Wanda and Sam. The largest part of the team he’s been with for the past years is gone.
“This was a date?” Tony whispered, clear disbelief in his voice.
Steve refuses to look at the woods, to which Nebula had lured Thanos. It was a trap, of course, with Tony, Thor, Scott and Rhodes waiting within the trees. If their plan of attack had worked like it was supposed to, Rhodes would’ve flown the gauntlet out of there ages ago.
He was grateful to have his teammates at the tower for Christmas, but now, every silence was heavy, laden with tension and the obvious elephant in the room nobody had wanted to mention.
“Oh Tony.”
Peter looks happier though, and that’s what’s important, really.
He’d actually only ever seen the short special they’d aired when he was 12. When the film came out in 2000, he’d been way too busy feeling miserable to bother.
“Follow me!” Shuri appears on the other end of the room and Steve’s knees almost crash with how fast they’re moving forward again, hurrying down a hallway until Shuri takes a turn and orders Thor to lay Tony down on a metal stretcher.
He was glad when the call didn't connect to video. He was pretty sure seeing the exhausted state he was in would only conform Pepper’s concerns.
He looked up, thrown off by the sudden question.
“No,” Steve admitted gently. “He shouldn’t.”
Instead, Steve settles for what he hopes is a reassuring smile.
Sighing, he got up and opened the door for Steve.
It wasn’t even that bad at first.
Which is quite annoying, since the alcohol is now making him sleepy.
“Yeah, about that,” Tony says briskly. “I’m about to finish my new suit, and it’ll be so pumped up with nano-tech the purple asshole won’t even know what hit him. So, if you’ll excuse me?”
Natasha’s words of comfort are almost empty; and it becomes apparent as time drags on and they struggle more and more to hold Thanos’ army back. Steve’s not sure of they’d even be capable of sending reinforcements if the others needed it.
Meanwhile, Steve had already jumped into action. When Tony looked up from his phone, he’d already dumped an array of blankets onto the couch in front of the fireplace.
,” she replied, in exactly the same tone.
“Thank you,” Tony whispers. “I don’t want Peter to get dragged into this even more.”
(Tony has the increasing suspicion that it had a problem with violent tendencies.)
“Daddy, where’s Papa?”
Tony shut his mouth, lips quivering still.
Some part of Tony thought he should probably do a 180 and leave before Steve said something that he’d be even more embarrassed about later, but he couldn’t. His own curiosity was keeping Tony in place.
“They said you won’t wake up again,” Steve whispers. “But they don’t know you like I do.”
The regret is practically radiating from Steve’s body.
Steve went and ripped the tinsel right off the machines, without saying a word.
He shrugs.
He’s ashamed to admit to himself that it works.
Steve is in the waiting room for a total of nine hours and forty-seven minutes.
“I don’t need a babysitter,” Peter says tightly.
Steve didn’t move, didn’t even acknowledge him. Tony sighed and untangled himself from the cocoon on the couch. He moved towards Steve hesitantly. He knew this wasn’t going to be an easy conversation, and he’d known Steve for little longer than half a year. But still, he couldn’t just sit there and watch, while Steve was -
They sit in silence, in horrible, tense silence, while Steve thinks about the fact that Tony could’ve died without him even knowing there was anything wrong.
Thor frowned at them. “I do not fully understand why the semantics of our Captain should be considered a bad thing.”
Tony flinches.
With their combined forces, they manage to turn the tide; force Thanos army further away from the forest and surround them, until they’ve got all of the aliens either dead on in their control.
“Shit that- No, Steve, I didn’t mean it like that.”
As soon as the band let the song come to an end, Tony murmured a shallow excuse to his dance partner and pushed through the crowd, back to the doors and the dining room, eyes straining to find their table, see if Steve was -
So did Spider Man.
(But they still haven’t heard from Tony or Thor or Nebula - at this point it’s likely that their communicators are being blocked somehow, and Rhodey is unresponsive -)
“I’m hungry,” Hulk announced before getting up and making his way towards the food.
He klicks on the only contact saved in the phone and presses call.
Steve swallows. Tony looks like he’s only sleeping.
Tony gently cards his hands through Peter’s curls to keep him relaxed and tells FRIDAY to let Steve in. Barely a minute later, the door opens, revealing his ex-husband’s blue eyes.
When he opens the door and sees Tony lying on his bed, a sob makes its way out of Steve’s throat.
It doesn’t even do him any good, wishing for these times to come back. He doesn’t even know if he’d be strong enough to be in a room with all of the old Avengers, even if he got the chance.
Steve pauses. “I don’t know.”
Tony sighed. “Never mind my workshop. We’re watching a movie tonight.”
Steve looks him right in the eyes. “I’m sorry.”
“Yeah, it’s me,” he answers softly. “What’s going on, are you not feeling good?”
And then he woke up in the 21st century.
A few days later, Tony surprised all of them with tickets to a baseball game. Steve was a little apprehensive at first - he’d never quite been able to accept the Dodgers moving to LA - but he could tell Tony and the rest of the team were looking forward to it. Also, he supposed this was exactly what this was all about - building a life for himself in the now, instead of desperately holding on to the past.
From: Potts, Pepper, <
His heart was beating so frantically Tony was worried it might beat right out of his chest. He hadn't wanted Steve to know. He’d intended for Steve to never find out. It was why he’d left for Malibu, and then left Steve altogether. Better to do it himself, before Steve came to his senses.
Tony was still staring at him.
The news host regards Ross with mild interest. “Do you think this behavior is incriminating, considering they are part of the United Nations?”
“He’s downstairs, won’t let me in,” he says, and lets Steve pass.
Steve frowned. “Tony?”
On their left, the side of the mountain was more shallow and the trees were further apart. Standing there, Tony still didn’t get the excitement, but he indulged Steve. (
“That’s great, kiddo,” Steve says, meaning it. He can’t quite keep up when Peter starts to tell him about the programming process, but that’s okay. Peter’s proud of it, and so he is too.
“Talking sucks,” Tony says.
Steve’s arms tightened around him in response. One was still around his waist, the other slowly travelled upwards to his neck, until all Tony felt was Steve.
(Hell,
“I asked him to come by at mine and Bucky’s-”
“I’m gonna go check on Cap,” he announced.
Steve’s growl was so angry it coaxed Tony out of his makeshift hiding place under the covers.
“Dummy,” he says after a few seconds. “Go clean that up.”
(Don’t go, is what he wanted to say, but the words get stuck in his throat.)
He didn’t know if Tony was watching him or not, but he found it didn’t matter all that much. Knowing Tony was there made him feel safe and comfortable.
“Come on,” he whispers, gently curling a hand around Peter’s arm. “We should let them work.”
Peter, being Peter, just nods and makes a break for the Compound the second Steve hands him his small suitcase.
“However,” Strange cuts in sternly. “His head wasn’t sufficiently protected against the blast, so right now we’re dealing with severe swelling in his brain. There’s nothing we can do except hope it’ll go down in the next 48 hours.”
Tony just shakes his head. “He has no right to say that. To
“Let’s go up,” Tony urged instead to get rid of the awkward silence that had filled the car.
He carefully places his palm against Peter’s forehead, and almost recoils.
He gets out of breath - of course he does - and has to sit down at the top of the stairwell, shaking. Steve sits down next to him, wraps his arms around his husband and holds him, because there’s nothing else he can do.
She hesitated. “I know he meant a lot to you. If… if you want to come to Malibu again, let me know, okay? I’ll be there.”
One year after the crash, Steve makes a decision.
“What was
Steve feels Tony stir in his arms and tightens his hold in response. He knows they have to get up; there’s always so much to do in the summer.
“The past five years have been the happiest of my life, and I’m so glad we got to have a second chance.”
So yeah, Peter doesn’t suffer as much because of their fight anymore, so it’s definitely getting better.
The urge to go downstairs and check on Tony himself is stronger than ever now, but he knows that he’s right where he needs to be. Seeing him wouldn’t do Tony any good, but Peter clearly needs him now.
Tony squinted at the lanky man before him and wondered which one of his public scandals that was supposed to be a jab at.
And as soon as he steps through the door, he knows he wouldn’t rather be anywhere else. Peter immediately comes running down the stairs, wearing an oversized sweater that was already covered in flour.
“Please,” Steve pleads, with every ounce of desperation he’s feeling. “You’re about to have an anxiety attack.”
And god, it hurts more than he likes to admit.
”Well unfortunately, your living space also contains your company. And it makes customers feel more relaxed if we decorate.”
“Hey.” Steve kneels down in front of him, takes Peter’s hands and patiently waits for his son’s tear filled eyes to look into his. “What’s wrong?”
Which was totally the reason for what he did next. And not the fact that having Steve all to himself in his remote cabin sounded like everything he’d ever wished for at night as a teenager.
“Because I was scared you didn't mean it. That you’d realise you made a mistake and leave,” Tony replied promptly, before he’d even had the time to think about the fact that maybe, this was the exact topic he’d avoided talking to Steve about for over a year. “But I was even more scared that you’d meant it, and I’d fuck it up again. Because I always do, you know? And you, you deserve better.”
“And if they’d be happier without you?”
Tony snorted. “What can I say, I live to disappoint.”
Of course they don’t.
He couldn’t exactly go and fix it himself either, since a look at the news on his phone confirmed that the storm had damaged the power cables that supplied the small community they were residing in with electricity.
didn’t think this through.)
(They’re going to get
Tony laughed at him, later, when they were back at the tower.
He falters, and his voice sounds as if someone’s strangled him.
“Thank you.”
Tony stared at him in concern. An uneasy feeling settled in his stomach, and then he realized.
a son that has never given him any indication whatsoever to think like this.
Steve watches him go, and as soon as he’s out of eyesight, walks over to the tree to add his own presents to the pile.
It’s obvious that this is a thing of Steve’s own mind. Tony’s voice had never been so cold and cruel. Angry, yes, but never cold.
When they’ve cleared their plates, they move over to the couch. Even though there’s only three of them, and the room is consequently a lot quieter than Steve’s used to, the old ritual of having a movie night on New Year’s Eve does wonders for his mood. Tony and Rhodey bicker with each other just like his old teammates used to to, and he slowly unwinds while taking sips of his wine.
The kitchen is a cursed place though, or so it seems, because he meets Steve there,
“I better keep those two from ruining that poor guy’s cart,” Tony mumbled, taking his wallet out of his pocket and hurrying to catch up with the other three.
“Yeah you might wanna sit down for that,” Steve replies grimly.
And then there’s a whole pack of aliens running towards them and their conversation gets cut off.
Steve tries and fails to find an answer to that. He collapses on their bed instead and hides his head in his hands.
Steve lets his hands tousle in Tony’s hair and smiles.
About those who hadn’t made it.
Tony raised his eyebrow. “Do you?”
Oh, Peter agrees to meet Steve, but Tony hadn’t doubted that anyway.
Thor shoots go higher into the air, and Nebula jumps towards Thanos so rapidly, he has to follow her with his eyes and turn his back to Thor. She dodged his fist and jumps, knife steady in her hand, but Thanks whirls around, grabs her right out of the air and throws her a good few feet.
He barely manages to shut the door of the lab behind him before his breaths quicken and he sinks to the ground, running short on oxygen.
Steve’s breath is warm on his neck. Tony can tell he’s slowly waking up.
Steve’s heart clenches painfully.
He glances at where Steve and Natasha are sitting on the couch, but doesn’t meet Steve’s eyes.
Steve felt his cheeks get warmer. Even though Tony approached him like it was nothing, sharing heats required incredible trust on the Omega’s side. And that Tony had decided to ask him was…
If their fragile truce is what can be called
It goes on for almost a week until they finally decide they will try to draw Thanos out.
Tony sighs and - with the attitude of a five-year-old caught with his hand in a cookie jar - fetches a shoe carton from the counter.
Peter sighs and stares at his piece of bun. “He didn’t mean to make me upset. I just... It’s hard.”
They say people in comas are aware of their surroundings.
. But that’s just how it is.
Steve swallows. Apparently, Rhodes’ wrath would now kill him before his own guilt could.
He wants it all back.
Tony tells Shuri he needs to repair his suit.
Tony curses himself silently.
As it turned out, even though Steve had more experience with the outdoors than Tony, the conditions got worse a lot quicker than anticipated. By the time they came back to the cabin, snow had begun falling as well, getting thicker every minute.
Tony grits his teeth. “Am I what?”
And so, a few minutes later, they met in the living area, Tony staring at the chunks of tree in Steve’s arms, and Steve staring at Tony’s wielding torch.
It’s weird, how worried they both are about their animals. Decades of fighting super villains and aliens, and yet, the impeding birth of their sheep has them both on edge.
Steve flinches, and Tony looks apologetic, but apparently not enough to take it back.
Tony wasn’t blushing, he really wasn’t, but that warm feeling curled low in his belly and made him smile. “I’ve never had Crêpes,” Tony said, the fact coming to him out of nowhere. Suddenly, he found himself wanting to try it.
, Steve!”
“We’re gonna be home soon,” Steve said stiffly. “You just… Sit tight.”
“We’ve tried everything we can.” Bruce holds out his hands imploringly, as if this is a negotiation for peace. “There’s nothing more we can do. And even if he does wake up, it… He won’t be himself.”
Tony squirms in his hold. “Steve... There’s something I need to tell you.”
Tony turns away from him, forcing a controlled breath through his lungs.
“You should go to sleep,” Steve said softly.
“Hey Tony.”
He has way too much time to do that now, sat next to Peter on a giant couch.
“Too late!” Steve called back.
In came Steve, in full workout clothes with a shirt that left nothing to the imagination.
“Tony, you don’t have to do it alone. I’m going to be there.”
He misses Tony. He misses him too much, and he knows this might be his only chance.
Because he’s drinking.
Some of the other attendants have started to pair up to dance to the slow music a piano player provides.
The loneliness is threatening to take him under.
Tony slapped a hand across his mouth.
of you.”
Tony had helped Bruce cook and made sure to set the table so that he would sit as far away from Steve as physically possible, but he could still feel Steve’s eyes on him every once in a while. And whenever Tony thought Steve wasn't looking, he caught his own seeking out soft blonde hair on the other end of the table.
“He never really told me, but he was feeling really bad.” Peter swallows, looks at him accusingly. “You hurt him.”
Steve heard her explain how they had found him redecorating his room after they came back from Europe.
“Thank you,” Tony finally says.
When Tony stumbled into the kitchen again a few hours later, the sun was already peeking through the New York skyline. He didn't bother checking the clock - it wasn't like he’d be going back to sleep anyway.
Tony looked down at his half-cleared plate and shook his head. His appetite had left him.
“Exactly.” And, wow, there was real sadness in Steve’s voice. “I always miss you when you’re not there.”
Tony has a kid to save.
They situate each other so that their shoulders are just shy of touching. Steve can still feel Tony’s presence, and they have the space needed for a conversation like this.
“Never mind,” Tony grumbled. “Look, I’m awake, you’ve fulfilled whatever moral duties you think you have, you can leave me alone.”
Steve turned, with flushed cheeks and a glint in his eyes. “I know, but you don’t!”
He doesn’t even know where the tears come from; but it feels like a dam is breaking because he ends up standing at the sink with his hands in icy water for fifteen minutes until Steve comes after him.
Tony stumbles onto Wakandan ground some mere days after the snap.
In hindsight, Steve should’ve seen it coming. Hell, they both should’ve seen it coming.
, how does he even -
Pepper rolled her eyes at him. “Tony, that was a
On that positive note, he wheels away to the dining table.
“FRIDAY will have an eye on Tony,” Steve reassures him, because he knows she always does. “If he needs us, she’ll tell us.”
He tries not to look at it; the ring, the letter and the cellphone. Which is why he so rarely actually goes to their old room to sleep. Most of the time, it’s the workshop, or the couch in the living room. Sometimes, when Peter’s away for the night, Tony sleeps in his son’s room. (It’s the only occasion where he’s granted a few uninterrupted hours of sleep, and at first, just after Steve left, they’d both curl up together in Peter’s bed, but now Tony knows he needs to try to give the kid at least some level of normalcy.)
Finally, Tony turns and looks at him. “I didn’t want to worry you.”
Tony frowned. He was sure there was something going wrong here, something he should be picking up on, but his head came up empty. By the time he’d decided he should ask Steve about it, Steve was already opening the door of a black limo for him, and the thought fled his mind.
Steve tentatively steps closer. “Tony?”
Steve swallows and stares at the woods in front of them.
“But it’s all you will ever get.”
By the time his cup is filled with steaming coffee, he’s fidgeting with the need to get out of the room.
(His bot’s unassuming happiness makes everything even worse.)
His face falls, but he does as Tony requested.
Wait.
Not the run-down motel rooms, or the constant hiding.
Natasha stiffens. “Steve, he’s on a
He reaches for the thermometer on the nightstand and Peter slightly tilts his head to allow Tony to access his ear.
,” Tony declared upon entering the kitchen.
Then, on a sunny evening, Tony took him aside after dinner.
There was massive bleeding in Tony’s brain, and they haven't been able to reverse all the damage. Even if he were, by a miracle, to regain consciousness, the old Tony would still be gone. Memory loss and paralysation from the neck down is the best case scenario, and even that is unlikely.
Steve shrugs. He does struggle with that, sure, but it’s not his main problem.
Steve just shakes his head, looking about as beat as Tony feels. “No, it’s okay. I’ll talk to Clint.”
Steve inhales. “Did he... ?”
“This is
Doctor Strange closes the portal to Titan; Steve guesses his name from what Bruce has told him. Unfortunately, that also eradicates any doubt that the boy really is Peter.
“I always hated the holidays as a kid.” Tony fought against the tightness in his throat. He hadn’t really thought about how Christmas used to be ever since December 16th 1991. “Howard didn’t...” He shook his head, restarted the sentence. “We didn’t really celebrate. As a family, I mean. My father would drag us to a few important galas, ceremonies... but that was it, really. He didn’t like it very much whenever Jarvis tried to give me a normal Christmas.”
Steve turns and cups Tony’s cheek in his palm.
mess, so I’m going to clean it up. End of discussion.”
Steve didn’t even think twice about taking him up on it. “Sure.”
already.
But Tony doesn't respond. His blood is slowly coating the ground and Steve feels terrifyingly alone.
Figures Steve would say that, Tony thinks wryly. Ever the good team leader.
Tony let him, for a while. After all, he was hungry, and he couldn’t exactly force Steve to cuddle with him.
It’s like they’re going in different directions, and there’s nothing Steve can do to about it.
Tony’s still preparing the pasta when he arrives, so he starts to set the table for the three of them. With a bolt of worry he notices that Tony has a few bottles of liquor in the fridge.
“Someone’s gotta catch him!” Steve yells into the comms before he’s being slammed into the ground by one of the aliens.
“Good morning,” Tony says with the practiced ease of one too many one-night stands.
“I didn’t want to go,” Peter whispers. “And Tony, he couldn’t...”
Tony cradles his left hand to his chest, and Steve doesn’t have to look to know that it’s shaking.
“What would you like to eat?” Steve asked him, gently putting an arm around his shoulders.
Tony couldn’t help it; the opportunity was too good. “What, you’re not even gonna buy me dinner first?”
“Stay with me,” Steve whispers, voice shaking. “Medical’s almost here, just stay with me,
Damn. He needs to get this under
“What do want here, Steve?”
“You’re drunk,” Steve realizes, deliberately going over his comment on Howard. (He doubts Tony would appreciate a conversation about his father right now.)
like he should be, but flat-out falling, the thrusters of his suit weakly twitching.
And that makes the horrible feeling in Steve’s chest unclench a little, at the knowledge that he
With injuries on the battlefield Steve has always been able to deal; it’s something tangible, and he’s experienced enough to gauge the seriousness of the situation and take action accordingly.
Steve nodded - maybe a bit too eager, but to be fair, Tony had just told him it was okay.
Then he sits back down on the couch and cries.
Tony made a face. “Ew.”
The whole conversation feels like threading through thick mud, but eventually, they decide that Peter would meet with Steve every second weekend, if possible. And if Peter wanted to, of course.
As it is, Tony is currently sitting at the kitchen table with his head in his hands. He knows better than to follow Peter right now and possibly rile him up even further, which leaves him with a lot of time to think about what happened.
It wasn’t like Tony was trying to be a pain to Pepper on purpose; the obnoxious tree really did make him feel uneasy. Every year, it reminded him of the one that Howard used to have set up in their living room, and that didn’t exactly mean happy family vibes. Cue him avoiding Christmas trees wherever he possibly could.
And Tony might be dying, or he might not be, depending on how much his heart can still take, and there’s no way anyone could predict that.
At least it gives him an inkling of Steve’s mood. (He tells himself he shouldn’t care, but he does. Too much.)
Just like that, Tony cupped Steve’s face in his hands kissed him.
Except, when he looked back to the kitchen, Steve was standing with his back to him, hands braced on the isle, unmoving. Every muscle seemed to be tensed up, as if he was waiting for a fight.
During the negotiations, everything naturally goes to shit.
Thor is currently hovering several meters above their heads, his axe sizzling with lightning bolts. He’s the only one of them that has an unmistakable chance at killing Thanos, with wielding Stormbreaker and all, but Thanos seems to be aware of that as well, and has always kept the god at a safe distance to his head.
But here, in this pristine white room, he can’t do anything else than holding Tony’s hand in his.
Steve can’t help the smile forming on his face at the earnestness in Peter’s voice.
He knows he’s having a panic attack. But he’s helpless to stop it.
(What if,
And then, just as they’re blasting the last of the aliens, a giant portal opens directly next to Steve and stumbling out comes probably the weirdest group he’s ever seen.
The waiter led them to a little table at the edge of the terrance that was slightly hidden behind some bushes. Tony glanced at the menu then raised his eyebrows at Steve. “Are you gonna lecture me if I get a black coffee?”
Tony scowls. “Shut up.”
“I would love that,” Steve said, entirely seriously. His heart was starting to beat a little faster.
“What I don't understand,” Thor said, frowning slightly, “is why you would not make enough for a true feast.”
Rhodey sounds like he’s only indulging Tony, which is ridiculous, since his situation does pose a dire need to isolate himself. Preferably forever.
“But if you’re upset -” Peter starts to protest, so earnestly it makes Tony feel even worse.
He barely makes it out of his bed and down the hall to the bathroom, where he spends the next few minutes retching up what little he’d eaten. Cursing the fact that he listened to Steve’s request and went to bed.
“Steve?” Tony looks at him carefully, as if
Their first kiss after Siberia is years later, after they’ve kicked Thanos’ ass and reversed The Snap. After Tony started to heal from the horrible emptiness the events on Titan had left him with.
The heart monitor next to Tony’s bed is beeping rhythmically.
What follows after is, well, almost scarily domestic.
“Got a funny way of showing it,” Tony says dryly.
on their way to a relationship - hopefully.
But Tony also knows it won’t be enough to kill Thanos. He’s known it the first time he assembled his nano suit, and he knows it now.
“It wasn’t like ours, at least,” Tony adds quietly, with a wry twist to his mouth that makes Steve’s stomach turn.
Still, Steve feels uneasy to leave Tony for that long. He’s completely defenseless, and Steve is fidgety and distracted at first, not even posing any kind of challenge for Clint and Natasha.
Which is his right. He should be able to be with his father. And Steve deserves to see his son, too. Tony’s told Peter as much.
Some start calling for the Avengers, but perhaps for the first time ever, the Avengers can’t respond.
“I just… I missed you. And now that we’re here, I couldn’t …’’
A giant ball of smoke and fire erupts, not far from where they’re standing.
standing with his shoulders pushed back and chin raised high.
“Would you do anything different?” Tony asks quietly. “If you knew. Everything, I mean.”
“Before that, we need a plan of attack,” Steve said.
So yeah, Steve loves seeing Tony’s wrinkles deepen and his hair turn gray, but he has the increasing suspicion that his husband wouldn’t agree with him.
seemed completely out of the question.
There’s no more treatments to try, the doctors say, and thanks to Helen Cho, they have even better monitoring systems at the tower than the hospital does in the ICU.
Nebula and Thor especially, because they all encountered Thanos before. Unfortunately, they all agree that it’s more plausible for Thanos to find them, not the other way around.
“Leave some for the rest of us,” Clint warned him, but only got a low grunt for a reply.
What Tony believes for a long time to be their last kiss is in Siberia, just before -
Tony stares. “Last night, or...”
Steve knows Wakanda can heal bullet wounds in a day, but he also knows that every technology has its limits.
But it was a start, and it kindled a hope in Steve that he was never, ever letting go of.
Memories of evenings and nights spent together. Memories of Steve looking at him with such tenderness, that -
Steve dutifully takes a shower and puts on different clothes afterwards. He eats leftovers from the fridge and drinks a bottle of water. Then, he packs an overnight bag for Tony and heads back to the garage.
Seeing Steve during the pardon trial was bad enough. Realizing he couldn’t look at his own husband without remembering his shield coming down on him was bad, but still feeling a part of the love for him was even worse.
But Tony’s not done.
But then, just as the door closes behind him, Peter comes barreling around the corner and jumps into his arms. Steve hugs him back instinctively, then frowns.
He’s back to joking already, but Steve isn’t.
It’s been several hours, and Shuri and Strange both look exhausted, but they lack the pitying glint in their eyes that always prevails bad news like this.
“Yep.” Tony grinned. “Nothing like celebrating Grinchmas than pulling a few all-nighters.”
It was said not only condescendingly, but with a leer to the Alpha’s voice that made Steve bristle.
Silence.
“I’m gonna be here until you wake up, sweetheart. I promise you.”
It’s okay. He figures he deserves it, anyway.
Tony was about to protest - talking about it right then and there seemed like a terrific idea - but he felt tiredness pulling at his bones, and Steve was the heavy, sure presence beside him that he’d missed for so long.
Well, so much for him keeping composure.
“Has anyone seen Tony?”
Steve never liked putting on a suit.
Tony shrugs. “Knock yourself out.”
And Tony won’t even talk to him.
The nightmare still clung to his mind. It was one of the ones he’d had often these days, but left him no less shaken up.
“Do you feel out of place now?’’ Tony asked, and it came out exactly right: challenging, but open and patient.
“Eh, I’m leaving for my cabin in Utah in three days.”
“A lot better than I was,” Steve admitted quietly. “Everything you’ve been doing… it really helped. Thank you.”
Steve slams his shield into the alien in front of him. “I’m on my way.”
“Mmmh,” Tony mumbled. “Sure.”
“They have a medical center here,” he says hollowly, pointing at a building that seems so, so far away. “Ask for Shuri, she’ll know what to do.”
Which is ridiculous. The guy wants to marry him after all.
Tony huffed. “That doesn’t mean I need one in my living space.”
“Oh, Captain! What an honour. See, Tony and I were just -”
“Come on. I don’t want it to start like this. What’s wrong?’’
Steve feels his breath quicken. He has the overwhelming urge to apologize again, but he knows that that’s not what Tony wants. He’s said sorry already, but they never really talked about what happened.
Steve doesn’t even know if she means him or Tony, and he doesn’t want to find out either.
Steve smiled. “Kiss me?”
He’s probably right with what he’s saying, at least the tiredness in Steve’s bones says so, but the thought of leaving Tony’s side makes him anxious.
Their communicators have long been rendered useless, and they’ve got pretty everything else in their plan failing as well.
Tony promptly passes out.
Steve feels so tried that he simply nods.
Tony’d never been good at that kind of order. And sitting there, in his own bed, after what was probably the worst love confession of his life (and he had quite a few disastrous ones to choose from), waiting for Steve to come back. (Where had he even disappeared to, anyway?)
“You know I’ll always come for you,” Steve says, and Tony can practically taste the guilt in his words.
and he just really wants to do a 180 and leave, but Peter’s probably already seen him, and he really shouldn’t see Tony practically flee at the sight of his former husband.
(And burst it does.)
He was getting better at taking time for himself every now and then, either to train or to paint, but going away for God knows how long on a
Steve’s blood goes cold.
They’re sitting in the common area, the TV is playing lowly in the background, but most of them are staring out of the window anyway.
Screw whatever Steve was doing right now.
God, he’d still been the innocent kid that Tony never was.
He swallowed. “Tony, I’d love to spend your heat with you. Just- Are you sure?’’
The Compound was surrounded by a few impressive hectares of woods and fields that were originally supposed to be a training ground. Now, Steve is just glad for the quiet and the privacy.
His heart constricts, and it makes his lungs go tighter.
“Uh.”
“I don’t like this,” Steve responds.
Steve sighs. “I came here because I was worried. I didn’t want Tony to be alone.”
“You sacrificed yourself for all of us,” Steve hisses. “That’s no
It almost looks like a panic attack, if not for the way Tony outright
“I think you should help him,” Steve says mildly.
Because they’re not lovers anymore. Present Steve knows that. Future Steve, well...)
When Steve first met Tony, well, he was, to put it simply, horrified.
Unfortunately for everyone involved, Tony decides to leave the Compound to do some testing on his new suit just as Steve’s car stops at the end of the driveway.
It’s been seven since he’s been let in to be at Tony’s side, and his husband is stubbornly proving the doctors wrong once more.
“Stark, you don't have to do this. It’s okay if you don’t want us there.’’
(He doesn’t want to say it like this. After two years of silence, Steve deserves better than that.)
It came easy to him, maybe even a little bit too easy. A little joke there, some meaningless conversation here, and dinner was over in a flash.
Rhodey comes to visit him some time later - how much exactly Tony can’t tell - and he’s not pleased at the state he finds Tony in.
Steve thinks of how Tony was pushed into alcohol, was strong enough to quit anyhow, and is still paying for it, decades later, and he wants to punch someone.
When they finally parted, Tony had that warm feeling in his belly that Steve had probably been talking about earlier.
Nebula practically pushes him out of the plane when he hesitates, and the force is enough for him to stumble and fall on his knees.
Normally, Tony’d be there to welcome him, either with reassurance and affection or distraction, depending on what Steve needed.
He doesn’t need to see the pile of ashes on the chair and sink onto his knees with tears running down his cheeks.
He almost expected Tony to tell him off right away, to say that they were over for good.
“And why is that?”
Steve tells him to go shower and put on some clean clothes, and Peter walks away with a vacant look in his eyes.
The words escape him before he can help it. “I miss you.”
Clint frowned. “Why?’’
On a whim, Tony’d decided to take his old ornaments out of storage; the ones made out of stained glass, one of the few things his mother had had a real passion for. He hadn't anticipated the mixed emotions he felt as he watched his team hang them up, and he’d almost had to excuse himself for a few minutes, when -
At first, Steve’s lips were still under his, confused and shocked. Then, when Tony kept up the slight pressure, he finally relaxed under him and Tony felt Steve’s hands on his waist as he kissed him back.
“Incoming call from: Pepper Potts,” JARVIS announced.
If only Steve knew the right words.
Of course it doesn’t.
Peter sighs and reluctantly retreats to the kitchen.
As long as the fight isn’t over, he can’t let it.
Steve chose a small café near Queens which he’d discovered shortly after he woke up from the ice. Back then, no one recognised his face and the staff had always been kind to him. When he’d debated over where to bring Tony, he’d figured Tony would appreciate not being treated as a celebrity for an evening, so he’d called ahead and they had immediately agreed to give them a secluded table on their roof terrace.
Tony bristles. There it is, Captain America’s Voice Of Reason. Something he never responded well to.
It’s long overdue. And yet, when the date of Tony’s fall comes around again, he feels far from ready. It’s so easy to delude himself into thinking putting it off would be okay, Tony’s still right
Natasha catches him in the stairwell.
“Thanks,” Tony replies. He appreciates Bruce’s opinion, like he always has, but in the position they’re in, it feels hollow and insignificant.
“What do you want me to say, huh?” There are unshed tears in his eyes, the kind Tony would never let fall. “We lost. I fucked up, it’s my fault the kid’s gone and I...” His voice breaks, and he trailed off.
Tony snorts. “Yeah sure. But don’t worry, I’ll be there when you need me to fight.”
Steve froze.
Their lines are being pushed back, closer and closer towards the woods, where Tony so desperately needs them to keep the aliens away.
The room Okoye has provided him with is big and spacious, with a bed much more comfortable than anything he’s had in the past two years.
Steve was trodding through the woods in front of him, his steps a lot more effortless than Tony’s.
What they hadn’t planned, however, was for the serum to turn out like this.
Later, Steve is in the training room they’ve been provided with, wondering where exactly he and Tony went so irrevocably wrong. Was it him protecting Bucky? Was it Siberia? Or those two years they didn’t even talk to each other?
“So what?” He muttered. “They can use the publicity.”
He’s lost even more than Thanos took from him. He’d already lost his family...
Steve nodded. “So we need a plan to find him.”
The guilt also almost kept him from returning to New York when the negotiations to abolish the Accords were set to commence. In the end, Natasha had to give him that final push to make him go despite his dread to see Tony again.
Tony breathes in deeply.
“Sure you didn’t,” Tony says easily. “We both didn’t. But this is where we are, Steve.”
Tony tries.
When he steered his Jeep into the broad driveway of his two-story wooden lodge though, those three days of inappropriate comments were definitely worth it.
“Come on. Everyone knows this is not the right direction for you. I mean, phones? Really?”
Tony sighs. “Fine. Bed’s better than the couch.”
Steve wants to ask, but he’s not sure he’s in the position to do so anymore.
, Tony thought. Of course someone as good and generous as Steve was would appreciate it. Tony wouldn’t even have ever guessed that Steve didn’t like Christmas in the first place; it seemed like something that just was a part of the American picket-fence dream.
Steve frowns at him - of course he does, how dare Tony disrespect his authority by leaving the meeting early - but Tony can’t stay in this room for a minute longer. The talks of
It makes his heart slam in his chest.
“‘Mkay,” Peter says.
(Also, the weight of the housing case for his new suit’s nano-particles is reassuring enough for him to maintain his composure.)
Tony frowned, realizing that probably hadn’t been the best thing to say. He wanted to ask what was going on with Steve, but he wasn’t good at that kind of conversation, and he wasn’t sure Steve would appreciate it.
They’re in good spirits when they get back home, Tony’s skipping up the stairs with a happy look on his face and Steve allows it because he can’t bring himself to deny Tony on his birthday.
By the time they finish, he’s out of breath and exhausted, but in a good way, like he hasn't experienced in way too long. Most important of all, he feels
(There’s so much clawing against the walls in his head, demanding to be let out, but he’s cried enough about all of this already. Peter needs him; he’s got to stop being a burden and start being a parent again.)
“Do you really think he likes me too?” Steve couldn’t help but ask.
“Tony Stark!” An elderly woman bellowed as she draped her thick red coat over one of the chairs on her table. Tony frowned, trying to decide whether he was supposed to know her or not. “Oh, it’s such a joy to see you again! Say, how’re you finding New York?”
He trails off, pushes back what he wants to say, like they’ve been doing for the last two years.
He feels Tony nod against his chest. “Yeah. The babies aren’t here yet, but they’re doing okay.”
And then, War-Machine comes hurtling towards them. Not
The endless joy, followed by dread and panic, as he’d read Steve’s first confession of love.
Tony would’ve laughed if he had the lung capacity to do so.
When Tony killed the engine and looked over to Steve, the blond was staring out the window with his mouth hanging open.
He’d once been a part of this. It’s not
Peter gets up so abruptly Steve takes a step back.
He heard Steve take a sharp breath.
Peter blinks and his expression clears so fast it almost gives Steve a whiplash.
“Hey, at least I’m faster than you!” Tony called, and found, to his own surprise, that he was grinning like an idiot.
try it.”
, he says.
He’d intended to ask Tony for recommendations, but he’d barely seen him since they got back a few days ago.
Finally, Tony smiles a crooked smile and says, “Well, I guess that’s the last gift my father’s giving me.”
Steve shrugs. “Thanos completely dropped off the radar. I don’t like it.”
Sometimes, when he did manage to sleep, he saw it all happen from an outsider’s perspective. He saw himself shattering Tony’s arc reactor with a force Steve’d sworn to never, ever use against him.
Their son needs both of them. That just about qualifies as
A cone fell out of a tube on the right and was transferred to the front, where a perfectly portioned scoop of ice cream fell into it.
Tony smiled. A soft, genuine smile that Steve didn’t get to see very often. “I’m glad.”
of all things; probably told him some elaborate story about how it was super important in Midgardian culture.)
His voice isn’t shaking dammit, it’s
Tony forces down a sob and turns off the faucet before putting the fresh towels into the kitchen isle.
Barely a week later, Peter’s school holds its annual end of the year science fair. Ever since they adopted Peter, Steve hasn’t missed a single one of them. This time though, he hesitates in front of the entrance to the hall.
It’s moments like these in which he comes back to thinking about how lucky he is.
Great.
It’s not a good day. He knows as much as soon as he opens his eyes.
“Hey Steve?”
Slowly, Steve’s eyes wandered towards them, and he grinned at them. “You’re my team!”
Walking from one corner of the room to the other, and back.
Not there anymore.
Steve squeezes his hand, lets him know he’s there without interrupting him. Tony takes a few seconds to respond, and the air grows heavier between them.
It’s one of the few time he’s honestly glad that Tony is as rich as he is; this way, they don’t have to wait as long to get appointed to a doctor.
“Oh.” For all it was worth, Steve looked positively envious. “Have fun, then.”
and Tony nearly gags because
“Let’s take a walk outside, hm? We can build a snowman and talk this through.”
It seems to only confuse Peter’s fever-addled brain though. “Papa -”
Still, Tony only really managed to relax when their table started filling up. There were things about being here with Steve that tugged at Tony’s heart, like seeing Steve’s shoulder’s hunch as he stared at the large number of patrons streaming in through the door and longing to comfort him. (But that wasn't his place anymore.)
Peter pouts, obviously not happy about it, but he nods, with such deeply convicted trust in his eyes it makes Tony’s heart sting.
His left hand starts to tremble.
He’s at Tony’s side less than ten seconds after impact. Behind him, the battle against the aliens that some idiot let loose on New York is still soaring, but he can’t turn back there now. Wouldn’t, not for the world.
“See, Mister Stark, I have a proposal for you.”
But during the fall, the uncertainty of what’s happening makes everything worse. No matter how often he screams Tony’s name, there’s only terrifying silence at the other end.
It shouldn’t be this easy, but it is.
Peter raises his head, and his eyes are filled with tears. “Capt’n?”
He could feel Steve’s eyes following him as he left, burning into his back like soldering iron, but he forced himself to ignore it.
“What?”
Tony sighed. “Let’s go outside for a minute.’’
They’re sitting on the kitchen floor, next to the refrigerator.
There are more Wakandan warriors appearing around him than aliens, and to his astonishment, it doesn’t take them long to regroup and charge into battle. All the questions are pushed back for later, and Steve is as relieved as he feels impressed.
(He wonders if it should even be possible to miss another human being as much as he misses Steve; so much that his every waking moment is controlled by it.)
Steve steps forward. Apparently, he’s already made himself Captain of their new group of misfit losers, and Tony doesn’t even have it in him to feel irritated, like might have before.
He tries to answer her, or at least he thinks he does, but it proves to be too much effort, and he gives up.
Tony falters for a moment. (He probably hadn’t meant to say that.)
Steve follows his glance to where Peter is slumped in his seat. “Oh that, that’s Peter, he’s with Tony. Kind of.”
Steve has never been good at refusing Tony.
As soon as the door slid shut behind him, Tony took a second to take some deep breaths before entering their small medbay, where they had deposited Steve on one of the cots they kept for emergencies.
Maybe that’s why it takes them so long to come back from the Accords.
It’s barely been a few weeks, and it still feels surreal, the fact that he’s married now.
“Steve?”
Sure, as of right now, they have rain pouring down from the sky as if someone’s emptying buckets and whenever they want to buy groceries, they have to drive half an hour to the nearest town with a supermarket, but Steve wouldn’t have it any other way.
Rhodey just nods, and Steve realizes Tony must’ve talked to him about this, which reassures him, in a weird way. At lest he’s not jumping into this without being sure of himself.
Steve blinked and looked back at him. “That’s, a little more than a cabin Tony.”
The worlds feel hollow, meaningless. Steve doesn’t respond to Clint, and eventually, he’s alone again.
Tony knew all too well, and he’d been the one to explain to Steve why he kept dragging the Avengers to these events. It was a lot easier for them to convince people to donate than for anyone else.
The guy nods at him and they take off to attack what little is left of Thanos’ army.
Every day, when either the sun comes through their bedroom window, or - more often than not - they get woken up by the rain pounding against their cottage, Steve feels Tony’s warm body in his arms and his heart leaps.
. You didn’t trust me to make a compromise. You ran off without thinking of how this would affect Peter. And then you left me there, in Siberia. I could’ve died.”
Hammer held up his hands. “I wasn’t -”
It was Steve. Who Tony had been looking for. He grinned to himself. There was that sorted, then.
“Tony!” Steve exclaimed as soon as he opened the door, a ridiculous smile on his face.
“I won’t,” Steve says. (Because he can’t.)
Dummy rolls away, blissfully unaware of the inner turmoil of his maker.
They slip into a routine, but it never ever gets boring.
He sits there for almost ten hours.
The guy with the mask points a gun at him. “You with Thanos?”
“Oh really.’’ Tony raised his eyebrows, and damn, that shouldn't be so attractive on him. “Cause you're standing at parade rest.’’
And when they finally get to go, Tony does the one thing he can do best: get drunk.
“You knew about my parents and you chose to lie to me,” Tony says, cold. “And you thought a simple letter would cut it?”
Tony snorted. “You can still take me out all you want after I’ve made you forget your own name.”
Hammer held up his hands placatingly. “No, of course not. We wouldn't be creating weapons, not at all, just the
There are grey streaks in his hair now, as well as in his beard. His eyes are lined with wrinkles, and he’s started to complain about pain in his back.
“Well -’’
Steve eyes him hesitantly. “So, does that mean...”
about this, but he can’t. The words have been locked in his throat for so long. “When I left, I... I’ve never stopped caring about you.”
In typical Natasha-fashion, that leaves little room for argument, but Tony’s too exhausted to try anyhow.
When Tony saw him approaching, he frowned at him. “You okay?”
“Hammer Industries is having a bit of a rough time, I hear,” he said pointedly, taking his drink which Hammer was holding out to him.
Steve sighs. “I also wasn’t that baldy injured.”
Tony, in fact, did not get a black coffee but something that sounded disgustingly sweet, while Steve opted to go for black tea.
The world’s most effective nano-technology based short-range rockets though, that’s what he does have.
Tony raises his head, clutching at his chest with both of his hands.
Tony was surprised Steve was still there, since he had an entire floor to himself, but the Captain seemed perfectly at ease. (And Tony found comfort in his presence, so he didn’t call Steve out on it.)
“Just sit tight,” he says, and if his eyes are watering again, well, so be it. “Papa’s going to be here soon.”
Rhodey offers to search the place for Pepper.
“So, do tell,” an elderly woman drawls. “Are you guys really going to work together again? I imagine it’s hard after getting betrayed like that.”
“I don’t even know where I’m supposed to go.”
“I can’t,” Steve replies numbly.
At first, there’s the
The thought came to him as easy as breathing.
“Thanks Bruce,” he says tightly.
And then he kisses Steve, just like that.
“You’re in a team now, Stark, whether you like it or not. Start acting like it.’’
Tony hasn’t actively been Iron-Man in years, but he still insists on regular training sessions. Steve’s happy to indulge him - sport is good for Tony’s health after all.
It’s a quiet admission.
Steve looks at Tony and can’t help but feel dismay. They’d worked long and hard for Tony’s self-esteem to get better; Steve shouldn’t have let this get so far.
He hasn’t seen Peter since he stormed out on him, and even though he knows Peter can take care of himself, there’s still worry curling in his chest.
“You should talk to him,” she murmured and released him gently.
He doesn’t know how much time has passed when his grumbling stomach finally forces him to leave the room and go back to the common areas.
He’s ashamed to admit how easy it was. How effortlessly he let Steve’s touch guide him, how he trusted him - in that moment - without being afraid.
“Emergency Services have been contacted,” FRIDAY informs them.
Steve’s shoulders fall in relief.
Okay,
But that’s how they got into this mess in the first place, so he doesn’t. He listens and agrees to the plan like he’s supposed to. (At least for now.)
Thor nodded his understanding and they teamed up to get Captain America to board the Quinjet. Which was easier than expected, given the fact that Steve went willingly, but also a lot more exhausting, as keeping his mouth shut seemed to be impossible for him.
Steve doesn’t move. It feels like it’d rip his heart right out if he were to leave Tony.
He tells Tony he loves him, over and over.
“Back off.”
“You can stay if you want. I’d appreciate the company,” Steve told him honestly and was rewarded with a blinding smile.
Seeing Tony again felt like punch in the guts, but Steve had the diplomats to focus on, and tried to steer his thoughts away from the Omega as best as possible.
Steve turns to see Rhodey rolling into the room on his wheelchair.
The words were so quiet that Tony almost didn't hear them. Steve was looking at him with an earnest, content expression on his face, as if there was not a cloud in the sky.
In the end, it didn’t even matter as halfway through the movie, the door swung open so suddenly, that all of them turned to the hallway. They heard a few heavy steps before Tony came stumbling in, a bulky machine in his arms.
(Never stopped loving you either.)
Steve bites his lip and nods. “I know. And I’ll have to make it up to Peter.”
When Tony led him down the hallway, Steve was couldn't do anything but follow him.
Still, it’s hell, the wait.
Steve doesn’t catch up quickly enough, but it’s an order, so he follows.
It’s like the universe shakes for a second.
“It’ll be a lot of work,’’ he said, almost challengingly, as if he expected Steve to back down.
again, but he doesn't ask. It doesn't matter, not really.
Tony waves his hand. “It’s fine. I was just...”
Vision. Wanda. T’Challa. James Buchanan Barnes.
Naturally, Tony has to talk about this with Peter. And naturally, it doesn’t go that well.
Steve’s hands curl into fists. “You shouldn’t be hiding these things from me either way.”
And then Thor comes running out of the woods, carrying Tony in his arms.
Thor doesn’t stop walking, but Steve has no problem matching his pace.
“I know it’s not that easy, but I want you, and I want my son. How we used to be.”
Back in the war, he’d sometimes dream of having an Omega to return home to. Someone special. Someone who’d be able to hold their own, but let Steve take care of them once in a while.
“Tony,” he whispers, and trails off.
He’s relieved the lab doesn’t have a lock, or he probably wouldn’t have seen him for at least another few days.
Steve wonders why he hasn’t seen this coming. “I know I hurt him. And I’m sorry, he knows that.”
“I’m seeing Doctor Linda now,” Steve says, trying for a smile.
Steve swallows. “Then... I’d give them as much space as they need.”
, Tony curses.
Peter’s with his best friend Ned, and Tony sent Pepper off for a wellness weekend, so it was only them and Rhodey.
Tony stares at him.
Pepper skillfully ignored him and rushed off to her next appointment, leaving Tony to scowl up at the golden ornaments on the tree that now stood in the entrance hall of the tower.
At first, he stands in the entrance hall of the Compound, not quite sure where to start searching. Then, he remembers that The Snap occurred during midday in Wakanda, meaning late morning in Washington.
It’s Steve’s last chance to, and suddenly it seems like he can never say it enough, even if he would be to stand there and repeat it over and over for the rest of his life.
“It would’ve died!” Tony protests, even though Steve hasn’t even said anything. “I found it on the alone side of the street and the weather’s so bad you know.”
Clint grinned. “Guess what? I left Thor in charge of the living room so I can do the rest of the tower!”
This time, there’s no Steve to stop him.
“But you still want to keep trying?”
(He doesn’t even know how to lead a conversation with his ex-husband, christ.)
Steve told him about happier times before the war, when Bucky would drag him along to Cony Island despite his health issues. He told him about their double dates and how out of place he’d always feel, as scrawny as he’d been.
After a while, Tony stepped back, sitting in one of the lounge chairs.
“Where’s Tony?” Peter asks again, voice small.
“Wait,” Thor complained. “I also require snacks.” He also got up and walked over to the poor kid that looked terrified at having three Avengers coming towards him at full speed.
A full-body tremor wrecks Peter’s body.
Steve can’t blame him. The poor guy came back to the Avengers torn apart and now one of them is dangling on a thread.
There was no coming back from that, now was there?
Tony’s invited him. Alone.
Christmas dinner was an awkward affair.
And suddenly, Tony can breathe again. “Me too.”
Steve’s eyes widened in happiness, and he leaned in to kiss Tony again.
And Tony was laying on top of him, with Steve’s arms carefully encircling his waist.
He turns around.
Rhodey nods and Steve hurries down the hall.
Tony watches him with what Steve hopes is concern in his eyes. “Remember when you used to drag me out of the lab and make me go to sleep? Yeah, I felt like that then, too.”
“Little late for that, don’t you think?” Tony asks calmly.
Tony was frozen for a second. “Hey! Wait for me!”
“Yeah,’’ Steve immediately said.
“I’m worried about him,” is what he says instead. “He’s different.”
Tony gets an MRI-Scan as soon as they arrive at the hospital. Steve refuses to leave his husband’s side, even though he doesn't understand a thing about what the doctors are hoping to do.
To: Stark, Tony, <
“Yeah, I am.”
, can you believe that? Just ‘cause he was trying to help people.”
The doctor explains it all to Steve, but Steve can barely continue to listen after that sentence.
Tony raises his eyebrows.
Meanwhile, Ross is talking on the screen, blissfully unaware of Steve’s inner struggle.
Tony’s eyes narrow. “Oh come on,
“Do you want to talk about what happened?”
Peter grimaces.
Tony flinched. He hadn't seen Natasha, who was already sitting at the oval table. He nodded and made a beeline for the coffee machine, hoping to chase away the last images of his dream that were still clinging to his mind.
A few weeks later, they’re ready for battle.
He apparently can’t bring himself to say it, and Steve can’t blame him.
Shuri nods and leads them down to a room in which Tony is laying on a metal spreader, clad in plain, grey pyjamas and all sorts of data running on the wall behind him.
“You should leave,” he tells Bruce, not unkindly.
Ross wants Tony to stay in Washington and help with the chaos. Tony says he needs to think about it, and suddenly there are consequences for him too, should he make the wrong decision.
“Do I need to punch him again?”
Peter doesn’t even pick up on the fact that Steve doesn’t believe him. “Come on, you have to try some of the cookies! Oh, and Pepper was so mad at Dad for making a mess in the kitchen, maybe if we’re fast enough we can watch her make him clean it up!”
and I can’t - ”
Tony runs at his eyes and tries to make sense of the time. It’s probably still morning; he never sleeps longer than one to two hours.
It wasn't anyone’s fault. The team couldn't have known Tony had taken Steve to see that exact same film on their first date, and bought out the entire theatre, which had made Steve so adorably flustered, even as he’d admonished Tony for wasting his money.
“Love you?” Steve supplied easily. “I do. I have for a long time.”
“Deal.”
She nods. “You can stay. The rest, please wait outside until we’re done.”
“You know what happened on this day.”
Distantly, Tony realized he was shaking.
He doesn’t want to do this. He really doesn’t want to do this.
But Tony just raises his eyebrows. “So I’ve been told.”
“I came here to apologize.”
He took a deep breath. “Look, Tony, you’ve been so kind to me the past few weeks, so I was wondering if you would like to come have some coffee with me.”
Steve had been the one to suggest this, even. After Tony was officially retired, he still ran himself ragged trying to help wherever the could. It killed Steve, to see the stress slowly but surely making Tony’s health worse. So he proposed this - retirement, together, on a rural island just off the coast of Scotland.
It’s awful. There’s no sign of discomfort or struggle on Tony’s face, and yet, watching him hover in that void between life and death is like hammer to Steve’s heart.
In the evening, they retreat to the exclusive hotel room Tony booked them for the night. They curl up in front of the TV with
Tony tries to smile reassuringly, but doubts that he’s doing that much of a good job, considering how out of his depth he’s feeling at doing this alone.
Tony gives him a run-down of the Accords, and ends with;
was lovely at this time of the year. At least, that’s what Pepper had told him, but she’d said it in an obnoxiously happy tone of voice that told him she thought nothing of it.
For all those months, Tony always felt like the cellphone Steve left him was mocking him. Because it wasn’t meant for Tony or even Peter. It was only a means of calling for help if the world was falling apart. It felt like Steve was laughing at him.
Also, the power would take another day to be fixed and Steve had used his best pleading puppy eyes on Tony.
Suddenly, Steve’s glad for Rhodey, Scott and Thor, because Tony would never call for help on his own.
He visits almost every day, for months.
Tony gasps -
… And you really …?”
“Would you like some more potatoes?” She asked lightly.
Tony cursed his teammate silently for pointing Steve to his hiding place.
Tony is grateful for the silence. It’s easier to accept what Steve’s doing for him.
Something close to panic built in Tony’s chest. He couldn’t listen to this, these words he’d longed to hear for so long. (Never like this, not when Steve was drugged and didn’t know what he was saying.)
So when they finally get the gauntlet off of the titans hands and Nebula keeps him occupied, Tony just forces the metal of Rhodey’s suit to bend around it. Then, he pushes his old friend towards Thor, yelling, “Hit him!” and the god blasts him into the sky with everything he’s got.
When he steps into the loud frenzy of a few dozen high schoolers and their parents, it takes him a while to find Peter and Tony. Tony hasn’t bothered to put on a disguise; he’s wearing sunglasses and a undoubtedly expensive suit, looking just as proud as Steve feels, who has a baseball cap covering his face. (He doesn’t know what would happen if people recognized him here, and this is about Peter, anyway.)
He and Tony communicate more often now. Whenever Tony is away on business trips, Steve takes care of Peter. Sometimes he even picks him up from school to get lunch, and calls ahead to let Tony know. Whenever Peter is particularly proud of something he’s built, he’ll drag Steve into the workshop and show him, without worrying about his parents seeing each other.
“I found out on a mission about two years ago.” He breathes in deeply, shoves the memories of Siberia away and keeps his voice collected and gentle for his son. “I didn’t tell Tony then. He found out in Siberia.”
“I’m so sorry I didn’t make it clearer, I just -”
“This is
(Steve’s been his boyfriend for too long for Tony work himself into a frenzy over minor things, so, being Tony Stark, he does it anyway.)
Steve!” Tony cried. “Help me, you team is being mean to me!”
Tony’s face scrunches up adorably. “Go back to sleep,” he murmurs drowsily.
He doesn’t get to see Peter’s reaction to that though, because right in that moment, Shuri enters the room.
“So I suggested adding an ice cream machine,” Tony said, gesturing to the table next to him.
(He’s been trying to drink less, because one day Peter had a minor freakout because he worried for Tony’s health - and that just wouldn’t do.)
Tony opened his mouth to tell her that no, he wouldn't be leaving New York again as abruptly as he had the last time, and stumble into his office, shaking and desperate for work to take his mind off of Steve. But it wasn't like he'd planned to do that last year either.
“Tony?”
But I can’t have your life on my hands.”
want the evening to be over already, but he also didn't want Tony to think that he was only here for
Steve turned to look at him, pleasant surprise coloring his features. “Yeah?”
Strange eyes him, calculatingly. “Take him,” he says briskly.
“The Other Guy still won’t listen to me,” Bruce murmurs.
where this is coming from, but it still hurts, and it hurts more than it probably should. “Peter -”
“You can let me go to that fundraiser,“ Tony snapped. He sighed and rubbed his temples. He knew she just wanted to help. But that almost made it worse; having to admit that there was something to be concerned about. “I just need some distraction, Pep, promise.”
Tony’s small smile told Steve how pleased Tony was, though outwardly he just shrugged and said, “Don’t worry about it. Making sure people can enjoy the best things about the future is basically my job. I could show you a lot more.”
Tony does his best to ignore it, push it - and Steve - away, because Steve deserves better than him and all his issues.
He needs Steve to help him. But he doesn’t know how to ask.
Tony snorts. “Didn’t look that hard to me. Would’ve taken you one more hit to end it.”
She was looking at him openly, patiently, even though she’d asked him that exact same question twelve months ago.
Tony waves his hand dismissively. “I know how you feel about these things, but you’re here anyway. Just making sure you don’t get eaten by the sharks on my watch.”
“He... told me I’m doing good with Peter.” Steve hesitates. “Despite, you know, having to do it alone.”
Steve startles and slams the door shut. Tony is raising an eyebrow at him.
He has to avert his eyes and stare at the ceiling, trying to push back tears.
The constricting feeling in his chest whenever he thinks of Steve begs to differ.
Well, Steve would feel better knowing that too.
He doesn’t say that to Bruce; the poor guy has more than enough on his plate. Tony tells him to get some rest and forget about him and Steve. They’ll still be able to work together, and that’s all that matters.
“Of course. No one knows the future better than you.”
Jesus, Tony thought. This was like watching a whimpering puppy that didn’t know how to help itself.
They’ve always held Peter when he was sick. Always.
Clint didn’t notice Natasha smiling at Steve but Steve knew she realised the effort he was making. Ever since he’d gotten back from Zemo’s caste, he found more and more things, in every aspect of his life, that he had yet to catch up on. He’d tried to search for which movie’s he’d missed on the internet, but the search results had been so overwhelming that he’d given up on making a list pretty quickly.
He wraps his arm around Peter, lets him lean on his chest and Strange immediately leaves through a portal that lets him see burning trees on the other side.
And, well, for all Tony cared, Steve might as well have given him a sleeping pill. He tried to focus on the screen - since focusing on his own thoughts was much worse - but it wasn’t any good. He never got art. There was something to it that others saw that he didn’t.
exactly happens, but it makes his heart slam in his chest like mad.
“You can adjust the focus here,” Tony explained. “And you can turn it whichever way you want.”
“Copy that,” Bucky says and Steve’s legs almost give out in relief. “As long as you tell us the whole story later.”
“You’re sick,” he repeats, because there’s nothing else he knows in that moment.
, it was pretty much impossible to hate him.
Shuri discharges him from the medbay a day later.
“It’s Steve’s turn,” she corrected him mildly.
“Hammer’s gone,” he observed mildly.
It’s dark and dusty when Steve walks into the lab. Everything is exactly how Tony left it; he was in the middle of upgrading Clint’s arrows when they were called out on that mission, and everything is still sprawled out on his workspace as if he’s been gone for a few hours rather than months.
“Our Captain would never suggest such a thing!” Thor protested.
Tony frowns and walks up to the bed, which is when he sees the glint of sweat on Peter’s skin.
If none other, Steve at least keeps this promise. After twenty-five minutes, FRIDAY pipes up quietly and announces that Steve Rogers is requesting entry.
Peter looks at him, wide-eyed. “I don’t have to do it! If you’re not okay with it, I won’t.”
Peter’s head snaps up. “What?”
(Cause yeah, why isn’t Steve here, why is Tony alone, why does have to be alone with his fifteen-year-old, sick son, he can’t even take care of
Peter deserved a relaxed day with his father, he shouldn’t have to -
New Year’s Eve is a peace offering if Steve’s ever seen one.
Steve’s side of the phone remains silent for so long that Tony is starting to accept the fact that Steve probably caught up with what he was really saying.
Tony chokes on a laugh, and the words spill out of him like a waterfall. “What’s ever
When Tony rushed past him, Steve started laughing.
“Yep.” Tony nods solemnly. “Shoulda seen the look ‘n his face this morning.”
Steve tugs him closer to his chest. “I love you.”
Neither Steve nor Tony answered him. They were both too busy staring at each other with shock and confusion in equal matter.
High blood pressure. Damages to veins and arteries. Weakening of his heart, and subsequently the shortness of breath and exhaustion.
They kind of go from there.
Tony snorted bitterly. “Yeah, as if I’d ever be the one walking away. I know you didn't really love me, no one ever does! That’s why I broke up with you before you could realise you made a mistake, and leave me like
“You’re getting more beautiful each day,” he says.
“What about that man - Barnes, was it? Rumor has it -”
Steve froze.
As soon as it passes, Tony’s up and acting like it didn’t even happen, and it feels like Steve’s chest is physically breaking in two.
Steve responds in kind, frames Tony’s face with his hands and moves against his lips ever so softly.
“Drink?” Rhodes supplies sharply. “Yes. More than I’ve ever seen him drink in the last year. Care to explain?”
“You heard her, Peter. Tony’s stable for now. You should get rest.”
Steve nods solemnly. “I will.”
The shockwave sends his attackers flying away from him, and Steve hurries to get on his feet and to Rhodey.
“Sweetheart, calm down. Whatever it is, I’m not gonna be mad.”
Steve nods; he always suspected Tony had a problem like this. Too much noise in his head, too much fear of waking up screaming if he did go to sleep.
Tony shrugged. “Course I am. I trust you.’’
In the morning, when Steve approaches him with a bashful expression on his face and asks if he’s free for dinner, it throws Tony in for a loop.
Steve sighs. He’s asked himself that question often enough, and the more he thinks about it, the less he can justify it, even in front of himself.
Tony breathes in deeply as he remembers. Peter won’t be home. He’ll be in the city to meet up with Steve.
Then:
Tony’s buried next to his mother. Steve made sure of that.
Around him, the chatter went on. Laughter, the clinking of cutlery against pottery; it all blurred together. Tony stared at the tree in the corner of the room and tried to quell the dread bubbling up inside him. He'd agreed to do this, insisted they invite the entire team, even, but now, the prospect of spending the whole evening in Steve’s proximity was daunting. He wished he could just resent the guy, just as most people did with their ex-partners, but Steve was so
But this time, it feels different.
Steve frowns.
Steve knows Tony is hurting as much as he is.
Steve knew he did, but it’s different, hearing it from the kid who’s been at Tony’s side when he wasn’t.
Steve takes a hesitant step towards them both. “Peter?”
“No,” Tony repeats, more insistently this time. “Fucked up. Can’t see St’ve.”
He knows he could ask FRIDAY about Pepper’s status, but it doesn’t feel right. Especially since he knows Pepper always hated it whenever he depended on his tech more than he needed to.
Tony’s eyes fixate on a point behind him, and he’s silent for so long Steve begins to think he isn’t going to get an answer.
“Don’t.” Tony cuts him off, bitter and cold.
“I’m not done yet,” Steve said, but couldn’t help smiling. “I’ll finish it later.” It was getting dark. “You mentioned something about stargazing?”
It doesn’t mean anything, really, he’s done workshop marathons more often than he was able to count. But now, Peter depends on him. The longer he takes, the longer Peter will be -
Because they aren’t like that. (Not anymore.)
Tony gives him a crooked smile. “Care for a dance, Captain?”
Six months after the crash, the team successfully traps him in the training room.
Dully, he notices that his wound has stopped hurting.
“So?” Steve asks, challengingly. “I need to be there when he wakes up.”
Steve reaches out and places a hand on Peter’s forehead. “How are you feeling?”
Steve knows that the kid’s most likely pushing through the confusion and would be going into panic any second if he didn’t get an answer to his question. But then again, answer to his question would probably do the same thing.
Steve shakes his head, because that, that’s even more unlikely than Tony forgiving him (if he could).
In conclusion, Tony was nursing a serious case of piss-poor mood.
Yeah, it can’t go on like this.
Tony sighs, and for all it’s worth, it sounds tired. “I’ve always had a weak heart, Steve. I didn’t think it was this serious.”
To “talk about things” he’d said. So that they could have a new start in the next year.
Tony flinches and drops his glass. Then he stares at the broken pieces.
He doesn’t want to to go through that again. He wants to turn around and push Steve’s existence away as best as possible. It hurts too fucking much to even consider another possibility.
Steve flinches. That was exactly what a part of him
“Thank you,” Steve breathes as soon as they’re in a quiet corner a few feet away from the crowd.
“I love you,” Steve chokes out. He gathers Tony into his hands and carries him down the stairs as fast as he dares to, murmuring reassurances, promises, begs.
He’d been nervous then too, but since he’d never been alone, it wasn’t as bad. Now though? Tony probably won’t even rescue him out of any awkward situations. It basically feels like preparing for his own execution.
Clint stared at him. “Man, you really got it bad, don't you?’’
Peter and Steve get out of the car.
“Yeah,” Steve replied darkly. “I’m sure you do.”
“Well, I thought it could… help, to see that the sky and the stars are still the same.” Tony’s legs were shifting restlessly, Steve noted.
It’s confused, as far as the soldiers are concerned, and shocked as for the rest of the Avengers.
“I was just...” He fidgets. “Looking at the, uh, apple juice.”
Peter pulls away from him, biting his lip in obvious worry.
He breaks down again, and it’s heartbreakingly easy for Steve to tug him away from Tony and out of the door, all the while Peter keeps pleading with him.
Once they were situated next to each other beneath the blankets, shoulders touching just barely, Steve began to talk.
“I...” He searches for the words to describe what he’s failed to justify to himself, and comes up with nothing. “Hasn’t Tony told you?”
“You agreed we would, last night.”
“I’m coming.”
Still, Steve feels awful coming back to the tower.
They spend the day in New York. Tony insists they take a look at the MoMA while they’re at it, even though Steve knows he finds it boring. Afterward, they take a little walk through a park until they eventually end up in a small, Italian restaurant in Brooklyn, where they’d been on their first first date as well.
Clint teases him about it; says he’s gone soft, that he’s no use to Tony like this. It’s supposed to make Steve mad and does the trick pretty quickly. As soon as Steve lets go and fights Clint for good, he gets into an adrenaline rush he hasn't experienced in months, letting go of his worry and focuses only on the task before him.
“Keep Peter safe.”
He breathes. “Steve.”
He’s not so relieved when he actually enters.
Steve bit his lip. It felt… out of place for him, as the Alpha, to be the one needing reassurance. But Tony Stark had been preaching equality since before they met, and they
“What are these?” Tony asked, nodding towards the papers.
God, if he ended up hurting Tony…
In fact, when Tony tries to get off the bed to find Peter some lighter blankets, a small, clammy hand grasps at his shirt and stops him.
“Better now th’t you’re here,” Peter answers, in that simple, innocent way of his.
Rhodey sighs, probably knowing as well as anyone else in the room that there was no arguing with Tony in that state. “Fine. But at least let me come with you.”
Tony smiles wryly. “You shouldn’t think like that, kid. You’ve got a right to see both of us.”
between the three of them.
Tony folds into himself as the sharp knife of loss once again strikes him in between the ribs, and his breath escapes him.
- drunk. You weren’t able to consent, that’s why I regret it.”
“I was worried about you,” Steve whispers.
“Mind if I turn on the TV then?”
Tony grinned. “Now that’s what I’m talking about, sunshine.’’
“He’s been in his forge since noon,” Thor announced, plunking down on the sofa so heavily Steve silently thanked the interior designer that had all of their furniture reinforced. Hulk followed him, holding a huge bowl containing all kinds of snacks, of which he’d already eaten half.
“You left,” he finally whispers, almost too quiet for Steve to hear. “And Mr. Stark, I mean Tony, he... He didn’t talk to me at first, see? But then he did, and I started to be around him more and- ”
“I know.” Steve hovers there for a moment, staring at the Compound with a strange look in his eyes before turning around and walking back to his car.
Tony isn’t quite sitting on the couch. He’s halfway slithered down to the ground, with his head lolled to the side.
The playful tone Tony had wanted to go ended up sounding more desperate than anything else.
As soon as Tony saw Clint with the giant cardboard box full of ornaments and lights, he left the room. Better yet, he left the floor altogether and went down to the gym to take his bad mood out on the boxing bag.
“I can’t sleep,” is what comes out of Steve’s mouth because apparently, sticking to safe topics is impossible for him.
“Okay,” Steve says, calmly. He’s not afraid of what Tony might mean; the days where lies and miscommunication threatened to tear their relationship apart are long gone now. He and Tony have both worked on being more open with each other. He trusts Tony, without question.
Steve goes and does the same thing, showers and puts on clean clothes, goes to find food and gets Bucky to update him on the rest of the team.
Steve has gone down on one knee, and is currently looking at him as if Tony is about to deliver his death sentence.
And Steve hates it, that Tony thinks he’s come here only for sex, hates that Tony wouldn’t even be talking to him if he was sober.
He used to wonder what he would do different, were he able to go back.
Steve stares, doesn’t dare to let himself hope -
(For all Steve knows, he’s Tony’s, and so, he
I didn’t seem like something that would ever happen to him, Steve Rogers, the slim, sickly boy from Brooklyn that was barely able to talk to a dame.
“It’s been two months, I think,” Steve’s husband answers, flatly. “It was just shortness of breath at first, but I’ve been feeling more exhausted the last couple of weeks.”
He heard her chair scrape across the tiles as she stood. She walked around the table and gave him a hug with one arm around his shoulders. He leaned into and felt her lips press against his hair for a split second.
He’d considered shutting Hammer down right then and there - there wasn't anything good that would come out of this, that much was obvious - but part of him was curious just how much of a bad idea would follow this. (And it was a distraction against the persistent worry about -)
Steve presses his nose into Tony’s hair. “I love you.”
He takes a shower and changes into clothes that don’t make him look like a homeless drug addict. Then he sits down in the kitchen to eat, which is where he encounters the limits of his strength for the day.
He just had time to order before a guy in a sleek, pearl white suit approached him.
Tony watches him openly, without judgment. “I know.”
Tony stumbled and caught himself with one hand on the thankfully cold stove. Steve was staring at him in horror.
Steve insists on taking Tony out on a date. A new first date.
Steve’s hand around Tony’s chest tightens its grip. “Nightmare,” he whispers. “I lost you.”
For Steve, it doesn't make a difference. Wherever Tony goes, he goes.
“Don’t get smart with me,” Tony warns her. “You didn’t have sex with someone who probably hates you now.”
at Tony Stark?
Tony tilts his head. “Awh, really? Wish she could’ve had more success with me. It must’ve been pretty frustrating.”
This time, it’s Steve who avoids his eyes. “Clint was just joking around. It’s... he didn’t mean it.”
It wasn’t at all like using one of the smaller versions of a telescope which Steve had used a couple of times in the war. At first, Steve found it a little disorienting, but with Tony’s directions, he got the hang of it pretty quickly. And he had to admit - the tower had an amazing view of Brooklyn and Queens.
“Yes we were. And no, his so called balcony can’t be there. The whole planet is a wasteland.”
He tensed.
Steve watches Peter with a wistful tug in his chest. He’s almost missed a whole year. First, seven months until the Accords were repealed, and then he was too much of a coward to be a part of the family again.
They both take a minute to breathe, and Steve’s eyes fly across the battlefield worriedly.
He was right, Steve realised. But that didn't change anything. It wasn’t like someone like Tony would ever want him back.
“Peter!” Tony then yells from the kitchen. “Come and help me!”
Now that he’s explained what’s going on, he expects Rhodey to get along with his plan of never, ever leaving the workshop again, but the man now seems even more insistent.
Three weeks after the crash, they move Tony into the MedBay.
It’s like Tony’s taken a wrong turn in his life and ended up in some corny romance movie, that’s how sappy it gets. But he doesn’t tell Steve that, because he can tell it makes him happy. And it makes Tony happy too, in a way he’s never felt before.
“But Steve Rogers would,” Steve retorted easily, teasing him right back.
“I’ll think about it,” is all Peter says.
Rhodey eyes him with a measuring stare. “You didn’t see him after Siberia. Or Peter. I know Tony invited you here, but just because he’s given you this, doesn’t mean you can take a mile.”
They wheel Tony into emergency surgery.
Thanos brought an army with him. They’d expected it, even prepared for it, with Natasha building an army of former SHIELD recruits, Wakandan warriors and everyone else she could get her hands on. Hell, they even found Clint and Scott.
“He disappeared,” Steve whispers, his fingers never wavering in their calm path across his back. “Didn’t he?”
“You’re a doctor, right?” Shuri says while scanning Tony, without even leaving looking up.
, it’s is one of the two things he was so sure about never experiencing in his life that he never even dared to dream of it; with the other one being peace.
Steve hesitated. He
Tony shook his head, felt his muscles shake under Steve’s fingers. “I just, I have commitment issues, and I couldn’t… It was so sudden.”
She immediately starts tapping away on her machinery, so of course Steve has no idea what any of those screens mean, if it’s good or bad, if Tony’s gonna come back to him and his face is
If only Steve’s stupid, naive heart had gotten the memo.
(His lungs constrict, thinking about how he brushed Steve off. But really, what was he supposed to do, after what they’d done to themselves?)
So he focuses on what he
“I know it’s not easy for you,“ Pepper went on, without acknowledging his deflection. “If there’s anything I can do -”
“Steve, what...?”
He does so anyway, because he owes her to do at least that.
Partly, because he doesn’t know what state he’ll find Tony in.
But then, in the evening , when they’re both laying in bed, sated and sweaty, that changes. Steve’s always found Tony beautiful when he’s relaxed like this, and tells him as much, just like he’s done a thousand times before.
Steve flinched. “What?”
Steve frowns. “Listen, I know the last few months have been hard for you...”
She waited, studying him, and Tony wondered if she was waiting for him to elaborate. But the images were still too raw for him to want to try and find words for them.
, he thinks, knowing he’d go face Thanos by himself if necessary.
And that was that - their conversation was over. Which probably should’ve given Steve some indication that something had gone wrong, but as it was, he was too busy feeling giddy to realise.
(Because the Avengers could’ve been a united front, instead of scattered across a few planets.)
Steve is still looking at the ground instead of him, which only makes Tony’s blood boil even more.
“Tony,” she greeted softly. “How are you?”
Nope, not going there.
( ... )
Somewhere above them, church bells were ringing.
Steve doesn’t know what to say to this kid, and before he can figure it out, the earth beneath them starts to shake.
Clint snickered. “Yeah, Bruce, why didn't you roast another Turkey?”
That warrants another bottle. Probably. Right? Definitely.
Tony clenched his hands as he felt them start to shake. “You’ve got to be kidding me,” he grid out through clenched teeth. “I’m not -”
Tony tried to swallow around the lump in his throat. “I’m glad we did,” he whispered.
Then, Colonel James Rhodes barges through the door like he’s on a mission to conquer the kitchen from Steve’s evil hands.
Tony is
They both decided to get their Crêpe with sugar and cinnamon, and the sweet taste added to the fuzzy feeling in his belly.
“Tomorrow,” Tony mumbled. “Okay. See you tomorrow.”
The scolding voice in his head sounded way too much like Pepper.
He didn't quite know how he ended up here, on this airport, which one of his decisions had been the definitive one, but it all felt inconsequential anyway.
Steve’s eyes are open, unguarded. “I’m sorry, Tony. I shouldn’t have asked.”
Bucky stares at him. Steve almost expects him to ask questions, but he merely says, “Then it’s probably not healthy for him to be sitting here the whole time.”
So, being a functional human seems to be off the table. Again.
Seconds later, Peter shuffles in through the door and falls onto the chair opposite Tony. In lieu of saying anything he grabs one of the bread rolls off of Tony’s plate and begins to rip it to pieces and put them in his mouth.
The rest of his team wasn’t thrilled to have him leave during Christmas, but Steve knew he had to be with his family.
Steve wants to ask Tony if he’s okay, but that didn’t work out so well last time.
His head was pounding, his throat was dry, and he struggled to remember how he’d went to bed, not to speak of how he’d gotten home in the first place. Then, he opened his eyes and saw Steve, sitting next to him,
“Yeah?”
It rouses Peter from the not-quite sleep he’d slipped into. “Wha... ?”
Steve feels his body tense. Sometimes, he hates Natasha’s ability to get under people’s skin so effortlessly, to speak truths nobody is ready to hear yet. Especially if it’s something as close to heart as this.
“It’s okay that you’re getting older, Tony. I would never think less of you for it.”
“It’s lovely, thank you.” Tony didn't even have to lie; though he’d grown up dining in Michelin Star restaurants, they never came close to a homemade dinner. And Bruce’s cooking reminded him of his -
Ever since Tony… fell, all of them have tried talking to him about Tony. But ever since that first time Natasha managed to corner him, he’s done his best to avoid these conversations.
In the workshop and in the Iron Man suit, in Armani and dirty shirts, the laugh lines around his eyes and the straining muscles on his arms.
For someone who now regretted it.
Steve barely has time to put his bags down before he’s got an armful of overly excited teenager.
Steve turned to the easel.
Swaying, he gets back on his feet, pushes Steve away and leaves the room.
“I know. I just -”
“You need to breathe, come on.”
“I love you too,” Tony replies, clearly much more awake than Steve, despite the
Peter raises his head and stares at him, like he’s seeing him for the first time. “Mr. .... Mr. America?”
Now Tony turned and frowned at him, trying to place the name and face, and barely suppressed his scowl when he realised where he knew the guy from.
“I’m not mad about your opinion on the Accords. We were both caught up in different circumstances, that’s not it.” Tony’s voice hardened again, into the kind of steel he always used in difficult conversations.
Clint, of course.
After a while, Bruce enters the room, but when Steve quietly gives him an update of Tony’s status, he turns a little green in the eyes and leaves.
The machine whirred to life.
(It’s only been a few weeks. Less than Tony sometimes left it to go on meetings.)
“Noooo,” Tony protests. “D’nt wanna see St’ve.”
Which, by all means, isn’t a lie. But his actual goal is to get access to a lab, any lab, in which he can busy his hands and his mind. To get all he horrible memories out of his head.
He had half a mind to have JARVIS call the elevator and leave.
So, forgetting unfortunately isn’t on the table, but he also can’t make himself look at Steve.
He felt Steve freeze.
And he couldn’t even say that he was regretting it.
Tony hadn’t mentioned it once so far, which Steve was glad for. At first, he hadn’t been sure if we was ready to paint right here, especially since the changed skyline of Brooklyn had been difficult for him to look at for a long time.
Soon enough, Tony felt Steve’s tongue and parted his lips eagerly, feeling more than hearing Steve’s groan as he licked into his mouth.
Tony bit back a sigh and indulged the forced attempt at conversation. It wasn’t Bruce’s fault, after all, that Steve and Tony couldn't look each other in the eye anymore.
. Why would he even look
Tony has failsafes for this exact scenario, built in after Steve woke up from one too many nightmares and
Peter’s eyes go as wide as saucers, and just a few seconds later, Steve has his son in his arms. “You came!”
“Watch the house for me, will you?”
It’s always
Which
It was true. Steve was swaying slightly back and forth, a faraway expression in his face, much like the one Tony had seen one too many times in the mirror.
, that’s the thing that haunted his nightmares last week. The fear of being left behind by himself again. By his own son,
Because the real Tony died in the Endgame he’d tried to warn them all about. And now Steve is talking to a ghost of his own mind.
. You can’t tell me you haven’t been thinking about it.”
“Steve,” Tony called softly. “Get back here.”
Tony charges.
“Sort of,” Steve says, failing to bring up a real explanation. “Tony asked me to look out for him.”
“Tony,” he says. His voice is so heavy that Tony doesn’t dare to interrupt him.
Tony shrugged, trying to pretend like that didn’t mean as much to him as it did.
But Peter’s suffering enough as it is. He shouldn’t have to worry about the little things too. Like Tony and Steve being unable to lead a conversation that doesn’t turn ugly.
Steve’s expression turns to stone. “Tony...”
The sunrise doused the whole room in warm light and Tony was close enough to see how the sun caught in Steve’s unfairly long lashes, how his skin started to glow and his blond hair was shining. Jesus. He’d always thought Steve was gorgeous, but this was something else entirely.
“Okay with this.”
The tree is towering over the mountain of presents under it, brightly decorated with ornaments in all colors and presents rice ranges. And, of course, real candles. Tony always insisted on them, even after one time a whole branch burned down because neither of them were paying attention.
“Oh dear,” Clint murmured.
He must have more difficulties to hide it than he normally does, because when they’re getting ready for bed, Tony turns to him and says “Stop looking like you’ve run over my nonexistent puppy.”
He blinks.
“Steve -” Tony started, but Steve didn’t even acknowledge he’d heard him.
“Don’t,” he rasps. “Please don’t say that.”
“I’m aware.” Steve sighs. It all seemed so easy on his way here; all he wanted was to make sure Tony wouldn’t need to be alone. And now, he doesn’t know what to say. As seems to be norm around Tony these days.
It was a long flight back home, and Tony hid in one of their storage spaces for almost three hours. It was arguably the longest three hours of his life, and not only because the floor wasn’t particularly comfortable.
Steve doesn’t realize how tightly he’s clenching the wine glass in his hands until a calm voice swiftly cuts in.
“I’m sorry, Steve” is the only thing Bruce says. His voice is wobbling, Steve realises. Out of all of his teammates, this is hitting Bruce the hardest.
Rhodey gently nudged him out of his thoughts. Tony came to with the whole room staring at him expectantly.
That makes Steve feel uncomfortably warm. The mention makes him remember their nights spent in bed, the way Tony felt under him, around him, the sound of the little gasps he’d make.
Steve does his best to smile. “Yeah.”
He’d tried to be a good father for Peter, to raise him alone and not let him get between Tony and Steve. But it was draining, and Tony knows he didn’t even do that good of a job as it is.
“You never called,” Tony whispers in lieu of responding to Steve’s apology.
She droned on about her studies at Yale, and Tony made sounds of agreement whenever he felt like he’d been silent for too long. His feet moved across the dance floor almost on their own accord; his feet followed the waltz with sheer muscle memory alone.
(They didn’t have the time to figure out something less risky, but Tony can practically see the pile of guilt growing in his chest.)
A few minutes later, the door opens.
Tony invited him over to the Compound for Christmas Day during that dance. Steve couldn’t even think of saying no, lost in Tony’s presence as he was.
But Tony shakes his head. “Didn’t I say talking sucks?”
Peter frowns at him. “‘S that bad?”
Steve left him his ring.
Steve wanted to say yes. He’d never been so sure of anything. But he still hadn’t found a way to tell Tony about his parents, and by now, keeping it from him felt more and more like betrayal.
Steve was, for the lack of better words, as high as a kite, and Tony knew he can’t put any of his own feelings on him in that condition, much less expect Steve to mean any of what he was saying. Not to mention that Steve was
Steve follows Peter up the stairs towards the common area, trying his best to listen to his son’s breathless ramble. By the time they reach the living room, where a massive tree stretches all the way to the ceiling, Steve’s caught up on pretty much everything that happened in the morning.
Just last evening,
“I know I did,” he says heavily. “And I’m sorry. I’m going to tell him that, I promise.”
Tony was already shaking his head, but Steve went on anyway.
He smiles through Peter’s story though, because his son doesn’t deserve any of this.
Steve stared at them. “What’s going on here? And why’s the tree downstairs so big?”
“How are you feeling?”
Even though they’re on speaking terms now, it isn’t his place to intervene anymore. He can’t even really justify to himself that he’s on his way to the Compound. Tony will be even more unstable than he was all the years prior, and Steve can’t stay away, even though it’s his fault.
Tony has to cover up his flinch.
jokes anymore.
“Hey buddy.”
“From Germany,” Steve says. “We had a moment to talk. He seemed like a lovely kid.”
There was a slight flush to Tony’s cheeks, and he was looking at him with such hope and joy in his eyes that Steve felt his chest go tight.
“I found out Barnes killed my parents, and Steve’s known the whole time. I tried to kill Barnes.” He smiles wryly. “Kind of ruined all the trust we might’ve had.”
He wants his teammates back; his
“He was.” Tony fights down the lump in his throat. “He- When he got his powers, he was running around in a onesie. A
He’s glad for the fact that he doesn’t have east access to alcohol here in Wakanda, because knowing himself, he’d already be drunk if he did.
Clint attempts to talk to him, calm him down.
Afterwards, there’s silence.
The doctor just nods. For all that Tony’s reassured Steve that he’s one of the best in America, his mask of professionalism gives nothing away.
made Tony feel uncomfortably hot, thank you very much.
“Good morning,” Steve murmurs and draws him closer.
He remains sitting there, fighting against his anxiety for a good hour or so, continuously tethering on the edge of breaking down for good.
Seriously, how had he been supposed to resist?
Steve freezes when Tony walks in.
Tony makes his way towards the refrigerator when Steve says, “Who’s Peter?”
When he did it the first time at a party for the Maria Stark Foundation, he’d been watching Tony get more and more closed off during an argument with a female Alpha, and when she laid a hand on his shoulder, Steve wasn't able to help himself. He put himself between Tony and the woman, a low warning growl rumbling in his throat.
“You have to promise me something.”
“I think,” Tony said, still taken aback. For some reason, Hammer’s words sounded like they were reaching him through a thick blanket. “My answer will be no. Jesus, have you at all paid attention to Stark Industries in the last two years?”
Tony stared at him. “What.”
Tony smiles. “Yeah. I’ll have to keep Hammer from offering him jobs soon.”
(Tony forces Peter’s voice out of his head for now, and consequently feels even worse.)
Tony smiles sadly. “Yeah. I know it was.”
“Steve,” Tony said sharply. “Don’t.”
It’s Tony’s 68th birthday, and Steve never leaves Tony’s side.
Here, there’s so meeting and no monsters (most of the time). All they have to do is be, and take care of their sheep.
Tony paid for their meal. Steve let him without protest; he was still adjusting to the changes in society, but the almost unspoken rule of the Alpha paying for everything had always seemed ridiculous even for him.
Tony frowned at the snippy reply, even as he complied and tugged off his socks, pants and jacket. Sure, he’d made a joke but he did that all the time. Why did this one seemed to bother Steve so much, he couldn’t explain.
“This is why I don’t go outside when I’m here,” Tony mumbled.
“We shouldn’t listen to this,” he says quietly.
“But I just, just had to make sure everything’s okay,” Steve finishes weakly. “I didn’t want to show up unannounced, but...”
“I know.” Steve fidgets for a moment. “I just want -”
“Tony?”
Steve sighs, and hell, Tony could’ve recognized that guilty expression anywhere.
Steve blinks at him.
Tony tensed and opened his eyes, then it all came rushing back to him.
. Tony thinks.
Steve forces himself to come back to reality, where his husband is talking himself into a frenzy.
Tony scowled. Fine, he’d had a rich childhood, by that didn’t warrant that much of a shocked expression. “I didn’t have a lot of friends Steve. And Dad wouldn’t have -” He came to a halt, realizing Steve probably didn’t want to know that his wartime friend turned out to be a grade A asshole.
The first few bombs hit Thanos effortlessly, with Tony flying in a safe distance, but then the titan lunges after him - fucking hell, Tony didn’t even know he was able to run - and gets a hand around Tony’s left leg.
But he’s not that young, and Steve means so much more to him than a short fling.
“You’re not so bad yourself, handsome,” Tony quips, because that’s what he
“Go to sleep, Tony,” he says softly. “We don’t have any leads yet. There will still be time to finish your suit after you’ve rested.”
“Well, seems like HYDRA fucked up,” Tony said dryly.
After a few minutes, he hears footsteps behind him.
“How are you? How’s Paris?”
Clint grumbled, complaining about how Steve’s usual choices (anything that was at least 50 years old).
And, honestly, Tony’s all for getting as far away from Ross as physically possible, but that also means he gets to sit out several hours in their Quinjet next to Steve.
It happens suddenly, and without warning.
For a second, he considered going after Clint and ripping all the decorations off, but considering that he wasn’t planning to be at the tower during Christmas anyway, it seemed like too much of a struggle.
Steve moved back a little, but didn't back down. “And you said you were scared I didn't mean it, last Christmas. That’s why you left.”
“Now you just sound like Pepper.”
Natasha rolled her eyes. “I think we can be glad none of you got doused with that stuff.”
“It would’ve been better than this,” Steve fires back.
But he knows Tony’s hurting, and Tony’s now accepting his comfort instead of flinching away.
The first time Peter spends the day with Steve and the others, Tony drives him there because he can tell how nervous Peter is, and proceeds to spend the rest of the day feeling like complete and utter shit, while trying not to think about the people he used to love and trust making Peter laugh. It gets so bad that Rhodey has him sitting down on the couch and do breathing exercises.
“Good morning Tony.”
Steve knows she doesn't match him in physical strength, but she’s never let that stop her, and he doesn't want to start a fight. Not in front of Tony.
When they called a cab for their ride back, Steve opened the door for Tony without even thinking about it. He froze when he realised what he was doing, but Tony laid a hand on his arm and squeezed lightly. “You’re good.’’
Steve sighs and gathers Peter into his arms again.
After some time, he heard Tony get off the chair and walk up to him.
Tony sighed, trying to keep his mood from
Ever since Steve got to know Tony better, the 16th of December has loomed before them like a dark, stormy cloud. Steve always offered his comfort wherever he could and made sure Tony didn’t self-destruct too much.
He looks over to the table, where a big construction is build up that vaguely reminds him of the huge cranes in a harbor.
Con: He would know. As soon as he lands in Washington, he would know whether Pepper lived or died. Whether he at least still has his best friend.
He let himself fall onto his workshop couch and tried to relax in the blessed silence. After dinner, Natasha had suggested playing Poker, which lead to quite a tense competition between her and Clint that Tony had had to cut short, as Bruce had been looking on increasingly nervously. They had decided on watching a movie afterwards, and even though Tony had taken the opposite side of the couch, he had still felt Steve’s presence, just as tense and uncomfortable as he was.
And they do.
Bruce frowns. “What?”
how Tony expected his day to go.
A few seconds later, he was following Steve down the mountain. Laying face-down on the cardboard, he picked up speed a lot fast than Steve did and caught up with him effortlessly.
Tony tenses. “Steve,” he chokes out, and can’t help the words tumbling out of his mouth. “He was with me on that ship and I didn’t... I brought him to Titan.”
It should feel wrong, after two years.
“We have to kill Thanos,” Tony says, and his voice doesn’t tremble, it
Tony frowns at the lack of talkativeness from his kid. “You okay?”
“Isn’t it?”
“Okay,” Steve whispered, and Tony felt him climb onto the bed on the other side, the one near the door, which Steve had insisted he take when it used to be
Steve tolled his eyes, but didn’t look annoyed. “Would you set the table, please?”
As if Tony didn’t already know Steve would give his life, and more, without hesitating.
He took a sharp breath. It was him. It was all him.
, a small voice in his head whispered, which Tony pointedly ignored. They were doing this to escape Christmas goddammit.)
Tony lightly nudges his son until he untangles himself from his father’s side and turns towards Steve.
As soon as they left the conference room, Tony grabbed his arm.
Tony looks at him, calmly and full of love.
“It’s gonna be okay baby, you just need to rest a little bit.”
“No, really,” Steve pressed. “Back in the war, we didn’t... we didn’t have these kinds of opportunities. The most exciting thing we ever did was go sledding in the parks. And we didn’t even have real sleighs.”
He wakes up in what must be a medical center, with machines attached to him that he doesn’t recognize, and architecture that doesn’t make sense to him either.
He does his best to smile down at his that’s already been through enough. “I think you’re getting sick, kiddo.”
Eight months after the crash, Steve finally goes into Tony’s workshop.
Tony’s throat constricts.
He didn’t have much to say to them, so he mostly listened.
As soon as he’s relatively sure his stomach won’t start rebelling again, he heads for the lab.
” Steve echoed incredulously. “Tony, I didn’t… I thought you left because you didn't like me anymore.”
“It’s been fifteen minutes Tony.”
Tony supposed Steve’s cluelessness really wasn’t that much of a surprise, considering how many years of pop culture he was missing, and felt a little bad for forgetting the fact. “Don’t worry, it’s a good movie. Or so I’m told.”
At first, Steve hadn’t been able to talk. There was a weight as heavy as a boulder on his chest, and the only sound he was able to make were small, choked off sobs.
“This is
Steve knows Tony’s probably lost people too. But the haunted look in his eyes tells of more than that.
“Or in space,” Steve finishes for him, gently. “Whatever.”
The sheets are plain white, the hospital bed a pale grey. There’s a monitor above Tony’s head, displaying heart rate, blood pressure, and lots of other data Steve doesn't understand. Tony has an IV in his arm and a tube down his throat, and there’s way more cables and equipment attached to Tony’s body than Steve would ever know what to do with. It’s as if Steve’s husband is gone, and a pale, helpless version of him is now lying in this bed, so dangerously close to the edge.
And this was so, so important. It made him nervous to the point where, when Tony met him in front of the elevators, Tony immediately frowned at him.
Pro: His bar at the compound was stacked up. Stacked up well.
Tony’s standing in his workshop, waving the empty glass in his hands at one of his robots when Steve enters.
“Then we’ll go tomorrow. Don’t try to get it out of this!”
Then, Ross asks Rhodey where the Rogue Avengers are. Tony’s our of the loop on this one, knows something’s happened while he was away, and has to stay silent. Rhodey says he doesn’t know, that they left again, and Ross informs him if the fact that there will be consequences for him to face.
But that’s just what he got for breaking up on Christmas day, he supposed.
“Don’t say that,” Steve snaps.
But Peter shakes his head frantically. “No, no I can’t go,
“I just know that I’m sorry,” Steve whispers.
escaped Steve’s mouth as Tony stared to suck and nibble on his skin.
Steve pushed his shoulders back and stared the other Alpha down.
Tony puts on some jeans and a Black Sabbath shirt, and wearily makes his way down to the kitchen, hoping he wouldn’t run into anyone before he’s had the chance to grab some coffee.
A long, heavy silence stretches between them.
They stare at each other for a moment. Then, Natasha’s shoulders fall. Without a word, the doors open and Steve is pushing past her, Clint and Bruce, already on his way to Tony’s room.
People move out of their way, and Steve can’t blame them with the way Peter’s voice breaks and dissolves into sobs.
Rhodes snorts. “Oh yeah, he’s told me alright. As much as he could, considering he was seconds away from passing out.”
The doctor has Tony describe what happened, who does as he’s asked without hesitation.
He doesn’t even know where they are exactly; everything’s been a blur since he saw Thor carry Tony out of the woods.
“Do you think he’s... okay?” Clint asked cautiously.
The truth of his own words hurt.
Tony has him drink some tea and then curl into the bed again, carefully placing one of the cold towels on his forehead. It doesn’t seem to do much good though; in fact, Peter’s slipping more and more into delirium by the time Tony lets him lie down again.
Which means it’s still Saturday, and Peter will be -
He releases his son’s curls and Peter immediately disappears under his blanket.
“You’re like hot chocolate,” Steve repeated, as if that made perfect sense. “You make me feel all warm and happy inside.”
Dinner is a silent affair. Rhodey is eyeing them both with a watchful gaze, and Steve doesn’t quite know what to do with himself. The absence of the other team members is almost tangible, though Steve understands that Tony doesn’t want them here yet. He’s glad Tony’s ready to talk to him at least.
And Steve holds him, for the entire night.
He turns until he’s facing Steve, and kisses him.
Steve places the flowers on the little table next to Tony’s bed and drags a chair to Tony’s side.
Steve definitely looks more concerned now; there’s an old trace of that caring, pained expression in his face that he always had on Tony’s bad days.
“Hey,” Tony whispered carefully.
She only raises her eyebrows, and Steve knows she doesn’t believe him.
Tony shrugs and avoids his eyes.
“Tell him,” Rhodes repeats. “Because all he thinks right now is that you hate him.”
(At night, Tony will wordlessly slip under the covers with him, his eyes wide and haunted, and Steve will wrap his arms around him and pull him close.)
Clint opened his mouth to ask, but Tony pushed past him before he could even eat a word out.
Tony smirked. “Shall we go?“
Tony flinched. “I love you too. I’m sorry, oh god, I’m so -”
He doesn’t need to climb the stairs to the second floor.
what if you didn’t make that first punch in Siberia, maybe none of this would’ve happened.)
“Uh,” Tony said intelligently. “Please tell me we didn’t.”
Tony doesn’t want to sleep.
“No. He’s... He’s not well. I know that. He shouldn’t be up there in Washington by himself.”
He hasn’t moved for at least an hour, ever since Tony got his coffee and left.
Tony frowned. “Where are you going?”
This time, there was no hesitation, no carefulness, and most importantly, Steve responded to Tony’s kisses.
But Nick Fury rolled his eyes, as if this also was a typical Thursday afternoon for him.
“I’m not helpless, there’s no need to pity me Steve,” Rhodey says mildly. “Now, Tony however is a different story.”
Tony felt someone’s eyes on him and met Natasha’s gaze, who was watching him as though he was a puzzle she was working on solving.
Tony snorts. “To what? Join Cap in a motivational speech?”
“It’s impressive,” Bruce says. “The whole suit, I mean.”
Steve Rogers loves Tony Stark.
He sounds confused. A little concerned, maybe.
Steve did insist on bringing Tony to his bedroom, which he absolutely had no problem with. He’d missed Steve. He’d missed having someone next to him when he went to bed.
No, that wasn't it. That wasn't it at all. Steve’d lost too many people he loved in the field, and was terrified of losing Tony, too. But he had to be the team leader first and foremost. Often enough, they didn't need to have that fight, because Steve had had no choice anyway.
But this is what he gets to do now - steal all these happy moments with the love of his life without having to worry about collateral damage.
To his own surprise, Tony did mind the ending that much; it was to be expected from a commercial film after all.
Their table was empty. Huh.
His mind was on Steve.
Steve was looking at him with wide eyes, and Tony saw the overwhelming desire in them as clear as glass. Steve bit his lip. “I haven’t even... We haven’t even had a date yet.”
“Drawing you,” Steve confirmed. “Because I love you, and even though you’d made it pretty clear you wanted nothin’ more to do with me, I couldn't let you go.”
It kind of feels that way now, though. With how ridiculous everything seemed just two years later, when both of them was facing Thanos alone.
They have nurses going in and out of the tower on a daily basis. They check on the machines keeping Tony alive and give him medicine through injections, but that’s where Steve draws the line. He learns how to feed Tony through the tube, how to change IV’s. He washes Tony every morning, changes his clothes and has an eye on his vitals every moment of the day.
Back in the private floors of the tower, Tony certainly didn't waste time.
He cuts himself off, though. Saying that wouldn’t be fair to either of them.
Steve stared at the ice cream that the machine was holding out to him, then at Tony.
Peter stares at him for a second longer, then all he anger seems to bleed out of him and his shoulders slump.
The Colonel greets him at the door. He doesn’t look angry or surprised. Just tired, if anything.
All he knows is that somewhere in this building, Tony is fighting for his life and Steve might never get to ask all of the questions that are burning on his tongue.
If he did, everything would come rushing back. Last night as well as the years they’d had together before the Accords blew it all to hell.
The Alpha growled and postured, as if Tony had any kind of obligation to submit to him. It’s what finally made Steve’s self-control snap. Even though he
“Come on, I’m waiting for my New Year’s kiss.”
Tony frowned, one hand clenching in Steve’s shirt as Steve made a move to follow Hammer into the crowd.
Stark snorted. “Fine. I’m gonna turn the tower into a hotel. Whatever.’’
And honestly, he didn’t mean to fall asleep like that, it just sort of happened.
. Follow my rhythm.”
He knows it’s Tony’s anxiety, but he’s not sure how to address it. Not anymore.
Steve knows what his old friend is trying to do, but finds it hard to care. He’s right, after all, and Steve made a promise.
It takes a few minutes for him to find his way around, but after that, he’s completely immersed in his work. At the back of his mind, he cant ever forget that this new version of his suit has to be better, that much better than anything else he’s ever created.
Steve knows he shouldn’t, but Bucky’s been taken from him, and he’s not about to let Tony go, too. “Are you okay?”
Steve looked back at him in surprise, and then they were kissing again.
“Yeah,” Bruce adds, concerned. “Since when does Tony care about Ross’ opinion?”
This time, Tony manages to get the bitterness into his voice. “Yeah, sure. Tell them I’ll miss the family get-together.”
At least, that was what it felt like. In reality, he was sitting on the couch in the communal living room, fighting with the urge to give in to drinking. When Steve sat down next to him, Tony was staring longingly at the liquor cupboard in the kitchen.
Tony shrugs, as if it doesn’t matter to him. “Sure. How’s retirement treating you?”
Tony felt a headache build behind his eyes. It’s not like isn’t used to the team banter, but usually, they have Sam with them to diffuse any real fights.
Tony frowned, fighting through the fuzzy memories. “Huh. I knew he was an asshole.”
Steve doesn’t call him out on it though. They finish the snowman and Steve makes him some hot chocolate while Peter looks at him with hurt in his eyes.
“It’s beautiful,” he said, eyes fixed on Steve’s painting.
He didn't know what he was supposed to do as the Alpha here, but Tony had never fit into any expectations anyway.
“Two months, Tony,” is what, after a few minutes, finally comes out of Steve’s mouth. “Why?”
Walking into the living room, like every morning, Steve is struck by how much luck he he’s had.
“I’m not leaving him,” Peter says immediately.
Then, Tony takes Steve’s hand in his. “Do you remember when I told you about the palladium poisoning?”
Steve arrives just as the sun is beginning to set in Washington.
Tony had said, honestly, he’s married to a complete moron.)
And, well, for someone who’s last seen them during the mess with Ultron, when Steve still trusted him, even after he’s made mistakes... It probably is hard to believe, Tony guesses. (And wishes it wasn’t so easy to believe for himself.)
? But Steve knew him better than that. Knew him better than anyone.
He’s alone. More so than he’s ever been in his entire life, save from being frozen in the Arctic sea. He’s alone in this room, with no-one except the clock keeping him company. And he’s alone in his heart. The place where usually Tony’s presence is, as sure and sturdy as his shield, is empty.
The mantra’s still stuck in his head when he finally manages to wake himself up.
“I missed you.”
He doesn’t know how much time has passed when Bruce enters his borrowed lab.
Tony groans.
“I said back off,’’ Steve repeated lowly.
Steve pushes past her and hurries to the garage. His eyes are burning with tears.
He’s terrified, and he misses Steve so much it feels like there shouldn’t be any more room in his heart for the loneliness.
Steve looks up abruptly. “No! I mean, he initiated it, but I know that I shouldn’t have let it happen anyhow. He was drunk.”
“It’s okay,” said Steve, in the exact moment that Tony blurted, “What do you mean, date?”
Tony’s standing in the doorway, his entire body frozen the second he meets Steve’s eyes.
He contemplates just hiding in his room and have Rhodey make the Captain leave, but his pride refuses, so after half an hour of contemplation, he finally drags himself into a standing position.
In truth, Steve knew his way around the most well known constellations, but he’d only ever seen them with his naked eyes. And besides, he loved watching Tony enthusiastically position the telescope for him to show him the night sky.
Ever since they separated in Siberia, Steve’s only seen him once: when he stumbled out of that alien ship and lost consciousness. Bleeding out on the ground.
“Oh, hey Tony.”
Tony nods and doesn’t elaborate.
“Dummy,” he says hollowly.
having a breakdown. “If we don’t have a living room by the end of the day, it’s your fault.”
“Get me a drink. Some actual whiskey, this time.”
Tony looks down to where their hands are touching. “I was terrified, back then.”
He shakes himself out of his thoughts to focus on Tony. “Yeah?”
“Goddamnit Steve!” Tony exclaims. He let’s go of the table and walks towards Steve, until they’re a mere meter apart. “We haven’t seen each other in two years! So stop pretending to care!”
He doesn’t really know how to feel about the last name. The bitterness Siberia has left in him is still as cold as it was back then. And, as it is, there’s too much pain inside his mind to be feeling anything else.
Tony doesn’t think the alcohol outweighs the cons of this trip. Which is a first in a long, long time.
Steve takes a step forward, but Tony whips around so fast it makes him stop dead in his tracks.
His heart sinks.
“I think that’s my cue to leave, gentlemen,” he said with a blinding smile. “Would be a shame to let such a dance go to waste.”
She sighs. “Steve, you’ve only been here for an hour. And before that, you were in there for three days.”
Peter and Steve both jump to their feet.
“See?” He heard Hammer’s voice, which was way too eager for someone facing an angry Steve Rogers. “He’s fine.”
“I know I shouldn’t have let him hear that,” Steve says quietly. “I’m sorry.”
Tony watches his retreating form wearily, then breathes in deeply and turns to meet Steve’s eyes.
A lovely pink flush dusted Tony’s cheeks. “Well, I uh, I’m glad. I’ll give you some space. You take as long as you need.”
Warmth settled around him.
Now that Tony’s unconscious, it seems like the words that were once so hard to come by have always been right in from of him.
“I’m not scared, Steve.”
He freezes.
His house is quite big, he’s living in the suburbs of Washington, far away from the busy humming of the city, and it makes him feel restless. He knows it’s because he doesn’t have as much to do as he used to, before his retirement. Occasionally, he still drives by the Compound to oversee the training of the new Avengers, but he forbids himself from doing it too often. He’s retired for a reason, after all.
Tony’s eyes are still open - thank god for that - and he’s staring at Steve while taking rapid, uneven breaths.
Steve’s nervous. Steve isn’t nervous around him anymore. Careful and attentive as he’s always been, yes, but never nervous.
There’s a bit of awkward shuffling, because Steve’s trying to tug Peter into his arms, but his movements are stiff and unsure.
There’s never been a time when Steve didn’t ask Tony to dance.
(But that’s also an old Stark tradition. Pretending not to care. And it’s never worked out well.)
“Pete?”
Steve stares at him. It takes a while for him to understand what Tony means, and then a few seconds more to realize why he’s assuming Steve is going to remove him from the team.
Nebula insisted; some bullshit about how Strange has given up the stone for him, so obviously he must be an essential part in killing the Mad Titan.
Not today, though. He’s got a visitor.
The drive back home is silent, for the most part.
Steve wonders what he’s supposed to call home now.
“The world is facing a bigger threat than ever before, and we have yet to see the Avengers do something about it.”
, Steve doesn’t want to leave Tony either. But he has to be the adult, the responsible one, and he’s been in this job for way too long.
(Sometimes, they will trade leisure kisses, apologies and promises they can’t keep.)
Finally, Peter settles on one simple question. “Why?”
The robot whirrs, in what almost sounds like distress.
When Tony walked into the workshop a few hours later, he could feel exhaustion pulling at his bones.
Tony chuckles dryly. “See, that’s where you’re wrong. I already had one, it’s just coming back for a bonus round.”
“And I know I’ve made mistakes. I know I hurt you.”
Peter tenses anyhow. “You don’t understand,” he says, still quietly, but with an edge to his voice. “Tony needs me, I can’t just,
room.
Peter inhales sharply, and it seems like the words are tumbling right out of his mouth. “Tony, he- I screwed up a mission, once, and he told me that if I died, he’d feel responsible.”
Tony involuntarily let out a breathy
Steve shakes his head. “She said she liked your sessions, actually.”
Actually, Tony muses, he fits right in.
“Cap.” With an almost mockingly polite nod, Tony walks past him, to the cupboards.
It’s like he cut bonds holding Steve back, because as soon as the last word leaves his mouth, he’s stumbling into the room, to the other side of the bed, where he crouches so he’s eye-level with Peter.
“Tony.” Rhodey gently places a hand on his shoulder.
, and the snowy forest outside was covered in darkness too.
Of course, nothing bad was going to happen to Peter. Tony was just -
“Oh hell no,” Clint mumbled, climbing out of his seat.
“You’re cold too,” Tony responded, matter-of-factly. “I know I can be an ass but I don’t mind if we share.”
“Tony?” Steve asks, again. More urgently now. “Is something wrong? Is... Is it Peter?”
Which is ridiculous. He’s been dealing with this on his own for more than two years, and he’s ought to be over it by now.
Tony smiles sadly. “Yeah. Now get in.”
Tony doesn’t reprimand, or even yell at him.
Tony goes back to working on his suit, but his thoughts are drifting, and he can’t stop it.
“Tony?” Steve whispers, afraid that Tony wouldn’t wake up, and afraid of what would happen if he did. “Sweetheart? Can you hear me?”
“Uhm,” Clint said, “why does only Steve get an ice cream machine? I exist, you know, and I - Ouch, Nat, what was that for?”
As it turned out,
“I know how you feel.” Because he does, he really does. “But Tony wouldn’t want you to do this.”
When Tony wakes up, Steve’s gone.
He didn’t even remember feeling sleepy, much less falling asleep
“Nope!” Tony exclaimed, then turned around to bolt out the door.
(Even though his heart was screaming and there was an empty void in front of him whenever he imagined a life without his husband.)
God, he tries.
Tony didn’t bring up his promise for the next few days. Long enough that Steve was beginning to think he wasn’t taking this whole thing as seriously as Steve had meant it.
Steve. Steve’s holding him by the shoulders.
He can’t.
(They haven’t talked about this in years.)
Consequently, when they get back to Wakanda, he decides on the Tony Stark thing to do and flees.
Steve held it out to him. Tony opened it, still nervous and confused.
, because there’s nothing he can really do; the fear won’t even let him move his mouth to talk.
He used to be able to deal with Tony’s moods. He used to be able to help him.
Steve listens as closely as he can, but he also tries to drown the words out.
His words are only slightly slurred, but slurred nonetheless.
But anyway, compared to what happens after that, it was definitely going well.
“Is this normal? 'Cause I’m pretty sure you once told me it’s definitely not.”
“Wait here.” Steve squeezed his arm and hurried out of the room.
playing until Tony falls asleep on him.
Steve simply shakes his head. He hadn’t - that hadn’t been his intent at all. He needed to tell Tony how sorry he was, how he’d never meant to hurt him. And since he hadn’t been brave enough to call, he’d sent the letter instead, knowing he had to do
Then, a tall man in a red cape walks through the portal, practically carrying a young boy with him. And Steve has to do a double take, because it’s been two years since he’s seen any version of that suit, but the spider on his chest leaves no doubt to who it is.
