"No, I don't think so. He's still enough angel that he can't possess people like a demon, he needs their consent. So he still doesn't have a vessel," Bobby said and slammed a book shut for emphasis. "I think we'll know when he does."
"If Sam had stayed dead, you might still be trapped by some right-wing religious nuts," Dean said, pointedly. Tessa made a face but didn't argue. "Look, did you mean it when you said you owed him a favor for setting you free?"
"I didn't," Dean said. He crossed his arms, because the idea didn't sit comfortable. That made his shoulder twinge again, and now it irked him enough that he unbuttoned his shirt enough to pull it over his shoulder and then hitched up the sleeve of his undershirt to get a look at what felt like a scabbed-over burnmark.
Cas said and peered down at his untouched cup. "A hopeless venture, at most."
"You mean the Apocalypse," Bobby said. He sounded resigned.
"Jesus," Sam said. Before he knew it, his knees had given out, but not before Dean had herded him to the ratty living room couch where he could sit down. "How?"
Understanding dawned. “Sounds like a sin of the highest order,” Dean said, slowly. The shimmering air seemed to vibrate with a high-pitched whine now, and Dean knew time was short. “Doesn’t sound like something that will redeem a soul.”
"Depends on who's asking," Dean said, with what he hoped was a winning smile. Judging by the unimpressed look he got in response, it wasn't. "Yeah, we are."
"Well, okay," Dean said and threw his hands up. Silently he had to concede Sam's point; they were fresh out of other options. Come midnight, Dean was going to be Hell's bitch unless they could kill Lilith. "But don't come crying to me when she double-crosses you!"
"Morning, sunshine," Dean said. The man had long, fair hair that had been darkened by water, and dripped morosely over his shoulders, and when he looked up at Dean, he resembled nothing so much as a drowned rat. Dean flicked the very last of the water in the bucket right into his face.
to me. He can only haunt my dreams. He– he really wants me to say yes."
Dean follows the man to his car – it’s a beat-up old Zephyr, nothing special. The man pulls out a bottle of whiskey from the back and takes a swig of it before he offers it to Dean. Dean drinks, deeply aware of the tension thrumming between them, before he hands it back.
Leah, still with Jane in her arms, shook her head. "I'm sorry," she said again. "Something– something is clouding my vision, I–" She broke off on a sudden, high-pitched inhale and stepped back. She put the back of her hand to her forehead and said, with a wavering voice. "Oh, there's–I can see something now, I–"
CROSSROADS DEMON (sarcastically)
"They thought that I held sway over you," Cas said. They were standing in a cornfield somewhere — Iowa, Dean assumed, just because it was a cornfield. The wind was rustling the dry stalks. "That because you had touched me, I could touch you in turn, and convince you of the righteous path."
But it had been. That Dean could remember without even trying. Teeth piercing his flesh and producing rivers of too-hot blood, claws ripping his skin open, spilling out his innards. He shivered and pressed his fingers into his cheeks hard enough to leave white indents behind.
"Your eyes," Jo said, looking intently back at him, fists up protectively, with the stake clutched in one of them. "You're not a demon."
"Hell," Dean said.
SAM shakes his head, shrugs off his brother's hand.
"I'm fine too."
with unsuspecting humans?"
"Dean," Sam said, and without talking, they both turned away from the light and grabbed each other like drowning men grabbing onto driftwood.
“Then what did you aim for?” Henriksen said, his tone of voice condescendingly kind.
Dean flicked his eyes from the demons to his brother. Sam had lowered his head and looked like he was bracing himself, concentrating deeply. Then all four of the demons threw their heads back as their demonic essence was expunged from the mouths of the host bodies in ashy, black clouds.
"I wish there was another way," Cas said. His hair was even messier than it had been when he showed up — the wind was tearing at it mercilessly, tugging at the lapels of his coat, and his tie too. "But you are the Righteous Man, and Michael's chosen vessel. This is your destiny."
Their dad found them outside, both shivering despite the mild California weather. It was always coldest before dawn, they said.
But when Dean walked out, he felt both giddy with laughter and wistful with nostalgia. It had been
"We do important work," Gideon said, solemnly. "The Lord's work."
Soothing warmth flowed from the touch and when Dean opened his eyes again, he could lean his full weight on his leg again. His lip didn't throb anymore.
made Dean blush, and he felt completely naked, even though neither of them were.
All they had found in Kansas was a woman named Missouri Mosely, who, it turned out, was a psychic. Dean had found
"I think the angels aren't all fighting the same fight," he said, letting the smoke pour out of his mouth and nose on the exhale. "They asked me to make a demon talk, but the demon got loose and I got the shit kicked out of me before Cas got him."
he didn't say, but Cas seemed to pick up on it anyway.
He found Ellen by the bar. She pointed to the far end of the room, and Dean's eyes landed on the prone form of a man slumped over a table.
"Dean," Castiel said, voice rough but still calm, cutting through the fog of Dean's mind. "Open your eyes."
And, as if to disavow him of that notion, the earth shook. Dean had to brace himself against a pew as he looked to the body of Lilith. Red lines were snaking out from under her; blood, forming some sort of sigil that made the hair on the back of Dean's neck stand up.
"I don't want to do this, brother," Uriel said. "Come with me. Please."
But instead of feeling the paralyzing pain of teeth tearing into his flesh, the weight was lifted off his chest, and instinctively, Dean rolled to the side and curled up to get to his feet as quickly as possible.
Gideon didn't seem to take offense. He smiled, a little ruefully, and said, "Not a man of faith, I take it?"
"What's
him as much as it told him to run
Dean cleared his throat and touched the water again. It was wonderfully cool against his palm. “Come back to me, Cas,” he said and closed his fingers into a fist in the water. "Please."
"Get off her!" Rob shouted and grabbed Dean by the scruff of his neck. Dean tried to shrug him off, while still trying to get Jane to drop the knife
Missouri had said, smiling through her tears. Cas had nodded understandingly.
Sam interrupted. Castiel turned to look at him, slowly and incredulously.
Dean startled out of his cold rage and took a step back. Big mistake, because all Alastair had to do was stretch, now that the trap was broken, and Dean was smacked to the concrete wall hard enough that his head rang with the impact.
And she was gone before Dean could even say anything.
"Yeah, well," Dean said, stomach churning. "If only I'd been able to save someone
He'd always trusted his gut, and didn't see any reason to stop now. Something told him that it was best to listen, and no one except himself seemed to be in immediate danger. Dean slid down in the seat opposite and eyed Death warily.
"Demon blood?" Dean said.  "Really? He's no damn vampire."
"All quiet on the western front," Dean said with a sigh and set the phone back on the receiver. Bobby had given up a while ago already and was out working his actual day job as a scrapyard owner.
"The second," Dean said immediately. No good in knowing where Jo was if they couldn't get to her in time.
"You drive a hard bargain, Jo Harvelle," Dean said and took a deep drink of his beer.
"You were
Dean had the bottle tipped to his mouth, but his lips split into a grin around it. "Look at you, getting back in the saddle. Alright, Sam, let's go to New Mexico."
After a horrible, silent moment, Sam said, "Oh God. Ellen," and rushed over to the phone to hit the star key.
"I'll drink to that," Dean said, but Jane laughed and shook her head.
Dean bit his lip and thought about it. He didn't want John to find out — he was going to be in enough trouble as it was, no need to add fuel to the fire. He might be 18, but his dad wasn't going to care about technicalities. Somewhere on his back, he thought, but then again, losing his shirt on a hunt wasn't without precedence. "On my thigh," he said, finally. The guy didn't raise an eyebrow. He just shrugged and told Dean to lose his pants, and Dean did.
Dean froze.
"I take no pleasure in this," Henriksen said, and from the corner of his eye, Dean saw a flash of metal in Henriksen's hand. A knife. "I'm only doing my duty."
Jo gave a fearsome scream and drove the splintered end of a long pole through the demigod, which howled in response and thrashed wildly. Dean had to close his eyes and turn his face away as something hot and corrosive splattered over him.
This made Castiel start out of the stillness. He widened his stance, quite literally taking a stand. "Let him out? No. Never," he said, with the same kind of knee-jerk conviction Dean recognized in himself when he had something to defend. "Uriel, stop this madness."
As if on cue, there was a crash in the hallway, and Castiel straightened up. Dean let go of him and reached for his holy water or Palo Santo, but with a curse, he realized he'd left all of that stuff in the trunk of the Impala. An FBI agent didn't carry around wooden stakes.
Sam took a step after her. Dean closed his hands into fists and said, "If you go, Sam, you better stay gone."
Four years, and it turned out hunting the supernatural was like riding a bike. Sam wasn't proud of the excitement simmering inside him, of the thrill of the chase. He'd always held it against John Winchester, the single-minded obsession the man had with solving a case, but he could recognize it now in the way he felt his gut tightening as his mind connected the dots.
The problem turned out to be Bobby's wife Karen, dead fifteen years back. Except Karen Singer was presently dressed in a yellow dress and an apron and in Bobby's kitchen baking pies. The smell had permeated the air all the way out in the foyer.
"Cool your jets, boys," the demon said and held her hands out in a placating manner. The human she was possessing had a square, beautiful face and was dressed in jeans and a fashionable, short jacket.  "It's me, Ruby. Surprise!" She managed to make jazz hands sarcastically. "Sam, c'mon, let's go!"
"Well, I used to, anyway," Dean said around the cigarette, and shook the match slowly until it extinguished. He dragged in a lungful of smoke. "And I would have a hell of a lot more faith in God if the bastard would show up to help every once in a while."
"Oh, well, great," Dean said and looked at the people who had escorted him. "What are you going to do when you find this demon, then?"
Zachariah, flanked by two other angels, stood before them. Dean's grip on Castiel tightened instinctually as he saw Zachariah eye them with a curl to his mouth that signaled distaste.
The receptionist, who had her messy brown hair done up in a bun and enough blue eyeshadow to make her look practically insomniac, blew a large bubble of pink bubblegum between her fuchsia colored lips. Dean flinched when it popped. He played it off by shifting his shoulders under his jacket. These monkey suits always felt too tight.
Their first clue should have been that there was no hint of the yellow-eyed demon at all.
The demon is clearly taken aback, but she does her best to cover it up. She walks a circle around Dean, who stands his ground, even if a muscle ticks in his jaw at the inspection.
DEAN (grins)
Pressed up against the wall beside the door, Dean pushed it open so Sam could enter first. Dean followed him into a narrow corridor, and they split up to cover each end.
Part II. summary: Dean and Cas break into a facility and corner a lab technician who under gunpoint tells them the lab manufactures a treatment for AIDS. Dean freezes and the technician gets away. Dean and Cas find Pestilence and Dean fires at him, but being in his presence makes him sick, and he misses. Cas also becomes sick, because, as Pestilence tells him, inhabiting a body is to be affected by it. But Cas still has enough power to stab him to death, and then whisk Dean and himself away.
And with a start, Dean realized there was someone standing at the far end of Pamela's overgrown little garden, backlit by the streetlight, beside the Impala.  "Hey!" Dean barked. "Don't touch her!"
"And what have we here?" Pestilence said and strode over to Cas, who, Dean realized with a sinking feeling, wasn't standing either. "A little angel of the Lord, brought to his knees by little old me? My, my. How come?"
"I want to make a deal," he repeated. "I want Sam back alive."
"Yeah, that didn't stick," Dean said with a shrug.
Dean dives into the trunk of the car, to tap into the canisters of water they've been saving to cross the desert. But when Dean gets back with water in a flask, Sam lies still in the dirt, eyes open and vacant. Dead.
Kneeling on the dirty warehouse floor, Dean cradled his little brother's body as blood welled out from between his lips.
Dean slammed his foot on the brake. Castiel lurched forward, bracing himself with his hands as the car skidded to a halt. He blinked at Dean questioningly, but didn't seem rattled at all.
Ellen brought out the good stuff. All four of them took up station around the bar, and she poured them all a shot of bourbon — even Jo, who couldn't be a day over eighteen. But then again, Dean had had his first drink at the tender age of twelve, and had been blackout drunk once or twice at sixteen.
"Hello, Dean."
Even though it made his breath hitch embarrassingly, Dean pressed himself against Cas, slotting one leg in between his so they were flush against the locked door. He was delirious with the knowledge that if Cas wanted to he could push Dean away, but he kept choosing not to. Instead he pulled him closer, kissed him deeper, and Dean thought he wouldn't mind drowning like this.
Dean made a face at him and leaned back. "Well, if you against all odds do feel sleep coming over you, wake me up so I can take watch. Until then, keep a lookout, will you?"
Dean blinked. It had not been what he'd expected Sam to say.
"Don't be sorry," Dean said. "You did it Sam, you fought a demonic possession! That's one for the history books. We'll get you patched up, don't you worry, don't–"
Henriksen caught Dean's foot after it made impact.
"It's possible," Cas said, eyes trained on the same. "An archangel is– the power contained by a vessel is incomprehensible." A pause. "Jimmy Novak, in one of his lucid moments, told me it was like being chained to a comet. And I'm low-ranking, barely anything in comparison to an archangel."
"We can help with that too," Jo chipped in quickly. "Hey, Ash! Wake up!"
"Dean," Sam said. "Ash got ahold of me. He thinks the demon might show up in Colorado."
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see that the gun in question had a long barrel. So he breathed in, carefully, and then slammed his hand up as he ducked back. A shot went off, sharp and deafening, but Dean was safely pressed up against his assailant and wrestling for the shotgun with its mouth pointed away.
"Jo, this ain't the work of no ghost," Dean said and went to the trunk to get some duct tape to fix it.
"What?" Dean said and crossed his arms defensively. "I read!"
Dean raised his eyebrows. Apparently she kept more than nacho orders in that notebook.
You could get used to all sorts of things, Dean mused. But he sure as hell wasn't used to angels showing up unannounced whenever they were the least welcome.
“What?” Dean said, distracted by the shimmering air between them, the closeness of their mouths.
"So where do we go now?" Dean said, already turning his head to spy down the road, where they had left the car.
"Whoa, whoa, Cas!" Dean said and immediately reached out to support him. Castiel leaned his weight against Dean gratefully. "Cas, man, what the hell is going on?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"You're going to want it pretty big, if you want the lines not to smudge," the guy said. He had a bandana around his long hair and was heavily tattooed himself, which Dean found reassuring. "Where do you want it?"
At this, Castiel turned his gaze to the road for a moment. When he looked back at Dean, there was something steely in his blue eyes. The hair on the back of Dean’s arms rose and the air between them seemed to crackle when Castiel’s forehead smoothed out in contempt. “Your place is not to question the orders of the Heavenly Host,” he said slowly, with that same steel in his voice.
"Madness? You're the one who's mad, thinking our Almighty Father is still running the show," Uriel said with a joyless chuckle. "Step aside, Castiel. Dean Winchester cannot live. He's the only one who can stop Lilith."
"And what do you want?"
Dean sucked his mouth dry and swallowed. He opened his mouth then and struck the match to the back of his front teeth. It ignited past his lips, washing heat over his face, and he fit the cigarette between his teeth to light it.
"Why what?" Castiel said, his voice as gravel-rough as ever.
When Cas pressed his mouth to Dean's, he parted his lips obligingly. His breath was stale under the taste of coffee, but it came alive with kissing, and the taste of
Dean glanced at Rob and said, out of the corner of his mouth, "That happen often?"
He barely registered the sound of shifting fabric and rapid footfalls on concrete, before Cas had gripped him by the lapel of his denim jacket and slammed him up against the Impala. The laboriously drawn breath left Dean in a loud whoosh as Castiel pressed in so close that the edge of the car roof dug into Dean's shoulder blades, inhuman strength holding him up on the toes of his scuffed boots.
a friend! And you won't make it out of this alone."
"Guys!" Ruby barked sharply. "She's coming."
"No? Then whose is it? Yours?"
"Uh, yeah. Halloween's tomorrow night.".
The whole thing made Dean think twice.
Dean let her touch his face with cool fingers. Pamela traced his features with a clinical efficiency, which Dean thought was a shame, because not only was she show-stoppingly gorgeous, she was also very much Dean's type; dressed in an Iron Maiden  tank top and torn jeans. If Dean hadn't been trying to find out if whatever had gotten him out of Hell was going to get buyer's remorse soon, he would've asked her if she had a favorite drink and if she would let him buy one for her.
Dean swallowed. "So what if I did?" he said and straightened up, pushed his hat back. "Better keep moving."
"No," Sam agreed, and the corner of his mouth tugged upward. "But he's a stubborn one. I wonder where he gets it from."
Castiel didn't move. The stillness was unnatural, deliberate, and Dean blinked. That was certainly news to
Bobby seemed to read his thoughts. "Let me put you in touch with a psychic," he said and pulled out a couple of mugs. "She's good, she can find out just about anything. Oh, and I have your car out back. Sam wouldn't touch it, but I thought it'd be a shame to let her go to waste."
"Because you said you believed in me," Cas said, the rage leaching out of his voice to give place to a more fraught emotion. "And that gave me a reason to believe in you too."
"Dean could die tomorrow, slip in the shower and hit his head," Tessa said. "You know how frail humans are. And you have no idea what will happen to you after you die."
So Sam and Dean packed themselves into the Impala early next morning, so early that it was still pitch black. It took a couple tries, with Dean's gentle coaxing, before the engine hummed to life in the cold, but then they were on the road heading south.
Dean grinned then, and his teeth had to be covered in blood too. "Even if God would give it to me, I don't want His mercy," he said and drew Jo's knife and slashed it across Henriksen's arm.
"Alright, alright," he mumbled against Cas' mouth and angled his body away so he could shrug out of his flannel shirt completely. Cas let go of him long enough for it, but Dean pressed back in immediately, wanting the heat of his body and understanding, for the first time, what magnetic attraction truly meant.
kill the Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Hey, two out of four ain't so bad!"
The girl with the shotgun lowered it, and Dean could breathe out. He tucked his own gun back in the lining of his jeans and gave Ellen another smile, a genuine one. "I suppose our reputation precedes us."
Cas might not be an angel anymore, but he wasn't fully human either, and that was maybe why he could sense the air in the kitchen shift; a metaphysical cloud gliding across the morning sun shining in through the window.
Dean waited for a beat, for anything to happen. When nothing did, he sighed and heaved himself back up into the bed. His knees ached a bit from being pressed to the cold, hard floor for so long, and if he was honest with himself, he'd admit his heart was aching too.
"Dean, no!" Jo shouted, but Sam grabbed her and held her back. A look passed between the brothers. A light had gone up for Sam too.
you can park your angelic little ass back in the car while I deal with it.”
Dean figured he was allowed a break from the neverending shitshow that was his life, so he did what every self-respecting American did to forget their troubles; he went to the movies.
Sam looked at him defiantly. "Yeah? And do you think I'll have the chance to go when I'm a senior? Dad would never let me."
"We let her find us," said an unfamiliar voice. Dean turned around and locked eyes with a woman who was standing just outside the door to the library. She looked, if Dean wanted to be uncharitable, a lot like if Jo had an evil twin. "Hi Sam. Dean, pleased to meet you."
And when Sam turned to walk over to the barn, Dean used the butt of his Colt to knock him out cold. Though he braced himself, he could barely hold Sam's collapsed weight, and stuffing him into the backseat of the car left Dean more out of breath than he wanted to admit.
“Dean. Slow down.”
The sigil was relatively simple. A circle, with a harsh, zig-zag slash bisecting it, flanked by a symbol on each side.
"Yeah, real helpful," Dean scoffed and deftly maneuvered the Impala around a pothole in the road. They were on the way back from some backwaters town in Indiana where they had exorcised two demons, but not before the demons in question had managed to kill their hosts, thus leaving two bodies in their wake.
"Whoah, Jo, it's me!" he said, and didn't block the knee to the stomach. He clutched his middle and bent over, blinking imploringly up at her.
"We really fucked up, huh?" Dean said. He could feel the heat of the light now, skirting the edge of unbearable.
"Fuck," Dean said, pressing both palms to his temples. "Fuck, Cas. If it was just me, but it's not. I can't– I can't ask that of Sam. I can't
"I'll settle for a promise."
Being on the move felt good; it felt like a weight lifted off Dean's shoulders. The view didn't change much; rolling fields and a blue blur in the distance that might be mountains. The sun had disappeared from the sky again, leaving it a rust red color that made the heat seem oppressive even though the car didn't have any windows. The man by his side — the angel – looked out at the pastures rolling by.
Not according to the handbills!
talk to a demon."
"A death undone," Cas said. "But I'm mortal now, and I will die one day. When it's Dean's time, you reap me too, and the universe will have its balance of deaths."
"I won't let them take me," Cas said, sounding for all the world like an outlaw in a John Wayne cowboy picture. "Besides, the important thing is to keep you safe. Don't say yes to Michael."
"I do
What followed was hand-to-hand combat unlike anything Dean had ever witnessed. The two angels moved faster than his eyes could follow, in elegant, sweeping slashes and thrusts, parried or evaded by tightly controlled movements that made the earth tremble.
"This is a blade that can kill demons," Ellen said and thunked the wooden box down on the bartop. She opened the lid to reveal a mean-looking knife, with a sharp tip and a serrated edge and a handle made of bone. The blade itself was engraved with symbols Dean didn't recognize.
"No," Dean said, but it was too late. Sam plunged the knife into his own chest in one, smooth movement, so smooth that for a second, Dean thought it must have been a retractable blade. Surely it couldn't have pierced anything.
"Is everyone killed by demons coming back? Is that the common denominator?" Sam said and pulled both hands through his hair that had grown even longer in Dean's absence. "God. Does that mean– could dad come back?"
it called, with a rasping voice, and Dean startled into position, shotgun swinging forward even though he couldn't see a target. Belatedly, he looked up, and saw a pair of large, yellow eyes looking back.
"We got to, um, check the rest of the building," Sam said, clearly meaning
"I think I might have a way to get you out of that deal."
"Why can't we tell these people the truth?"
In the falling dusk, Dean made his way down the slope. It was laughably easy to circumvent the guard, and even though activity seemed to have been stirred up – no doubt thanks to Sam being discovered – Dean still managed to circle around the compound without being detected.
"This is what most people call a near-death experience," the woman said. Dean snapped his head back up. She smiled evenly at him.
"Why not send us both?" Dean said, pulse thudding uncomfortably in his throat.
"No, it isn't," Sam said with a little laugh. And then, because the little shit couldn't let up on the insights; "Hey, so what Famine said– you wanna talk about it?"
Dean shook his head, once, like he was trying to shake water out of his ear.
"Is there– there's gotta be a way to get him back," Dean said, panting for air.
Dean scoffed. "Some angel you are. I nearly died getting the Colt, and then you would've had to take a trip Downstairs to get me all over again."
"Well," Dean said and looked at the big lump with the stake through it, in between the trees. It was decaying, decomposing right before his eyes, like the apple blossoms littering the grass. "I'd call that a job well done."
Feels only right I should ring in the finale of the Supernatural series, a bedrock for my fandom participation, with the most scathing criticism AND highest form of praise I can articulate; a complete revision of the entire story. ((Supernatural has been living in my head rent free for the past 10 years and this is my eviction notice))
Without a sun overhead, there was no telling for how long he walked. He walked and walked, and whatever was growing on these fields scratched at his bare feet, but it didn't hurt.
CROSSROADS DEMON (smiles)
"You mean He's dead," Dean said. It wasn't a surprise, but he'd never been less happy to be right.
So Sam now had free access to their little boys' club, and had given Dean the long and the short of it — their leader, a guy named Ellison, and their "high priest" talked a lot about being "Christian survivalists who believe in preparing for the ultimate holocaust" and about how “the coming war is a step towards God's government."
That was when a waitress approached, a little nervously. Her gaze skated right by the scythe and landed on Dean.
"I received no direct order," Castiel said. Oddly, Dean felt pride swell in his chest.
Dean glanced down at the plate again and then back up. "Thanks, but I'm not hungry."
It was as if the ground swallowed them whole.
"This isn't working, Dean," he said. Dean shrugged, fixing him with a look that said
Ruby pursed her lips but then began the summoning spell, chanting low but steady. Dean felt acutely unprotected, with only a bottle of holy water and a knife between him and, presumably, the Queen of the Crossroads.
The single syllable was uttered with such conviction that Dean did look at Cas then. Cas stared at Raphael, the flames painting him in flickering reds and yellows. "No," Cas repeated. "I
"What I don't get," Dean said, looking at Cas like he would disappear if he looked away, "is why Heaven sent you back."
“Cas,” he said, the first thing he'd spoken out loud for ages. “Castiel, can you hear me? I’m not—I’m not the praying type and I don’t know how Mrs Moseley did it but—If we ever had a bond, Cas, I’m asking you. Please come back.”
Pastor Gideon, a man not much older than Dean, dressed in practical black clothes and a priest's collar, looked at him. "We've been besieged by demons for many months now," he said evenly. "They try to lure us with them to Hell."
"Zachariah," Castiel said and Dean noticed that Castiel's posture changed minutely, into something more defensive.
Ellen didn't answer him, but she clearly expected him to follow her back to the Roadhouse. So he did, feeling each stone on the sanded pathway under his bare feet.
It was strange, Dean mused as he walked soundlessly across the concrete floor, all senses on high alert, how quickly he and Sam had fallen into a working routine together. Dean was so used to playing second fiddle to his dad that it felt quite natural to now take cues from Sam.
But then Alastair's grin transformed into a grimace, and Dean saw red light flash from between his teeth. He gasped for air when death loosened Alastair's grip, and the demon slumped down to reveal none other than Castiel, with his brow knit in fury and hair in disarray.
Sam scoffed and let up the pressure, just a little. His own brother was grinning up at him, eyes bright in the gloom of the apartment.
"So that's supposed to make this better? Since before I got back from Hell, where I was tortured by
"Join the club," Dean said, and shot Famine too, at point blank.
in theaters back in the day, thinking fondly of catching the odd episode of it on TV in his childhood and being transported to a better future than he could ever have imagined. Of course, that movie had ended with his favorite character dying, which
"How did you think this was going to go, Dean?" Yellow Eyes teased, sauntering in close. "I mean, did you think I was just going to appear and let you stab me with–" Here he seemed to realize what he was holding, and lifted the knife up to eye height. "–this little toothpick?"
"Let's move around," Robert said and took the lead.
As they followed some innate sense of direction Cas possessed and traversed the building that was oddly devoid of people, Dean tried to puzzle out what it was for — something between an office and a hospital, he thought, seeing equipment through the windows in the doors they passed. The lack of people, though eerie, wasn't surprising, given that it was the middle of the night.
Dean drew in a deep breath. He knew several who'd gotten it, and by now, most of them were gone. This disease was an ugly thing, Dean knew, making you waste away slowly, and often alone because doctors were afraid of catching it, and they would only let family in, and not many hunters and other people on the margins had any family that they were close to.
Sam was being shifty.
"Thanks," Dean said and craned his neck to look up at Castiel. He seemed none the worse for wear, just tired. He turned his head to look over at pastor Gideon and his daughter.
"It wasn't a
Dean's pacing pushed Bobby out after a couple of hours. He didn't try to tell Dean to settle down; he just left. And Dean was left walking back and forth, up and down Bobby's cellar.
"Fine," Sam said and threw his hands up. "Let's just go in there and make them stop whatever magic they're using to kill people."
Dean didn't think he could bear to hear what more Cas had to say in a voice like that, so he closed the remaining distance between them and pressed their mouths together in a chaste kiss.
Dean remembered the date, 24th of July, because on the way to find a car to steal, his eye caught on a poster with a familiar stenciled font.
"I made that choice, Dean!" Sam said, clenching his fists on the wheel. "I knew what I was doing, but it was worth it, to kill the demon!"
Alistair said, sounding pleased.
He'd had to drive quite far, to find a movie theater of a respectable size, but that was alright because Sam had gone off on his own somewhere, and Bobby was holding down the fort.
They gave Karen a hunter's funeral. Bobby insisted on putting the torch to the pyre himself, but afterwards, Sam and Dean were the ones to gather up her ashes and interred them under an elm tree in Bobby's back yard.
Jane let out a big sob before she exhaled and fell into Leah's arms.
"Doesn't count," Dean said, but then gave a groan and relented. "Did Ellen say anything other than 'demon-infested town'?"
Castiel tilted his head to look at him. "That's a lie," he said.
So Dean was driving with Jo fast asleep in the passenger seat. She'd given him directions on the outset — but not all the way, not even the town name, the goddamn menace still didn't trust him not to dump her on the way and leave her out of the hunt.
“What are they—Cas, what are they going to do to you?” Voicing the question aloud was more than Dean ever wanted to do, but there was a look of undeniable fear in Castiel’s eyes.
"How'd you do, kid?" Dean said, and Dylan grinned, a little shyly.
The silence that fell in Bobby's kitchen was charged. Dean looked from Bobby to Sam to Castiel.
"His death is a matter of fact, not belief," Castiel said, sitting ramrod straight on the chair beside Dean. Dean cleared his throat meaningfully and Castiel glanced at him with an expression that looked close to panic before he added, in an overly sincere tone, "He was not himself."
"Wait," Dean said again and got to his feet. "Jo? She said
"Sam?" he tried, but the transmission cut off and Dean was left staring at a dead walkie talkie. "Fuck," he said before he turned it off and stuffed it back in the duffelbag and pulled out his gun instead.
It was a lab, he realized at long last, when they entered a room where a whole wall was covered by a shelf filled with vials and some expensive-looking equipment off to one side that reminded Dean of a distillery. A man in a white lab coat was standing by it, and looked at them with a gobsmacked expression of someone who had not expected to see two guys with murderous intent break into his lab.
. He was barely up to the first joint, and he already felt stretched out beyond repair. Regardless, he persisted, pressing his slick finger in further and further until he couldn’t possibly go any deeper.
this town and lumpy furniture?
He had a point, Dean’s stomach loudly told him, and he sighed, before nodding.
Dean felt as though he was tearing apart at the seams, every muscle tensed as he exploded with a barely contained shout. White spattered his heaving chest, and for a second he was sure he was about to pass out, black spots lurking at the edge of his blurry vision. His head was empty; the only sound he could hear was static, mumbling, somewhere just out of reach.
The video had disappeared – not that Dean was keeping tabs on it, because he had already decided that he wasn’t going to think about it – and he hated himself even more, because all he could think about was the fact that Cas must have been in contact with Dominic again to ask him to take it down. That meant they were still in touch. What if they continued to stay in touch? What if, now Cas seemed to be unlocking other human aspects of his psyche, he decided to fall in
“So you’re suggesting –“
“The white ball,” he continued, rounding the table to place said ball in position, “starts here. You only ever hit this ball with the cue, got it?”
“It’s as good a guess as any,” Dean shrugged. “So, take your pick – you wanna hit the morgue, or the forest?”
always come when you call,” he whispered, voice a little too raw for Dean’s liking. “But you have to understand –“
Cas was, he supposed. That was why Dean loved him.
“You’ve been busy,” he quietly marvelled, proud for reasons he couldn’t quite express. Cas knew how to do all this because
, which meant –
“Angels do not perceive gender and sex in the same manner as humans,” he replied briskly. “I am drawn to some over others, true, but not because of their genitalia. I’ve found there is actually very little difference in the way a vagina or penis stimulates my –“
“Tape’s on the shelf,” he’d pointed. “You want a drink?”
“Cas, buddy, rise and shine,” he tried again with a gentle tap to Cas’s face, already bracing himself for the fact that he was probably going to have to carry him. “It’s Dean, remember? We gotta go –“
“You’re angry,” Cas noted. He seemed a little hurt by the realisation.
,” Dean murmured.
“You’re new, right?” she’d asked, and his smile had faltered.
“Yes,” Cas hummed a moment later. “I have the coroner’s reports in front of me – they all confirm puncture wounds in the same place. Although… the cause of death has still yet to be determined.”
They stepped silently into the house, only to be met with… nothing. No cold spots, no weird sensations. The inside was actually in surprisingly good condition, considering it had supposedly been abandoned for six months – old fashioned in its furnishings, but, hey, old people liked what they liked. It was also suspiciously dust free, however, which immediately set alarm bells ringing in Dean’s head.
“Agent, what you’re suggesting,” Davis shook his head in disbelief. “You think someone
“What’s Cas?” the man himself asked, having appeared over Dean’s shoulder from some depth of the bunker. “Hello, Dean.”
He couldn’t control Heaven, or Hell, or the monsters they fought, but he
was the last conscious thing he thought, before nodding off completely.
“Don’t touch anything,” he warned when it looked like Cas was going to reach out for an open book. “We don’t know what kind of bad juju is hanging around in here.”
Hell, it was likely the guys in the video were straight, too! There was nothing like the thought of a fat pay-check to get your dick hard, after all, and what little Dean had seen looked too well-lit and staged to be anything other than a company job. The male anatomy was complex; a lot of things could get a guy hard for no damn reason at all.
“Dude, party foul,” she tutted, completely oblivious to what had just happened. “Warn a girl, why don’t you?”
, the asshole. “Got it.”
, in the sense that he cared about Dean, but he didn’t
Dean stuffed his face full of burger, and tried not to think about how he could still feel the impression of Cas’s hand against his own.
“It’s off season,” Dean realised aloud. “Looks like it hits town pretty hard.”
“Think I still have a couple sleeping bags in the attic from that hunt back in ’87,” was all Bobby had offered, though his smile seemed pleased – almost proud – when Dean told him about his friends. “You gonna need a ride, boy?”
we –“
“Do it,” Cas nodded, and that was all the confirmation he needed.
Pump forgotten in the neck of Baby’s tank, Dean found himself moving towards the store before he’d made the conscious decision to do so. Not really sure what he was doing, he yanked the door open, ignoring the irritating little bell that chimed above his head, and made a beeline for Cas.
“Yeah,” he murmured. “Like lightning.”
thinking about it.
“I’m fine,” Castiel tried, and Dean chose to ignore him lest he accidentally punch his lying face instead.
– you have to kill it.”
He shut his mouth with an audible clack as Castiel reached out and cupped his face with painfully gentle fingers. He caressed the bruise forming under his eye with his thumb, and Dean was helpless to do anything but stare under his ministrations.
He didn’t think about how much of that looseness was because of what he’d done in the shower.
A heavy thump echoed from above, shocking him to an immediate standstill with his breath caught in his throat; his grip on the flamethrower tightened instinctively, one hand silently digging through his numerous pockets for the lighter he knew he kept somewhere within. When his fingers clamped around it and drew it from his jeans, only then did he begin to stalk towards the stairs. The sound didn’t come again, and he couldn’t hear anything else as he teased the first stair with his boot before stepping up, but that wasn’t necessarily a good thing. Hell, after what he’d found in the basement, the sound of Cas struggling would have been a balm on his soul.
And that, in the end, was what made Dean withdraw his arms and take a step backwards. Cas’s smile faltered, just for a second, before being replaced by a much gentler one. Dean allowed himself one last moment of weakness as he reached out and squeezed Cas’s shoulder; his heart was racing against his ribcage, intoxicated by the warmth of Cas’s body under his palm, and he knew he couldn’t let himself make this mistake again. If he weren’t more careful, Cas was going to twig on to the fact he was hopelessly, uncontrollably in love with him, and Dean didn’t think he could survive the gentle rejection he knew Cas would give him.
“Would you…” Cas started, voice small and uncertain. “Would you like to talk about it?”
Castiel did as he was asked, moving his arm out to the side while Dean fished around for some gauze pads and tape in the first aid kit. There weren’t many, but he managed to just about cover the whole thing with a couple spare for the wounds at his back. All the while, Castiel remained still and silent above him, and when Dean was done and glanced up to make sure he was alright, he realised he was staring down at him with an unreadable expression.
“Not a cave sparrow,” she confirmed, and then her eyes lit up. “Do you think… could it be a new species? And we found it?”
He found it a few thrusts later, and his whole body jerked, eyes almost rolling back in his head at the intensity of it. His legs were starting to quiver, struggling to hold him up, and his balls were drawing up tight against where his hand was still flying across his dick. He was close – it was only going to take a couple more seconds –
He hit dial again, pressed the phone to his ear hard enough to distract him from the terrible feeling that was starting to bubble in his chest, and listened to it ring. And ring.
that Dean sometimes had trouble reconciling him with his bag-of-dicks brethren. He had been misguided before, and was likely to be at some point again, but his heart – his loyal, loving heart – was always in the right place. It was always with them. Dean didn’t know quite what they had done to deserve Cas’s unyielding devotion, only that his life had been irrevocably changed for the better since having met him.
“Okay,” he cleared his throat, reaching for the triangle to set the balls up. “Get over here. You set the balls up in this triangle, see? Any random order, except the black ball has to go in the middle.”
Heart already hammering in his chest, Dean hauled himself as quietly as possible back into a standing position, and then ducked down to pull Cas’s coat free of his ankles. It immediately felt sticky in his hands, and as he drew it closer to his face, he realised with mounting horror that it was tacky with blood.
fine.
Happy posting day! Thank you for all the lovely support on the first chapter - hope you like this one, too!
It was great, actually; now he had a whole new catalogue of jerk-off material, and as long as he didn’t come, it didn’t mean anything had even changed. It wasn’t like he was watching the guys, after all – just things going in holes. Sometimes he didn’t watch it at all, just closed his eyes and listened to the wet, lewd noises echoing around his room. It was sex he was attracted to, he decided, not guys.
“You’re meant to
“Yeah,” Dean agreed softly. “And if you find someone you care about and
It's stated in the tags, but just an additional warning for panic attacks in this chapter, in case that's a thing for anyone <3
Dean didn’t know if it was the warm fullness in his gut, the second beer they’d ordered, or the way the lamp above them gave Cas an ethereal glow, but something made him feel brave. He pushed his plate away, spotting an empty pool table over Cas’s shoulder, and reached for his hand again with a grin on his face.
Spreading his knees for better balance, he leaned forwards and pressed his free hand against the tiled wall, head tucked down to shelter his eyes from the spray of water. He let his mind drift, slowly stroking himself all the while, to the conversation he’d had with Cas. It was easy to picture him, confused and horny, craving the closeness of another person in whatever form he could get it. Would the confusion make him aggressive? Rough? His mind flitted back to the video, and the contentment that seemed to have settled over Cas’s frame as he’d buried his face between that guy’s –
Dean cast his mind back to the motel, and the thunder he had been able to hear near constantly all night. They had stayed some forty miles away; could it really have been the same storm that had kept him up all night?
“I bet,” Dean agreed quietly.
“Arms up.”
“Dean? What’s wrong?”
, it’s such a small part of the bigger picture. The stuff you want to do afterwards – the… the holding? Wanting to take care of another person? That’s more than monkey brain stuff, man. That’s the kind of stuff you do with people you actually care about.”
“DEAN WINCHESTER.”
needs locking?” Dean muttered, reaching out to examine the symbol further. His hand came away red, and a quick sniff confirmed the bubble of unease that had settled in his chest – it was blood.
looking at how expertly Cas seemed to be using his fingers and tongue
“Cas?” he whispered again, and he was being so,
“Alright, Tinkerbell,” he started, though he made sure his voice was even. “Your turn.”
“Well, yeah,” Paxton continued with a bob of her head. “The weather reports have been pretty off recently. Campers come expecting it to be a little chilly, sure, but we’ve been having
“It’s like…” Dean took a second to think, really wanting to get this right. “You spend time getting to know a person – their past, their hopes, their fears and flaws – and they know the same about you, and it’s… that’s a connection that only the two of you have. It’s shared, but unique to just the two of you. And sex feels good anyway, right? But add to that the fact that you
“This, here?” the paramedic pointed out an invisible line directly through the marks. “That’s where the femoral artery is –
Satisfied, Dean nodded his head and Sam dropped his arms back to his sides with another pointed look.
“I don’t have a lot of people in my life I can count on,” he murmured, uncharacteristically honest, but if he was about to spend eight hours in the car with the guy, he had to lay this out first. “You’re up there at the top, buddy. And I’ve always just… I’ve taken for granted that me and Sam are up there for you, too. But that’s… I shouldn’t take that for granted, I know I shouldn’t. It’s selfish of me to assume you’ll always come when I call, because you’re allowed to form friendships,
Instead, as he made himself turn back towards the bar, he did what he always did when he didn’t know what else to do: he called Sam.
“Couldn’t have been more than a couple of hours before that,” Paxton ascertained. “There’s always plenty of people up to watch the sunrise – someone would have seen her.”
Dean hadn’t been entirely sure what that might entail, but he trusted Drew’s judgement. He took a sip of the beer – his first taste of alcohol – and almost choked on the bitter flavour. Drew had laughed, but it wasn’t unkind, and then he’d swung his legs up to throw them over Dean’s thighs. Dean had looked at him, then, and Drew had stared back with the slightest of smirks, his dark eyes asking
“And… no dice,” Sam admitted. “There are a couple of ancient gods that potentially fit, but not with the rest of the stuff you’ve just told me. I wasn’t really holding out hope for that being the answer, though, to be honest.”
Cas rolled his eyes as though that was a stupid question, and then reached for the door handle. Dean thought he might mojo the locks open, or maybe even pull them apart, but instead he gripped the handle and kind of just…
“I was starting to think so,” Dean admitted, before his eyes drifted back to the egg again. “But there’s something weird about the bodies, man, and this egg. It… it tingles when you touch it.”
Dean sighed, but acquiesced a gentle, “Will do,” before hanging up the phone.
“You, um – it’s as much about balance as it is about aim,” he murmured, and watched, fascinated, as his breath shifted the hair at the nape of Cas’s neck. “You want your centre of gravity to be as low as possible.”
“No, it’s…” Dean found himself saying rather quickly. “I’m as open-minded as the next guy, sweetheart. Whatever gets you going.”
He was pulled from his thoughts by the arrival of his food. Cas had ordered him a bacon cheeseburger and fries. To keep up appearances, he’d also ordered a side portion of onion rings to make it look like they were sharing; Dean immediately grabbed for one and crammed the whole thing in his mouth, which only served to make Cas smile.
It really was. As he’d landed, there was a brief moment where Dean thought he’d just keep going and fall right through the damned thing to the floor below. It held, but barely, and gave a wheezing groan when he shifted his head against the pillow. But, despite that, Dean found his eyelids getting heavy, the need for sleep outweighing the irritation of the springs that were jabbing him even through the comforter.
“Where have you taken him?” Dean asked, though he already had a couple of ideas. “If you’ve hurt him –“
of a body.
“I can’t think of anything that connects it all,” he finished, and rubbed a hand across his face. He was exhausted. “I’m heading back to pick Cas up from the morgue, but when I talked to him it didn’t seem like he had any better ideas on what the hell we could be dealing with, either.”
“Alright,” he murmured, a little reluctant to move. “Let’s get you patched up.”
. Cas was, well…
“Who – who is this?” he managed to ask, forced himself to sound braver than he felt, because everything was starting to slot into place in his mind, and it was like his chest was on fire.
“Thank you,” Dean sighed, taking the plate from her when it seemed she wasn’t going to put it down. Then, pointedly turning to Cas to yank the phone out of his hand and place it on the table between them, he hissed, “No, dude, I do
With that, he shifted a little further away, only to tap his foot to the inside of Cas’s. Cas caught on with a small hum, and quickly moved his legs further apart.
The answer, Dean quickly realised, was obviously not, else they were in a lot more trouble than they even realised, because the next thing he spotted was a small, glass vial that had rolled away to rest against the wall, half-hidden by candles. He reached out, feeling bile beginning to rise in his throat as his hands wrapped around it and he felt the familiar thrum of Castiel’s grace against his fingers, saw the blue-white whisps swirling around inside. A small, neat label had been wrapped around the vial, simply reading
“Um…” The teen at least looked apologetic. “Sorry, dude - we’re having maintenance issues. We’ve only got a couple rooms with heat, and they’re all kings.”
If looks could kill.
“I don’t know, man,” Dean replied with a small groan. “It’s not like I’ve ever – ever flirted with a guy before.”
“I’m fine, Dean,” Sam replied, though he was well-versed in this particular ritual by now, so, with a sigh, he raised his arms above his head and gave Dean a pointed look. “See?”
“Does… my lying with men in this vessel make you uncomfortable?”
“What should I say?” Cas asked.
.  And you’ve got that coffee to drink, right, even though I didn’t think you really drank coffee, but I don’t know – maybe you do after you’ve –?“
Once they were on more stable ground, Paxton strode ahead and pulled back a particularly dense thicket with careful hands. “The worst of it is just through here.”
you looking at Cas’s bare ass?” Sam asked, squinting down at the laptop like it was going to bite him. “On a… gay porn site, of all places.”
Dean didn’t entirely believe him, but he didn’t push any further. Instead, he turned back to his bag and rummaged around until he found a change of clothing that would be comfy enough to sleep in.
“Fifteen, maybe twenty minutes away?” Dean guessed as he checked his rear-view mirror and then peeled away. “You all done?”
“Because,” Dean continued, finding words even though his brain was screaming at him to
Cas was still looking at him strangely, and Dean had to take a gulp of his beer to distract himself from the fact that he could feel himself blushing.
Sam sighed, a small sound, and quietly replied, “Yeah, I know. But you have to be smart about this, okay? Do you think there’s a reason it targeted him specifically? Something we can lean into?”
“Holy
, and that he was intruding on a private moment. The footage was grainier, not HD like the studio stuff, and was coming from a single angle – a phone, maybe, or a low-end camcorder propped against a dresser. The setting looked familiar too, somehow, though Dean couldn’t place why. It was a pretty sparse bedroom – very much like all the other bedrooms in porn.
“No, Cas, it’s perfect,” Dean was quick to cut over him, reaching out to grab Cas’s hand in a tight squeeze of reassurance. “Thank you.”
that simply staying on Earth had been hurting Cas all this time. He hadn’t thought about the consequences of Cas falling beyond the actual act, and now he realised, all over again, just how selfish that had been. Had Cas known this would happen? Dean had to believe that he hadn’t, otherwise why in God’s name would he have done it at all? They weren’t worth –
“Fine!” she’d admitted, to the whooping guffaws of Lilah. “He has pretty eyes, okay? And he was really sweet when he helped me carry my diorama home last week. Did you know he volunteers at the dog pound on weekends?”
Because he
,” Dean choked, and had to cover his face with his hands lest his eyes bug right out of his head. Just the
Panic filled Dean’s chest so quickly that he was surprised he didn’t choke on it as he snapped, “I will kill you
“Cas, wait,” Dean had to make him stop, because he had no idea how
“I told you not to come,” he tried weakly, but he couldn’t hide the relief in his voice.
“This is… good job, Cas,” he praised, and couldn’t ignore how Cas just seemed to smile all the harder. “I should fall asleep more often, huh? You’ll be as tech savvy as Charlie in no time.”
“Come on,” he murmured, and tugged Cas to his feet with his beer in his other hand. “I’m gonna teach you how to play pool.”
“Dean?” Cas asked, voice drawing Dean from his thoughts even though it was quiet. “Is this working? Do you need me to keep going?”
“Hey, Paxton?” he called out, voice echoing in the darkness. “You know anything about eggs?”
Bobby knew him
Castiel knew how to finger someone. He was also, if the title of the video was anything to go by, a “greedy little ass slut”, which Dean hadn’t known about him before this moment, either. He felt like maybe he was having a stroke as he changed his jeans and underwear, an unsettling sense of calm washing over him as he cleaned his hands in the sink by the door – the kind of calm that only ever settled in right before something terrible was about to happen.
“The left.”
One appeared near his head a few moments later, and he took it with a quiet thanks. Paxton leaned over the boulders, trying to catch a glance at whatever it was he’d found.
“Nothing to talk about,” Dean replied quickly, and took a large gulp of his beer just to wind Sam up. “Whatcha got there?”
, and Dean realised he must have locked it.
Dean felt his bottom lip start to tremble a little, and rubbed his hand over his face before he did something stupid like burst into tears. Sam
Only, that also turned out to be a mistake, because watching the way Cas’s ass appeared from under his trench coat as he bent over the table, pants pulled tight against his thick thighs, did absolutely nothing to help the quickly growing situation in Dean’s pants. Sure, he was still coming to terms with his feelings, but he wasn’t
“You think you –?”
Paxton stared at him blankly. “No.”
It had been a
Dean didn’t need to be told twice. He quickly snapped a few pictures on his phone as evidence, and then followed Cas back up the stairs. He found he could breathe easier as he ducked back out into the hall, and took a moment while Cas replaced the door and used his grace to repair the seals to let his mind race.
“So, what’re you thinking, Mr. Sassy? Vampire? Djinn?”
While the Bottom fiddled with the zoom lens, blocking where the Top lay on the bed behind him, Dean looked away and shifted his hands to his fly. It was easy enough to tug his pants down to his thighs, briefs following suit after catching momentarily on his erection. He allowed himself a couple of slow strokes as he shifted on the bed, propping himself up so his laptop could sit comfortably on his knees. The drag of his hand was a little much, sending gritty sparks up his spine, so he spat into his palm before returning it to his throbbing cock.
, and the world made sense. He missed the easiness of their little family, him and Sam bouncing between teasing and teaching Cas about the human world.
about what would happen if Cas could read his thoughts.
The door swung open when he pushed it, already unlocked. He risked a glance at Cas, because that was pretty weird, right? Cas seemed to be having similar thoughts, because he silently drew himself up to his full height as if bracing himself for a fight.
“Dean!” he continued to smile, and then gestured to the girl behind the counter. “Natalie here helped me with your purchases.”
, though, right? Way these reports are telling it, there wasn’t an ounce of blood left in these poor bastards’ bodies.”
She’d had a lot of natural ingredients, he remembered – plants and animal parts. Maybe the eggs he’d found were an extension of that? It had to be connected somehow, but he just couldn’t see it. Why were the eggs in a separate location, along with the bodies? How did the lightning storms fit in, if at all? None of the witnesses had mentioned cold spots, or ghost sightings, so were they even dealing with a spirit? There were still entirely too many loose ends, and Dean didn’t like it one bit.
The door was not only unlocked – it was ajar.
never flirted with anyone while on a case?” Cas shot back, the timbre of his voice making Dean flinch. “You’ve never fucked a woman you’ve just met in the bathroom of a gas station?”
, Dean had finally found out after almost convincing himself not to show up, being Emmie and Drew. They were a ragtag little bunch – not sporty enough to be popular, or smart enough to be considered geeks, but somewhere in between that meant almost everybody left them to their own devices. Dean had immediately felt like part of the group – and really, with hindsight, that had been the beginning of the end for him.
Dean looked him over for a moment, watching for any sign of injury, but the fact he could stretch his body meant nothing was seriously wrong, at least. Some bruises, maybe, and a couple of scratches across his face from where the deity had thrown him across the barn, but nothing a shower and a hot meal wouldn’t cure.
Dean waited for just a moment, facing where Sam had disappeared through the tackily painted door, and then rounded on Castiel, who was perched gingerly on the edge of Dean’s bed.
“Nah, come on – try it again,” he offered, moving forwards to place the cue ball back where it had been pre-mishap. “Your posture was all wrong. Come on, let me teach you.”
too much – but as Dean watched Cas move, watched him simply breathe, he realised that there was more than just blood leaking from his body.
And he had. He’d never been the smartest kid by any means, and classroom learning was far from his preferred method of education, but he’d managed to do well enough to fly under the radar, for the most part. He never offered answers unless called upon, but was rarely wrong when he did, and was mightily proud of the Bs and Cs he was managing to maintain across the board, considering the vast majority of his time was taken up worrying about Sammy, or wondering what his Dad was doing.
“Well, um… Sam’s heading to Mississippi to help Garth with a Wendigo, so we thought, maybe… you’d wanna come with me?” Dean stuttered, and silently juggled with the idea of beating himself to death with his phone. “Unless you’re busy, which it sounds like you are, so don’t feel any pressure to –“
“Now you listen to me, boy,” John had growled, reaching for Dean’s shirt again so he could pull him forwards, right into his space. “No son of mine – you are
“Here’s hoping,” Sam agreed, and then, quieter, “Call me if anything goes wrong, okay?”
“New people appear dependant on your proximity, so when you enter a new location you’re paired with new potential partners!” Cas continued, as though that made it
“Nah,” he replied, and took a deep breath. “I’m gonna be late – don’t want to get in trouble on my first day, right?”
As he’d shifted to pull his finger out, his inner muscles had clenched against the movement, sucking his finger back in. That was… okay, maybe he hadn’t been doing it right. Shifting again, he pumped his finger slowly, experimentally, and found himself adjusting to the fullness relatively quickly.
It was a tight squeeze, as he’d expected, and he had to keep his head tucked low against his chest to keep from accidentally knocking himself out against the ceiling. He shuffled along on his knees, and it was slow going; his cheap suit scraped against the walls and ceiling, and the noise would surely alert any animals hiding in the depths to his presence long before he came across them.
But Cas’s hand in his hair was making it exceedingly difficult to do any of that. In fact, under the warm weight of his trench coat, which let out a burst of Cas’s scent whenever he moved underneath it, Dean found himself slipping back towards sleep alarmingly quickly. He wondered, as his eyes fluttered closed and stayed that way, if Cas was trickling grace into him with his touch, because he suddenly felt completely content.
“There’s nothing to be done,” Cas replied, resigned. “And it’s… not all bad. I meant it when I said the act of physical love is near-miraculous. It is. It’s the feelings that come with it that are… overwhelming.”
“Because… because that’s just how the game works,” he replied, undeterred. “Okay, I’ll break – I’ll
Dean’s heart did a little somersault in his chest at the sight.
, he didn’t have to add. Dean swallowed hard.
“Maybe,” Sam hummed, though he didn’t seem convinced. “They don’t usually drain the victims
God, he hoped the handcuffs weren’t enchanted, too.
“He wasn’t very talkative,” Cas reasoned seriously, “but yes, he did seem to enjoy it when I scratched behind his ears.”
His dick was back in the game. Using his free hand, he wrapped his fingers around himself and tugged a couple of times, getting himself back to full hardness. That felt even
It wasn’t like he disliked being at Bobby’s – in fact, just the opposite. At Bobby’s, he didn’t have to worry about where their next meal was going to come from, or whether Sammy would be safe. At Bobby’s, he could relax a little, safe in the knowledge that he had backup when it came to Sammy’s care.
“Go on, get,” he’d ushered, and Dean grinned as he hopped from the car. “You just be careful, y’hear?”
the outlines of organs through her paper-thin skin, for Christ’s sake, and her lower legs looked seconds from tearing off where they were still submerged in the gentle current of the creek.
“It’s not the same thing,” Dean argued quickly. “Sex is… you’re physically intimate with them, sure, and it feels good to share that stuff with another person, but… that’s just your monkey brain talking. It doesn’t last forever – it doesn’t always mean anything at all. That side of it – the… the
Dean spluttered, caught between choking and laughing, and had to take a swig of his beer to give himself a chance to calm down. He wasn’t blushing – he
“Apologies,” he murmured, glancing at the ground.
was before that night.
He reached for the bottle.
Cas laughed at that, and Dean smiled, proud of the sound he’d managed to produce from him.
He then waited a courteous ten seconds, got no reply, and smashed his phone to his ear with Cas’s number lighting up the screen. While it rang, and Dean very consciously didn’t think about what he and that guy could be up to by now, he glanced around to make sure they weren’t still hanging around somewhere.
“We thought maybe Gloria’s spirit was still hanging around, but other than salting and burning the bones, or maybe finding a cursed object connected to her, we don’t really know where to start with the other stuff,” he admitted, and rubbed a hand across his face. “None of the witnesses mentioned cold spots or ghost sightings, and there’s still the freak storms and those weird eggs to think about. The more we look into it, the less everything seems connected, man. It’s…
Dean, now he had started, was having an extremely hard time shutting the fuck up. “Great – awesome! I, um – don’t feel like you need to rush if you’re in the middle of…
“I’m tall!”
“Nothing,” he replied, and quickly switched his phone off. “Just checking my messages.”
one from its place.
He’d offered Bobby one last wave before knocking on the door, and heard the car pull away behind him. Drew answered almost immediately, as though he had been excitedly waiting on the other side of the door, and offered Dean a toothy grin as he’d herded him into the spacious living room.
I’m going to torch everything.”
Dean had never spent a night away without either his Dad or Sammy there with him. He’d fumbled for a moment, not really sure how he felt about the whole idea, but Drew’s small, hopeful smile had eventually made his mind up for him.
“Yeah, Cas, there you are,” Dean choked on a huff of relieved laughter, ignoring how his eyes were stinging with tears and his hands were trembling against Cas’s bare skin. “We gotta go, okay? Is it – is
Cas in the background.
Sam looked mightily amused, watching Dean struggle for words, and only stepped in to help when Cas frowned, eyes squinting in his usual, concerned way.
“Did you just try and roofie-spell me?” he asked, tugging the sleeve of his shirt up to show the room the sigils carved into his arms. “
With a new resolve, Dean forced himself to smile as he replied, “I’m fine, Cas. No big deal.”
“The bunker has ruined my ass,” Dean muttered, finally finding a somewhat comfortable position. “Anything less than memory foam just doesn’t cut it anymore.”
Why was he incapable of holding a normal conversation? Cas looked at him for a moment more, expression hard to read, and then he rolled his eyes and ducked back through the door.
God, if his Dad could see him now.
He wasn’t going to cry, he told himself firmly. It was bad enough that he’d gotten off to fingers in his ass while thinking about another man, but crying afterwards? He could practically hear his father turning in his grave. Shame, deep and sharp, bubbled in his gut, and he had to take a moment to just breathe through the nausea that was threatening to spill out of him.
parents you’re at
“Were the other bodies in the same condition?” he asked, already glancing around the immediate area for other clues that might have been missed.
, obviously,” he stuttered with a nervous laugh. “And you’re not a toy! You’re your own person and you can do what you want – I get it –“
He was rambling. He knew it; Cas knew it, too, if his expression was anything to go by. With a deep breath, Dean forced himself to stop talking, gripping the steering wheel in his hands to ground himself instead. It only marginally helped, but it was better than nothing, and he sat there for a moment in complete silence, not daring to look at Cas in case he accidentally let slip what was swirling around in his head.
But Sam wasn’t there, not yet, and Cas was in trouble –
“So,” Bobby had hummed, turning the full weight of his gaze on Dean. “You gonna dawdle in here all day, or are you gonna scoot?”
Cas was in a stranger’s bed. Cas had
How had this happened?
“There’s a firepit out back,” Drew announced, already herding the girls down the hall. “Girls, can you get it started? Dean, grab the booze – there’s a boombox around here somewhere –“
“- feel free to contact us again with any more information,” he was murmuring, voice pitched quiet and low – obviously for a sleeping Dean’s benefit. “Yes, thank you for your time. Goodbye.”
Because now Dean was allowing himself to have these thoughts, he could very much appreciate how Cas’s chest puffed out, how strong he looked. When they’d first met, his suit had been too big on his thin frame, but over the years, the more they had fought together, he’d filled out with wiry muscle that now had his shirt pulling a little too tightly across chest. Dean caught himself thinking about peeling that shirt over firm shoulders, and forced himself to focus. It’d be really embarrassing if he ended up getting killed because he was fantasising about his best friend.
In all his life, Dean had never moved as fast as he had that evening when he’d heard his father’s voice. He’d dropped his cup as he flung himself away, completely out of the chair, and he’d had to catch himself before he fell directly into the firepit, alcohol making his legs a little wobbly. For just a second he had been still, trying to piece together what on Earth had just happened, when, through the flames, he had seen his father stood in the doorway.
And yet.
A fat pearl of pre-come dribbled from his cock, and he spread it around the head, breath catching in his lungs at the smooth, delicious drag. Unconsciously, his ass-cheeks clenched, balls drawing a little tighter as he raced towards release.
. “I’ve had other lovers who enjoyed watching pornography while we fornicated, and I saw no problem in letting others share mine and Dominic’s experience if it gave them pleasure, too.”
“Why am I looking at Cas’s bare ass?” Dean asked, still not quite able to believe that those words were coming out of his mouth.
“And…
But Bobby, in his ever unwavering, knowingly silent support, had taken one look at Dean on his porch that day – at the tears in his eyes, and the tremble in his hands – and had jerked his head towards the house.
“Yeah?”
understood how broken I am,” he croaked, breath stuttering in his chest. “Retaining some of my grace, but disconnected from my brethren, and all the while this feeling of… of
The kid rung him up quickly and handed over a key, obviously keen to get Dean as far away from him as possible. Dean felt bad for just a moment, but settled back into exhaustion before he could really beat himself up too hard. He turned to leave, but paused when he spotted a rack of flyers by the door, all advertising local attractions. They were still on a case, he figured, as he plucked a particularly…
“Not here to cramp your style,” Dean promised, even though he suddenly felt a little bit sick. Why was he pushing Cas away like this, again? “I’ll just, um – I’ll wait around for a little while, finish my beer, but if it looks like it’s going well, I’ll leave you to it. You can – call me if you need picking up, or something.”
“Fair enough.”
He blamed that for what he did next.
It didn’t look…
With Cas’s gaze still burning a hole in his back, Dean drew his cue back and let the white ball fly. It hit dead centre, knocking the other balls akimbo, and he couldn’t help the competitive twist he felt in his gut when a striped ball dropped into the top left pocket.
Dean had slept longer than he’d thought – almost three hours had passed. He did feel better, though, and said as much. Cas bobbed his head, smile still in place, and Dean found himself desperately wanting to kiss him.
knew it wouldn’t be right to dump anything else on the guy when he was already so obviously confused about his own surge of new feelings. It wasn’t fair to expect Cas to worry about him when they had so many more important things to concern themselves with.
For just a moment he thought about ignoring it, letting it dwindle by itself, but it had been a long day, and his body was clearly telling him that he needed to relax. Forcing himself not to think too hard about it, he reached for some of the complimentary moisturiser sat on the corner of the tub with all the other toiletries. It didn’t smell of anything, and he knew that meant it was better for sensitive skin, so he portioned some into his hand and then reached down to tease the head of his dick.
“It’s fine,” Cas replied, following with his eyes as Dean moved around the space. “I don’t need to sleep, anyway.”
Castiel allowed himself to be positioned, Dean’s hands as gentle as possible as he held his shoulders and pivoted him just enough so he could slip onto the bed behind him. He worked quickly, forcing some gel onto his fingers and then rubbing feather-light at the puckered skin around the wounds at Castiel’s back. He was careful not to get any inside – he wasn’t a
There was a quiet pause from Sam, before he asked, “Is that what I think it is? Please tell me you’re not gonna torch everything?”
“Did it at least work?”
with whatever conclusions he was obviously jumping to, which just put Dean even more on edge. Sammy didn’t have a single clue what was going on, but damned if Dean was going to bring it up if he didn’t have to. He could think what he liked – Dean knew the truth, and he knew that Sam would drop whatever he was thinking sooner or later.
“I… had to stop.”
Dean’s breath caught again, but he had expected it this time, and was able to make himself breathe through it. It still wasn’t bad, he told himself firmly, even as he squirmed a little. It wasn’t bad, but it was
?” Dean had to ask.
His breath caught, rattling around in his hollow chest, as he realised there were tears in his eyes. What was
An ancient Greek deity had gone rogue a hundred or so miles from Bastrop, Texas. The farming community out there had been struggling with a bad harvest and diseased animals, suddenly turned around only as bodies started dropping. Cas had called them in, and it had been pretty cut and dry from there – find the source (in this case, a cult of leathery farmers sacrificing people in exchange for healthy agriculture), gank the deity, and set the cult straight. With everything going on in the wider circle of their lives, it had almost felt nice to be beaten up by common garden maniacs again.
Forcing himself to take deep breaths, dick heavy and suddenly forgotten between his legs, he squirted a dollop of moisturiser into his hand and rubbed it around, letting it coat his fingers. Then, with a furtive glance, he raised one leg and balanced it on the lip of the tub, opening himself up to…
before. Sure, he knew what a Rugaru was, and could list all the ways to stop a ghost, but he hadn’t known what a
. It just meant that he had to double down and find him before things got any worse.
, of all people.
After a moment, Cas cleared his throat and asked, “What are we going to do about the basement?”
Dean finds something that might help them with the case, has an infuriating conversation with Sam, and comes to a life-changing realisation.
“I don’t like seeing the people I care about hurt,” he replied, proud of how even his voice was, even if he had to clear his throat first.
“Thanks,” he murmured, and even though it made his throat feel a little constricted again, he really meant it.
“Yeah,” he grunted, and had to clear his throat. “You, too.”
“Some kind of spell,” Cas groaned, teeth barred and impossibly white against the red of his skin. “He used my blade, but it didn’t… didn’t kill me, and I – it
“Are you sure-?”
He was a fucking disaster of a human being. Thank God Cas either hadn’t noticed, or was too kind to say anything, because he instead just smiled brightly and then turned away, heading over to the gorgeous guy at the bar. Dean tried to look nonchalant as he cleared their game away, but his chest was starting to hurt, and he really didn’t want to have to look over at how it was going.
. “Could you not just mojo yourself clean?”
“It’s just an expression!” Dean squeaked, lightning fast. “I don’t care if you’re promised the best sex of your life –
“I know what you think of me, Dean,” he whispered, bitter, after a few moments of tense silence. “An angel of the Lord, unconcerned with the intricacies of the human condition. Untouchable, unruffled. Your faith in that is kind, Dean, but unjustified. I am…”
“Cas,” Dean automatically replied, before shaking his head to focus himself. “Cas! You, um…”
That, he could do. Huffing out a laugh, feeling a little bit more centered, he grabbed her hand and pulled her up the bed towards him.
Dean could no sooner come up with a sensible answer to that than he could fart the alphabet. Instead, a string of garbled noises escaped his mouth, sounding a lot like a wheeze of pain, and he banged his head against the surface of the table to shut himself up.
“Our time together was very pleasurable,” Cas shrugged a single shoulder, as though he were talking about root vegetables or baseball scores rather than his
brightly.
Cas tilted his head to the side, squinted at Dean with an intense focus that made him feel a little hot around the collar, before a small smile tugged at the corners of his lips.
“This is…” Cas didn’t seem to be able to find the words he was looking for as he stared around them with wide eyes. “Some of this feels
“I know that, Sam!” Dean snapped again, heart beating painfully in his chest. “I’m not an idiot.”
“What?”
“Yeah, it’s…” he struggled for a moment with how to respond. “Not everyone is comfortable, being that intimate with a stranger.”
Dean sighed, trying to find the energy to argue. “Can you not just give us some extra blankets?”
“Sam’s found a case?” Cas prompted, once it became apparent Dean no longer had the capacity to speak. “Do you need my assistance?”
before it was all gone. Victims usually looked anaemic, sure, and usually more than a little torn apart, but not
“Come on, Cas,” he growled when it went to voicemail, “I need you to call me back.”
“Oh my
“Sheriff? FBI’s here to see you.”
There's some fairly graphic descriptions of a dead body in this chapter, but it's important to the plot, so proceed with caution!
he cared that he had been acting crazy in the first place.
ignored the haunted look in his eyes as he towelled his hair dry in the mirror.
“- usually attached to a witch as her familiar. The lore says they’re immortal, passed down from mother to daughter, and they usually… well, let’s just say it’s not usually a platonic relationship.”
“Agent,” he greeted, voice strained. “I wasn’t aware the Bureau was sending anyone.”
, because he wasn’t a child.
“Yeah.”
Time for another finger. Dean didn’t know when his body had decided one wasn’t enough, but there was barely any resistance when he added another. The fact he was now furiously pumping his dick in time with his thrusting appendage might had eased the way; he found he didn’t really care, because when he went back with the second finger in tow, he grazed something inside that shot surprising, electric heat from his head right down to the tips of his toes.
Cas had also woken up with a boner, which… hadn’t made anything easier. At some point during the night, he had gravitated towards Dean’s warmth, so that by the time he had woken up they were basically plastered together in the middle of the bed. Dean hadn’t wanted to wake him – hadn’t really wanted to move at all – and so he’d let it happen. If he’d wrapped an arm around Cas’s middle, too… well. It was just to stop the guy from moving around so much.
(trademark pending).
“That’s bad, is what it is,” Dean finished for him. His heart was pounding in his chest, and it had nothing to do with Cas anymore.
Cas hummed again, low in his throat, and Dean barely supressed the pleasant shudder that was trying to wrack his body.
Cas didn’t know what he’d done. As long as he acted normal, nothing had to change. Nothing
It was… sure something he was picturing Cas doing now, though.
– cheeks. Almost as though the act were an answered prayer.
what his problem was. Cas was entitled to sleep with whoever he wanted – go anywhere and do anything he wanted – and yet… Dean had always, somewhat selfishly, assumed that he and Sam were the centre of Cas’s world. He’d
“Maybe,” Dean replied, though truthfully, he didn’t have the faintest clue.
Like Sammy said, there's really not a lot of information about the Impundulu online. I'd usually hit my local library and try to get more sources, but, y'know... pandemic, so I took bits from a couple of online articles and added a little artistic licence; I know it's a part of traditional South African culture and just tried to be as respectful as possible.
Cas hesitated, but then reached out to pull the four victims’ reports from his pile of papers. “Maybe? A lot of the town’s records have been uploaded onto their website, so I ran the victims’ names through the search function to see if anything linked them – “
“Got it,” Cas replied, brow adorably focused.
“ – you
He must have dozed – his exhaustion now greater than his irritation at the mattress – because it took him a second to blink his eyes open when something heavy and warm was suddenly draped over his chest.
– purred.
,” he panted, already searching for the same spot.
“Which thigh?” he continued into the phone, ushering the paramedic along with him back towards the body.
. The very last person he had expected a call from was
Dean pretends he's okay, Cas sees right through it, and John Winchester proves (once again) just how much of an asshole he really is.
Castiel grabbed the end of the towel coming back for him and pulled Dean in with it, turning them so he could pin him against the counter. Dean gave a single huff of protest before his hands came around Castiel’s back, resting just above his ass. Castiel smiled and pressed in closer, kissing Dean deeply until the rest of Dean’s body relaxed against him.
“Cas. I knew. Baby was in the garage when you came in with your car. Nobody that knows something about cool cars, walks past her without saying something.“ said Dean laughing.
“That’s it!” said Charlie with a surprisingly steady voice, despite the tears glittering in her eyes, as she stood up. “Why was I so stupid? I’m going to make him regret ever messing with one of the Scooby gang!”
“Yeah, probably.” Castiel laughed as he nodded. “Seeing as how both Mr. Thompson and Miss Abner get up with the sun, I’d say there's a good chance one of them would throttle you if you started up a chainsaw.”
“Also,” Castiel drew Dean’s attention back towards him, “I should’ve clarified before, but I don’t have a vehicle with me. I walked here.”
Since he’s already at the hospital, Dean figures he should probably pick up an extra shift to make himself useful. As he makes his way down the corridor, Castiel’s office looms on his left, the door firmly closed and the lights turned off. He lingers for just a moment, using the hand sanitizer to kill some time, thinking of Charlie and her mission. He can go and check up on Castiel, make sure he’s safe in bed and unlikely to wander about and catch him in the act. Maybe they can hang out for a bit before his break runs out. Then he can return to the office and… break in. A cold sweat breaks out under his armpits at the thought of being caught. He can’t get into trouble so early in his career, he
with a relative stranger."
Turning back to face him, Dean yelled back, “Home. I don’t need to listen to a guy who doesn’t know how to use a condom, telling me how to not get my boyfriend pregnant.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow in a manner that would have had Dean ripping his clothes off and begging for mercy if they were in the bedroom. “I see. Well, I will be there, yes. Perhaps I could buy you a coffee as a thank you.”
“No offence, but that’s the dumbest thing I have heard you say.” Before she could say anything back, he continued, “They are never going to forget him, trust me. Besides, I know for a fact that there is a custom made Christmas tree topper with your dad’s name engraved on it somewhere. It was the first thing your uncle bought.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That does not look comfortable! Can guys really do that?” asked Ash looking at the page Dean was on, upside down from where he was sitting. The position in question didn’t look
“No, I got it.”
.” Benny rolled his eyes but nudged Dean’s leg, letting him know he was half-joking.
“Why the hell are you
this, not since Lisa, and well… that hadn’t ended well. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to meet Castiel’s family, because he was actually shocked and excited that Castiel care about him enough to
He blew out a slow breath and tried to calm himself to think. He wasn’t sure how many of them there were... He had felt at least two sets of hands holding him down while someone tied him up, he was pressed into the door so either someone was sitting in the middle or there were two people in the back with him. Someone was obviously driving and the sound of laughter was coming from what sounded like the passenger seat. He sounded like a goddamn maniac and Dean had a really strong urge to hit him in the face,
Dean shut the door behind them and they both quickly shed their outer gear and boots, Dean taking Castiel’s jacket and scarf and sliding in socked feet into the kitchen to hang everything on the back of a chair before returning to the foyer to reach for Castiel’s hand.
“Charlie, his best friend is Sam Winchester and he’s related to Lucifer. How can he be someone Dean wants to date? Besides, we don’t even know if this guy is gay or not!” Jo was all for Dean being happy, she just didn’t want to risk Dean getting hurt in the progress.
Since Charlie was still trying to process what she had just learned, Ash, who up till now had been doing god knows what on his phone, asked, “Wait! Isn’t that the guy that wrote the books Charlie is always talking about? You know, the ones about the two models or something.”
"- because sausage is the only appropriate breakfast food," Amelia finished with a smile, chuckling as she shook her head. "And he would've hated that Claire got makeup from her Aunt Anna."
He’d heard through the grapevine -- Ellen and Jo -- that Sam had started a new relationship and that the man was ‘well employed’. He snorted. Medical Director was much better than he’d expected. Another Lawyer, sure, he’d even entertained the thought of Sam’s beau being an astronaut, though that was more for the consideration that maybe he’d relocate with Sam to outer space and then Dean would never have to confront Sam…
It came out a little louder this time, but nowhere near loud enough to hear over their own talking.
It was a week later in regularly scheduled gym class, that coach Turner would announce who got in the extra class and who didn't. Dean was in a pretty good mood when he and Benny walked into the gym. His good mood was ruined the moment he saw John talking to coach Turner.
Sam knew his friends, knew that there was no way they would’ve left Dean in an area that he would’ve been found. He assumed that it was Castiel or maybe even Charlie that had found him, which meant… someone had to have tipped them off. Lucifer and Uriel, wouldn’t do that, at least not so soon. They loved scaring people, leaving them in the middle of nowhere with no way home, but they usually sent someone the next day to check and bring them back to town. After they bragged about it, of course. Sam had no idea how they’d gotten away with it for so long.
Dean was greatly enjoying this visit with Doctor Novak, and was in no hurry to leave, so in an attempt to keep the conversation going, he blurted out “so, I guess if you’re well enough you’ll have to go to this stupid seminar at the weekend? I would play sick if I was you.”
“It’s, uh, new,” Dean answered honestly, giving a small shrug. He listened for a moment, still hearing the shower running, before looking back at his phone. “Really new. But it’s good.”
Dean chuckled and nodded. “Yeah, I was planning on it. As long as that’s okay with you?” He glanced up and saw Amelia smiling over her shoulder at Cas. He cleared his throat and looked back down at Claire. “Do you want to help me make hot chocolate?”
“I have great respect for all of our military personnel,” Castiel said, giving Dean a genuine smile. “Its not an easy lifestyle by any means.”
Dean had just finished getting changed into his gym t-shirt and shorts when he heard Uriel say, “Hey Losechester, we don’t like fags in our changing room.”
met someone he likes. I’m not going to let Sam ruin that,” Charlie huffed out as the two of them walked to math class together. They had discovered out earlier that day that Castiel would be joining the two of them in that class. Therefore, math class was the perfect place to talk to Castiel. If Charlie’s plan was going to work, they needed to talk to Castiel. Without Dean finding out.
“Okay, baby,” Dean agreed.
They both groaned as their erections rubbed together through the thin layer of their boxers. Dean’s hands slid down the slope of Castiel’s back and gripped his ass as he rutted upwards with a growl. Castiel gasped and threw his head back, breaking a very heated kiss. He dove back down and began to kiss and suck marks along Dean’s throat.
Walking into the Winchester's house felt surreal to Dean; he’d spent countless hours growing up imagining what the inside of the house looked like. Turned out his imagination was spot on in most cases. Everything inside was straight out of a interior magazine: big fireplace, designer chairs, paintings on the walls that cost more than Dean wanted to venture a guess at, and all the newest technology. Even with a party in full swing, Dean could tell that the house was usually kept spotless.
“And you remembered all of those details? That’s really impressive,” Castiel said in awe, “I mean there are few mistakes but most of it is correct.”
He heard Cas moan louder, and realized that he had woken up when a hand rested on top of his head, over the blanket. Dean redoubled his efforts and sucked
Dean lost count of how many times he had been pushed over, tripped, or run into before the class was up. All he knew was that he was hurting all over and he couldn’t wait to get home. Jo and Benny also had some scrapes and bruises after the class, but they hadn’t had it as bad as Dean.
With one hand on her hip, she dragged out his name as she made sure to hold the plate out of his reach.
“Then who’s going to be Cas’ best man?” asked Dean jokingly as he got up to follow her out of the library, glad to finally have his best friend back.
Determined to get some work done, Castiel pulled his bag close, perched his black framed glasses on his nose, and took out a folder containing a stack of cases along with his favorite red pen. Reading through the paper on the top of the stack, he marked a few errors and made corrections and notes in the margin. Reading a paragraph about a coronary bypass three different times caused him to tilt his head back on his pillow, his eyes closing and mind wandering. Hazy images of green floated by, that may or may not have been attached to a man in a white doctor's coat. He dozed, red pen still hovering over the paper he was editing.
“Sorry!” said Sam as he patted his pockets to find his phone under the angry stare of the librarian. Finding it, he quickly looked at the screen before answering. “Hey Mom!” in a low voice.
“I thought you needed to go,” said Charlie as she memorized what page she was on and then put her book down on the table in front of her. She didn’t find Benny sitting in front of her like she thought she would. Instead, she found none other than Sam ‘frigging’ Winchester.
“Don't whine. The department board said it was mandatory, and I already signed us up for the course that's for next Saturday.”
“Good! You have to be willing to share what you think about what happens, if you can relate to what happens to the characters or not. Write how you would feel if someone showed up at your house and dragged you with them on a dangerous journey. Put yourself in Bilbo’s shoes! Would you be willing to die for something, just because of who your-- ”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean muttered, turning and moving out of Castiel’s kitchen, pulling his scrub top off as he walked down the hallway. Castiel smiled as he watched Dean throw the dirty laundry into the hamper in Castiel’s room, something warm swirling through his stomach at the domestic act.
“Claire!” Amelia scolded her again just as Castiel came back into the living room, carrying two large pizzas and balancing plates and napkins on top.
Castiel waited a moment, eyes locked with Dean’s, before nodding. “Thanks Doctor, I'm fine for now.”
"Jimmy isn't the only one," Amelia started again, drawing Castiel's attention back to her, "I really like Dean, too. I think he's good for you. Hell, for this family. I don't think I've ever seen Gabriel prank someone so quickly, or Michael be so invested in talking about
“Do you want to tell me what that was all about?”
having him there. The two of them did not get along.
Cas sighed and set down his mug.
The next few hours were spent on the couch, watching some old reruns, as he waited for Castiel. Every now and then his phone would ping with new messages from his friends about what was going on in school, or in Ash's case, some random conspiracy theories he’d found. In the background, he listened to his mom run around the house to make it spotless, torn between grateful he didn’t have to clean and itching to get up and help her. Every little dust bunny had to go, though Dean had no doubt his grandmother would find the one that got away. He contemplated getting out of her way and going back to his room, but the short journey from his mom’s room to the living room had been exhausting. It wasn’t worth risking the stairs unless he had to. Besides, Castiel would be there soon.
Dean nodded and followed the instructions, finding the living room easy and leaning the tree against the far wall. He turned back around, looking around the room and raising a brow when Cas came back into the room with a tree stand. “This is what you consider messy?” Dean said with a smile. There was a few magazines out, a book opened on the coffee table, and two bottles of water. “I would hate for you to see my place…” Dean laughed.
Cas replied immediately, his hands trailing up Dean’s thighs, one hand wrapping tightly around Dean’s cock and matching the pace Dean had set. They moved in a seamless rhythm until Dean couldn’t tell where one of them began or ended. The sound of skin moving against skin was almost too loud in the quiet by the river, the rest of the world falling away save for the two of them.
“Let’s start with you, Mr. Winchester,” said Crowley, giving a pointed look to Sam. “Follow me. The rest of you, sit down and behave yourselves.”
“None of your business,” said Dean as he pulled his covers higher up around him, looking everywhere but at his father. Even if it might bite him in the ass later, Castiel moved back towards Dean and took his hand in his. He could feel John’s angry gaze on their hands but the smile Dean sent his way as he squeezed his hand was worth it.
Castiel nodded and laughed, heading for the door. He hesitated in halfway out the doorway, looking back to meet Dean’s eyes over his cup of coffee. “Tonight?”
Please let me know what you think :)
“Claire,” Amelia interrupted again, placing the bowl of cranberries she was stringing onto the coffee table and standing from the couch, “don’t you think it's up to your Uncle to invite Dean if he wants him there?”
“I know! I shouldn’t have done that. I just— I saw him looking at the literature sheet and he almost signed up for it! The only reason he didn’t was that John called him. John already messed up my life, I didn’t want him to…” Dean trailed off when he noticed the sad look his mom was sending him.
Hi there! This is BabysNotaProp and I'm so excited to show you guys what I've decided to add to the story. Fair warning, it's NSFW. Thank you to the amazing CastielsCarma for betaing my chapter.
“Huhh… oh hey, Dean. I didn’t hear you, I was too busy trying to get this goddamn thing to work,” said Bobby as he hit the computer screen in front of him.
The past two weeks were probably the strangest of Dean’s life. If someone had told him a few weeks ago that he wouldn’t be on speaking terms with Charlie, his
. On his knees in front of them is Dean. In his left hand is a ring, in his right, is a sign that reads
Dean chuckled, watching the man’s face for a moment. Since they opened the lot, Dean had met a lot of people in their neighborhood, even receiving an influx of regulars for their normal car maintenance. But he’d never seen this man before…
over at Tumblr) it would never by as good without them.
For one thing, I never had to deal with any serious injuries a side from one broken arm when I was too young to remember. Another reason is that the medical system works a lot differently in the USA then it dose in Iceland or Sweden (at least as far as I know.)
When he got to the kitchen he was greeted with his favorite breakfast: pancakes with a side of bacon. A sure sign that his mother was trying to make him feel better. Not that his mother never did anything like this without a reason, but normally she wouldn’t have time for it on Saturday mornings. After all, she had to go open up the store before Dean had to go to work.
After everyone had changed into dry clothes, Bobby took them out to eat. He bought Dean the biggest slice of pie available for desert, asking Dean to tell him every play, even though he’d seen it. Dean did so happily, recalling the entire game for Bobby, everything that happened in the match right up till his mom sent him to bed.
“Really, dude?” asked Benny unimpressed. “What are they working on anyway?”
“He’s not that famous and I have never seen a reason why I need to tell people what my father does. One of the reason why I spent so much time reading when I was growing up was because he was always too busy writing his books to do something with my and Gabriel,” explained Castiel.
Dean chuckled as he stretched his legs out, laying his head against Castiel’s chest and wrapping an arm around his waist. “She
“I’m officer Kontos, but you can call me Doug. I just need you to answer a couple of questions,” the officer said, slipping his hat off his head and holding it in front of him. “You were the ones to find Mr. Winchester in the woods, right? Mind telling me what you were doing there?”
“You’re changing the subject.”
Sam clicked his tongue, thinking, then shook his head before pressing on. “He went to a psychiatrist for a few months, basically some cognitive behavioral therapy to get out of that mindset, and for the most part it worked. Until… Eileen.”
After eating one of the best burgers Dean had ever tasted, not that he was ever going to admit that to Ellen or his mom, Dean asked Castiel if he wanted to try out the pool table in the back. Dean had grown up playing pool at the Roadhouse with his friends so he was pretty good, if he said so himself. After learning that Castiel had never played pool before, Dean took it as his personal mission to teach him everything he knew. The fact that he got to stand really close to Castiel didn’t factor into that decision at all. Dean was a gentleman, afterall!
“Dean, wha-what are you doing?” Castiel stammered as Dean dipped his tongue into his belly button.
This was by no means the first time Sam had been in the principal’s office. It was, however, the first time that he didn’t know why. Being out of the loop was putting him on edge. And the police man behind Crowley wasn’t helping. “Can I ask what this is all about?”
“Help me? How was befriending Sam ever going to help me?” asked Dean, shocked.
“You!” said John while pointing at Dean, “You have detention with me today.”
“I expect every member of the football team in my office, immediately, if they don’t wish to spend the remainder of their high school career in
Happy reading :)
“What! Why not?” said Castiel, totally missing the tone of what Dean said.
“I want to believe you, I do. But he’s my best friend. Hell, whether you like it or not, he’s your brother and
“Dean blamed himself, still blames himself, for not saving her. It doesn’t matter that she was killed on impact, or that even if he’d managed to see the car, he most likely wouldn’t have been able to move in time. Dean feels like he failed her, and in turn, failed me. He… he doesn’t think he’s worthy of being in my life,” Sam finished with a sharp laugh. “He doesn’t understand that I need my brother, that I want my big brother. I don’t… I don’t blame him in any way.”
“I’m not really hungry right now but we can still watch something. Just... not Game of Thrones, please,” answered Charlie in a low, sad voice. Dean bringing up Game of Thrones had reminded Charlie of how much she’d enjoyed talking to Sam and now she felt guilty.
Normally, detentions at school would be an hour of sitting in a classroom doing nothing. Occasionally, depending on the teacher, the students would get an extra assignment that they had to do. On the rare occasion Crowley was in charge of the detention, the students would have to stand in line for the whole hour. If you stepped out of line, you would have to go to the back and your hour would start again. The school record for the longest detention was four and a half hours. Since Crowley had given John
“Fuck, how damn selfish can you be? You might as well have died in that car crash too! You walk around like a ghost and no one’s seen you at home in ages. Jo’s the only one who even knows anything about how you’re doing, and that’s because she works there with you! I have had enough, dammit. You’re going to stop it.”
- Supernatural -
Since the living room hadn’t been furnished with so many people in mind, there wasn’t enough space for everyone on the couches. Michael had been quick to claim seats for him and his wife “as his right as the oldest” which turned into a “That’s my seat” debate before Anna gave up to sit on a blanket on the floor with her kids.
. Beyond picking the lock to his office and breaking in when nobody is looking, of course.
“How does around seven on Saturday sound?” asked Castiel.
,”came principal Crowley’s voice from the cafeteria entrance where he and a police officer were standing.
Chuck Shurley?”
"Hmm?"
“I would too if I were him!” Castiel weezed as he wiped the tears from his eyes. “If I ever stay with you, I’m definitely bringing my travel kit.” Castiel’s eyes widened and he blushed as he realized what he just implied. “I uh, I,” he cleared his throat, “how about we look at those trees now?” He held his breath, praying Dean would let the subject change fly.
“It’s Castiel, sir,” he corrected but Mr. Devereaux didn’t pay any attention to him as he sat down in front of his computer.
Dean picked up the cups he had brought in and handed one to Castiel. “Here, I got you some coffee.”
“She’s supposed to be your
“Sam still upstairs?” John asked walking past her, not even stopping to get an answer. A moment later, she heard raised voices before a door slammed shut. A part of her wanted to know what was going on upstairs but she didn’t want to be caught eavesdropping. Making her way to the front door, she rounded the same corner John just had come from.
By the time Dean drank his coffee, the eggs and potatoes were done, so Dean piled them onto a plate and poured a cup of coffee, placing everything on a tray to take up to Cas.
A small part of Dean wanted to know which one of his friends had given Castiel his number, but in the end, it didn’t really matter. I would be easier to just delete the message and pretend he never got it. But when he had open up the deleted option he just couldn't press the button.
, but he got over it.”
He still remembered what she looked like in the hospital bed, had snuck in once for a dressing change once. But most of the time, his father had been shut behind the curtain, talking in hushed whispers with the doctor, while Dean watched Sam in the playroom. They spend most of the time watching people come and go, in various stages of healing.
On Sunday evening, the whole gang got together in Benny’s room as planned to watch the Walking Dead episode. After the episode, they started playing a car-racing game. Right now, Ash was sitting backwards on Benny’s deckchair, Dean and Jo were lying at the end of Benny’s bed, and Benny and Charlie were lying on the floor in what Dean would call a race to the death, just from how competitive the two of them were.
“Ha! And you said I was bad. At least I have seen the movies,” called Jo from where she was locking the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, I am,” he said after a moment, realizing he’d been staring at his boyfriend and Sam had probably seen his moon eyes.
a few of Charlie’s books in the past and read them. He liked them quite a lot, actually, but he wasn’t about to let his friends know about it. It was kind of his guilty pleasure. He had even bought two of his favorite books and they were now well hidden in his bedroom, far better hidden than his porn magazines. He wasn’t really worried that his friends would ever find the books, either. Benny and Ash had learned their lesson when they had gone through his room looking for porn. Why they thought he would have some magazines with naked girls in the first place was beyond him. They stopped looking after that and Dean quickly learned that it was just better to let the girls know where they were instead of letting them tear through his room looking.
“Your place it is then,” Castiel replied with a quirk of his lips and another teasing squeeze.
. Dean was about to apologize for startling the man, when the words got stuck in his throat.
“I still don’t trust you. But... I’m willing to try to help you
Dean felt his cock throb between them and he cleared his throat. “I was tested, after my last relationship. I’m clean.” He felt himself flush slightly, despite knowing how important the conversation was, it was never exactly easy to have.
Cas had just finished filling all of Dean’s friends in on what happened the day before when Sam, who’d been mysteriously absent all morning, walked in, head held high and his body vibrating with confidence. He grabbed his food and sat down with his friends at the jock’s table and soon after, the table burst into laughter.
first stop?”
Dean cackled at that, leading them to the car and stopping to lean against the door. Castiel stepped up close before him, shaking his head with a small, nervous smile. A shiver went down Dean’s back as something cold hit the back of his neck and he looked up, small flecks of white swirling in the air around them.
But, he can do it, for Sam. He still thought that out of the two of them, Eileen should’ve been the one to survive for Sam, but if his brother wanted him in his life? Well, if that’s what he needs. Wiping away a tear, he nods and clears his throat. “Fine, okay. Yes. I can do that, but... one condition.”
to his party this Saturday,” said Dean, still in shock. “Or more like demanded I showed up. You're invited too by the way.”
Castiel chuckled, his cheeks flushing, and shrugged, moving to stand beside Dean instead. “Hello, Dean.”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel said sincerely, accepting Sam’s silence and falling into it himself. The man sitting at his bedside was one that Castiel had grown to enjoy the company of, despite him only being in a relationship with Luc for a little over a month. He could tell why his brother had already fallen for Sam. He was smart, kind hearted, attractive… qualities he’d seen in Sam’s brother, Doctor Winchester. Despite the circumstances that brought them together, Castiel was glad Sam was in their lives.
“It’s really good,” came a voice above him.
Stepping into the aforementioned room, Dean took a deep breath and tore his eyes away from the chart to look at his patient. Then, promptly crashed right into the metal linen hamper, because holy shit the guy wears glasses, too.
Cas rolled his eyes, but he grinned as he started singing along. "
Stay tuned for our final chapter next week by lotrspnfangirl!!!
From what Castiel had told him, Sam was good for Lucifer too. Growing up, Lucifer had always felt the pressure from their father to be perfect, to get into the best schools and uphold the family image. He was so obsessed with it that Castiel feared he would work himself into an early grave. Luc opened his own club, which went against their father's wishes, while still working at a top law agency, relaxing only in the early hours of the night, jumping from one one night stand to the next.
Once their relationship had passed three months, Castiel spent the next few weeks holding his breath, waiting for the inevitable falling out. He wouldn’t admit it, not out loud, but he clung to Dean just a little harder. When six months came and went, they were packing a U-haul with all of Dean’s belongings, all of their friends helping them move into Castiel’s house with the promise of pizza and beer.
I'm terribly sorry for the long wait! I want to say it will never happen again, but I would probably be lying.
Castiel stepped inside first, Dean pressing in behind him. He’d just finished kicking of his shoes when a guy he’d never seen before walked around into the hall. At least he could be reassured he had never given Luc an awkward prostate exam...
“But they’re all there for you, you know, and any one of your cousins or aunts and uncles would be willing to talk to you about him, if you wanted. I didn’t have as many people around me as you do. My parents were both only children, Sam was too young to even remember her, and my dad-- my dad missed her too much to talk about her,” said Dean.
“So, not that I don’t appreciate the phone call, but I’m assuming there was a reason behind it?”
“So I told him you would come running if he brought pie. What was I supposed to do? He thought you were avoiding him!” Charlie defended herself. With an eyebrow raised she added, “But of course you’re only avoiding Sam, right?”
The next few hours were spent checking and rechecking on various patients, a couple of them had succumbed to their injuries which were too great to help them. Once he finally had a few minutes, he escaped outside, thankful he’d been able to keep the tears for the lost victims at bay until he was alone. Sitting down on an empty milk crate, tipped on its side as a makeshift chair, he covered his face with his hands, swallowing heavily as his tears flowed.
“Oh crap! You’re Dean! Right? You are Dean?”
“Sit your ass down, NOW! That’s an order! Dean!”
“What if I told you that you were already guaranteed another date?” Castiel whispered as he leaned in closer.
Castiel and Gabriel were almost at the bed when Dean finally noticed them. “Cas! Where did you come--you just popped up!” Dean said and tried, or at least that was Castiel thought he was doing, to use his hands to somehow demonstrate Cas materializing into thin air before he got distracted by his cast yet again.
“I could make you say it, you know,” Dean said in jest, working the ring out of the box. Castiel glared at him, but Dean kissed it away, slipping the ring onto his finger. Castiel looked at it, lifting his hand to better see it in their lamplight, then reached for Dean’s head, pulling him in for a kiss.
“Honestly, you two. You’re worse than Jo. She took one look at me, said I should have been more careful and that she had other patients to tend to. It’ll take more than a fall from a ladder to finish me off, you two should know that.” She smiles warmly, chucking Sam under the chin as she does and he smiles weakly, clearly shaken but relieved. “Now, Doctor Winchester, are you going to get me some x-rays or do I have to sit here all day?”
“Great! It’s a dat-” Maybe calling it a date wasn’t the best idea.
“Don’t look so frightened, Winchester. I already gave that anal abscess lance to Doctor Tarbot, you’re safe.”
“You mean about you liking boys or you liking me?” asked Castiel with a grin on his face that Dean wanted to hide from. Even though he was ninety-nine percent sure that Castiel liked him too, Dean was kind of hoping to disappear right about now.
“Yeah, Cas said he was going to give you a pass for this. Good thing, too, or I’d have to have taken some drastic measures.”
“I’d better listen to your chest, and review your meds.” Dean put his stethoscope on Castiel’s chest and listened, then his back, and looked thoughtful.
since I’ve done this, and I’m not sure if I remember how to set it up in the stand.”
empty. By that he meant all of his stuff was gone. All of it, gone! The old leather jacket he loved that he had gotten from his mom two months earlier, gone! His phone and keys, gone! There wasn’t anything left in the room that wasn’t bolted to the walls or the floor.
In the past, Balthazar had helped Cas arrange for needed supplies after a major accident nearly depleted their own supply. Cas felt slightly embarrassed for thinking the worst of his friend. “I appreciate the offer, but I believe we have everything covered.”
Dean smiled, remembering the long night they’d spend wrapped up in their bed for the first time after Dean moved in, and the three words that slipped out before he could call them back. He’d meant them, however, as much as he hadn’t known it at the time.
Cas smiles and nuzzles their noses together. "I love you, too."
“She tried to walk, I remember her telling my dad that the gas station was just a few miles away. But she wasn’t dressed appropriately and the cold was too much. When they finally found her, she was severely hypothermic and had third and fourth degree frostbite on her hands and feet.” Dean cleared his throat, looking down at his own hands. “They transferred her to the burn center and she was there for a few weeks…”
He cast a quick look to the side, startled as the door on the other end of the hall was slammed open so hard that it rang through the whole hall. It didn’t surprise him to see Sam walk in with Alistair and Lucifer right behind him.
“Your girlfriend is a lucky woman.”
Before reading, Dean decided to try to find out how owned the journal and why that person would leave it for him. Dean quickly flipped through the journal but all it did was confuse him even more. Pictures or articles of him, his mom, and of Sam were all over the journal. Once in a while an article about John would even pop up. The news article of his mom’s café-shop opening, the article about him winning the sport-tournament in first grade, it was all there.
“This was nice,” he whispered, resting his chin on Dean’s chest.
"It's what they heard." He scrubbed a hand over his face. "I'm sorry. I'm really not good company I guess."
I took Dean a little more than an hour to fix the car. It appeared that Bobby had a sixth sense or something, since he had come in right before Dean was done and asked if he should call the owner and let him know the car was ready.
Why does it matter when she did it? Charlie killed me because I told Dean all of her darkest secrets.
“No, I’m not tired. I think I’m just gonna try finding something to watch before Cas gets here,” Dean said as he pulled the comforter off him, swinging his legs over the edge of the bed.
“It’s okay, I’ll clean it up,” Dean said quickly, pulling Castiel away from the breakfast bar as the man tried to multitask hacking up a lung and finding a towel.  Dean helped him over to the couch, pulling a thick blanket from the back of the recliner and settling it over his shoulders.
She must have been in some kind of a shock because she didn't hear the warning from her friends before it was too late. The next thing she knew, Dean was there and was opening the door wider so he could see what was happening.
“Alright,” Dean said reluctantly, pushing back and sliding off the end of the bed. “I love you,” he said as he exited the room, letting the door fall mostly shut behind him.
Cas moved with ease around the kitchen, like he belonged there and had spent a lot of time there. Dean could almost smell cinnamon and clove and turkey and potatoes - everything for his fantasy holiday dinner - and he could even hear the sounds of family gathered around the table, sweet sounds of children laughing as they chase each other around the living room. Woah, where did that all come from?
Castiel had really had enough of being a patient, but he must admit that it had its perks - perks like his doctor, for instance. Knowing that the inescapably handsome Doctor Winchester was due to check up on him any minute now, he tried to make himself as presentable as possible. It wasn’t easy, given that he was confined to bed, but he ran his hand through his hair in an attempt to tame it, and plastered on his best smile.
"The entire
“Fine,” answered Alistair at the same time Lucifer said, “Whatever you want, man, he’s your brother.”
“Don’t worry, I will be there when he gets out of detention. After all, I’m only here because I’m waiting for him.”
“You are gorgeous,” Dean hummed as he began to kiss his way down Castiel’s chest and abdomen.
And now Cas' earlier insistence about the reservation and processes being in place made sense. "Rules are there for a reason. You know that just as well as I do."
Dean might love Luc just a little bit, too, but only because he had somehow managed to grill the
They ended up sitting there for a few minutes in silence except for the occasional snore from Ash. They all ended up huddled around Dean, Dean himself in between the girls and Benny sitting down on the floor in front of Jo with his shoulder touching Dean’s knee. That was all he needed to be reminded that they were there for him.
“What time is it?” he asked groggily, running a hand through his messy hair.
Sam had just smiled and told him to have faith. Then, they’d sold out of their entire inventory by the end of the week.
Sam hangs up the phone, his face pale. “Dean, that was Bobby. He’s at the hospital. Ellen had an accident.”
“I wasn’t thinking. I’m sorry!” said Dean as he gave her a hug over the counter.
“What? Why didn’t you say anything?” asked Castiel shocked.
“Good,” Balthazar started, sitting down on the edge of Castiel's Bed. “It was a nasty RTC - multiple vehicles and multiple casualties, I'm afraid. Apparently there were at least two fatalities at the scene.” He looked truly upset at the thought, and Castiel sadly realised that this was an extremely unusual look on his friend, who was usually full of frivolity. The accident must have been really horrendous.
Looking at the power display going on between his brother and boyfriend, Sam turned to Cas. “Do I even want to know?”
me, smartass,” he said with an eye roll. “That’s me and my mom. It’s the last photo we took together.”
Pulling the drawer on his bedside table open, he threw the journal in and slammed it back.
“Took your damn time, boy. I thought you worked at this place?”
Beside him, Gabriel's wife Kali cut him off from where she was feeding their two year old Leigha, "He adds enough rum for you to drink it."
"I'm going to be a little late, but—"
“Bite me!” called Dean over his shoulder as he walked over to the shower stalls.
Dean. There is no way he didn’t plan this,” argued Benny.
"Bobby would've grabbed the shotgun and pumped me full of lead," Dean finished.
When Castiel went to close the door, he heard John ask in a low voice, “You said he was gonna be alright, right?”
"Too late for you, intruder," Ellison said then, and looked right at Dean.
The space outside the bunker where Sam weathered his unnatural withdrawal symptoms was ten and a half steps from staircase to door, and then four steps across. When Dean heard a noise from inside the warded and padded bunker — a shout or a crash or a whimper — he would pause mid-step even though there was absolutely nothing he could do.
Dean had never dared ask Cas how much angels could see of him. How much
Rob grinned at him. "Here demons die just like anyone else, if you know to root them out," he said and hefted his shotgun demonstrably.
Robert's mouth drew into a smile like a bowstring. "You can't kill me," he said, and Dean couldn't understand how he could have mistaken him for human. "I'll be here as long as mankind sheds blood."
But the night air was raising goosebumps on his forearms, below the pushed-up sleeves of his jacket, and the feeling of being watched was still prickling down his neck, so even though it felt like the hardest thing he'd ever had to do, Dean bent his head even further, pulling away from Cas' mouth to
He heard a soft hiss of indrawn breath from above, but Dean had to focus on something more immediate. The warm bulge in the slacks in front of him, the somehow complicated undoing of the belt buckle. He slid the belt out like he had the tie, and let it clatter to the floor beside them. He undid the button and the zipper quickly, like he was afraid of changing his mind. He wasn't going to change his mind, but everything felt urgent; desperate.
"You're not the one asking," Cas said. "God is."
"What if we killed the demon who holds all the deals?" Sam said. Dean stilled.
Dean lets Sam lead the way inside, where there’s a long bar with salt and pepper shakers and napkin holders placed out at regular intervals, with stools and a foot rail. Beside the door is a phonograph and one of the customers at the bar must’ve had a nickel to spare, because a record is spinning on the turntable and Benny Goodman is crooning. Sam walks to the end of the counter and the covered case where the assortment of wares is displayed.
"Dean," she said, and without looking at it, she stretched out a hand and yanked the knife from Dean's hand, from several feet away. "I hope you've said your goodbyes, I have my hounds out for you as we speak."
"Yeah, that's not for keeping the potatoes safe," Dean said with a disdainful sniff and fished out his lockpicking set. It was the work of a few minutes, and then the chains rattled to the ground and Dean was in.
"You never said nothing about my soul," Dean pointed out.
"Okay, so there are over a thousand possible seals, and Lilith only needs to break sixty-six of them for Lucifer to walk free," Sam said and scratched the back of his head. He refused to get his hair cut, even though Dean offered to do it for him. He'd been cutting his own since he was old enough to hold his dad's clippers.
Benny wheezed a laugh and blinked a blue eye open at Dean. “You’re funny,” he said, laboriously. “I ain’t walking out of here.”
"We're not– You and me are not going to be bait!" Dean said. "We're going to this town to find the bones of that couple that died in the forties, and— I'm not going to be the one telling your mother!"
But maybe Cas wanted to be playful too.
He picked up the knife where Sam had dropped it, put it in his  jacket pocket and strode into the barn.
"We've talked about this, Sam!" Dean said and slammed the book shut. "If I go back on the deal, you die, and I won't let that happen!"
While Dean emptied a water bottle from the cooler in front of the register, he inspected the newspapers in the stand. South Central Illinois local news, so he had a place. The date, to his shock, was February 9, 1986.
The high-pitched whine was loud enough to hurt now. Dean grabbed Castiel’s hand, and Castiel swayed on his feet.
At the mention of Sam, Dean's head snapped up. He couldn't help it; it was another instinct. And Alastair could smell blood in the water. That infuriating smile seemed fixed on his face when he went on, "When you made that deal, did you think we gave Sam back unchanged?"
"Down the hall and to the right," the receptionist said and gave Sam a once-over so obvious that Dean had to raise his eyebrows. "Can't miss it." No indeed.
"Yes," he said. "I thought you would remember me. I'm the one who went to Hell in search of you."
Dean swallowed.  "Dad's dead," he said, and his voice broke on the second word. Sam blinked. John Winchester couldn't be dead, John Winchester made other things dead.
Alastair's face split over a sharp grin. "Well, alright, I will!" he said and lifted the knife.
When Dean answers Sam on the walkie talkie, he uses CB slang/ten-code, which was popularized by "American singer, activist and politician best known by his stage name C. W. McCall and for his truck-themed outlaw country songs" which is why Sam pokes a little fun at him.
"Okay," Dean said slowly. It was always strange to see Castiel, an otherworldly creature, interacting with the world. "Did you pop down here out of, what, anthropological interest?"
Inside had another downside though. Bobby showed up and demanded to know where the hell they'd been. He looked ruffled enough that Dean didn't have the heart to tease him for worrying.
"Stay down!" Henriksen hissed and slammed Dean to the ground again. "It is my God-given right to stop sinners trying to escape their rightful punishment!"
"I'll say it again," Dean said, willing his voice not to waver. "What the hell is going on?"
By the time Sam came back, Castiel had already vanished as suddenly as he had arrived.
Something somber flicked over Jo's features. "Dean," she said and got out of the car too. "I think this is the stretch of road."
"Real nice of you to spirit me away and then talk about me like I'm not even here," Dean said. "Where, by the way, I never asked to be."
for money?"
WOMAN IN BLACK/CROSSROADS DEMON
"Alright," he said. "Let's go inside." He wasn't about to strip here, no matter how many warding sigils Cas had put in place. It was cold, for one.
Dean blew out a slow breath. "Then why shouldn't it be natural for you too? You have a body now, don't you?"
"Yours is not the place to question the mission," Castiel said. It sounded like a rehearsed line, such a far cry from his genuine, dorky question about the plot of
"Ah-ha!" Sam said brightly. "You talked to me!"
The man blinked, and the white light that Dean had learned to associate with angels, spilled out of his eyes before he blinked again and it faded away. But Dean knew it was there.
it tell us where the yellow-eyed bastard who killed dad is. No souls required."
Oakland was only eight hours away, if you took the ferry.
He had no idea how much time passed before he came upon a gas station by the side of the road. There was a car beside it, but the station itself was empty.
"I'm worried," Castiel said and broke off to give a tearing, wet cough. Dean's grip on him tightened. "I think the demons might have found a way to track me."
"Or what, you'll shoot?" not-Sam said, dropping the façade like a stripper drops her top. "Dean, please. You won't risk harming your little baby brother, will you?"
Dean opened his eyes. Pamela's unseeing eyes were visible under her lowered lashes but nothing had changed. "Castiel?" he said. Pamela blinked and raised her chin.
"I'm fine," Dean said, uncomfortably aware that even though his wounds were healed, the crusted blood hadn't been wiped away. "Tell Bobby to cancel the backup, I was just on an angel-sanctioned tropical getaway."
