“I've a bit of time yet,” John corrected, “the guy who is in post doesn’t retire until the end of the year. But one way or another it looks like this will be my last Christmas at Baker Street.”
Dr Huxtable looked startled at this. “I thought you knew the man, have you forgotten Dr Watson walks with a pronounced limp?”
Sherlock, a notorious lightweight when it came to alcohol was expounding at length his very scanty knowledge of the traditions of Christmas. Wild horses wouldn’t have dragged it out of him but he had had cause to revise his opinion of wishing while stirring the pudding, and he had now been distracted by the bunch of mistletoe that had been fixed over the door to the kitchen unnoticed for much of the night.
Sherlock ordered a double expresso for himself and an Americano and a ham sandwich for John, (John had reached the stage where he took it for granted that Sherlock knew his preferences, naturally he was spot on and the coffee really was superb).
As they drove over the moors towards the Priory School, the police surveillance helicopter came into view overhead lighting up the night sky.
“I hardly think so, Doctor,” Sherlock interrupted in his blandest voice. “You forget, I am not here to investigate the disappearance of Lord Saltire but that of your science master, Dr  Watson. Whether I have the shelter of your roof or of the village inn while I do so is, of course, for you to decide.”
The man took another step forward and clenched his fists, “What is this? Some kind of lefty wind up? Telling a man to shirk his duty?”
Mary smiled, she had been subconsciously waiting for a sign, a signal, some hidden clue that Antonia was not all she appeared to be, ever since the woman had inveigled her way into their company the week before. Mary still didn’t know what Antonia wanted with her, was it a contract, a hit? Was it blackmail, was it a threat; rest assured she would find out.
Of course, she hadn’t known he was dead, not right away. He had assigned John Watson to her as her mark, told her to stay with him, and only to stand down once she heard that Sherlock Holmes was dead. This she had, it had been all over the news for days, but she had never quite believed it. So, she had continued to keep tabs on John Watson, waiting for the call from Jim, which never came.
Dinah suddenly became very business-like; she rang the bell and the butler immediately appeared with their coats.
“Then why are you all done up like that, you’re usually in your dressing gown for at least two days after a case”
The Duke offered to find Sherlock and John a ride back to the school. John accepted gratefully; now that the chase was over, he was feeling a bone weariness that was beyond anything he had experienced in his life since Afghanistan. It seemed that, for the moment, the police were unaware that John had become entangled with the events of Lord Saltire’s abduction and he was keen to keep it that way. He had no wish to be tied up in police procedure or drawn into any notoriety the presence of Sherlock Holmes might provoke.
“We’re going surfing?” John said in disbelief, it was hardly the weather and neither of them were appropriately dressed, but who knew what this mad creature would think of next.
Sherlock stood back from the board, “I am certain that first letter must be A, so that gives us E D I A C O M N V and R, more than enough to crack the code.”
“Naturally.” The Duke replied, “The Duchess has returned to England and is presently in London liaising with her bankers, although she is expected at Holderness imminently.”
“If by femme fatale.” Sherlock laboured the words, “you mean Dinah Shepherd the woman whose third husband was tried for the murder of her second, then yes, it is the Dinah Shepherd.”
“Doctor Watson!” The voice came from a ginger haired youth who began scrambling up the hillside towards him.
Sherlock saw lights in the lane before he heard the car and made his way back inside. On his instruction all but the porch lights were dimmed, and only he, John, DI Martin and another plain clothes officer were in the hall, the door was left deliberately ajar. It was still before sunrise but with the faint light of the moon they could clearly see when the car arrived at the front of the house.
They watched in silence, Sherlock bolt upright, eyes fixed in concentration trying to absorb the details of the film in case John questioned him afterwards, while John, who had seen it twice before anyway relaxed on the couch. Relaxed rather too well it seemed; while the interview hadn’t been taxing the travelling and the intensity of the day had been exhausting and soon he was struggling to keep his eyes open. To the extent that at first John didn’t hear Sherlock when he said, “I thought he died,” and he had had to ask him to say it again.
“Let me think…” Crowley stood and began to walk up and down; they were meeting in St James’s Park this morning as Aziraphale’s shop was still infested with flowers.
John hadn’t forgotten the bloke on the tube but now he couldn’t understand how he had ever mistaken him for Sherlock, they weren’t in the same league. His musings were interrupted by the return of Sherlock, more conventionally attired in his suit trousers and a white shirt. John sloughed off his jacket and jumper and went to join Sherlock on the ‘dance floor’.
At Great Malvern, they found a taxi to take them the seven miles to Boscombe, it was no longer sleeting, instead fine flakes of snow were falling, glinting in the lamplight.
For there were flowers, flowers everywhere. There were sunflowers, sweet peas, and snapdragons on the shelves. There were tiger lilies, tuberoses and tulips on the tables, there were dahlias, daisies and delphiniums on the desk. Each one the most flawless shape, the most vibrant colour, the most potent scent.
The door of the cabin had cracked open and Sherlock had caught a glimpse of the angry soldier from two days before. Sherlock hoped he had not come to start a fight.
Sherlock cannot deduce whether it was Mycroft or Mummy who set up the clues but won't admit this so cannot ask (it was in fact Mummy and Mycroft working together).
Crowley tried to justify himself again but Aziraphale shut him down smartly. “You nearly got the poor boy killed, not once, not twice but four times.”
“I knew then… what I hadn’t been able to admit while he was alive, too late. But life goes on, I met Mary and I was happy for a while, even more so once he came back but then Mary died, and I was angry with them both and life itself until I saw him put a gun against his temple and I knew that if he died I wouldn’t want to go on living; even though I have Rosie now so somehow I would have had to. I can’t explain what’s changed, I can't even tell you what makes it feel so right, I only know if he as much as lifted a finger I'd come running.
“Ok, let’s take a break.” He walked over to the table and poured a glass of water for himself and another one for John.
John had only glimpsed the man with Arthur but from what he had seen the man had not been dressed for caving.  Might they have had equipment with them? Perhaps, but they hadn’t expected to have to deal with a witness. Could they have gone somewhere to get the equipment? Possibly but that would have risked John regaining consciousness before they had dumped him. John concluded that leaving him in the cave had been a spur of the moment decision and that despite the darkness he probably wasn’t that far from an entrance.
After she had gone back to her own flat and her customary herbal soother, and Rosie had had a bath and was down for the night, John settled in his chair and started flicking through the channels on the TV looking for something to watch. He fancied a drink, but settled for a nice cup of Oolong that he had found in Sherlock’s kitchen. At least he hoped it was Oolong, perhaps he should have checked.
John woke with a start, and it took a few seconds for him to know where he was. The bedroom which had seemed so comfortable the night before was eery in the dark, despite the ominous light that was filtering through the curtains. He pulled an arm out from under the covers, the air was frigid, and reached for the light switch above the bed. Nothing happened.
“My hand used to shake, and I couldn’t hold a scalpel but that stopped when I started scaling walls with you.
Fun had been conspicuous by its absence for most of his life. It had skipped his childhood and adolescence almost entirely, and while it had occasionally accompanied his experiments with certain class A substances during his university career and early days in London, it hadn’t hung around for long. It had arrived and given the impression it might stay around when he had moved into Baker Street with his flatmate and friend John Watson, not that Sherlock had placed too much hope in this. Correctly it seemed, all too soon fun had been banished into exile, along with Sherlock himself, in the dark days of Moriarty’s brief reign and after.
A big shout out once again to MissDavis for another grand set of prompts. I admit when I first looked at them a month ago I thought I couldn't get anything from them... 25,000 words later...
For non UK readers - Question Time is a weekly roundtable political audience Q&A. Songs of Praise is a weekly religious programme with hymns and Sport Relief is a bi-annual charity spectacular which involves celebrities doing sports to raise money for good causes. Somehow I can imagine Culverton Smith being a guest on all three.
They continued what they had practiced before until Sherlock was satisfied John was more or less keeping up.
John is incredulous, possibly dreaming because there by all that is marvellous is Mr Cheekbones; older, thinner, better dressed but unmistakable.
Sherlock studies his beloved, notes the pupils blown wide, the breath fast and shallow and reaches to confirm his hope through John’s pulse.
Mary had arranged to meet Antonia at her friend’s florist shop, she was a little wary, she’d never noticed a florist in this part of town before, but then she supposed she had never been one for buying flowers before.
John had the inexplicable feeling that he was about to cry and took a large swig of his scotch to wash down the lump in his throat.
There had also been one message from a number that John didn’t recognise but from a voice that he did; Dinah asking him to call on her at his earliest convenience to be measured for his suit. John made an arrangement for that afternoon with Dinah’s personal assistant, then sent a text to Sherlock but only received a curt reply that he was out, however Mrs Hudson was happy to collect Rosie and give her something to eat to allow John to go straight to the hotel where Dinah was staying once he had finished his afternoon surgery.
At an Italian where the owner owes Sherlock a favour, the detective outlines a case while John conducts light, in the pattern that will last a lifetime.
Sherlock led the way to the marriage room, where Mrs Hudson, Rosie, Molly and Simon were already seated listening to a string quartet. Of Sherlock’s parents there was no sign which John thought was probably understandable, there was no sign of the British Government either, which was not.
The thought makes him anxious; he burrows into John’s arms. John sensing agitation whispers into the shell of Sherlock’s ear
But Sherlock cannot remember and with the rising waters Redbeard is lost to him, though the body that is recovered is John’s.
Sherlock was fast asleep, blankets pulled up round his chin, hair flopping over his forehead and eyes, only the gentle sound of his breathing disturbing the silence of the room. He looked about twelve. John began to retreat, to leave him sleeping, even after all these years, John only invaded Sherlock personal space reluctantly, but as he did so his friend’s eyes flew open.
Sam was not to be deterred, she made what John hoped she thought was a sympathetic face but was frankly quite scary then bounced back with the “But you should make an effort Dr Watson, for your little girl’s sake.”
The officer hesitated so Sherlock continued, “Will it help you know that my name is Sherlock Holmes and this is my friend and associate Dr John Watson, Richard Hilton-Cubitt was a client of mine and we have travelled here tonight in the hope of preventing what I suspect has occurred.”
John turned his attention to the newspaper on his lap; Sherlock noted that his friend was back on quick crosswords, probably for the best.
In the corridor outside the Headmaster’s study Sherlock found the teacher who had greeted them on arrival. He introduced himself as Tony Aveling, the geography master, and said.
This was received with a grimace, “What a horrible thought, though good guess that my father died recently. However, I am not here to find out what my father thought of me, I know that already.”
“It may not have broken the law,” Sherlock spat out the words, “but it was a crime against every common decency and parental responsibility, and you will pay for it, of that I am sure.”
Mummy was the first to react, gathering her first born into her arms she pulled his head down to whisper in his ear “about bloody time too”. While Sherlock looked thunderous and muttered "So that's how he knew it wasn't a politician" to anyone who would listen.
Mary half closed her eyes and inclined her head with a slight nod and gave her most knowing look. Crowley picked up on it immediately, message understood, she had taken the bait. Not all communication needed to be verbal.
“Mrs Hudson” Sherlock exclaimed when he finally got past the tree and into his own home “What are you doing?”
“I wrote that note,” Sherlock replied, “I wrote it in the one way you would be unable to resist responding to, in the secret code you and Eddie invented when you were children. Am I not right?”
Miss Sutherland relaxed her grip on her handbag and took a letter from the bundle inside and reluctantly handed it to Sherlock.
It occurred to Sherlock that nearly an hour had passed and perhaps he should reply to John. He thought about going upstairs, but suddenly shy (although he told himself that it was due to a desire not to disturb Watson). Mind made up, he quickly typed.
John was well aware who Dinah Shepherd was, he was hardly going to forget Yasmin Lafleur as she had been known in the early days of her career as a Page 3 model. Yasmin had graduated very quickly to the role glamourous assistant, to
The pursuit almost ends in disaster, the warehouse floor is rotten, the lift shaft unsafe, it’s only when the back-up forces arrive that they are out of danger.
They had reached the end of the alley way from the promenade which opened out onto a narrow tarmacked road between the sea wall and a handful of shops selling the usual requisites of a British seaside holiday – buckets, spades, ice-creams and umbrellas.
The intruder is as agile as he anticipated, but Sherlock is not without skills in that area himself. The baritsu training has its uses, as does two years on the run dodging innumerable assailants. A fight ensues in which Sherlock emerges the victor in that he is in possession of the prize.
Dutifully John followed his former landlady into 221a where he and Rosie allowed themselves to be fed and fused over. John entertained with trivia from the practice while Rosie behaved beautifully engaging Mrs Hudson in a long discussion which included nearly all her infant vocal sounds until she suddenly flopped asleep in the way that very young children do.
John watched as the Great Nostromo, or rather Sherlock as he supposed he could call him, went about putting up the shutters and locking the door of the cabin, the sign already said closed. He disappeared into the back room and reappeared minus his cloak, false beard and moustache, ruffling his hair as he did so. John registered his approval; on the whole he preferred his clairvoyants clean shaven. He was struck by a thought.
John has followed Mike into one of the research labs where their younger selves learned their trade. It is already occupied by...
But then he was also convinced that if the messages were meant for Patrick Hilton his name would appear at least once. Patrick was out, the seven letter word in the second message had a repetition but the three letter word in the first message could be Pat. T was a common enough letter to overtake E in some cases.
Sherlock opened his eyes and was momentarily disorientated; he felt queasy, not unlike standing on shore again after a long time at sea. It was the sensation he experienced every time he saw his sitting room after a period of absence.
, John thought as he passed a shop window which displayed a ludicrously extensive range of seasonally themed items including a tiny elf costume labelled ‘Baby’s First Christmas’. He shuddered and walked on, perhaps not.
The best thing about a car sent by Mycroft was that his driver knew every short cut in London and the journey always gave Sherlock the opportunity to refresh his memory of some of the less familiar byways.
When Sherlock and Rosie had finished the tree, John made her some dinner, he was in two minds about her presence at the party and was hoping she would go down before it started. He made himself a sandwich and tried to interest Sherlock in one, as he was sure the detective hadn’t eaten anything since breakfast but Sherlock claimed to be too busy, and disappeared into his bedroom where a few minutes later John heard him tuning his violin. John was amazed.
John, Sherlock, Inspector Somersby and his two colleagues from the Herefordshire CID were in the residents’ lounge of the Boscombe Valley Hotel, a small, comfortable room with a roaring fire that hadn’t existed two days ago.
“I thought you might have recognised the celebrant. Personally, I still think he is yet to surpass his Lady Bracknell.”
“You are sure about this, aren’t you Greg, you haven’t known Dinah very long to be making this kind of commitment.”
John picked up the letter, and skimmed the contents, “typed, no address, sentimental gush all hearts and flowers, swearing undying devotion and asking to do the same... what I would have expected.”
Sherlock could tell that Dr Huxtable was dying to interrogate them himself, but his good manners prevailed, particularly when John staggered forward, just a little.
Sherlock, appraised John quickly and deduced that he genuinely didn’t know the outcome of the interview. However, the detective had no doubts and said so, where else would the hospital find such a suitable candidate, a former army surgeon with battlefield experience?
Sherlock opened the rear door and gave John a gentle push before climbing in beside him. It left Steve rather in the position of a chauffeur, but Sherlock had reached the conclusion that John was about to crash, and he wanted to be near to him in the event.
Mary stood up and grabbed her handbag before lifting her face to John’s and puckering her lips. He moved closer intending to give her a quick peck, but she parted her lips and the kiss turned deeper than he intended. Mary cupped his arse and then gave his left cheek a light slap and a pinch. They broke apart laughing, and then she was gone.
It suddenly occurred to Sherlock what was off with the messages, if they were meant for Patrick Hilton-Cubitt, then surely one of the words must be his name. But the only seven letter word repeated one of the characters, and the name Patrick had no repetitions. Was he ever known as Pat or may be Paddy? He made a mental note to find out.
“Do sit down. You were not always Mr. Hilton-Cubitt I believe; you added your husband’s name to your own upon your marriage.”
Mary was however rather put out by the distraction, ever since the weekend, when John had arrived  home from Baker Street early and caught her unawares, she had had other things on her mind. Fortunately, he had been in a foul mood, one of the sullen fits of temper John was occasionally prone to, and that had blinded him to the fact she was as disconcerted as she was by him finding her taking a shower at two o’clock on a Saturday afternoon. Thank heavens she had changed at her safe house before going back to the flat.
“You are always in danger, Sherlock, that’s the problem, you’re always in danger and you always will be while you count your life as worthless, and there’s nothing I or anyone can say or do to make you think differently.”
The Peak District was riddled with caves and caverns, a number were open to the public, John had even visited a couple of them during his excursions in the summer. But there were dozens on private land or too inhospitable for anyone but the most experienced cavers to navigate. John suspected this cave was probably in the first category rather than the second.
What a futile exercise that was. He’d wanted to see John one last time, to say adieu even if was really goodbye. A grand gesture? Who knows?
“Better still, let’s send Sherlock and Dr Watson away. We’ll find them a nice tempting case in the middle of nowhere with plenty to keep them occupied, and a fully booked hotel with only one free room… and only one bed… and a snowstorm, that should do the trick.”
“Money, Dr Watson, it was all about money. My father owns this house, this estate and quite a few of the properties in the village. He is a very wealthy man, and I am his sole heir. Whereas Mr Cloete is, I mean was, only the tenant of his farm.”
Sherlock took the offered hand; it was cool and dry and felt very right. Despite being in a public place and not hidden behind his cabin and his Great Nostradamo persona he felt no embarrassment.
, and put Ferdie Gautier in the frame. She used Sir Wilfred to promote her career and killed him once she could no longer avoid marrying him. Robert Beckford stood trial for that. Then Robert Beckworth's death was disguised as the suicide of a man who couldn't live with his guilt. The murders were meticulously thought out, just like her illusions, she would create a cast iron alibi for herself, and a leave clues that pointed at an obvious suspect, that was her art of misdirection. A suspect so obvious that suspicion never fell on her even if there was never a conviction.
He pushed the door open and his warm feeling vanished like the morning dew. There in middle of the sitting room, dressed in skin-tight leggings and an oversized t-shirt was Sherlock, face flushed, hair held back with a sweat band and arm in arm with the odious Mr Fell, also red in the face and laughing, and they were engaged in some kind of tap-dance.
Mr Windibank was immutable, Sherlock more so. Just as it looked as if the discussion was going to deteriorate into one of those tedious debates where neither party will concede anything, a voice from within the house called out.
“John. It has come to my attention that you are attempting to woo your new girlfriend through the medium of verse. These efforts appear to be hampered by your complete inability to compose anything that passes for romantic poetry. While I appreciate that, like you, I have little or no talent when it comes to poetry, as your friend I wish to be of assistance in this matter. I do have contacts that could be persuaded to provide you with the necessary…”
“You’re not the only one Mrs Hudson,” John replied, indicating Rosie who was spark out strapped in her buggy.
Sherlock answered swiftly, “James Wilder won’t hurt Arthur, the Duchess will pay up, whatever they are asking for will be no more than loose change for her”
While John took his shower, Sherlock allowed himself to cautiously examine his dream. Under no circumstances would he countenance any suggestion that he had a ‘gift’, he simply relied on observation, deduction and the marrying of the two with cold logic. But he could not deny that his dream had conjured up his worse fears for John’s safety, the very fears that had made him say ‘don’t go to Afghanistan’ before he even knew him. The premonition was for injury, though, not death, and if there was any comfort in this to be had, then Sherlock would grab it with both hands.
Sherlock was plying this unusual trade from a cabin on the sea front at Wilvercombe, one of those anonymous resorts dotted along the south coast of England that had once enjoyed a high level of popularity amongst the British middle classes but had sunk into irreversible decline with coming of the package holiday. The cabin’s regular clairvoyant, the original
“I went to the police, they weren’t very helpful. They said did I know anyone in Wilvercombe and the only person I could think of was The Great Nostradamo, although I suppose that isn’t his real name.”
“I got married in 1990, the eighth duke was still alive then, they gave us a dinner service, I’ve still got it. But by the time I came back to live on the estate, that was at the end of ’95, it was the new duke, the tenth one.”
“It is just the job for you. You are tall, slim, stylish, marvellous cheekbones…” Aziraphale felt his face grow hot and stopped talking abruptly.
They sat down again while Mrs Hudson brought them more tea and tried, unsuccessfully, to induce Sherlock to eat a decent breakfast, he polished off the remaining biscuits instead. Sherlock deduced that Dr Huxtable was not entirely convinced of John’s innocence regarding his pupil’s disappearance but was reluctant express these concerns to the missing man’s friend. Sherlock used the time available to bombard the headmaster with questions. Dr Huxtable supplied the detective with as much information as he could recall (which Sherlock considered woefully inadequate) but he listened thoughtfully until they reached the part John’s bicycle had played.
Sherlock put down the thermometer, picked up a spoon and brought a drop of the mulled wine to John’s lips. John blew gently and then tasted it.
It was obvious that Miss Sutherland was unable to distinguish fact from fiction, an ideal candidate for the kind of hoax that had been played on her.
His mother took over while he recovered, “Chris would have lived in your father’s bookshop if we’d let him. It was his favourite place right from the time he was little. I loved it too; it hasn’t been the same since it changed hands. I’m sorry for your loss, Mary.”
Take a coffin and a crib, add a journey on a bus with a flower behind an ear and you have a guilty secret that will poison the past, the present and the future.
In the end his reticence is immaterial, the Governor, David, takes the gun and takes his own life. An exercise in futility as Eurus is pleased to remind the doctor.
Sherlock shrugged off his coat and followed John and the tray of whisky through to their sitting room. Sherlock noted that his brother was sitting in his chair but made no effort to move him, instead he went over to the table and sat there, all the while observing his sibling and deducing the state of affairs.
They had been carried away the day of the wedding, him and Mary, high on endorphins (and adrenaline too, after the incident with James Sholto), they’d never even talked about whether they wanted children, yet there they were, not two become one but two become three. Trust a doctor and a nurse to slip up like that, and Sherlock to guess before either of them. Of course once they knew they had a baby on the way, there was no going back, and he’d been delighted, well most of the time.
“Do call me Dinah.” She insisted, “I was at home recovering from surgery. It was poor timing; our tour should have ended the week before but then an extra date was added, and we were not in the position to cancel.”
“She’s wrong you know, marriage doesn’t have to change anything, you’ll still be living at 221b, you’ll have more room once I’ve left, and I’ll still be going on cases, and needing help with clients. I hope I’ll still be welcome to come round.”
John was at work and Rosie with the minder when the call came in from Lestrade. A dead body floating in a bath in Battersea… no obvious cause of death, the bathroom door locked from the inside, almost identical to the Camberwell case plus Lestrade added the additional carrot, the house was derelict and had had no running water for two years.
Angry with himself, John realised he had slept again. It was not surprising, his energy levels were now seriously depleted, and yesterday…
Thirty minutes later John was manoeuvring the pushchair up the steps of Baker Street station on his way to Regent’s Park, except it was a rather damp and miserable day to spend outside and it didn’t take much to turn Rosie grumpy. Thinking better of it he made a left on the Marylebone Road towards Baker Street.
The sarcasm wasn’t lost on Sherlock as it might have been in the past. He looked up at John and smiled. The red mist threatened John again, but he folded his arms, he would not strike, however angry he felt.
“I thought you might appreciate some lunch,” She whispered conspiratorially, “There’s a few sandwiches and a pot of tea in the kitchen. I don’t mind watching him if you want a break.”
John broke into the widest of smiles, gathered his Sherlock in his arms and proceeded to show him just how it was done.
When Sherlock had disappeared into his bedroom to change into his pyjamas and dressing gown, Mrs Hudson had treated John to her pertinent thoughts on the subject of marriage. Not knowing that Sherlock had also endured the same speech, John found himself thoroughly depressed by the story of Mrs Hudson’s bridesmaid.
“Her fingerprints will be on the syringe; they may trace the box of sweets to her. Robert Beckworth’s parents have a dossier. I think there will be a case.”
Sherlock filled John on his post university life including the trial of Terry Kirk, but omitting the drugs and the unhappy love affair before concluding, “I don’t have your determination to follow a direct path, mine meanders all over the place, to the concern of the parents and the bossy interference of the brother.”
“The Duke and his assistant, James Wilder are here. They waiting in my study. Come along, Mr Holmes, and I will introduce you.”
This mindset got him as far as the door of the suite, which, when he knocked, was answered by a smart young man in a butler’s uniform, who asked him to wait as the tailor was just finishing with the other gentleman.
Chris recovered enough to say “I spoke to your father once, in the shop. He was very kind to me; I can’t believe I’m having a drink with his daughter.”
Sherlock chose that moment to come out into the hall. “If you’re here to gossip about me with my landlady I shall return to my own flat and let you do so without the inconvenience of whispering.”
“Maybe he didn’t before,” Mary replied, “But it would appear he does now. Who do you think he’s talking to on the phone in there?”
He sat Rosie at the kitchen table as he went about making their supper. The flat was cold and so after he had put the lasagne in the oven he said to Rosie, “shall we pop down and see Nana, then I can get some coal in for a fire?”
“There is something you haven’t told me,”he said now. “When you came to see me yesterday, I asked you why you had not sought your fiancé at his home or workplace, or with his family. You circumvented this question. I believe you had a good reason for this, and that is you do not know where he lives or work, or his family if he has one. In fact, I believe you have never even met him!”
He tried to assimilate his situation, but the pain in his head made it hard to concentrate. He ran a hand over his face and judged from his stubble that it was at least twenty-four hours since his morning shave.
Crowley contemplated this statement for a moment. He didn’t have friends, only one. He tried to imagine how he might feel if that friend suddenly took up with someone else. Not that angels, even fallen ones went in for that kind of thing, or at least he didn’t, on reflection he rather thought Aziraphale might, if the circumstances were right. It was not a comfortable thought and Crowley began to have an inkling of just what Sherlock Holmes was going through.
Somersby and the two other police officers were now off duty, it was time to celebrate. Lilith, aka AJ Crowley, was on duty behind the bar.
Despite the references to Billy Kincaid and Gavin, designed to give John the opposite impression, Sherlock does in fact know what a ‘best man’ is. There was a case a few years ago that concerned an impoverished peer, a Russian heiress and St George’s, Hanover Square.
“There is a certain taste to it,” Stamford is used to Sherlock’s random interrogations by now, “Unlike many poisons, sweet not bitter.”
John slid out of bed and came to sit next to his friend. “I should have tried again! I always thought I should have tried harder, that first evening, but instead I should have waited and tried again.”
Sherlock immediately downloaded the attachment, it was a longer message, twenty-five characters in all, but his success with the previous messages meant that he soon had most of it translated. He looked up from the paper on his desk, and John could see the anxiety in his face.
John is back on the dance floor, gradually closing the distance between himself and the dark haired man he has privately labelled ‘Mr Cheekbones’. He’s everything that he could ask for, younger than John but no twink, taller but not ridiculously so, slight, but giving off a confidence that belies his frame, and absolutely… blinking… gorgeous. No wonder John’s hearing the call of the wild, even if the guy is way out of his league.
“I don’t know,” John shrugged “I suppose I still wasn’t entirely convinced you weren’t up to one of your tricks.”
“He never went back to Baker Street after your demise. Naturally, I kept a weather eye on him, at first. He refused all offers of my assistance, frankly he was quite belligerent, warned me off several times. Thus, once the British arm of Moriarty’s operation was eliminated, I deemed it unnecessary to continue to monitor his movements, according to the last report I received he was living near Salisbury, but that was some months ago. I imagine I could arrange for someone to track him down without much effort, even if he does not wish to be found.”
Dinah smiled “Yes. It is no secret that I had had some… augmentation… in the past. I had it reversed.”
“According to her solicitor Mrs Flugrath visited him on Tuesday 21st May 2002 at nine in the morning and insisted he draw up a new will immediately. It seems that she was an important and somewhat imperious client of the firm and not to be kept waiting. He drew up the will according to her instructions and she returned that afternoon at two-thirty to sign it.”
The support officer made tea and toast for everyone and persuaded Mrs King to go and lie down. The SOCOs continued their examination of the premises while DI Martin was itching to know what Sherlock had put in the note, he had seen quite plainly it contained no words, and Sherlock was just as eager to show off his brilliance.
“I’ll need you on hand,” Aziraphale insisted, when Crowley suggested he would make himself scarce, “I’m not sure how Dr Watson might react to a rival… things might turn ugly.”
Sherlock looked again out of the study windows, the stormy sky and the inhospitable moor in the distance. “Perhaps you won’t have to.”
The result was a rough approximation of his previous home, as if put together by someone who had only read a description and never seen the original. That was the problem, Sherlock thought sadly as he reached for his phone, perhaps it would have been better to make a clean break rather than trying to recreate something that could never be restored.
After the detective had examined the body and compared his findings with Molly, (male, aged 30-40, 198 cm tall, 140 kilos, South American, possibly Brazilian, sailor, judging by his clothes and tattoos, and the specks of paint under his nails), Sherlock and Lestrade attended the scene where the body had been drawn out of the water. Here Sherlock considered the approximate time of death, the tidal patterns for the two nights before, the wind speed and other prevailing conditions and declared that the corpse had come from a container ship presently docked at Tilbury.
“Unfortunately, I think there is nothing to be gained by intervention. I doubt very much that Miss Sutherland will thank me for it, and to learn that her mother, stepfather and employer had colluded in this manner would destroy what little home life she already possesses.”
He slipped into the large kitchen and observed the scene initially unnoticed. At this stage int the evening, with the main courses served, the atmosphere was beginning to relax and move away from the earlier bustle and busyness. He spotted two women clearing plates into a food waste bin over by the sinks, while another woman in a white coat was ladling fruit salad into a large serving bowl while a young man did the same with what appeared to be Eton Mess. (Sherlock’s stomach couldn’t help a small rumble, Eton Mess was a particular favourite). There were double doors the far side of the kitchen which Sherlock assumed led to the dining rooms, as a young woman in a black dress and white apron stood leaning against one so that it opened slightly and she could peak through. A second woman, also in black, was doing something with a filter coffee machine.
It involves a drug cartel, the summary execution of a police officer, and one Frank Hudson, current residence, Death Row, Florida. Sherlock baulks and refuses to assist but she’s persistent.
Reaching the corner of his road, John spotted the figure in black, folded up like a deck chair on his doorstep, and had the advantage of Sherlock who had been expecting him to come the other way. It gave John a momentary respite to prepare for their encounter before Sherlock saw him.
On the other side of the room his phone buzzed. Sherlock ignored it, the corporate banker replying to his earlier message, he deduced. It would keep.
By the time John and Rosie arrived around three in the afternoon Sherlock had 221b more or less ready for them. He had enlisted the help of Josie, one of his formerly homeless network who, despite, or perhaps because of having served time for breaking and entering, was a fairly competent carpenter to install stair gates, fit child proof locks to the kitchen cupboards, and put up a couple of shelves. (Sherlock would have done the latter himself but he was on a tight schedule). Various substances had been banished for the interim to the safety of 221c, although Sherlock hoped to restore some of them once negotiations with John were complete. He still didn’t like the sound of a few days and didn’t want to do anything that might jeopardise his future happiness.
John got to work and before long he looked up from the screen and said, “Well I have one but I think he is unlikely to be our man.”
Sherlock had let the battery run down on his phone; Mrs Hudson was out for the evening. He was quite content to stay alone, at home with his memories. He liked composing, it soothed his soul, but it was hard not to let the waltz turn into a dirge.
Greg managed to stop laughing long enough to say, “It seems that Sherlock has proposed to John, and John has accepted, who’d have thought he had it in him.”
Sherlock stood his ground, “I am investigating the disappearance of Dr Watson, I was hoping that there might be someone who works here who lives locally I could talk to. Preferably as close to the Holderness estate as possible.”
Turning his days’ takings into coins Sherlock played the slots for the best part of an hour while occasionally taking a sip of his beer and all the time keeping a close eye on the soldiers. It was mainly Bill and Chris who played, their friend preferring to watch, nursing his own drink and commentating on the players performance.
It did not take long for Crowley to track down the object of his visit. Moriarty was still as sharp as ever, though the Westwood was somewhat contaminated by the close environs of Hell. Moriarty was playing solitaire, with an equally grimy pack of cards. Without looking up, he said in his distinctive Irish accent.
The expression on his face had been so fleeting she couldn’t even be sure she’d seen anything remarkable. But she knew she hadn’t hurt his feelings; by definition he didn’t have any. Sherlock Holmes was very last person you’d call a snowflake.
Which is how, Dr John Watson, RAMC, 5th Northumberland Fusiliers, came to spend his last night before deployment… in a gay bar.
Mycroft has hugely underestimated the depths of his sister’s madness. He could never have envisaged a crisis such as this.
For Sherlock, his torture at the hands of Serbians has left more than physical scars though generally it is Musgrave Hall that disturbs his dreams.
Aziraphale and Crowley had applied themselves to concocting a case that would be plausible, and of sufficient interest for the great Sherlock Holmes to be prepared to take it on. Aziraphale had ruled out murder, kidnapping or arson, Crowley had dismissed any financial crime as too tedious for words, and Aziraphale agreed that Sherlock would probably view it in the same way. It would have to be theft. Aziraphale remembered an interesting crime from Paris in the 1800s that he thought he could adapt; Crowley had already decided he would pose as the client’s stalker/relative to keep an eye on the proceedings but for the time being he kept that to himself. The next step was for Aziraphale to engage the services of a consulting detective.
Sherlock had assumed that the boy had suffered a bad bout of stage fright, and the reason he had never spoken to Sherlock again was his embarrassment. Looking back now though, Sherlock wondered if it might have been something to do with his comment about the man’s relationship with his daughter’s nanny.
When John arrived at the Crown and Anchor just after eight, Greg was already sat at a table nursing a pint. John took a moment to observe the man from a distance. If anything, he looked even more dazed than he had the week before.
“I did dear, twice but you were dead to the world. I can’t keep running up and down those stairs, not with my hip. I need your help.”
On the back seat of the car, Sherlock held out his hand to reveal the emerald brooch. Ralph went into raptures, both over the jewel and Sherlock’s ingenuity in securing its return.
“Caves?” Sherlock was aware that he had heard caves mentioned before but for the moment the context eluded him.
Aziraphale had conjured up tickets for a concert at the Albert Hall the following evening, and then had been invited back to Baker Street where Sherlock had demonstrated how he would have interpreted the Brahms.
John?” Mycroft repeated the name with a slight inflection, as if there was some question as to which of the many John Watsons of his acquaintance Sherlock referred.
Sherlock closed his laptop, in his bedroom he changed into one of his more disreputable disguises and slipped out of Baker Street through Mrs Hudson’s kitchen door, through the yard and into the lane that ran along the rear of the houses. He quickly made his way onto the Marylebone Road where he flagged down a taxi to take him to a far from salubrious area of Stepney and the home of a former irregular of Sherlock’s who was still known by the nom de plume of Freddie the Fence.
However this does not deter our hero, John did not acquire his legendary ‘three continents’ sobriquet without learning to use his initiative, where there’s a will there’s a way. John’s had his eye on the slim dark nursing officer since Ben arrived in Kandahar in the summer, and after tentative expressions of interest (neither man is out) they are ready to take their friendship to the next level.
Lestrade had text John the news that the case had been solved so the doctor was surprised to find Sherlock was up before him the next morning. He had fully expected the detective to sleep for sixteen hours before emerging bleary, tousled and ravenously hungry ready to consume one of Mrs Hudson’s famous fry ups.
“I imagine, but I needed to put some distance between me and you, and the police and my unlicenced firearm as well. Can’t expect either Mycroft or Greg to keep getting me out of trouble on that score.”
Sherlock wants to dig up a hundred and twenty year old grave, and at the moment it looks like Sherlock is winning.
That was his biggest concern, Sherlock knew he wouldn’t be able to continue his investigation until first light, by which time John would have been missing for over forty-eight hours. With every hour that passed the chances of finding John alive diminished.
“I’m afraid I must leave you young people to it. No don’t think you have to come with me, it’s only just gone nine. I have two weddings one after the other tomorrow and I really need to check the paperwork is in the right order, I live in dread that one day someone will go home with the wrong bride.”
However, the shop appeared kosher, filled to the brim with the most beautiful blooms imaginable. There wasn’t anyone on the till, which pleased Mary, she hated being pounced on the minute she walked into a shop, and it allowed her to wander around without having to say, ‘just looking’. Mary was soon caught up with examining the various displays like they were exhibits in a museum. Apart from roses she knew nothing about flowers,
After John had gone upstairs, Sherlock relocated to the couch, stretching full out in the warm space recently vacated by John. The fabric retained the comforting smell of his friend, wool, antiseptic, shampoo, and Sherlock wondered for how long these traces would remain after John moved out again, then Sherlock told himself off for being maudlin. It was Birmingham, ninety minutes away by train, it only seemed like the other side of the world.
“But you have read the evidence. You have formed some conclusion? Do you not see some loophole, some flaw? Do you not yourself think that he is innocent?”
Sherlock went first. “Dinah, the moment I met you, I knew you were the only woman I could ever marry; I promise to be the man that I see now in your eyes, today, tomorrow, and for always.
He sat at the table defeated, only when his phone rang with an anxious Lestrade trying to track him down did Sherlock get moving. There was, he consoled himself, always The Work.
Sherlock might have been about to say more but at that moment his mobile rang, he glanced at the display, smiled shyly and then said, “excuse me, I need to take this,” picking up the call. He disappeared into his bedroom and closed the door, but not before John heard the pleasant rumble of his laugh.
"I cannot be absolutely certain as we were not looking for a letter, but had it been lying about we would have seen it. Perhaps he had hidden it?”
Sherlock stepped out of the taxi in Baker Street and looked up at the building. The flat appeared to be in darkness not even the lights of their little Christmas tree were on. Mercifully, the door knocker was still in its correct alignment, so Sherlock let himself without misgivings. The door to Mrs Hudson’s flat was wide open and he could hear music and laughter, some kind of party was underway. For some uncharacteristic reason Sherlock had a sudden wish not to be alone, so he followed the sound of voices into her sitting room.
John and Mary’s various friends accepted the news without much comment although John agonised over what was said behind his back. The vicar sent a card which John threw on the fire. Of Mary’s particular friends, the bridesmaids and Archie’s mum, only Janine seemed sceptical about the story of South Africa and Mary’s long-lost love but then she had grown up in Ireland during the Troubles and knew more than she would care to admit about disappearances and witness protection.
While John was in the shower, Sherlock made two short phone calls and one longer one, and made a fresh pot of tea, he was taking the nurse’s instruction to keep John well hydrated seriously. When John emerged from the shower and went to get dressed, Sherlock took himself to the guest room and changed out of his country clothes and into a suit before returning to find John, clean shaven and looking remarkably well, waiting for him.
Fortunately the Inspector was a fan of Sherlock’s but had never worked with him before. “It is highly irregular but I should be proud to feel that we were acting together, Mr Holmes,” he replied earnestly.
As it turned out there was no explosion, controlled or otherwise. Lestrade, in what seemed like retribution for the previous quiet week was suddenly ludicrously busy with a suspected kidnapping gone wrong and all thoughts of the text message vanished from his mind. When Sherlock finally deigned to take a look, Lestrade found him Johnless and subdued.
James Wilder’s body was recovered from the rain swollen brook that had turned the Lower Gill Moor into a quagmire. The inquest on his death returned an open verdict. He was interred in the Holderness family plot, under the name of James Wilder Beverley.
He feels… different, which is nonsense of course, there can be no material difference wrought from three hours fumbling in the dark.
Greg followed Mycroft to his private rooms on the first floor of the Diogenes Club. Mycroft was extremely discombobulated to be seen at such a disadvantage and made his excuses as soon as he could and went to change. Greg who had come to know the set up very well over the past couple of years thought about helping himself from the drinks’ cabinet, but then thought better of it and rang down for tea.
There were arrangements to be cancelled, deposits forfeited, items to be returned, Sherlock handled them all, with the same manic efficiency he had applied to the planning of them. He also phoned in sick to the surgery on John’s behalf, they were understanding, but distracted by the loss of their practice nurse.
They strike it lucky in the second bar, a group of nurses from Swansea on a hen week. Although some of the girls are spoken for, there are four who are prepared to divide the spoils amongst themselves, especially when the boys turn out to be not common or garden squaddies but medics.
John’s mission continued, everywhere he went, and every patient he had at the clinic he would inquire of them the most unusual and singular names they knew, and would return home and say to his Darling, “Perhaps you are called Featherstonehaugh, or Montmorency or Sugarplum?” But the man would shake his head and say, “That is not my name,” (although he answered to ‘Sugarplum’ ever afterwards).
“Seriously?” John sounded sceptical but Sherlock noticed he preened a little “Love at first sight and all that?”
The night porter’s command of English had had a sudden resurgence after Sherlock had informed him, in his own language, that the police were less likely to concern themselves with his immigration status if he sounded as if he was born and brought up in Tooting.
“Both James and Rueben are familiar with the caves, most of us are who live on the estate,” Steve replied. “There’s torches and ropes in the truck, as you know from this morning Mr Holmes.”
“It is curious, though I am more curious as to why you would think to send it to me; it appears to be nothing of more significance than a child’s drawing of stick figures.”
There was the signet ring, worn on the middle finger of the right hand, made for a larger man, its engraving partially obscured through age but still clear to Sherlock as the regimental crest of the now defunct 8th Northumberland Fusilier Battalion. The man caught his gaze and twisted the ring nervously, even on his middle finger it was slightly loose. These were big boots Chris was having to fill. Not his father, Sherlock deduced but an older man, genetically a generation removed, grandfather then, grandfather the war hero.
“Taking your own life… Interesting expression. Taking it from whom? Once it’s over, it’s not you who’ll miss it. Your own death is something that happens to everybody else… hand it over”
“It’s raining. You don’t have a car, you had no coat, you’ve let yourself go, and you haven’t left your home for at least week except to wander the streets of London with me eating chips”
Sherlock quickly played a few bars from Wagner's Lohengrin and everyone laughed. He then gave a breath-taking performance of
“For mortals, perhaps, but for us it is a challenge. We have all the time in the world, at least until either your lot or my lot decide to play games again. Your list will never be completed, there will always be new things to add, somewhere a new sushi master is being born, while a four-year-old genius is tuning her violin ready for her Albert Hall debut in ten years’ time.
Sherlock led the way back to the now deserted kitchen, and the five men sat round the large farmhouse table. In the brighter light, John could see that Abe Garvey was a handsome, clean cut kind of man in his early thirties who reminded him of the Mormon missionaries that had always seemed to wake him by knocking his door when he was on night rotation as a junior doctor. John tried not to let that influence his opinion of the man.
“I wanted more. And do you know something? I still do. I’m not the man you thought I was; I’m not that guy. I never could be. But that’s the point…That’s the whole point” John is close to tears as he reveals the magnitude of the crime he perpetrated against the person who loved him best.
“I don’t believe you; I know that Ian is here, I can feel it and I will find him. You are wrong Mr Nostradamo, quite, quite wrong.” She opened her bag, took a note from her purse, threw it at the clairvoyant and turned and left.
The hunch of the shoulders was something of a giveaway, as were the faintly pink rimmed eyes and the callouses on the forefinger of the right hand but it was the tie that clinched it.
At Bart’s he toys with an experiment, crackling with kinetic energy and bouncing on the balls of his feet in a manner that even causes the usually unobservant Mike Stamford to wonder what’s up with the visiting chemist.
Patrick and I have been away from home today visiting friends in Norwich. We got back about half an hour ago and I took a constitutional around the garden checking the outhouses and barn as I usually do when I discovered the attached drawing again hidden under the pedestal of the sundial. I have not shown this to Patrick as I have no wish to upset him further. I would be grateful for any update on the progress of your investigations you are able to give.
He returns the stolen books on famous poisoners to the library, not because of conscience, just keeping busy.
Despite John’s desire to ignore it, Christmas was inevitably encroaching on his life. He couldn’t get a delivery slot for his groceries so he would have to brave the crowds and shop in person. No luxury of a second breakfast this morning, he was a man on a mission.
Instead, like many great men, his hubris has brought about his downfall. He will die prematurely and unmourned at his brother’s hand. How Roman.
“I knew what some folk were thinking, that he was after my money, or a passport. I didn’t mention did I, he’s American, brought up in Arkansas, but Patrick is a novelist, quite a good one. Not wealthy but able to support himself.
“Register, Smegister, that wasn’t the genuine article either, Mycroft got it mocked up by someone in his department. As it turned out it wasn’t necessary, due to Dieter Schäfer.”
“I just wanted to say a few words, to thank you for making me so welcome in your circle. You will all know that the last few years have not been easy for me, I have played out my personal life on a very public stage, so it means a great deal to me that Gregory and I have friends around us that we can trust. I know that my detractors will say that it is too soon, but just because of three tragic marriages should I spend the rest of my life alone?”
Sherlock nodded and they went back to sitting in silence. Around another twenty minutes passed before the Duke reappeared.
“Fell in,” Sherlock concluded after Lestrade related the details of the man picked out of the river by the Thames Barrier the night before, “where’s the mystery in that? Stop wasting my time.”
Sherlock reflected that it was a good thing that this instruction had been issued before the meeting with the Duke and his assistant.
Saturday morning once again found the sitting room rug rolled up and the chairs pushed back, and Mrs Hudson’s iPod brought into play as Ralph Fell attempted to teach Sherlock his favourite (only) dance.
This train of thought was disrupted by the vibration of his phone, it was quarter past three already. Picking up the hoodie for Rosie, Sherlock scrunched up the paper and lobbed it into the bin. There was something definitely worrying his flatmate, Sherlock concluded as he left the room, John should never have missed such an easy shot.
Sherlock greeted him formally, and while John did not go in for public displays of affection, he couldn’t help being disappointed with the “Good Evening, Doctor, shall we proceed?”
Sherlock didn’t ask what John meant, he just nodded and began. He told John about the snipers, about the plans. Of Mycroft’s scheme, and Moriarty’s suicide. He skipped Serbia, and embellished Tibet. He left out the fear, the pain and the loneliness but John heard it all anyway.
He replied when he could speak again, “Anyone can see what I see but I have trained myself join up the dots.”
John opened the attachment and quickly skimmed the newspaper report. His face took on a wistful expression.
Sherlock agreed. “Which generally means one of two things, either the affaires of the deceased were particularly complicated, or the will was contested.”
“Miss Sutherland refers to her fiancé as Ian or Ian Moody if required to give his full name, but you will note that the signature, which is typed is IAN B MOODY. You are a great fan of crosswords are you not Dr Watson?”
In John’s opinion Greg looked rather shell-shocked but he kept quiet and instead joined with Sherlock in congratulating the Inspector, slapping the man on the back. Lestrade appeared relieved at the absence of snark from Sherlock and began to relax.  John however was bursting with curiosity and knowing that his flatmate had no use for small talk, took it upon himself to give Lestrade a mild version of the third degree.
“I married not long after I came into the title and the girls followed very quickly but then for a long time it looked as if there wouldn’t be an heir for Holderness from my loins. Julie Hayes was working at the Hall and I encouraged her to bring the boy with her, so I could get to know him better, instruct him in the ways of running the estate. Maybe I failed to make it clear, but I never intended anything other than James taking over as agent when Rogers retired. Then finally, and rather to our surprise, Arthur came along, James would have been around sixteen by then, and I could tell immediately that he was extremely put out.
Crowley glared at the kettle on the stove and it began to whistle, he made Aziraphale a cup of tea and sat down to listen to angel’s tale of woe. It did, as Crowley had surmised, concern the insufferable Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson.
John discovered that his joint savings account with Mary was considerably healthier than he had believed which allowed him to end his contract with the surgery and avoid the unnecessary gossip working there would have entailed. A month after Mary vanished, it was almost as if she had never existed, John was not one to let the grass grow under his feet, he had cut out the drinking, rearranged his room, and had started looking for a new position while checking for cases on Sherlock’s email. All that was missing was his profile on Tinder.
Sherlock systematically began to search the room, starting with the wardrobe and under the bed, before going through the chest of drawers. The first two drawers contained a jumble of socks and underclothes, Sherlock smile ruefully, he had never been able to persuade his flatmate of the benefits of a proper index. The next drawer down contained neatly folded tee-shirts and the bottom one John’s motley collection of jumpers. He bent and picked one up, all John’s jumpers were hideous by default, but this one, the blue Christmas one with the fair isle yoke had particularly bad associations, all the same Sherlock brought it to his face and inhaled deeply…
“Calm down. It may have escaped your notice but your family or at least one member of it has kept me and my division rather busy for the last few months. Just after some background. John’s already warned me not to ask about the Christmas dinners.”
“I’m telling you it gives the appearance of rust. It is iron oxide mixed with some form of methyl or ethyl 2-cyanoacrylate, that’s super glue to you, and smeared extensively in and around the keyhole. Most maintenance operatives would have access to some old piece of kit they could garner sufficient flakes of rust from.”
Lestrade had shopped in his lunch break for some new togs, and as a result he was dressed, if not to kill, at least to disarm, when he set off to meet Mycroft for their ‘first date’.
I can imagine Sherlock a somewhat over anxious parent, although quite happy to gift Rosie a full set of lock picks for her fourth birthday
which was much in evidence this evening and John had the worrying suspicion was going to turn into a fully formed
“Really?” Mycroft drew out the word and widened his eyes. “Very well. It is likely that Ms Morstan will have information that would be of use to us, by us I mean Her Majesty’s government. I may be able to broker a deal, make her an offer she can’t refuse.
Dinah was marvellously unfazed by his news, though what she threatened to do to the Chief Constable if he didn’t get back on time was gratifying. His most pressing concern, after abandoning his fiancée for a week, was John’s suit, but Dinah said she would sort everything with the tailor.
the sort of book his mother had loved and his sister would have thrown on the fire. He found an article in Tatler where the author had described her working day which matched Mary Sutherland’s account of it almost exactly. He also found a hatchet piece from a disgruntled editor that described Mrs Etherege as temperamental, tyrannical and talentless, which he conceded was good alliteration if nothing else. It seemed that Hermione Etheredge was an impossible person to work with and found it very difficult to keep staff. He marvelled that Mary had manged to work for her for five years but then, on reflection, perhaps he wasn’t surprised. A quiet, submissive nature such as hers was probably the only one that would be acceptable to the harridan Mrs Etherege appeared to be.
“I don’t believe that I said anything that would cause amusement. The problem with lists is the people who make them rely on their completeness and then items are often overlooked”
“Ok, leave it,” John said, able to tell now what was real and what was dramatics. “Tell me about yourself. I can’t do the observational analysis but I’m pretty sure you didn’t lie awake at night in your little bed dreaming of telling fortunes on Wilvercombe promenade when you grew up.”
“Amazing isn’t it?” John reflects “That these plants taken in moderation cure, but an incorrect dosage kills”
A brief shadow passed over the duke’s face, but Sherlock had to give him credit, his Grace gave very little away.
Not that it was anyone’s business but his own, but John had always found the Inspector’s matrimonial status something of a challenge to keep up with. He and his wife had separated and reconciled at least three times to John’s knowledge before finally divorcing during Sherlock’s ‘absence’ and there had been a very brief rapprochement even after that. However, Greg had certainly been single at the time of John’s own foray into matrimony, hence the lack of a ‘plus one’ at the reception. John’s, admitted hazy, memories of the officer after the arrest of the Mayfly Man had him a) getting spectacularly drunk and b) not getting off with any of the bridesmaids, bar staff or caterers that he had subsequently approached.
“I’m thinking of having a little get together on one evening before Christmas, just a few of us. You’d be very welcome.”
Sherlock knelt by the man’s side, felt for his pulse which was faint but steady, then loosened his tie and collar, the man seemed to be breathing normally. Sherlock cast an appraising eye over his visitor, the two-day stubble on his chin, the dirt on his collar and cuffs, and a train ticket poking out of the breast pocket of his jacket. Sherlock, extracted it, noted the details of the journey and replaced it, just as the man’s eyelids began to quiver, and a pair of vacant blue eyes looked up at him. An instant later the man was trying to scramble to his feet, his face still grey with exhaustion. Sherlock gently restrained him and offered him a cushion for his head.
“Of course, it is time for you to join your friends and see if they have any money left after their day on the machines.”
Sherlock didn’t begrudge this dereliction of duty; in the circumstances he would probably have done the same, but he did find it rather disconcerting to observe the driver seemed to be wearing sunglasses. He was just about to file this fact under the general mistrust of cabbies he had harboured for years, when Ralph appeared around the corner of the mews, flapping ever so slight and in their desperate haste to get away, the strange eyewear of the driver was forgotten.
John lit a fire and Sherlock went out to the yard to salvage his wood mould experiment. In the afternoon they bundled up Rosie and went for a walk in Regents Park. John cooked the ‘thing with peas’ for supper while Sherlock was tied up on his mobile. John could tell by the look on Sherlock’s face that the call wasn’t entirely welcome. John wondered if he should be worried. Had the police released Dinah?
He took another mint, and wrapped his arms around his chest, now he was more awake he was more conscious of the cold, he needed to make a decision quickly.
“John, Listen to me, I have a sister I speak to once a month on the phone, you have a sister you meet to argue with twice a year and as for Sherlock…”
John struggled with the rising tide of emotions that welled up inside when he thought about his former flatmate.  He feared if he saw Sherlock, he would beat his brains out for him, or burst into tears, or hug him and never let him go again. None of these reactions were acceptable so he did nothing to close the gap between them.
Sherlock speeded up “But that was years ago. You couldn’t feel that way now about the man who killed your wife and left your daughter motherless, nor should you”
The tailors had done a marvellous job in completing the work in record time. There was a slight kerfuffle when he was at first handed a suit which turned out to have been made for a man taller than John and slimmer than Greg, but this was soon sorted out and John was given the correct suit to try on. John looked at himself in the mirror and decided he had never owned such a beautiful suit, not even for his own wedding. It fitted him perfectly and he reflected that it was most likely Dinah’s influence (and money) rather than Greg’s that had produced the suit at record speed. With just the hems and a little top stitching left to finish, Monsieur Henri’s assistant took a note of the Baker Street address and agreed it would be delivered on Thursday.
Antonia was forming her own assessment. Since Thursday Crowley had worked harder than he had in years. The requested file from head office had arrived, it showed that Mary Morstan had died thirty-five years earlier only to come to life again thirty-three years later. The sweet little one that had been Mary Elizabeth Morstan, had gone straight upstairs so there was little information about her, but she certainly wasn’t the woman who was now sat in front of him.
John surreptitiously watched the group for a while longer. Now that Sherlock had clarified the reasons behind their behaviour it was all so glaringly obvious. The way the woman related to the younger man was obviously that of a lover, while the older man looked as if her wanted to throttle them both. As the night wore on, the woman became even more attentive to the younger man, who smirked at his prospective stepson when he knew his fiancée wasn’t looking. When they left, she was holding his hand with an air of defiance while her son trailed sullenly behind.
“You don’t change, do you? Two years away and you’ve learnt nothing. A child is missing, Sherlock, an eight-year-old child, and you’re too busy gallivanting around the countryside looking for someone who can quite clearly look after himself, to care.”
He was wrestling the shutter in place, when the three men entered. Sherlock quickly appraised them, deducing from their clothes, hair and general demeanour they were presently serving in the armed forces rather than just out of prison. Even so Sherlock was not taking any chances, he never liked to be outnumbered.
On his discharge from rehabilitation, Sherlock is appalled to discover that he been evicted from his bolthole in Montague Street. Forced to reside at his brother’s apartment, all his worldly goods in boxes, Sherlock makes his displeasure known by being as obnoxious as possible, to the extent that even the usually impervious Mycroft finally reaches the limit.
“I do,” Sherlock replied at once, “but not one that will be achieved with you skulking around here. I need you back in the corridors of power.”
He was also considerably more aware of his surroundings, he still was encompassed in complete darkness, but he knew instinctively that he was not blind, but rather in a place so deep that no light penetrated it. A cellar? Or more likely a cave.
When John got back at eleven, neatly shorn, he found Sherlock missing, Rosie downstairs with Mrs Hudson and his list still on the kitchen table.
John took the fuel upstairs and came back for Rosie and the suits. He quickly lit the fire, and they ate their supper. John gave Rosie a bath then brought her through to the sitting room to sit by the fire for a story, holding his clean and sweet-smelling daughter on his lap John felt the most at peace for days.
As it turned out John needed have worried, the tailor merely asked him a few questions, mentioned something about semi-bespoke and asked him which side he ‘dressed’. He then handed John a couple of half-made suits to try on behind a screen and then to come back in the one seemed to fit best.
“No, I really don’t think so.” Sherlock said firmly, but the others had heard the phrase ‘on the house’ and shouted him down.
On top of that, it didn’t even seem much of an assignment. Yes, there were bodies, or at least the remains of bodies. A comprehensive assortment of bones that certainly looked human, but where they had come from and how long they had been there was a mystery. Lestrade thought longingly of Molly Hooper who could tell at a glance that a skeleton was less than six months old. He couldn’t pin the bloke here down to a century.
“For someone who was swearing undying devotion four hours ago she has made a very quick recovery,” John observed after they had gone. “Did you know that was going to happen?”
“Tesco has been delivered already.” John said with the air of satisfaction of a man who planned well ahead. “I’ve got about a hundred things you can help me with, but firstly do you mind watching Rosie while I pop out and get my hair cut.”
“I had deduced that Dinah Shepherd was not a native English speaker, her first husband’s given name was Emmanuel Leibovitz, I traced his birthplace to a small town in what used to be East Germany. I tested my theory that Dinah might also be German by deliberately misremembering the German folk song that we know as ‘O Christmas Tree’, she couldn’t stop herself correcting me.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Since when do you have deductions, the best you can do is hunches and then usually they are wrong. There’s something you’re not telling me.”
The celebrant took them aside to sign the register, while the string quartet knocked out something that sounded a little like Mozart. John signed his name beneath Sherlock’s as witness, and the p.a did the same. The signature was unreadable, and John still didn’t know the man’s name.
“I owe you an apology too, Dr Watson,  James assured me that you were safe, I was wrong to take his word for it but I loved that boy very much; he was all I had left of my brother. But I love my Arthur more. I will do whatever it takes to keep him from harm.”
“That’s a ‘yes’ from the sickbed, Mrs H.” John said, “Give me a shout when it is ready and I’ll pop down for it, I don’t want you carrying hot liquids up the stairs.”
Mycroft didn’t move, he was scarcely breathing, his face a picture of shock, he was silent for so long Greg wondered if he should call someone. Finally, Mycroft spoke.
“Thank you, your assistance has been invaluable. I cannot…” Sherlock’s final words were interrupted by Dr Huxtable rushing out to meet them.
Just as they reached the junction and Steve looked to Sherlock for a decision, Danny started waving frantically and shouting. His uncle braked sharply, and Sherlock called out of the window.
It seemed that tragedy rather followed Dinah about, her second husband, the empresario Sir Wilfred Veneering had been murdered on their wedding day. Another of Dinah’ suitors had stood trial for the crime but had been found not guilty. Dinah had married the man within days, but there was speculation that he had been guilty after all as the afternoon of the wedding the man, had shot himself.
John and Sherlock were married in the spring, and while the work still played an important part in their lives it no longer came between them. They lived happily ever after (except when Sherlock used all the milk for an experiment, and John threw said experiment away before Sherlock was done with it, and countless other incidents of that ilk, but that was fine, because they always forgave each other, and the make-up sex was sublime!)
In the tradition of a British Summer the next day brought rain. Sherlock lay on his bunk listening to it falling both inside and out, the cabin was not entirely watertight. When he had first begun his season as The Great Nostradamo, Sherlock had assumed that wet days would be quiet ones, however the cabin lay on the promenade, close to the amusement arcades and the bowling alley and on a direct route from the bed and breakfasts to the pier, so he was kept busy.
Instead, you return to find an infinite number of mostly minor changes that accumulate to show you just how wrong you are. The hardware shop across the road is now a pawnbroker’s; the branch of Lloyd’s bank on the corner of Lisson Grove has been a vegan restaurant for over a year; the 84 bus no longer goes down the Marylebone Road; myriad changes that disorientate you and sweep the ground from beneath your feet.
“How extraordinary, it never occurred to me before, but you can almost see directly into Saltire’s room from here.”
Crowley was secretly pleased to see that Aziraphale’s little kitchenette had been largely taken over by the most precious of the angel’s collection of books; a clear indication, at least he hoped, that the foray into floristry was merely temporary and a means to an end. Quite what that end was, he hoped to discover over a glass or two of Aziraphale’s excellent Châteauneuf du Pape.
“I’ll go,” Mrs Hudson stood up after the second knock, as Sherlock still hadn’t moved, muttering “not your butler either” under her breath.
He hadn’t seen Mycroft since the day Mummy had verbally eviscerated her eldest son, completing his humiliation by calling Sherlock the ‘grown up’ while his father had sat, damp eyed, silently agreeing with everything she said. And now they were supposed to play happy families at lunch together before the parents went off to America for Christmas.
Sherlock’s suspicious look got stronger. “Who told you that, and why this sudden interest in my family?”
Then John asked again, “Are you called Tom?”, and his Sweetie groaned again, and said, “boring! I thought we had agreed to stop this?”
Aziraphale’s lips pursed into a tight line before he spoke again. “Who was treated to a timely reminder as to just what an awful patient Sherlock is once he is on the mend, and who made his excuses and went scuttling back to his fiancée as soon as he could.”
“I had suspected Dinah the moment I found out about her from Mycroft. To lose one husband may be unfortunate, to lose a second tragic, but three, three looks suspiciously like an inside job. I made up my mind to court her, to see if she would regard me as a better prospect than a senior policeman. Particularly when she discovered how wealthy I am. When I made a will in her favour yesterday, I effectively signed my own death warrant.”
“Here,” Sherlock pushed his papers towards his friend, “You have the key, work it out for yourself. I’m going outside.”
“Decorating your flat, you can’t leave it bare for Rosie’s first Christmas, and besides I want a little festive cheer for my party”
The sneezing had caused a salesman to appear from the back of the shop, he was a smartly dressed, pleasant, fussy man, with beautiful hands and quite obviously gayer than springtime. He introduced himself as Mr Fell, the proprietor and went into a stream of consciousness rapture over the colour of the bridesmaids’ dresses before talking nineteen to the dozen about teardrops, tussie-mussies, posies, presentations and pomanders. Mary soon found herself swept up in his enthusiasm and confessed that she knew nothing about flowers.
They emptied the gold onto the floor and threw the straw out of the window into the moat. Then the stranger said goodbye and vanished, and John lay down to sleep for what was left of the night.
Dinah sighed and made as if to dab her eyes, “Ah yes, my darling Wilfie, he was my rock after Manny, my first husband died. He had such faith in me, he never wavered, I owe him a great deal.”
Crowley was rarely discombobulated, but after over two hundred years of visiting Aziraphale in his bookshop the change was making him quite giddy. He had never been so glad to be wearing shades.
After the champagne, the wedding party made their way to Dinah’s suite where a hot buffet was to be served. John couldn’t help comparing Sherlock’s nuptials to his own wedding and wondered if he would have gone for so much fuss if he had truly known who he was marrying. Something must have shown on his face as Molly came up to him and slip her arm in his.
John finished writing up his notes, switched off his computer and put on his coat before turning off the lights and going in search of Sherlock.
John put on his sympathetic doctor face that also made Sherlock want to scream, but he managed to hold that back and said “Molly said I should talk to you”
The doorman secured a taxi for Mrs Hudson, Molly, Rosie and Simon, and it appeared they were all going back to Baker Street for supper. As the taxi disappeared along the Strand, John and Sherlock stood in silence in the cold night air neither wanting to go back inside just yet.
“Not a mistake I will make again.” Mycroft said firmly, shades of his old self returning, “the game is not worth the candle.”
It was late when Sherlock got home from the Yard and 221 was in darkness. Despite intensive questioning the night porter still refused to reveal who had been with the girl (Kelly Ann Whitaker, 17) at the time she had died and there were frustratingly few leads. Why TV cop shows got away with basing so many discoveries on CCTV he didn’t know. In the end Lestrade had called it a day and charged the man with various drug offences, perverting the course of justice and preventing the lawful and decent burial of a body, remanded him in custody and gone home to bed. Sherlock had also gone home although sleep was the last thing on his mind.
“Sherlock would enjoy it then.” Distracted, Sally looked doubtfully at Greg’s suitcase. “Is that all you’ve brought with you? I hope you’ve packed your thermals, I didn’t like the sound of the weather up there, it’s snow all the way once we’re passed Kirkcaldy.”
Edna Flugrath was a real person, an actress in the Silent Movies she played Mary Sutherland in the 1921 short film of A Case of Identity. I needed an unusual name and hers seemed a good choice.
John thought as he wrestled the rigid and uncooperative Rosie out of her coat and into her high chair. He needed to try to get her to eat something or she would wake up hungry at midnight and he would never get her back to sleep. Finally he got her sat at the table with a carrot stick to chew on while he heated up the rice. At least the whingeing had stopped for a bit.
He took a large piece of cardboard and the marker pen that he occasionally used for sending books through the post, when he ran out of excuses not to sell them, and wrote a few words on it. Then, something of an afterthought, he took his usual pen and wrote a shorter note for Crowley just in case the demon returned to the shop in his absence; satisfied he had covered all bases, Aziraphale transformed himself into his Ralph Fell persona and went outside.
John who had lived with Sherlock for two years, knew that this was not in fact true. Sherlock did fall asleep, often through exhaustion, during cases, however this was not likely to be one of those occasions.
Sherlock surmised that five thirty in the morning was not too early to telephone a countryman like Debbie’s brother Steve. He also surmised that his sister would have told him to expect a call. He was correct on both counts.
“If you insist, Dr Huxtable, naturally I will return to London, however I would consider myself duty bound to report the missing person to my friends at Scotland Yard.”
Had the soviets really crashed a sub here back in 1973 during some kind of NATO/Warsaw Pact busting incident that had resulted in a number of deaths? It seemed impossible that such a thing could have been kept under wraps for over forty years without one of the natives spilling the beans. But there was the problem in a nutshell, Lestrade had never come across a community as tight lipped as the Islanders, despite a three-year stint working in the East End. The Unst folk had been fine when Greg and his team had been taken for tourists but the minute they’d been exposed as police the shutters had come down.
“I set the time of arrival for 10.30p.m. on the following Friday, 12th May, that is, this evening. Dr Watson is visiting with Harry; unfortunately, she is unwell again. Sherlock is minding Rosie so at home and on his best behaviour. An ideal time for such a text to arrive.”
Harry makes an early start with a couple of pints at the Village before moving on to the Jester and the vodka. At the Queen’s Arms she bumps into Jules and Helen and some of their mates who take an easily persuaded Harry to a new place up west.
Sherlock suspected he might have deleted them earlier than that but said nothing, not when everything was going so well.
“They might be aunt, uncle and nephew… there is something… now I look again, the older two might be related.”
The restaurant was exclusive, intimate, the food excellent, the wine and the conversation flowed. Certain topics were off limits, much of their respective jobs, Greg’s drunken shenanigans, Sherlock, but they seemed to find plenty to talk about.  Mycroft paid for the meal and demurred at Greg’s offer to ‘go Dutch’.
Satisfied that this was one thing he could cross off his list, John sent Greg a text to let him know (he had given up trying to call Greg, the phone always went unanswered, and even his emails were bouncing back). Then John made his way home, taking a short detour to collect Rosie from the nursery.
Greg, who had had his eye on the British Government for years, surveyed the silenced room, turned to the shell-shocked Sherlock, shrugged his shoulders and said “Well, you did tell me to look after him”
“No, a firm over in Bakewell did most of the work, but Her Grace and I drew up the spec. We wanted something that could cover the whole estate.”
“That’s where the supposed kidnapping comes in, it is nothing more than a scheme to extort a large sum of money from the Duchess, who frankly has more than she knows what to do with, that will address the Duke’s cash flow problems and provide for his other dependent. They arrange to remove Arthur from school at night and in secret. Lure him away with a letter, probably in the letter that supposedly came from his father the day he disappeared. This letter contains the information that his mother is in the neighbourhood and wishes to see him. Arthur despite his young age knows that his parents have separated, doesn’t want to upset his father but at the same time longs to see his mummy. No doubt creeping out in the middle of the night makes perfect sense to him. He’s not afraid, he knows the person who will take him to her very well.”
Sherlock was almost to the door, he never chose to spend longer in his brother’s company than was completely necessary, but he turned and facing Mycroft said.
Sherlock looked at his landlady as if she had asked him to appear at the Royal Ballet in the role of the Sugar Plum Fairy.
Sherlock was surprised at John’s reaction and said so, quite forcefully “John, you have written a sonnet for your girlfriend which, quite inadvertently I am sure, spells out Sherlock be mine as an acrostic. I know you tend not to prioritise intelligence in the attributes of a potential partner but the recipient of this poem could hardly miss what it says”
Sherlock gave a full resumé of his plan of action, finishing with, “and I’ll need access to finances, one of those MI5 credit cards will do.”
John saw immediately what he meant; it seemed as if every light in the house was on, shining out onto the two panda cars already parked outside. As they got out of the car, the uniformed officer who had been posted by the front door came over to speak to them.
In the sitting room, John opened the desk drawer where they kept their important papers, Mary’s passport, medical card and birth certificate were missing, but she had left the cheque book and bank card for their joint account.
Perhaps it was time to seal the deal, jump the gun, make sure of him, after all she wasn’t getting any younger. She could easily accidentally on purpose forget her cap wasn’t in place the next time she got John in the right mood. Because Mary Morstan was not about to forfeit John Watson. He was her insurance policy, even more so since Sherlock Holmes had come back from the dead. Marriage to John Watson would protect her, Sherlock would see to that, and Mycroft would end up protecting all three of them.
John browsed a few more pages, “There’s a biography piece on the website about Abraham Garvey,” He read it aloud for Sherlock’s benefit. “Abraham Garvey, trained… ordained… married to Ruth, four children Lois, Leah, Lydia and Abraham Junior, known as Abe.. Says here that Abe is an assistant pastor at the same church specialising… oh holy moly… in the ex-gay ministry.”
“Sherlock,” John began, tentatively, “we’ve known each other a few years now, we’ve been through a lot. May I speak plainly to you.”
“That’s it,” he cried, “my name is Sherlock Holmes, I am a consulting detective, the only one in the world.”
“We have known each other since we were little children, and I know his faults as no one else does; but he is too kind-hearted to even hurt a fly. Such a charge is absurd to anyone who really knows him.”
John proved an able and popular addition to the school and the Headmaster was sorry that he had no permanent vacancy for him. However boarding schools tend to operate within the old boys’ network they serve to perpetuate, and he mentioned John to a fellow Head who was looking for a residential master from the Summer Term onwards. John was duly interviewed and appointed. The school was in an inhospitable part of the Derbyshire peaks and that suited John just fine.
John takes the opportunity to visit the haunts of his student days, Bart’s, St Sepulchre’s, the pubs at Smithfield market, before wandering up High Holborn to Russell Square pausing for coffee on the way.
John and Sherlock went back into the reception room of the suite to join the rest of the party. Molly and Mrs Hudson had sobered up quickly at the sight of the police taking Dinah into custody.
“But that was not what they had in mind at all; it seemed that Jo’s older sister was keen to foster the child, but her husband needed persuading… a financial incentive. It was difficult, my family had very little money, my uncle was still in possession of the title and Holderness Hall and the little capital that went with it. However, it was 1989 and the markets were beginning to recover from the crash two years earlier, I had made a few investments at the time and I was able to raise a sum which satisfied Reuben Hayes.
It was probably not the most tactful question under the circumstances, particularly as the answer was patently obvious but Lestrade seemed prepared for it.
“You never go to the cinema… oh but Mary, you’d love it. My friend Penny and I go almost every Thursday you must come with us. Let me give you my card.” She rummaged in her purse, “I had these printed when I moved here, and hardly ever give them out.”
The British Government was rather put out, ever since his driver had arrived at the appointed  warehouse with an empty car and the information that Mr Fell was waiting for Mycroft at his club he had felt less and less in command of the situation. Mycroft had no alternative than to tell the driver to take him to the Diogenes.
Dr Huxtable’s anxiety ensured the two men caught the train to Stockport, where they would change, in good time. Once settled in seats opposite each other in a relatively empty carriage, Sherlock resumed his questioning of the headmaster, this time focusing on the missing child.
The problem was that Sam was Mother Christmas. She’s started on about it the moment she came back to work from her holidays and her enthusiasm for the season was unabated. She’d had her tree up at home since the First of November and had bought and wrapped all her presents weeks ago. The difficulty with having peaked so soon, she had nothing left to look forward to besides pestering the other staff, the patients and anyone who stepped into her line of fire about their Christmas arrangements.
They lie close but not touching, silent, each comforted by the presence of the other. Sherlock listens to John’s breathing; his own heart thumping, he imagines John’s might be the same. Rashly, (this night is extraordinary) Sherlock ventures to take hold of John’s wrist. Pulse raised!
At this, Sherlock stepped into the ring, “Mr Hilton-Cubitt has been seriously injured and is at death’s door.”
Sam was responsible for the surgery waiting area being festooned with trimmings, and the Christmas muzak that was driving everyone demented and now she was encroaching on John’s consulting room. “Just a little bit of tinsel to put round your monitor”, she said as she breezed in, “and I can give you a choice between a glow in the dark Santa or a Rudolph for your windowsill, just to make it a little more Christmassy, I’m sorry Dr Maddison has already snapped up the elf on the shelf.”
“Although she was wearing shoes of the same style and colour, the right one was new, a couple of months old at most while the left was quite worn and probably only now used for pottering around the garden. In her haste to leave yesterday she put on odd shoes and didn’t notice. Something which both confirms her short sightedness and that she left in a hurry. Walking for long periods of time in mismatched shoes had caused her limp.
“Never mind.” Mrs Hudson knew better than to come between her boys and a case, “You’ll have a lovely time won’t you Rosie, helping Nana deck the halls.”
John kept his appointments with his probation officer who made several unwelcome suggestions as to suitable activities with which his could pay his debt to society. John knew that Mycroft could make the conviction disappear with the stroke of a pen but nothing would have induced him to make such a request, instead he took great pains to demonstrate his willingness to consider anything while finding objections to everything on her list.  He had no wish to work with the homeless for fear encountering Sherlock’s former network, likewise with anything to do with drug or alcohol rehabilitation triggered more unhappy memories. The thought of hospital work under these circumstances repelled him and he had no inclination for gardening. Finally, as he was running out of time and options, he agreed to volunteer at an adult literacy and ESOL project in Tower Hamlets. With the patience instilled him by a career in medicine, military life and nannying the world’s only consulting detective he quietly discovered he had a natural aptitude for teaching.
Through the baby monitor they heard John’s soothing tones as he cooed to his daughter, “what’s all this noise about?”  Mycroft reached over to the machine and switched it off.
“The clue that was bothering you, hair and eyes, feet and AU for gold, its answer has got to be features”
Freddie greeted Sherlock warmly, this being the first time that their paths had crossed since The Fall. They spent a pleasant afternoon together reminiscing over old times while Sherlock outlined the details of his present investigation and Freddie gave his opinion on the most likely way the theft had been carried out.
When John got back from work on Monday evening it appeared that Sherlock had got a case from somewhere. He had his own and John’s new laptop open plus John’s old one despite the fact it was painfully slow and crashed at the slightest provocation. He was tapping away at all the screens while at the same time carrying on an animated conversation in German on his mobile. Rosie, who been collected from nursery by Sherlock an hour ago sat at the table with him engrossed in some colouring while absently munching on some dairylea on toast.
She quickly cut him off,  “I know who you are, it’s all round the school, but I’m afraid I must ask you to leave. No visitors are allowed in the kitchens.”
Dinah had come back into the sitting room after speaking to the tailor and the butler had brought fresh tea and cakes and the three of them, John, Sherlock and their hostess, had sat and made polite conversation. Or at least John considered his attempts were polite, he thought Sherlock probing Dinah regarding the death of her first husband rather indelicate, but then the detective could never resist an unsolved crime.
Association, of the sort John has in mind with Ben, although now perfectly legal, is not exactly facilitated by the army. While entitled to some privileges due to his officer status, John in fact shares a billet with another doctor on his rotation and privacy, difficult to come by at the best of times, is almost impossible to achieve.
There was something underneath him, something soft and scratchy, a rug or sack of some kind and John wondered how it had got there, and why it had been left with him. But he was grateful for the small protection it gave him from the cold stone.
Miss Sutherland bent her head, blushing to the roots of her hair. “It is true, we have never met face to face, but I see Ian in my dreams every night and I know him inside and out.”
John turned and looked back at the Hotel Resplendent “Not the kind of place where two men might turn up without luggage at half past ten at night and book a room, even if I could afford one.”
John tore the letter into pieces and went to put them down the waste disposal, then hesitated. It was probably better to be known as Mary’s jilted fiancé than suspected of being her murderer.
Antonia kept her covered, while Mr Fell locked the shop, and Mycroft Holmes addressed her like a public meeting.
“It does seem rather ironic,” Aziraphale observed, “especially as it was your lot that invented them.”
Undertaking a relationship with the ‘British Government’ was something of logistic nightmare. Add the complication that the other half of the affaire was a senior officer in the Metropolitan Police Force and the nightmare assumed epic proportions.
“I have nothing more to say, Mr Holmes, except that I was angry with my husband for having held me back when I might have caught the rascal. He said that he feared that I might come to harm. For an instant it crossed my mind that perhaps what Patrick really feared was that the intruder might come to harm, for I have no doubts that he knows who this man is and what he means by these strange signs. But there is a tone in my husband’s voice, Mr Holmes, and a look in his eyes which forbid doubt, and I am sure that it was indeed my own safety that was in his mind. There’s the whole case, and now I want your advice as to what I ought to do.
The client had an answer, “Aunty keeps everything of value in a locked box, inlaid Javanese lacquer,  in her dressing table, if the emerald is in the house, it will be there.”
John, walking slowly and painfully across Russell Square Gardens, head down to avoid the sight of the British Museum, is so deep in thought that he does not immediately respond to the sound of his own name being called.
“You still don’t get it do you? Even after everything that has ever happened between us, Moriarty, Magnussen, Mycroft, even Mary and your sister you still don’t get it,” John banged his fist on the table, the mugs rattled, Sherlock flinched, nobody looked round, “Oh for fuck’s sake, you died, you killed yourself in front of me…”
operated from had only the most basic facilities, a bunk, the smallest of bathrooms and an even tinier kitchen but as Sherlock was not much disposed to eating or sleeping he didn’t mind; the shower functioned and that was all that mattered. Once he had got the hang of not offending his customers to the extent they demanded a refund Sherlock found he made enough to cover his day to day expenses and he had been pleasantly surprised at what very reasonably priced chemical benefits could be obtained in the average English seaside resort, particularly those where there was little or nothing else to do for six months of the year.
John reluctantly extricated himself from Sherlock’s tentacle hold and slipped on his pyjamas and dressing gown went to see to his daughter.
“Because I am going to get dressed and then I am going to put as much distance between us as possible until I calm down or forget this conversation has taken place, whichever is soonest”
On the tube journey into Soho, Mary, ever watchful, allowed her mind to wander just a little. It seemed incongruous that she of all people should be engaged in something so utterly domestic as picking flowers for a wedding. She had never imagined that she could grow old, settle down, come to terms with the past and stop running.
“What advantage did your moral code grant you? Is it not, in the end, selfish to keep one’s hands clean at the expense of another’s life?”
With Mrs Hudson keeping an eye on Rosie, John went out to the woodstore in the back yard. He filled a bucket with coke and another with kindling and logs ready to take upstairs. As he did so he noticed that the hessian covering Sherlock’s fungus experiment had come loose, exposing the logs inside to the elements. It looked rather pitiful and neglected, John quickly tapped it back in place. It was so unlike Sherlock to abandon an experiment, or at least one that was still thriving, that John worried again what was going on with his friend.
Legwork, never his natural milieu, has been beyond him for years even if there was time between meals. Instead he deploys a small army of agents operating in a web that would rival that of any consulting criminal. Chief of these, though neither brother would care to admit it, is the younger Holmes, along with his aide-de-camp, the estimable Watson.
“What is it?” John asked, coming back into the sitting room with the mugs and recognising the look on the detective’s face.
On arrival in his mind palace Sherlock takes a cursory glance towards the throne room, as he feared, his older brother, who has been delightfully absent much of the past year, is back in residence.
Mission accomplished and back in his room, he secreted the gun about his person and put the computer on to charge, he would break into that later.
Their food arrived and the deductions were put on hold until John had finished, and Sherlock had eaten enough.
“Good, then I suggest we take a turn about the Embankment Gardens and I’ll have Sidney meet us at the other side.”
John did as he was told, and when he came back Rosie was tucking into ‘han heg’ and Sherlock was engaged in a futile attempt not to be force fed a cooked breakfast.
It was a mild night, and the walk pleasant. As befits a city that never sleeps, the streets were busy. The Playhouse was disgorging the evening’s audience, while the queue to get into
Perhaps Sherlock should have realised he was out of his depth when Magnussen used the fireplace as a urinal, or six months earlier when he’d chosen not to deliver Mary to the police but rather filed that information for future reference.
Like much of Wilvercombe the Hotel Resplendent was past its heyday although it was bearing up better than most of the resort and the restaurant was still very grand, although not particularly busy. They were shown to their table by an officious waiter whose comment about Sherlock’s lack of tie was aborted by a whisper to the ear from the clairvoyant. He brought the menu and took their drinks order without further to-do.
They both laughed. “Big decision though.” Greg said sobering them both up. “Not something you rush into.”
“No do stay, I am afraid I really must run along, I have a shop to open…” Turning to Sherlock, he said “I will see you later, my dear, eight o’clock at the Savoy.”
She had sparked his interest before, Ms Mary Morstan; he’d sent a freedom of information request to his superiors after Aziraphale had first mentioned her. He was still waiting for her file, but he had done his research, and he had decided the best way to approach her.
’ the heroine is forced by her wicked uncle to marry the Marquis of Doncaster when she is in love with the penniless schoolteacher in the next village and that had a very happy ending” She faltered “Though perhaps that is not such a good example as the Marquis is killed in duel the night before the wedding and his heir turns out to be his cousin…”
“Who knows what went through his mind in those seconds before he fired the gun. But all I can tell you is that the love his life was dead and he wanted to die too.”
The autumn term began in early September. The weather was still fine, although John could detect a slight nip in the air in the mornings as he crossed the quad from his quarters to the dining room, and he observed a scattering of russet amid the green leaves of the surrounding trees. The new term brought a fresh crop of boys to the school. John was not fazed by these little princes, the one whose mother was a super model, or whose father played for Chelsea (although overall the parents were mainly bankers or politicians of the Sebastian Wilkes type). There was one boy, however, who elicited a special kind of deference from Dr Huxtable. John observed him too, a slender, quiet boy, small for his age, with a mop of curly dark hair and a thoughtful expression that caused John to reflect that he had never once seen a photograph of Sherlock as a child.
(In order to write these I have watched series four again - very closely - all very clever but you could drive a coach and horses through the plot holes. Just saying)
“I lied to myself like Abe Garvey, so I could be the man I thought I should be, and look where it got me. You believed that you were a sociopath because back when you were a child a very bad thing happened to you that hurt you very much. Somewhere along the line I think you were either taught or you decided on your own that bad things happened because you deserved it and not caring was the only way to survive. That was wrong. You’ve become a blank canvas for other people to write on, Eurus, your Mum and Dad, Mycroft, even me, always trying to fit yourself to other people’s expectations, never being true to yourself because you didn’t know who that was. It’s time for both of us to be honest.
John had not been impressed by the client, bit too la-de-da for his liking and the kind of plummy vowels that always reminded him of Mycroft.
John was not an intuitive dancer; true he was reasonably agile and had a certain amount of natural grace, but he was much more at home on the rugby field than the dance floor. However, he was blessed with no more than the usual number of left feet and could follow simple instructions, so Sherlock was not about to give up just yet.
The arms tighten again as John is pulled close and kissed quite thoroughly. The longing grows, John groans. Did the clock strike five or six? Don’t think like that, he tells himself, he breaks away and is swiftly out of bed, throwing on his clothes.
“I know just the thing,” she said with a flourish, “Guinness and Champagne, the official drink of mourning.”
John lay in the bed feeling slightly guilty that he was at least comfortable and warm while Sherlock was sat in the chair, but he wasn’t sure what to do about it. He supposed he could offer to top and tail?
“No, the agent and his wife, who acts as our housekeeper, Mr and Mrs King, live in, although they have their own quarters. It is an arrangement that dates from my father’s time.”
Vows, rings and kisses are exchanged followed by an outdoor reception at the Royal College of Physicians. Sherlock is surprised to discover that his own wedding is remarkably lacking in tedium, despite the absence of murderous photographers. (Although considering Sherlock’s limited capacity for social niceties, the photographer might be the victim this time).
Less than fifteen minutes later they’re in the service lift of an unprepossessing hotel heading for the attic rooms, the CCTV neatly sabotaged.
Sherlock refrained from adding James’ legitimacy as fuel to the fire, he would leave that to come out into the open of its own accord. Finally, he was able to make his excuses and escape.
So by the time Sherlock pulled the Aston out of the mews at the back of Baker Street heading for the A 501 the clock of St Cyprian’s was striking midnight.
“If this is about having somewhere to stay the night, I’m sure Chris’s mum would put you up, she has the most enormous house that’s always full of waifs and strays,” John said, then added quietly, “and we still need to talk.”
“Because once you have eliminated the impossible in this case, you have eliminated it all, nothing remains.”
Sherlock reserves a special level of acrimony for his older brother, and delights in displaying it to great effect, though in truth he is more annoyed with himself at getting caught than with his brother for incarcerating him, and that is saying something.
Flicking on the hall light to see the stairs Sherlock spotted two parallel tyre tracks on the tiles, slightly smudged, a Silver Cross Avia Stroller… John!
Sherlock was casually dismissive of cryptic crosswords preferring real life mysteries but he always responded to the challenge to succeed where others had failed. Picking up the paper again he started to play around with the words in his mind palace. ‘A thing of beauty, a wonder to behold’ so that was the first part of the clue, the answer being in the second ‘with raven hair and eyes of gold’ struck out. An anagram possibly? The Raven by Edgar Allen Poe, an author Sherlock considered sufficiently worthy to have resisted deletion. Au, the symbol for gold? Another possibility.
Sherlock paused, sniffed the card and pulled a face, “... bought at a petrol station. Look at the stamp, three attempts at licking. She’s obviously unconsciously retaining saliva.”
The equilibrium he had achieved, first at the school in Dorset and then at the Priory School deserted him, his limp became more pronounced and sleep eluded him. He was wary to check his private emails and put away his phone to avoid inadvertently answering a call from Mycroft, or Sherlock, or perhaps worst of all, the press. The images of the blood splattered pavement returned vividly and without warning and not just when he closed his eyes. It seemed crueller now, the suicide that Sherlock had forced him to witness, crueller because it hadn’t been real.
The nurse, a brisk efficient woman, examined John and found him remarkably unscathed from his ordeal. The wound on the back of his head was cleaned and shown to be healing nicely, his hands and knees were sore, and the skin broken in places, but John was more than capable of attending to these once he had taken a shower. The nurse checked his tetanus inoculation was up to date and prescribed a light meal, plenty of fluids and a day or so in bed to recuperate from his ordeal. John was prepared to agree to the first two suggestions.
Carefully Sherlock carried the paper back into the sitting room, placed it flat on the table and switched on the lamp. Using his magnifying glass he examine each word minutely until he was fairly certain that he could make out what it said.
This situation might have gone on indefinitely had it not been disturbed by the arrival of an early morning visitor to Baker Street, complete with frenzied banging on the front door followed by the aggravated sound of Mrs Hudson calling up the stairs.
They paid the taxi, or rather John did, and made their way into the New Scotland Yard building. Despite the impression Sherlock like to give, he did not have the run of the building and they had to wait for Lestrade to authorise their entrance.
“This won’t wait for tomorrow. We need to get to the Hilton-Cubitts as quickly as possible. Is there a train to North Walsham to-night?”
At least the hotel was half decent, though the WiFi was a joke. Lestrade thought they had rather overdone it with the tartan and the stags’ heads gave him the willies, but the roaring log fires kept the place cosy which was a good thing as outside it was cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey.
“The two children grew up as brother and sister, which in fact they were, but no one suspected. Then old Cloete got it into his head that they should marry. Motivated by money, no doubt; Baker had done so well with his big house and landed estate while he was still a tenant farmer. Jack knew he was unwell, and was afraid that if he died, Alice would turn to Paul for comfort and the relationship would become romantic, particularly with his father so keen on the idea, they might find it convenient if nothing else.
For an adrenaline addict, John Watson was remarkably predictable in his habits. He worked for four days a week as a G.P. in an NHS surgery in the centre of Camden, leaving Fridays free to keep on top of things at home. From the time he had moved back into Baker Street John’s Fridays had followed the same M.O., as long a lie in as Rosie allowed him, the online shop (such bliss never to have to tackle a chip and pin machine again!), followed by washing, cleaning, and some quality time with his daughter and whatever other occupant of 221 was available.
Sherlock thought they all sounded completely nauseating but could see why they appealed to a woman such as Miss Mary Sutherland.
His therapy session has just majored on the significance of friends and family in the healing process, this does not mean being greeted by a former colleague in a public park is welcome.
As they drew up at the school gates, John was still protesting that time was of the essence, but Sherlock was adamant.  Steve settled that argument by pressing the intercom and announcing their arrival. Despite his protests, John could not prevent a huge sigh of relief as the truck reached the top of the drive and he saw the familiar building that was also his home.
Alice Baker was a slightly built, dark haired young woman of around nineteen. She was obviously under a considerable amount of strain, as demonstrated by the dark shadows beneath her eyes and the way she nervously plucked at her clothes and bit her nails.
Sherlock looked relieved, turned off the gas, and said “I will leave it to marinade and heat it again later before our guests arrive. There is so much to do.” He looked beyond John, “Where’s Watson?”
As for Sherlock, he hardly knew where he was or what he was doing. He managed to reach his flat before he collapsed, falling full length on the couch again; John’s words echoing round and round his head. Did he say what he meant? Did he mean what he said? Did he mean to say what he said? Did even know what he’d said?
