“Don’t let her sunny disposition fool you—it was a bitch getting her out of the FBI headquarters,” Tony warns them jokingly.
Tony can’t help the wistful expression on his face as he watches this extraordinary woman walk away from him, and silently hopes that he never does anything that will cause her to walk away from his life forever.
“It goes without saying that this information is confidential and stays between the three of us,” Foggy reminds her.
It was at that moment that his father stepped in, now more composed than he was when Jane first interrupted him. He skirted around the issue, naturally, spewing some vague rhetoric on balancing business and social interests, which Thor was sure didn’t really satisfy the feisty young woman. But she had made her point, and in turn had earned his and the audience’s respect.
“We are a sovereign nation, Tony,” T’Challa answers back stubbornly, the exasperation evident in his voice. “We have laws that we follow. We have national security to think about. I may be a prince, but I do not have the liberty to do whatever I please when an incident like this happens.”
That stops Sharon, the astonishment clear as day on her face. “Okay. I wasn't expecting that, but okay.”
“This is going to be a bloodbath, Tony. This is bigger than anything we’ve ever dealt with,” she tells him. “Are you ready for this?”
“I don’t think I can ask for anything more than that. But thank you, Steve. You know how to reach me when you’ve decided.” And Tony Stark hangs up.
Pepper walks over to Tony and squeezes his shoulder. “You’re still welcome to spend Thanksgiving with me and Happy in California. Flight doesn’t leave until nine tonight, I’m sure they’ll give you a seat if you smile and flutter your eyelashes.”
Natasha nods in consent. “Not a bad idea, Stark. T’Challa will be there, as well as other persons of interest and various major GOP donors.”
I have a lot of explaining to do. But first, I apologize profusely for the year-long wait for this chapter. It has been a crazy year for me and I really couldn't take the time to sit and write. I finally found the time to continue writing these last couple of weeks. Needless to say, you'll probably have one chapter every two to three weeks leading up to March of next year. Hopefully I'll be able to finish the story, but I doubt it.
“Fine, be that way. At least make the sex video in Hill’s office?” he suggests. Darcy gets a glint in her eyes that Tony approves of. Kate narrows her eyes at the pair of them.
“By the way,” Steve says, after a minute or so. “I wanted to ask you if you could be my…I don’t know how to say this…escort? To the state dinner for the Italian Prime Minister.”
“I’ll blame it on Kate in the morning.” He spies his assistant from the corner of his eye doing shots of god knows what with the interns and shakes his head. He will definitely blame this on Kate somehow, but he’s got to admit it has leveled up to be something else, and hell, you only win congressional elections once every two years, so you might as well make a gigantic party out of it. “That was Natasha on the phone, by the way.”
Natasha is not at all surprised. “Well, then, it seems like we have our work cut out for us, Mr. Speaker.”
“I’d have to agree with Pepper on this one,” Janet adds, nodding. “There was apparently some prosecutorial misconduct in the first trial and the ruling was overturned. It’s been a few years, but they’re still waiting for a retrial.”
She pulls away, but not before giving him a tender kiss on the cheek. They gaze at each other for a while, with Tony trying to find the right words to say—
“Not that it’s any of your business, Hill,” Pepper snarls. “But if I really have become more like Tony, then I don’t see any reason why you’re not shitting in your pants right now. Two Tony’s in one chamber? I’d like to see you try and stop us.” She exits the room, heels clacking against the marble floor, leaving Maria Hill stunned and disoriented, not knowing exactly what to think or do next, which is right where Pepper wants her to be.
Tony chuckles. “Of course you are. You’d be panicking if aliens had landed. They would kick the shit out of us because frankly, the human race is woefully unequipped to deal with advanced space technology.”
“Look, Steve,” Sharon starts, her eyes warm. “I appreciate you telling me. I know you're doing this because we're family and all, but really there was no need.” She sighs. “One of the last things Peggy and I talked about was you. She asked me to look out for you, make sure you'd be okay. She wanted you to be happy, Steve. She wanted you to have another chance at happiness and I'm glad that you’ve found someone deserving of your affection and attention, especially in the middle of all of this.”
“Please don’t encourage her,” Tony tells him with a groan. “Besides, technically we’ve only done this dinner eleven times. Did you really get 2300 on your SATs, or did you pay someone to take it for you?”
She puts a hand on his arm gently, offering comfort. “But you don’t have to. I know I haven’t really been here for you since Tony became the Speaker but that doesn’t mean you don’t have the right to come to me for help, Clint. I’m still… I’m still a part of your life.”
“What do you mean you forgot about that? How in the fresh hell could you forget about something like that, Tony?” Kate asks him, dumbfounded.
“Aha, you should know never to bite the hand that feeds you, sweetheart.” Natasha laughs from the other side of the line and Tony smiles. The fierce party chair rarely laughs, rarely shows any emotion at all aside from indifferent, annoyed, or completely pissed off, so her laugh is a sound to cherish. It is pretty infections and heartening, after all, strangely fitting for her gripping good looks. “How’s the senator?”
Tony backs off. “Okay, okay, sorry for trying to lighten the mood. Murdock, what have you got for us?”
But Rumiko only shrugs and gives him a small smile of acceptance. “My father did tell me never to get involved with you.”
The silence at the other end tells him she’s smiling mischievously, the ghost of battle playing on her lips. He actually wishes he were beside her right now to see it because goddamn, Natasha Romanoff is beautiful and deadly when she’s on war mode. “Are you ready for this?” she asks seriously.
“How?” Natasha asks, flummoxed. “I’ve been trying for days and haven’t heard so much as a whisper on the Hill.”
Tony coughs. “I'm bringing a date. It's going to be all over the news and I wanted to tell you before...you know.”
“Alright,” he finally says. “I want Stark, Hill, and the Senate leadership here in the White House tomorrow.”
Steve shakes his head. “No, no. Let’s leave it for now. If something is amiss I’m sure it will turn up.” He sighs. “What’s your take on this?”
That morning, while the entire household was waking up, Loki had barged in the Odinson residence unannounced, prompting a very tense verbal exchange between him and Thor that could have easily turned violent.
Cassie returns to the kitchen sink, where the spaghetti is completely drained of excess water. “Just some Seafood Aglio e Olio. JARVIS said you’d been stuck in the Capitol the whole day, with the whole Pierce thing. Figured you might want one of your favorite dishes for dinner when you got home.”
“You just admitted to the Speaker of the House—who is also, I might add, a member of the opposing party, a party that controls the House of Representatives and is therefore supposedly your number one enemy—that you, the President of the United States, are desperate enough to actually cross the aisle to ask for help. Not only that, you’re doing it behind the backs of your most trusted advisers. Can you see why I’m having trouble believing that we’re actually having this conversation right now?”
Tony has half the mind to call this guy Captain America, but he tucks that thought away for later. “Sure thing… Steve.” The name feels foreign on Tony’s mouth for some reason. He doesn’t have a snarky comeback for this one, so the only thing he can think to do is sigh. He might as well be nice and cooperative while he’s at it. He is the Speaker of the House after all. “And while we’re on this subject of…bipartisanship, I’d like to apologize for calling you a Ken doll during the budget meeting at the White House. It…wasn’t an insult, actually.”
Peter Quill, Tony’s press secretary, walks in, extremely animated. He has a look that can only be described as a mixture of excited, slightly manic, anxious, and immensely infatuated. It’s a kind of look that would be creepy to anyone observing who didn’t know him, but to the people in Tony’s office, it’s just a typical, everyday Peter Quill look.
“Danvers is dating Rhodes, who is Stark’s best friend. Or did you not get the memo, Nick?” Natasha says with a groan, clearly tired of the whole charade.
“Of course you didn’t, and that's not what I'm saying at all. I’m just sorry that I put you in a difficult position. The same goes for Tony and Kate and everyone else who had to tiptoe around me because I couldn't get a grip.”
“That feels really good,” Tony purrs, relishing the way Steve is absentmindedly playing with his hair.
Clint knows that Natasha Romanoff is serious business. Nobody crosses her, not even the Speaker of the House. She dislikes people that make her wait. She likes order. She drinks her coffee black, no sugar. She will rationalize with you when you disagree with her, but she has such a way with words that sometimes, you don’t even realize you’re getting played and swayed by her. There are many reasons why she’s managed to keep her comfortable place on a pillar of respect (and maybe fear, just a little, though most men will not admit to this) for so long. Natasha holds her own, has spent her entire life since her parents died doing so. She wouldn’t have made DNC National Chair if she couldn’t.
“I figured.” Bruce moves closer to the President-elect who is now by the window, looking out into the Manchester night. “You miss her,” he states cautiously.
“Hm.” Natasha closes her eyes and mulls over the words that have been said. “I’m afraid I don’t have a plan for this one. I’m putting all my chips in the Stark pot, and sadly he hasn’t explicitly told me what he plans to do.” Then suddenly there’s a glint in her eye, and this time she gives Fury that mischievous smile that’s been dancing on her lips. “He’ll pay dearly for keeping me in the dark, but I know he’s got something up his sleeve. And if you want in on it, well… You’ll just have to wait and see."
Steve stops for a moment to think. These two have never failed him, most especially in times of crisis—he doesn’t see why they would now. Their suggestions are rational and fair and could actually help solve the problem, but he’s not entirely sure that the Party will be completely satiated with this proposition. They want Democratic blood smeared on the GOP altar as sacrifice, and they want it now.
“When I have a former Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court indicted for a case that revolves around vibranium, then it falls under my jurisdiction, T’Challa!” Tony exclaims under his breath, careful not to let anyone overhear. “You have to tell me what’s going on. You have to tell me what you know. We have to help each other out.”
Tony laughs in disbelief. “I envy you. Your youth and naiveté has yet to be swallowed by this monster that we call a job."
Jane sighs. There’s no better (or worse) reason to interrupt her sex life than Loki Odinson wanting to hijack a seat on the United States Supreme Court. Oh yes, the shutdown is definitely over.
“Our Darcy has always loved the underdogs,” Anne continues. “Maybe because she was an underdog herself. She had always been different, growing up. Always had big dreams that no one could understand, so no one except me and Henry believed that she could reach them.”
“Only the best for you, Mr. Stark.” Dugan walks to the starboard side of the car and opens the door to the backseat for Tony. “I will be your detail for the whole day, sir. Happy has instructed me to take you wherever you need to go today.”
“I’m serious, Kate. Look,” he puts his hands on her shoulders as a gesture of reassurance. “I know this is unorthodox even for me, but we need some modicum of cooperation if we are to get things done around here. The President has extended a helping hand—who am I to refuse it?”
“Sir?” There’s shock and disbelief, and maybe a little panic, in the Congressman’s voice. “I don’t understand.”
But art has always been his soul, his core, his center. It kept him alive in the darkest of times—the aftermath of the fire that made him an orphan, his two extended tours to Afghanistan, Uncle Michael’s sudden death, Aunt Hannah’s shortly after him, and Peggy’s long fight with cancer. Art made him feel safe in a world that had taken everyone he loved from him. It gave him hope, and reminded him of the beauty of humanity in a sea of pain and suffering.
On nights like these, he thinks about what it might feel like to drop everything, resign, and lose himself in his machines. It should alarm him how frequently these thoughts have permeated into his brain, sometimes freezing him into inaction for a good amount of time. It’s unhealthy and terrible for his job, he knows that. But sometimes—just sometimes—he can’t help but feel the heavy weight on his shoulders.
Bruce notices that Steve stops for a beat, dumbfounded at Tony’s cockiness, but he regains his composure almost immediately. “I can imagine.” The President turns to the rest of the room.
Thankfully, Steve stops blushing about fifteen seconds before Cassie enters the library, looking annoyed but not entirely contrary. She flops down on one of the armchairs and complains about her mother in great detail, much to the relief of both Tony and Steve, still clearly reeling from what had happened against the bookshelves.
“I get it, America, and I’ve been giving you your space. But six months is a long time to leave someone alone without an explanation.”
There’s a soft knock on his door and the sound doesn’t register in his head at first. The door creaks and a head pops in. “Mr. President-elect?” inquires a gentle voice.
“Oh, thank God.” Thor kisses her forehead. “My darling, you’re in the hospital. You fainted this afternoon while you were preparing dinner in the kitchen with mother.”
He truly doesn’t know what to expect. He doesn’t know how to go about this, either. It’s one thing to see Steve with all those people around them. It’s another to meet with him one-on-one. There is no protocol to follow for the latter.
“You’re not close with your family, Clint?” Anne asks after a long pause. Clint almost breathes a sigh of relief for the conversation.
Tony turns to Natasha. She shakes her head. “I haven’t heard anything. But I honestly would not be surprised if that was the case.”
Which is why he decides right then and there to come clean with Bruce on his arrangement with Tony. If he is going to get through the rest of this day and the Presidency intact, he’s going to need his second-in-command behind him. He calls up his Chief of Staff to invite him to have breakfast with him.
“Well, Fury, better make this quick. I don’t have all the time in the world,” Hill tells the GOP Chair in a commanding voice.
“What the hell, Cassie?!” Tony shouts over the music, completely stupefied by the display in front of him. JARVIS automatically turns down the volume of the tunes.
“Thank god for that,” Steve says with genuine relief, and proceeds to kiss Tony with all that passion and hunger that he had to control for the whole evening.
“After your concession speech.” She extends her hand to the door. “Shall we? There’s a ballroom full of depressed and dejected people waiting for you.”
“Why do you think I’m here? Look, I don’t claim to have a monopoly on knowing what's best for this country. President Rogers and I may be with different parties, but that doesn’t mean we can’t work together. This shutdown is all the more proof that we are willing to go beyond party lines to solve this country’s problems,” Tony declares with the finesse and arrogance of a confident statesman.
“These days don’t have to be the bad ones for us, you know,” Kate replies softly. “Is Darcy the reason why we haven’t hung out in the past six months?”
It’s Steve who finishes it off for him. “We’re going to have to tell our people about us.” He sighs. “Yeah, well, we were going to have to tell them sooner rather than later, anyway.”
in an instant. And you certainly weren’t like this when Obi came to DC and attempted to blackmail you to get you to back-off on your rhetoric on the Stane-Hammer partnership.”
“Thanks Tony. Let’s start with the case in Ohio. About eighteen months ago, a small think tank named Advanced Idea Mechanics, or AIM, was caught smuggling in about five kilograms of vibranium into Cleveland. They were charged but never went to court—the vibranium disappeared long before a trial date was set, and the judge ultimately dismissed the case,” Foggy explains.
Steve gestures to the seat beside the desk. “Phil, have a seat. I hope you don’t mind standing, Bruce. I prefer to have this talk behind this desk. It…reminds me of the responsibilities of this office, and I believe I’m going to need that once I start telling you what’s on my mind.”
Clint’s laugh echoes throughout the hallway and into the empty street. Kate smiles. Only after being friends with this man for half her life does she realize that the sound of his laughter is absolutely
The revelation that he might not be that important in Tony’s life catches him off guard and stings Steve more than it should.
“For his sake, I hope I don’t break his,” he says seriously. He offers her his hand, which she accepts as she gets up. “Dum Dum is ready when you are.”
“Cassie’s a book monster. Growing up she devoured book after book after book,” he explains. “This used to be the dining room. I had it renovated when she was about six—at that time her room already had piles of books, and she didn’t want to give any of them away. A library was the only solution.” Tony smiles at the memory. “She would spend hours here, just curled up with a book. More often than not, she’d fall asleep—on the sofa, the armchair, even the floor, and I’d have to carry her back to her room.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “Anyway,” he begins, turning back to an amused Steve, clearly enjoying the banter between the two. “Cassie was about seven when she realized that I wasn’t a fit guardian and asked why she never had real turkey during Thanksgiving. So that year I decided that we’d have an actual Thanksgiving dinner by learning how to cook a turkey.”
“Clint. You know my track record with these kinds of things. My last relationship…” Tony pauses. Clint looks up. Tony is squinting at the ceiling, working through his own thoughts. Eventually he snaps back to the present and gives Clint his signature shit eating grin.
Bruce tilts his head, observing the emotions that are playing across his boss’ face. “You care about him, don’t you, Mr. President?”
“Maybe that’s why your pathetic attempt at a relationship didn’t work. You can’t be both the dominant.”
Kate taps a few buttons and sends the information open on Tony’s tablet to hers before she hands it back to him. “We’re not short on friends in Columbia, or the general New York area for that matter, if you need a go-between.”
Steve is very tired. He doesn’t even bother hiding that to his staff anymore. This budget war has taken a toll on him, and he doesn’t have the energy to put on a show. To make matters worse, it’s getting even more difficult for him to relax—the exhaustion creeps up on him during his few precious minutes alone in between meetings, and the fatigue comes crashing down at the end of the day when he’s at the residence trying to rest. To make matters worse, he’s way more anxious than normal. He never knew until this whole budget war blew up that it was possible to be so tired and so completely on the edge at the same time.
“I had some flowers delivered to spruce the room up,” Frigga says as she comes back into the room, breaking Thor’s trip down memory lane. “And Sif called, said she had one of Valkyrie’s daughters bring some of Jane’s things. She’ll be here in about half an hour.”
Hey y'all! Sorry this took a while—I've had most of this written down for a month but the final section was a bitch to write. The next chapter will likely come faster since I've wanted to write that one for so long. Hope you enjoy!
Kate sighs and starts to get up, defeated. “Loki Odinson is in town. I suggest you watch out for him.” She will have to make up some explanation as to why she’s coming back to the team empty-handed, but that doesn’t mean she can’t help her friend out. They really do want to help, after all.
is a serious fraternization problem—fraternizing with the enemy! How well do you think this will go with Pepper? Or even worse, Natasha?” She shudders. “Oh God, I can’t bear the thought of Natasha finding out about this…”
Bruce lets out a small laugh, but it’s Tony who answers the Senator. “But this time around, we hold the power. Don’t we, Thor?”
Clint nods. “Sure. Alright, just for the benefit of our newcomers—“ he motions to Foggy and Jessica, “—we were alerted of the possibility of Pierce resigning about a month ago. We followed that lead, talked to people who don’t currently hate us and found out that the DOJ was building a case against him. We knew he was being charged for bribery, perhaps fraud, but we weren’t entirely sure about the details of the case.” He looks to Tony.
Still, that doesn’t mean that he can’t be pissed about Carol completely hiding this from him. But Carol and her team had ultimately done the right thing, and he didn’t need to be a genius to figure out that he’d been very, very wrong about Tony. He knew then, right after speaking with Carol, that he had to apologize for the way he had treated Tony during their last meeting, and he knew that he simply couldn’t pick up the phone and say ‘I’m sorry.’
Six hours, nine boxes of Chinese take-out and some cans of beer later, Tony finally comes out of that office with a strategy and, even more importantly, Natasha Romanoff’s seal of approval.
“Allow a government shutdown. You know we’re not going to accept the budget as it is right now. And I know you’re not happy with its current form either. It’s not going to get any better, Steve. Shut it down, and then we both create the budget. Snub the Republicans in Congress and let us both write it. It’s the only way I can see us passing a fair and balanced budget.” Tony is passionate and ingenious, and Steve can’t help but admit that it’s contagious. And the idea, if Steve is honest with himself, is actually not half-bad.
“The White House is hosting their first state dinner for the Italian Prime Minister next week, and if I’m not mistaken, some of us have already been handed invitations. I was hoping we could capitalize on the numerous human resources that the gala will offer us,” Tony schemes.
Cassie raises an eyebrow. “I’ll let you tell this one, Uncle Tones, so you get the chance to paint me as the villain for once.”
“Been a long day. Thought we might share the same sentiment, seeing as you’re the leader of the free world and all.”
In between tears and kisses, the room erupts into laughter, exuberance, and gratefulness for the wonderful and unexpected blessing they have received.
“What do they want for it?” Wade asks. He’s already formulating a plan in his head on how to proceed.
“I’m afraid we don’t have that in this party,” Bruce remarks, and Phil chuckles, much to the President’s dismay. “Look, sir. The situation in the House has become increasingly volatile. Democrats want our heads on a silver platter, and Hill and her team do not have a wide range of choices left in their arsenal. We’re dealing with desperation here and frankly, we need an iron fist.”
gleaming brilliantly under DC’s winter moonlight. Her smile is coy, and she walks towards Tony with an elegance that money and class cannot buy—it simply radiates from within her. He remembers how this grace made it easy for him to fall in love with her, how natural it was to just simply be with her. And with her standing in front of him looking as radiant as ever, it would not be so hard to fall back into that feeling again. But they had their time, and all their cards had run out all those years ago. Now an unspoken fondness and mutual respect remain, their strong and steady friendship weathering the years that have passed since they both decided that being romantically involved was no longer in their best interests.
Tony smiles at her thoughtfulness and feels his heart sting a little. Yes, he really has missed his goddaughter. “Need any help?”
“This isn’t just about a corrupt Supreme Court judge, Tony. This is something much bigger.” Natasha is deadly serious.
Tony nods solemnly. “Yes. Cassie’s never forgiven her, even when she reappeared about three years ago.”
Tony takes the napkin and puts it inside his jacket pocket for safekeeping. “I appreciate this, Carol. I really do.”
Tony laughs with him, his problems forgotten for a moment. He’s grateful for this precious time he has with Steve, despite the myriad of problems and challenges waiting for him outside of the White House walls. He will still have to deal with Natasha and her impatience tomorrow, and then maybe Jessica and whatever new intel she has, or perhaps Thor and any new information he might have on Loki. But tonight, he’ll pack all of those worries in a tiny box and set it aside in a corner of his mind. Tonight, he has Steve’s blue eyes and thunderous laugh. He has Steve’s warmth and his fingers running through his hair.
But he doesn’t blame himself when he dreams of circuits and currents with a dash of blonde hair and clear, azure eyes.
Bruce greets back and Steve gives him a curt nod. “We’re not in very high spirits this morning, are we?” Phil notes.
“The hell I’m flying all the way to Arizona and spending Thanksgiving with her when my favorite godfather is just a train ride away,” Cassie tells him with a smile as she drains the spaghetti over the sink.
A point of concern was raised in the comments section of the previous chapter regarding 2011 as the year of the Presidential elections. We'd like to reiterate that we're using a completely different timeline (not unlike what the writers did for the West Wing) in order for the three of us to write more flexibly with regard to the hot topic issues in US politics today. Though we will be, of course, inventing our own relevant issues.
Tony laughs, genuine and rich and with all seriousness in the world. “Are you kidding me right now, Tash?” He leans back and Natasha actually returns his laugh. Glorious. “I was
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
“According to the Constitution, sure. But I believe the spirit of both positions is the same. The only difference is that I have the codes to our nuclear arsenal and you don’t. But then again, you have to deal with Congress every single day, so that makes us even.”
“I am,” Steve admits, and takes a deep breath before continuing. “I spent all night thinking about this, and I figured it was time to tell you. Confess, if you will.”
Sharon freezes, eyes wide and sad. She has Peggy’s eyes, and he knows that look. It’s the look Peggy had when her heart was too heavy. “I miss her everyday of my life,” she tells him, her voice cracking.
Which clearly Tony doesn’t want to do. He knows in his gut that Natasha knows about his arrangement with Steve—but then, there is a difference between Natasha knowing because Natasha is terrifying that way, and Natasha knowing because you are left with no other choice than to admit to Natasha that thing that she already knows. And everyone in the Democratic Party knows that if you at all value your life, then the former is much, much preferable than the latter.
When he spots T’Challa alone at the far end corner of the ballroom, Tony manages to excuse himself from the conversation he’s having with some of Steve’s cabinet members. He moves quickly, masterfully avoiding any other discussions, determined to catch the Wakandan prince alone.
Finally, they break away, their eyes locking—azure on steel blue. They’re both panting heavily, not quite sure what just happened or what to say, hands still on each other.
“At some level, I do agree that we have become lax these past months,” Phil says honestly. “And Bruce is right, sir. We’re going to need to assert our authority.” Steve wrinkles his eyebrows in disapproval, but Phil continues. “We’re not saying that this is our fault, sir, but rather that our children are misbehaving and they need disciplining.”
“There’s a reason why I am where I am,” Natasha replies nonchalantly. “You want to ask about Clint, so go ahead. Ask me.”
Kate is in front of him, irritated and impatient, tapping her foot and waiting for answer. “Well, Tony?”
He gives his assistant a goading look. “Bite me, okay, I have a lot on my mind right now.” Tony turns back to his press secretary. “Did you get a call from Ororo Munroe?”
“We’ll be cooking and tasting stuff the whole afternoon. I don’t want to ruin my appetite,” Tony replies coolly, not taking his eyes off his phone.
Kate raises an eyebrow in amusement, remembering that night of revelry almost a year ago that did not end well—for Tony, at least. He had no choice but to pick up the check. “For the record, that was one time, and you were complicit to that mess.” She slides onto a stool beside America. “But seriously, I’m here on business and I don’t have a lot of time. I need to head to Tony’s as soon as I’m done here.”
Tony gives her a sly smile. “If there’s one thing I’ve learned from dating you for over six years is that the only thing anyone should expect from you is the unexpected.”
She goes around his desk and smacks his upper arm again, but it’s not the playful kind this time. “Are you out of your fucking mind?!” There is some intense smacking in between each word.
“Yes, of course. Hello.” Natasha politely shakes their hands. When she turns to Killian, she gives him a shy, flirtatious smile.
“The President is the only person I can’t control in the party, Natasha. You of all people should know that.” He sits back and crosses his arms. “And you’re the one to talk. You can’t control your iron boy, either.”
Tony laughs heartily. “This is why you’re my favorite, Dum-Dum. Besides the great nickname, of course.” He slides inside car and they start the drive to the Hill. “How are the kids?” he asks his chauffeur for the day. Contrary to popular belief, Tony actually cares about people, especially people who take the time to make sure he’s alright, but he’ll never say that out loud to anyone ever.
“The only way for Rogers to know about Pierce retiring is if the Oval Office already received his letter of retirement,” she adds thoughtfully. “Which would mean that the two would have already met to discuss Pierce’s reasons, and also perhaps floating names for his successor.”
"Music to my ears," Clint says approvingly, taking the offered glass from Tony's outstretched hand. Tony himself has taken to cradling the bottle with him.
Jessica Jones goes down a flight of stairs hidden behind the dish cabinet of a gritty bar near Logan Circle. She is met by the tense yet excited faces of the Democratic Party’s most popular and most powerful political operatives. They’re all tuned to the flat screen mounted on the wall, the Justice department’s press conference playing on loop.
"Look what you did to my boss. Now he's going to spend the rest of his day and resources looking for that sex video we took instead of trying to block the new fascist education reform bill like he's supposed to." The words she aims at Tony are sharp and precise. It knocks him out perfectly from his daze.
Hammer laughs. “Bigger bombs? When it comes to weapons, it’s not always about having the bigger stick, you know.”
believe in the worst of people all the time.” He opens the door to the residence and holds it out for a still dumbfounded Tony. “Come on, hurry up. I’m starving.”
The Minority Leader’s office is abuzz with energetic movement, and Pepper surmises it must be due to the submission of the President’s budget request—a much bigger fight for tomorrow, she thinks, and focuses back on her task at hand. She turns to Maria’s multitasking assistant, who’s clearly busy shuffling through documents on her desk and talking to someone on the phone. “Is she…?” Pepper asks tentatively.
“Senator Barton, do you really have to sit there all morose and dejected?” she had said, sidling up next to him in a black backless dress that really should have been made illegal. “You do know we’re supposed to make people feel happy that they’re helping fund the Democratic Party, right?”
“That sounds just like my Darcy,” Anne says proudly. Then, “You think they’re serious?” she probes cautiously.
Pepper laughs. “You’re right at that.” She pulls him closer. “Look, Tony, it’s been a hell of a year for us. We lost the White House, we lost the Senate, but then we won the House. You were elected Speaker and suddenly there was this huge weight put on your shoulders because people expect you to go to hell and back for them. I can’t even begin to imagine how isolating that must be.” She sighs. “He’s probably the only person in the world right now who truly understands what that feels like, and I can’t begrudge you of that kind of solace when you’re doing so much for this country.”
an exceptionally brilliant man, Bruce,” Steve says without hesitation. “He’s extremely good at what he does. And what is most important to me is that he cares so much. He won’t admit it, not out loud at least, but I just know that just genuinely cares.”
“Aw, come on! That was eight years ago! Water under the bridge, and all that. Besides, all’s fair in love, war, and military contracts.”
“I got it, I got it,” Tony says, his hands raised in supplication. Honestly. He’d get a new assistant if Kate wasn’t the best of the best. “Just make sure he knows I need to talk to him.”
“Next year. This is just a draft of the scientific assessment. I’ve asked him to send me the impact assessment as soon as he gets his hands on a copy.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “I shouldn’t have asked. Here.” He takes his wallet out and hands her the plastic. “Make sure to invite the staff of everyone on the team—House, Senate, DNC.”
Parties have never been Steve’s thing. He has never had a taste for them—not when the more popular kids in high school started inviting him to ragers after puberty gave him the growth spurt he sorely needed; not when Uncle Michael started bringing him along at fundraising cocktails; and definitely not when he assumed his uncle’s seat and actually had to host those damned functions himself. He has always disliked the artificiality of the pomp and circumstance surrounding parties because he has always been uncomfortable with pretending, with putting on a show.
Steve nods. “That would be the prudent course of action. And I’ll need to meet with the chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee once they are informed.”
Everyone claps and Tony catcalls as Janet does small bow. “Thank you, thank you. All in a day’s work, my friends.”
Which is a shame, because despite what he says about the House of Representatives in public, he does genuinely enjoy his job. He enjoys the challenge of finding solutions to difficult problems. He enjoys seeing that his decisions result in the improvement of American lives. He enjoys celebrating with his team when they win, and he most certainly enjoys lording their victories over sullen Republicans.
“I assume you’ve figured out why my wife fainted earlier this afternoon?” Thor asks him, straight to the point.
Tony ignores that. “Anything on the other twenty-three seats still in contention?” He spots Pepper from the other side of the room and tries to grab her attention by waving ostentatiously.
“That may have been a part of this, yes. But Tony has many masks, and he wears all of them well—you wanted a show, and he’s giving it to you.” She scans the room and sees that all eyes are on them. “Look around you, Mr. President, and tell me: what photos are the press going to be putting on their front pages tomorrow?”
“Come on, you honestly believe you won’t find a partner you’ll want to spend the rest of your life with? You’re underestimating your capacity to love, Tony,” Scott tells him kindly. “I’ve seen you with your friends around campus, and in the short amount of time you’ve been here, not to mention the huge paradigm shift you’ve had to undergo, you’ve managed to create a family here. You bring people together, Tony. No amount of cynicism, or even realism, can change that.”
But that was until her laugh ended abruptly in the middle of Frigga’s story. “Jane?” his mother called out suddenly, worry evident in her voice. Thor turned to watch just as Jane crumpled to the ground, and caught her head just in time.
Finally, Jane turns to her husband and whispers, her voice cracking from absolute joy, “Thor, we’re having a baby.”
“The press will be notified of Pierce’s early retirement tomorrow,” Bruce says as he strides in the Oval office.
“And according to the lovely Miss Fujikawa,” President Eliodoro adds, “that no dancing can start during a state dinner without so much as a by-your-leave from the President.”
Even with the conclusion of the dinner formalities, the ballroom continues to be abuzz with excitement, just as Natasha had hoped it would be.
Clint rolls his eyes, but does not stop Darcy’s roistering. The affection for his assistant is obvious, and it’s clear on his face that the both of them had come out victorious from whatever they were up to. He locks eyes with Natasha for a moment, and her eyes flicker with recognition. He says nothing, and looks away to regard the rest of the team gathered in the living room.
They stare at each other for a moment, thoughtful. Then they both shake their heads. “Nah,” Tony says. “She could never be hot.”
To be able to share this with Kate who, while having been born into the lap of luxury, had grown up nearly the same way as him—the only difference being her experience of violence was more emotional than physical—is a gift that he does not dare take for granted. When he met Kate all those years ago, he saw the same quiet determination in her eyes that he had growing up. She was trapped, just as he was. When he offered her an out, she took it, and bore the sacrifice of her choice with the same spunk and stubbornness that Clint had.
He takes a deep breath. “Steve asked me to accompany him to the dinner and, well…I needed a diversion.”
“If you’re behaving this way, then it doesn’t seem like I do at all!” he exclaims in exasperation. “What do you want from me, Tony?”
Later that night, after long hours of arguing and compromising on the budget, Steve wishes he could have filled their lunch hour with more words.
Unfortunately, this town has never been for the sunny and fluffy. Reality always comes around to bite you in the ass, and that’s something that Tony has long accepted. It’s better, therefore, to get ahead than to be left behind even if it leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
They say their goodbyes and Jessica takes leave of the room, bidding farewell to everyone else who had not left yet after being cornered by Natasha for a couple of minutes, no doubt to talk more about the case.
Bruce shakes hands with the rest of the party. Thor is last, and he grips Bruce’s hand rather tightly. “Ah, the circumstance of my presence in this House is too deliciously ironic to ignore, don’t you think Mr. Banner?” Thor asks a little too jovially, trying to lighten the mood of the room.
Loki had given his brother a hard, defiant, and sinister look. “Father was dead to me long before his body expired,
“Better thank Stark and Rumiko for our cover, Nat,” Clint tells her through the comms, as if reading her mind. “The room is completely distracted.”
Elektra tilts her head and gives both men an interested smile. “What would the daughter of the Greek ambassador to the United States have anything to do with a criminal case on US soil?”
Somehow, it feels good knowing that there is someone else who shares your grief. Still, he tries to comfort her even though he needs it more than she does. “Don’t let the crazy get to you, Sharon.” He knows that she completely understands what he means.
Jane looked at him straight in the eye. “It’s not a long way when the top one percent—that’s you, Mr. Odinson—continues to exploit the bottom 99 percent—that’s all those homeless people, in case you didn’t know—to enrich themselves.”
Clint clears his throat. “Bad move on Rogers’ part, if you ask me. Hill’s going to be pissed, and he’s already used up his only Fury card.”
“Oh, please. If I did, I would never be able to take part in this little spy-slash-heist movie of yours. Now, stop brooding and tell me what my role is in all of this so I can start channeling my inner Bond.”
Maria Hill tries to negotiate again, but the meeting ends without the President hearing her. Bruce ushers her to somewhere, maybe to his office. But it’s final: the federal government will officially shut down at midnight. Tony feels vindicated, and Pepper has to hold him back from taunting the Republicans. “It’s really not nice to gloat,” she tells him, yet it’s clear that she’s satisfied with the turn of events and also wants to relish this victory in front of the Republicans.
She sighs, an expression that means he has let Tony off the hook for the time being. “Explain everything to me, from the beginning of this shit show until you walked into that door today. Leave nothing out or else I will change my mind about commuting your sentence, Anthony Stark.”
Steve can feel the man at the other end of the line shuffle and try to regain himself. “I apologize.”
“Hey kiddo, language. And no, not kidding. Steve thought we’d grace the White House with our fabulous presence tomorrow.”
The two women in the room laugh. “Good morning, Tony,” Janet Van Dyne says, and Pepper only smiles at him.
Thor shakes his head and sighs dejectedly. “Loki and I are not on good terms. It will not be that simple.”
“Right.” Tony clearly does not believe him, but doesn’t seem to want to press on. “Have any idea when we might finish all this? I want to get everything up and running again. Frankly, this whole shutdown bit is getting old.”
Fury’s face hardens into an unforgiving gaze. “You will speak of the President with respect, Congresswoman. He is the de facto leader of
He’s in the doorway between the terrace and the spacious living room, watching the people eat his food and drink his booze, and he actually could not be any happier to see about two dozen political staffers lose it a little. He thinks back on his life a little, on the path he’s chosen to take, the decisions he’s chosen to make, and tells himself that whatever shit he’s been through, it’s all been worth it. Despite the losses and the disappointments and the failures, it’s all been very, very worth it.
Tony thinks about it for a moment. “Only you and Darcy, and only because Darcy’s a creep and thus knows more about what goes on in this hellhole than most Congressmen and Senators do.”
“That’s because Wakanda never talks about any alleged vibranium movement,” Foggy clarifies. “Which makes this case even more mind-boggling. How was AIM even able to get that much vibranium out of Wakanda when it’s heavily monitored by Wakandan authorities in and out of the country?”
Cassie rolls her eyes and taps her foot on the ground, impatient. “Uncle Tony, you’ve checked, double-checked, and
Henry holds out the rectangular box to show them, dramatically taking off the lid. “Ta-da!” he and Darcy exclaim.
Steve rubs his temples, his head suddenly aching. “I’m not happy about this, Tony. We’re going to discuss this, and we’re not doing it over the phone.” He takes a deep breath. “I’m going to ask my staff to schedule a meeting with you
Steve smirks, seemingly regaining his composure. “And I’d say you don’t trust me either, Tony, if you’re being this stubborn.”
Playing host takes him around another fifteen minutes of schmoozing, so by the time Tony reaches his workshop, there is an air of anxiousness surrounding his various projects. Pepper and Jessica look impatient, each tapping a foot as he descends the stairs. Natasha sits beside Clint (surprisingly) with a bored look on her face (unsurprisingly). Thor stands protectively behind Matt and Foggy, and Kate and Janet lean against one of the metal tables, a little tense.
“Because I’ve been in this business longer than you have, Steve,” Tony says softly after a long pause, his tone dangerous. “Sincere or not, you still want whatever information I have on Pierce.”
“Oh, yeah.” She glances at the post-it note in her hand. “Matt called. He said he’s back from Greece and that he’s coming to DC today. He has a souvenir for you, so he asked if you could give him a call so you guys could meet up.” She gives him a confused look. “I didn’t know Matt took vacations.”
“Right back at you, Rumiko. I thought you had exiled yourself from this swamp when you and wonder boy broke up,” he responds, his tone of voice slimy and condescending.
“For what it’s worth,” Clint presses, clearly irritated as well. “We sat on the information because we weren’t sure what was going on. The most important thing for us was not to jeopardize whatever operation Danvers was running at the DOJ.”
Tony brings him to the basement, where he inputs a code and presents his fingerprints. The door opens, the lights turn on, and Steve can hardly believe what he is seeing. Metal tables line the wide basement space, almost all of them covered with tools and machines that Steve had never seen before in his life. He can hear whirring and buzzing, almost as if the whole room had come to life the moment he and Tony set foot in it. Tony is grinning ear to ear, and it’s clear to Steve that this is Tony’s sacred space.
Pepper shakes her head. “No, it’s nothing like that, Tash. I just don’t like that he’s being a selfish bastard about all this.” She jabs angrily at her scrambled eggs. “It’s so frustrating. I just want to know what he’s up to so I can help him!”
“Jokes aside,” Tony says, his voice suddenly solemn, “it’s not looking good, Steve. We won’t have a budget come October if Republicans continue to behave the way they are behaving. Is there nothing more you can do to keep Maria Hill on a leash?”
“The case,” someone whispers in her ear. She’s too angry at Obie to figure out who is talking to her on the comms line. “Rumiko, stay on it. Keep your cool and
Steve closes his eyes, thinks of Peggy and the pitter-patter of rain on the windowsills of their home. He realizes that although he still aches for Peggy, wants nothing more in this world that for her to be here again, he finally gets it. He may have had his uncertainties at the beginning, but he feels it seeping through his skin—this is
“Aww, come on, Uncle Tones. Thanksgiving has always been our thing. Didn’t you want to spend it with me?” she asks, but with a hint of sadness in her voice.
“It’ll be fun,” Clint says with a shrug and a smile. “I’m taking Natasha as my date, so our guardian angel will be watching over us.”
“This is all well and good, my friend, and I thank you very much for your initiative, but if you have vital information to share, speak now,” Thor says, a little frustrated. It’s obvious that he just wants to know what the hell is going on with his brother.
“Banner adjourned the meeting before the President could say anything. Hill was fuming, and Richards, quiet as he is, was livid. Even Thor was becoming irate. I was trying to keep Tony from pushing the situation into a place where we didn’t want it to be. The plan was to get Maria Hill angry, but Tony…”
Telling Sharon, however, is another entity altogether. While Phil and Bruce are his teammates, Sharon is the only family he has left. She loved Peggy fiercely, and saw her as a role model growing up. They were both extremely close, treated each other like sisters, and when Peggy walked down the aisle to marry Steve, Sharon was right there with her as her maid of honor. Telling Phil and Bruce was all about strategy, messaging, and perception. Telling Sharon is all about love, loyalty and family.
It takes Kate about a little over hour to throw away the accumulating trash and deposit the dirty dishes in the dishwasher. His bedroom and bathroom weren’t safe from the mess either, and she cleaned that up as well. To be honest, she’s more sad than angry that Clint had allowed himself to become like this, and she’s frustrated at herself for not rushing to his side the moment she noticed that the Clint Barton that had told her sixteen years ago to follow her heart was lost somewhere in that unkempt body sitting on the couch in this hellhole of an apartment.
“Sir, we’re approaching the White House,” Dum Dum informs them through the internal speakers. The car pulls up behind another black limousine in what seems to be a line forming at the North Lawn gate. Security is tight, as to be expected.
Pepper can see the fear wash over Hammer, but he regains his composure a moment later. “Now, now, Pep.”
are to blame for the mess we’re in right now. President Rogers has been more than amenable to setting aside party differences and working together. I can’t say the same for the other members of his party.”
Foggy glances at his watch. “About half an hour past midnight. And you didn’t answer my question. Are you sure about this?”
“They’ll be calling it soon. We’re looking at more or less 250 seats. That should keep the Republicans in line, don’t you think?” Natasha asks, her voice dripping with Machiavellian undertones.
Fury sighs. He hates it when Natasha has the last word. He hates it even more when she’s right. He shakes his head. He’s going to need to make some very difficult and possibly painful calls. He takes out his phone.
After seeing all his friends off and smiling the last of whatever holiday cheer he has, Tony finally leaves the room and heads out. He decides to brave the cold and walk the three miles from the bar to his house, forcing himself to brood over the Pierce case rather than dwell on the fact that he would be spending Thanksgiving alone and, an even more painful thought, that Steve had not talked to him in weeks.
Steve thought to himself with a small smile. But he also had concerns other than Tony’s enthusiasm to cooperate. “But what about Hill? Shouldn’t she have some sort of cushion for the fall that’s about to happen?”
He walks in the dining room about an hour later. Bruce is scanning the news on his phone while waiting, the breakfast spread all laid out on the table, and stands to greet Steve when he enters the room.
Ooh la la, another chapter, and it didn't take me months this time! Things are escalating and there's some excitement and intrigue in store for our favorite superheroes. Hope you guys have been paying attention in the previous chapters ;)
That earns him another laugh from the President. “I’m going to need some of that pixie dust. Care to share some of that magic?”
“Some would argue that JARVIS is more useful than the DOJ and the entire intelligence community put together,” Tony points out.
Clint nods. To Happy, so SHIELD Security can do a sweep of the car and take out any bugs that Fury’s or the Vice President’s people could have planted, and then to Tony for a debrief. It’s not unusual for Natasha to be oversuspicious, but after the meeting they’d just had, it’s necessary.
The group falls quiet, taking in the weight of the information that was just dumped on them. While Tony, Clint and Natasha had heard all of this before, opening up to the rest of their team puts things into better perspective, and allows for new modes of thinking that could help them unravel the mysteries of a case that has suddenly gotten much bigger than bribery.
With most of the guests up and about, mingling with each other, Natasha orders her team into action. “Alright, time to work for a living.”
Henry nods and does as he’s told. “I’ll set the table once I’m done with this,” he volunteers as he exits towards the garden.
“An invitation to the White House will accompany the documents to be sent to Senator Logan. Understood, sir.”
“Why the hell not? Party loyalty?” Tony asks mockingly. Steve does not answer. “Come on, Steve. You’re the leader of the goddamn free world. Your loyalty is to the American people, freedom, democracy and, I don’t know, the right to bear arms. Do you mean to tell me that you would rather protect those people who have twisted Republican values and are using said values for their own gain than do what’s best for the country? I thought you said you wanted to start governing?”
“Yes, but I’ve already committed numerous felonies for this investigation, what’s one more, right?” Jessica jokes blandly.
“I’m sorry, you—“ Tony sighs. “I assumed you wanted to take this to the next level and then you hesitated and I didn’t want to ruin the moment and I then totally ruined the moment and I—“
“Is this the part where you take all the credit and completely forget about the person who did all the heavy lifting?” Tony asks them.
“I think Budapest means more to you than it did to me, Clint.” Natasha’s using her public voice, the strong kind that she uses at the conventions to thank the donors for their continued support and Clint hates it, he hates it so fucking much but he stays quiet. Her briefcase is already in her hand. She wants to leave, he knows it, so he gives a small cough, nods at his reflection.
He closes the paper, thanks the butler for the meal and begins to walk swiftly to the west wing. People greet him on the way there, and he’s normally cheerful when he returns their greetings, but there is just too much on his mind this morning to try to even smile. Nonetheless, he greets everyone back as he makes his way to the Oval Office, still thinking about the Republican Party’s shenanigans. He’s going to have to talk to at his Chief of Staff and his Vice President about this if either of his assumptions turns out to be true. He can’t have an ineffective federal government, but he can’t have his party going rogue either.
“Push the knife in, Nat,” Clint suddenly says into her ear. “He’s talking about the State Department’s delegation to Wakanda that the Secretary announced during their press conference this morning.”
“And we’re trying to keep a low profile,” Bruce continues. “It hasn’t been very difficult, but the House Republicans are good at what they do. We’re lucky our kids at Congressional Liaison are fantastic at gathering intel, otherwise Hill and her minions would have sniffed us out and cried foul play.”
The waiter interrupts her as he brings them their drinks. He sets two flutes on the table, pops open the champagne, pours it in and follows that with the orange juice. “Madams, your drinks are on the house. The staff sends our congratulations,” he tells them with a wide, almost celebratory smile.
Thor gives her a tired yet grateful smile. “Thank you, mother. I honestly would not know what to do without you.”
Tony takes him to the sprawling living room, where the first thing he notices is the well-stocked bar at the end of the room. This puzzles and alarms him, as one of Washington DC’s worst-kept secrets is that Tony is a recovering alcoholic. He desperately wants to ask about it, but isn’t sure if he’d be crossing a line.
Kate sighs. “You know what? Fine. Let’s just talk business. I don’t have time for this shit anyway.”
Yes, Steve knows. He knows it all too well, remembers clearly how the party made a last ditch effort by sending him to Bucky’s district. Bucky won in the end, but it was at the expense of their relationship. Perhaps it wasn’t meant to be, but that doesn’t mean Steve doesn’t want to make amends.
“The President likes to keep Danvers as independent as possible, but believe me she got an earful from him,” Coulson mentions.
“Steve, are we—“ Tony catches his breath as Steve moves down to assault his neck. “Are we taking this to the bedroom?” Steve stills, his breath hot on the spot where Tony’s neck meets his shoulder, and Tony backtracks. “Or not. We totally don’t need to. I am perfectly content with what we are doing right now. This is fine. This is more than fine, actually, this is—whatever you want to do, babe, this is totally your show, you can carry on—“
Tony waves it off. “I’m not too worried about that. Just…keep your shit together. And if there’s something you’re not sure about, don’t give them a decision until you’ve come to me.”
Darcy is quick to respond. “We’re already on it. Kate’s at the DOJ right now, having a talk with America Chavez.”
Tony shrugs. “She could be hot, you know, if she removed that stick up her ass and loosened up a little.”
Natasha turns to him, her lips pursed. The fond smile is gone, and Clint braces himself for the words that tidal wave over him, braces himself for it—
of this bickering!” Tony roars, and Peter and Kate shut their mouths immediately. Tony buries his face in his hands. “On a normal basis I would be extremely entertained by this pissing contest, but I just
It’s almost eight in the morning and he’s staring at his reflection in the bathroom mirror. On a normal day he’d be in his office already, raring to go and piss off Republicans, but today he just doesn’t want to deal with any of it. He sighs and turns away from the sorry face in front of him, takes off his ratty workshop clothes and steps in the scalding hot shower.
Jessica clears her throat and makes a final quick scan of the room. She spots Carol’s determined face in the crowd and, with a curt nod from the Attorney General, begins with her statement.
“I see you’ve come to beg for your life,” Natasha says without inflection. She doesn’t look at him either, choosing to keep writing on the documents on her table rather than pay her victim any mind.
And America did. After more than a year of wooing, Rogers finally agreed to join the race for the White House and won, of course. He was the perfect candidate—smart, charismatic, honest, genuine, among many other things. People like Steve Rogers make Nick Fury’s life easier.
“I think I’ve overstayed my welcome here,” Steve says finally. “I should head back to the White House.”
“No,” she says with a sigh. “But I heard you were summoned, and I had a feeling it was about the President.”
“Did you never read fairytale books when you were a kid? It doesn’t work that way. You find it when you least expect it.”
“I’m already married to you,” she would say. “What’s a little more insanity in my life?” He’d kiss the top of her head and laugh because oh, he’s the luckiest man in the world to have the most amazing woman by his side.
Also thanks to everyone who've commented and messaged me regarding the beta position that's open! I haven't decided yet because I've yet to organize myself, but I'll keep you all posted.
“I don’t want to make you uncomfortable,” Tony murmurs. “I don’t want to do anything you don’t want to do.”
“Well, Ru, we’re glad we could indulge you for a night,” Pepper replies, clearly amused at her old friend’s excitement. “Especially since you have to deal with Tony for most of it.”
The facilitator for the discussion, flustered, tried to salvage the situation. “Well, the question and answer portion isn’t until a little later, but I guess we can entertain this young lady’s queries. Can I have your name, please?”
. That with Phil and Bruce and the rest of his staff, they can do great things. He will always think of Peggy and a First Lady-less White House, but he knows that is where he’s supposed to be at this very moment.
He hasn’t had the chance to do any of that recently, and the worst of it all is that he misses his team. Sure, he sees them regularly inside and outside of the Capitol, but because of everything that’s currently on everybody’s plates, they hardly have any time to be actual friends. He hasn’t even had so much as an after-work drink (non-alcoholic for him, of course) with Clint since Loki decided to stroll back into DC and throw their lives into chaos.
“He’ll keep everyone entertained, and she’ll make sure he doesn’t kill himself with alcohol poisoning,” she tells him nonchalantly.
"Anyone else concerned that the Paper Reduction Act has reached at least eight hundred pages by now?" He’d brought up, loaded with sarcasm and nearly growling every word out. It had been a stressful day, at least for him; what was supposed to have been devoted for other more urgent and important matters had been forcefully pushed back to prioritize this, on Reed Richards’—the Senate President—insistence.
might be the real story. According to Bruce, everything checks out—Pierce’s three-year-old granddaughter having been diagnosed with autism and his widowed daughter needing help to raise her. And yet, there is a nagging feeling in his gut that says
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
“Very happy to be here, Miss Romanoff. I finally get to fulfill my childhood dream of becoming a spy.” There’s absolutely no doubt about Rumiko’s delight at all this brouhaha.
Tony holds his hand up. “Just don’t let it happen again, Kate. You of all people should know what I’ve been dealing with these past couple of weeks.”
Steve coughs. “I’m sorry, I was—anyway.” Steve stands up, walks in front of the desk, and leans against it, willing his mind to get back on track. “I don’t want to deny Pierce of his right to retire when he chooses, but I do want to speak with him about this. Today, if possible.”
They are extremely close, there is absolutely no doubt about that. Their movements are harmonious, and unlike many of the father-daughter relationships he has come to know over the years, Tony and Cassie’s is probably the closest, and most comfortable one he’s seen. They laugh at each other’s jokes, and share their lives so casually with one another—Cassie not hesitating to tell Tony the difficulties she’s had in Harvard, and Tony not even batting an eye when Cassie asks him about all the trouble in Congress. She clearly knows his team very well, and seems to be very close to them, given by the way she easily mentions their names. They make an effort to include Steve in their conversations too, for which he greatly appreciates.
But he can see that the road is long and arduous, and it starts with Tony and getting the budget off their backs.
Sharon, the President’s special assistant, is the first person Tony sees who’s actually at her desk today. He’s in the outer room of the Oval Office waiting to be called in, and yes, he is a little intimidated. Just a little, mind you, and mostly because this is the first time that he actually has a meeting in the Oval. Even when he was Minority Leader, he wasn’t important enough to merit the privilege of being called to the most famous and most powerful office in the world.
Natasha gives him a curt nod, concurring. “Thor is right, let’s re-energize over the long weekend so when we come back we are brand new people. Jessica, Foggy, thanks for coming in, we appreciate it. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone,” she greets them, effectively dismissing the group.
brokenness. But he grew up in the world of engineering. He grew up in the world of fixing things, of looking at problems from all angles and then diving in to try to make things right again. That’s why, even though he’s not a morning person, he always, always wakes up in the morning, makes his coffee, watches the morning news, and then tries to save his country from damnation one day at a time.
“You know what? Screw what I was going to say. Love is a battlefield, fight for it. The Beatles got it right—all you need is love. Um, I’m trying to cram as many words of wisdom as I can, help me out JARVIS?”
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
He laughed at that. “I’m serious, Miss Foster. The land was bought by Asgard Realty legally, and all other transactions were above board. All occupants and tenants were given due notice. As far as the company is concerned, it had fulfilled all its legal duties,” Thor responded diplomatically as a playful smile hovered on his lips. “So what, may I ask, would you have had the company do?”
Tony finds himself pulling up in the driveway of the Executive Residence at nearly one in the morning. He gets out of the car, hands the keys to the Secret Service agent who opens his car door for him, and enters the residence with no welcoming committee to take his coat. It’s a routine he’s starting to get used to, one that he and Steve agreed on some days after Thanksgiving—to not bother the staff if Tony ever came to the residence at night.
Kate sighs in resignation. “Fine. We’re good. You know I’ll walk to the ends of the earth and back for you.”
Bruce and Phil glance at each other, and the Chief of Staff gives the Vice President a nod, as if to give him permission. It’s a strange sight to see in the Oval Office, but that’s really how the three of them work—sometimes the lines of authority are blurred and they return to operating as one unit rather than three separate offices.
“But real talk, though,” Wade says suddenly. “Do you honestly think this administration would nominate
At that point, they call it a night. Thor leaves more somber than he arrived, and Jane as well. Natasha looks more determined than ever, which is a terrifying kind of Natasha to have. Pepper is still in disbelief, and Janet and Wade are some sort of mystified but unfazed, if not a little excited. Pepper, Darcy and Clint stay behind—Pepper waits for Happy to pick her up, Darcy waits for Kate, while Clint is here for the free drink. They hang around the bar area as Tony pours Clint one of his finest scotches—that bastard always wants the good stuff.
It takes him about an hour to walk from Logan Circle to Georgetown, and fatigue seeps through his bones as he trudges through the last half-mile. He thinks about what he’ll cook tonight—he promised himself he wouldn’t buy take-out, it’s Thanksgiving weekend after all—and absolutely cannot wait to bury himself in forgotten engineering projects for the next four days. Sure, he’ll be alone, but at least he’ll think of nothing else but codes and machines.
Steve looks up at him and gives him a small, embarrassed smile. “It was a strange meeting. I don’t know, I can’t put my finger on it.”
Well, things may have changed in the past six months, but yeah, friends. Kate won’t consider her anything less.
Tony pauses, seemingly a little hesitant to share this particular idea. He is careful about his words when he starts to speak again. “You shut it down, Steve,” he tells him softly.
Winning the Presidency meant that he had to accept that putting on a show would be part of the job description, especially for grand nights like these where the only thing that people expected was a show, and a grandiose one at that. Over the years, he has learned how to do exactly that: play the game and play it well, even if it meant putting himself in situations he didn’t want to be in. And yet, tonight he seems to have lost his muscle memory, forgotten all those years of training, the tolerance for festivities like this somehow slipped away. He tells himself that it’s absolutely not because Tony is sitting right beside him, looking decadent in his bespoke white tie suit, chatting away with the guest of honor in flawless, exquisite Italian.
“That’s Tony Stark in a nutshell,” Bruce agrees, letting the fact that Steve did not entirely answer his question pass.
Steve starts from the beginning, recounting the events that led to this very breakfast with excruciating detail. Bruce listens with studious concentration, his face neutral yet soft with understanding. Steve is grateful for that—he doesn’t know if he can handle any sort of judgment right now.
She returns the smile, warm and affectionate. “I’ll only call you Clint if you call me Anne,” she bargains.
Jane had kept the peace the rest of the morning, subtly enlisting the help of his cousins Sif, Fandral, Hogun, and Volstagg to lighten the mood. Eventually, she had managed to coax Frigga out of the funk that her sons had put her in, and the house became a bustling center of activity filled with laughter again, with everyone preparing for the big Thanksgiving dinner with smiles on their faces.
Tony shakes his head. “We talked about vibranium, sure, I’ve been itching to get my hands on some samples—legally, of course—but absolutely nothing about this case.”
Well, he’s never backed down from a hard game, so what the hell, right? He decides to take a leap of faith.
The other end of the line suddenly turns quiet. Steve is sure that Bucky doesn’t know how to reply to that, and frankly, he also doesn’t know what else to say.
“I’m a Stark, what do you expect? Besides, why are you so nervous anyway? It’s not as if you’re meeting the President for the first time.”
“If that’s the case—“ Tony tosses his chopsticks in an empty carton, doesn’t miss “—then we do what we do best.”
“Yeah, I’m spending Thanksgiving with Kate and Darcy in New Mexico. Looking forward to Mama Lewis’ cooking,” Clint tells him, patting his belly.
He’s nearly fully dressed and drying his hair with a towel when Pepper comes clacking in, gorgeous as ever in a peach power suit. “Wow, you look horrible,” she tells him head-on.
Tony takes a deep breath. “I think she wanted to. She had already made a new life for herself in Phoenix, and I think she wanted to include her firstborn in that new life. But I guess she knew that Cassie didn’t want to go with her, and that I would fight for Cassie with everything I’ve got.”
The Democrats would have wanted more time to shove the successful end of the shutdown in the Republicans’ faces, but Loki’s return to the capital has given Tony and his team a renewed sense of urgency, and another battle to fight. If Natasha’s speculations about the surprising appearance of Thor’s estranged brother are to be believed—and if anyone values their life, they usually believe anything Natasha says—then this isn’t just about a simple case of filling an empty seat in the Supreme Court.
Frankly, Steve is starting to get frustrated with the whole process. For one, he’s not terribly au courant with how Congress goes about with the budget—he’s only ever been with the Senate Ethics Committee, in the seat his Uncle Michael left vacant upon his death. Second, it’s no surprise that the Democrats are doing their best to kill his budget in the House—Tony Stark is, after all, out for his head—but to be quite honest, he’s almost up to his neck with the Republicans, especially those in the House.
He tries to hold the melancholy in, but he can’t help it. “I miss her,” Steve whispers, but it is loud enough for her to hear over the aching silence of the room. She’s the only breathing connection he has of Peggy in this world, and right now he just wants to grab at it, grab at what’s left of her.
She also holds out two tablets. These are different from the standard tablet given out. A deceitful panel of glass, with a dark red border, rounded at the corners; it was another one of Tony’s side projects and these two are specifically for work. It responds only to Kate and Tony. She hands him Tony’s and they both unlock their gadgets.
They dropped everything and rushed her to the hospital. She was unresponsive, but breathing the whole drive, and Thor was beside himself. It was Frigga’s turn to console her son, holding his hand after Jane had disappeared behind the curtains with the doctors and nurses. Sif stepped up and took charge of making sure that the Thanksgiving dinner would be cooked, and that the rest of the Odinson clan, who were sure to arrive in the house very soon, would be informed and entertained.
They’re met by the White House Chief Usher, a portly old man with a bright smile on his face, along with two more members of the household staff. “Good afternoon Mr. Speaker, Miss Lang,” he greets them as Cassie and Tony get down from the car. “I am Stan, the Chief Usher. I’ve been instructed by the President to accompany you to his sitting room where we’ve laid out some refreshments while you wait. He’s currently in the West Wing finishing up a few things and will be with you shortly. May I take your coats?”
Timothy “Dum-Dum” Dugan, Happy Hogan’s second-in-command at SHIELD Security, arrives in front of Tony Stark’s house at precisely seven in the morning. To his pleasant surprise, the Speaker of the House shuffles out the door of his townhouse at two minutes past the hour, seemingly ready and strangely raring to go. Dugan has known the congressman for a few years already, and it’s unusual for him to be prompt and energetic this early in the morning. Dugan observes him with a curious eye, wondering if Stark has already been given some good news, or if it’s just the lack of sleep. It’s probably the latter.
“Alright, thanks Dugan. I’m sorry, Steve, I’ll have to go soon. I’ll be arriving at the Hill in a few minutes.”
Tony turns to his team. They’re all looking at him with some surprise in their eyes, but there are no shades of anger or betrayal. Tony is glad for that, because they still trust him and he still has their backs. Meanwhile, Maria Hill is looking to Bucky Barnes for support, but he avoids her desperate gaze. He actually feels a little bad for her, but that feeling is fleeting and goes away as fast as it came to him. Revenge is sweeter.
But despite that Matt goes with the one thing that’s never let him down before—his gut instinct. “The Pierce case.”
He grabs a pen and paper from the coffee table and proceeds to sketch designs for Scott, explaining to him the next Tony Stark flight of fancy.
“This is where things get interesting.” Matt signals to Foggy, who shuffles the documents around and picks out two sheets. “Alchemax’s main headquarters are in Johannesburg and they have no subsidiaries in the United States, but Foggy and I looked through everything that Elektra gave us and whatever was publicly available on AIM. We found one name that appeared in both files—Wilson Allan.”
The Executive Residence is on the second floor of the White House, and there is small kitchen beside the President’s dining room for his personal use. It’s one of Steve’s favorite rooms in the residence because it reminds him so much of the New Hampshire kitchen where he spent much of his time with his Aunt Hannah. She taught him how to cook, and cooking in this small kitchen—its size completely in contrast to the palatial rooms of the White House—has become a destressor for him of sorts.
“As I was about to say—since Congresswoman Hill has refused to cooperate with this administration, I want her to know that we will proceed without sharing any of our plans with her or her team, you included.” Steve is steely, if a little unforgiving—a total shift from his demeanor during the first few moments of the call.
The girl nods distractedly and gestures to the door near her desk. Pepper smiles in gratitude, knocks on the door to the private office and remembers the first rule on dealing with Maria Hill: never walk into her office looking like it’s the end of the world. So Pepper strides in with a snobbish look on her face, determined and resolute.
“Can you at least try to talk about it without actually talking about it?” Steve asks carefully, not wanting to disturb Tony’s peace.
“What is this, a sleepover club? Am I supposed to share my deepest, darkest secret with you?” Natasha asks, her brows furrowing.
“I understand how these things work, Foggy,” Elektra tells him, a bit irritated at the insinuation that she can’t keep her mouth shut. She turns back to Matt. “When do you need this?”
Tony leaps from the bed, startling Steve, and immediately answers when he finds the phone in his pants pocket, not bothering to see who’s calling. “What’s the situation?” he asks with urgency.
“Okay, wait a minute, this is really fucking me up,” Clint interjects, rubbing his temples in frustration. “This Allan guy sits on the board of a company that works for another company that’s owned by the father of his daughter’s rapist. Does that bother no one in this room?”
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
“I mean, I know the physical part would maybe make you think, well, Clint, I’m sorry, but I don’t feel that way about you.”
He never really expected their…reluctant partnership to turn out so well. He never even expected to like Steve Rogers as both a person and the President of the United States, but shit happens. He can’t help but think highly of the man now, can’t help but want his respect and be in his good graces.
She chuckles and says, “It’s never anything less with you.” She kisses him softly on the lips. “I’m proud of you.”
Once the engine starts running, Clint drives away from the warehouse as fast as he can. Natasha is tapping away at her phone, probably to inform Tony of how their meeting went. Natasha isn’t a text person, though, so Clint wonders why she wouldn’t just call their fearless leader to get it over with.
“But that only means that the investigation is serious if Carol isn’t willing to talk. And if Rhodey’s not talking either, then the DOD must be involved, or else I’m straight as a ruler.”
She goes on. “I can understand accepting an offer of cooperation from the other side, but not telling your two best people about it and planning for your next move… Jesus, Tony, this is…now
They catch up first—Carol and Rhodey updating Tony about what they’ve been up to, and Tony doing the same with all the theatrics that only he can deliver. It’s fun, light, and normal, and when their food arrives, Tony isn’t sure if he’s ready to talk business just yet. God knows that they don’t have much of these moments to go around.
“Thanks,” he responds wearily. “Couldn’t sleep last night. You’ve got to give me credit for trying, though. I told JARVIS to go on sleep mode and everything.” He tries to put a little humor in his voice, but judging by the concerned look on Pepper’s face, it’s not working. “Natasha send you?” he asks, a little resigned.
That earns him an honest, hearty laugh from her. “You’re a funny man, Fury. You rob me of the White House and then come to me for help when your boy’s in trouble. Desperate much?” She’s only teasing, though. Natasha knows him too well—she knows this meeting isn’t really about the Republican party saving face.
Pepper shakes her head. “It’s not that, I just…think he’s acting too independently from the team, if you understand what I mean?”
), but he gives her a small smile and a nod. He ends up being comforted by her words, too. A Carter trait, that—being able to provide solace despite personal grief.
“Is he—” Steve, clearly taken aback and still shocked by this new piece of information, grasps for some sort of understanding. “—sick? Dying?”
Foggy slides her a sheet of paper with a black and white logo. “The company Alchemax is registered in a dozen or so countries—one of them is Greece.”
He smiles at her nervously and coughs, not sure where or how to begin. Sharon looks at him expectantly. “Before I begin, I just want to clarify that this conversation is between an uncle and his niece-in-law, and not between the President and his Executive Assistant.”
They start off with a classic waltz to the orchestra’s rendition of ‘Moon River,’ and Steve cannot be thankful enough for all those ballroom dance classes that his aunt and uncle had insisted he take, if only to keep up with Rumiko’s more pedigreed upbringing. She is graceful and lithe in his arms, and perfectly content to let Steve lead them across the floor.
“We’ve only been dating for a couple of months. With the number of shit we’ve had to put up with since the elections, we haven’t really found the time to tell people. Relax, Tony. There is no video,” Kate says.
“Yes,” Steve answers enthusiastically. He takes off his jacket and rolls up his sleeves. “Let’s get the federal government up and running.”
When he enters the Oval Office, Steve is leaning against the Resolute Desk, smiling as he watches Tony walk inside. He doesn’t say anything to welcome the Speaker of the House. It’s a little too awkward for Tony’s liking. He stands there like an idiot while the President is smiling at him, and yet no one is saying anything. He looks around, trying to ease the discomfort in the room. He notices the couches in the middle of the room and asks with hesitation, “Shouldn’t we…?”
Tony maintains his clipped tone. “Yes, I just said that. This is Tony Stark speaking. Who’s calling?”
With Natasha in his mind, he summons all the politeness that he can muster. “I apologize, sir—Mr. President. Uh… Can I ask how you got this number?” He mentally thanks Kate for calling Happy to pick him up instead of a regular cab service. He also mentally thanks Happy for choosing Dugan among all his other men. Another thing he’ll never admit to anyone: he probably won’t be able to survive a day without all these people looking after him. Case in point: this morning.
“Just pains in our asses,” Tony adds, and the President laughs. “Maria Hill?” he ventures to guess in a half-joking manner.
“Sounds about right,” Clint adds, referring to the Ohio case. “But then that leaves AIM, and how it ties to Alchemax.”
“Tony,” Kate interrupts him in the middle of his rave. “Shut up. As your assistant, I am advising you that that would be a terrible political move. As your friend, I’m telling you that that is just tacky when a bottle of your most expensive wine will suffice.” He huffs but stops talking.
He’s had the same picture in his wallet since the last semester of his senior year at Georgetown. It is, predictably, of Peggy, taken during that unforgettable spring break in New Hampshire. While the rest of the senior class went to Miami, Santorini, or wherever rich kids usually spent their spring break, Steve and Peggy were holed up in Uncle’s Michael’s farm about an hour and a half away from Manchester, doing nothing but living the apple pie life. In the picture, Peggy is in the kitchen, covered in flour, icing, sugar, and god knows what else. She’s laughing and there had been pies strewn everywhere—they were (supposedly) pecan pies, Steve remembers vividly, his favorite—and none of them had been edible. Peggy’s never been a good cook or baker, but hey, it’s the thought that counts, right? In the end, they gave up, cleaned the kitchen and had Aunt Hannah bake, which was what they should have done in the first place.
"Good morning, sir. The weather today is at a chilly 45 degrees Fahrenheit. Shall I have your car ready?"
“I can’t believe my Secret Service callsign is ‘Hawkeye,’” Clint whispers to Natasha. “What does that even mean? Is that an actual bird?”
Follow-up question. “Are you saying the Republicans are solely to blame for the federal government shutting down?”
That someone is Darcy Lewis, assistant to Clint Barton, whose office, as far as Tony knows, is in another building at the other end of the Capitol. Yet, here she is, trading smiles with Kate in between trading words, perched on her desk, with her trademark red lips and, eugh—
“I’m serious. I’ll be having turkey sandwich for a month if I don’t get more people to eat the goddamn turkey.”
“Oh look, we’re here,” Tony says in a sing-song voice, completely disengaging himself from the clutches of his goddaughter’s tête-à-tête, as they pull up in front of the driveway of the Executive Residence.
“Welcome to my humble abode,” Tony says proudly. “I didn’t graduate with an engineering degree, but I still tinker here and there.”
For once since the whole budget war began three months ago, Tony Stark’s face isn’t on the front page of any of the major newspapers. Granted, the front page is still full of articles about the bloodbath his budget proposal is causing in Congress, but at least the Democrats decided to use the pleasanter face of Congresswoman Van Dyne to plaster on page one. Still, the budget mixed with his breakfast is not his ideal way to start the day, no matter which good-looking and amiable politician any party orders to do their dirty work appears on the media outlets. Besides, the aforementioned amiable quality always disappears behind closed doors, when everyone bares their teeth and the game turns ugly.
Jane, however, was a much longer story—it took Thor an entire year to get her to see past the proud, self-absorbed heir-presumptive to Asgard Realty that she thought he was (and she may have been right for a bit there). He befriended Erik Selvig, her mentor and adviser, whose company he found that he thoroughly enjoyed. He showed a genuine interest in her causes by attending fundraisers, dialogues, and protests. They became friends in his second year, and it wasn’t until his final semester that she finally agreed to go on a date with him.
“I’ll find some time to tell him about all of this before the week ends. It wouldn’t be helpful to us if we kept him in the dark.”
“Someone has to keep you boys in line,” Natasha reminds them in a dull tone, completely ignoring the hidden meaning behind Tony’s reaction. “I’m assuming you’re taking someone with you, Stark?”
“Her mother left her and her father when she was three,” Tony says carefully. “And then her father died two years later. I took her in.”
Natasha gives him a long, hard look. She knows he’s right, but this is not the time to be doubting themselves. “We adapt to survive,” she tells them strongly, as if wanting to believe it herself. “Tony can handle himself.”
“If you must know, Miss Potts, Pierce always takes the lead on DOD cases that reach the Supreme Court. He might have some information,” Tony retorts. “But also, yes, annoying Rhodey is necessary. Come to think of it, it’s been a while...”
Tony’s head hangs low. “I’m really sorry about all of that, Pep,” he says, regret evident in his voice.
He leans back and closes his eyes and lets Kate babble away. The government is shutting down, but hey, that’s all in a day’s work.
Happy turns a little bit too melancholic for breakfast. “I just want him to be happy, you know? He’s a really good guy.”
“Parker thinks it’s because Oscorp never wanted him to retire in the first place, and has been constantly wooing him with high-level, high-budget, short-term research contracts. He says that this sort of behavior has been consistent these past two years, but then none of the previous offers included highly controlled metal,” Foggy clarifies.
Tony takes his tablet out of his bag and hands it to Kate. “He’s a bioengineer who worked for Oscorp for decades before retiring two years ago. He’s now a professor at Columbia University.”
Because I've been dying to write a particular section of this chapter, I couldn't resist giving it to all of you in less than a week. Felt like I was vomiting words for a bit there. Also it's quite an emotional chapter and I had to restrain myself from giving you all the backstory, but that's not how I want this fic to play out so you'll have to keep reading to find out everyone's story.
“I admit I’ve been giving Tony a lot of freedom lately. I haven’t been asking too many questions because he’s been delivering good results for the party. And I like the fact I annoy Nick Fury whenever I let Tony lose.” Natasha sighs. “I don’t think I’m going about this whole thing the wrong way, but if you think I am, you should tell me now.”
Jessica Drew stands behind the door leading to the Justice department’s press room, her heart beating furiously, almost violently. She reads and re-reads the piece of paper she is holding. By now she has memorized the one-pager by heart, but that doesn’t stop her from scanning the words again and again and again. Anyone can see that she’s nervous—it’s not her first press conference, but it could perhaps be the most important one of her career.
“Fiery, headstrong brunettes who will stop at nothing to do what's right and seek the truth, no matter what the cost? Yeah, you have a type alright.”
Tony throws his hands up as if to surrender, but he has a smile on his face. “Fine. I acquiesce. Steve and Tony it is.”
And listening to his footsteps as he walks to Steve’s sitting room, he finds that there’s nowhere he’d actually be right now.
Clint takes a swig of his scotch and turns to look at Tony, amused. “JARVIS, is there any way you recorded that? I want to make it my ringtone specifically for Tony.” And he laughs into his drink.
“You called for me, Mr. President?” Sharon stands in the doorway to the Oval Office, clearly exhausted but still ready to do her duty.
Natasha and Clint look at each other with mild surprise, pleased with this new addition to the line. “Nice to hear your lovely voice, Miss Fujikawa. Welcome to the team,” she greets the newcomer.
Scott rolls up the documents in his hand and smacks Tony’s right arm. “Hey, what did I tell you about negativity? No cynical thoughts in this room, young man.”
“You’re forgetting we’ve taken back the House,” she tells him in a sing-song voice. He can practically hear her smiling wickedly from the other end.
Fair warning, though: information overload! I lay down a lot of stuff here that will be important in the third (and final) arc, so be mindful of the details...
He chose Political Science because it seemed so far away, and so much more malleable than engineering. He expected to excel in it academically, as he has always done, but never really saw himself as a potential leader for the field. His young self had been attracted to the attention, and to some extent the power the position wielded, but from the moment he stepped foot in the DNC district office it had been one hard, thankless day’s work after another, whose results he will likely never see in his lifetime. So why had he stayed all these years when he could have done something with immediate and certainly life-changing consequences?
“And I think my Jane will agree with me when I say that I hope I don’t see your faces for the next couple of weeks.” There is laughter again, but this time it’s livelier. “Have a few minutes to yourselves before we all walk down to the ballroom together. Thank you, everyone. Job well done.” Another applause, and the staff break off to hug each other and offer sympathies.
"Shut your dirty mouth, Barton." Tony makes a show of reaching over and grabbing Clint's drink. Clint plays along and draws his hand back, snickering at Tony's half-assed attempt. They settle down eventually. Tony ends up on the countertop, legs crossed and tie loosened. Clint is doing his fair share of minding his own business. Today, that means telling himself to forget about Natasha and then doing the exact opposite of that. He knocks back the rest of the scotch and grimaces when he tastes that Tony has completely watered it down. Tony nudges his arm with the bottle.
“Come on, be reasonable. This partnership is good for the American people! Especially now—we’re ushering this country’s military apparatus into the
The President takes pause. “I just—“ He laughs nervously, and Tony is confused for a second. “Bruce will kill me if he finds out I’m doing this.”
Pepper stops dead in her tracks and turns around to face Hill again. There’s smug look on her face, and Hill knows she hit a nerve there. “Excuse me?”
Tony shakes his head. “I’m uncomfortable with how you believe in the best of people all the time,” he jokes. “And if you did do your research on me, you’ll know exactly why I am all those things you mentioned.”
Steve finally stands up. “Come here,” he tells Sharon, inviting her into a hug. Sharon accepts easily. “Thank you,” he tells her softly.
Kate sighs again. “Yeah, we are. But it’s only because you have big, adorable eyes. Thank God I’m a lesbian, because if I weren’t we would have problems with fraternization in the workplace.”
When Tony answers the door, astonishment clear on his face, Steve can’t help but return the reaction. He had never seen Tony out of an immaculate suit, and here he was right in front of Steve, in nothing but a dark MIT tank top and a pair of gray sweatpants. He could have never imagined the Speaker of the House so attractive and still so imposing dressed down. In fact, he was even
“We can provide that for her,” Bruce mentioned. “If she steps aside and let’s us do our jobs, of course.”
He knows his way around this apartment, it’s his. Familiar. Safe. He’s good at navigating this place, he’s good at navigating the rigours of his job. He is completely lost at sea when it comes to Natasha Romanoff. So even if this will hurt, he needs to know. He has all the evidence that they could make a fully functional relationship from this, because he knows they could work well together.
Kate’s eyes widen in realization. “She was the judge that sent Norman Osborn’s son to prison.” Then, she stops and takes a moment to think. “Did we even want her on the bench? I don’t remember the team discussing names for that seat, certainly not hers.”
The whole staff is on high alert, their postures stiff and their nerves on the edge. Who can blame them, really—after all, 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue was painted a proud shade of blue not even six months ago. It’s mostly about being extremely territorial, with the Republicans, barely out of a gruesome two-year campaign and still reeling from the loss of the House, more ready to attack anyone who encroaches on what is supposed to be rightfully theirs.
“With all due respect, Mr. Stark—“ another cough, “—but I’m the President of the United States.” It’s not a threat, but more like a reminder. Strangely enough, Tony doesn’t think that line came with a smirk.
“No, Clint, stop.” Kate sighs. “Here, take these.” She shoves the six-pack and the bag of fastfood that she had been carrying into his hands. “Sit, drink your beer and eat your greasy food while I clean this pigsty. This is pathetic, Clint.”
Steve bursts out laughing, finding the question incredibly funny yet extremely terrifying at the same time. “Is it that obvious?”
Bruce gives him a terse nod and checks his watch. “Should we head to the Oval? You have a full day ahead of you.”
“This party is certainly a good use of taxpayers’ money. The bar is not half-bad,” he says, clearly expecting her to laugh. She doesn’t.
Elektra Natchios walks in the bar in a little black dress, her stiletto heels tapping on the hardwood floors. Foggy and Matt stand up to greet her. “I’ve been in town since October. I was wondering when you’d give me a call,” she says to them, mostly to Matt. They sit down. A waiter comes by and swiftly takes her order
. “You have to learn to take better care of yourself, Tony.” She shouldn’t be expecting anything else, not when they’re at the height of the budget war, but she’s disappointed nonetheless. Taking care of himself has never been high on her boss’ list of priorities and that worries her a lot, but she has grudgingly learned to accept this about the great Tony Stark. She tries to make sure that he’s healthy and well whenever she can.
“I’m not saying this investigation isn’t important, but…” There’s sadness in her voice. “This wasn’t the job you were elected to do, Tony.”
The door to the press room opens and a wave of flashing lights and camera sounds engulf Jessica as she gets up to the podium. She steels herself for what’s to come—this press conference is only the beginning of a long and difficult road for her and her team.
And this chapter officially begins the second arc! This is where shit hits the fan, folks, and I promise you more Steve/Tony action in the next couple of chapters (which I hope will come sooner rather than later... sighs, I have to do some major apologizing to all of you when this ends).
Tony is taken aback. Did the President just admit that he’s desperate? He really needs to have his hearing checked. Perhaps the White House has an angle, a new strategy to fix this budget mess with this call. But could it also be genuine bipartisanship on behalf of the President? Whatever it is, though, Tony is definitely interested in finding out. And Tony, being Tony, well… No one expects anything less than going for the jugular. So he cuts the act and goes straight to the point. “Is this for real?”
Cassie scrunches her face, displeased. “Fine.” She extends her hand. “Let’s shake on it.” And Tony accepts gladly.
When Kate rings the doorbell to Clint’s apartment, there is no answer at first. She peeks through the windows and sees that there is no movement in the darkness. It could be possible that he isn’t at home, but no one, not even the team, has actually seen him outside of work for a while now. She rings the doorbell again. She knows that Clint needs more than a friend after the events of the past few months—even if he doesn’t know it or won’t admit it, he needs his best friend, and Kate has been a shitty one of late. She plans to make it up to him.
It’s been a little over a week since his last conversation with Tony, and he’s had a lot of time to think about the offer. He has also discussed the options with his senior staff—without mentioning his little arrangement with Tony, of course—and their reactions were surprisingly positive, which puts Steve in a sticky personal situation.
Tony takes a deep breath, and allows himself to be lulled into a semblance of tranquility by Steve’s fingers. He thinks about his team and their frightening efficiency, their sense of duty, and their desire to seek the truth no matter what the cost. But mostly he thinks about fear, and what that cost might be if Jessica, Rhodey, and Carol were to get caught, if information about Parker were to fall into the wrong hands, if Matt and Foggy were to run into some really bad people on their search for answers. He thinks about fear and how he tries not to let it consume him, especially when so many trust him with their lives.
“It’s in the job description, sir,” Bruce jokes. “But the pleasure is definitely all mine. Can I ask, though, if you will be extending the same courtesy to the Vice President?”
So when about a month later he broke the news that he was attending graduate school at Culver University in the coming semester, everyone, including his father, was surprised. He didn’t mention his burning desire to see Jane again, of course, but they bought his sudden interest in public policy hook, line and sinker—even if the real reason he chose public policy was because he thought it would impress Jane, and that it would be the easiest program to finish.
” he says again, but only to himself, remembering what Tony had said to him just a few nights ago. Was this what Tony meant when he said that something was brewing? Had he known that Pierce was going to retire when they talked two days ago? If he did, then why hadn’t he mentioned anything?
She hasn’t had this much sex in a really long time. She and Thor have been at it for the past three days, stopping only to eat and sleep. Clearly, they’re making up for lost time, and boy have they lost so much time with the campaign and the Democrats’ newfound energy aimed at making life miserable for the Republicans. They do have sex on a regular basis—you simply have to if you’re married to Thor Odinson—but there have been times that she has missed the ‘go at it like rabbits’ kind of sex that they used to have before Thor rose up the political ladder.
Tony Stark is charismatic, engaging, brilliant, imperturbable, and yes (there’s no use denying it), attractive. Only an idiot wouldn’t understand why the Democrats continue to allow him take the reigns. But he’s also, as Steve has observed all these weeks working with him, an extremely private man, which is in complete contrast to his public persona. He keeps his cards close to his chest, veers away if anything becomes even remotely personal, and never hints at his true motivations. It seems as though you never truly get to know Tony Stark, never really get to know what makes him tick, unless he wants you to.
“Rogers isn’t very happy with the Republicans, or rather Hill, going behind his back,” Natasha shares after taking a minute to think. “He’s gone to Papa Bear to cry.”
Killian flashes her a wide, somewhat predatory grin. “We haven’t. Aldrich Killian, head of research and development at Oscorp. It’s an honor to meet the infamous Natasha Romanoff.”
“Look at this way,” Natasha adds with a smirk. “If anyone’s listening in, you’d have given them some entertainment for tonight.”
Clint looks at her with clueless eyes, pretending as though this is the first time he’s heard this. “So she probably didn’t vote for me.”
“You heard me. If you can’t write me a reasonable budget, then shut the federal government down.” Steve is sure in his words and is completely unforgiving. Tony thinks it’s kind of attractive, but he shoots down that thought. It’s not the time and the place to be the actual flirty little shit that he is. But can anyone blame him? He’s having way too much fun.
“Nick Fury wanted to call a strategy meeting for tomorrow,” Bruce tells him with a gentle laugh. “I told him to wait two or three days, let the staff catch their breath.”
Tony clears his throat, breaking the awkward silence between them. “This is my goddaughter, Cassie Lang. Cassie, this is the President of the United States.”
“That narrows the original subject easily—it doesn’t have anything to do with ixnay on mentioning atashanay, would it?”
"Kate, I see you've gotten yourself a new pet while I was away." Kate looks up, placing her tablet beside the keyboard. She gives Tony a challenging smirk.
“You’re Tony Stark,” Kate declares, as if it is a good enough reason to do anything. Which, in Tony’s mind, probably is.
Now it’s Kate’s turn to throw her hands up in the air. “Yes!” She kisses Tony’s cheek. “Best boss ever. I can’t wait to tell Darcy.”
Natasha shrugs. “To be completely honest, I have absolutely no idea why Clint and I are in the middle of nowhere after office hours. But the Vice President is here, so it must be important.”
He is a dead man walking, dragging his feet to the DNC headquarters on South Capitol. Even the DNC staffers know that he’s in deep shit with their boss—a kid from the communications team even comes up to him to offer him condolences. Natasha makes him wait a good ten minutes outside her office, presumably to make Tony sweat, give him time to think about what he’s done and regret all the life choices that he has ever made—a classic Natasha move, if there ever was one. He almost turns back when Natasha calls him in.
“Mr. Speaker, did the Democrats expect that talks would fail and lead to a shutdown?” a reporter asks.
“That’s because it was you doing the dragging, Tony. I wouldn’t have minded if you had sent the ladies after me,” the FBI agent retorts.
It takes Steve about twenty minutes of disquieted mulling before he picks up his phone to call the one person who may have some answers.
“Ignore her,” he says to Stan as he hands the Chief Usher his coat. “We brought a few things for dinner…”
Tony nods in agreement. “And I’m sure the President wouldn’t have heard anything about the case the DOJ is building against Pierce. I don’t want to blindside Carol and Jessica Drew by giving them away.”
that smile many times over the phone. So yeah, maybe this is the Steve that he’s gotten to know over the past couple of months. He trusts this Steve, so Tony will also have to trust that he can play his part well.
She finishes rinsing the last plate and turns off the faucet. Tony lets go and waits until she’s done setting up the dishwasher, turns it on, and dries her hands. When she turns to face him, there’s an adoring smile on her face, and Tony has the urge to kiss her. It takes mammoth self-control not to give in to that temptation.
“That’s my plan of attack for now. He hasn’t disappointed me, and at the moment we’re in really a good position, so I’m going to continue giving Stark the freedom to keep his secrets. But I will be watching him more closely now. I suggest you should, too.”
“You still think I don’t know how to play the game,” Rumiko says in disbelief. “I don’t know if this is sexism or ageism or racism or all of the above.”
But it’s more of a fault of circumstance than anything else. The Natasha thing couldn’t be contained and blew up into his face, and then the budget happened. Because everything was going on all at once, Kate couldn’t find the time and the energy to be there for the man who had shown her that there was something more to this world than that fake and plastic life she used to call her own. In a way, she owes Clint everything that has made her so happy for the longest time.
As they mill about preparing for the big dinner, Clint marvels at how easily they fit into Darcy’s Puente Antiguo life. Kate banters with Anne and Henry effortlessly, and they in turn do not hesitate to dote on their daughter’s paramour. They laugh so freely—something Clint hasn’t seen his best friend do for a while now.
Steve hangs his head, a little ashamed. “I know, and I truly am sorry. My emotions got the better of me. I’m not proud of how I treated you last night.” He takes a deep breath. “The last thing I want to do is lose your trust.”
He curls that fear into a little ball and tucks it at the far corners of his heart. He has to do this, at very least just so he can move on with his life.
Rhodey, however, is more malleable to Tony’s goading—a product of their decades of friendship. “I’m sure you’re aware of confidentiality rules, Tony,” he warns his best friend, albeit gently.
“Cassie, I raised you since you were five. When I say you’re going to ruin your appetite, I know from experience that you’re definitely going to ruin your appetite,” Tony contends, his tone casual.
The picture in his wallet is suddenly hot on his rear, and Peggy’s absence is all too palpable to him now. During the time he has known him, Bruce has never stepped out of line, but he has always called things as he saw them, and Steve’s never been good with hiding his emotions. He has always worn his heart on his sleeve, and he’s pretty damn sure that his yearning for Peggy’s presence is all too evident on his face. “Did you know that she was the one who convinced me to run? I didn’t want another term in the Senate, and when Fury came to me and asked me if I wanted to run for President, I was halfway out the door already. But Peggy was convinced that I’d make a good President, that it would be good for the party and the country. She died before I could make a decision.”
“I know that because he’s not the enemy,” he explains gently. His patience is running thin and he wants to get back to work, but he needs Kate to be in on this. He needs Kate to accept this arrangement. He needs Kate to understand exactly why he agreed to shake the hand of the big man from across the aisle. She’s like an extra limb to him, and he can’t be missing that limb, most especially at the height of the battle. “And because he is in the White House today for the same reason that we are in this office right now.”
He knows his senior staff can feel his unease as soon as he walks into the Oval, but the staff meeting proceeds as smoothly as it usually does. The last ten minutes of the meeting, as it has been for the past couple of months, is devoted to the budget, and Steve listens to arguments and plans that have been said out loud before. He tries not to look annoyed, but as the meeting ends without anything new to be put on the table, he cracks slightly and dismisses his staff with, “Don’t bother coming back in this office without bringing imagination.”
“Oh,” Carol says suddenly, taking a sip from her drink. “Tell Matt Murdock I said hi, won’t you?” She smiles teasingly.
But apparently they weren’t with the President, because when they arrive minutes after Tony and his team do, they’re coming from the lobby. Maria Hill does not look happy—she shoots daggers at Tony the moment she lays her eyes on him, which is to be expected. Tony, being Tony, responds with a flying kiss, which pisses her off even more. Pepper motions him to restrain himself, but it’s obvious that the exchange amused her as well because she doesn’t try too hard to stop him.
Carol and Rhodey glance at each other uncomfortably. Tony sees it but doesn’t mention it, keeping his gaze firm and unyielding. Carol doesn’t budge for a second, a vision of calm, cool and collected in the face of Tony’s wordless insistence.
Steve thinks on it for a moment. It’s a pretty good plan, but like Newton’s third law of motion, Tony’s suggestion is not without its consequences, and these are consequences that Steve is not too happy about. “It’s a valid plan, Tony, but didn’t you ever think to consider how my administration would look like? I don’t know. It leaves a bad taste on the mouth,” Steve tells him honestly.
Jane reaches for the remote and turns on the small kitchen TV. True enough, Tony is standing beside President Rogers, proudly publicizing the budget and declaring the shutdown over. Both leaders look triumphant, and it’s clear that both parties can declare this one a win.
Sometimes it hurts him to look at Sharon because he can still see a little bit of Peggy in her very young face—the strong expression, the sure set of her mouth, the soft yet resolute eyes. Tonight is exceptionally painful. He’s yearning for the strength and comfort of his best friend and true love, and Peggy’s favorite niece (her
Clint continues. “I didn’t see the text until later—I was already in a meeting with Justice Maximoff. But it was unnecessary, since Wanda herself said that
“Far from it. She got through college on an archery scholarship. I think that’s one of the reasons why Tony hired her,” she tells him, eyes crinkling with amusement. “You know how he is.”
What Tony finds is a blonde girl fretting and bobbing about in his kitchen. A turkey sits on the far end of the kitchen counter, defrosting, and brown paper bags filled with groceries are parked beside it. The table is set for two.
He breaks into a smile, the first one of the night that genuinely expresses happiness. “Truer words never spoken.” And he knows deep in his heart that all shall be well.
When he opens the door, however, it doesn’t seem as though the universe is planning on giving him the peace and quiet he so desperately wants. He is greeted by the sight of a crimson duffel bag lying on the floor of the foyer, a pair white sneakers scattered towards the direction of the kitchen, and hip-hop music blasting from the speakers installed in every room in the house. Tony’s brows furrow, deposits his coat in the entryway closet and heads toward the kitchen, looking just about ready for a brawl.
The freedom that had greeted him upon settling in Palo Alto floored him in ways that he couldn’t imagine. He could do whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted—no Board to think about, no stocks to monitor, and perhaps most significantly, no Obie to pacify. He was finally, after decades of push and pull, in control of his own life.
She has goose-bumps, some kind of nagging feeling that’s crawling under Pepper’s skin as she walks back to her office. She knew, back when they had figured out that they’d be taking back the House, that a war was coming, one that Tony, Natasha, Clint, and all the others have been so desperately preparing for. It’s exhilarating, and she can’t ignore what all this is trying to tell her.
“Good. Then I want to have the meeting in his chambers at the Supreme Court, as a sign of respect. Tell Secret Service that I don’t want any attention drawn to my convoy.”
“My daughter picks good people. Always have,” she explains gently. “And she has a particular knack for picking the best ones. Glad to know some things never change.”
crazy. I wouldn’t be Speaker of the House if I weren’t. But I’m not stupid, Kate. Stupid and crazy are two different things. You went to a good school, and I saw your transcripts, so you should know that. And you should know
“I actually have an idea, but it’s a bit desperate and will require a lot of faith on your part,” Tony tells him calmly.
“To both of us, really.” She gives him a peck on the cheek. “This is turning out to be quite the party.”
Despite his head spinning, reeling from tonight’s mix of heavy emotions, he goes to sleep knowing that tomorrow won’t be easy, but maybe, just maybe, it will all be worth it in the end.
Kate doesn’t hesitate to go straight to the point. “So the DOJ has been investigating Justice Pierce.”
Politics had been his world his whole life. Instead of growing up in the shadow of his uncle, the late and great Michael Rogers, he grew up beside him in the Senate. Michael wanted to keep the Rogers family as influential as possible, and it was obvious that he was grooming Steve to assume the mantle. The young Rogers didn’t complain—he was grateful that his Uncle Michael and Aunt Hannah had taken him in after his parents’ death, sent him to the best schools, and loved him like their own.
The hours fly by, and before Steve knows it, Tony is sliding the turkey into the oven. Cassie is about done putting the kitchenware away, and Steve is wiping the last of the dirty countertops. They all seem to be very proud of the work they’ve done.
“Because if you’re saying all of this to butter me up so I will finally give in about my information on Pierce, then you should just get straight to the point and ask me outright.”
“He’s a young and brilliant jurist with an impeccable record. With a Republican senate, he’ll breeze through the committee hearings and camp out in that seat for decades,” Natasha tells them. “If I were Rogers, Loki is exactly who I’d nominate.”
“A magician never reveals his secrets, sir,” Dugan replies with a mysterious twinkle, playing along. “But thank you, I try my best.”
There’s a flicker of surprise in America’s eyes, clearly not expecting that information, but she recovers with a wicked smile. “I’ve got to hand it to you—you guys are good. We were very thorough and very careful. Still are.” She takes a swig of her beer. “Why do you need to know?”
The President continues. “Look, Mr. Stark. I can’t turn to my own party. They’re divided. They’ve lost sight of what’s important and I’ve been trying so hard these past two months to get them back on track but…” The frustration is evident in his voice. Tony almost feels sorry for him. Almost.
Foggy and Matt sit in a posh bar in the Upper East Side, sipping overpriced whisky while waiting for their contact to arrive. The bar is dark, the tables arranged in a manner that promotes discretion, which is why Matt chose it as their meeting location in the first place—a venue that his contact would be expected to patronize, without sacrificing privacy. He taps his finger on his glass, impatient.
Cassie shrugs. “Who said anything about denying it? I just meant that you were a huge nerd then, and still a huge nerd now.”
Scott tugs on his blazers and holds his head up high in mock pride. “Well, I’m a family man now,” he says with a chuckle.
Steve cuts him off with a wet, filthy kiss which Tony’s body immediately responds to. Things heat up pretty quickly, and with Tony climbing on top of Steve. But they are interrupted by a sudden ringing amongst the rumpled clothes scattered all over the bedroom floor. It takes Tony a good half-minute of ignoring the noise before he realizes that not only is the ringing coming from his secure team phone, the tone also indicates that the call is a code red.
“Excuse me?” Jane called out. The whole auditorium turned to her. “Was it corporate social responsibility when you bought the land beneath a homeless shelter in Brooklyn and built an apartment building on it without so much as thinking about where all those people would go?”
Sure, he’s lonely. That is perhaps the one thing that hasn’t changed since he was young and growing up in the shadow of his dad. But he’s not alone anymore. He has a family here—a vibrant, diverse, and passionate family that wasn’t forced on him, but rather had come together around him to fight for worthy causes. Will he really let them down and leave them, after all these years of teamwork and camaraderie?
“I absolutely do,” she says with a chuckle. Then her expression changes. “Is it—can I stay in your house tonight? I don’t know if I want to be alone in a hotel room…”
Kate doesn’t argue, and instead bows her head in resignation. “Need anything else before I go and try to put this party together?”
“It isn’t,” Natasha says suddenly, frowning. “I appreciate the concern, Pep, but we’re both consenting adults. We can handle ourselves.”
Kate and Darcy are the second to arrive, and by the time they do, Clint is already past half-drunk, and Tony has stashed the scotch away and replaced Clint’s drink with water and a can of Red Bull. The assistants shuffle in the house with the Chinese take-out (their signature eve of battle food), and as soon as Darcy spots Clint hunched over the bar, she sighs and walks over to tend to her boss. Kate and Tony leave them alone to set up the living room.
He sought her out after the talk, but couldn’t find her amongst the crowd pouring out of the auditorium. He thought about her the entire duration of the cocktail party the university threw for his dad. He hardly listened to his father berating him over intervening at the talk—his mind was too engrossed in the ballsy Astrophysics fellow to care about whatever his father was mad about.
“Tony’s Speaker of the House now. That might get you a call from him, if only so he can ask for a favor or two.”
Steve takes a look at Tony, then at Cassie, and then back at Tony. “So, you both taught yourselves how to cook a turkey?”
Before Jane can answer, Thor returns to the kitchen, his expression urgent. “Because someone could be stepping down from the Supreme Court.” He looks at the two women seriously, voice dark. “And he’s definitely going to want to sit on that empty chair.”
Kate gives him a mischievous smile. “Give us six hours and a credit card and you’ll be throwing the party of the century.”
“See how much I love you guys?” he responds, exasperated. Tony waits for an expected retort from Kate, but nothing comes. He looks around, surprised, and realizes that she isn’t present. “Where the hell is my assistant?”
Steve nods in agreement. “I appreciate you starting your day early to meet with me. I really needed this talk to get my head straight.”
“I serve at the pleasure of the President,” Bruce replies as they sit down. “You sounded very serious on the phone.”
What really baffles him, though, is not that Tony is looking casual, but that there is a petite blonde teenager hovering behind him, staring at Steve with wide blue eyes. For some reason, he had expected Tony to be alone during Thanksgiving, and now that Steve knows he isn’t he doesn’t quite know what to do or say.
“Good evening, Mr. President,” Tony greets Steve rather sharply. He doesn’t want to be caught smiling and looking comfortable around Steve.
“If we spin it right,” Bruce added thoughtfully. “It could actually get us somewhere and also give us a reasonable budget. But it will only work if the Speaker is willing to cooperate.”
“Give me a goddamn break, you whiny social justice warriors,” Obie roars, catching the attention of the guests around them. He quickly calms down and smiles at them, as if to say
He goes to work with the second coffee of the day in his hand and a bagel in mouth. He’s still groggy and zoned out when he is greeted by animated babbling as he walks inside his office. His assistant, Kate Bishop, is already at her desk, chatting away with someone who doesn’t register in his head at first, already too lively in the morning for Tony’s tastes.
It doesn’t help that Tony’s date and infamous ex-girlfriend looks just as spectacular as he is. Together, they’re absolutely stunning, all that influence, intellect, and beauty rolled into one package—every bit the perfect Washington power couple that they were all those years ago. Steve tries to keep a level head about this arrangement, since it was his idea for Tony to bring a date in the first place. Still, he is envious of the ease in which they interact with each other, the familiarity of their touches and quips, and the fact that they are both speaking in fluent Italian with the President of Italy and his wife. Steve feels like he can’t keep up, like he doesn’t belong.
“We are now prepared to call Florida’s 29 electoral votes for Senator Steven Rogers.” The reporter’s voice echoes in a room that has suddenly gone very still. “With 277 electoral votes, Senator Steven Rogers of New Hampshire is now the President-elect of the United States of America.”
“Look, I’m all for rebelling against the system and all that—I’m the poster boy for it, believe me—but there’s a reason why things like not calling the President by their given name are done,” Tony tries to explain, a little exasperated.
Tony pinches the bridge of his nose. “And we all talked about how the DOD could be involved too, if briefly in our first meeting here, remember? Dammit, how could I have completely missed that angle?”
Fury continues to scowl at her and gets down to business. “I suppose you know what this meeting is about.”
Clint stops the car some 60 feet from the entrance, where a man and a woman stand, guarding the opening to the inside of the warehouse. They both get out slowly and quietly, careful not to make any sudden movements to cause a commotion.
The White House is a ghost town, and it’s kind of freaking Tony out a little. He has never seen it so empty and silent. There is still security present, of course, but a federal shutdown means that all non-essential personnel are not be allowed to go to work until a budget has been agreed on. Tony is hoping to do just that and drag everyone back to work as soon as possible.
“History?” Pepper repeats, noting the same language that she had heard earlier from Natasha’s conversation with Aldrich Killian. “The future? What the hell are you even talking about? Bigger bombs?”
Darcy begins without hesitation. “So. Kate and I were walking along Georgetown U today and guess who we see on the street, muttering to himself? Selvig.”
So the calls continue to come. They are a little past being professional and miles away from being personal, but they both have good ideas and valid points, and a good grasp of what each side wants. Tony finds that the rumors about Steve Rogers as a fair, nonjudgmental, and tolerant politician are true. With most of the politics set aside, it’s easy to move things forward with Steve’s brilliant and strategic mind as it complements well with Tony’s creative and ingenious one. The fact that they work well together surprised Tony during the first few calls.
Natasha shrugs. “When in the company of friends and allies…” She leans back, that familiar and mischievous smile playing on her lips. The DNC National Chair is clearly satisfied with the turn of events. “Anyway, you were saying?”
Oh, and this chapter officially ends the second arc of the fic! We're at the third and final arc now, so there's going to be a lot of plot moving forward. Buckle up, everyone! It's going to be a bumpy ride.
She stops writing and carefully puts down her pen. Slowly, she turns to look Tony, a quiet, furious anger evident on her face. “I am not happy with you.”
Steve inspects the item, slightly confused. “What’s thi—oh my god.” The gadget lights up. “Tony, is this a phone?”
“Which is why popular belief is wrong,” Tony says with a smug smile, completely satisfied with himself, and continues to make their lunch.
“The usual. Didn’t sleep at all last night,” Kate tells her girlfriend with a disapproving look. She pours two cups of coffee and hands one to Darcy.
“If I know Loki, and I do, the seat is just a small part of a much bigger scheme. There are other elements at play here, greater ones. We have to be very careful about our next move, and keep in mind that my brother will always be one step ahead,” Thor tells them gravely, with Jane nodding in serious agreement beside him.
“I appreciate you saying that. But I should have listened to you. I should have believed you, and most importantly I should have trusted you.” Steve’s tone is soft yet firm, clearly trying to sound as genuine and as certain as possible. “And I shouldn’t have pushed you too hard.”
“Darling, I do hope that’s not real fur. You of all people know how much rap I would get from the environmental lobby if it were,” Tony teases, referring to the white minx stole wrapped around Rumiko’s shoulders, protecting her from the cold.
“That is what we are going to find out,” Thor says, deep in thought. “As well as what my brother’s role is in all of this.”
Clint is still reeling from Natasha—that won’t go away anytime soon, and he’ll have to face his feelings in the very near future. But at the very least, he and Kate are okay. They’re safe in the warmest, most intimate sense of the word. That’s definitely something to be thankful for.
“That I can agree with,” he says with a chuckle. “How’s he doing, though? It must be crazy up at the Hill right now. The President still hasn’t called for another meeting?”
Matt gives him a small, knowing smile. “Did anyone ever tell you never to make bet with a blind man?”
“Present and voting,” Pepper answers with a chuckle. “Nothing out of the ordinary on my side of the room so far—same old, white male faces. I’ll let you know if something, or someone, unusual comes up.”
“Doesn’t matter anymore. What matters now is what we do with the information that we have,” Natasha says, impatient. “I’m thinking weapons.”
“Geoffrey Wilder was Chief Justice until he died at ninety-five, and Irani Rael literally waited for death to come knocking at her door before handing in her notice, so to speak,” Phil replies. “So yes, under normal circumstances, Justice Pierce would be too young to retire.”
“Post-partum depression, most likely. She couldn’t handle it, didn’t tell anyone, didn’t ask for treatment, so she left. I was already with the DNC then, but Scott begged me for help, so I hired a private investigator to find her in California, Nevada, Oregon—nothing. The whole thing took a toll on Scott so I would drive back and forth from Sacramento to Palo Alto every other day to make sure that Scott hadn’t set the house on fire. Turns out she spent about six years homeless, until a church in Phoenix, Arizona took her in and gave her a cleaning job,” Tony narrates, his voice a little restrained, as he skims through the row of books by his line of sight.
. He repeats this in his head when they make their way to the staircase. Clint ignores the pressing silence in the foyer, ignores the fact that there is no way to be professional about this right away. He’d taught himself a long time ago that compartmentalizing was an essential life skill. He tries, he really does.
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
Thank you to everyone who commented and gave kudos. Really, your support helps a lot in pushing me to write, and I really appreciate it.
“That was Kate,” he tells her, rubbing his eyes. Pepper hands him his coffee. “She asked if I could send a car over to Tony’s at seven. Apparently he didn’t sleep at all last night, and Kate doesn’t want him driving to the Hill in that state. I agree.” He pauses to send a message on his phone. “Dugan is going to stay with Tony the whole day.”
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
Finally, she hears muffled footsteps from inside the apartment. The door swings open and there stands Senator Clint Barton of New York, looking like a big, drunk baby in nothing but his socks, his underwear, and a shirt. He also looks like he hasn’t groomed himself in over a week. All in all, he looks terrible, more like a homeless person than a member of the United States Senate.
“Nick,” Natasha greets him. She proceeds to take the empty seat in front of Nick Fury, takes off her sunglasses and puts it on the table. Her eyebrow is raised and there is an amused look playing on her face.
“Well then,” Thor offers Jane his arm and she takes it. “Let’s try to lift their spirits up. It’s not all bad news, as you said.”
It’s not uncharacteristic of Tony to wreak havoc in the Capitol without any sleep, but it has never been his style to come in to battle unprepared and completely zoned out, especially for something as important as a (potentially hostile) one-on-one with the President. Sure, he has Natasha’s strategy etched into his brain and ready to be executed with the necessary precision that only Tony can deliver, but the big question remains: is his heart in it?
attractive like this, Steve can’t help but notice. But he dismisses that thought as quickly as it had come to him.
“I’m sorry about the mess,” he mutters as he tries to clear the coffee table of trash by tossing them on the floor.
Tony makes a round of the rooms, doing his job as host to greet people along the way. He finally spots his assistant in the library, leaning against the glass door leading to the garden, talking to some of the staffers from Thor’s office. Kate notices him as soon as he steps in the room and excuses herself from the conversation.
He takes a deep breath and exhales. “Look, even if you were right and she does have feelings for me, she doesn’t want to act on it.” He shrugs, trying to look nonchalant about the whole thing. “She doesn’t want to be with me.”
“On a scale of Natasha’s heart to Kate’s Star Wars collection, what’s your temperature on the idea of having Thanksgiving dinner at the White House?”
Steve tries to mask his trepidation as he looks at the only living person in the world who can understand what it’s like to lose someone like Peggy Carter. “Yes, Sharon. Please take a seat and close the door behind you.”
“That’s because we let Clint and the rest of the Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee handle it,” Tony says indifferently. “The Republicans wanted Loki, naturally. Our pick, Jennifer Walters, was too liberal for them, to no one’s surprise. The committee settled on Hogarth—unpredictable at times, but moderate enough for both sides. So ‘want’ would be too strong a word. We’re just…able to live with it.”
Steve wants to hear just about anything so that his administration can be freed from this juvenile war and move on to other pressing issues. “What is it?”
“Aw, you know me, Romanoff. I often reach out to others. Asking for help in times of need is part of the human experience.”
“They’re not going to know because we’re not going to tell them,” he says softly standing up. “And the President is not going to tell anyone either.”
Tony shakes his hands over the sink to expel the excess water, and dries them using the towel hanging on the handle of one of the drawers. “JARVIS?”
Kate sighs, as if to give up. “I just—come back to us, alright? I know there is no other woman like Natasha out there but maybe you’ll find another great person to get to know and fall in love with. We need you—all of you, not some walking body that looks like you—back in action.”
Kate puts on her serious voice. “The sun’s coming up. Shower then coffee, Tony. Lots of it. You’ve got a meeting with the team at seven-thirty. I’ll have a car pick you up at seven—I won’t allow you to drive without sleep.”
Steve can’t help but agree with that. “Thank you for taking my call, Congressman Barnes. I look forward to working with you in the future.”
“I appreciate you coming today. Please, have a seat,” he says, directing Tony to couches. “Do you want anything to drink?”
Tony flops on the couch, stretches, and crosses his legs on the coffee table. “Sent by a former professor in MIT who is part of the first working group.”
Tony gives him a sad smile. “When Scott died, he named me Cassie’s legal guardian. I adored her as a baby but I wasn’t…I didn’t know if I could raise her on my own. I was regularly going back and forth from Sacramento to DC, and despite having two houses in California and one house in the capital, I was essentially a nomad. But I had to do it for Scott. So, I asked to be transferred to DC, they gave me a job with communications as the liaison to the California office. In hindsight, I should've known there wouldn't be permanency in Cassie's life geography-wise. They asked me to be ED and then Chair of the California office later on, so I had to move us back to Sacramento. Then I was asked to run for Congress and won, so we had to transfer back to DC.” He pauses for a bit. Then softly, “I quit drinking for her, you know? Finally got the balls to do it after the lawyer came and said that I would be taking care of her. It was hell moving around and making sure she had as close a normal childhood as I could give her, but I haven’t had a drop of alcohol since I held her in my arms as her legal guardian. If raising a child won't get me to drink, nothing can.”
“Tony, I know you have a close relationship with Rogers,” Natasha starts. “But we do what we have to do. At some point he’s going to find out what we’ve been up to, whether it be from his side of the aisle or ours. You’re going to have to figure out which one is the path of least resistance.”
At that moment, Jane’s fingers start to fidget, prompting Thor to get up on his feet. “Jane? My love, can you hear me?” Her eyes open slowly. “Jane?” Thor calls out softly. He turns to Frigga. “Mother, can you call the doctor please?”
party, which belongs to the people of the United States of America—not your egotistical, greedy ass. You
Pepper doesn’t think twice about it—nobody does when Natasha Romanoff asks for you—not because she’s scared of the DNC National Chair (mostly), but because Natasha is one of her few good friends and they’re well overdue for an honest to goodness talk about matters outside of politics.
“Do you honestly think I’d let the President of the United States of America make my lunch for me? I’m not going to be that guy, Steve. Please step away from the fridge.”
“I don't recall you ever contacting me in the middle of the night since, well, ever,” she points out.
“And at this point, they hadn’t asked Parker to sign the contract or a non-disclosure agreement prior to revealing that they had vibranium,” Foggy goes on to say.
“Nothing,” he says as he takes his seat behind the desk and sighs. “They wouldn’t tell me anything, which I expected, to be honest.”
She was preparing Thanksgiving dinner with his mother, bright and laughing at the stories Frigga was telling her. He, on the other hand, was rearranging the living and dining rooms with his cousins in such a way that their already spacious common rooms could accommodate their extremely big extended family, which was due to arrive sometime later in the evening. The atmosphere in the house was much, much calmer than earlier that day.
“Wait, hold on a second. Does anyone not see what the Republicans are trying to do here?” Tony asks the room after a beat.
The man gives his partner a terse nod, and she lifts his wrist to her lips. “We have Black Widow and Hawkeye.” She extends her arm towards the warehouse. “If you’ll follow me, please.”
Tony thinks on it for a minute, looking back on that morning that he had met up with Rhodey and Carol to have breakfast, and of course, to gather some intel. He replays their conversation a few times in his head, from the moment he mentions Pierce to the moment Carol slides the napkin with Parker’s name on it. And then it dawns on him.
“Are you going to tell her about what you found out from your meetings with Foggy and Clint this morning?” she asks testily.
Steve sighs wearily. “Yeah, I just…I can’t remember the last time I had more than four hours of sleep.”
“Assemble the team, Kate,” he orders her excitedly. “Call in the cavalry. Release the Kraken. Winter is coming.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” she says, and leaves Steve alone in the empty, echoing Oval Office. He takes a deep breath and shudders. That brief moment of light brought in by Sharon is gone. Sometimes the room can be too imposing, too impossible, to handle on his own, and the dark settles back in. Steve sighs.
“Would you mind raising the partition, Dum Dum?” Rumiko asks, in which the chauffeur-cum-bodyguard happily acquiesces. She then turns to Tony, her eyebrows raised. “Really, Tony? Security reasons? And what does Natasha have to do with anything? I thought this arrangement was for PR purposes.”
"All we need now is a little AC/DC. They go hand in hand," Tony says as he kicks out the stool beside Clint, sitting himself on it.
“I do trust you, Tony, but I don’t know what to make of what you’re asking me to do. I don’t know if selling out my party-mates is the right thing to do here.” Steve is conflicted, torn between options.
It’s been a while. “She can speak to my Chief of Staff, but we’re taking the wheel on this one. There’s no point in arguing because we’re not changing our minds.”
Without a moment to lose, Natasha goes for the jugular. “You know the problem’s on your side of the aisle, Nick.”
“Jane Foster, a PhD student from the Astrophysics department. Three years ago, Asgard Realty bought an expanse of land in Brooklyn, a part of which had a homeless shelter on top of it. That shelter housed and fed more than five hundred homeless people daily. When the deal closed, so did the shelter. There was no effort from your company to relocate the shelter or to find an alternative so the organization that ran the shelter could continue to serve all those people.” Her words were sharp, and were said without any hesitation or fear whatsoever. They were directed straight at Odin whose brows were furrowed, a look Thor knew very well: displeased at being confronted.
“My friends,” he begins. “I am certain that you are all dismayed at the results of tonight’s election. Unfortunately, this is the game we have all chosen play, and in this game there will always be a winner and a loser. It is regrettable that we are on the losing end of the stick, but on the bright side, we lost to a formidable and deserving foe.” He pauses, waits for his words to register on their gloomy faces. Many of them nod in acceptance.
“Yeah,” Steve says, and Tony can feel him smiling at the other end of the line. “I’d like to change that too.”
have the full picture yet. I didn’t want to give you unconfirmed intel and I needed more time to figure out what was going on. I’m not purposely keeping anything from you to blindside you or attack you. Please, Steve.”
“Right,” Kate replies with a laugh. “Nah. My father has too much pride to do that. And after all these years, I think he has accepted the fact that I can never be the woman he wants me to be. He has my older sister for that, anyway.”
Tony slaps butter onto the bread. “You know I come from an engineering background, right?” Steve nods. “I never really gave that up, so I still tinker and make a few things here and there in my workshop at home. When I first started working for the DNC, there were times when I got so caught up with engineering work that I’d forget to eat or sleep. Can’t do that anymore, though, being Speaker of the House takes up all of my time. Anyway, for some reason people started assuming that I didn’t eat because I didn’t know how to prepare food for myself.”
“I would honestly love to, Tony,” Steve says. “But I don’t think the Secret Service would be thrilled with the idea of me spending an evening outside of the residence.” Then he brightens up, as if he’d just had a eureka moment. “Why don’t you and Cassie spend Thanksgiving in the White House?”
Steve chuckles. “Are we back to ‘sir’ again? Come on, Tony. I didn’t ask you to come here so I could yell at you. I just want to talk.” He sits in front of Tony, his fingers twitching and his posture a little tense.
Tony stifles a laugh. “Don’t worry, everyone reacts the same way when they first meet him. Steve, meet JARVIS, my AI. He runs the house, and my whole life basically. JARVIS, say hi.”
That thought shocks him into paralysis for a second. His attraction to Tony is something that he has already come to terms with, but for this attraction to be something more? That’s not something he can just sweep under the rug, not when they’ve been working so closely together, and most definitely not when he’s just starting to get to know the most important person in Tony’s life. But having been allowed to see who Tony truly is behind the curtain, and now being given the privilege to watch him love freely and be affectionate towards his goddaughter makes Steve all the more drawn to this man in front of him—makes Steve want to be an intimate part of his life even more.
It’s been total chaos in the Lewis household. It reminds Clint of his own family, but their chaos was more of the violent, slightly criminal kind. He had a tough environment growing up—his parents were in and out of jail constantly, and his brother Barney had a lot of enemies. When he was old enough to understand what was happening around him, he knew that there was something more than the life that he was born into, and started to distance himself from his family’s shenanigans.
Steve can’t help but notice how Tony’s tone darkened at that last statement. He decides to leave what he thinks to be a sensitive topic alone for now. He waves his hand as if to wave off the bad juju. “None of those matter. What matters is the difference you’re trying to make now. You’re doing a hell of a job as Speaker of the House.”
“Thank you for that. It’s going to be a nightmare tomorrow. Fury’s face is one that I will most definitely not want to see,” Steve jokes.
Ten minutes later, they’re in the kitchen and Thor is making them coffee and some light snacks. He’s in his boxers and a loosely tied bathrobe, cheerfully humming while milling about in the kitchen. On the other hand, Jane is in one of her oversized Culver University shirts, making her annoyance about her bedroom activities being cut short absolutely clear. Darcy, fully dressed and decent, isn’t fazed at all by the couple, as if she’s walked in on them like this many times before. Which she actually has.
"I'm sorry, sir, but despite your best efforts, you have yet to make me fluent in morning gibberish."
When he and Rumiko are back in their seats, he slowly leans towards Tony, placing his hand gently on his lover’s back, and whispers, “Will you stay the night?”
It’s seven minutes past three in the afternoon, and Steve’s stomach is grumbling. He hadn’t even noticed that they had been working for more than four hours without food. For someone with his metabolism, that just simply won’t do, and he’s sure Tony’s starving as well.
I KNOW, I KNOW. It's been nine months. I apologize profusely. I graduated from uni last March, got a job last April, and have been working on a book (along with other projects) since then. I've only begun to find my rhythm, which was why I was able to write this chapter.
“And now we’re here,” Steve says finally, a little exhausted. “I haven’t slept, I’m all over the place, and the sitting room has paint everywhere.”
“As long as she’s not in our party,” Wade says with a chuckle. “Anyway, I’ll see you on the floor later.”
Steve smiles, satisfied with himself. “When I was a kid I was very sickly, and whenever I’d get a fever this is what my mom would do.”
Waiting for any updates from the doctors was hell for Thor. He was always an optimistic and jolly person growing up, something that carried over even into the charged and stressful halls of the United States Senate, but he never did heartache and the agony of seeing his loved ones in pain particularly well. He barely kept his sanity intact when his father was sick. What more if Jane…?
It's easy enough to hate those from across the aisle, but no one ever told them that it was bad news to fall in love with the enemy.
“Why would you do that when you convinced him to give me the job in the first place? I’m on your front porch, and I’ve been ringing your doorbell for the last five minutes. Let me in.”
Steve laughs. “I’m not sure about the legalities of gambling inside the White House, but I guess we can let this one go for now.”
Tony looks at her wistfully, but wipes off that expression the moment it lands on his face. “I wish we had more time for sentimentality, but it’s not exactly a long drive to the White House,” he says, breaking the softness in the air. He hands her a small plastic container. “I need you to put this in your ear.”
For a moment, Clint considers arguing back—that cupcakes had nothing to do with his fucking job and that Tony should do something about his non-sequitors but—
“Oh and Kate?” he stops her before she heads out of his office. “We’re running a tight ship for now. I need a better visualization of the big picture before I present this to the rest of the team.”
Tony can’t help but smile at her concern. “We're still figuring all of this out, but...yes, Cass, I am happy,” he tells her honestly.
The usual suspects are once again in Tony’s house for a strategy session, the third time since the shutdown ended. They haven’t made any progress with figuring out what Loki is up to since their first gathering, so the frequent meetings are more of finding a reason to hang out and raid Tony’s liquor cabinet than anything else.
Steve is even more confused. “So, you're not at all...bothered by the fact that I'm dating someone?”
“Are you sure you don’t need any help, Mrs. Lewis?” Clint asks her. It’s just him and Anne this afternoon, as Henry, Darcy, and Kate had gone into town an hour earlier to run some errands.
They fall back into silence again. When Kate starts a different conversation, it's shop talk, and it’s more about her apprehensions. “Do you think Tony is doing the right thing?” she asks softly, tentatively.
Coulson buttons his suit jacket and tilts his head at her. “Good to see you, Romanoff. You too, Barton.”
Tony groans in reply and rolls over, throwing the closest pillow into the direction of JARVIS. As per usual, that translates into Tony throwing the pillow in whichever direction he wants, while half his mind starts conceptualizing a side project to create a holograph of JARVIS, just so he can actually throw his pillow at someone. Ish. Throw his pillow at someone-ish and god, it is too early to think about this. Too early to think about anything at all. Of course, JARVIS begs to differ.
He does, however, have one more job to see through before he allows himself to close his eyes. He’s saved the best for last, since it is perhaps the most important and most difficult of all the things on his to-do list for the day. He props himself up in a seated position and musters all the energy and courage he has left for this final task.
Steve rubs the back of his neck, unsure how to proceed. “I suppose there’s no better way than going straight to the point.”
“Of course, I’m technically a Stark. I can handle anything,” Cassie says, the Stark arrogance dripping with every word. “You went to Georgetown, right?”
“Remember that high-profile sexual assault case in Empire State University a couple of years back? She ruled against the defendant, but an appellate court threw that out the window, proving once again that our justice system favors rich white boys.”
“I have no problem with that. Besides, photographers will be watching the colonnade, so it will be good publicity,” Tony tells him casually.
He looks at her with a tired expression, unhappy to be putting her in this position. “Yes, but I’m going to have to apologize in advance, Ru. I haven’t given you enough time to process all of this, and yet here I am asking you to do something that’s not inconsequential.”
“Stop apologizing,” Tony reassures him with a smile. “I’m going to ask you to let go now,” he continues slowly. “Cassie might be back any second and I want to be able to explain this to her without the shock factor of seeing us making out.”
Natasha picks up a cup of tea on the coffee table, no doubt prepared by their host when they were enroute. “Clint and I met with Fury and the Vice President.”
Rumiko takes the small device and places it on the same location in her ear as Tony showed her. “You always have the most amazing toys,” she teases.
“I know that, Clint,” Tony snaps back, a little irritated. “But I’m not going to use him as a shortcut to getting what we want. It has taken me a very long time to build rapport with the White House and I’m not about to throw that all away just because I couldn’t get a meeting with an old friend.”
"I was just telling my sweetie pie over here to avoid mentioning Natasha to Clint during the immediate future. Amongst other things."
Clint pats his shoulder. “Will do, Tones. You take care of yourself, alright? And don’t let JARVIS have all the fun.”
Pep. He built top-of-the-line phones for me and my top guys. SHIELD Security wouldn’t be where it is today if it weren’t for him. I owe Tony a lot.” He puts bread in the toaster and hands Pepper the butter from the fridge, a knife, and a grapefruit on a small plate. “Besides, he’s third in line for the White House. He needs more than Kate as his security detail.”
“Maybe we should have mandatory psych evaluations for your district. I’m not at all sure that any of your constituents are sane,” she teases.
Bruce has to cough a little before the two remember to shake hands. “Honestly, I’m a bit abashed that I’ve only formally met you now, Mr. Speaker,” Steve expresses with a hint of regret on his face.
He sits alone in the master bedroom of his suite, trying his very best not to cry. The past year and a half is all a haze of long hours and buses and aircraft hangers and blue and red in his mind. He’s never liked the campaign trail, not when Uncle Michael did it during his youth, and most certainly not when he did it when he ran for Senate after his uncle’s death. During his first two terms, he had Peggy to lean on to, to gather strength from, and he survived all the madness because of her. This time around, he’s barely breathing.
Kate laughs, because it really is a crazy party, and their leader is nothing short of brilliantly insane.
,” Steve tells him, ogling Tony from head to toe, running his hands on Tony’s chest. “Very formal and clean and just waiting to be…”
“Far from it. I just want to do right by the American people, as cliché as that may sound. No one is an enemy here.”
That statement piques Steve’s interest. “You never dreamed you’d walk around the White House as President?”
“So these are not normal circumstances then—out of the ordinary,” Steve murmurs while rereading the letter.
When the fun dies down, Pepper gazes at Tony intently and tells him with all seriousness, “I’m sure if he were here today he’d be extremely proud of you, Tony.”
Rumiko stands her ground and looks him dead in the eye, unfazed by his threats. “Bring it on, Stane. I’ll enjoy watching you fail miserably.”
They are quiet for a while. Tony tries to calm himself down with deep and steady breathing, Pepper’s presence helping him regain some much needed equilibrium. This has always been what she is to him—a steady force of strength and guidance—before, during, and after their intense romantic relationship. He had worked extremely hard to keep their friendship intact after their very amicable yet very painful (especially on Tony’s side) breakup, and he’s so grateful that they both stuck it out all these years. She is, at the core of it all, one of his very best friends.
It takes a few moments before Bucky speaks again, and the static silence is heavy between them. “Yes, I see it. I understand now, sir.” Pause. “I apologize for my tone of voice, earlier. I realize it was disrespectful of your office. I let my personal biases get in the way.”
“The both of you,” Tony tells the ladies, hands raised to frame their faces. “Exquisite. What a sight for the sore eyes.”
"You exaggerate. I've only been playing for 25 minutes." It’s an inside joke between them, concerning Darcy having caught him playing during a video conference, in the pretence of consulting an e-mail. To be fair, he should not have enthusiastically murmured, “Caw, caw motherfuckers” loud enough for her to hear.
After dinner, he offers them the nickel tour of the Residence, and both gladly accept. To be fair, Steve doesn’t know much about the history of the Executive Residence—nor the White House for that matter—but he guides them through the Map Room, the China Room, and the Vermeil Room. They’re walking towards the library when suddenly Cassie’s phone rings, the sound echoing throughout the empty hall.
Kate snorts. “He hasn’t talked to me since I packed my bags and took a plane across the country to work for Tony Stark, Clint. What makes you think things will change this time around?”
Dum Dum gives her a toothy smile through the rearview mirror as he drives slowly to exit the St. Regis driveway. “The Chairman contracted out SHIELD personnel for the event tonight due to security reasons, ma’am. I just happen to be assigned to the Speaker.”
Hill is seated, signing papers, and she greets Pepper with an unimpressed expression—eyes on alert, mouth forming a thin line. “Congresswoman Potts. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Shut up,” she teases, hitting his arm playfully. “We’ve done this dinner a hundred times. If you’re worried you’re going to give the President food poisoning, you’re not.”
America rolls her eyes. “God, you’re being sucked deeper into the Stark machine. Is that why you decided to date Darcy instead of me?”
She rolls her eyes. “What I was about to say before I was rudely interrupted was that I don’t think we were brought there so Fury and Coulson could scold us about not sharing our toys with the other kids in the playground.”
I hope you guys enjoy this chapter, and remember to keep that feedback coming along! It's what keeps us going. :)
“I really, really want to do this,” Steve reassures him, his eyes kind yet fiery. “I just…It’s been a very long time for me, Tony. I’m not sure I still know how.”
Pepper arrives at the café promptly, as everyone else is wont to do when meeting Natasha. The staff greets her with great familiarity—female Democrats are frequent customers of this particular restaurant, so it’s not really surprising. She’s lead to their usual table in the patio, sits down, orders her usual, and waits patiently for her party’s fearless National Chair.
Tony welcomes Clint by preparing him scotch on the rocks. The glasses tinkle and the sound of alcohol being poured out relaxes him, easing most of the tension from his shoulders. He sits on the bar stool, arms resting on the smooth counter top. Tony, Clint notes, sips at his Pellegrino. Clint figures it would be cruel to jostle his friend, especially when he’s been thirteen years sober.
Just a quick note: there are a few West Wing references in this chapter, so if you recognize something, then it's most probably not ours.
It’s Tony’s unfinished project, sitting almost inconspicuously on the main workbench. Steve is drawn to it immediately, and walks closer to take a better look at the device that somehow feels oddly familiar to him, like he’d seen it somewhere before.
Steve turns to him and sees a wistful expression on Tony’s face. He’s bewildered at this side of Tony, one that he never knew existed. Hell, he hadn’t even known that Tony had a goddaughter until today. “She grew up here?”
they’re talking about, after all—Natasha Romanoff, the big and badass boss of the DNC, respected and feared in both sides of the aisle; Natasha Romanoff, the woman with the gaze of death, seemingly emotionless, cold-blooded and heartless. In all her years working for Tony, Kate had never even observed so much as an inkling of a weakness from Natasha. Now, looking at Clint, she’s more or less figured out how Natasha can remain so thick-skinned: by eliminating all possibilities of fragility.
Tony stares at Rumiko Fujikawa as she emerges from the St. Regis, the hundreds of thousands of beads of her long-sleeved powder blue sheath
Kate thinks that maybe both their private and public lives need a little bit more of that devil may care attitude right now. It will surely give the Democrats a recurring migraine and the Republicans a run for every last penny to the party’s name.
Jane looks over to Pepper. “Darcy may be crazy, but she’s not delusional. And as eccentric as Erik Selvig may be, he doesn’t joke about Loki. They have a history.”
“Are you kidding? Forget the state of the nation! How have I not known you two were dating? How have I not known you two made a sex video?” Tony looks scandalized, but only because he has not been informed of this.
Kate falters for a bit, surprised at Tony’s response. After twelve years of working for Tony Stark, she has learned so much about his history, both public and private. She has discovered his true strengths and weaknesses, and things that he tends to hide from most people, even from those who know him best. Over the years, she has put together many of the pieces of the Tony Stark puzzle, but she’s far from reaching completion. This moment of distress is a new piece, and she can’t figure out its place in the big picture just yet.
Tony is loneliest at night, but he goes on as if he doesn’t feel like everyone is well and truly happy, and leaving him behind.
Tony’s eyes widen in slight fear. “Shit.” It’s never good to keep Natasha Romanoff waiting, no matter what the excuse. “I’m blaming this on you,” he tells Kate as she rolls her eyes and saunters off into the crowd. He pinches the bridge of his nose as he greets the DNC National Chairman a little too enthusiastically. “Natasha!”
Tony sighs, trying to put his words together. “I don’t appreciate being strong-armed and manipulated like that. I know I have a reputation of doing the very same in the Capitol, but I have never done that to you, and I would never.” He sighs, visibly tired of the mess they’re in. “Can we just…agree to trust each other from now on?”
And in that moment, Tony snaps and loses any pretense in keeping calm. “Do you think this is a joke to me, Steve? Do you think I’m doing all of this just to spite you and the GOP? That I’m playing a game and using you to some selfish end?” He smiles, all fake and, if you look closely, a little pained. “I didn’t know you thought so little of me.”
Steve watches as Tony spreads butter onto the pan and grills their sandwiches. He really is an enigma to him. Not just because of his colorful personal history—from being an alcoholic almost all of his young life to being sober for thirteen years, from engineering to politics, from being the heir to throne of Stark Industries to being Speaker of the House—but mostly because Steve has never met anyone so
“Well then,” Thor says suddenly after a long stretch of silence. “Clearly there is much work to be done. I suggest we use the Thanksgiving festivities to reflect on what’s ahead, and then reconvene after holidays.” He looks to Natasha for approval.
Tony looks down at the book he took out of the shelf—it’s a hardcover of One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez, incidentally one of his favorites. “That was the year I became the majority leader. Cassie has never come out for public appearances with me—I’ve never asked her to, and I’d like to keep it that way—but that was one time, aside from my election to become the Speaker of the House, that she wanted to be in the Capitol to see it in person. She stood in the sidelines but the camera panned to her face for a split second. Her mother saw a news report that featured that video and I guess just had a gut instinct that Cassie was her daughter.”
He heads to the kitchen and indeed finds Pepper there, her back facing him, rinsing dirty plates and stacking them inside the dishwasher. He leans on the doorway and smiles to himself. For a moment he thinks they’ve gone back a year and a half in time, when he and Pepper were still happy, together in their own version of domesticity. Not that he wants to get back together, because if he were to be honest with himself, he really doesn’t. But sometimes, just sometimes, being Tony Stark is a little too lonely for his taste.
Tony stands in front of her, carrying a plate on each hand as she serves the pasta. He lays both down on the table and they sit for dinner.
“But clearly not carefully thought out. They’re forgetting the one important thing that’s dangling in front of their faces, and we've been saying it over and over again: it’s a Democratic House. We get to write the budget no matter what fucked up amendments they throw at us,” Tony tells them, straightforward with no bullshit attached.
Darcy pauses, face serious, then she smiles. “What’s there to think about? I’ll move in on the weekend. Besides, think of all the sex we can have.”
Kate and Darcy try to muffle their laugh. Clint is confused, while Henry is entirely serious. “What shall we do with it then?”
Tony looks at Steve’s outstretched hand for a moment, hesitant. He takes a deep breath and accepts, looking right at the President. Steve feels relieved, grateful, and glad all at once. But above all, it feels right.
“For starters, how about you do what’s right?” Jane retaliated. “That homeless shelter couldn’t find another warehouse to lease despite looking everywhere because since the owner of the warehouse you bought was leasing his property to the homeless shelter for a pittance, anywhere else was too expensive. Asgard Realty did
“Not really. I just make them for my team. It gives us more security— encrypted e-mails, instant messaging, that sort of thing.” Tony takes the phone and hands him a bigger variety. “Here’s the tablet version.”
The Secret Service agents form a wide circle around the four of them, ensuring the Vice President’s security and giving them ample space to talk with some privacy.
“I overheard Senator Logan’s assistant in the hall before I left the Capitol, and apparently the White House made a call to Fury about Hill,” Darcy narrates. They all wait expectantly for more, and she shrugs. “That’s all I know.”
He’s looking at the finished painting now, taking a long, hard look at what he had created, and for the life of him could not understand what it was—all whites, blues, grays, depicting a sort of light source emitting a bluish hue—but gazing at it is calming him, evening out his breathing and stilling his mind. For some reason, the painting reminds him so much of home.
” he had spat out, which had angered Thor even more. “And I was dead to him long before God decided to punish his cruelty with cancer.”
Tony is loneliest at night, but he does not admit that out loud. He tells himself that he is alone, but not actually lonely. He tells himself that living the solitary life is the best for him and his work. He tells himself that this is how things should be—that he chose this life, and this life has consequences, that sacrifices have to be made. He tells himself that it’s better this way. He tells himself that it will all be worth it in the end.
Before Tony opens his mouth to call out for his assistant, Kate comes in, Foggy Nelson in tow. “This isn’t fun sometimes, you know. I don’t like it when people come into my office and insist that they’re on the schedule when I know they’re not,” she tells her boss, exasperated.
Richards maintains his quiet, arrogant reserve; Hill is polite but humorless, and Bruce suspects that she’s not entirely happy to be here. It must have been the call he made to Nick Fury the previous day. Maria Hill is not the type of person who is fond of being on a leash. That might be a problem for them in the near future, most especially when the budget war reaches its climax come September, but right now it’s a necessary risk.
“Eighty-seven.” Tony knows she's wearing that shit-eating grin she always has when she bests him in something. “But in all seriousness, Uncle Tones—he likes you. A lot. And that's coming from someone who has seen you through Rumiko, Pepper, and all the other heartaches in between.”
“Just you wait,” Tony chuckled softly, gently pulling his finger free from Steve, who whimpered at the loss.  Tony quickly squeezed a little more lube on his hand and returned to his task, sliding a second digit into Steve.  He gasped at the intrusion, throwing his head back. “Keep breathing, you’re almost ready,” Tony grunted, starting to lose his own control.  It took all of his strength not to ram himself into Steve immediately. Between the seductive sounds escaping Steve’s lips and face of pleasure reflecting in the mirror, Tony’s own cock was straining to be touched. He worked his fingers in and out of Steve a little faster now, reaching down with his free hand to grasp Steve’s cock, pumping it in time with his fingers.
"I…" For once, Tony was at a loss for words. He'd been so caught up in tormenting Cap that he hadn't even considered how ridiculous this mission sounded. "Fury played us," he groaned, dropping his head into his hands.
“We were settling an argument, but now we’re heading off to Alaska or whatever to jerk off some polar bears.” Tony drawled.
“Whoa, careful or you’re gonna break my finger,” Tony said with a laugh. As he continued his exploration of Steve’s ass, he used his free hand to rub some of the tension out of Steve’s shoulders. “Breathe, relax your muscles. It’s just you and me in here, it’s safe to let go.”  As Tony whispered softly, Steve felt some of his tension sliding away. He relaxed shoulders and leaned forward, putting some of his weight on the sink. “Good, you’re doing great. Keep breathing, big guy,” Tony continued, sliding his finger deeper inside Steve. Steve groaned loudly, and pressed back slightly, desperate for more of whatever Tony was doing to his body.  Tony worked his finger in and out of Steve while continuing to massage his back and whispering encouragement. He could practically feel Steve melt under his touch and his own cock twitched, desperate to be touched.
“What’s up, Banner?” Tony asked, looking for another one of Clint’s hidden snacks.  Nothing made him hungrier than illicit bathroom sex.
“Don’t you dare,” Tony growled.  “We are not finished yet.” His third finger slid in easily and Tony grinned.  He could work with this. He pumped his fingers in and out of Steve a few more times before pulling them out.  He grabbed the lube again and squeezed some onto his hands, quickly rubbing them down the length of his cock. He lined himself up with Steve’s asshole, keeping one hand on the small of his back. “Are you ready for me?” He purred, rubbing his tip along Steve’s opening.
Tony pressed forward, and whispered, “Don’t forget to breathe,” before pushing the head of his cock past the tight ring.  Steve cried out, Tony’s cock stretching him even further than his fingers had. Tony stilled, giving Steve a moment to adjust.  He ran his hands along Steve’s back and kneaded his flesh, waiting patiently.
Steve moaned a little louder with each thrust, never taking his eyes off of Tony’s in the mirror.  He gripped the sink tighter, using it to push himself back and meet Tony’s thrusts. Tony groaned loudly. “Stroke yourself,” he growled, tightening his grip on Steve’s hips.  He would have to remember to thank whoever designed these bathrooms for the long mirrors. Even with the sink, he was able to Steve’s hand wrap around his thick cock, pumping furiously in time with Tony’s thrusts.  “Yesss” Tony hissed, thrusting harder. “I’m almost there.” Steve grunted in agreement, his free hand still gripping the sink in front of them. His heavy lidded eyes closed as he threw his head back in pleasure.
Tony slapped his ass sharply one more time and Steve cried out, cum spurting out of his cock and all over the mirror.  Tony pulled out quickly, his own seed spilling across Steve’s reddened asscheeks. “That was a close one,” Tony laughed.  “If I’d stayed in there you probably would have snapped my dick off.”
Tony grinned.  Who would have thought that Captain fucking America needed to be dominated a little bit? He raised his hand and brought it down on Steve’s ass hard, groaning with Steve.  “Again,” Steve moaned. “Jesus, I’m so close.”
“Hey, I’ve been trying to get in touch with you guys for like 30 minutes! What the hell are you doing?”
"I thought you were supposed to be smart," Banner guffawed. "You were really going to go try to jerk off a polar bear? What were you going to do for the female samples?" Banner howled. "I would have paid good money to see that. Oh man, wait until I tell Thor-"
Tony gave Steve’s ass a sharp slap and his eyes flew open. “I said eyes on me,” Tony grunted, almost losing his control at the feeling of Steve’s ass tightening in response to the slap.
