a hopeless romantic. I guess he likes that about me.
I asked him after we sat in silence for a while following the last letter.
He’s been keeping everything to himself since I awoke, and it’s tearing him to pieces. I’m tired of hiding from him. Tired of
It’s been two days.
the face, that one
“A case?”
“You let him get away.”
“You’re a fake,” he replies venomously.
him to look. I want to respond, to beg, to plead.
“Precisely. I’ve done what I can, but you know I so rarely am involved in
“John! Guid tae see ye!”
“I--you--,” John started, irritation mounting. Sherlock’s eyes widened, the edge of hurt creeping into his expression.
* * *
“I don’t even feel guilty about what I did tonight,” he says, voice distant.
. He knows, he’s always known, and now he’s using John again to try to get me.
Behind me, Mycroft clears his throat and asks, irritated, “Are you two finished yet?”
His tired eyes remain flat but his mouth fakes a quick smile. “Slowly, I’m sure. By the time I make it up there the tea ought to be ready.”
The reply is nearly instantaneous; John’s clearly disconnecting from Sherlock’s intensity by checking emails and reading the news on his mobile. I can hardly blame him. Sherlock’s black moods are all encompassing and rarely leave those around him unscathed, regardless of their involvement with him.
“You can’t take him away from Sherlock,” I reply before taking another burning drag on my cigarette.
He chuckles silently at that, shoulders twitching. “He’d just love for everyone to think that about him,” John replies with a hint of resigned yet fond annoyance. “If you can get me something to take, I’ll take it if I can stay here with him. I want to be with him when he wakes,” he adds with a flick of his eyes back to the empty corner of the room. Sadness crosses his face, barely noticeable, before it settles into something much more resolute. Determined.
After a few more breaths, he pulls me upright, bringing our chests flush. I can feel his heart pounding behind his ribs, a steady thumping that mimics my own. It’s grounding in a way, reminding me that we are both human, both alive and wrapped around each other. This isn’t another exercise in my Mind Palace. This is
At Baker street, I often found myself in his room while he slept, watching him. John has always been fascinating to me, and on the nights he seemed most restless or agitated prior to bed (typically due to some irritation with me) he undoubtedly experienced an increase in nightmares. For a short time I collected data on the occurrences to confirm my hypothesis; I was correct,
, and this was yet another example of his ill intent. He’d call his mother later and complain.
Sherlock wave his hand dismissively and continues plotting our evening while I shrug at Greg. “It’s probably mostly adverts and other junk, to be honest. We’ll…,” I glance at Sherlock, who glares my direction. “
“And you’ll need to relax,” I murmur, looking down at his hair.
Deigning to save John from Sherlock’s continued insensitivity with the mania of a case, I comment, “He was receiving aid from Charles, who was an employee of mine until recently, unfortunately. Charles alerted Moran that you were indeed alive and returning to London once it was clear John...needed help.” At the mention of his name, John’s eyes pop open to stare at me, pupils dilated and eyes glazed over with barely contained fear. He’ll be lucky if he makes it out of this car without having a full blown flashback or panic attack. While I’m aware that he’s no stranger to post-traumatic stress disorder and its effects, I can’t imagine he welcomes the symptoms. It’s
, all those telltale signs of arousal.
,” a familiar voice tickled the shell of his ear.
I hold his gaze for a moment, feeling the weight of the still unsaid words between us, and force a small smile before turning towards the kitchen to make tea. As I walk between the back of my chair and the kitchen table, I’m shocked to see piles of mail covering it.
The whisper curled around John’s ear, tendrils tickling him as he startled and looked for the source. Seeing none, he nodded at his newly refreshed beer and tapped his fingers on the counter.
“Mrow!!”
? You did just almost die, Sherlock. Aren’t you in pain?” The doctor in me reprimands, incredulous.
As I approach the door, Lestrade comes into view, his hand clutching his torso tightly as if attempting to hold his chest together. He tests out a deep breath and winces, confirming his internal hypothesis of at least 2 broken ribs. He sees John and I and raises his free hand, trying to stop us. “Wait, I need statements…,” he says with considerable effort. His voice is hoarse, and the beginning bloom of broken blood vessels peppers his throat in the pattern of fingertips.
what it is,” he croons.
familiar slithered into his ear, overtaking his thoughts. “She is
I love
My lips twitch into a small smile while my eyelids finally relent, rising slowly in the too-bright room. I blink a few times, clearing the haze surrounding the figure in front of me.
“Awrite?” he asked gruffly.
mornings when he opened his eyes and saw rolling hills and the slow drift of cattle across a field.
be. He was just standing here, mere moments ago. I could hear him breathing, I could feel his warmth next to me. His laughter was rumbling the wall, making my back tingle with our closeness.
I love him for what he’s done
Depression
they aren’t kind. I know what kind of rage John is capable of, what he works hard at (barely) suppressing on a regular basis. He’s an angry, tightly wound man with specific ideals and morals, and disloyalty is particular abhorrent to him.
Cracking open a beer and his physio text, he settled at his desk and let the breeze ruffle his hair while he studied for his test. It didn’t take long for his thoughts to drift to his conversation with Sherlock, which served to brighten his mood and tighten his pants. When it was too difficult to concentrate, he set the book aside, chugged the last of his beer, and got into bed.
Nightmares
, and was panting by the time we made it to the car. As we drove, his eyes slid shut and his head fell back on the seat. I know he should have stayed longer at the hospital, but I also know neither of us would have tolerated it for very long. My words to Mycroft were a half-truth, ignoring the fact that I was already crawling out of my skin in there.
“Hm.”
“Of course it was extraordinary John, we were both involved. Anything we do together is bound to be
he’s trying to kill me by killing John and I can’t let him, I just can’t--
It’s impossible to hold back a snort of laughter. “What for? This is much more efficient.”
John wasn’t going to get on the bus, he wasn’t.
He waits a moment, then slaps his hands down on the arms of his chair and pushes himself to stand. “
Huffing out a chuckle to myself, I look at my feet while stubbing out my own completed cigarette. “How’s the arm?” I ask with a smirk. He shifts from one foot to the next before setting the corners of his mouth in an annoyed grimace. “
escapes my lips as the water pelts my wounded thigh.
“Detective Inspector Lestrade’s team tracked Moran’s path from the warehouse for quite a while until it’s clear he got into a car. He obviously had help, as the injuries from Doctor Watson’s
to be in the woods, not after the last time.
Stop conjuring up images of him like that. I know he’s been hurt, that he’s felt broken and at times shattered by what happened, but that doesn’t mean that Moran is right.
“Mycroft,” John commented quietly, reaching down to run his fingertips in the cat’s long, soft fur. The cat chirped his response, the sound mismatched to his size, and ran off towards their cabin, hoping for a second morning meal.
We’re both staring at the doorway for a moment, and then we both shift to look at the table. It’s a right mess: papers scattered everywhere, envelopes in piles, adverts and newsprint in haphazard piles. Sherlock wordlessly gapes, then quirks an eyebrow at me, so I get out of my chair and cross the distance slowly, as if expecting the papers to jump up and bite me. Underneath the last pile I added, the corner of a envelope pokes out, my name and the address to my old flat scrawled across it. I shift the paper obscuring it, and...
“Happy to.”
; the life that consumed me and ruined me and gave me a purpose. The life that made all other versions of life inadequate and stale.
Snarling at him, I argue, “I’m not being a child. I was
Reaching for his doorknob, John paused and stared down at his left hand. It was floating in front of his door, though the handle was on the opposite side. Blinking, he frowned and looked down at his shoes, then brought his hand over to open the door. It clicked and swung into the cabin, a long
For a few seconds I imagine what it might feel like without such thick material separating us--milky white skin, stretched taut over those steely bones. The concave hollows directly above his hips, dewy soft and spotted with the occasional dark blot of freckle, a constellation decorating the flat expanse of his abdomen.
His face impassive, as usual, as he explains,
) my thoughts with irritating accuracy.
has some hilariously
. The things I’ve written in these letters, they’re downright horrible and I don’t want you to have to read them. It’s over now, anyway. It doesn’t matter. Let me just--,” he insists, frowning at me with shame and reaching for them.
“Hey,” John says, concern knitting his eyebrows together as he peers at me. “You look like you’re trapped up there. What are you thinking about?”
The dark trees towered over him, their craggy branches spreading like veins along the silvery skin of the late winter sky. His breath fogged in front of his face, trailing along his cheeks as he kept delving deeper and deeper into the wood. Dragging his hunting knife against a nearby tree trunk, he scored the bark, just as he had done every ten feet since entering the forest. The wind whistled above him, pulling the trees against each other so their branches scraped and scratched. John’s stomach gurgled, a reminder of his hasty and unfulfilling breakfast that morning, but he shook his head and ignored it. He had more important things to focus on.
. They sounded heavy. John winced.
Beta_Jawn and SmearedBlackInk--you two have been SO supportive and helpful throughout this story, whether cheerleading me through the really challenging bits or fangirling over the exciting parts. Thank you both for your love. It would have been nearly impossible without you two along the way.
I probed many of the men, hoping to hear what it was that made the woods such a dangerous environment. None were able to say aloud, casting furtive glances at one another and muttering to themselves in a local dialect I couldn’t quite understand. Whatever it is, they were sure to keep it from me. No matter. I will learn of it on my own.
A hand wrapped itself, possessive, around John’s throat. The long-nailed fingers pressed into the thin skin of his neck, tips resting on his pulse point. The scotsman let his eyes slide shut, praying to the God he’d lost faith in that this creature would have mercy on him. That whatever awaited him in the wood would be better than the misery he was attempting to flee.
With a soul-deep sigh, Watson pulled away from me. “
? What does he mean? Why isn’t he helping me? He knows the threat, he understands how dangerous Moran is--why is he just sitting there
,” he heard from the corner of the cave. Sherlock’s rich baritone filled the room, clawing its way into his chest and shaking his core.
Shrugging at his companion, John drained the rest of his beer and caught the barkeep’s attention for another. Brodie huffed to himself and purposely turned towards John, done with the game on the television.
it.” A pointed, pink tongue darted out to wet his bottom lip, drawing it under his sharp canines slowly.
happening. They were going to supper, and then…
Mycroft considers my request and nods. “Room 2.”
I sink to the floor in the hallway, knees suddenly weak and tremulous, and lose myself in a vortex of swirling, terrible emotions.
. I’m sure Mycroft has an eye on him. No need to rush. Striding down the hallway, I take the left turn into the kitchen and--
? I know he’s going to wake up. I’ve been doing nothing but wishing for it to happen for the past few days and now that it’s actually here, I’m afraid of it.
Vague/passive suicidal ideation
?” he demanded, his voice ever higher with hysterics.
"kinn" = know
His friend stopped, body going rigid as he blinked owlishly at John. “Whit dae ye mean?” he asked, voice dropping to a whisper. “Nae a body goes intae th’ wuid.” Bringing a hand to rest on John’s forearm, he leaned forward to peer into the man’s face. “Nae a body.”
Regards,
Turning off the tap, I reach for the kitchen towel to dry off before assessing the state of my burn. Minor--the coffee was barely above drinking temperature. He must have waited until it was just right before deciding to bring it over to me so I could drink it right away. Hm.
My lips curl at the statement, the beginnings of a small laugh of relief shaking my core. “Oh?” I ask, a hint of humor in my tone. I let my hand fall to my side, leaving the piles in their places on the table.
? There was a tug in his chest and his stomach dropped out as he fought to remember what he was missing. Something was wrong, but--
signalled it being sent, and then John dropped it back into its place.
“You’re a student here.” Stupid!
, then, and my heart has begun racing again as I think about writing it.
“Sherlock, I think you’ve said it,” I murmur quietly with a smile, looking down at our clasped hands next to his sheet-covered thigh.
Graphic Blood/violence/injury
,” he holds up his hands, looking at them as if they don’t belong to his body, “and I took an oath to use them to heal, not harm.”
15 August 1879
Grinning against his skin, I reply, “Good,” before settling back down next to him and pulling the duvet and sheets over us. Our breathing relaxes while we lay together, listening as the rain lulls us back into the familiar silence of each others’ company. As my eyelids grow heavy and my vision blurs, exhausted with the events of the day and the stress of external threats, he shifts against me and clears his throat to speak.
version of affection, which often resembles a cat bringing home its most recent kill for its master. To the master, it is off-putting. To the cat, it is the purest symbol of love. Dragging John through the streets of London, sharing secret giggles at a crime-scene, yelling insults at his favorite crap telly programmes, stealing curry from his takeout container after distracting him…
But...the Work. The Work comes first, and he knows it. We both know it, even though neither of us wants to admit it right now. The urge to abandon everything, lock the door, and sweep him up into my arms is overwhelming. Oh, John. There has never been anything on this planet to rival the Work, and yet
As I wandered through his house, confirming my suspicions about his personality, I happened upon a hunting cap that had fallen on the floor and was tucked behind a small wardrobe.
This office is a pigsty--rubbish everywhere, filthy water collecting in puddles wherever the floor is cracked or uneven, rust on most of the metal surfaces. In the corner, there’s a pile of soiled clothing and gauzes, stained brown from dried blood. Moran
was worse.
“He isn’t here,” I retort with a snarl. “It wouldn’t make any sense. Why return to the same location? They have boltholes throughout London and surrounding countryside; no need to use this one. Clearly they duped you, as if anyone is surprised.”
“You’ve killed plenty of people, John, and none of them were worth this existential crisis, especially not these two.”
to be in battle, John?” Moran asks condescendingly. I hear John shift uncomfortably, maintaining his silence. “
that leaving moldy food out on every flat surface in the dorm was an acceptable idea.
John,” I purr, yanking his wrists above his head and capturing his mouth with mine. The kiss is urgent and sloppy, broken by quick gulps of air and muttered curses of passion as our bodies rub against each other, his back arching off the bed to find me. With my free hand I stroke his flank, gripping his hip bone tightly as I rock into him. The contact is enough to make my eyes flutter shut, the beginnings of ecstasy throbbing through me.
very intimate and often counts as a form of foreplay.)
Halting, I glare across the room. “But
One of the few things I took when I moved--a simple, white mug with the Union Jack on the inside. It shouldn't be here. Nothing that I took with me should be here, and yet
John rolls onto his stomach in the circle of my arm and lifts his head to peer at me with an amused expression on his face. “Mrs. Hudson had us pegged on day one, you know.”
Flashbacks
My ears are hot, the blood pounding heavily in them. Around me, the room loses focus as I grip the back of my chair and stare at the ceiling. I can’t look at that face,
He purses his lips, suppressing a scowl at my implied insult. “I can assure you that he is in good care, John.”
“There’s nothing else? You’re sure?” my brother nearly shouts, earning him a warning glare from me. He rolls his eyes in response.
Suddenly his hand is wrapped around mine again, fingers pressing into my palm roughly. “You may not have succeeded, but you certainly tried. John...
entirely. John seemed to think they needed to eat together as their next step. Sherlock didn’t understand how it was such a milestone, as normal people eat every day, but he could feel it in John whenever he mentioned it.
Grieving, angry, devastated and betrayed John sat alone in his awful and boring flat across London, drinking himself to oblivion and writing down every word of hurt and pain that came into his head as a way to
The bathroom light is harsh, reflecting off the bright surfaces of the tiled walls and floor, illuminating my face far beyond a level I’m comfortable with. Bruises mottle my jaundiced skin with purple, blue, and yellow discolorations, telling the story of my recent abuses. A patchy, uneven beard and mustache shade my upper lip and jaw, adding to my disheveled appearance. My clothing, ignored until now, hangs at odd angles from the crust of dirt and blood stiffening the fabric. I look
I can feel the familiar arrogance rolling off him, and
As I enter his room, I am logically aware that the sight I receive won’t be pleasant, yet my mental preparation is nothing compared to the intensity of seeing Sherlock
Perhaps he was.
I growl, cradling his head in my hands and pulling him up to lick into his mouth. He groans, a heady, pained sound as he thrusts harder against me, desperately seeking
“John, no one is hurting you,” Mycroft replies coolly, a million miles away. I hate him, I hate all of them for doing this to me. I hear my own breath, rapid and shallow as it shakes through my nostrils and shudders in my chest. Tears well up in the corners of my eyes before streaming down my cheeks, evidence of my shame.
We will find out what Moran said in the next chapter. I know many of you were dying about that cliffhanger in the last chapter. Having our favorite psychopath return is certainly stressful. As I said, John surprised me and shifted the focus for this chapter so we had to deal with the outcome of that first. I already have a good chunk of the next chapter written, so the next update will be quick. Thanks for your patience!!
As I scribbled, I laughed. It was a sick, crazy laugh, and remembering it now makes my head feel thick and my stomach twist.
I glance his way as he looks towards mine, and we hold each other, unspeaking and untouching, for the space of several breaths. There has never been a human on this planet that I could share such nonverbal understanding with until I met Sherlock.
Gorgeously drawn by Beta_Jawn. <3
(See the end of the chapter for
“...yes?” John asked, frowning. “Yes what?”
, and so I rarely look behind me.
“Hm.” He drops his head down onto my chest, letting it rise and fall with my breath. A few moments pass, the room silent except for the sounds of our breathing and occasional splashes of raindrops against the window. Lifting his head, he clears his throat and continues, “I do love you, you know. I’m...I’m sorry for how hot and cold I’ve been. I’m...trying.”
John rolled over with a groan. There was an ache in his bladder that seemed unhealthy, but he was far too tired to do anything about it just yet. His thoughts drifted lazily between each other, interwoven in ways that only make sense when half awake. The first rays of dawn peeked through the blinds, sending beams of pinkish-gold light streaming down to make patterns on the concrete floor. He sighed loudly, feeling the air drain from his lungs. He heard an answering groan behind him, followed by a sharp jab of an elbow between his shoulder blades. The mattress shifted as his bedmate rolled closer to him, pulling the blankets off John with a slow slide until he was entirely exposed to the cool morning air. Cocooned warmth snuggled into his back, an angular arm snaking its way around his waist and planting its large, bony hand over his heart. Blunt pressure pushed into the back of his neck, and John smiled. Sherlock is cuddliest in the morning, though he’d deny it to anyone who asked.
It fell to the floor, sliding down the wall in a clump. John frowned as he stared at it, and his stomach growled its reminder.
He isn’t even blinking. Still.
The second day they crossed paths, John knew he was blushing, thinking about the previous night, but he still managed a small smile at the gorgeous stranger. The man stared, his head cocked to the side, blinked twice, and looked away. As John passed him, he heard him clear his throat, and he wondered what his voice sounded like.
“John,” he calls after me, worried.
, is what it is. Anger swells in my chest, twisting my guts into knots as I decide I’m not giving in to him. We are having this fight whether he wants to or not.
I think with a deep ache of anxiety in my chest. I don’t want to argue with him right now. The idea of slamming my bedroom door in his face and retreating to the solitude of my bed is the only option that makes sense at the moment. I stand up too quickly and the sudden shift in position causes blood to rush from my head, vision clouding with black spots. Before I know it, I’m swaying dangerously forward. My hand slips and I scrabble to stop the inevitable fall, dropping my cloth with a splat. I land on the floor of the tub with a thump, smacking my shoulder against the faucet hard enough to break the skin.
to invite to your
He’s watching me, eyes half hooded with the effects of his intravenous pain relief, yet still somehow bright and fully aware. Not just watching--
He smiles, looking both teasing and fond. “I missed
Blink, blink. Then, “Good afternoon.”
Moran in front of me, leaning his lanky frame forward, elbows on his knees as he sat in an unstable metal chair, his light blue,
You mean we have to
The key slides slowly into the lock, tumblers clicking until it’s sheathed entirely. I hear Sherlock’s shuffled steps behind me and realize he must have been waiting for me to make my decision. He hadn’t moved from the curb. Maybe it was the tension in the back of my neck resolving, or the release of my clenched fist at my side. Whatever it was, he saw it. He
Licking my lips, I consider his words carefully.
Oscillation. Considering withdrawal of the request.
, to say the least.
of this--the fingers in the crisper, the blood on the floor, the holes in the wall and the 2am violin music caterwauling through the flat. The yelling. The drugs busts. The madman with the patience of a toddler. The genius who sees everything and knows how it fits together. The machine--no, the
We enjoy our tea at the kitchen table. John is much calmer, both legs still beneath him and his hands relaxed on the tabletop. He toys with the string of the tea bag, a contented smile on his face as he watches me drink mine, eyes tracking the mug from the table to my lips. Though we sit in silence, the violin music the only thing between us, the air is vastly different than it was during supper. Something has shifted, though I cannot figure out exactly
. Over, and
. Perfect for biting the flesh of mortals, John reasoned.
and it’s
“Detective Inspector, you’ve seen him yourself over the past week. His mental state is...uncertain. Until we have a solid plan in place for dealing with his unpredictable behavior, it would be best to keep him chemically restrained. For his safety as much as for ours. I’m sure you’ll agree,” Mycroft explains, a pinch of irritation at my defiance coloring his voice.
John's hand left his, reaching into his bag. He pulled out his own keys and flipped them around in his hand, then shoved one into the door. Just as Sherlock was about to ask him what was going on, the lock clicked and John shoved it open.
me, but once he sees what I’ve become, it’s unlikely he’ll
going?” She waggles her eyebrows at me, a knowing smirk on her lips. “This is an old house, dear. These floors aren’t soundproof, you know.”
“You have two hours,” was all the man said in his usual droll monotone before he took a seat behind his desk and pulled out his tablet.
Peeking underneath, my fears are realized.
Just to set the tone...
talk to him, Mycroft.
Before she could reply, he walked away, forgetting his basket on the floor.
Violence
and I killed them with my bare hands. I snapped Charles’s neck after breaking his arm and strangled the life out of Moran. He stared into my face, tears streaming down his cheeks and his mouth hanging open while blood vessels burst in his eyes and his skin turned blue. I crushed his windpipe and esophagus
“You were dying, and I was angry,” John defends, frowning. “Don’t see what the problem is?” He cocks his head to the side, forehead wrinkling as he eyebrows raise in irritation. Sherlock narrows his eyes in response, clearly intending to see this topic through, despite the dangerous and daring tone in John’s voice.
Yet, I saw the way he licked his lips as his eyes roved over my face, settling on my mouth. His pupils nearly eclipsed the deep blue of his irises. His jugular was pulsing, staccato, under the thin skin of his throat. I couldn’t have imagined that. It
Rolling onto my stomach, I press my face into the down-stuffed pillow and inhale the complex scents of Sherlock’s hair product, the musky sweet smell of sweat, and the lingering aroma that is distinctly
Sherlock is trying so hard to be what I need him to be, and my heart feels like it’s breaking open as I stare at him, the realization washing over me. He’s standing in front of me, expression tender and loving despite his sharply tailored suit and perfectly placed curls, begging me to trust him without speaking. It’s in his actions, in his body language, in his eyes. He’s still Sherlock Holmes, the insufferable, petulant man-child who will wreck our flat in search of his cigarettes or in the throes of a particularly challenging case; but now, right now, he’s my lover, and my friend.
Amygdala: the part of the brain that handles threat response and can cause panic attacks
--is the winner.
, however, is the fact that no one seemed keen on sharing the identity of the man with me. In such a small village, most certainly the various men I asked knew exactly of whom I spoke, and were instead keeping the man’s name from me purposely. What they have to hide about him, I do not know, but it won’t take me long to find out.
“I am not going anywhere,” I reply firmly. “You can threaten me all you like, but I am not leaving. Not now, now that I know...now that I’ve seen...I’m not leaving.” A repetition, a grasp at some confidence, a reach for some stability in my rapidly deteriorating emotional state. “I can’t,” I choke out, swallowing around the stone in my throat. My eyes sting and my face hurts so much, and
the sacred shrine you so
“Shut up, both of you.
. Willing his heart to stop racing, he inhaled a shaky breath and straightened his back. With his eyes squeezed shut, he let his foot fall to the forest floor outside the circle.
John pulled his eyes open, the lids sticking to each other as if he had been caught in a deep sleep. Unease settled in his abdomen, making him queasy as he looked slowly around him. The world was a blur as he blinked the haze from his eyes. Dense fog settled in his head, pulling his thoughts adrift as he surveyed his surroundings. Around him sat the circle of stones at the beginning of the forest path. He was shocked to find himself in the center of it. Usually he avoided such places, believing the lore of the town more than he’d like to admit.
Regardless, I do believe I have garnered the cause of the man Anderson’s disappearance. He was hunting something that outmatched and outwitted him, and it led to his doom.
Watson moved to stand between me and his cabin, blocking the line of sight, and snorted to himself. “Anderson was an idiot,” he finally said. “He got what he deserved,” he added under his breath.
for friction.
“The bandage is soaked and it’s sticking to my stitches,” I explain, deliberately leaving
They barely made it out of the dining hall before John had Sherlock pinned against the nearest wall, snogging him senseless. His rugby bag slid off his shoulder and fell the floor with a thump at their feet, but neither of them cared. John’s hands made quick work of Sherlock’s suit buttons, snaking inside to yank his shirt out of his trousers.
“Yes, John. All right.”
* * *
He pulled on his jacket and grabbed the water pail to fill it at the sink, and the phone rang again. Mycroft squawked loudly from the living room, clearly annoyed with the interruption to his nap. John let the phone ring twice, then sighed and walked over to pick it up.
“Ey!” Mike called from across the room. “Oi, John!”
It’s time for the show.
at the moment. It’s
I bite back an irritated, snarky response and move further inside, pausing at the bottom of the steps. The throbbing in my head subsides as I consider the challenge before us. “Sherlock, how in the hell are you going to get up all these stairs?” I ask, turning again to face him.
He desperately wanted it.
mornings when a small, wooden cabin was stuck at the edge of his vision and a fluffy grey tail plodded its way towards him.
Wake up dammit! The suspense, the restlessness and lack of control is driving me insane and I just don’t think I can--
John Watson belonged to no one but himself, and as time passed he remembered it.
John didn't remember putting it on the stove.
, and I finally give in to the sobs that I can feel swelling within me, clawing up and out of my mouth. The first pained sound fills the bathroom and I feel myself falling over the precipice, losing myself completely.
I shake my head in an effort to retreat from the inevitable emotional onslaught such memories bring and croak, “Yeah, right. Sure, Mycroft. I’ll just--” He nods and strolls out to let the doctors know that we’re ready. I cast another glance at Sherlock, laying immobile on the hospital bed, and feel my heart leap into my throat.
With a heavy sigh, John glanced at the clock above the door to his classroom. A half hour had already passed, and he’d barely made it through the second page of the veritable novel his professor had handed out. He picked it up by the staples to make sure he only had one exam, convinced there were more pages than was possible for a single midterm. Sadly, there hadn’t been a mistake. He needed to focus if he was going to complete it on time. He glanced over at Mike, who clearly had nearly half of his test finished already.
, I was
He misinterpreted my reaction, thought he was overwhelming me and quickly apologized. John is a man of honor, of integrity, and it’s likely he was afraid of taking advantage of me in my inebriated state. I should have said something to quell his fears, yet my throat was unbearably tight and my mouth was dry. I suppose I
“How could you do that?!” I shout, losing control of my barely subdued rage. “How could...I can’t believe this! You’re the bloody police, how could you let this happen? I thought he was dead, I can’t believe--”
“Leave the washing,” I reply, pushing such unhelpful thoughts out of my mind. I’ll deal with them later. “We have work to do.”
.” He
Clearing his throat, he turns back and answers, “I believe I am your doctor, then.” Amusement fades into exasperation as he adds, “Lord knows you won’t follow any of the aftercare instructions without me.” He throws a mock glare my way, but his lips continue quivering against a smile. Any anxiety I may have held before this moment about his care for me dissipates entirely, giving way to the bloom of warmth I’ve come to associate only with
His hand lands softly on my forearm, fingertips barely brushing the leather of my jacket before withdrawing. I glance at him and nod. “Yeah. Let’s...I’ll--”
The gurgle of his stomach brought him back from the brink of doubt, leading him to turn away from the darkened depths of the wood toward the grey dawn flooding the Highland countryside. In the distance, he could make out the blurred shapes of his cattle as they moved sluggishly across the bleak field, searching for scraps of green in the picked over earth. He walked towards his home, hoping he still had some steel cut oats left in the tin.
That word, so often uttered by my companion, used to incite feelings of frustration at the arrogance behind it. Now, I know better--it’s a mask, a front to hide how unsure he feels. For Sherlock Holmes,
“And you don’t know how to dance with any semblance of skill outside of whatever one might find at an overcrowded university pub,” I finish with a false grin. When he doesn’t immediately argue, I drain the last of my tea and lean back in my chair.
and yet I cannot find
I appreciate each and every one of you for spending time to read this story! I have loved working on it, enjoying this very alternative type of AU for my two beloved Baker street boys. It's been a fun foray into some psychological horror as a genre. Please take time to leave me some feedback in the comments, or message me on Tumblr @Arcwin1. Thanks again!
, cresting and falling over, and
to dance in front of a moderately sized group of people who
As I move next to the table, John shifts uncomfortably and clears his throat while staring, in shock, down at the pile of his letters to me. “Oh, I didn’t realize...I thought Mrs. Hudson would have binned them,” John says sheepishly, rubbing the back of his neck while he regards the pile on the kitchen table. “I’ll just--” He reaches out to snatch them up, but my reflexes are quicker, my hand resting on top of the pile. His fingertips brush the back of my knuckles and he jerks back, flinching as if burned. I can’t help but wince. “Sherlock, you don’t want to read these,” he warns, glancing sideways at me. His face is twisted, contorted. “I can’t even...I can’t even remember what’s in them, but I know they aren’t--”
? The power to harm and the power to heal, wrapped up in one gorgeous, broken man. You deserve better than this, John.”
As of this moment, I have some evidence to suggest that these tales may be true. That there may be some form of human evolution that has allowed certain individuals to acquire this trait. It is also possible that there is an object that possess the ability to create the illusion of animalistic size and proportions, much like that purported “magic” show we attended last Autumn.
.” My thoughts whirred to life, considering the multitude of possibilities that could create such a creature. Though my heart pounded painfully behind my ribs, the evidence of something beyond that which science has identified outweighed any emotions I may have felt as I stared at the wolf-man.
It worked once, so she would have drawn on this history to recommend a similar intervention.
Snatching my phone from my coat, I shoot a quick text to Donovan.
His eyes get wide, vasodilation tinting his cheeks. “What?” What a terrible actor.
The memories are flooding back to me as I relive those moments, forever burned into my brain by the adrenaline of combined fear and rage. Charles was nearby after he nearly knocked me senseless, slugging back water with disgusting slurps, the droplets streaming down his chin and soaking the collar of his shirt. Moran, with a sadistic grin on his too-thin lips while he watched me struggle on the floor in front of him, asking me ridiculous questions about Sherlock…
Sedation.
to teach him to dance? Dancing doesn’t have to be about sex. (Though, it
That sounds like--
Looking away, he shook his head. “I said
.” He lets his other hand slowly smooth sensually down my arm before winding his fingers with mine. “Your
The warmth inside the entryway seems stifling after the brisk February air still stuck in my lungs, yet the scents of the flat are immediately familiar and comforting. Mrs. Hudson baked today--the smell of yeast hangs in the air. Sourdough, probably. My favorite.
The skin wrapped around his bones and sinewy, lean muscles felt tight, caked with the grime of months living underground. As his senses rebounded, freed from the thick, wet blanket of deprivation Sherlock had wrapped around them, everything seemed too loud, too bright,
Without warning, John crumpled to the ground, his legs numb and disabled. His entire body tingled as he curled in on himself, willing the disorienting feeling to subside quickly. A wave of nausea passed through him, and he squeezed his eyes shut to stop the way the forest spun around him. Clutching his stomach with one hand, he punched the ground with the other as if he could force his body to comply through intimidation. So much for the false bravado.
I smile into his hair with a hum, the memory of the first time he ever called me extraordinary flashing behind my eyes. When we laughed about it in the cab, it was the first time I had genuinely laughed in nearly 6 months, despite having only just met him the day prior. Here we are, almost three years later, lying naked together after having fantastic sex and he’s
Disappointment and guilt pool in my gut. Maybe I misunderstood what he was trying to say. He didn’t pull away, but he might be too affected by the medications to even consider it.
John blanches briefly before replying, “That’s surprising. I thought I made it clear how I felt about him when I put a bullet in his kneecap.”
--used as a bed. The lanky man was nestled between John’s thighs, his chest pressed against the scotsman’s pelvis while he continued peppering his skin with suckling kisses and sharp-toothed nips. As his nose dragged through John’s wiry hair at the base of his abdomen, Sherlock made a show of inhaling the man’s scent. As he opened his mouth to exhale, breath hot and damp, he let it hang open while he looked up through his long dark lashes.
, as he looked me over with knitted eyebrows and a downturned mouth.
Suddenly all I can hear is my heartbeat pounding in my ears. My vision goes blurry, then black, and I reach out to steady myself on the wall, hand slipping clumsily with sweat. My knees buckle, forcing me to slump. I’m vaguely aware of concerned voices, but I wave them off.
I have loved John Watson for longer than I can remember, and I am terrified that once the haze of relief leaves him, he will choose to leave me. He will see my dead mice and decide that he can’t tolerate my fickle affectations and quick-to-lash-out claws. He will determine that I’m just too...
We paused for coffee and toast with blueberry jam, sitting in our chairs with our respective piles on the tables next to us as a reminder of our goal. Once we finished our breakfast, I asked him if he’d like a shower. He shook his head, his gaze falling on the next open letter on my pile.
He stooped to pick it up and tossed it over the back of his chair as he headed to his pantry, eyes searching for his steel cut oats. The tin was hidden behind a bag of sugar, and with a shake he determined it had just enough oats to provide him a hearty serving. As he filled the kettle, there was another flash in the corner of his eye. He blinked to clear it, and sighed, weary.
expression--a mask.
John boomed at the voice,
Though I'm reluctant to let him go (lest he come to his senses and flee), I nod and release him, striding across the room to the MP3 player I hooked up. Naturally I recorded myself playing a variety of waltzes, along with the piece I composed for this event, so the lilting sounds of my violin soon fill the air.
“Dammit.”
He was trapped. Not only was he trapped, but the Fae of legend, the whispers told by the townspeople, were real, and
I could use another cigarette to calm my thundering heart, but now’s not the time. “Well, to put it bluntly, you assaulted Mycroft Holmes for touching you and I ended up putting you flat before you got sedated.”
.” Hearing myself say that phrase, something I’ve not said in nearly a year, feels
, Sherlock?” he finally asks with a defeated sigh.
,” I demand sharply. He skips out of the way, rubbing his sprained arm ruefully. He opens his mouth to speak, yet cuts himself off as I glare with a curt shake of my head. John continues tugging on his cuffs, aching to get away from my firm grip and failing. His desperation palpable, he lets out a low, guttural whine of frustration before starting to thrash. “John, don’t,” I beg, lips brushing the shell of his ear. “
I’ll protect him, no matter what.
John Watson, the love of my life and best friend in all the world, is standing in front of me entirely nude,
version of life. Wiggling deeper into the pillows behind my back, I mentally play out the various scenarios that may await us back at Baker Street, my fingers steepled tremulously against my lips.
Mycroft purred on the chair next to the fire, barely lifting his head as the door slammed shut, a few stray snowflakes swirling onto the floor at the threshold before they melted.
A scowl. “I can manage.”
How long will he
“Okay. Good. Let’s get some rest. We both need it if we’re going to catch that bastard tomorrow,” he whispers, voice nearly drowned out by the thunderstorm ravaging London.
! I shout in my head, keeping my face pointed away from him lest he read my thoughts through my expression. “You don’t say?” I finally respond, voice tight with sarcasm.
I’m unable to follow the line of thought as there’s a quiet knock at the main door of the room, signalling Greg’s entrance. There’s a heavy pinch of weariness around his eyes, and his jaw is set.
(See the end of the chapter for
Do be careful out there, Sherlock. I should hate to hear that something has happened to you. I trust in your strength and cunning, but also know that your intensity gets you into troubling situations at times.
,” I interrupt.
I packed my pipe and set off, traversing the road that I had arrived by until I found the place where the edge of town met the first dark trees of the forest. As I entered the wood, I was surprised at the sudden change in sound. The trees seemed to drop around me, blanketing the air and keeping the typical noises of the forest dulled as if underwater. No bird calls, or wind, or rustling in the underbrush that I’ve grown accustomed to hearing in the countryside surrounding London. My footsteps were quiet, even, dampened by the plush earth beneath my feet. I walked for nearly a mile when I came across a wooden sign tacked to a birch tree. Carved into the wood were the words for
I blink against the burning prickle in the corners of my eyes and square up. I need to have some coffee, a shower, and to get dressed before I head off after the madman and beat him soundly for betraying me
“He refuses to listen to my lectures too,” Mycroft replies with a smirk. “Perhaps you two really are meant for each other after all.”
. You solved my limp in one night by making me chase after a cab with you.
, remember?”
“Shit! Shit shit shit!”
! How many times did you text me? I nearly got kicked out for looking at my phone!”
here. The blood drains from my face, leaving it cold and tense. I’m laying on the floor, shivering uncontrollably. My muscles are weak, quivering like jelly. I can feel my chest heaving beneath me, gasping for air like a fish out of water. My vision is blurred and filled with dark spots from hyperventilating. Fingers tingling, I swipe the back of my hand across my mouth to wipe the spittle collected by my beard after vomiting. The world seems surreal--the lights above the vanity are too bright, the sound of the toilet tank filling is too loud. Everything, everywhere--it’s
. I simply wished to keep you from having to experience such displeasure again, dear Constable,” I replied with a grin.
Tendrils of cool air licked at John’s exposed skin from the tunnel behind him, beckoning him to safety. He dragged his feet in the dirt, feeling the rise of the hill behind him at his heels. “Sherlock, humans need mair than jist air,” he explained, anger twisting in his stomach into something more painful, something more
“Sherlock, I’m sorry, I--”
Stepping between us, John raises his hands in supplication. “Alright, boys, can we drop it and go our respective ways? Thankfully we shouldn’t have to see each other again for at least 6 months.”
Not a day passes that I don’t consider how my actions have led us to this point, my stomach churning with what
. We’ll come down,” I reply with false promise.
My Dearest Hudders,
A long whine escaped John’s lips as he stared down his chest at Sherlock, ivory skin gleaming in the flickering candlelight. “Och aye, Sherlock,” he moaned, surprised at how filled with need his own voice was. A wicked grin was the response as the man between his legs dragged his silky smooth hands down to hook under John’s knees, lifting them up onto Sherlock’s shoulders. John fought to keep himself up on his elbows--
Sinking to sit on his bed, I watch as he removes his dressing gown, hanging it on a hook inside his wardrobe. The lines of his back are exceptionally defined from the past eight months of intense field work and less than adequate nutrition. My gaze is drawn to the cords of muscle in his neck, rolling over each other as he shrugs into his purple button down, snapping the collar into place. He finishes buttoning it and pulls a pair of trousers out with a sigh. “Will you?” he asks quietly over his shoulder, indicating the slacks in his hand with a cock of the head.
here, at some point anyway. Well, or someone else who was beaten to a pulp. Some tiny part of me is ashamed that I’ve done this to another human; being a doctor, I took an oath to do no harm. Yet most of me knows it was a necessary evil, and that he deserved it for the pain and torture he put us through.
“So?” Sherlock asked as he returned to peer in John’s face. “Your turn, mortal,” he reminded, tapping the end of his long, pale finger on the scotsman’s nose. A glare was all he received in return. “A
Except there must be, because he’s on the floor, blood pouring from a terrible gash in his throat, his eyes feral while he dies in front of me. I kneel to pull him to me, his blood soaking my clothing and staining my hands and I plead, I beg, I reassure. “
, I remind myself as I watch his eyelids sink at the effects of his pain relief. He struggles against it, blinking heavily and shaking his head while his gaze becomes distant and unfocused.
. You saved his life, for God’s sake. Will you take something now to help you, knowing the real Sherlock is going to be awake soon, ready to annoy the shite out of you, just like before?”
“John Watson, you are an idiot,” he states firmly with a frown, interrupting my internal self deprecating monologue and forcing my gaze back to his. “I have
The fae narrowed his eyes, continuing his gradual walk towards the man. “You begged me. You pleaded with me to take you. This is the thanks I get?!” he growled, his face contorted in a scowl. “I took care of you. I gave you pleasure and took you away from the empty void that
No, they won’t be.
He releases my hands with a scoff, face drawing up in a ridiculous expression. “Go shower, old man. I’ll make you a new cup of coffee, since you so perfectly ruined the last one. Once you’re dressed we will talk about the case. I have my eye on a night out at Angelo’s.” His eyes light up before he twirls me around toward the bathroom, patting my arse as he shoos me down the hall.
John Watson’s limp is psychosomatic. I’m positive. He kept pace with me, feet slapping the asphalt as we ran, hand brushing mine while we crowded through narrow alleyways.
I fly past Mycroft into the waiting area of the emergency room, skidding to a halt at the receptionist desk. “Sherlock Holmes, please,” I demand, bouncing, agitated with adrenaline, on my toes. I need to see him, need to know he’s okay. I need to talk with the doctor, ensure they did what they should, make sure they took care of him the way I would…
With a smile, John inched off the bed, wincing as his feet hit the cold concrete floor of the dorm. His trip to the loo was quick, passing several of his classmates as they shuffled bleary-eyed down the hall on their way to the dining hall. As he stood over the urinal, one arm up against the wall next to him, he sighed. Midterms today.
“They’re always tearing us apart, Sherlock,” the man below me sobs, body shaking. I maneuver myself to view his face, following his gaze up to the hospital bed. He’s staring at Sherlock, defeated, eyes red-rimmed and bloodshot in purple-black pools of bruised skin. “Why can’t we just be together?”
At that, the man in front of me stopped dead in his tracks while the blood drained from his face. “Supernatural, you say? You don’t mean...the rumors, are they…?” He glanced around as if certain a creature of the forest was lurking behind the curtains.
John takes a deep, shuddering breath and steels himself, jaw working as he swallows. “Yes. However, I need to…” His eyes roam again, pausing at my pelvis as they have several times already. “I need to be able to focus and I don’t trust that I can if you aren’t at least wearing pants, Sherlock.”
* * *
Breathing slowly out through pursed lips, John shook his head.
,” he says, leaning back to point at me.
“Sherlock? Ready?” John asks. I hadn’t noticed him reenter the room, holding the bag of my clothing. Mycroft is gone, already heading back to his office with Anthea now that it’s been decided we are leaving this wretched place and returning to our home.
Watson.
Trigger warning:
I asked the baker at the stall in front of me if he had seen the man, and the baker shook his head and shrugged. His companion was also useless, so I dove into the fray, weaving towards the spot I had seen the man. It took barely a minute for me to traverse the small square, landing at exactly the place he was.
Running my fingers over his scalp, I smile, feeling fond. “I won’t.”
14 August 1879
John could have snapped his pencil in two. “Yeah,” he mumbled, gluing his eyes back to his test. His fist shook on the desk in front of him. It was becoming more and more likely that he was going to kill Sherlock Holmes today.
on him is reasonable, albeit
Clearing my throat, I turn away from my brother to address the good doctor. “It would seem that way,” I say quietly. He turns it over again and looks to Sherlock, seeking approval. He nods, and John pulls open the flap to withdraw the message within. Having already read it myself, I turn to look out the window, observing the pedestrians entering and exiting Speedy’s.
Gee thanks
, you
There was a man, Hudders, who you would have found particularly fascinating. I deduced that he was of low status and had somehow acquired an upper class ticket, probably through some means of manipulation or deception. He was charming and clever, and before the end of the first supper of the journey had made his way up the social hierarchy on the train to the Baroness with us. A vapid woman, Hudders, irritating to say the least, but with
. I brushed it off, made it a joke, but later that evening when he arrived at the theatre my heart leapt uncomfortably, hammering in my throat. I told myself it was anger because he was disrupting
I thought, stomping noisily around my flat.
>>Mike: They’ve got missiles here?
that I could only find with John, just as much as I’ve missed the adrenaline of the chase and the thrill of the puzzle only
--and I wish we could escape the reality that’s threatening to drown us. The moment we found some peace together, some level of comfort...it was ruined. We need more time. There is too much left unsaid,
. - - -   - - - . . . .   - .
Outside, the wind clattered the tree branches against the side of the cabin, their long fingers dragging against the window pane as they were flung to and fro. He glanced at the window, expecting to see a darkened sky with an oncoming storm. The ache in his leg was worse this day--a sign of the impending change. Yet, as he stared out onto the highlands, John’s unfocused eyes saw nothing of note. A grey, winter sky that fell like heavy curtains down onto the horizon, meeting the grey earth as it wandered off across the plains. He sighed. This winter would never end, it seemed.
I return to my microscope, a smile creeping across my face. John wants to dance
John looked through the window on the door and watched the icy rain sweep the plains, pulling the trees of the copse back and forth as the gusts wailed and the house shook. His eyes were glued to the trees, searching...searching.
Pulling away, Sherlock frowned. “It isn’t my fault that you looked while you were in an exam.”
tea, then.
. Sentiment is loathsome, yet I flock to it like cocaine. It heightens my senses, intensifies the meaning of everything I do and think. My sentiment-fueled guilt led me to write these letters to him, and as he stares at them on the table I struggle with the horror that he may yet turn away from me upon reading them. I was writing to him as a way to finally say the words I’d been hiding from everyone, including myself, for years. He needed to know and I needed to tell him. So I wrote it down in these letters for him; a way to set the record straight between us, to announce to the world that I, Sherlock Holmes, love John Watson. I have always loved him, in the depths of my very DNA--if DNA could love. Impossible, but poetic. An interesting notion. John’s capacity for affecting me so profoundly is impressive, and at times,
* * *
. Read me your letters. Tell me how it hurt you. Maybe after you tell me, we can put all of this behind us and start over. We don’t have to hide from each other anymore, once this is done. I want you to stop blaming yourself for what’s happened and finally begin to heal,” I plead, holding his letters in outstretched arms between us.
“Shut up, Sherlock. You’re not listening to me,” John interrupts, huffing out a sigh. “I can’t marry Mary because I’m not in love with her. She was...a
, John. People will think I’m
“What was he wearing? Any particular injuries that we should be watching the local A and E’s for, in case he comes in under an assumed name?” Greg presses, walking closer to me with a small, spiral notepad in hand. My gaze slides over to him and the pit in my stomach seems to deepen, gutting me entirely.
, my very much alive and in love with me Sherlock.
Giving him a lopsided grin, I nod. “I know you did. Old habits die hard, eh? Especially when you’re an old man like me,” I joke.
. A fair feat, considering I tower over most and the man most likely to be in this house (aside from myself) was Watson, who was considerably shorter than this.
“Mycroft,
The rational side of my brain tells me he isn’t. Never would be.
My appreciation for you and your work,
my investigation had been because he had already found whatever could be found. After I drained my tea, I informed him that in fact I
That is, except for the crunch of the frozen ground beneath his boots. The deeper he went, the more he was enveloped in the thick, still air of the wood. No breeze, no movement, no life.
name. It seemed lost to him, like a word trapped on the tip of his tongue, stuck behind his teeth in the most irritating way. He played with it, rolling different sounds around in his mouth when he knew Sherlock wasn’t watching, hoping something might
He coughs quietly in an attempt to clear his throat and jumpstart his vocal chords before speaking in a meek, disbelieving voice, “John. You’re...you’re here.”
face, with those pouty lips and narrowed eyes. With that expression full of too much emotion and yet not enough. I can’t, right now.
Intubation
Get your tissues ready...
who kept him there. But no, no, that’s not it at all, is it?
. Odd, considering I have
I lost him again,
I drain the last of my coffee from the cup, the caffeine already singing in my veins, and set it down on the table next to me. “I remember being at the pub. You...well, not
of that. I don’t want to remember what he did to me, what Charles did to me, how I felt,
“Mm,” I agree in the moments before the world fades away into nothing but black, filled with the sounds of the rain pelting the windows, the thunder breaking open the sky, and the clock ticking.
you and who you feel
. There were
Focus on the exam, John. Just focus.
I’m the sociopath. I’m the one who hurts people, not John. He may be an adrenaline addict, but he doesn’t need…
This may prove problematic.
. I want to be the only thing he sees when he wakes up. I want to be the first person to watch those icy blue-green eyes open and come into focus, come back to life. I’m still
John was livid. It’d been two weeks since university started for the year and he hadn’t laid eyes on his roommate once. Hell, he’d assume he didn’t even have one except the man made enormous messes in the flat on a regular basis. Up until now he’d just let it pass, thinking that perhaps this was the first time his roommate had been out on his own.
His hand, quivering and pale, rises slowly to his face, fingertips settling on his brow below the EEG cap. The machine’s beeping increases as he continues to return to consciousness until he slides the sensors off his head with a gentle push. My throat is tight and dry, preventing me from saying anything while I watch him, waiting for his eyes to open.
He breaks eye contact to look down at his feet and rub a hand at the back of his neck, ashamed at the truth behind my statement. “Seems so.” Then, with a bite of his lip, he nods once to himself and glances back up at me with a lopsided smile. “We’re quite the
The light in his eyes fades and my world is filled with a guttural howl, full of rage and fury and pain and hate.
“I’ve rin wud,” he muttered to himself.
“Hey, slow down. You
Note the POV shift--this is Mycroft's chapter! I do so love writing Mycroft. Such a different vibe!
“Of course. I sent the map to Mycroft and Lestrade and told them which ones we’re checking,” I say before twisting away from him with a swirl of my Belstaff. Before I can take two full steps, I hear him call from behind me, and turn to face him.
I reach for the door in response, opening it for him and announcing, “Once more unto the breach, yeah?” As he takes his first step out onto the landing, I lean back into the flat and snatch my cane off the hook. He’s going to bloody need it after this.
My heart is pounding against my ribs and my fingers are tingling as I anchor myself to his presence, mind drifting hazily in a sea of endorphins while he mutters soothing adulations to my skin. As my thoughts slowly coalesce, I’m aware of the slow rut of his hips against me, his neglected cock rubbing along my inner thigh. The slick trail he leaves sets my blood afire.
? That’s where he drew the line.
My body shakes, wracked with sobs as I hold him, muscles spasming and fingers numb while they clutch at his jacket. There’s a searing white light piercing my brain, collapsing reality around me as I realize I’ve lost him again. I keep doing it, I keep losing him, and every time it’s
“John?” I hear through the fog of dissociation.
I throw back the last of the drink before chucking it in the nearby bin, and walk to take a seat by the bed. He groans, exhausted and disoriented, eyelids fluttering in an attempt to clear the haze of unconsciousness. Once they remain open, he stares up at the ceiling, breath shallow and labored. The beeping evens out before settling in the background, forgotten. John’s head lolls to the side, expression flat with the aftereffects of such a heavy dose of sedation. A glimmer of recognition passes in his eyes as he meets my gaze, the skin at the bridge of his nose wrinkling with tension.
It was a short debate with himself about whether he wanted to make the arsehole clean up his desk, or if he should just do it himself. The bin was within reach, and there didn’t seem to be as much on his desk as the other surfaces, so he sighed and swept the disgusting food off as quickly as he could. Being in pre-med meant he had plenty of sanitizing cleansers on hand, so he sprayed down his workstation before tossing his bag into the chair for studying later.
“Focus on how you feel. Dancing is about feelings, not thoughts,” I explain, breath hitching in my throat as he stares into my eyes. (Intense.
,” the man commanded, and John’s eyes popped open as he felt himself drawn up to his feet as if on puppet strings. He was suspended by his shoulders, toes barely touching the ground beneath him. It was disorienting, and he bit his tongue against the slew of complaints threatening to spill from his mouth.
I hate the clock.
Reluctantly I bring it back up. “What?”
A dark voice whispered between his ears, “You still do.”
. Not in the slightest. “Sherlock, what in the hell are you talking about?” I ask, confusion overriding every other thought.
His thoughts were at war. He felt like an innocent bystander in his own mind, watching the two factions debate the pros and cons of getting on the bus. Beside him, Sherlock grinned like a fool, clearly convinced he was going to get on that bus and go with him. Their hands were still intertwined between them, fingers laced together. Sherlock squeezed his hand affectionately, clearly thrilled that he had won the battle with John’s conscience.
“Sherlock?”
Finally, he clears his throat and nods. “Ready?”
As he walked away, he heard his roommate mutter, “Few hours, actually.”
, no doubt. So much talent packed into such a compact frame.
John softened. “Well, you didn’t need to keep texting me. You knew full well what I was doing.”
Approximately two weeks ago a man named Anderson left in the early morning on a hunting trip, and failed to return. Though initially this case seemed solvable by post alone, upon further examination of the local newspaper articles I decided to travel out to Eastern Germany myself and investigate. Anderson was portrayed as a skilled sportsman, one that had experience hunting a variety of large animals throughout Europe. Though I suppose the thrill of the chase might be enough to entice me, I have never considered hunting animals as a particularly noble past-time. That said, one detail in the information I gleaned from the newspapers caught my attention: the local blacksmith crafted
a terrified, tiny voice asks in the corner of my thoughts, giving into the shameful fear coursing through my body.
.” Sherlock shifts awkwardly on the bed, tearing his gaze away for a moment to swipe a few fingers from his unoccupied hand under his eyes. I’ve never seen him look so emotional, nor have I heard him promise anything so seriously. Rarely do I wish I could think like he does, but right now I’d give anything to know what is happening in his head.
The man blinked as he stared at his cat, eyes following the grey-black stripes and whorls in his long, shaggy hair. Mycroft rolled again, this time landing flat on his back with his legs splayed. The cat’s belly lolled to one side, settling on the floor as he continued to purr in his sleep. John smiled to himself, then removed his jacket to hang next to the door.
. Let me examine you. Tell me your story, Watson.”
Sherlock leans down to press a soft kiss to my cheek before turning away and stalking to his wardrobe, flinging the doors aside to find some suitable clothing for our upcoming meeting with Mycroft. It never fails to surprise me the moments that he chooses to keep appearances when compared with the stubborn petulance he so often displays. (The “sheet episode” at Buckingham Palace comes to mind.)
Scoffing at him, I snap, “Don’t feign ignorance. You’re much smarter than people think, and you certainly aren’t going to trick
Months ago, I would not have hesitated. Then again, months ago he would never have asked.
I am an impossible man with impossible standards and impossible habits and impossible vices and I am absolutely unloveable, unwantable for these reasons. I don’t blame him, really. I know my truth, know how it burns me from the inside and how it halts me in the night when I desire nothing more than to go to his bed to splay my fingers across his bare stomach, relishing in the warm rise and fall of his breath. Feeling him
“Did you?” A voice like silk and venom, full of contempt, slithered into his ears, wiping his mind completely blank and freeing him from the torture in his arm. The words floated, surrounding him as they enveloped him in dissonant feelings of comfort and panic.
let you do it the way you want to. Every time you lay your hands on someone, the quaking inside stops, doesn’t it? When your fist connects with flesh and the bones crack beneath your hands, you can’t help but grin. I saw it when you beat me last week, the
Lestrade’s laughter fills the flat. “You two really
I catch his wrist and grin, looking down at him through narrowed eyes. “No, John. I
,” I plead. He stares at me throughout my monologue, blinking lazily. His expression is flat, detached. It’s the same look he had when he sent me off so he could meet with Moriarty on the roof. I know this face. It’s the
Vasodilation: when the capillaries get more blood to them, resulting in blushing
, head smashed to pieces on the pavement. His blood is oozing out, soaking into the ground, carrying him with it to hell.
“Did he know?”
,” he replies, quietly.
. Walking the line between pleasure and pain, the line between staying forever and leaving without a look back. Never a grey area, never a moment that he thought they could make it work without him losing all of what he is. Losing all of his humanity, losing all of his soul.
than Sherlock. Perhaps the man was unintelligent? Boring?
Not bothering to answer, I take one last look at my two sleeping mates before brushing harshly past him, heading for the exit to the smoking area. I’m already fiddling with a lighter before the doors close behind me, cupping my hand around the end of the cigarette perched between my chapped lips. The first drag makes my blood sing and the involuntary quiver of my muscles subside. I’m vaguely aware as Mycroft steps out to join me, the
, even though he knew Sherlock could tell, he imagined the posh git’s mouth wrapped around his cock as he came.
. He must be regretting ever letting me borrow his phone at Barts. A single, horrible, life-changing decision that has led us to
. Shit shit shit shit shit shit shit--
Annoyance swells in my chest with a tight burn, prickling up the back of my neck and making my ears hot.
“John...are you...how can I…,” he trails off, face softening into something like pity as he stares at me. I feel the familiar flare of anger at feeling so vulnerable and shrink in on myself. If I could collapse into the space between my ribs I would, just to hide from that stare.
downstairs with us. I hadn’t even noticed. I was too involved in dealing with Mycroft.
“Ah dunnae kinn if yoo're thaur ur nae. Heel, Ah coods be crazy. but if ye ur in thaur,
, it’s still
. It doesn’t work, you know that.”
he replied.
Better to just focus on the exam and forget about those pictures on his phone, forget about Sherlock’s proposition from this morning. Forget about Sherlock’s knee between his own and the hand snaking up the bottom of his jumper.
It’s a trick. They aren’t there, something was missed,” he rambles while he paces the flat, hands gesticulating wildly around him and hair flopping around on his head while he spins on his heels.
John grinned, then pushed up on his heels to plant a sloppy kiss on Sherlock’s mouth. “Good,” he commented, then kissed him again. “I have one of those, too. Looks like we have even more in common.”
, per se, and this university wasn’t known for being particularly friendly to anything that wasn’t considered “normal.” He braced himself for an attack, and decided to put himself out there in a way that only the young seem to have the balls for.
, as always. He snorts, lips pursing in mild annoyance at my petulance, but there’s something else there. A softness in his cheeks, the barest hint of a tremble in his chin. He swallows, and for a moment I can see through the carefully constructed mask.
It was
<<Either midterms or missiles. Hard to read the signs.
“Sherlock,” I hear behind me.
Nodding, I replace my hands and reciprocate holding him. “Of course, John.”
To do...
your life.
The constable of Werben came to see me about the case today. He strutted about as I enjoyed my breakfast, commenting on how
anger. I still don’t know if I’m ready to admit
As I enter my bedroom, I can hear the sound of the tap as he fills the kettle, and I smile.
Blinking, John stood still, suddenly entranced.
...he is too fragile for that. Too vulnerable, too
there, they’ll get him. He can’t even walk. They don’t need us.
John finally blinked, his eyes burning from the dry, cold winter air, and the shadow was gone. His bladder screamed beneath the enormous cat on his lap, begging for relief.
The heaviness that had settled into my bones a few moments ago lifts and is replaced by a spreading warmth that makes my stomach do flips and my lips draw up into an involuntary grin.
“There is a monster in our woods. A stranger amongst us, someone who looks and talks like us but cannot control his skin, or his appetite for flesh. You know the man I speak of--Johannes Watson…”
“Sherlock,” John murmurs, bringing me out of my head. (Always so good at that.) His voice is serious, thick with something I don’t want to notice or name.
Day 2
“Anthea,” I say quietly. She nods in my periphery and the car shifts gears and pulls away from the curb, heading back through the maze of London’s chaos to our offices, our haven.
Forcing a pained smile, I answer, “This is
Planting his hands on the forest floor, he rolled back onto his haunches, squatting for a moment and looking up at the tree branches above him. A small murder of crows took flight, launching from the top of a tall white pine while calling loudly to each other. He counted them--seven in total--and pushed himself up to stand. After brushing his trouser legs free from dirt, he reached down to collect his knife and turned to follow his marks back out of the wood.
John’s laughter surprises me, filling the flat. It’s a cold sound, one that’s jaded and empty. “Come on, Sherlock. Don’t be an idiot.” I have no idea what he’s talking about. (It isn’t me, even if I
Attached to the pictures was a message:
John coughs and frowns, rubbing the back of his neck. “Sherlock, I told you. It was dark, damp, and disgusting. Like
, he again found himself ignoring the pain.
“There,” he says, bringing a hand up to brush my hair out of my eyes. “Warmer?” I nod once, eyes caught tracing the various lines of his weathered face. “Hm?” he asks.
It’s overwhelming, and I know that if I don’t stop it now, I’ll succumb entirely.
much appreciation. “Anything else? Could you tell when they drugged you? When they snatched you?”
wanker of a roommate didn’t actually
he scolded as he raced to change and run to his next exam.
, and I know
. I spent too much time considering how best to deal with his discomfort and too little time thinking about my own reactions to him.
There was, of course, the matter of his name. His
Sincerely,
Blood
As they wove through the swarms of students leaving evening classes, John squeezed Sherlock’s hand. He glanced back, and was met with a broad, enthusiastic grin. Sherlock smiled back, feeling his heart lift with joy, and increased his speed back towards his dorm.
John frowned, caught off guard, then looked down at his body to double check his clothing and gear was correct. Sometimes in a rush, he’d run off to practice still holding his backpack full of bio and anatomy texts, but it wasn’t the case today.
, I could not only find the bastard but I could be more sensitive to what triggers him. I
The man continued, yet I did not need to hear the rest of his speech. This was a rally to war, a battle cry. He had taken what little information I provided him in my arrogance and was intending on using it justify a lynching.
, Mycroft. Moran is a psychopath, and before the incident at the warehouse his sights were set on me. I am the person who last saw Moriarty alive, and so he clearly blames me for his death. Now, though...now he’s had a personal slight to shift his focus...to John.” He flips the envelope up with a flick of his fingers, address label facing us.
, I tell myself.
A blush tints the tips of his ears. “Passing your test, am I?” he teases. “Watch
. After some irritated, muttered curses, he cleaned and redressed my wound, bandaged my shoulder, ordered takeaway, and settled with me on the couch. We’ve since finished our food and with bellies full, have taken to reclining comfortably with each other. All evidence of our previous tension has dissipated in lieu of this newfound understanding between us. John’s fingers again continue their stroking and my eyes slide shut. I could sleep like this. (If I slept.)
Right, but...Sherlock doesn’t do
of those things at all.
13 August 1879
The soft, warm scent of cooked oats drifted into his nose, and he returned to the bowl in front of him. His mouth watered, salivary glands excited at the meal, and he grabbed the spoon.
Regards,
assaulted, and I’ve had more than enough time in hospital in the past two weeks. Your injuries are far worse than mine.” Beside me, John huffs a silent chuckle, either amusement at my comment or incredulity at our bickering. Regardless, the suppressed laugh makes me fight against a smile, my chin twitching.
Taking a deep breath through my sleeve, I turn to leave the storeroom. To me, there isn’t much to see in here. I’m sure my partner will want to look it over, but it’s the office that has the most information in my opinion. I’ll text him to let him know that this is the one, and then I’ll wait while he gathers what he needs. What I wouldn’t give for a couple fingers of single malt scotch when we get home…
Molly, at Lestrade’s request, brought me some toiletries and a change of clothing from home, and Mycroft secured a private shower for me. The hospital has a barber, so I was able to get my hair trimmed and beard tamed. I considered shaving it off entirely--I’ve spent most of my life clean shaven. Decided against it though, for some reason. Sherlock will probably hate it.
(What?)
John opened his mouth to speak and found his throat closing up, too dry to allow him much more than a croak. Finally, once his vision cleared entirely, he nodded and managed an, “Aye.”
. He gives you
We’ve arrived.
Raising his head slowly, he peeked out from under his bangs and released the breath held fast in his lungs. In front of him lay the fields of his farm, and not more than 100 metres away was his small, ramshackle cabin. Lifting his head, he craned around to look behind him, only to see the forest still standing there, as ominous and dark as it ever had been.
Sherlock was kneeling next to him, doing the same. “Not until we have a house, I’m afraid,” he commented, grabbing an Irish Setter by the head and ruffling its ears. Kissing the dog’s head, he whispered something gentle while stroking its neck.
Around mouthfuls, I respond, “Sherlock’s fine. Healing rather well, although he keeps forgetting he’s injured and is careless at times. But, you know, he’s wouldn’t be Sherlock if he didn’t do that.”
with me. Just this once, Sherlock.
but tries to learn for the sake of those he loves.
Death (it's
“You’re welcome,” Sherlock murmured as he handed John his backpack. “Now, say your goodbyes so you’re not late for maths.”
>>Mike: Getting some nasty looks for it though.
The gravel of the path crunched beneath his thick, military issue boots as he strode away from the wood, knowing better than to look back at it. The mist that surrounded the treeline rose up from the sparse, dead grass and weeds at the edge of the copse like steam from a freshly-brewed cuppa, obscuring the trunks of the trees and anything that might be watching the man as he walked home.
“You're joking,” John gasped as Sherlock fumbled in his pocket for his key.
I realize. Something I said must have set him off. “John?” I repeat.
Sherlock shook his head, internally chuckling at the man’s use of food to stifle his anxiety. He wished he had such a skill, as his heart would not stop racing but the thought of eating made him feel nauseous.
Just John.
deduction about a vulnerability of his, ignoring how emotionally sensitive he might be about it and forging on ahead until he’s literally quivering with raw fury.
10 August 1879
“Not currently,” Sherlock disagreed as he searched another pocket. Where was that bloody key?!
. I can't breathe, I can't think, I can't see, I--
: my flatmate, my partner, my blogger, my doctor, my friend,
We wove through his small shack and out the door, heading for the forge he kept lit on the side of his property. Before I could speak another word, he tossed Anderson’s cap into the fire, then walked over to his axe and chopping block to start splitting logs. I marvelled at his strength, in awe at how it took but a single swipe to break them in two. They fell to either side of the block and he placed another, splitting it easily with a
I’m holding him before I realize it, slotting my shoulders under his arm and wrapping myself around his torso for support. His breath is labored, coming out in short gasps. I can feel his chest heaving under my hands, my fingers splayed out amongst his ribs. Suddenly, I feel self consciously aware of how intimate this position is for us, pressed from shoulder to thigh against each other. Each exhale from him bathes the top of my head in warm air, filling my nostrils with his unique musk and tea scent mixed with the chemical, bleach-laden smell of the hospital. It’s an intrusion, pungent. False.
of me. He knows, I think.
, John. He’ll never be enough for you, and you know it. He’ll always disappoint you, make you feel unimportant when in reality, he’s the one who can never meet all your needs. You
When he saw him that first day, John thought the man was disinterested in him. He stared, taken aback by his ethereal beauty, too impressed even to smile. The man noticed John’s open-mouthed gape, blinked, and looked away.
At Baker street.
...have
The cat leapt onto the table, a surprising feat given his size, and walked straight up to John to peer into his face.
Sherlock was still grinning at him, crinkles fanning out from the corners of his eyes. Around him, the forest was blurred, the lines of the trees waving and blending together with the rest of the underbrush. As John blinked and looked around, the colors fragmented out like crystals, a kaleidoscope that slowly clicked into place. The temperature swung dramatically from sweltering to freezing, then back to the neutral, causing John to cycle between sweating and shivering. As the scenery rearranged itself, it changed into a dark, dirt-filled cave. Roots sprawled out from the roof of tunnel, poking every direction above their heads. The bizarre man seemed utterly pleased with himself as he gestured around the dim underground lair with outspread arms. Unimpressed, the scotsman fought back another wave of nausea with a full body shudder, cursing his companion for yanking him from place to place.
And he
Watching John curiously, I take a few slow steps toward the table. His eyes meet mine, then dart back down to the pile, then back to mine. There’s more than just my letters here, aren’t there? He wants to hide something from--
that Sherlock was
. Staring.
“How did you…?”
Through gritted teeth, my brother says, “It
I’m in his
how you taste,” Sherlock crooned, licking his way down the man’s nude stomach. He paused to press kisses to John’s hipbone, his long-fingered hands sweeping up and down his thighs while kneading his muscles.
Regardless, I’m going out for one and he knows it. Maybe he wants to come to an understanding between us about how to handle this mess? I can’t let him call the shots about what happens to John--he’s a Holmes, and Lord knows they don’t have a reputation for their kindness.
Nodding, I interject, “Between his people and yours, I’m sure you’ll get him. No need for us to--”
.” Sherlock, rooted to the doorway, blinked. “The W stands for Watson. H is for…?”
was there, grinning that sick, dead-eyed grin at me. I'm choking on the stifling, copper tinted air around me and the acidic sting of bile,
“Well done, John,” I compliment, my voice barely above a whisper. “Impressive.”
Inhaling deeply through his nostrils, Watson cocked his head to the side and huffed, then smiled in a way that sent a chill up my back. “I’m sure the innkeeper informed you of the dangers in the forest,
he asked me (in German, of course). Though it’s been some time, the language came back quickly to me. I have always had an affinity for language, as you know, far outperforming my brother when it comes to the Germanic strains. He prefers
For now, I intend on spending the afternoon in the marketplace, getting to know the villagers better. There is an air in this town of dis-ease, a feeling of paranoia that is preventing me from gathering the information I need to continue my investigation. I am too much a stranger for the people here. Though I loathe creating social connections, it seems necessary in this environment if I am going to be successful in determining the true story of the man’s disappearance.
Sherlock cut across the grass, ignoring the
We kissed, long and slow and deep, and his fingers pressed into my hip bones while he pulled me close. By the time we found the bed, the sun was casting long shadows through the windows as it set and we were exhausted, yet our bodies were humming with need. He pressed sensual kisses into my skin, from my neck to my hip, before taking me in his wicked mouth and sucking me down his throat until I was writhing on the bed and calling out his name. After I recovered, I did the same for him, his fingers scraping my scalp while his back arched and his body spasmed.
,” he scolds. “You’re not supposed to leave it on.” He’s disappointed in me.
What a waste of time! The man spent more of his breath complaining about what a fool Anderson was and how long he worked on the bullets than he did on anything else of note. I probed every way I knew how, asking him time and again what the hunter might have been after. The smith, named Lestrade, merely shook his head and continued on, cursing the man in colorful German expletives while banging on a piece of iron he was shaping into a spike. When I asked him where Anderson purchased the silver for the bullets, he merely shrugged and continued on with the racket he was creating.
John’s muffled, rhythmic snoring somehow softens the cacophony of electronic noises in the room--constant beeping from the heart monitor, gushes of air, the base hum of several cooling fans, and the dripping from the IV. Without his comfortable, relaxed tempo of breath, these sounds would easily drive me to insanity. They are incessantly irritating, but I find them tolerable with his presence. In fact, hearing them now makes me realize how much I have come to rely on them as a source of comfort, and how much I missed them in my time away.
My palms are clammy and sweating, the back of my neck prickling with the creeping heat of embarrassment at my confession. I shut my eyes and inhale shakily through my nose, fingers trembling against my hip bones. When I look back at him, part of me is surprised he hasn’t fled the bathroom yet. The other part knows he’s rooted to the spot, terrified.
All at once, the cacophony of the gale around the forest ceased, leaving the place eerily quiet save for the pounding of his own heart in his ears. John thought of Mycroft, settled in his chair next to the fire, purring contentedly. Not knowing that John was bargaining with his very life as he knelt on the forest floor, awaiting the judgment and sentencing of the orphic man behind him. Part of him knew he ought to feel something,
>>Mike: You almost here, mate?
“Whit is thes?” He swallowed, feeling suddenly nauseous. Everything was wrong. He looked to the left, and began seeing everything he had been ignoring since he woke up in the stone circle in the wood. The wallpaper was the wrong color, but only off by a few shades. There was a long, deep rut in the table top from one of his hunting knives, but it was across from where it ought to be. Even the lamp over his reading chair was wrong, the flickering bulb left on. John would never be so careless as to leave a light on when he wasn’t using it.
He placates, or else ignores me. (Not invested.) (Doesn’t care.) (Unimportant.)
“Mrow!” Mycroft interrupted, waddling over to his chair. The cat pushed his head into John’s leg, then reached up to rest his front paws on the side of the chair. John set his spoon down and smiled at the cat, reaching a hand down to run his fingers through the soft coat of the animal. Mycroft purred, his eyes sliding shut, and he rose to meet the palm of John’s hand. After a few luxurious pets, John returned to his breakfast.
care about, so it doesn’t matter.” His voice had gotten faster the longer he spoke, droning on in a low rumble that started to sound more like a machine than a man.
And now, it
We fell, exhausted, to the floor of his shack, filling it with the sounds of our quickened breaths. As my vision cleared, the cap I had snatched up earlier caught my attention from the corner of the room, and I reached for it.
As the door swings open, my speculation falls silent. His request is written all over his face, whispered in the creases of his pants and the flex of his fingers at his side.
John pauses outside the door, shooting me a questioning look. I nearly ask him whether he brought his gun, but catch myself by biting my tongue nearly hard enough to draw blood.
Beta_Jawn, who helps me with all of my writing, made these beautiful pieces to accompany this story! I love them so much! :D Enjoy!
11 August 1879
(See the end of the chapter for
. I keep Mycroft’s gaze, willing him to understand as I feel the prickle of emotion in my eyes threatening to undo me, to give me away. I need him to feel even an
“Go away,” I reply as calmly as I can. I may be mental, but I don’t need
It took him much less time to cross the distance than I expect it would take most men, his confidence and knowledge of the area a clear advantage. I watched him until he was merely a darkened shadow amongst the trees, barely discernible, then turned away to head back to the path.
His head cocks ever so slightly to the side, face deliberately blank. “No.” He moves to stand, withdrawing his hand from mine and shifting his feet underneath him to stand.
, John.
Something’s wrong.
My rageful companion, shouting because I hadn’t let him into the potentially dangerous flat to investigate with me.
John’s standing stock still, staring into my soul. The pain in his gaze is palpable. He doesn’t want to die like this, but he seems resolute to do so if that’s the only option. We’re trapped,
Tucking a stand of stray hair behind her ear, the young woman nodded. “
“I warned you. None of it matters,” the creature next to him commented, his voice petulant and condescending.
“John?” he asks from behind me, voice tight with exhaustion. He obviously wasn’t physically ready to leave the hospital. Getting dressed left him breathless. He refused a wheelchair,
. Aside from here.”
He sets his tea down and leans forward, resting his elbows on his knees. “Hm? Of course what?”
Scanning the road for cabs, I smile, enjoying this soft moment between us and hoping there aren’t any idiots nearby who will interrupt us. “Of course I do. This is more fun,” I comment into his hair, inhaling his complex scent.
Every day, he read the code he left himself, taking care not to focus on it for too long. Often, he waited for Sherlock to be asleep, so it was less likely the creature would know his thoughts.
To help me move on from
His musculature was beyond anything I had ever witnessed, and as I reached out to touch him, he stilled substantially while focusing on the sensation. Gently, I ran my fingers through his fur and was surprised to find it soft and thick, with an undercoat that reminded me of sheepskin. Weaving deep, I stroked small circles into his arms, earning a shudder from him.
With a sharp swallow, I nod and guide him forward, taking the next step with him. He follows suit, allowing his weight to rest against me. After a few more excruciatingly slow steps, we pause so he can catch his breath.
,” he insisted, the smile vanishing from his face.
His breath still quick, he says, “Thank you, John. I’m fine now. Let’s go inside.”
“So, like I told your brother, Moran had help leaving the warehouse. John did a number on him, and they didn’t make it far before getting into a car. We’ve finally gotten the CCTV trail mapped out. They went to some underground medical establishment to get patched up. A few days later the same car left and...well...you aren’t going to believe this,” Lestrade says, rubbing the back of his neck.
Shrugging out of her grip, he nodded and looked away. “Shopping tae dae afair th' st'rm,” he grumbled, eyes scanning the market for the head of dark curls he'd seen before. “Braw tae meit ye.”
It was
A firm hand closed around his elbow, startling him out of the forest and jolting him back into the noisy market.
I push the thought from my mind--waste of time. Can’t go there right now. He’s not interested, he never was. I was right before, in the hallway during the Pink Lady case. He just didn’t want to be the only bachelor in the flat, that’s all. Was worried I’d out-shag him (
Not bothering to hide the frustration in his voice, John snapped, “By
John strode forward, winding his arms around Sherlock’s waist and pulling him into the room. He kicked the door shut and stepped forward, pressing the taller man against it. “On the contrary, Sherlock Holmes, I find this all rather
He blinks and nods again, then seems to shake off whatever was keeping him paralyzed and looks over at me. “Starving,” he says, voice gruff. Our eyes meet for the first time, and my heart leaps in my chest. (I’m aware that hearts are incapable of leaping.) There’s an expression on his face that I cannot place, though I recognize that my own ability to make deductions is impaired when he looks at me
“Excuse me?” he says curtly, jaw clenched. Now I’ve angered him, and he still hasn’t admitted that this is exactly why he’s here.
to let Moran keep his talons in John’s mind any longer.
He sighs, scrubbing a hand over his face. “About?”
He swallowed, feeling the forest swirl around him, and shut his eyes. Tears seeped out of them, fat strands trailing down his hot cheeks. Clenching his fists against his thighs, he threw his head back and howled his despair into the trees until it was lost in the wind of the storm raging around the forest.
Moments after the buzzer sounds, Lestrade and I have gone upstairs, I’ve deposited the bread on the counter and the post on the table with the rest of the sprawling pile, and I’m seated across from Sherlock while the Detective Inspector explains his recent findings.
“I assume you’re not here alone. Probably impossible to move much on your own, hm?” I taunt, willing him to refocus on me. Sherlock must know we’re in here and he’s waiting for our backup before they burst in, ready to make the arrest.
him, as if...as if he was never mine to begin with.
as Lestrade says.
“No, Sherlock. I...
He’s close. I can see it in the red, blooming flush from his cheeks down to his peaked nipples. I can feel it in the shake of his muscles, straining with the tension of walking along the line without crossing it. I can hear it in the involuntary whines, the growls in the back of his throat as he struggles to breathe.
I don’t know what he’s thinking or feeling about these letters. I had asked Molly to bring them here, but in the intensity of returning home from the hospital, the memory was nearly deleted entirely. I hadn’t paid much mind to the table, only to snort as John continued adding post to the already irritating pile.
. My body aches from too much tension, the lactic acid from such intense adrenaline settling in my muscles as if I’ve been running for an hour.
I hated it--it felt like an invasion of privacy, a violation of my personal rights in some way--while it simultaneously increased my admiration of his abilities. He was rarely wrong, which proved especially infuriating. Now, though, the Sherlock of my mind doesn’t have to rely on observation to guess at my thoughts, and it tries my patience. However, I’m too tired and annoyed to comment on it today, so I shake my head and leave it be.
.” Bringing my hand to his chin, I tilt his face up to look at mine again. Narrowing my eyes, I peer down at him. His lips part, pink tongue sliding out to slowly wet his bottom lip, and the last of my impulse control disappears.
“Mmm…”
Sherlock returned to the pipette and test tube on his desk after John finished dressing, huffing out a sigh. “You’ll do fine,” he said, bored. “In fact, I predict a 94%.”
warn you, rest assured. It may not give you much time to respond, however. Best be prepared,” I recommend with an exaggerated wink. His pupils dilate immensely and he takes a deep, stuttering breath through his nose before shutting his eyes, grounding himself. I release him and return to my wardrobe, choosing a pair of pants and a simple white tank top.
a bitter voice in my thoughts reminds me. Not now; I can’t do
“John,” a familiar baritone called, voice like silk, as John bumped into the taller man, completely lost in his own thoughts. Comfortable arms wrapped around his shoulders and pulled him into an embrace. Sherlock inhaled deeply above John’s head. “You...passed.
, Sherlock--you are--but I want--” Squirming beneath me, he twists his wrists out of my grasp and flips us over easily, his strength evident in his sweat-slicked muscles as they bulge in his arms and shoulders while he pins me. Dropping his head to my chest, he sucks one of my nipples into his mouth, laving it rhythmically with his tongue and causing zings of pleasure to spark straight down to my already aching cock.
As requested (though I fail to see the importance of it), I am writing to inform you of my arrival in Werben, Germany after rather
“John, it’s me, Sherlock. Move away from the door, I’m coming in!”
I swear to God if he keeps staring at me like that I may just kill him myself.
Dipping my head, I hover my lips in front of his, nearly touching while searching his eyes for any hesitation, anything uncertain. Finding none, I inhale and smile.
That’s the story, isn’t it? Sherlock Holmes and John Watson,
A breeze ruffles my hair, flapping it softly against my forehead, and I open my eyes to see the skyline of London in front of me and the street below. I’m on the roof at Bart’s, and I know with the acrid, bitter taste of bile rising in the back of my throat that Moriarty is behind me. He wants me to jump to save them.
John stared, hoping that if he
Glaring down through the windows, I roll my eyes dramatically before continuing with Bach’s
“You moved the furniture,” he says stiffly. His jaw clenches (irritation? No, anxiety) while he stares at everything except my face.
The wind howled like an injured animal, whipping fat snowflakes through the trees as John drove home. They swirled in his headlights, accumulating on the ground so quickly the road became icy before he made it halfway to the cabin.  His tires slid as he turned up the driveway, kicking the end of his truck around in a fishtail. John clutched the steering wheel as the vehicle righted itself, brakes shuddering as he stopped on the side of the house.
“So nice to see you again,
Propping up onto my elbows, I interrupt, “Do you still hallucinate?” He takes a deep breath in, his eyes sliding shut. His pulse flutters under the thin skin of his throat, rapid and unsettled. The air between us changes, growing thick with electrified tension.
,” I snapped, wiping my face and standing up. “Now if you’ll excuse me.” I gathered my hat and coat and walked past him to the door, intent on going to the market. I needed to gather more information about the local legends regarding shapeshifters, as these stories often have the bones of truth inside them.
“You may have been dead for 7 months but you
! Did you get dizzy? Can you see and hear me okay? Did you hit your head?” he asks, concern rapidly flooding his features. His hands float over me, touching lightly as he checks for hidden injuries. “Answer me, please. Tell me where you’re hurt.” He presses gingerly on my shoulder, making me wince. “
“Was it that obvious?” he asked, grinning up at Sherlock.
-- wasn’t a man at all. Tingling crept up from his fingertips, the prickly numbness making his hands cold. A heaviness settled into his limbs, dragging his awareness away from the screaming in his chest. The figure kept taking steps towards him, and John could only stare as the blackened stars in his vision grew larger and larger.
<<Don’t think they’re here, if it’s actually about missiles.
He blinks twice, then glances back at me, eyes hard. “What if he doesn’t?”
Perhaps the stories were just that--
“Nothing was missed, Sherlock. He’s there, I’m sure of it. Mycroft said he’s assembling a team to head there tonight and and take them out,” Lestrade argues, glancing over his shoulder at Sherlock.
“Don’t be stupid, John. It doesn’t suit you. Of
“A twisted bloody wanker,” I reply sarcastically with a huff. “He skeeved me out.”
I shake my head, unsure I’m capable of speech while he looks at me
“Oi! You two!” a security guard snapped, shining his flashlight on them. “Not in public!”
“Hamish, I
“He sounds like exactly the kind of minion Moriarty would have liked. No wonder he was next in line. May not be as smart as Moriarty, but certainly as
I glance up at him, sure that he’s teasing me. Somehow he must have figured out that I had written that piece for him (and
Nodding, I pull myself upright and turn on the seat to face him. “Yes?”
“They’re removing his life support devices and taking him off sedation. It’s likely he will wake soon. I thought perhaps…,” Mycroft explains. His voice sounds so far away, as if he’s talking through the wall. Is he even still here? My ears feel clogged, like I’m underwater.
The forest spun around him, and the last vestiges of his consciousness ebbed away.
in his letters,
been sitting for too long, I suppose.
“It can wait,” I state, turning my head towards John’s belly. His lap is a warm and comfortable pillow, and the fingers threading through my curls and tickling my scalp are too irresistible to abandon for the Detective Inspector. The ringing stops, and I inhale deeply, losing myself in John’s scent. Two minutes pass, and then--
Sherlock kissed the edge of John’s jaw, nodding. “Chemistry. Laughable. Took me ten minutes.”
John is a
In the restaurant, he asked me questions about
John’s face falls and he looks down at our feet, nodding to himself. “I know, Sherlock. Married to your work. I’m not...I don’t expect anything from you. I just want to be by your side, however that looks.” He shrinks in my arms, losing his confidence with every passing second. (Fix it, fix it!)
If he isn’t, then I pray my death is swift. My life without John would be pointless. How
“Funny, your dorm is near mine. We never see each other over here, though,” John commented as they made their way around the buildings.
Nuzzling his favorite terrier, John took one last deep breath and smiled. “Yeah, s’pose we need a house first. Let’s go, Sherlock, before I give into every last urge to skip the maths exam and stay here for the rest of the day.”
>>Mike: Protesting what?
Pale yellow-white eyes against green-blue, sallow skin filled his vision. They stared into him, slicing like blades. His body reacted in treacherous ways as his thoughts drifted away from the market, away from the people who lied to his face with their false smiles and conspiratorial glances.
Time passed.
The world shatters around me as I open my eyes to see two nurses with their hands holding Sherlock down and the doctor slowly extracting the breathing tube that’s been down his throat.
He just isn’t.
Empty.
Across the field he watched as the storm ravaged the forest. He wondered if the dark shadows at the base of the trees held anything resembling his nightmares. Part of him hoped it did. The other part was terrified.
Straightening my shoulders, I throw my chin out in a display of confidence and respond curtly, “Doctor Watson, please. We aren’t familiar enough for first names, Moran.”
Psychopaths are typically more rigid--they find their target and they see it through to completion (murder, usually). What happened to change his course?
Bored with the current track of conversation and disinterested with playing audience to the fireworks, I interject, “
Leaning back on my haunches, I nod with a heavy sigh. If anything, the sedation will ease some of John’s emotional suffering for the time being. The doctor, wary of any aggressive limbs, moves carefully forward and plunges the needle into John’s flexed bicep, depressing it quickly so he can scurry away the moment the deed is done. Slowly, the wracking sobs below me dissolve in the stilted air around us. I catch Mycroft’s eye, placing all of my frustration, disappointment, and fury into my stare. He blanches, eyebrows shooting to his hairline as he interprets my gaze.
The wood?
His phone buzzed in his pocket.
Glancing at his watch, he noticed the time with a leap of his heart. He had yet to recross any of the marked trees on his journey this morning, and yet he’d been in the forbidden forest longer than he’d ever done before. The silence around him was deafening, though he barely noticed it as he plodded along, hands thrust deep into his jacket pockets to keep warm. His bones ached with the chill in the air, for this was a colder morn than they’d had in Northern Scotland since the dead of winter. His leg reminded him with each step of his warm hearth at home, the fog in his head slowly deepening until he could barely string together a simple sentence.
,” he added, looking over at first Sherlock’s bed, then his own.
Never one to be submissive, I pop up off the floor and set my stance: arms crossed, feet shoulder width apart, shoulders squared, chin raised. “Now hold on a minute, it's about me too. Don't think you can just shut me out of it!” I argue. He stands his ground, face still a carefully constructed mask of impassivity. He blinks leisurely at me and continues holding himself as still as possible--his usual defense when he doesn’t intend to give in but is avoiding a clear confrontation.
John blinked and looked around him, disoriented and confused. The sunlight had gone out, the trees had disappeared, and--
“I am disappointed that you give me so little credit,” he interrupts, voice taunting. “John is important to Sherlock, and has saved Sherlock’s life in many ways, many times. I would be a fool to underestimate his importance to my brother. I...
Brodie nodded and turned back towards the bar, pleased with his friend’s agreement, only John wasn’t agreeing. He didn’t bother with the argument, instead finishing his second pint quickly and ordering a third.
“I know,” I reply instead. My tone is harsher than I want and most of me doesn’t care. I imagine the expression on John’s face--irritated to hide his hurt. I glance his direction and take in his stance. His shoulders are slumped and his arms are crossed, leaning back against the tank of the toilet. I turn back towards the spray and a hissed ‘
Unamused, his body rebelled and deposited the contents of his stomach on the forest floor in front of him. He coughed and sputtered, eyes streaming and nose burning while snot ran down to mingle with the spittle collected on his bottom lip. Wiping with the back of his hand, he shuddered and opened his eyes to glare at his tormentor.
“John, Sherlock is alive.
John sighs, his eyes tired. “Those things Moran said…,” he trails off, frowning. He searches for the words he wants, biting the inside of his bottom lip and looking out the window. “I don’t...I mean, it’s...he was--”
. He’s sharing himself with me, giving himself
as a way to invalidate the emotional connection we share. The silence is unbearable.
Tossing my phone down, I stride quickly down the hall, dressing gown fluttering behind me. “John? John!?” I call, pounding on the door. “John, let me in,
, the end of his blood covered thumb.
.” My words are biting, venomous and angry. “
Blinking through tears, John considers my offering, his chin trembling and face serious. I can see his hesitation, his fear that once I know the contents of these letters that I’ll crumble and leave. That he’ll tell me how he really felt--no, how he really
“God I hate you so bloody much sometimes, you know that?! Will you just
I don’t even want to think about what that would have done to Sherlock.
The wind howled as he opened the door, pulling him out into it before he realized what was happening. He marveled at the black sky, having never seen such fury on the Highlands before. The tingle of the liquor in his blood made itself known by buckling his knees and dragging his vision, but he blinked and shook his head to clear the haze. Ahead of him, the forest was alive, swaying and bending trees seemingly connected like the hairs on the back of a giant animal. Fighting against the storm, he strode ever closer, his mind despondent and blank.
Dear Sherlock,
Once I see him...once I can touch him and know he’s breathing again, he’s got a pulse...my eyes slide shut as I try to force the recent events from my memory, focusing instead on what he was saying before...
? And that means?”
“They didn’t go anywhere from there,” Lestrade replies, tone flat with exhaustion. “I’ve been staking it out myself just to be sure. I didn’t want...well, after what happened the last time we were there...we were careless last time. Not again,” he asserts, hands on his hips and voice full of steel. “I have my best folks there now, watching every exit. I only left when you texted so I could give you the update myself. Knew you wouldn’t believe anyone else.” He pulls a chair over from the table and slumps down into it, knees falling open as he yawns.
Downstairs, I hear the door creak open and shut, and then his familiar footfalls on the steps. He’s moving slowly, and his weight is shifting in a way that reveals his trepidation.
his doctor! I meant...how’s
As we take the steps slowly, his weight is grounding while his words twist and repeat in my head.
He sighs deeply above me, body slumping against mine. “Of course we will, John. We’re in this together.”
The pair strode off, walking so close the backs of their hands brushed occasionally, and Sherlock’s blood sang in his ears. It was happening, it was
He takes a deep, steadying breath, closing his eyes as he replies. “Yes, and I am deeply indebted to you for it. Thank you, John. For this and every time you’ve saved Sherlock’s life. It’s happened more times than either of us can count, and I’m sure Sherlock would say it’s happened in more ways than the obvious.”
Continued silence.
“Just go to the loo,” was the murmured reply. “I’ll be here when you get back.”
His form, blurred by the shower door, is stock still. His fists are clenched, resting on his thighs, and his back is ramrod straight, face turned towards the ceiling.
--with a head full of dark curls and eyes as white as snow, winding his body around John’s like a boa constrictor, suffocating him while whispering deadly secrets and incantations in his ear. The breath on his skin felt real,
seem to breathe…
At the disturbance the door to the hospital room opens as Mycroft sweeps in, face a carefully constructed mask of apathy as he surveys the scene, undoubtedly reading it perfectly. “John, as you are aware, Sherlock--”
Wild black curls fell about the man’s face, a stark contrast to the ivory skin stretched tight over his sharply defined cheekbones and jawline. Piercing blue eyes peered curiously at John as the man cocked his head to the side, a wrinkle appearing between his eyebrows. The scotsman felt trapped by the other man’s gaze, their eyes locked as he mirrored his movements. His thoughts drifted apart, the fog he was already so accustomed to flooding his senses and obscuring anything but the otherworldly man in front of him.
I reach the restricted area and smack the call button with the palm of my hand, leaning down to glance through the tiny window at the security guard on the other side. “John Watson, here to see Sherlock Holmes. I’m...I’m on the list.” The guard nods as a buzzing sound indicates the lock release and I snatch open the door, narrowly avoiding slamming into Mycroft. I teeter backwards, nearly losing my balance as I dance around him.
And it was
“Are you alright?” I demand angrily. I’ll kill Moriarty for this, I’ll kill him for trying to use John to get at me, knowing how important he is to me. It must be transparent--I would do anything for him, and I swallow the self-loathing I have for such an admission. Mycroft would be disappointed in me if he ever knew.
.” Despite the topic being my own unbearable behavior, John’s tone remains kind. Not just kind--
“Let’s make it a year, shall we?” I add under my breath as I turn to walk away, my damp coat thudding heavily against my calves.
I prepare our cups and walk over to him, setting his down on the coffee table. As I turn away, about to go to my chair, I hear the creak of the leather cushions adjusting.
Some Trigger warnings (milder than previous chapters/parts for sure):
“I know, John. I won’t. We
Returning quickly to his arms, I spread my fingers across the small of his back and pull him close, much closer this time, until we're pressed shoulder to groin. Taking a deep breath, I will my heart to stop stuttering in my chest and smile down at him. As if sensing the gesture, he looks up through his lashes at me and smiles back. He's soft, small crow’s feet branching out at the corners of his kind eyes while the lines around his mouth deepen in sincerity.
Sherlock recognizing my weary, defeated sigh, repeats himself to Lestrade. “What time?”
,” while he sucks on
to come here.”
“Sherlock,” John says angrily.
Shaking his head, he refutes, “No, it’s not just that. I
Too many seconds pass and finally he breaks the silence we’re trapped in. Clearing his throat, he looks towards the living room and chuckles. It’s a harsh, unnaturally forced sound, and it grates on my ears. “Pretty ridiculous, you know.”
Rage fills my chest, making my heart pound and ears throb. “No. You will
” as he stares down at the paper in his hands. He scratches at his eyebrow and purses his lips as he considers the meaning of it before glancing up at both myself and my brother expectantly. “Any ideas? You two are the geniuses here, clearly you’ve got something to go on.”
Silence. Crossed arms, clenched jaw. Then, resignation, as he always does when it comes to me. “So you’re offering to teach me,” he says quietly, looking down at the floor again. He’s embarrassed about this. Is it because he’s
Catching on, I frown and cross my arms. “Hm. Right. You’re so sure you can do this by yourself, are you?”
lit me in. Ah cannae dae thes anymair,” he confessed, dropping to his knees. “
that had me trapped was not only much stronger than I, but also much
, I’m cresting the wave, convulsing beneath him and coating us both.
“Dinner?” I prompt, hoping to break through his catatonia.
going to need your help getting dressed. You’ve been staring at me for the past fifteen minutes; now is hardly the time to act childish about it. Will you enter my bedroom,
Why is he so interested in you, John? Why the sudden shift?
Wind immediately whipped into the cabin, pulling the door open further than he wanted. The flames in the hearth danced, parts of them dying down while others grew, invigorated. Yanking hard on the handle, he fought the wind and slammed the door shut, saving the fire and heat in the home before the winter air stole them both. Pulling his coat collar up, he trudged quickly through the accumulated snow over to his truck, praying that it would start despite the temperature. It only took four attempts before the engine finally turned over, grumbling just as loudly about the weather as John was. He tapped on the glass at the fuel gauge, which had stopped working sometime in the past month, after his last trip into town. For a moment, he considered stopping at the mechanic, then shook his head and turned down the gravel road that led into town.
I nod at him and grasp his shoulders, taking my first step out of the tub. He feels steady beneath me, supporting all of my weight as I pull my other leg out. Twisting away from me, he grabs a towel from the back of the bathroom door and wraps it around my shoulders, rubbing my biceps to warm me up and dry me off. I would never have allowed this before, even knowing my feelings for him, yet in this moment I find it soothing. It’s the same as the comfortable air we held between us on Sunday mornings, drinking coffee and reading to ourselves. The sunlight would stream in the windows, warm sunbeams falling across our bare feet as Rachmaninoff lilted quietly around us, broken only by the turn of the page or the ruffle of newspaper. Neither of us felt the need to speak--in fact, we would hold these soft moments in reverence, doing all that we could to protect them. I have missed this feeling, the feeling of
The friends exchanged one last meaningful look of skeptical optimism before they received their tests from the classmates in front of them. The students who had already begun sighed heavily as they read the first page, making John’s heart sink even lower in his stomach.
A hand snakes up to twine in the curls at my nape while he continues, “Just--
is unacceptable.
He blinked at me twice, then took one last deep breath before turning on his heel and weaving his way back through the forest towards his home.
Don’t forget to eat, dearie. And write soon.
Perhaps it’s making him think about having sex.
Sweaty, disheveled, and exhausted, John returned to his dorm after practice having completely forgotten about the issue from before. As he dropped his bag onto his bed, he noticed a small scrap of paper on his pillow.
, or so I’m told. One of the many reasons the concept of a wedding is so ridiculous to me. Why does one need to go through an expensive, anxiety provoking party in order to declare one’s love? Frankly, I think--”
, my brother would say. In this instance, he may be right.
right now. Get me out of my head and
“Charles, give John some motivation to be polite, will you?” I hear before pain shoots through my side, electricity sparking up into my ribcage and constricting my lungs. Groaning, I pull my legs up and curl into the fetal position, willing the throb in my lower back to subside.
matter,” it continued, wrapping around his quivering heart.
, and yet here he was, alone in his bed.
I am grateful that Sherlock allows John these simple gestures of care. He’s always neglected himself terribly. If I believed in fate, I might concede that he’s spent his life in need of a doctor like John.
(See the end of the chapter for
I’ve been spending most of my free time baking, as usual, when I haven’t been busy tidying up your flat. Really, Sherlock, consider beating the rugs from time to time. The dust in there is intolerable. I don’t know how you manage without sneezing all the time.
him and
I brace myself, squeezing my eyes shut for a moment to breathe.
I hate him for what he’s done to me.
John was in awe today, as he was
Sherlock was
John will chide me later for not being more careful.
His lips twitch into a half smile, cynical. “Of course not. Flushed them. He was pissed.” He gestures to an empty part of the room, eyes resting on an unknown point. “He knew I needed them, but I didn’t...I didn’t want him to leave me,” he ends on a whisper, the corner of his eyes welling with unshed tears. “I didn’t think…”
before Lestrade adds, sarcastically, “And something has to go on the death certificate.”
The mug clunks as it hits the coffee table. The leather crinkles beneath me as I settle. Sherlock sighs as he rests his head on my lap. And I breathe as I place one hand in his curls, stroking them gently while I drink my tea.
(See the end of the chapter for
a break.
The early stages of the fight between Charles and our companions is crystallizing--Anthea was probably knocked out first, caught totally unawares, considering her distinct lack of visible injuries and the glazed over appearance of her eyes. Mild to moderate concussion, some nausea and dizziness for a day or two and she’ll be back to herself. Then, Lestrade was the next target, and he nearly lost consciousness after he was overpowered and strangled. Mycroft must have happened upon them and fought off Charles, taking a blow to the face in the process as he saved Lestrade’s life. Of course neither of them were a match for the vicious brutality of Moran’s subordinate, who quickly trounced them both and tied them up together against a support pole before he surprised me as I left the empty office I had been investigating.
"Who is this for?"  I finally tried, gesturing at the iron spike. It was approximately 1.5 metres long, and the right diameter to fit comfortably in a man’s hand.
lapdog, pining after him and wishing for more than he’s capable of. He may
“You’re gonna come.” It wasn’t a question.
John couldn’t deny it. He
Time passed.
“John, it’s time. Wake up,” he repeats, tone shifting towards irritation for needing to repeat himself. He
catch Moran together,” I reassure him, rolling to wrap my arm around his torso, our legs twining together under the duvet and silk sheets. His muscles loosen, the tension finally leaving his body completely as he melts against me with a contented hum.
This evening’s interaction was his favorite so far. As they approached each other on the green, a blush darkened John’s neck and cheeks. Sherlock smirked--the man had continued masturbating while thinking about him. It made his heart race, thinking about John’s strong hands wrapped around his cock while he bit back Sherlock’s name.
And then there is the matter of his behavior, which borders on animalistic in some ways. He seems particularly defensive of his home, guarding it like one might expect a dog to guard a treasured bone. If I hadn’t interacted with him to this depth, I might have assumed he lacked intellect or civility. This is clearly not the case, though there might be some argument for his lack of etiquette.
“If you’re not going to get checked out then I’m not going to either, Mycroft.”
” Shoving at him, I gain my freedom and hop away from him, nearly falling back into John, who steadies me with two strong hands on my shoulders. Anthea steps closer, her posture defensive as she prepares to move between us and defend my brother, her hand on his forearm. Mycroft’s eyes flick to her briefly before he lets out an exaggerated, long-suffering sigh and cocks his head to the side, glancing past me at John.
I yell again, chastising myself internally for being such an idiot, thinking of all the things I know I shouldn’t. My throat aches, my body feels weak from the lack of oxygen, and my amygdala has started flooding my central nervous system with adrenaline at the lack of any response from him. Where could he be? Did he leave?
Before I can finish, John plants his feet and bends my entire torso over his forearm. It catches me entirely off guard, eliciting a gasp of surprise as my perspective of the living room is upended. He bows over me, chest heaving into my stomach as he remains steady. I know he won’t drop me, so I allow myself the moment to bask in such an intimate gesture from the man I have given my world to.
, as they dart around the room to observe as much as possible before they land on mine. A chill runs down my spin, shaking me to my core while we stare at one another in a vain attempt to communicate telepathically. He stumbles forward, nearly falling to his knees but saved at the last moment by a yank on his wrists by Charles. Sherlock’s face contorts into a grimace as his shoulders are wrenched unnaturally, his knees buckling beneath him in pain.
Emotional pain/angst
Warm, damp breath washed over his cheek and neck as his molester sighed heavily. “
After repairing his relationship with the cat and restarting the fire, John walked into the kitchen and grabbed the tin of oats.
His hand, resting on his thigh, twitches. I can’t take my eyes off it, nimble fingers clenching the white hospital sheet, agitated. Restless.
Sherlock cried fat, silent tears, sniffling every few seconds as I read the first of my letters to him from the psychiatric hospital.
, though, that I shot Moran. The look he gave me; it wasn’t what I was expecting. I can’t quite place what he was feeling, but he definitely seemed...
I crossed the distance between us and took his face in my hands, my thumbs brushing over those ridiculous cheekbones while I smiled down at him.
John dances me around the room, his confidence having grown tremendously since the beginning of our lesson. It feels so natural, so comfortable that I force myself to forget
, as Sherlock called it, wasn’t until later in the afternoon. He had a maths exam in an hour and a half, which he was sure to pass easily, and then enough of a gap that he could probably grab lunch at the dining hall before
No. I’ll find another way to unwind.
Another cough catches my attention. Lingering effects from the intubation. When I meet his stare, the intensity and depth of feeling pins me to my seat. “You...you didn’t believe it was me,” he says, voice catching. “You thought...you were so…,” Sherlock trails off, chin trembling with suppressed tears. Despite his roughshod appearance, he looks so young and vulnerable like this. His eyes are wide and wet, eyebrows knitted together and lips downturned in a pout.
“Holmes.” Though everything was falling into place, Sherlock still didn't want to believe his eyes. It couldn't be true, and yet... here they were.
Sherlock is never wrong.
“I’ll come there. I don’t think it’s wise for either of you to leave Baker street at the moment,” he says quietly.
,” the voice murmured again, the deep baritone sending chills up the man’s spine. “I’m right, you know.”
John. Still shocked John. As if I have ever been known to do things less than perfect. His time away from me has made him forget.
I am a scientist, after all. A man that relies on his senses and recognizes that without an open mind, humanity remains blind.
I nod slowly at Mycroft, confirming what he’s asking of me. I’m sure, this time. I’m sure.
I don’t bother hiding the long-suffering sigh escaping my lips as I demand, “Out with it.”
him.” He swallows thickly before using the last of his cigarette, breath stuttering out of him. “Immensely,” he adds before dropping his butt to the ground and stepping on it to put the fire out. “If you don’t agree with hospitalization, what would you suggest? We can’t let him keep behaving like this.”
for us to have such little time together before being driven apart again!
“Thes is nae whit Ah wanted,” John argued, bringing up his hands in defense. “Ye tricked me!” he added, the hot pit of rage in his stomach churning.
Suicidal Ideation
"Who was that man?"  I demanded of the servant selling cuts of venison and links of sausage. The servant ignored me, offering the finest steak he had available to me. I again demanded the name of the bizarre man, and the salesman pulled another steak from the table, holding it up in my face while exclaiming in German that it was clearly the meat a
I feel him nod above me with a deep, rumbling, “Yes, John,” reverberating through his ribs, vibrating under my fingertips pressed into his side. The sensation sends tingles up my spine and into my scalp, causing my breath to hitch and heart to pound.
Squeezing my eyes shut, I take a shaky breath to calm my reflexive shivering.
Bringing my hand up to run my fingers through his hair, I smile down at him. “Obviously.”
Today, though, his routine was interrupted. The landline that he kept in the kitchen for emergencies rang just as he was thinking about heading outside, startling both him and Mycroft so much that the cat dug his claws into John’s thighs and growled. Cursing, he scooped the cat off his lap and walked over to the phone, rubbing the punctures on his thigh. The phone rang again, and John eyed it suspiciously. No one had his number, and he liked it this way. In the decade he’d lived there, the phone hadn’t rang once. He had forgotten it existed.
,” he growled in my ear, the scruff of his chin scratching against the back of my neck and earlobe. “You
Gathering strength from God knows where, I straighten my shoulders and tighten my grip on him. I’ve made it through worse before. I’m a Captain. I went to war,
As he planted his hands to the forest floor, there was a flash of shadow in the corner of his eye, darting behind him. He turned quickly to look, and found nothing.
While I typically do not put much stock into cliches and adages, preferring instead to draw my own conclusions, I have heard it said that
“Well, yes, and the top of your class in pre-med. Likely to graduate with
John wasn’t the only person who decided that this, the coldest day they had seen this season, was the best time to stock up on supplies. Nearly everyone he had ever met was at the market, bundled up so tightly he could barely tell who was who. He had worn his overcoat and thick knit hat, but he stood out like a sore thumb with his lack of winter gear. A few villagers gave him strange looks, but he ignored them. He was used to it by now, ever since he came
John stands still, uncertain, his mouth gaping as he struggles internally. I can see that he wants to snatch the letters up and flee. My stomach twists, awaiting his decision, and I know that even if he did take them I would do everything in my power to get them back.
Closing the gap between us, I rest my hands on his shoulders and smile down at him. “Pretty ridiculous indeed.” I lean down and touch my lips tentatively to his, the barest brush of a kiss. I can feel him smiling against my cheeks as he presses himself against me, his hands resting on my hips. “Tea?” I ask him, resting my chin against his forehead. His heart beats a comfortable rhythm with mine as we stand together, my breath ruffling the top of his hair with each exhalation.
In retrospect, he was a bit harsh. But he also knows Sherlock doesn't always take no for an answer. Hence, the buzzing in his pocket.
It...it can’t be. Is he--
, Sherlock, you must be freezing. Step out with your injured leg first so I can support you. You’ll be less likely to slip that way,” he instructs. “If you need help drying off, I can…,” John trails off, eyes wandering down my nude body again. “I can help,” he finally finishes, voice rough with desire.
him how much he means to me. Even if he will interpret it as an act, a ruse related to my showing him how to dance for his wedding (to
As the knots in my shoulders begin to loosen, I consider the task washing my hair will be. It’s still tangled, crunchy, and disgusting from the conductive gel and exfoliant used with the electroencephalography cap, and I’m torn between my urge to have a clean scalp and how repulsed I am knowing how it will feel under my fingers the moment when the water hits it. With a deep breath, I tilt my head back and let the water pelt my hair, congealed blobs immediately slinking off my curls and plummeting loudly around my feet. A deep, guttural groan crawls up from my chest, and there’s a shift in the floorboards in the hallway in response.
“I know,
The vision fades and I’m left with a rush of embarrassment at imagining him
~S. Holmes
. He reaches for the letter, snatching it out of John’s hand recklessly. The soldier inhales roughly through his nose, nostrils flaring as he focuses on containing his mounting frustration with Sherlock’s behavior. How he manages living with him is beyond me. “And what does the Met have to say about this, Mycroft? I’m sure
Growling to himself, the Scotsman ripped off his jacket and bunched it up, pressing it against Greg’s stomach. “
Today it was a dark, bespoke number, tailored to hug every curve, with perfectly cut sleeves and trousers to match his lanky frame. The crisp, white shirt was open at the collar, as it always was, teasing a peek at the porcelain skin of the man’s throat. In contrast, his dark auburn brown curls bounced around his head as he walked toward John, forever wild and untamed yet somehow perfectly coiffed. As always, John’s gaze lingered on the stranger’s face, tracing over his prominent cheekbones and drinking in his crystal clear eyes.
Deep in the center of John’s mind, he registered the unspoken threat facing him as the white-eyed man in front of him narrowed his eyes, his jaw clenching, pulling his cheekbones taut. He glanced down at Sherlock’s hands and noticed his fingers twitching at his sides in annoyance. Scratching at his beard, John diverted the question. “Whit ur ye?”
“I'll be fine by then.” Automatically, my shoulders straighten, drawing on hidden reserves of crisis management. The involuntary trembling in my muscles has subsided, and the familiar flood of positive adrenaline spreads through my bones like wildfire. I can do this. I won’t let him go it alone, not with this psychopath.
Panic attack
“Sherlock!” he nearly shouts, quieting as I shoot a warning glare at him for threatening to wake John. I glance at my friend, who shifts with a quiet groan and remains asleep. “You realize that there are procedures to follow, tests to be run--”
Emerging from the tunnel, he shielded his eyes from the midday sun and spun around, trying to get his bearings. He was in a part of the forest that he didn't recognize, and he considered the possibility that he had perhaps entered another realm entirely. Then, in the distance, he saw a circle of stones, and without a second thought, he sprinted towards it and leapt into the middle of it.
This is going to hurt.
assault would have made it nearly impossible for him to move that distance on his own. I have crews looking at the CCTV from that time and tracking the path of the vehicle that picked him up to ascertain his current whereabouts,” I explain. Anthea peeks over her shoulder at me from the front seat before returning to her Blackberry, face carefully composed. No updates then.
“Sherlock!” I hear one last time before the door slams behind John, who makes his way up next to me, his arm brushing against mine as he stands close. The back of his hand, warm despite the cold February temperatures, touches me, his fingers gently lacing themselves between mine, sharing their heat. Softening my shoulders, I allow myself to lean on him slightly.
“John, tell me what you remember about the room you were kept in,” I demand loudly, silencing everyone else in the room. Seems they were discussing a plan of sorts for the (imagined) apprehension they intend to carry out?
“Love some. Thanks, John,” he quips at me, a glint of life finally flashing in his gaze. He glances quickly up the stairs, clearly indicating his expectation that I’ll jump to his request.
Day 1; Werben, Germany
“What?” he snaps defensively. Obviously responding to the smirk I don’t bother keeping from him as I let my eyes linger for a moment too long on John’s neck. “Mycroft!” he barks angrily. A glance back at him reveals the creep of vasodilation high on his cheekbones, his fingers tapping nervously on his knees. I flash him a knowing smile and reach over my seat towards Anthea; now is not the time to tease my little brother. There’s a war to be fought.
Heat continues curling in my core as I throw my head back, clutching John’s shoulders and whimpering at his onslaught. I’m barely aware of his fingers as they trail down my body until they wrap around the base of my erection, squeezing and twisting as they slide up the length until the palm of his hand rubs over the head of my cock, slick with beads of arousal.
, I’ll come to you,
.” Shoving his hands under Sherlock’s shirt, he tugged at a nipple while sucking on the side of his neck. “And
“You would
Frozen in place, his thoughts emptied from his mind like water through a sieve, John gaped with his mouth hanging open. His breath trapped in his lungs, he gasped as he tried to remember how to breathe, how to speak.
be joking. It’s obvious what I’m referring to, isn’t it? “You can’t possibly tell me that you
. An ache rose high in his throat, making it difficult to swallow. He fought the feeling, knowing what it was but refusing to name it. “Ah hae tae go. Aam...aam sorry.”
I remind myself.
mornings when he awoke, thoughts sluggish as the sleep cleared from his mind and he wiped the crust from the corners of his eyes when something seemed…
The phone cut out with a crackle of electricity in the lines. John clutched the receiver, his stomach dropping to his feet. “Molly?”
Day 6
I laugh for the first time in what seems like a lifetime. It feels uncomfortable and awkward, and yet...like
is enough.
The whistle on the kettle goes off, breaking the loaded, tense silence and bringing me back to the present. Avoiding his gaze, I pick up my mug and head back into the kitchen.
And then, he slept.
“No.” John pulled away, extracting himself from the seemingly endless limbs of his roommate. “Absolutely not. I have to go to class.” He grabbed his bag from the floor and walked to the door, ready to leave, but something inside him softened. Turning back, he shouldered his bag and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s torso, pulling him close. The two kissed, a soft and tender thing that threatened to buckle John’s knees. “Have a good day,” he whispered as they touched foreheads. “I’ll see you tonight.”
My evening was fruitful, to say the least. I spent more time out than I had intended, but was able to gather quite a bit of information after the libations loosened the tongues of the patrons at the pub. Though it was clear that many of the villagers were still wary of me, there were several sportsmen in attendance that had known Anderson personally. The most important pieces of data I gathered from them were the following:
, I assure you,” he added with a smirk.
“Yes.”
“Sherlock?” John asks when I’m unwilling to move. A quick glance reveals the source of our interruption.
It’s most certainly
right. As he made progress, he was inevitably interrupted, so he kept track by tearing the edge of his tee.
Perhaps you should consider doing the fieldwork yourself. It would do you wonders around the midsection.
this place.
I turn back to check on him and…
“John,” he responds stiffly. “Listen, I...I know it’s not an ideal time, but I’m here to take a statement from you about Moran.”
. You’re not getting out of this one. You know damn well that if I lose you again I won't survive it. You can't do this to me--you can't want me and then toss me aside whenever I'm too inconvenient for you. If you are choosing me, you're choosing
“Don’t lie to me. You
“There’s enough time for you to do your exam, meet up with me, and then make it to the next class.
. Lucky guess,” he confessed, his hand clenched at his side.
Triggers:
For several minutes, we’re just two blokes smoking, avoiding each others’ eyes and keeping painfully quiet. The crackle of the tobacco as it burns on each inhale fills the space between us, electric. My thoughts are circular, sticking to my concern for John.
“Thank you. Sorry for buggering it up,” I say with a quiet chuckle. “I didn’t hear you.”
, Sherlock,” I reply with a grin.
Pressing my eyes shut as a wave of pain shudders through my body, I take a deep breath and wait while I hear the sound of heavy boots clomping near my head. Strong hands wrap around my shoulders, rolling me off my stomach and heaving me up while familiar blue-gold eyes peer into my own, soft and tired.
“Oof. Fatty,” John complained, as the cat laid directly on his lower abdomen. “Dornt settle, Mycroft. Ah hae tae pee!” But Mycroft was already asleep, snoring loudly.
been worth it. This is the right choice,
, Sherlock,” he begs. I can feel it surge through my body, weakening my knees and making my stomach churn. He’s been through so much--
In front of him, the figure took a step forward, eyes narrowing as he moved ever closer to the suffocating scotsman. John felt the scrutiny and wondered what the man thought. For a moment, he considered that perhaps he--
. Without John’s faith, I’m
John blinked, staring straight into the creature’s soulless, white eyes. “Whit will ye use it fur?” He vaguely remembered a tale told by an elder of the village about a young man who was seduced by the forest, taken up by it merely by disclosing his name. John had lived enough of his life to know better than to discount the tales told by an old beggar. The lines of that face had seen more than enough, and could very well hold some truth.
Sherlock withdrew his arm and rolled away, muttering something under his breath as he further wrapped the blankets around himself.
I meet his gaze again, letting my protective mask fall off my features. I want him to see what I’m thinking, see what I’m feeling right now. I can’t find the words to tell him, but maybe he’ll observe it all in the tightness of my cheeks and the pain behind my eyes. I press my lips together, holding him inside the whirlwind with me until finally--
A huff from the couch. “Of course it’s here. You live here,” he responds, bored.
, though as accurate as I can recall.
How could I be happy? My errors led to life-threatening attacks on people I care about and forced John into a position where the only choice was to kill two men. My arrogance brought us to that moment--me being trapped facedown on the filthy floor while John had to listen to that arsehole Moran make wildly inaccurate accusations about him and his motivations. His
to you. But, I
. He stole John’s voice,
His free hand yanks roughly at my shirt, working to free it, while he licks a trail along my clavicle, pausing to dip his tongue in my suprasternal notch before continuing onward. Warm, calloused fingers find their way up the planes of my stomach, stroking my ribs before wrapping around one of my already peaked nipples. The sounds erupting from my mouth are utterly wanton as he twists and tugs at first one, and then the other.
John scoffed and shook his head. “Of course you did!”
. I have an image to uphold.”
“Immensely. You’re less stressed, too, John.”
The world pauses as I blink at his words, hanging in the air between us. He stares back, his expression both fond and
. I love John Watson.
After a simple breakfast, I decided to gather what supplies I could and head to the forest on the edge of town. If the villagers were afraid of the forest, and Anderson had disappeared there, it only made sense to investigate it myself. The innkeeper, upon hearing my plan, shook his head with so much force he nearly lost the glasses perched on the tip of his nose.
While I brace for another blow, there’s a flurry of movement above me accompanied by quick splashes in the nearby puddles. A body slams to the cement next to me with a grumble and a few twitches before going still. I can feel a warm ooze of what I assume is blood as it soaks through the leg of my trousers near my knee.There’s an unintelligible shout, sounds of continued scuffle, and a large hunting knife clatters to the floor near my face, barely missing my cheekbone. In the reflection of the blade I can see two dark shadows behind me, grappling with each other before one of them lands a few hard blows and the other collapses backwards with a yelp. I can hear two people panting as something metallic clangs to the floor, and then there’s the sickening sound of a bone crunching, punctuated by an animalistic scream. With a few lingering whimpers, the fight resolves, and I pray to
He chuckles harshly and quirks an eyebrow at me. “No? I rather felt we got to know each other quite well in our time together,
Here I am, sitting in the back of one of Mycroft’s luxury vehicles, staring at a door and knowing that once I open it I will have
“Greg,” he croaks, voice hoarse from disuse. “What happened?”
Slowly, his lids rise, gaze immediately finding me. A chaotic play of emotions flies across his features--surprise, fear, hurt...and then finally, relief. More than relief;
Shaking my head with annoyance at my incorrect assessments of Moran’s location, I brush past Lestrade, waving my hand towards him dismissively. “
Rushing over to the sink, I turn on the cold water tap and throw my hands under it, the burn from the coffee that splashed all over me immediately relieved. I hear the
15 August 1879
sight he is when he can’t run that obnoxious mouth of his, spinning that ridiculous coat and towering over the rest of us. Come now, John, must you rely on such a poor excuse?” Moran asks with a sneer, leaning forward in his seat to glare at Sherlock.
He eased his eyes open and looked down the path through the birch trees. Scanning for signs of his previous markings, he was unsurprised to find none engraved in the bark. Whoever...or
Time passed.
~S. Holmes
Unlikely; refusing to answer.
. I swallow, confident that the entire hospital hears it, and finally bring myself to give a curt, firm nod.
, and I’ll return to my life of solitude. Mycroft would say it’s better this way. I’m not supposed to get involved, I’m not supposed to care. It would have been less painful if I had followed the rules instead of falling prey to the self-flagellation, the martyrdom inherent in loving a man who cannot love me back.
the next time as he walked towards the man, having completely forgotten about the moldy food in his dorm. Shoving his phone into his rugby bag, John put on his best smile and walked directly up to his quarry, stopping him dead in his tracks as they nearly bumped into each other.
just like the psychiatrist at the hospital knew, only he can’t do anything about it.
Thank you EVERYONE who read and left a kudos or comment--even those who have been secretly following--THANK YOU for your readership and support. I encourage you to leave me a note here or send me a message on Tumblr (@Arcwin1) if you have thoughts about the story.
Mycroft is wincing at the pain in his arm, keeping himself as still as he can like prey in the sight of a predator. If I push, just a touch more pressure, a twist this way or that, his shoulder will come out of the socket. The allure of causing him to suffer is delicious, calling me to it like a junkie to his next hit.
,” I retort with a smirk.
I read him every terrible, agony-filled word. Every moment of insanity and rage. We organized the letters by postage date, and read them in order to each other, alternating as needed. Neither of us slept that night, preferring instead to see it through to the end. My heart ached when Sherlock read his letters to me, his rich baritone becoming rough with overuse and exhaustion the later it got. When he writes, it sounds like poetry--an odd contrast to the harsh and vulgar language I used. There was such
last night.
Winter settled harshly around John's cabin, coating the fields with thick white snow drifts covered in a crunchy, icy sheen. Mycroft asked to go outside daily, forgetting that the temperature was so far below freezing that it threatened to give his nose frostbite the moment the door opened. He would stand there, staring at the white canvas for a while before looking up at John as if he expected him to fix it. John would shut the door, keeping the cat inside, and the two of them would return to their places near the fire.
This chapter is written from Sherlock's POV while he's still in his medically induced coma following his near-death experience in the warehouse. It coincides, at the end, with the end of John's POV in the previous chapter.
“Yours is in your pocket,” he cuts me off, tone hesitant.
“John--”
The next song on the playlist begins, filling the flat with a lilting, romantic waltz meant for sleepy couples at the end of a long evening of dancing. Grabbing his hands, I place them appropriately and smile. “Another day, John. One, two, three…”
“John!” Sherlock shouts from the stairs. “Lestrade! Annoyed, fourth cup of disappointing coffee, less than an hour of sleep and hasn’t changed his clothing in over 24 hours. Has news about Moran’s location. Get the door!”
He’s laying still, statuesque, and has an ungodly amount of wires and tubes snaking around his body, entering his perfect skin in numerous, awful places, causing purple-black bruises to mottle his usually pale complexion. His lips are parted as his breath whistles quietly in and out, shallow yet rhythmic. His face is covered in an auburn-brown, patchy beard, and his dark curls are greasy, matted to his head. A grey pallor covers his skin, settling in dark blotches under his eyes, and his prominent cheekbones are sharper than usual with malnourishment.
Then he remembered the moldy food.
...towards me before. At times I showed him affection; well,
“What?” I snap, answering it.
” My hand flails in a vague gesture towards him as I clear my throat and avert my eyes, protecting myself from his inevitable rejection.
languages, which is downright amusing. Mycroft,
“Come on, then. Let’s get you up. This disgusting water is probably ruining your silk shirt, yeah?”
“Can I sit in his room?” I ask softly, embarrassment creeping up and tinting my cheeks.
” he gasps out, his eyes squeezed shut. Nipping the side of his neck, I encircle him tightly with my hand in response. He cries out, his muscles pulled taut as he continues to hold himself above me while bucking into my fist, fucking himself on me. His breath comes in short pants as he nears orgasm, huffing hotly in the air between us. A drop of sweat falls from his forehead onto my neck and rolls down along my jugular.
believes in me, that’s his job. To
Instead of surprise, his face takes on a mask of shame as he swallows roughly. “
It is now morning, and I am prepared to begin. The game is on!
Come on, John. There’s nothing more we need discuss with
matters, then? I’m
Sympathetic Nervous System: the "Fight or Flight" portion of the central nervous system
“What else of mine is here?” I ask, realization dawning. I set the mug down and cross my arms, immediately feeling aggressive. Anger flares inside me at his lack of response; his dismissal of my concern. As usual, he fails to see the problem, like the idiot he is. Slowly, he lifts his head completely off the couch to stare at me. His face is statuesque, impassive. A mask.
Unable to resist any longer, I reach for his still twitching fingers and wrap my own around them, squeezing gently. “I’m here, Sherlock. Just don’t--” The words catch in my throat, a silent plea I dare not speak aloud. He’s just woken up--it wouldn’t be fair.
here reminding me of it. My fake Sherlock, my fake companion,
"rin wud" = gone mad
“I think I knew I was drugged.” He doesn’t need to know about my letters, about how they were the only thing tethering me to this planet while he was dead. They’re gone, now, anyway. Best to keep them that way. “Greg was probably drugged too. They must have had someone planted in the pub.” He stares at me curiously, head cocked to the side, before gesturing for me to continue with a flick of his fingers. “I don’t remember when they grabbed me...maybe…”
“I’m not.”
I never thought he was capable of feeling, let alone expressing. It reminded me of antique messages sent between lovers in the 1800s, for some reason. I’m sure he’d scoff at that idea...but be secretly pleased. He’s funny like that.
“I don’t know, Sherlock. I just--” My breath feels wrong in my lungs, expanding my aching chest and shaking my core. “I just need a minute,” I finally finish, glancing up at him. He’s sitting on the floor in front of me, fingers still resting on the back of my hand. The set of his shoulders is tense, his spine ramrod straight as his eyes flick restlessly over my body.
Fearful he might be sucked back into it, he looked back towards his house, and smiled.
, John, let me in,” I plead, pressing my hand flat against the door. “John…” My knees buckle beneath me at imagining him collapsed on the floor, shaking with fear and pale as a sheet, silent sobs wracking his body. I ache to hold him, to keep him in my arms and reassure him that I’m here.
ought to consume this evening. Though it appeared rather fresh, I declined and strode away, irritated.
and I'm going to die. I was on the couch with Sherlock, and then he was gone and
for initiating the conversation at all. “I’m
“Do you?” It’s now or never, John. We need to get this out in the open so we can move forward. “I’m tired of avoiding it, of acting like it isn’t happening. Please, just...tell me about it,” I plead, reaching to lay my palm over his heart. He flinches when I touch him, but doesn’t pull away like I fear he might. The rain continues outside, picking up in speed and beating at the window. The wind howls against the brick, filling the room with its eerie cries. The clock near my wardrobe ticks one hundred and thirty seven times before he finally relaxes against me, dropping his head down and letting his breath go with a slow, shuddering sigh.
here, he’d be outgunned. Admit it, John, and head over there,” I say, pointing off to my right. “There’s an office on the far end of the room.”
“Scared? Whit fur?”
Was it, though? I remember the shock I felt at that moment, the fear that he might have meant it
--JHW
how it’s supposed to go. My heart starts racing out of control with panic while my thoughts twist around each other, searching for the truth. This is
As I approached, I kept my guard up with the expectation that he might appear at any point and again remind me of his preference for privacy. He did not, and so I was able to conduct a thorough investigation of the grounds surrounding his home. The area was unremarkable, consisting of some well-kept tools for general maintenance and woodland living, such as a spade and a sharpened axe buried deep into an old stump. Examining the axe revealed that for all his small stature, Watson clearly held a hidden strength to have gotten it stuck into the wood as far as he did. It was impressive--a reminder that I should not underestimate him. Another piece of evidence for caution around my primary suspect in the disappearance of the huntsman Anderson.
at me,” I command, voice throaty and low.
“Nae, mycroft. Ah hae tae feed th' cows.”
I’m cradling him, holding him tightly against me while a million Moriartys surround me, hands reaching to pull me away from him. I shake them off, guarding John with animalistic rage from them. “You won’t take him from me!” I snarl at them. “You can’t have him! Stay away from him, don’t touch him!” I’m shouting, covering him with my coat and spitting at our assaulters. “He’s mine, you see! He’s mine!”
his voice echoes in my head a final, telling time.
“I dare not,” I replied, voice barely a whisper. “You are
idiots. I wish I could be a fly on the wall when you decide to take a look. I’ll see you tonight, yeah? 2200 hours. I’m headed to get cleaned up. Later.” Shaking his head, he leaves before Sherlock can insult him, the door to the flat shutting abruptly.
“John?” Sherlock called, annoyed. He turned in his seat and stared, eyebrows high on his forehead. “Daydreaming?”
As mentioned previously, it was
*Dubious consent? Sort of? Does being entranced by a magical fae count as not being capable of giving consent? Honestly, as the narrator, I can tell you that even if he wasn't entranced our Scotsman would 100% be all up on that sweet piece of ass that is Sherlock.
He stopped short of the black trees, looking up at the branches high above him. There was no wind this day, the air an eerie calm compared with the howling gusts that had been rushing over the open plains of the highlands for the entire week beforehand. John had chased after more than a few of his belongings as the wind swept them up and threw them against his cattle fence. The shift in the weather seemed to coincide with his decision to reenter the wood, though he refused to believe it was connected.
What am I
“John,
“Honestly, Doctor Watson, I don’t know
The mantra repeats indefinitely, filling every synapse with this eviscerating truth; a white-hot brand marking every cell in my body with the indescribable pain of reality.
Wouldn’t be the first time he’s broken a promise to me.
John licked his lips and nodded. “
. Just...
“Breathe, Hamish,” the creature on the phone commanded.
Meeting John’s terrified gaze, I reach out to touch the back of his hand. He whips it away, the color draining from his face. A quick shake of the head and he’s off the couch, fleeing to the bathroom. The door slams behind him and I hear the muffled sound of retching seconds later from down the hall.
Gasping, he replied, “Hamish!”
to be in battle. Who
“So...he’s going to bring the message here and we will discuss in his car. All of his vehicles are bullet proof, explosion proof, et cetera. Shouldn’t be too risky,” he shrugs, doing his best to look nonchalant. He can’t fool me, though. The muscles on his neck are taut, and his jaw is clenched. Clearly concerned.
I mimic him, taking a sip of my own tea while keeping his gaze. “John, you know full well what my answer will be.”
,” Sherlock said, running his tongue over his teeth inside his mouth.
My Dearest Hudders,
And in the next moment, as someone passed between us, he
“He was hunting
There was no heat there, no fire, yet it felt raw and tender to the touch. Glancing at Brodie, who was staring in surprise, John took a breath and made the decision.
Or was it right first, then left?
Sherlock whispered as he wrapped his large hands around John’s shoulders, drawing their bodies close together. John felt the presence of the man’s form wrapping around his, firm but lacking any warmth. It was unsettling, and he
“Sherlock, don’t be a child,” my brother replies nastily, his hands on his hips and a scowl on his freshly bruised face. A dribble of blood courses slowly down from the gash on his cheekbone, its trail interrupted by the wrinkles around his pursed lips. If I was less irritable from exhaustion and the after-effects of emotional duress, I might feel badly for him. As it stands, I just need him to
John’s chin dips, eyebrows shooting to his hairline in mock irritation. “
he had assistance from the inexperienced hands of his companion. He must be in more pain than he let on when he left the hospital.
“I need you to tell me what happened while Moran held you captive. Describe all of it
