When in doubt head to the pub. He liked them, not just for their drinks but for the anonymity that a fellow could be granted under their four walls and low lights. Anyone who didn’t want trouble just had to agree to the unspoken rule to drink their cups in peace and mind their own business.
"My tricks? I'm not sure at all what you mean. Elaborate." Tony murmured in reply, amused despite himself. Bucky was a lot more like Stefen than he was giving himself credit for. Both of them got rather endearingly grouchy when things didn't quite go their way.
For a wild moment Tony contemplated spitting out the no that leaped to his lips, but he swallowed the word as well as the sound as he pushed himself to his feet.
Tony cackled and biting back a smile Steve nodded politely, thanking the prince for his invitation and gently pulling the child away, wondering how on earth his children had ended up so dramatic.
Bucky twisted his lips up in a tired smile and waved. It was thoughts of getting through the kitchen door and into the warm heat he could see wafting from the open door that gave him the energy to climb down from the truck and trudge through the snow to meet her.
“What the fuck are you talking like that for?” Bucky grumbled. “It’s done Stefen. You did the best you could.”
It had been too dangerous for Tony to be on the road immediately following the break out of Dachau. Just as Brother Simone had predicted, officers from the camp had arrived before vespers, only hours after Tony and his companions had been shown to some heated water and a dry change of clothing. The small country abbey was already full of refugees who had lost their homes in the pogrom. Tony and Bruce had been offered the floor in the subpriors room, but Bruce had insisted that they were fine bunking down in the barn with the refugee families and Tony had been too sore and exhausted to argue.
The afternoon that Rogers had joined them in their boat making had been promising. It had certainly come as a surprise to the children (as well as Tony) and it was painful to watch them get their hopes up for more of his attention only to have those hopes crushed when he retreated back into his solitude the very next day.
“Yes?” he answered belatedly, and Tony took a breath, paused and then swallowed whatever it was he had been going to say. It didn't happen often but Ian knew what it looked like now. Tony had smudges of oil at the corner of his jaw, like he’d tried to wipe his face clean and missed a spot.
“I’m sure you don’t,” he replied stiffly through his clenched teeth. “But I’ve a private matter I need to attend to. If you don’t mind running along and telling whomever you need to, that they whistled, and their dog is coming. I’d appreciate it.”
Vengeance may have no wrath like a woman scorned, but no greater love on earth exists but that between a mother and her child. Or so they said. It certainly seemed that way for Charlotte. Natacha would be clever to keep her options open. There was no telling what the future would bring now. She and her siblings might need Charlotte one day.
He couldn't discern the look the monk gave him in response to that. To others it might have been a mild stare but there was something just behind it, swimming in the depths. Steve just couldn't decide if it was a dangerous or not.
Sweat dropped into his eyes and he blinked the sting back, trying to focus on her and not the throbbing pain in his side or the floating sensation in his head that invited him to drift away with it.
Steve relayed the question and the man looked torn. He looked between Benjamino and Steve for a long moment before he answered, his voice lowered almost with shame. “I can’t say. She was so young. I hate to think… but people must eat! I wouldn’t say anything, but I have a boy who hasn’t eaten in three days.”
, and if you wake up the children after the hours I spent trying to get them calm enough to sleep, so help me.” Tony snapped and Bucky’s mouth clicked shut, blinking at the monk in a complete loss for words like he couldn’t decide if he was insane or not. Steve had the absurdly inappropriate desire to laugh just then.
“I can be a gracious man, fair, as I see it.” he rested one hip against the desk and picked up the glass of stout, sipping it gently.
"Doesn’t the christkind only visit good children?” Bucky slung an arm around James shoulder and laughed as he glowered up at him. "You'll be lucky if Krampus doesn't decide to make a special visit, just for you."
Maybe it would be sooner, if they pulled the assassination off. Maybe it would be never if a bullet found him first.
Steve didn’t move, his eyes flicking between the drink and the man offering it with unbanked suspicion. The captain’s lips tilted toward a smile.
When it had happened, all Steve had felt was shame – what sort of man cried because something was too
The boy was chattering a mile a minute as Bakhuizen stooped to pick him up, even though he was getting a bit big for it.
All of these excessive gifts were apology Tony realized, his chest clenching as he read Stefen’s words. Buying forgiveness had once been Tony’s style and he was very familiar with what it looked like. It wasn’t like Stefen, but then again his options were few all the way in Germany and he was a man of action. This had probably seemed like the best one available.
“We'll learn what Germany wants, of course. Can’t shirk the curriculum can we? But if so many hours of the day have to be focused on lessons I see no reason they can’t learn what they want too. Electives, children are allowed some electives aren’t they?”
Jessika had seen them out and about and waited for an opportunity to catch Stefen alone. None forthcoming she'd approached them while they ate. While trading introductions and friendly chatter she'd slipped a folded scrap of paper with a telephone number inscribed upon it across the table before she'd made her excuses and departed.
The simple attire suited him just as much as the uniform. Maybe more. His rolled-up sleeves certainly played well to the definition of his arms Tony noted, heart thumping wildly in his chest as he drank in the sight of Stefen standing there looking delectable, hands shoved casually within his pockets and late summer sun beaming down on his golden head.
Dagmar gestured impatiently at his own front as he explained, and Ian’s cheeks flushed red with mortification as he realized what the man wanted him to do. He looked to the wife for help, but Karlina just clicked her tongue and murmured lowly that Ian had better do what he said.
There was nothing wrong with that… had it ended there. But it didn't. He'd known it from those first stirrings at the cusp of manhood. He'd always wondered what Bucky knew. They’d never spoken of it, one didn’t speak about something of this nature, but Bucky knew him better than anyone.
“Alright tell me what you need.” Bucky commanded, waving for the bands attention. “And quit with the Bakhuizen shit. It’s Bucky, or James if you have to.”
They would be happy together. For the first time in years Steve truly believed that it was possible. Tony would fill the house in Switzerland with as much love and music as Peggy had filled their home in Salzburg, and even when the memories got the best of Steve and he wasn’t strong enough not to get pulled back into the cold and the wet from his memories of war, Tony would be there. Once that darkness had felt insurmountable, but he had hope now that he could find his way back if Tony were there.
“I came to see if maybe you had learned anything from washing up blood and sick all day,” Nik answered him with a droll expression. Tony could tell he thought it was doubtful, and never let it be said that Tony didn’t live up to people’s low expectations.
Steve clenched his jaw. Inconvenient or not, Tony was right. He had to take it slow. One threat at a time.
"Only because Tony came back. If he hadn't, Father would have died because of me. So, it's not different at all." Natacha pointed out calmly, her needles clinking together. She kept one eye on the music room door, where their guard for the evening was stationed.
“I could use some soft flesh right now.” One of the men said, their voice indistinguishable from the dull roar in Steve’s head at that moment.
“I don’t expect anyone to understand, but Captain Rogers is my friend, and I could not love his children more than if they were my own.” Tony answered.
Péter had swum a few yards away to “catch” artifacts with Artur who was splashing about in the shallows looking for treasures, while Tacha was trying bravely to coax Sara back in the water.
“What’s going on?” she asked, scuttling over to hide under her big sister’s outstretched arm. Father left Charlotte, taking the stairs in swift strides to meet Sara, who had noticed and begun to run towards him.
“Everything’s an invitation to negotiate Darling, when we have what you want.” Tony purred, for the sheer pleasure of watching how quickly it got under the bureaucrat’s skin. “Stefen is the one person who knows how to get in and out of the palace undetected. But you already know, that if you use his children as leverage and apply enough pressure, you’ll get what you want out of him.”
“Oh. So that’s the way of it? I slave away making a perfectly good meal and he barely touches his plate, but when he decides he’s hungry I’m supposed to whip up whatever suits his fancy?” Willamina scowled dangerously and Ian quickly shook his head.
to bear. The radio was all the relief they had, so even though Tony didn't know if it wasn't doing more harm than good, it had become part of their daily routine to listen to the news broadcasts.
Not for the first time Tony worried about Bucky’s strange behavior but the prickly way he was smiling warned him the other man was in no mood to be questioned about it. Instead Tony arched his eyebrows and gestured with his head toward the sitting room and Bakhuizen nodded, slipping out of the kitchen unnoticed. Within minutes the hall filled with the sound of clanging bells.
Steve smirked as Tony took the hammer from the operator and swung, cocky grin faltering when the meter faltered well under the bell.
He might even have succeeded, Tony realized with cold creeping over his skin. At this very moment the Führer could have been dead, the Nazi party collapsed or in chaos, and Stefen would be lost to him. Dead, only to be discussed in school rooms while people who knew nothing of what it was like to watch a rot steal away everything good about your country, debated on whether he’d been the hero of the nation or its betrayer.
"Do you actually believe in God?" Tony scoffed. "I've always wondered. Surely you of all people Nik know better than to believe that some divinity means to get in the way of how well we destroy one another?"
“Farkas has collected a tidy little sum, but he would have gained much more had you stayed there for life.” Pavlok pointed out unnecessarily and Tony grunted uncharitably in reply. It was hard enough coming to terms with Farkas letting go of a fortune seemingly for Tony’s best interest. He did not know what to make at all of his father setting aside a trust for his future this way. A future neither dependent on Stark Industries or touchable by Stanislov. Tony’s mother had probably put him up to it, but half a million marks was no small lump of change.
Tony made it easier with his jokes and his side comments. They almost had their own little world, just the two of them, and for a time Steve even managed to convince himself that not even the Nazis could intrude on it.
“The boy’s dragon friend came out of hiding then and the family of dragons was reunited. They lived happily for many years after that. Once home, the boy told his mother all about his adventure and after a while they grew hungry. But they were poorer now than they had ever been and when they looked around there was nothing left to eat.
“You’re hurt,” she more accused than observed, her eyes roving over the cut on Ian’s face and narrowing suspiciously on Tony who was trying to hide how jelly his legs had gotten by leaning against the sled. His own bruises were less visible than Ian’s and he was thankful for that.
Artur chose that moment to slap his palm on the table, causing Tony and the rest of the table to jump in alarm.
Just when he thought he’d managed the impossible and shut the man up, Stark took a breath and turned to Péter.
Circumstance hadn't called for the two of them to sleep in the same bed in more than a decade but as Steve laid back down and shivered at the coolness of his sheets he found himself aching for another body.
As the man drew closer Steve’s heart rate slowed, his head clearing as he calculated the best way to incapacitate Khalmmer. This he could handle. A
When Bucky pulled the car into the garage Herr Hogan was waiting to close the doors behind them and lock up for the night, but uncle Bucky to her surprise offered to do it instead and waved the man off to his bed. Natacha thought to dip into the kitchen for a late snack, finding herself hungry after so much deep thought. Goodness she was beginning to sound like Artur she thought with the smallest bit of amusement at herself.
It took two weeks for Nik to make the arrangements. Admittedly it would not have taken as long if Tony hadn’t refused to read the materials Nik provided him with to study up on the new Reich approved school curriculum. It had all been nonsense about the supposed superiority of the Germans: blah blah blah proud history of might and splendor and so on and so forth.
He wasn’t far from the attic stairs when he first heard it. A faint creaking followed by a small thump, not unlike a book falling or a heavy footfall, but it gave Tony pause in the dimly lit hallway, the light from his lamp making his shadow long upon the wall.
He was grateful. He'd been worried she might remember the unorthodox way Artur had tried to teach her about the importance of friends.
His mother had wanted to see the sea and Steve always wondered now if she might not have known she wasn’t going to get better. She'd talked just like this, murmuring story after countless story as she sat beside him on the train, pointing out sights for the boys until eventually losing her voice. Just like Sam she’d spun tales from her girlhood and all the different places she'd called home before she'd met Steve's father and then finally, just as her voice had faded, about the first woman who had died in her arms, no older then Steve was now. She'd unwrapped her memories just so, her precious things, gently leaving them for Steve to pick up and keep safe.
“You’re all right. I just-” Father shifted, his features twisting to put on a convincing show of light heartedness. Convincing if you were three and thought your stuffed bear could talk like Sara. But Natacha could see the cracks, the shift of muscles and skin that only rang true in its earnestness to be so. The effort it was taking him just to smile looked monumental.
Tony made a sweep of the room, checking in on the children before he went in search of Stefen, snagging another glass of wine from a server on the way. He found Steve not far from where he’d last seen him holding court with Charlotte. He looked terrible, to Tony’s eye, his jaw clenched so tightly it looked like it might shatter at a touch, and he and the Count were giving each other frankly murderous looks. Tony was sure they’d exchanged words of some sort, and it didn’t bode well for completing the evening without incident.
“I know I do. And I…” Tony had to clear his throat in order to go on, to say the words his own father had never given him. “I was wrong and I hurt you. I’m sorry. I’m going to do better for you. I promise.”
Steve was barely listening, the minute his head had stopped swimming he'd begun to drift off. He began to lose himself.
be, so I wouldn’t be too hard on yourself.” He teased, wanting to see her smile again – when had his little girl last smiled? He couldn’t remember. He should remember.
, the purest thing this world had to offer. Bucky was proud of them but found himself constantly torn between the desire to show them off (show these cotton headed gadje what it was to truly be rich) and to yank them back; to be tucked into his pocket where somebody would have to go through Bucky if they wanted to get to them.
“For someone who got all hot under the collar about me calling Stark an easy fuck, you sure make it look like all you want him for is a place to stick your prick.” Bucky commented, chewing noisily. Steve frowned and Bucky rolled his eyes. “Don’t glare at me like that Punk. I might not have a woman and an army of children under my belt, but I sure as shit know the difference between letting someone love you and keeping em at arm's length.”
Blond hair, gleaming in the summer sun, long fingers twisting in Tony’s shirt as he called his name, voice wavering anxiously despite the strength of his grip.
Tony’s heart hadn’t beat so hard even when he’d stood up in front of the children to speak treason. There was no stopping it now it seemed as he and Captain Rogers slipped from the room and quietly shut the door behind them.
Outside the city burned, streaks of pink and violet slashing across black velvet sky like an open wound.
In which the Rogers family goes camping and Steve's grinchy little heart gets a size upgrade (or seven). Tony rethinks the wisdom of swimming in their underthings when one of them could be a Greek god, and Bucky, well Tony doesn't know what to make of Bucky yet. Tony might be in trouble in the heart department, but he might not have long to live either so there's that. Always that.
“You saved the Leshnerr Twins.” Tony’s voice was raspy, the muscles in his throat tight with tension. Steve’s eyes were too blue. Too focused. Never close enough. “You saved them because it was the right thing to do, and because they are gypsies. Rom. Your people.”
Father stopped short, the baroness barely managing to keep from colliding into his back, his expression unreadable from were Natacha peeked out at them.
"Until they are done with school?" Tony pressed and Stefen pulled him closer by the hand, until they were toe to toe and he could settle a hand on Tony’s hip, as if they might start a dance.
He pulled her tighter to him, forcing himself to take a slow breath and not to come off threatening. It was no small thing what he was asking her to do. A monumental amount of risk. There would be no one to save her if she were caught.
“Are you feeling alright, dear?” She questioned his uncharacteristic lack of chatter, running her fingers over his forehead and pushing back his fringe. He wasn’t hot to the touch, but Stefen had told her about his recent bout of sickness in Vienna.  One never could be too careful.
any of the desire. The pull, the throb, the slow liquid heat of it all was like a memory from childhood. Longed for, but lost to him.
“That’s exactly why I don’t want them to. And Schmidt isn’t going to be happy I made plans that could interrupt his scheduled tour.”
… Bucky, chased down by the police, into a corner, their guns raising to point at his chest, but no fear on Bucky’s face. His eyes were another story. They were no different from the boy who used to lean over his bedside, urging him to breathe.
He'd expected to find that they'd gutted one of the old house sets and propped it up for imagination's sake, but the device sitting on a table full of cannibalized parts was nothing close to the frankinstinian object of his imaginings. It was for all appearances a military grade transmitter radio, the kind one might find on a naval ship.
Steve tensed, pausing at the door, his hand sliding against the door frame as he regarded Stark with an intense stare.
And then a hand snuck into his blurred line of vision and Steve started. He looked up and right into Starks soft brown eyes.
They soaked it up the kids. Bucky could tell that they were nervous, but they were excited too – so damn eager to get out on stage and strut their stuff and it was Tony who had given them that confidence.  It was Tony who had given them music and somewhere out in that crowd their father was watching them, probably ready to crawl out of his skin but the fact that they were here at all without Steve pulling something drastic… that was because Stefen trusted Tony.
?” he snarled, the agony turned to bitter resolve as he yanked Dvorak’s hand away and pressed down harder with the gun. “Well did it work? Did it?!”
Somehow it was easier to breathe knowing this. The sun shone a little brighter. There were a million and one things to be done but suddenly all Steve wanted was for Stark to be there with the children, to take them on a walk through the square so they could bask in the same sun he was.
The first guests had started to arrive for the party that Baroness Schrader kept telling them was supposed to be fun. But the only person who seemed to be in a good mood for it was Herr Hammer, who had been whistling since he'd shown up at lunchtime with the rest of the staff.
“That was very sweet, Tony.” She said, beginning to sound more like herself. “You should promote yourself to a palatable substitute.”
"Why does Schmidt want you to be there?" Bucky asked gruffly a moment later and Steve replied without looking up from his work.
Bucky banged something loudly in the bathroom and Steve grinned as his friend’s voice floated through the thin walls.
Bucky’s eyes flicked to the black car parked on the other side of the alley and tensed but kept his steps slow and measured as he approached it on the other side of the street.
Tony suspected it was to hit Hammer, judging by the way the boy was pointed when Tony caught him, but even if Tony could sympathize with the impulse he didn’t think the action would go unpunished.
“I’d burn it if I were you Pete,” he heard Harry say, and saw the way Péter’s shoulders drew up tight. “That girl was trouble.”
When he’d been little Ian had been what grown-ups like to call difficult. He had never liked it when Da had to go away. It wasn't that difficult to figure out. Father leaving had always made mama and Baka anxious and sad, and Ian had worried that he wouldn’t come back.
Rogers was wearing a familiarly murderous expression and it was a struggle for Tony not to let anything of the satisfaction he felt show.
AN: We need to talk about Steve for a moment. Poor baby is sick and in a very dark place. Also, war isn't pretty and isn't exactly what I would recommend for anyone recovering from PTSD, but in true Steve Rogers fashion, he's going to try and *checks notes* punch his way out of it. I do not recommend you try this at home. To quote MJ, "Stop it. Get some help."
“Latcho drom,”he muttered, just under the fading echo, slowly lowering the barrel of the gun, satisfied with the stillness inside the car. It held for a second more before it was disrupted by a distressed cry from inside the car and then the car began to rock and tilt on its uneven tires as Stark moved inside. Bucky watched as he scrambled out from under the body in the backseat. Stark fumbled for the door with bloodied hands and fought to get it open, spilling out onto the road in a heap when he’d managed it.
“Are you going to start the car?” Ian asked, breaking the silence. Oh. Right. He glanced to the passenger’s side where Natacha sat, staring out her window at nothing, seemingly oblivious to Tony’s mood or his momentary lapse in focus.
Or the way Rogers he'd looked at Péter and the boys as Ian had all but sworn his life away for a scrap of approval from his father.
Stefen was so still that it didn't even look as if he were breathing. It was almost a marvel, how close the violence in him had come to the surface, only held back by the iron grip of his will.
Sara nodded and wordlessly stretched out her arms for Tony, and Stefen transferred her into Tony’s waiting arms. Tony kept up bright chatter as they made their way to the kitchen, trying not to worry about what state Cameron must be in if he’d passed out by the shed all night. He hoped it was just a case of too much excess and not something worse. What if he’d been hurt, out there in the cold all night?
"You seem to be running this show. What would you like to hear?" he asked, but before Tony could answer, a cheerful voice shouted out from the crowd.
Steve resisted the urge to reply back, or even continue looking. Instead, he turned back to his daughter and observed the pretty way she had plaited her hair. He reached over and touched it, one hand trailing down the long braid until the end of it between her shoulders. She glanced at him when he shifted it to hang over her shoulder and put his arm around her back. He ignored the immediate itch of discomfort.
"I’m a man of peace. Men who carry weapons made for war inevitably find themselves forced into fighting them," Tony dismissed the Warden's false concern with an impatient wave of his hand the way he'd seen Hughard do whenever any subject he didn't like came up.
“You should strip too Stark,” he said without turning to see Tony’s reaction. He purposefully made the suggestion as impersonal as he could, almost the tone of one stranger advising another. “If you catch chill there’s no doctor.”
“We need paint. Do you know how to make paint Tony?” James asked as soon as he could unstick his mouth to get the words out.
him and fuck the coup. They’d backed out like cowards, like frightened women, and now they paid the price. “You didn’t have the stomach to do it, so they win. Winner takes
"That means you’re going to war." Ian heard himself say softly, the words seeming to echo inside the suddenly quiet room. They’d all gathered inside the sitting room, the whole house. Even Cameron, who nobody ever saw anymore because Herr Hammer said that hall boys should be out of sight and out of mind.
A man with Stefen Rogers peculiarities did not fit within the Nazi machine. Tony was willing to say now that the captain was likely not a willing supporter of the National Socialist party. Was this why Nik had asked Tony to spy on him? Was Stefen involved in the resistance movement?
“I’m a big girl Captain Rogers, I can handle a lot more than that.” D’Anvers was saying, much of the heat gone from her tone. “But I should tell you, my orders are to take you to the air base at Valence.”
And even though it was still painful to remember Peggy Steve let them talk. He hardly heard any of it. Not for lack of trying.
After that he’d given up, collecting the few tools he’d been able to bring with him and had gone about fixing furniture. It was rudimentary work (all wood, nails, and screws) but it kept his mind occupied and is fingers away from the bottle (not that he had one on hand, but in a house this size he didn’t doubt he could find one).
She didn’t say what she meant by that, but Péter knew his sister well enough to know that he’d probably see for himself soon enough; because Natacha would not have gotten him out of bed like this unless it was important.
Hours later, long after the rest of the house had settled into sleep Tony was still awake. Sitting at the little desk beside the bed, parts of a previously unbroken clock strewn across the surface. It was a fascinating enterprise clock making. Mechanical and mathematical to the core, not like people. He’d always appreciated that about them.
He jiggled the cradle impatiently as he waited several long minutes while the operator did not appear. No doubt the women at the dispatch were gabbing away, while Tony suffered in wait. He really ought to update the phone system. The house was moving up in years but there was no reason that it had to stay locked in the twenties did it?
Vienna was a feast for the senses. The children had been talkative through most of the five hour drive, lagging tiredly in the middle and picking up again after Tony had given in to grouchy demands to stop for lunch.
Tony strolled into the music room five minutes past their usual start time after noon break, unsurprised to find his charges lined from oldest to youngest patiently in wait. As requested they were all changed from their school uniforms into their play clothes, all except for Natacha.
Tony had been certain that James would cave long before he and Péter returned, but he should have learned by now, not to bet against the Rogers stubbornness. The sun had already dipped behind the other side of the mountain, the sky darkened to dusk, when the cabin came into view.
For a moment his head was so clouded with rage it ached sharply, a threatening pulse pounding at his temple. He should have known that Tony would go poking about in the attic even if he was forbidden. Damn him!
But then of course the children got tired of just watching their boats in the water, Bucky and Tony occasionally striding in to fetch a wayward vessel, and someone remembered Tony promising they could swim.
The house was buzzing, the staff working double time to get everything prepped for the party as well as a meal prepared for that night. Steve had told Virginia to send them home at noon regardless of how far along they were, so that they could spend Christmas Eve with their own families.
Tony had never been inside Farkas's rooms before though he was almost as intimate with the abbot’s office as he was the single room he'd shared with the other novices.
When he walked in that night Hedwig (Etta and Henrick’s middle girl) was at the bar. She smiled brightly when she recognized him and Bucky gave her a wink before going to claim a table in the corner, in view of the door but tucked away from the others crowding the bar.
“Tacha, bambina are you hurt?” Tony’s shaking hands were dancing over her shoulders and legs feeling for injuries.
“You had such a look on your face just now. Soft.” Charlotte murmured thoughtfully. “I’d give more than a penny to know what puts a look like that on your face.”
Steve watched Tony’s confident smile turn brittle. The lines around Vonkovs mouth set deeper in a look of such smug satisfaction Steve almost couldn’t stand it. It took everything he had not to open his mouth and he might have managed it, if Vonkov hadn’t leaned back in his chair all satisfied and declared for the whole hall to hear, “Hughard Stark was a great man, but he betrayed his blood and that was his greatest failure. I don’t think anyone can argue that his seed was wasted on an unsuitable bitch.”
He might never have thought of them again if not for the warning he had received from Farkas. Clinton had delivered it that afternoon, slipping over the garden wall and lying in wait away from Hammer for the opportune moment to jump out at Tony and the little girls, who had noticed it was falling into disarray with Sam gone and wanted to learn something of flowers while their older siblings were off at their programs.
Stefan was holding Ian up by his belly, helping him to correct his form. And his father’s presence and sure touch seemed to give him confidence – bolstering that single minded drive. Even while Tony and his father struggled keep James afloat Ian paddled back and forth, back and forth, face screwed up in concentration.
The SS officers outnumber the Wehrmacht two to one, swivels of black drowning out the gray of the Wehrmacht uniform. But here between the walls of the Führer’s home it was never clearer that it didn't matter what uniform they wore. They were all the same.
Steve settled himself into a position that didn’t make his ribs ache quite so much and let the scent of coffee beans and baked bread sooth him. Had it really been three years since he’d sat at their little table in the back like this? He could still remember the night that he and Bucky had boarded the train from Nowy Sącz, or
"I’m going to get Péter a bird so he can fly here. I’ve got to find the right kind, but it’s in my book somewhere, I know it. It has all the animals," he explained proudly to Ian and James who left off glaring at each other long enough to see what Artur was so excited about.
His legs dangled over the sofas end and he pulled them in to his chest and finally peeked out from under the pillow. The piano stared back at him. He imagined if it could talk it would say something like, “if you’re trying to hide, you might try finding a place you can fit in”.
“Vati sent us presents!” Artur hollered excitedly in explanation. Tony saw that he was sat atop a gleaming three wheeled bike with a bright bow attached. “And look Tony! Now I don’t have to ride with James!”
A good book had been Peggy’s copy of “The Ego and the Id’. He hoped It had soothed Stevie. His wife had had very strange tastes. Bucky had struggled through the heavy German text, hardly understanding half of what he was saying. Steve had even called him on it, asking him to repeat what he’d said at more than one point, his voice scraping out of him. He'd asked why Bucky bothered to read it if he neither liked Freud nor understood him. Bucky had scowled back and told him to shut up. Steve, contrary bastard that he was, never did fall back to sleep. Instead he seemed to drift in and out, back pressed to the headboard, breathing stuttering every now and then. It gave Bucky time to observe his friend.
Eventually the cans were shot through and stomachs started to rumble, prompting Stefen and Bakhuizen to pick through Wilhelmina's basket and set to work setting out the cheeses, bread, and fruit she’d packed.  The boys darted back and forth between the little creek and their picnic. Their heads bent together as they stood on the bank of the creek, Péter explaining matter of factly to his younger siblings the concept of erosion. Tony smiled.
That was unfortunate because they were headed to another big boat, Steve thought and Bucky laughed and laughed.
Steve swore he could have heard a pin drop and then not a beat later the table seemed to explode with excitement as the children (all but Péter) clamored out of their chairs to hug and touch and tug, all talking at once and getting progressively louder to be heard over the others. He couldn't really distinguish one voice from the other, what with his ears ringing and his heart pounding too loudly.
“It’s not a place for children.” He said and Natacha’s face fell. The baroness, seeing this, squeezed the arm she had entwined with the captain’s leaning all the closer and tilting her head in such a way that Tony knew only emphasized the length of her eyelashes.
“What happened?” this time Tony was the one to voice the question, walking slowly toward the young man trembling on the chair and laying what he hoped was a comforting hand upon his shoulder.
Even so, he’d taken a terrible risk ripping that flag in front of Hammer. But it was done now and if his loyalty to the family could not be counted on, Steve counted on the man’s good sense to know that it would be his word against the rest of the house if he went to the authorities.
“Perhaps he’s nervous about having a new mistress.” She mused. “I shall have to make an effort to get to know him and the rest of your staff better.”
The quiet voice pulled Steve away from the music room, the image of Tony fading and the warmth of hands on Steve’s body fading with it, leaving him chilled and disoriented.
“That’s a beautiful sentiment Captain, but it’s worthless when the world isn’t something you can buy me or have delivered to my doorstep. The world is achieved. It’s something we have to take for ourselves and you can’t give me back twenty years of life anymore than you can guarantee me twenty more,” Tony replied with slow precision.
“Good. We’ll limp her in.” Tony replied, taking stock of his wet frightened companions. The man holding the crying boy was bleeding from his shoulder he noted. “Have any of you sailed before?”
Ignore the terrified faces of the deported as they marched past your windows, on their way to anywhere but here.
"Relax lieutenant. Children play games. Don't you have children?" Maria recognized Tony's voice drawing closer to the place where they hid and she shrank, looking worriedly at Artur who put a finger to his lips and shushed her.
“You don’t seem all that surprised that I have company,” Steve opened, taking the reins of the conversation and hoping to catch the man off guard. Something told him Filip Coulson was a man rarely caught off guard however.
"You don't know me as well as you think you do Frau Hogan." Charlotte replied evenly, smoothing her hair into place. She turned and brushed past the other woman to open the door and walk into the hall, calling for her maid. Virginia followed her with a frustrated huff, and Charlotte could feel her gearing up to launch into another tirade, or perhaps another round of pleading, but Charlotte had no time for either. They'd have to move very quickly if her plan was still going to work. She didn't have the time she'd thought she'd have to convince Sophie and Georg to interfere. Now, she'd have to rely on her parents and they were going to be much harder to sway.
They sat in always silence after that, cutlery scraping off plates and Bucky wondered how often this was the symphony of the meals together. He watched his spoon sink into his muesli with every bite, feeling as if it were an accurate picture of the situation Bucky had to dig Steve out of.
Péter had gone silent at the mention of his father and Tony couldn’t blame him. Stef-Captain Rogers, Damn it!
He’d imagined Tony inside of him! He remembered with a curl of shame even as pleasure, dark and insistent tightened in his belly. Yes, he’d dreamed that. Wanted it. He’d wanted Tony’s hands on his hips pinning him to the bed, burning skin slapping against his thighs. Tony’s hand running up his chest, over his heart, and just holding him there, pinning him down.
That’s right. Stark was taking the children camping that afternoon. They were still glum about the fact that Stefen had refused to join them.
There was a massive effort underway to expand the railway before war broke out, and the führer wasn't going to be stopped by the weather. Which meant that there were a great number of men set to work laying track headed south, and therefore a great number of Gestapo in place to watch them. The upside, and the hinge of their entire plan, was that there were also a lot of trucks ambling back and forth with supplies.
“That’s not-“ Professor Sieger amended, hands going in the air, flustered and visibly doing his best to hold back his own irritation. “It’s only that- I’m only thinking of the children. They should be back in their own beds. He ran a hand through his curly blond hair, so that his nervous swiping and all the soot in it nearly had it standing on end.
Someone chuckled, the sound low and full of promise. It sounded like Tony. But when Steve opened his eyes of course Tony was not there. He was still alone in the room with Khalmmer.
Steve left Mittelstaedt Press that afternoon feeling strangely uplifted. When he and Bucky had left that morning to finalize the names on their list and seek out Franz he’d been riddled with tension, sure that just around every corner they were going to find the S.S. crouched in wait. But they’d been undiscovered.
“You might be right.” He allowed. And when his eyes caught Tony’s once more they pulled, filled with an unspoken plea that Tony answered with a small smile of reassurance. “Someone told me that I was overprotective. It’s hard to help, but we should go together. As a family.”
“Right away, sir” the operator said over the line. Tony waited, so anxious he wasn’t sure he was still breathing. He closed his eyes again, concentrating on pulling in a breath through the tightness in his chest. He staunchly ignored the strange hitching in his breath.
Wanda was sitting by herself on the bank, her legs dangling in the water as she stared out over the lake with a blank expression.
"Is that what you think?" he asked, but there was no surprise in it, so she just waited to hear what he'd already decided to say.
Happy 4th of July, fellow Americans, and for everybody else well I hope you had a fantastic evening just the same. All our love! In honor of the birth of our fine (hot mess) of a country we bring you this update.
So Stefen was getting married. Fine. Good. Expected even. He was still young after all. People would find it odd if he never sought female companionship. And the Captain was not the sort of person who engaged in light hearted affairs – at least not where women were concerned, Tony thought with a sneer. Clearly where men were concerned Stefen didn’t feel so bound to be forthcoming about something as monumental as an upcoming marriage.
Two hundred Swiss francs, and two adult boarding passes for the train going from Venice to Switzerland. That was what Tony had thought was worth risking his life for, Steve learned as Tony recounted the tale of his trip to his childhood home.
In his hands Tony held a nine branched candelabra. Child sized, because Tony had been less than eight years old when he’d crafted it himself. The base was a simple oak block, freshly polished to gleaming a deep reddish hue. Three iron prongs were set equally spaced apart across the surface, each prong twisting, splitting, and turning into the others, to form a geometric pattern and become the nine candle holders. He’d come home from their not-Chanuka that year, and he’d thought foolishly that by making his own he could bring the magic home and make it last.
"Péter Rogers the sheer nerve of you! You darling creature!" She threw her arms around his neck and pressed her plush mouth against his cheek in a smacking kiss, the glitter of mischief in her eyes as she laughed at his utterly stupefied expression.
Of course, Péter thought, he wouldn't have either. He frowned, wondering at Natacha's continued silence, taking in the unnaturally still way she was standing, careful to look at neither of them.
It had been a partially nasty extraction. Not as nasty as an extraction as he'd been trying to make when the ground next to him had exploded.
Steve had received similar letters over the past year, but before, it had been simple enough to keep the children behind their peers.
Master of the house indeed. He could have been sitting on rubbish and made it seem like throne.  Tony sounded more like an irritated Rom Baro than his children’s tutor. Not at all like the friend he had come to cherish. Not like the man that he-
“Consider it forgotten, cap.” the monk said with the same smart salute he’d given Steve the night before.
“I wouldn’t dream of it. My aunt is there to keep an eye on things. Besides, being with you holds off the lecture I’m sure she has prepared for me.”
"I don't want to leave!" came one voice and before she could even determine who had spoken came another.
Patroche seemed to share the same affinity for food offerings. He’d gotten up from his nest and gobbled up the bread before ambling over to Steve in search of more. A few more days of similar offerings and the stroppy goat had taken to resting in a lumpy ball by Steve’s side for warmth. The first time it happened Steve had cried, silent tears of shame that he was glad no one was there to witness, stroking his hands through the goat’s springy hair.
“I’m sorry I kept you waiting. I ran into some trouble on the way back. Had to make sure I lost them.”
“No, I want to learn French” she repeated and, yes, there it was the clenching of the jaw, right on cue (although her version of it had her chin tilted up and lips pressed).
Steve closed his eyes and let the rattle and roar of the engines wash over him as the Warbird cut through the sky, eating up the miles between them and their destination. He counted each breath.
"It's a marriage of convenience. You understand? I can't offer you more than that. I wish I could," he heard himself say, gruff and not at all as gentle as she deserved but he could not find the words here either it seemed. She squeezed his hand, understanding in her eyes and for a moment Steve could believe that at least this one thing was going to be alright.
But father wasn’t here and Péter was right. If Tony didn’t come back, Ian and his siblings would be alone. They might not survive. They needed Tony, but that didn’t mean Tony wasn’t right too. They needed each other right now.
“Stefen?” Tony sounded slightly panicked now. “Stefen, you need to tell me why you’re crying, what hurts?” Tony felt along his chest, feeling the vibrations of Steve’s rattling lungs. God, everything hurt. But he pushed through it, drew in enough breath to push out Tony's name again.
“Is Artur going to be okay father?” he heard Maria ask meekly as he rose with Artur in his arms, and Tony was grateful when the captain stooped to pick the little girl up and press a kiss to her hair.
“You’d wear pearls? If I gave them to you, you’d wear them?” he asked with a strangled note, and Tony laughed as he climbed back up to sit beside him on the bed, gift in hand.
“To do this.” Steve took Tony by the hand and held him by the waist, ignoring the confused tension in his body, and his own certainty that he was about to make a fool of himself. It didn’t matter if Tony was happy. “I only know how to lead.” He snapped it. Steve flinched. He hadn’t meant to snap it. He’d meant to apologize...
Artur beamed at this prospect and Stefen looked somewhat taken back. Tony smiled. Stefen cleared his throat and began again with more confidence.
“I could ask the same about you?” Tony replied after a long moment, head cocked as he considered Steve. The dim light made his eyes seem liquid. Or maybe that was the Genever. Steve just stared at him. Why was he here? It seemed too obvious to even state. He was where Tony was. Tony should know that, but he didn’t seem to as he huffed twisting in his seat to reach for the bottle.
"I didn't." Stefen agreed with an air of regret, but he offered no excused and no apology.  Tony couldn't decide if he wanted to punch him in the mouth or kiss him. He was torn between wanting the man to beg for his understanding, and not being able to stomach hearing a single excuse that might come out of his mouth.
He bit the back of his hand to stifle his groan and set a punishing pace as best he could in the close quarters.
Tony felt his lips stretching in a smile he feared was somewhere on the besotted end. His head was full of Stefen, his nose full of the scent of him – of sex and sweat to be sure, but of Stefen – and of the flowers in their vases, and his heart had never felt so heavy or so light all at once. Tony’s eyes slipped closed, an old song humming gently through his mind and a smile curved his lips.
“Okay… but it’s for you. Just for you,” he pried and Ian looked back and forth between Tony and James, uncertain and fidgety as if he were searching for the right answer.
The children filed in behind him, their heads swiveling round to take in the small space that was going to be home for the unforeseeable future. It was a far cry from the villa, but it was empty, and they were safe.
It was a little figurine of a deer. A doe. Fragile but each detail carved to perfection. A beautiful gift.
“To make money for the familia she told fortunes to the gadje wherever they went. She said it was easy to tell a gadje their fortune because they all want to hear the same thing. 'They will be loved one day, they will be admired and respected, and grow rich as Mitus.’ Most importantly, they want it to be easy."
Sara who was tucked into her father’s side, bundled up to her chest in the blanket Stefen had draped over his shoulders, yawned widely before reaching up to pat at her Da’s jaw to get his attention and Bucky’s insides went distressingly melty.
The merchant ship was just one of dozens that passed through the river port on their way to the sea hauling their cargo from one port to another, but Ludy knew it well.
“Am I? I thought I was once...” Stefen trailed off despondently and Tony, finished with his feet, sat up and slid his hands up the captain’s calves, massaging the tight muscle he found there as he considered what to say.
"That could work," Bucky admitted with a soft grunt finally, his eyes flickering over Tony with the briefest sort of mercurial surprise, before he looked over to Stefen "It's mental, but it could actually work.  We could contact Lang. He's got a truck we can use to haul the boat. We park the boat at the rendezvous point. I go in on the day, pretending to be Rossi. Our guy on the inside keeps his end of the deal and causes a crisis. In the middle of the mess nobody's going to want to sort out how many fat friars they were supposed to release."
“How much is this friend paying?” Kirk asked after a long moment of consideration and the tension in Bucky’s stomach eased.
“And that’s exactly who they’re looking for, desperate to get this back.” Coulson replied with a shake of his head. “Recovering the book is top priority for the Abwehr right now, and they know there are moles within the organization. They’re watching all of our agents. Along with anyone who is even so much as rumored to be connected with the resistance effort or who has friends in foreign governments.”
A door slammed shut in the direction of the house and Bucky came back to himself, clamping his hand back over her mouth and going still. Slowly, carefully, Bucky peeked his head around the side of the barn. A man stood at the top of the hill his back turned partly away from them. He’d resting his hands on his lower back and was casting his eyes around the landscape. He called out for the girl, waited a moment, and when there was no answer he turned back toward the house. Even at a distance Bucky could make out the dark bruises on the left side of the man’s face.
That was a fight for the morning though. All Bucky wanted to do was sink into his warm bed and sleep like the dead.  He got the boots off just a as Willamina thrust a warm mug under his nose and he grunted a thank you, taking a sip.
"I see that." Tony remarked, eyeing James and grateful to see that it was one of the evenings when the middle brother had indeed successfully remembered how to dress himself.  James was all buttoned up, and hair slicked back, siting upon his bed with a journal on his lap, drawing quietly. Tony admired the well-developed sketch of his brothers standing before the mirror, noticing that he'd captured the furrow of concentration on Ian's brow with a remarkably deft touch for someone so young.
“Well I’m famished. I for one would eat a steamed boot if Willamina would boil it- hey you’ve left my bags.” Bucky prattled, switching tracks mid-sentence when he noticed Harold had pulled their trunks from the car and picked up Stefen’s but left his.
Drabarni – (romany) Often fills the roles of healer, fortune teller, and midwife. Called the clan wise woman. She carries and passes on knowledge of how plants and other natural forces can be used to combat the unclean (primarily in relation to illness and childbirth).  The Male equivalent would be “drabengro” which means medicine man.
Tony blinked blearily down at the little girl who squirmed in the bed next to him wondering how on earth she’d gotten there before he remembered that she’d joined them in the middle of the night, chased by a bad dream.
“So that’s the score, is it?” Stefen asked with deceptive calm. The hand the captain still had resting upon the table curled into a fist. Pike watched the motion for a moment before his eyes lifted again, meeting Stefen’s gaze.
“No.” Tony reached for him without thinking, halting him by the shoulder and Stefen stopped in his tracks. Tony let his hand flatten against his back, feeling the tension that made it harder than stone beneath his palm and let out a shuddered sigh as he fought down the strange sense of panic he felt.
“We were all in place. Ready for it. We could have ended it all, but Chamberlin backed down at the last moment and made a deal with the Führer. The coup was called off.”
"Why didn't you tell me-" Steve began to demand but a solid punch in the shoulder cut him short as Bucky growled at him.
“The regiment is escorting him to Berlin, for his tour with the Führer. They’re going to inspect us and they want to make a spectacle of it. They want people to see us and be proud of us...and you. They’ll be looking at you too.”
Bucky nodded, filing away the information as he considered Kirk’s words. That at least might explain a few things about Tony. Despite sharing Austrian and German citizenship on paper the man almost went out of his way to flaunt his Italian heritage. He looked it, but he might have been able to downplay that with a change of dress and attitude. Instead he spoke Italian like a native and was unapologetic about his preference for it. He insisted on that pompous facial hair even though no self-respecting German would be seen with it. He even
Bucky risked stopping long enough in the town of Buckenhof to stop in at the local pub and seek out news. If the Germans were still trying to keep Steve’s escape under wraps it meant that Steve was still out there somewhere. But the question was where? He couldn’t have made it much further, not with his injuries, and was likely holed up somewhere; but Bucky couldn’t risk asking too many questions of the wrong people.
Even as he said it Tony felt another twinge of guilt, because he knew it was more than stuffed ears. He’d thought of nothing else but the damn boat for days and pushed everything else aside, including the children. He’d make it up to them he promised himself. For starters, by making sure their father made it home safe from his mission.
. The captain gritted his teeth and for a moment Tony thought he was going to march away just to be obstinate (stubborn goat of a man that he was) but then Rogers caught the gardner’s eye, of all people, and something about Wiess’ expression thankfully got him to turn back to the children and attempt a better parting.
The prospect of freedom gave Steve strength. Adrenaline surging through him Steve lunged, but Dvorak seemed to expect it. He stepped back, bringing up his rifle and prodding it sharply against Steve’s chest in warning and Steve froze.
Even as he thought it, he pushed it away. There was no point. Bucky hadn't been here and neither had he. He should have been. That was the truth. Tony should never have left.
Finally, they rounded the hill and the villa appeared through the trees, stood like a somber widow at the edge of the lake.  Tony couldn't describe what had changed in the weeks since he'd last lain eyes on it, but to him the house looked leached of warmth, the grounds overgrown and shadows creeping across it like reaching fingers. He found himself shivering and for the first time in hours not from the cold.
Because that was the law now, that all boys had to enlist once they turned eighteen. The purpose of their training had been made clear to them because there was nothing to hide. A German boy's purpose was to become the German ideal of the best sort of man. A leader and a fighter. A man like Péter's father.
“Fifteen.” She replied matter of factly as she watched the shops pass by her window. “He thinks himself such a big man. He says that he’s going to become S.S. and be second only to the Führer.”
Steve clenched the knife he held in his hand as Tony boldly declared, “My father was as German as they come, and my mother Italian. I don’t consider myself unfortunate.”
All and all he hadn’t faired too badly for someone who’d fought through a mob. Compared to Tony, who was sure he was black and blue from the beating those men had tried to give him. Tony tasted the fear again in his mouth, stale and bitter. He was so god damn tired of being afraid.
"He needs me." Father said, the words punching out of his chest more like a desperate plea than an explanation.
"It'll only be a minute Péter. We just haven't had much of a chance to talk." There was nothing accusatory in Tony's tone but Péter still felt the need to explain himself.
Ian’s eyes flicked over him in quick darts, looking for signs that he’d been hurt (because sometimes he came home hurt, even though he tried to hide it) and noticed that in the hand that was resting on James back, his father was clutching a gray envelop with a red seal on it.
He ignored Steve’s concerned gaze as he snatched the square from his hands, relief burbling brightly in his chest in the form of laughter as he chuckled and replied with a wink, “Nothing worth having ever is.”
“Yes.” Charlotte sealed the envelope closed with a firm press of her hand.  “I’ve decided to stay out the winter with Aunt Sophie and Uncle Georg. I would appreciate it if you kept that information to yourself. Despite that earnest face, you are terribly good at keeping secrets.”
“It just so happened that Rachel, the daughter of the Rom Baro – that is the one they call the leader of the clan – was having a difficult labor. It had forced them to stop sooner than they’d planned, and her painful cries could be heard throughout the camp. Sara was very gifted with herbs and medicines. When the Phuri Dae learned that she’d delivered her baby without any help, and had kept her baby alive despite the hardships, they struck a deal. If she would help Rachel then Sara and her familia could share their fire for a night.
“Your girls will have been taken to the ghetto with the other Jews. Maybe to one of the work camps already. You know what happens to them there. The only chance for them now is if the Reich is stopped,” Bucky said slowly, pausing until Dvorak’s sniffling had quieted and the other man had lifted his gaze to look back at him. “If you’re any kind of man, eventually you’ll start thinking about putting a bullet in their leader. Big public execution. He’ll be right there and you’ll be close.”
He’d managed to stumble a few feet on his own before it really sank in, his mind slowly but surely getting clearer with the muting of the pain in his body. Dvorak had given him morphine. He was telling him to go because he was letting him go.
Charlotte Schrader was Peggy’s first cousin, and not the sort of woman any man easily forgot, but he found the blue of her eyes too sharp, the softness of her blond hair promised too much when he stood to lose so much else that was precious too him. He hardly knew what to say in her company, and though she never acted as if she minded his shuttered ways, he’d felt sick and at a loss as he’d left her that night.
“His name’s Emil, and Péter volunteered to go on a patrol.” Natacha answered as Bucky pulled away from the curb. For a time they sat in silence and she thought about leaving it at that, but something seemed to have possessed her tongue because she couldn’t keep the words behind her teeth, some devilish curiosity wanting to know what would happen if she told him.
Maria looked at the baroness and then back at him. Squaring her little shoulders as she commanded, “Get Dr. Erskine. He always makes us feel better.”
But somewhere between trading ruined clothes for nightshirts and tucking the children into bed, Steve’s skin prickled, the hair rising on the back of his neck with sudden realization. He couldn’t hear Tony. Virginia and Charlotte where there, Virginia stroking back James bangs and whispering to him softly as she tucked him in. Sara was sound asleep in Charlotte’s arms as she walked in between the makeshift beds, intent on finding an empty space for them. Maria was curled up with Artur, looking like a pair of conjoined twins.
Bucky shivered and Steve moved closer, the lamp post light catching his hair, making it bright and staining it gold as he ducked his head. Hard to imagine the man in front of him had blossomed from the runt Bucky’s mother had given him to watch over. It was no wonder to Bucky that the Germans tripped all over themselves to adore him, but Bucky would be lying if he said he’d never felt a curl of envy about it.
“My office has been watching you a long-time Captain Rogers.”  Coulson answered with surprising bluntness, that light thread of amusement returning to his tone as he added, “I thought you’d appreciate honesty if we’re going to be working together. We intended for Herr Bakhuizen to eventually be brought into these talks anyway, but I did expect this outcome, yes.  It is nice to see that the assessment on you holds up.”
“These are decent. You must be well connected,” he commented, spooning the last of the sauced meat in his tin, using the remaining wedge of bread as a spoon. Carol chuckled.
“Are you looking for Stefen?” she finally asked. “I’m afraid he's overtaxed himself tonight and wishes to stay with the children. They’re in the music room if you’re looking.” She gestured over her shoulder, where the music was coming from. Indeed, Stefen was in the music room. The whole family was there, winding down in the wilting hour at their leisure.  Stefen sat on the piano bench next to Stark, facing out toward the children. He leaned up against Stark’s shoulder, seemingly unbothered by the occasional jostle he received as Stark expertly played for his small audience. Bucky couldn't see from this distance, but Stefen’s relaxed posture, his head tilted just slightly back, suggested his eyes might be closed.
It was late, the fire in the fireplace little more than embers now, and the family abed. Tony poked the embers with one of the iron tools that rested beside the wood pile and tried not to scowl, though he didn’t bother trying to bleach his tone of the irritation he felt. Once again Stefen needed to hear something he did not wish to, and Tony was the only one there to deliver the message.
Not for the first time she wondered why he hadn't told.  As much as it horrified her to think about, it would have been easier if he had. Everyone would hate her, but nowhere near as much as she hated herself.
Tony winced, but what was done was done and really who could blame him for his temper fraying. Weeks of this. Weeks.
The farmer, Otto Hofeiter lived with his wife and children on a small farm, about two or three miles outside of the town center. Bucky had to be careful as the area was still crawling with soldiers, but he managed to glean from the local gossip that the SS had not caught the man they were looking for. The farmer’s daughter had gone missing before their arrival and the SS had been waiting for her upon her return. She’d been taken away and had not returned.
“I won’t.” The girl insisted with bite, as Tony waved Wanda and Pietro up the stairs with the key, promising to follow after them. Only once they’d slipped through the door and out of sight did he turn back to Natacha who had lunged to grasp his arm. She was pale, her face looking somehow pinched and stretched all at once, her hands trembling where they clutched his sleeve.
Coming home from the Greer’s that night Steve was exhausted. All he could think about was putting the children to bed and settling down in the sitting room with the strongest cup of coffee Tony could make him. They’d talked long into the night just that way the night before. It had been pleasant. Even more pleasant bringing Tony into his bed once the house around them had settled.
Steve forced his mouth into a smile. He had never been any good at socializing but she was right. He should be trying harder. Offering her his arm he did his best to carry on a conversation that wouldn’t be classified as stilted.
Ahead at the break in the wall a man stood at the open gate clearing mud and grime from the path with a broom. He paused warily as Steve approached and when he asked what was going on, the fellow gave him a queer look, clearly wondered if Steve had been living under a rock.
"As well as you could expect. But the point is, my friend Bruce has been placed there, to be a Chaplain to the imprisoned men of faith and assure they aren’t being unduly mistreated while the Führer and the Pope come to terms. He says the Germans have abandoned God. That they don't fear anything. Only that's not quite true. Is it?” Tony paused, and when he saw that he had their full attention now he went on. “Hitler fears the people. At least enough to know he has to control them. Religion had them first and it still holds a lot of sway over the common man. He knows it is better if they work together, at least for a time, and for that bloody pact to hold together he needs play a careful game. That is why he has agreed to release a group of monks who were recently arrested."
Somehow Tony doubted Natacha developing a rapport with a circus boy turned monk (who also moonlit as a spy) was what Stefen had had in mind when he’d pleaded with Tony to make sure Natcaha presented herself with the dignity of a proper German girl, poised to join the ranks of the Reich’s ‘League
Sighing, he took the journal from Tony’s hands. On the first page he found pages of script he couldn’t make sense of. Words and numbers that meant nothing to him in long complicated equations. But some of the pages had detailed drawings beside them. Elegant things that seemed to be fighting the constraints of their pages they were so grand in scope.  Designs for engines and bridges and towers, guns and tanks, cities and lights.
“Natacha is doing well.” Tony replied stiffly as Clint’s grin widened and he arched his neck to stare up at the upstairs windows.
"My entire Romani identity is invested in my grandmother and what she taught me, and her identity springs from what her family could pass on to her while simultaneously obscuring their ethnicity and shedding their culture, attempting to avoid the gas chambers or a bullet in a ditch. My beautiful and resourceful great-grandmother decided to re-marry a cruel-but-useful gadjo and bring her three children with her to his farm in the countryside. There are whispers that her papers were forged but the details were lost a long time ago. This saved our line but left holes in our Romanipen. We lost parts of our Roma soul" - Jessica Riedy 2014, Blogger.
Tony continued to conduct them, a grin breaking out over his face as his line of singing ducklings skipped through the square without missing so much as a note.
"You both stick to the plan alright? Or so help me! You could get us all killed if you try and take things into your own hands like you're always doing with Stevie."
Ian would love a drawing like that. Steve could paint him things for his room. Anything he liked. And he could make good on his promise to teach him to play the mandolin.
“Am I the first man you’ve ever had like this?” Tony asked through a dry throat, because it was important, but his throat felt dryer than a desert in the absence of Stefen’s warm and wet mouth. He ran his tongue over his lip, swallowing thickly when Stefen’s gaze zeroed on the movement. A devilish grin widened Tony’s mouth, wonder trickling through him at the realization.
Their bouts of illness, both real and exaggerated, had often removed them from the classroom and their teachers had been all too happy to concur with his parental concern that they needed additional time to catch up due to their long absences.
“Hey,” Tony tugged playfully on Maria’s sleeve, pulling the child’s focus to him. “Don’t just lay there like a sack of potatoes. Make room for your brothers.”
“You might not find them either.” Péter pointed out. The words hurt to say, but they would have hurt more just sitting in his chest. “If our father can’t…”
Grinning, Tony swallowed the last bite of his (admittedly delicious) sandwich and stuck his tongue out, and Ian’s stony expression finally cleared as a chuckle bubbled up out of his chest.
The man blinked slowly at Tony and said nothing, so Tony shook off the unease his stare had caused and whispered as not to wake Natacha, “I might need you to hold him down. The injection will be painful.”
Getting the children to bed that night was easy after such an eventful day. Sara had crashed during the cab ride and the others weren’t far behind. While Tony got the other little ones settled in the bed (shoes off being the only requirement that night) Steve slipped into the room that Péter and Ian were sharing, and watched as the boys sleepily got ready for bed.
Steve nodded, giving the woman’s arm a grateful squeeze and she stepped back just as Herr Hammer reached them. The butler looked a mix of flustered and indignant.
“He sent you here to keep you alive,” Nik answered, pulling Tony out of his dark memories and back to the present. Only the present felt no less dark to Tony. Especially when Nik added, “Yinsen got you here, to keep you alive.”
“We don’t have time for this.” Pepper said into the strained silence that followed, a scold to her tone. She was wrapping Wanda’s wet hair in a dry towel, gently squeezing the dampness out of it.
Tacha gave him a smile but it was hesitant. Péter had gone back to his bowl, almost hunched over it as he ate.
There was just calm now, and the absurd thought that if he really had abandoned all sense and kissed Captain Rogers it would have been a memory worth dying to have.
“I won’t let you do this!” she insisted, her voice growing dangerously in volume as her fingers dug into his sleeve.
Before this war was over, people were going to know that meant something. Starting with old dogs who needed to be taught some new tricks.
He'd fallen asleep almost as soon as he'd put his head down, only to be jostled awake before the sun rose when the police had come to question the abbey brothers about the breakout at the prison.
Tony made no move to remove his own clothing and Steve frowned. Was it the audience they had? Given the circumstances, no one was going to see the action as anything but practical and necessary. So why was Tony just standing there awkwardly?
"There will be no going back." Deiter intervened with a stern snap after the baroness had cast him a helpless look. The children fell silent once more and he felt a twist of sympathy for them. They were only children after all. "Perhaps some music on the radio?" he offered. That would fill the silence and hopefully distract them from stuffed toys and books. But the children did not look enthusiastic, and the little girl missing her bear had begun to cry fat silent tears. Deiter was the one who felt helpless now. He was eternally grateful when the Baroness reached into the back seat to stroke the girl's cheeks clean.
“So you are.” Stefen answered and the rough rasp sent a shiver up Tony’s spine but he couldn’t formulate any sort of reply, not drowning as he was in the hunger burning in the bright blue of Stefen’s eyes like flame, and then without any sort of provocation Stefen surged forward, pulling Tony to him by that firm hand on his waist and crushed their mouths together.
Tony finally managed to scoop up a squirming Sara. He tried to juggle his bicycle and a flailing toddler as he turned back to Péter.
“The boy’s father was a shepherd and had many sheep in his care, which meant the boy and his mother lived very comfortably. But one day the father died… as sometimes happens, and the boy and his mother were left alone. Life became very difficult for them, and even though they both worked very hard they became poor and often very hungry.”
Even now he insisted on shouldering the pain himself. Tony ground his teeth together and gathered the last of the antiseptic, making busy work for himself as Bucky kept chatting, insults flowing from his tongue like affection.  Tony piled the soiled sheets they’d stripped from the bed earlier into his arms and motioned to Bucky before turning to exit.
“Fathers are all the same aren’t they? You’ll always be a child in his eyes.” Faur Greer whispered conspiratorially at Natacha with a wink. “But you’re a natural with my Oliva, and I’m sure you’re eager to have one of your own. My life hasn’t been the same since I had my first. It’s just like the Führer says. Children are what make us noble. A woman should do everything she can to bring children into the world. The more the better.”
of all things. Charlotte wondered bitterly if Peggy had known, when she’d been picking out the finishing and placing the furnishings of this room with such loving devotion, that the man who claimed to love her was a homosexual.
It was only a moment of panic because in the next instant Bucky, who had grown impatient, leaned across the table and grasped a hold of Steve's chin flinched. Steve flinched as Bucky’s cold fingers held him in place.
When they were far enough away from the window of the shop, Bucky wordlessly grabbed Steve by the arm and tugged him toward the alley.  Steve followed without resistance and to his credit he did not bother asking what Bucky meant when he halted them and growled for him to explain.
“Six and twelve are big achievements.” He murmured, his mind back in the dusty tombs of the abbey library, and in one of the hot kitchens of his childhood.  “We’re damn well going to mark them.”
“Speaking plainly gentlemen,” Holmes’ voice cut through the fog of panic swirling in his head and Tony struggled to breathe past the knot in his chest, “There is a future where Steven Grant is allowed to walk away from this. Where he disappears, only remembered in classified records.”
Steve strained, trying to lift himself up but his chest bloomed with agony so bright it was like a firework, even with the numbing cold. He slid into darkness not a second later.
Bucky’s contact was a dutch woman by the name of Janneke Van Dyne. An accomplished singer with a well to do father living in Holland, most of society chose to politely ignore the fact that she was part Siamese for the chance to have the woman lend her beautiful voice to their soirees and gatherings. Which meant she traveled quite a bit and could easily hide something like a letter among her entourage or so Bucky claimed. He wrote to her, asking her to come to Vienna on Steve’s behalf and there was nothing to do in the meanwhile but wait.
Tony’s voice shattered the illusion. It wasn’t Bucky sitting at his right hand, shoulder brushing his, it was Tony, who was looking at Steve with such softness despite the dark circles under his eyes. Trophies from the way Steve had undoubtably kept him up all night.
It was only a few desperate swallows before the captain pulled the glass away, and without breaking eye contact extended his arm to offer what remained in the glass to Tony. Wordlessly Tony accepted the offer, turning the glass so that his lips rested over the same spot that Stefen had drunk from, imagining that he could still taste Stefen lingering there just under the bolder liquor.
He went still a second before Péter hissed for quiet and the cabin was plunged into silence, but for the tiny blaring of the programs host as he read the mornings news.  They didn’t waste any time getting to the juicy bit, the bit that held the attention of the entire nation – and Tony’s heart began to beat faster behind his ribs.
Péter jumped, startled to find that Anamarie had vacated her spot on the grass next to Gwen and was now sitting very close to him. In the dark her upturned eyes gleamed with every flash and burst above their heads. Péter felt like his tongue weighed a thousand pounds. She smiled at him.
James snickered at the sight of it, berry syrup beginning to dribble down his chin and Bucky made a face at him.
“I apologize Captain. It’s a beautifully appointed room. Curiosity got the better of me. Could you blame me?”
"Ouch. Shit! Why you are putting your damn fingers in it?!" Bucky screamed at him, jerking away from the doctor’s hands with a groan and a violent hiss of pain. Richter frowned disapprovingly.
Natacha heard Hortense scurry from the room, but she didn’t look at her or Willamina. Instead she glared at the spot where the pots hung above the sink, her eyeballs hot and itching. Pressure ballooned in her chest, threatening to burst at any moment and she stood there rigid, hands curled into claws, afraid to make even the slightest movement.
Halfway through the day Tony had lost interest in target practice and had begun to pick around in the foliage for things to teach the children about. In fact, he’d found a patch of weeds that looked decidedly like-
The lad who had kicked him caught his eye and then jerked his head toward the structure they’d pulled up beside. Bucky did not think he had seen a sight as welcome as the Rogers family villa in a long while. He moved to get up and groaned at the dull fiery ache that spread up from his injured arm, deciding to give it a moment more for his flesh to warm up. God damn but it was cold.
There was an unexpected feeling of nostalgia for Tony as he walked onto the grounds of saint Péter's.  He'd never been overly fond of the abbey but he had spent twenty years of his life behind its walls he reasoned as his feet crunched over the snow covering the cloister.  Even on a cold day in early winter there were monks walking about, braving the wind and chill in their robes, looking like stalwart penguins as they walked to and fro in small clusters.
They didn’t speak much the rest of the journey home. Bucky was in a pensive mood and she left him to it, having a fair number of thoughts of her own to sort through. The film they’d watched had been another harrowing reminder of the looming threat to her family.
Steve couldn't seem to focus, the children's chatter flitting over him as they cut through the water in their boats.
And it was a man, not a wall, a certainly tall and well-formed man, but just a man all the same. A man with smart dress and a wicked mouth. A mouth that was dipping deeper into an annoyed frown the longer Tony stood their gaping at him like a witless fool.
One by one the rest of the children joined in, pulled by the enthusiasm of their siblings. Even Natacha let Péter pull her off the bed and began to dance with them.
Crumpling the letter with a frustrated grunt Tony turned back to the task of finishing his report to Farkas. Today was the day Farkas had promised to send someone to pick up his report, though Tony had no idea how Farkas was going to manage that without arousing suspicion from the household.
“You were a beginner once too, Natacha. No one ridiculed your elementary mistakes.” He admonished. He was reluctant to embarrass her by scolding in public, but he could not let her go unchallenged. Even if Aleksy had not fully understood, that didn’t mean no harm had been done, and it was a level of cruelty that Tony could not abide, kicking someone when they were already down. “Apologize to Aleksy.”
who protected their homes, and their children, while lesser men grappled for power? I will make no arrest without real evidence!"
And then finally it was time. He heard the rumble first, and then the distant sound of the whistles blow warning the men working on the track of the trains approach. The Forman started barking orders and the men scrambled to distance themselves from the side closest to the completed track. The smartest had already started lining up at the truck for water, but Tony had carefully rationed his last haul so that it wasn't more than a minute or two before every last drop had been drained from his barrels.
"What was it, protecting me from myself again?" he heard himself ask, because apparently the side of him that needed to pick things apart was stronger than the side that just wanted the ache to let up.
Fennhoff bent down, one hand on James and Artur’s shoulders as he said something that caused the group of children to snicker. The hair on the back of Steve’s neck rose on end, eyes locked on the large hands laying on the shoulders of his sons.
Tony thought of all that Péter had lost over the years, all that he had been through recently and he thought he understood. Tony’s memory had always been sharp enough to preserve the past on its own, perfect as pictures. Sometimes he hated it, true enough, but he didn’t know what he’d do if he one day got his wish. If the memories started to fade and he found himself no longer able to perfectly recall the curve of his mother’s face or the slightly crooked way that Jarvis smiled.  There was more here than just a hobby for Péter.
ones, and that no matter what kind of love or lust had driven Hughard Stark into the arms of an Italian Jewess, Antony Eduard Stark was in no way allowed to be anything but a proper German boy.
Bucky had to smile when Sara rushed over to her teacher, who was still sitting behind the piano bench, with raised arms in wordless demand. Stark rolled his eyes in Bucky’s direction but still pulled the small girl close and lifted her up onto the bench beside him. She looked happy to be there.
“Elephants?” Natacha, catching on to the game, suggested dryly with a sardonic lift of one red eyebrow and Tony’s mouth lifted in an answering smirk.
His presence on this journey was more unsettling still. Fischer was not just the chief doctor at the state Sanitarium, he was the personal physician of more than several high-ranking S.S. officers, including Himmler.  And yet all it took was Rogers catching a cold to send one of the Reich's best off to the backwoods of Salzburgland?
"That is why my men must question his household!" the agent insisted not for the first time, jabbing a finger angrily against the closed report. "Our hands are being tied until an official arrest is made! The German people deserve -"
Outwardly Steve looked fine standing in a corner with Charlotte, playing host to her parents and the usual gaggle of hangers on, adversaries and admirers alike. But a closer inspection was all it took to notice the pallor to his skin and the dark bruise on his chin that even Pepper’s best powder was struggling to hide. There was a terrible tension in the way that he held himself, like a tree being cut away at the base seconds from toppling.
“You have to ask me that, after everything they’ve done?” Tony asked, pausing his ministrations to stare hard at Bruce who stared back, eyes searching his.
A fine partner Tony was. He was supposed to be the experienced one, and here he’d completely lost his head and let Stefen rush them headlong into a sexual affair he was clearly not prepared for. It was the thought of Stefen hurt in some way that the eyes could not see that kept Tony calm, kept his heart beating steadily even when Stefen did not respond to his pulling away. Tony made his way over to the bathing room and grabbed one of the fine towels stacked on the shelf above the sink. He wet it and quickly went about the business of cleaning himself up, and once finished returned quickly to the living room to find the captain had slumped down into the couch cushions like a boneless ragdoll.
He couldn’t just go up and knock could he? But he couldn’t very well break in either. Oh stuff it! He was cold, wet, and the gash on his cheek from his last crash with the sled was stinging. The rest of his face had gone numb long ago and his teeth were starting to chatter again now that he’d stopped moving. Desperate and determined, Ian pushed the sled under the fence and crawled after it on his hands and knees.
“Stefen. Stefen, it’s not her.” Tony said and Steve turned his head fast with a snarl to look again – because Tony was
“I'm surprised it took so long,” Steve grumbled. He looked up just in time to catch Maria’s worried glance and he tried to gentle his expression.
Still he watched, holding his breath as he waited to see what Natacha would do. He should not have felt as if the entire world hinged upon her answer. She was a young woman just beginning to flower, and young men were going to take notice. Surely this was not the end of the world.
“He’s not a Nazi and I never said there wouldn’t be risk”. Nik gestured for him to take the envelope again and Tony sighed snatching it from the Abbot's hand, impatiently extracting the letter within and flipping it open. While he took note of the Captains tight but no less messy for it scrawl – it spoke of common breeding, of a little boy whose days had likely been spent in farm and field rather than under the guide of tutors –  he admittedly skimmed through most of it. The last few lines caught his eye, and he immediately saw the bait on the hook for what it was.
“Enough. Let’s light it shall we?” he announced, holding up the little menorah like a prize. “This is the festival of lights after all.”
Antony Stark was lucky that Steve was a man of caution, whose military experience had taught him to heavily rely on strategy, because as he’d hurried toward the sound of his children's hollering voices he’d wanted to rush in, shoot first and ask questions later, but instead he’d crept forward with singular focus and silently cracked open the door to assess the situation and formulate a plan of attack.
Tony filled a syringe with the binding agent and straightened, his back groaning in protest after having been stooped over for hours, and he met Péter’s expectant gaze. Tony instructed him on how to properly store the rest of the solution and the boy nodded, wiping sweat from his brow with a shaky hand. He looked paler than usual and downright exhausted. Tony hoped he’d remember to have someone make sure he went to bed. There was nothing more to do for his father now besides wait.
“Do you have my bag?” Tony asked, the tension in his stomach easing somewhat now that they were well away, with no sign of pursuit. Grig nodded, leaning down and reaching toward the floor to come back up a moment later with a plain satchel in hand.
The clock was ticking downward. It never stopped for Steve, and after dinner that night it was only ticking more insistently in the back of his mind. He’d tried to get ahead of the threat for that very reason, but no matter what he did it seemed he could never fully think ahead of Stark.
Captain Rogers stared at the picture of himself on the blanket with his family like someone witnessing an old friend come back from the dead, moisture welling at the corner of his eyes until he blinked it away. He blinked once more, coming back to the present and looked at Tony, a wealth of emotion swimming in his eyes as he asked, “How is this possible?”
He hummed as if he were thinking it over when in reality he was dragging up the southern French his mother had drilled into him (he was in for a lot of studying himself it seemed). Natacha waited, her frame humming with suppressed eagerness.
“Frau Hogan is the one to speak to, Herr Stark, but I warn you she wholeheartedly agrees with me on the matter. There is no need. It would simply be a waste of money.”
The orgasm hit him suddenly, the pleasure an exquisite agony that crashed through his entire body and left him boneless. He spilled all over himself, a hot stickiness flooding his briefs. Stefen continued to thrust against him, turning the pleasure sharp with overstimulation but Tony did not resist it. He watched Stefen chase his pleasure, watched as he stared down at Tony through the fall of his sweat slick hair, fevered gaze almost vacant as he panted for breath; and thought that he was more beautiful in this one moment than he’d ever seen him.
together, and there was something very enthralling about sitting next to the warm glow of the fire listening to their old stories, wrapped up in their warm familiarity.
He propped his head on his hand. What had Ian done yesterday? After breakfast the children had gone outside to exercise and then…
Oh Péter. Tony thought with despair, closing his eyes. He rocked back and forth, no longer sure if it was to comfort the child in his arms or himself. So that had been what he’d seen the two boys arguing about on the terrace. He should have asked sooner. Made Péter tell him. He should have seen this coming.
In the quieter moments, between when the effects of the drugs had waned and the next round of experiments began, familiar calloused fingers would grip Steve’s jaw, everything else but that touch melting into oblivion.
Fil promised that Antony would receive an appropriately harsh assignment for his trespasses and Tiberius seemed to accept that, sweeping away in a dignified and well-practiced swirl of robes and Nik rolled his eyes heavenward.
She looked hungrily at him for confirmation when she said it, and Ian wanted to yell at her. How stupid could she be, insulting his father in one breath and complimenting him in the next? As if he should be happy to call his da an old fool and brag about how much better he was going to be.
“Where?” Olasz interjected as Steve’s heart sank. The ambassador’s death would do nothing to ease the tension in the public. Hasenkamp let out a frustrated sigh.
"I've had enough of this Stefen. We have to fetch a doctor" she snapped suddenly as if Steve had argued with her, but knowing Steve the way he did Bucky didn't doubt that if he'd been feeling ill before this that he'd have argued.
“Tony, what-?” Steve managed, surprise making him stupid as he blinked at the other man who was now holding his daughter as if Steve were the devil himself and intent on grabbing her.
Bucky’s father used to have this horse he’d called Grandfather, with a glare on him and a hind kick to bash a man’s head in; but he was sweet as anything for a bit of food. Terrible temper if you forgot your offering.
“My father is not a traitor. H-he’s sick. Can’t you see? He fought for so long and he’s had to be so strong, raising us without Mother. He needs help.”
The oldest boy jumped in with her, smiling encouragingly at the baby girl who was still crying about her bear but was staring at them both now. Considering.
“Tony?” a little voice that Tony would have called sweet at any other hour whined. “I have to use the bathroom.”
But they must talk, sooner or later. And when they did, Tony rather thought the Captain would put an end to what was growing between them for good, as he would be wise to do. Still, Tony couldn’t say he wasn’t holding on to the sweet hope of promise he’d glimpsed in Stefen’s eyes when he’d begged Tony to attend that dinner in Berlin with him (when he’d promised that Tony could do or see whatever he wanted, have whatever pleased him). The same promise he’d seen again in every hungry stare Tony had caught pinned on him from across a table or a room since they’d shared that damnably short kiss.
"We thought you might like some dinner.” He offered Tony a small crust of bread and a cut of cheese that must have come from the rations Bucky had stocked. There was a small ice box built beneath one of the seats in the back. Tony had tried hard to think of everything they'd need. It was a fourteen-hour journey to the abbey, and days beyond that to Belgium.
“Artur, eat your food.” Steve commanded softly. “And don't encourage him,” he added under his breath bitterly. Rather than listen Artur sank further into his seat glancing back and forth between his siblings, one hand straying to his mouth with anxiousness.
" Tony stressed the name, the one that mattered (not the name on his papers, not the name of the soldier). Tony grasped the man’s elbows and pled in earnest.
Artur snorted loudly and then coughed as he choked on a mouthful of ice-cream. The others couldn’t help but laugh at the sound, but Tony became concerned when Artur continued to cough, his face screwing up with discomfort. Tony reached for him to begin patting his back, anxious that perhaps a piece of his cone had become lodged in his throat.
“The start of term. If you like,“ Steve added, though he knew it wasn't necessary. A barely suppressed grin was already spreading over Péter’s face.
Five days since Christmas, and Bucky’s tail was still dogging his heels. It was starting to make him jumpy – and the thing was, he couldn’t rightly discern if there really was a reason for it, or if it was just his own paranoia. With the Führer’s strategy book fallen into enemy hands there was no reason for the Abwehr not to pull out all the stops to get it back, but they weren’t. They hadn’t touched Bucky.
“We have to survive them. We owe it to the children.” Charlotte added as Father turned away again, their voices drifting as they hurried down the stairs, continuing to bicker.
“I’m certain this conversation is a delight, but for those of us that don't speak Polish it's far from it.” Stark interjected, his voice echoing harshly in Bucky’s head. “It’s Christmas morning. Either calm down or take whatever this is outside.”
“Beutlin is a retired academic who devotes most of his time to the translation of texts written in dead languages.”
Hughard Stark was a hero and any number of people were willing to talk about the company, but few knew anything of value about the man’s life, or about his son’s. Some people had even managed to forget that HughardStark had even had a kid!
Jaw tightening Steve resisted the urge to check the pocket of his jacket for his pistol. It was there. He was ready if those men came back. They were sitting targets out here.
They’d parked the truck across the road. It was one of only two between the lake district and the main road headed for Germany. They couldn’t be sure no matter what they did which route Tony’s escort would take from the house, but their contact at the naval office believed it would be this one. The country roads were less congested and there were strict orders to deliver Stark to Hamburg as promptly as possible. Bucky just hoped their intel could be trusted.
It was the most fun Tony had ever had at Christmas time, but too soon it was time to herd the children inside for bathes, skillfully avoiding the sitting room as they went. Once they were clean and dressed, they all trounced down the stairs for dinner, which Charlotte had set to roasting while the children washed up.
"I'm afraid this one's been sitting out for a while, Captain, for me and the maids, but it's fresh." She apologized and Stefen looked uncomfortable and guilty all at once as he nodded shortly in reply.
“I’d gathered as much.” Tony murmured, sliding his hands over the sensitive skin of Stefen’s thigh in an effort to sooth, even as he pressed. “But those weren't the dreams I was talking about.” Stefen tensed under his hands.
“Nothing is as it ‘should be’ Cap,” he scoffed taking another deep swig from the bottle. Steve watch the liquid go down, tensing. Any other day this kind of behavior would have angered him but tonight it felt like a test.
What a waste it all was. Rogers had gorgeous women all but biting each other to get at him, seven children, fame and glory on and off the battle field. He could have been a General by now if he'd not taken time off, slowed down his career to have a family. As much as it pained Dvořák to admit it now, but Rogers could have been in Hitler's right pocket.
“I’m to be his wife, Mother.” Charlotte smiled, but it was a brittle little thing with a sardonic twist. “I could hardly call myself loving him running from rumors of disloyalty. But if we’re being perfectly honest with one another, I’d find it very difficult to love him if they weren’t true.”
The Rogers family are face with some hard choices and harder goodbyes when they are forced to risk crossing the border by transport.
"I regret to say that I can no longer agree to marry you, Major Rogers." She replied blinking back the sting of tears. She pulled the engagement ring he'd gifted her from her finger and set it gently on the desk. Her hand felt so much lighter without it and it was horrible.
Steve wanted to protest, but he realized too late that his eyes had drifted shut, exhausted sleep claiming him far faster than he could have imagined.
Steve blinked, finding himself standing before a square two-level house at the edge of the square. He hadn’t meant to walk there, or to leave Tony’s side, but here he was all the same. The stone house was like all the houses in this section of the city, old, the rock crumbling in places but the red slates on the roof looked newer than not. Whoever lived here made a respectable income. There was a small girl standing on the cobbled street, leaning against the lantern, facing the house. Her dark hair was in need of a brush, her dress in desperate need of washing and a hot iron, and there were holes in her stockings.  Yet she sang.
Bucky's eyes flickered toward the nearest armed officer, who was looking admittedly very bored watching the people hustle around him, each of them giving him a noticeably wide berth. Clinton laughed, all white teeth and wide smirk.
Péter looked up as Natacha closed the door to his room, a magazine tucked under her arm and two glasses of Fruchtschorle balanced on a tray.
He was barley managing to do it now. The children had gone terribly clingy, prone to break out into tears and distress at the thought of being separated from each other or if Steve was out of their sight for too long.  But Tony couldn’t seem to sit still (damn him).  They’d all be settled in one room where Stefen could watch them and all the entrances, he’d turn for a second and Tony would disappear out of his view and Steve would lose his breath.
With the shutters closed, and no fire lit in the fireplace, the only source of light spilled in from the open door behind Steve, illuminating the lone table and chairs pushed against the kitchen wall. The room was a patchwork of shadows, and though his gaze dove desperately into each one, willing his family to appear, his vision blurred with burning tears.
Hitler Youth just like the ones who now filled the great hall of the Führer’s winter home, along with Ian and the younger boys from the Jungvolk. There were rows of them. The best of them, or so everyone said. Row upon row of blond heads. Muscles taut, eyes blank, all facing the Führer who was standing on a podium at the front for the room festooned with laurel leaves and swastikas. He was flanked by Himmler, Göring, and the other party leaders giving a speech that Ian was doing his best to block out.
Steve was bone tired, but he’d woken just as the sun began to brighten the sky the same way he did every morning, and he set about dressing for his morning exercise regime with the same steadiness. He could not afford to be dissuaded, even by the weather. The war would come regardless of whether or not he was training with his men.
"Leave by the river.” The Tony declared, the solution coming to him with sudden clarity. He could see it all now. “They won't expect it. Even if they do they'll be on foot. You'll have a head start, the best engine I can make you and you won’t be leaving a trail they can easily follow."
Tony didn’t know. He was so torn… so deeply terrified of making the wrong choice. If something happened to Stefen or any of the children, and it was because of him? It made him weak with fear. He took a deep breath, thoughts racing inside his head.
"Stefen,” he heard her whisper and the name caught a little in her throat and the intimacy of it tugged at the part of Dvorak that was usually reserved for his sweet Helene and their little Rene. He shifted his weight from one foot to the other, casting his eyes away from the private moment.
The older boy was telling James some story about how his elder brother had once seen a man who could juggle knives and breathe fire at Oktoberfest, and wasn't James a lucky little toad to get to go. The younger boy seemed to think so, swelling up with so much smugness he truly did resemble a toad as he proclaimed he'd heard the Führer himself was going to be there this year.
Release crashed through him in a wave of brilliance and Tony was glad for the hand Stefen pressed against his mouth, silencing the cry he didn’t have the mind or the capability to hold back. Stefen thrust against him a few more times and then his release was spilling hot over their skin, mixing with the mess Tony had already made and the sound of his harsh breathing punching out of his chest was beautiful in the quiet of the room.
“We won’t go back!” the boy cried. Tony noticed that he had a small butter knife clutched tightly in his fist. He didn’t stop to wonder when Pietro had snatched it from the table or why he was carrying it on his person. He strode across the room towards the covered table where the radio he and Péter had built still sat. It would be a tight fit but Wanda and Pietro were both slight.
Pepper nodded quickly and hurried from the room, presumably to gather whatever supplies it was that Stefen was referring to. Tony wouldn’t know. Stefen had not chosen to disclose the details with him.
All that he found was a loose hair pin, courtesy of Natacha or Pepper no doubt, but that was a treasure find in and of itself, Tony thought, eyeing the small chest again.
Tony turned at the sound of a loud scoff, to find James leaning forward in his chair, hands gripping his pencil in a death grip.
And sure, little Maria’s dark hair and dark eyes could be attributed to her mother when she was locked inside the house all day keeping pale as a ghost, but under the summer sun?
Striker pinned the insignia upon his father’s chest, pushing the pin until it was stationary. If Ian hadn’t been so close or paying such close attention he would have missed the way his father flinched. It was just a slight ticking in his eyebrows, a tensing in his shoulders, but it was enough to tell Ian that the General had punctured through to his skin. He knew his da well enough to know he was dangerously close to losing his temper.
“Stay right with me.” he repeated, pressing into her cheek with his own. He could feel her nod, her arms hugging his neck. Steve stood and looked around for a quick exit. Anyplace where -
"Stupid." Tony heard her mutter under her breath before she leaned down to fetch Bakhuizen's violin from where he'd rested it near his feet. "Will you teach it to us uncle James?"
Tony blinked, surprised to be reminded that the man actually had a name other than Bucky and Bakhuizen looked just as momentarily startled as he was. There was something very refined about her in that moment but equally young for it. A sweetness that made it hard not to feel shamefaced at their crass humor. Tony thought that if he squinted, the layers of time would peel away and he could see the woman that Margrit Rogers had been as clearly as he could see the woman that Natacha Rogers would be, and it was as lovely a vision as it was frightening.
Tony stared at the man for a long moment, but when Stefen just stared back, non-pulsed he set his cup down decidedly and rose from his chair. He sat himself on Stefen’s lap, his mouth curling into a smile at the way Stefen’s pupils widened and he seemed to hold his breath before Tony claimed his lips in a slow and
“Weren't you the one who needed more supplies?” Stefen teased, keeping the parcels locked close to his chest.
Steve coughed again, his throat ripping anew with the violence of it and he thrust the blanket away, struggling out of it as he choked and gasped for air. When the fit had subsided enough, Steve looked up at the pair from where he knelt, the blanket drooping over his shoulders.
Perhaps they were too personal in nature for Stefen to feel comfortable leaving them out were anyone could find. He was considering stopping and putting the portfolio away until he found the first sketch of himself, leaning against the hood of the old family car, sleeves rolled up and mid grin. His focus was on Harold, though Harold was not depicted in the sketch. He remembered the day and the conversation. He’d been teasing Hogan about his endlessly optimistic outlook.
“He’s the Supreme Leader of Germany. He deserves to stand trial!” Private Johan’s looked appalled at the direction the conversation had taken.
His eyes wandered over the windows as he played, over the paintings, never really landing on anything, lost to the music.
The morning of their last day in Vienna Tony was up before the others. A rare turn of events what with Stefen’s habit of rising with the dawn, but bad dreams (mostly unremembered) had woken Tony before first light. He’d laid in the dark for a bit, catching his breath, before carefully rising so as not to wake Stefen and the children.
“That’s what they’re saying, Captain. I could drive you two tonight but it would be hard going. I wouldn't do it on your own.” He nodded at his wife.
Steve took a ragged breath and pushed back the flyaway hairs from his daughter’s forehead. His hands still shook no matter how fiercely he willed them to stop, but she was fine, he told himself again. Maria was fine. She was fine.
Stupid bastard, Steve thought fondly, but Bucky’s easy charm seemed to do little too appease Kurt’s curiosity.
"I meant it, Stefen. I meant everything" Tony murmured, the rasp in his voice not quite hiding the tremble that ran through it. Steve leaned forward until Tony's forehead rested against his own. He closed his eyes as anxious hope swelled inside him.
"I loved a man once who was out of my reach, and I know why you might choose to love such a man anyway. Even if it means your heart breaks." Virgina explained, her tone unbearably patient. Charlotte laughed again, the sound harsh in the stillness between them, because what did Virginia, whose husband looked at her as if she were the sun the moon and all the stars in-between, know about loving a man who only wanted her for rescue? A man who took and took and took from her even when he knew he'd never choose her?
Far from getting them to relax like he had hoped the Rogers children - in perfect synchronization mind you - went into parade rest. He was apparently going to have to work very hard to see if there were indeed really any children living in the Rogers household, or if they had all been replaced by astoundingly impressive androids.
Except, Tony was desperately tired of being alone in the world. He wanted… well he wanted a great many things, including what lay behind him at the home of Captain Rogers. He knew the difference between dreams and reality, but Vienna had also served to light this unbankable flame of hope inside him that somehow someway he could hold onto Stefen and the children. But first thing first, he had to take his own advice and stop running from the past.
"By the shed? Are you certain?" He asked the child carefully and Sara nodded, sleep rumpled curls tumbling.
Artur’s whole face turned red as the breath was driven from his stomach and his grip on the vest slackened. James pulled it away, his face spreading into a triumphant grin. It was short lived, because Artur, cheeks puffed with rage, tackled him headfirst. His curled fists swung like windmills as he shouted to bring the roof down around them.
“Stefen...” Charlotte called his name again, like she’d been calling it before. “Stefen, I know how it feels, but they should be in their own beds. Things will not be normal again until they return to their routine and see that it is safe.”
(German) Christ child. The tradition of the baby jesus bringing gifts on Christmas eve was started by Martin Luther during the Protestant Reformation in 16th–17th-century Europe. By the 1900’s the image of the Christkindl had morphed from a baby into an angel figure in many places.
If they’d met sooner. After the war. Before he’d married. If Tony could have met him back when he was fresh and broken from the war… he’d not have let Stefen get away with hiding so many wounds. He’d not have allowed him to think he must carry them all alone. He wouldn’t have left him alone in his head, with only ideals to keep him standing.
Péter immediately frowned, finally tearing his eyes away from the half-constructed vessel long enough to pin Tony with a suspicious stare.
“The police came. Somebody tipped them off.” Tony explained quietly and Bucky’s eyes flew back to him. Steve tensed, already knowing what Bucky was going to say.
It was Hammer’s turn to be glared at as Sara’s wobbling mouth finally fell open in a loud sob at the announcement that they would be taken from their father and not allowed to see him leave. It was like someone had declared bedlam as suddenly Maria was sobbing into her hands and Artur, blinking back tears of his own, turned with the intention to run off heaven only knew where.
They could have been on the road for days, or only a few hours, but he had no means of keeping time. His head was fogged with pain and the ache in his body made every second drag on for an age. He knew on some level that this was the end, his chances for escape had dwindled to nothing, but with rational thought driven from his mind there was nothing left but raw instinct.
Work camps full of Roma, piled on top of each other. Festering in shit and sick, where they’d been dumped until they died. Unlike the Jews in the ghettos there was no counting how many of them had died. Jews might be subhuman in the eyes of the Reich, infected dogs to their human counterparts, but the Roma… they were just the garbage someone had been tasked to sweep away at the end of the night. No one bothered to keep numbers. There were no books full of names and birthdates, no accounts of who they’d been and where they’d been sent. They were all just vanishing… as if they had never been.
“Prudentia is often depicted holding a mirror and a snake, because she reflects the best and the worst of what it means to be shrewd. Prudence is the principle of ethical duality within our nature. She has an unbreakable bond with justice, who is blind. They are paired because justice does not aim true without prudence and prudence must always be grounded by the desire for justice. I truly believe that no matter what darkness you encounter in this world Natacha, or within yourself, that your heart will always be called to the side of justice.”
The boy leaning against the brick façade of the hotel exterior jutted one blunt nailed hand in front of Stefen, baring his entry into the bar. It was a strategy Steve recognized from his own days of begging, which forced the person to either nock you aside or dig in their pockets for some coin to give you. Stefen had suffered many bruised wrists in his day, but for every bastard willing to smack some young boys hand out of his way there was some soft-hearted woman to chastise him.
She wondered if it was as cold in Poland as it was sitting beneath the window beside the stove, the one with the crumbling mortar that leaked hot air from the kitchen.  It was easy somehow to imagine Péter alone somewhere, shivering and missing home. It wasn't ideal, and it wasn't the other thing, which meant it suited her just fine.
He glared at her and she stared back, daring him to do his worst. Oh, there was so much worse that Steve wanted to do, consequences be damned, but broken head or no he was still an expert strategist. This opponent would make him lose everything he had before she ever folded.
The end, when it came was like a lot of endings. No matter how many warning signs there were, or how prepared they tried to make themselves, there was no preparing them for when the trap sprung. It happened barley two days after the baroness had departed. They'd put the children to bed that night and Tony had gone to the captain’s room for a glass of schnapps and the evening chat that never ended, as he did most nights. He was well in the habit by now of waking before the maids arrived, and with Stefen's dedication to early morning exercises he had a ready excuse for being in the captain's room in the wee hours of morning.
“I heard you Emil, only it’s awfully close to curfew and my Father does worry,” she demurred, looking past the young man’s broad shoulders for any sight of Harold with the car or Péter emerging with his group from the cinema.
Underneath the marks was a crudely drawn etching of a horse, already beginning to wear away. He wasn't sure why he’d decided to draw it in the first place, it had cost him part of his left thumb nail.
“Are you nervous Frauline?” Agneta, her housekeeper, asked and Charlotte smoothed the nonexistent wrinkles in the skirt of her dress.
"I wrote it exactly as he said it, but I’m not sure I heard it right and he was in such a rush. It all sounded like gibberish." She fretted, biting her pink lower lip and wringing her hands.
Bucky saw the moment the idea seemed to catch and take hold inside the other man and grit his teeth. It was risky to even bring it up, but Bucky was certain Dvorak would have gotten there on his own eventually and he needed to dissuade him from that path while he still had a chance.
Stanislov was caging him, Tony realized. He was making it impossible for Tony to deny his brilliance at the same time he was making himself irreplaceable.
“I’m sorry,” Steve coughed out, the sound wet and filled with pain. His teeth were bloody. “M’sorry Bucky.”
"They would be safer in Switzerland. The university in Geneva is still very interested in Péter. The other children could stay together while I continue their schooling-"
Because he did know. He hadn’t forgotten, not even when he’d shut Bucky out. Not really. He’d just been in so much pain, and so selfish with it. He didn’t know how to make up for a slight of that magnitude. There weren’t enough words.
Steve stared at him in shock and Tony steeled himself in anticipation for another argument and Steve growled.
"How can you even look at me as you say that, as if you had no fear at all? It's pathetic." She shrugged his hand loose, her mouth twisting up hatefully around the words; because that was the truth of it. No matter how deeply he'd hurt her she'd never bring herself to betray him the way he deserved. It was all very pathetic.
"You talking to me or the half-pint?" Bucky questioned, hands flying to the back of his skull to pat down the mess he found back there with a groan. "Christ."
He'd well and truly damned himself now. Damned them both, but he couldn't bring himself to care and the pressure against his hip told him no tales of regret either.
If Stefen wanted to speak to her he could damn well do it himself. The baroness deserved to hear from her little cousins (soon to be her own children) and of course from her fiancé, but Tony couldn't bring himself to care about navigating that infuriating (and vaguely incestuous) tangle of relational ties; not when not even twenty-four hours ago a man had tried to brain him over the head with a pipe simply for
"I won't." Steve swore. "I may have to pretend. At least until the children are secure, but I will not fight for them Bucky."
He’d thrust open the canopy so that the light streaming in from the windows pierced Tony’s eyeballs.  Tony closed his eyes, a pathetic sound whimpering past his lips and he could practically feel Bakhuizen’s smirk.
“A woman could find herself married, grandmothered, and in the grave waiting on you James,” Virginia replied drolly and Steve bit back a chuckle.
“All.” Holmes confirmed without embellishment. Pain splintered through Tony as he remembered the Hogans.
“Tony,” warning rang in Steve’s voice as he pushed himself up on shaking arms. He had to know how close to the edge Bucky was. It was funny really. Stevie still knew him best.
“Thank you. She had to leave her toys behind.” The woman explained in a soft voice. She bent down and whispered to the girl encouragingly, “What do you say to the nice man Becca?”
“James Rogers!” Tony barked, snatching at the back of James collar, swinging him around and grabbing his arms. “DO NOT THR-”
It was only a little way from the town, but even still it was a bit of a trek and the children were lagging what with the bundles of supplies tied to the back of their bikes. He couldn’t help but think he should have done things the other way around and taken them to lunch in the clearing first. The things you know after the fact.
“Done.” Tony exclaimed, hands shaking slightly in excitement as he jumped up. He followed the other four out the door, remembering the suitcase at the last moment and dashing back inside for it.
He could see the way they balked at his presence. Even his oldest were uneasy around him. It tore at him, kept him up at night, the distance that gaped between them... but it was necessary. He had no time to make them understand. They were too young to understand the dangers of the world they found themselves in and as far as Steve was concerned the less they knew the better.
She didn’t stay on the phone long, not wishing to clog up the lines any more than they had to with so many people trying to connect with loved ones. She would send Harold with the car as soon as the roads cleared up. He rejected her attempt to call for the baroness. Tony didn't have the energy to try and convince Stefen to leave his post and certainly none to field comforting the man’s fiancé on his behalf.
Peter let out a breath of air that maybe was a laugh, maybe not, and turned to look at him. Rubbing the back of his neck he said, “I guess you’ll be the man of the house now, Ian.”
taught her, and his flesh gave beneath hers and sent pain through her hand and all the way up her arm.
“Every time I'd make a mistake he'd be there with a bucket and brush and the longest hallways always left filthy just for me. I spent most of my twenties on my knees.”
,” he began to explain quietly. “When our boys are betrothed, they use all their wealth to make them for the girl who is going to walk with him, to show the world she is worth more than material treasure. But it uh… has a spiritual side too.” Stefen hesitated and Tony raised his brow, curious. The captain cleared his throat and went on nervously. “Some Rom they uh, they believe that until a girl is matched her soul is in danger of corruption and being lost without purpose.”
A tear rolled down his cheek and onto his palm. James blinked furiously and shook it away. He lay there staring at the wall glaring at it, glad no one had seen him crying like a baby. He flinched when a hand touched his back, smoothing out and rubbing gently like a mother would her child. Like his mother used to do.
When Bucky made no indication he was going to move it Steve pushed the tray further still. It was then that he noticed there were three envelopes tucked neatly together against the coffee pot, narrowly missing falling into the food.
This particular piece to Stefen’s puzzle had been on Tony’s thoughts for weeks now, and on this morning – the last morning – he found little reason not to ask. The captain blinked once more, his lips tightening as he considered whether or not to answer. Tony waited, unusually patient.
“If we can get a letter out, we can establish a line of communication between ourselves and the Austrian resistance effort.”
"Be my partner for the three-legged race!" Artur begged, tugging upon Steve’s hand as soon as he reached him. Glancing around Steve noticed that James had already abducted Bucky and was hauling him toward where Cameron’s father Joshua was passing out old neck ties to the eager pairs who were excited to begin the next game and win something from the table of baked goods set aside as prizes.
Steve wanted to keep yelling all the reasons why Tony should do more than stick close. He was a target for god’s sake! A Jew. Hadn’t he seen! Had he forgotten already, the blows he’d suffered thanks to men who only suspected?! If anyone knew for sure… if any one of the staff got suspicious - for a wild moment, Steve’s thoughts raced through his staff, then flew to Charlotte’s maid, and then Charlotte herself. Neither had much love for Tony and Charlotte was already curious about him. Steve shuddered.
“I asked but Julia's busy,” and before he could stop himself he added hastily to the lie. "So are Greta and the other maids"
“Our office has not been able to determine their point of origin or to break the code to determine their contents,” Coulson said, causally as if he hadn’t likely had a direct hand in delaying their progress and Tony smirked despite his unease.
“Your father intended you to return home after the first war, but in case of the worst he left provisions for your upkeep and continued safety here.” Nik said, and Tony was quick to try and stave off whatever as yet unspoken ‘but’ was attached to the end of that statement.
“Learn a lesson from it then and shut up.” a voice said in the darkness and Steve whipped his head around and glared, finally catching sight of the one who’d spoken. The man glared back at him, but the look in his eye made Steve fall quiet again backing down from the challenge. The other man was half dead already, but desperately clinging to what little of life was left of him.
"Does it still hurt?" Stefen finally asked, voice low and soft in the dark, and Tony heard the things not said. Did I scar you? Am I as monstrous as I feel?
The disappointment all but sucked the air out of Tony’s chest. He didn’t have to look at the children to know they felt the same. Maria sniffled.
“This is science dear girl! A process of trial and error. Better reduce the needles to a single cup.”
“Did you have fun with your friends?” Tony asked him, and Péter shrugged his shoulders without replying. He continued to toy with the camera in his hands and the silence grew heavier. Something must have gone wrong with Harry, Tony thought, but Péter’s unusually stony silence did not inspire confidence he was ready or willing to talk about it.
"Hey! You there." A voice called sharply and Péter realizing in an instant of shaking legs and pounding heart finding none of his father's bravery and ease with command, in a split moments decision decided to try and be somebody else instead.
The cabin was small. The walls dark cherry wood, were lined with various animal parts and the hunting tools of a bachelor. There was a kitchen with a sink, a small pantry and a little wooden table just below a window to the right of the door. An open stretch of floor covered by a fur rug was between it and the large wood framed bed that took up the length of the opposite end of the house. There was a large fireplace between the two ends with a rocking chair set beside it, and just to the left of the door Tony spotted the rickety looking ladder that led up to a square opening, into what Tony could only presume was the loft.
It should have been terrifying but somehow it wasn’t.  It was too right to hold that knife in her hand and learn to use it as Bucky had learned. The way he said he’d taught his sister and the same tricks he and Father had shown her mother. He said Mother preferred a pistol but Natacha liked the feel of the knife.
Steve gets his family safely to British territory only to discover it is not the safe haven he was promised. War changes people. Just ask Steven Grant.
"I'm sure we'd all be more comforted by that if your definition of fine didn't leave so much to be desired." Tony muttered under his breath, which Steve pointedly ignored. Grumbling something unintelligible, Tony cupped his hands around his mouth and holler at the backs of the others ahead, "I've been awake for hours and I've not heard a single Christmas song. This is a travesty."
“I suppose it does.” He conceded, lifting the boy onto his lap as he commandeered his empty seat at the table. “Why don’t you show me your vessel?”
It was set up, as most of the more private rooms where, with a small bar, and practical sofas opposite the large desk. Distantly he realized that it might be considered rude to enter his hosts private study before he’d even arrived, but the room was empty and it let him breathe and that stuck at the front of his mind.
Steve clenched his teeth and told his son in what he hoped was a calm tone, to kindly let go of his leg. But Artur barley batted an eye squeezing Steve's leg impossibly tighter and bouncing on the balls of his feet as Steve gave up and maneuvered around him to remove his jacket and hand it to Hammer to be put it away.
“Right now?” he asked conspiratorially in Romany, pitching his voice softer, and rage began to simmer in Bucky’s chest.
“Johann picks on him.” Ian announced into the silence, deliberately ignoring the hot warning glare Natacha shot him. “If something happened, I think he would be too embarrassed to admit it.”
Three hours later and Tony finally managed to get a hold of Pepper. At first the woman was tense, a frantic edge to her voice but once she confirmed it really was him on the line and that the captain as well as the children were all safe and accounted for, she rallied, tone going as smooth and collected as it always was. It was the first thing to make Tony genuinely smile in days.
Supper came and went without any sign or word from Jann. Bucky sat alone in a corner of the room with the maps, still considering them and pouring over the possible routes Schmidt might choose to get Stefen to Berlin for his execution date. The Reich had been working nonstop to dig more roads for military transports. It was all well and good to take a guess, judging by what they knew of Schmidt, but there was too big a chance that the intelligence they had wasn’t up to date, and that they’d miss Steve entirely.
Though Péter had only been gone for a few weeks Tony had to pause and marvel at the changes in him since putting him on the train back in September.  The boy had grown several inches more, shooting up like a weed. There was an inch of bare ankle just below his trousers that a mother would be itching like a leper to remedy.  If he remembered Tony would have to tell Pepper the boy needed new trousers ordered.
Steve, hoping Sam could still see him in that crush of bodies, lifted his hand in farewell. He saw Sam nod, almost imperceptibly, and his heart sank heavily into his chest.
Her reputation combined with her commanding presence convinced them all it would be a lark to roll up their sleeves and pretend to be country for a day. None of them had any idea, that this was the closest thing to the celebrations he’d known in his boyhood as he’d been able to get in years. They couldn’t know what it meant to him to be surrounded by his family, and the families of the people who ran his home, sharing food and laughter. Eating with their hands under the stars instead of on fine china.
"Your hair is sticking up in the back James." She informed Bucky, still watching her younger brother closely as he begrudgingly cleaned himself up.
As quickly as he could force his brain to work, Tony leaned back and assessed the situation, calculating. He could feel that Steve was only half hard against him, and the captain was shaking with the strength it had taken to push himself back up on his elbows. Tony doubted sincerely that he’d be able to reach a full erection if they continued to stress his body. It was purely a miracle of stubbornness that he’d made it this far, and it would truly surprise him if Steve were able to achieve orgasm at all.
The clothing he’d made from the fabric he’d been given was better, if somewhat plain and unadorned, but with seven charges to look after Tony hadn’t exactly had time to throw together a three piece suit. He wasn’t a seamstress, and shocking as it might seem even he couldn’t be good at everything.
Stefen tasted of the coffee and bites of sweet bread Tony had managed to feed him. He’d have to see that Stefen ate more at lunch he thought as he curled his tongue around Stefen’s and sucked. Tony felt the way his muscles clenched, and how the hard line of his cock pressed eagerly against Tony’s ass as Stefen groaned and leaned hungrily into the kiss.
It was just like last time. They would make do, and then Da would come home. It was just like last time.
Steve’s squad was the one left in the living room, and as Bucky and the others got themselves settled Steve took the first rotation by the window. He sat on the ledge staring out over at the half view of the chancellery. Its long white brick walls standing out against the browns and reds of the other buildings, casting a shadow over everything even from a distance.
It felt uncharitable to think it. Dobas had a living to make as much as anyone, and not all the men in Steve’s unit had been as lucky as he was. He’d been decorated, paid handsomely for his contributions, and paraded like a hero to keep the civilians moral up while Austria rebuilt itself, while men like Dobas had been left to gather the pieces of their lives with next to nothing but their names.
“Bucky tells me you’re touring,” he murmured as they moved and Jan simply nodded, closing her eyes as if lost to the music.
But Steve was shaking now in his arms, and not purely from the desire that was behind his white knuckled grip. Tony eased back, groaning as Steve chased his lips with a petulant sound of protest worthy of a stroppy toddler.
The boy didn’t answer, grinding his teeth mulishly in that (patented, Tony was going to get the damn thing patented) stubborn Rogers way. Next to him Ian was already reaching for his own roll to offer to him and Tony frowned. What was wrong with him? Tony didn't know eleven-year-old’s existed who gave away their food by choice, and Ian’s little brother was terrible to him most of the time. Where on earth had Ian learned to be so self-sacrificing?
“Don’t let him fool you Chavo, your Da gets into way more trouble than I do, and I’m the one always pulling him out.”
,” he whispered, hiding his stinging eyes in her dark hair. She squeezed his neck in a hug and whispered back. “
“I’m fine!” he snapped, gathering up the rucksack he’d dropped, hastily glancing at the market boys who were watching lazily from across the square, blowing streams of smoke into the air with the careful disinterest of youth.
“Herr Stark, a pleasure. I’m Admiral Erhard, I head the Naval Weapons Department. This is Herr Hoch, from the Ministry of Armaments and War Production.” Erhard gestured to the man in the suit with the greying hair and Hoch extended his hand to shake Tony’s.
One of the men broke free of the guards holding his arms, ripping free of their hands as if they were made of dough and laughing as he took off. He raced for the window, only to misjudge the angle and slam into the wall instead. The man bounced back and there were six guards on top of him now, beating at him, breaking his bones, but he kept fighting them as if he didn’t feel their blows at all. He was still grinning even as they emptied dozens of bullets into him.
After getting all the information that he could from Tony’s grandfather it took an hour more to retrace Tony’s steps. Tony hadn’t said where he was going when they’d parted ways. ‘
Father had surprised everyone with ice cream the following night, but the Osbornes hadn’t come to many parties after that. When mother had died father never seemed to get around to arranging any visits for the boys either. Not that Péter minded terribly. He didn’t like going over to the Osbornes alone (Harry’s mother sighed at him like he was an orphan and his father avoided him like he smelled bad) but he had missed Harry, and had hoped for the chance to see him once school started up again… only that had never happened either.
But on further thought, Pepper had said it had been a few years since the family had indulged, even before Frau Rogers had passed.
Even eating with the children had grown into an exercise, a drill of sorts. After Peggy had died Steve had forced himself to eat. He'd mechanically lifted fork to mouth, rarely ever tasting the food and somehow it had become a regular thing. He was so very aware he was alone when he sat down. He'd look over the expanse of table and at the other end would be a void, a space left and never filled. Steve had always been keen on seeing yourself for who you were if you could help it but the empty spaces left by his wife proved overwhelming at times.
The tune drifted in and out of memory the same way he did, floating on a hot bed of shame and fear. Always the same tune.
He almost couldn’t process it when he got to the door, Hammer and the young policeman just a step behind, and saw not one of the little girls but Natacha curled up at the foot of the stairs with tears in her eyes, her face white with shock.
Tony leaned back, studying him with an open intensity that made feel both exposed and rooted to the spot.
“So bring Charlotte” he allowed, reaching out to mess up Steve’s hair. “God knows you owe the poor woman. You’re a miserable date.”
“What road are they taking?” he demanded, forcing the man back on shaky legs away from the view of the window. There was no time for niceties. If Dvorak had warned his comrades they wouldn’t be alone long. But Dvorak, heedless of the gun pressing against the side of his skull tipped back his head and laughed.
“Rogers, I’d take a bite before our Staff Sergeant takes personal offense.” Dvořák chuckled, taking a bite of his own bread and jam.
He knew you didn’t always get to choose what battles came your way or when it was your time to stand up and fight. But there was a cost, one he never wanted her to have to pay, and he needed her to understand that. He’d failed her. Again, and again and again.
She’d fallen quiet as the show began and seems almost transported by the story unfolding on stage. Her tiny lips falling open on shallow gasps when the singer’s voices soar with a varied spectrum of emotions, and when the two lovers are parted and the woman was singing out her lament, Steve caught tears in her eyes.
That was exactly what Bucky was afraid of. Someone in the Reich had to remember that Hughard had a kid and that he was easily fond right? Someone must have approached him about the Führers plans and you didn’t need to spend more than a few minutes with Tony to know that he’d inherited his father’s genius. And wasn’t it just a little too damn coincidental that someone like Tony had ended up in Steve’s lap (almost literally so, irritatingly enough)?
"No! I'd truly like to know. You hired me to teach your children and shield them from the scrutiny of the Reich. I accepted because I wanted to be free of the abbey and hoped to find an easy way to leave all this wretchedness behind me,” Tony cast an arm out tiredly, pointing to the entirety of the hopeless mess he found himself in. “But now there's you and the children and I… Stefen you're going off to war. Where does that leave me?"
There. He’d said it. The words echoed in the quiet study like a gun shot and the captain went very still. It was a long moment before he spoke again, his voice tight and controlled, but somehow sounding small in Tony’s ears. Ashamed.
Why was he walking around like a man condemned, and why was he holding bridal coins when he was so damn unclean he’d not even thought twice before subjecting Bucky to his dirt?
, too violent – but he couldn’t stop it. When he looked directly into Steve’s eyes and answered, Steve saw fear in Péter’s eyes.
“Spring’s around the corner, I know, but it’s not so very warm yet-” She was placating now, head tilted up and looking out of one of the few gray windows in the barn.
In a strange way, Tony almost liked him better for it. He’d never been any good at keeping his own impulses or his emotions in check either and envied others their ability to remain aloof when he constantly felt like things were slipping out of his control.
It was a whirlwind after that. The crowd continued to push them forward and prohibited any of them from asking the questions poised to leap off their tongues. Péter was clearly as curious to know what Tony was doing there with a shaved face as Bruce was to ask how Péter had managed to get there, but there was nothing to do but keep shuffling with the line and quickly procure their tickets when they finally reached the window.
“I want to stand guard, with you.” Even if the light wasn’t blinding him and they had been closer Tony wasn't sure he would have seen any change in Stefan’s face. He didn't even frown.
Yes, Tony was sure they hadn’t. Three years to be exact. Sara hadn’t even been a year old the summer the fever had taken her mother, and Maria and Artur would still have been very young the summer before. But Tony could well imagine it: hazey summer days filled with sweet mountain air, the entire family down by the lake, sun bleaching their hair gold, Stefen holding one of his little ones in sure arms while they splashed about in the water…
Tony changed into his robes in the washroom of the station, covering their vibrant red with a dark coat as not to draw unwarranted attention to himself.  The station seemed uncommonly busy for a morning in midweek. Everywhere he looked there were people with trunks, trying to leave the city. Many of them he noticed bore the star of David stitched upon their sleeves.
"I need you too," he managed to confess before he covered Steve's mouth with his, some presence of mind having him shift until he straddled Stefen, holding the majority of his weight away from his sore body.
“Your father will hardly know the difference-” Tony began, but to his shock the girl bristled like she’d been jabbed and dropped the jumper she held to the floor as if Tony hadn’t spent the greater part of the morning slaving away on it.
“I do.” he murmured in answer. In truth, he quite agreed with poor Mr. McCabe, but he would not say so in the face of Bethany’s youthful passions and bright optimism. The heart led and sometimes there were few options but to follow and one could not simply judge every German simply for being German, but Tony couldn’t say he’d have jumped for joy if his daughter came home starry eyed over some public official in present times.
Sam saluted him and then turned to disappear inside the train, leaving Steve standing on the platform feeling disjointed. He wondered for the hundredth time if he was making the right decision by staying in Austria.
He nodded again and was gone without a backwards glace before Bucky could stop him. Bucky stared at the seat Steve had vacated dejectedly, hands clenching and unclenching in his lap.
“We did,” Tony acknowledged with a small nod. “And I’ve had time to reconsider it. You and Bucky don’t run the resistance. I fail to see why - when I approach them with a solid plan, connections with the church, ready means and time - why they would refuse my help.” He pointed out softly, because it wasn’t a fight, and his aim wasn’t to injure Stefen with the truth. Just for him to accept it. But it seemed to be a vain hope because Stefen growled low in his throat, ripping his gaze away from Tony, unable to keep looking him in the eye.
“Sit.” Khalmmer gestured at one of the sofas. Steve took a hesitant sip of the alcohol instead and stayed where he was.
"I've already been threatened by General Schmidt and Striker, and I'm sure countless others are waiting in the wings to make good on their threats. I don't know what their plans are for me, but I know they'll come for the children. They've already started. I need you to help me.”
It was at that moment that he heard the sound of an indignant squawk, an aborted yelp and a painful sounding thud and his eyes flew to the window which remained open to let in the early afternoon breeze.  There was some commotion outside, and fearing that Péter had been hurt by once again climbing up the side of the house Tony rushed to the window. The sight that met him was so far from what he expected that he could only stare incredulously as Clinton rubbed his skull and glared balefully up at Natacha whose feet he was inelegantly sprawled at.
He barely acknowledged Charlotte as she appeared before him, fine lines of worry around her mouth and anguish in her eyes that betrayed her usual stoic appearance as she touched his arm gently before throwing her arms around him. He patted her back absently, but didn’t let himself become too distracted from keeping watch. It only took the enemy a moment to strike and there were so many places out here to hide.
He was never happier to be right as the slight woman passed under the lanterns in the church yard and turned her face up in the direction of their shuttered window. She flashed a brief grin up at them before continuing on her way to knock on the door of the priest apartments.
"It's very impressive Stark, but I'm afraid people might get the wrong idea if they knew it was here."
"How fares our mighty hunters?" Tony asked, poking at the fire. Artur zoomed to his side, Maria in tow, his cheeks flushed pink with exertion as he eagerly recounted the events of their excursion.
There were bodies in the street, Stefen realized, spotting the motionless lumps between the legs of the runners. Men. Women.
“It’s okay Tony, we don’t need anything. We know things are -” Ian began, but Tony cut him off with a glare and a decisive swing of his ax. He left the tool embedded in the trunk of the toppled tree and caught his breath as he looked around them, taking in the quiet forest for the first time with new eyes. Concentrated not on the task at hand, not on survival for the moment, but taking it
"If you wouldn't mind Herr Stark?" Stefen finally broke the silence, putting down the little girl in his arms and giving her bottom a pat to send her skipping happily toward her tutor.
Well, Tony reminded himself, he wasn't a powerless child anymore running from monsters. He'd turned the last ones who tried into ash at the bottom of a crater, and he'd do it again and again until there was nothing left but angels and peacemakers if he had to. It was the only way to win.
Stefen barely responded as Tony knelt beside the couch and began to remove his shoes, talking him through it the way he talked little Sara through getting dressed in the mornings. When Tony had removed Stefen’s slacks and began to lower his briefs Stefen winced as the cool air met the mess of semen smeared all over his skin.
He couldn’t determine what about the interaction set him so ill at ease and he tried to stifle the feeling as the butler led them to where they could find the major. It was a large house but still installed with Austrian charm.
Despite the struggle it had been to organize them the first go around not a word of protest was given to this plan. Ian abandoned the one-man boat in favor of switching with Péter without so much as a word of complaint and James didn’t even revitalize his complaint that Ian had been thought old enough to handle the one-man boat on his own.
Ian plopped Stefens bag of “extra” materials down next to him and eye’d his father and James warily while Tony and Bakhuizen set up the cans, Bakhuizen keeping oddly quiet. They had only brought two guns and copious amounts of ammo, Tony noticed, filing the information away. He more than intent on prying the reason for all of this from Stefen at a later date; because there was something going on here.
"Tacha’s right!" Bakhuizen clapped his hands together eagerly. "James, stop teasing Ian and come help me look for twigs for the snares."
“We are not dancing for pleasure,” Steve reminded her, hand’s tightening in warning as he glared down at her.
Stepping into the middle of the living room Steve unslung the two weapons over his shoulder and handed one to Bucky. He stood in the center of the room watching as the rest of the men filed in, setting up camp. There was dead silence save for the thudding of boot heels and scraping of trunks on the floorboards.
“Stevie.” Bucky’s soft voice pulled him from his head, the soft light from the lamp seeming suddenly too bright as Stefen blinked away the vestiges of the haze. He wondered how much time he’d lost.
Steve turned his head. A little girl was singing. He couldn’t see her. Over the din of vendors hawking their wares and the screech of gulls, the sound of her voice was nearly lost; but Steve was drawn to the sweet sound of it. It reminded him of being small, sitting with Bucky in the back of his father’s vardo listening to Bucky’s mother sing as she did the mending, the fields of Galicia rolling past them. The songs Rachel sang for them weren’t just entertainment for young boys, but the tools they used to pick up the languages of the gadje whose lands they lived on. His Czech never became as fluent his Polish, but he could ask for food, beg for work, and find his way home again.
And that was the very realization that made her grip finally go slack, the knife clattering to the garage floor.
This is the Knight broadcasting from the INN reaching out to our friends at the CASTLE. Is anyone home?
“Whoa, boss, I think you need to lie down.” Harold cautioned, as he weaved on unsteady feet.  The lights were too bright, Steve thought as the room spun.
“Captain! We weren’t expecting you home.” Stark greeted them cheerfully as they exited the car. Stefen deposited the keys in Harold’s outstretched palm wordlessly and nodded at the chauffer when he apologized quietly and explained he’d park the car in the front, seeing as Stark and the children were currently in the way of its usual place.
He’d never know. He’d not been allowed to see him. The officer in charge of the investigation had no time to listen to any of Tony’s pleas or demands, and only disdain for the spoiled little Italian boy screaming at him in a garbled mix of German and Italian, who had not even the sense to know when he’d been rescued and how to show proper gratitude.
They’d not been told, she said, flushed up to her copper hair, of anyone Reich appointed meant to visit the major that day. He was horribly ill, in fact Herr Bakhuizen had left to fetch the man’s personal physician that very morning. She made it sound as if he were practically at the door now, so much so, that Dvorak nearly turned to look.
“Mon Ami!” He exclaimed, scrambling so fast over the comforter he nearly slipped and toppled off the bed.
Charlotte eyed him before tilting her chin up. “What a thing to ask, James” she replied softly, her gaze piercing his with censure.
After the silence had settled in once more, signaling the conversations death, he shuffled his hand into his breast pocket, where he’d tucked a letter from his wife Helene. He really only used the motion as an excuse to do something with his hands and not focus on the strange anxiety that had crept over him. He’d already answered the letter and to write another before receiving her reply would look obsessive, perhaps even paranoid.
“Can you give it a try David?” Tony prompted, without much hope. His pupils changed by the lesson as families either emigrated officially or left without word, but David and his sister Aleksy were two longstanding participants. Tony had never managed to get David to voluntarily speak in front of the class. True to form the boy hunched his shoulders, cheeks reddening and generally looking as if he’d like to sink into the floor.
He didn't consider himself a soft man, but she was a sweet child and even an old soldier like him knew she didn't deserve what the nation was going to hand her as she grew.
Tony was about to reply when the sound of footsteps on the stairs, followed by the familiar humming of the inn keepers’ wife, seeped through the door. He and Stefen went still, waiting to see where the woman was headed. They heard her humming quietly to herself and the clanging of the bucket and mop she carried to wash the floors, and breathed a sigh of relief when she passed the Captains door and kept going.
Tony staggered past Péter and into the hall, nearly knocking the boy aside in his disoriented haste. Péter’s voice stayed close, implying that the boy was right on his heels as Tony rushed down the hall for the stairs.
“Damn you Tony.” He cursed, that hurt still laced through his tone. “I love those children more than my own life!”
