He feels something and almost startles, when he realizes it's a brush of fingers against his own, gentle and careful.
Castiel gives a small sigh and finally, he reaches out. If Dean wants to step away, he has the perfect right and opportunity. Right now, Castiel just wants to touch some part of him when he says what he fears the most.
But his grace hums in him, through his veins and slowly but surely, he moves his hands to his head, letting them slow the pain and the damage.
“Um, so,” he starts, when she doesn’t stop staring, batting her eyelashes at him, “Any other incidents like this happen here?”
“Eat your food. I’ll get you another one tomorrow,” Sam tells Dean, but the hunter sighs dramatically, eyeing his plate of Chili con Carne with disgust.
Celebrating Halloween every year by dressing up as any of the monsters they’ve ever slayed and then watching a very, very bad version of Dracula in the Dean-cave.
He feels weirdly shy about this, he wonders if Dean felt the same way when he gave Cas his. But then again, they weren’t that close at that moment. Not like this.
Longing for someone constantly and never getting anything but small administrations of care, sparks of ‘maybe this is it?’ - it’s gotten him utterly tired and spent and the feeling of hopelessness seeps in.
He nods. “That is my family. I found it all on my own.” He tells the old lady and even if she thinks the phrasing is peculiar, she gives him a gentle look.
She seems apprehensive, when Sam and Cas introduce themselves as FBI agents, as people usually are when they go with this cover.
Dean’s eyes go back down to the tape, eyeing it with a soft expression, finger going over the inscribed ‘
“Look at you, best seats in the house!” Dean almost cooes and Castiel’s eyes flicker a dangerous blue and Dean raises a hand. “Aren’t you cranky.”
Dean’s lips on his are wet and soft and warm, his own are chapped against them, but Dean’s sweeps his tongue over them and it’s made better.
“Fine. Be the seeker. I’ll be the snitch. Happy?” Castiel stretches his arms out, inviting him in and Dean gets up, crawling into his lap with his legs on both sides of Cas.
With a relaxation of his muscles he realizes it won’t matter. He knows Dean, like Dean knows him. Like Dean said. Like Cas once said.
“Hmm, I think there might be some Elvis here, actually… I found it from the basement, there were a bunch of vinyls there. The men of letters sure had taste,” the hunter lets him go, steering towards the table and Cas watches as Dean shuffles through the covers.
Dean’s not sure where the hell Cas learned to do that (and cares even less about the controlling way he’s handling Dean), but there’s not much more room in his brain right now than ‘holy shit, is this happening’ and ‘fuck’.
Dean grumbles and it can be seen that he’s trying hard not to roll his eyes. “Yeah? Well, I think the ‘saving you’ thing is mutual and there’s really nothing to do about that.”
Dean’s fingers twitch, the warmth of Castiel’s hand makes him want to curl them around his fingers, hold his hand just like he did last night. Did that even happen?
Many things run through Dean’s head, starting with ’there are so many spider webs’ and ending in ’has Cas even ever seen a vacuum cleaner?’, but instead of rolling his eyes he opts to look at Sam in pure disgust.
He’s about to open his mouth, to say to Sam that it doesn’t matter, who cares if they find the monster and besides, it’s not Cas’ fault that there’s no lore on this, but his brother is perceptive, as always.
That smile, beautiful, so full of joy. It’s so sincere, Cas feels as if he’s almost not allowed to witness it. Almost.
They find the first one with a hostage - a young blonde girl, looking about 15 - ready to feed and Sam takes him out.
Dean ends the conversation with ‘bees first, then we’ll see’, which gets him another prized soft-as-hell look from Cas.
Dean’s voice is rough and low from sleep, sending a jolt through Castiel, his heart thumping in his chest. Out of shock of being caught, most likely, or that’s how he assures himself.
„You- you-” Dean says intelligently and tries to think of ways he could kiss Cas senseless without making an impression of a very 18+ movie in front of Jack (and Sam).
“Were we really going...where I think we were going with this?” Dean asks, before he can chicken out.
Sam pulls another face and they get into the car. “Well, at least we know why she stayed there. Maybe there’ll be a connection to… her habits, somewhere.”
And that angers him even more, the turmoil inside threatening to burst, but then he reaches him, just a few feet away and Castiel's face is staring right back, white as a sheet. Like a ghost.
Castiel is looking up towards them, from the floor, sporting a height of about 5 inches. Even though he is tiny, his scowl is just as menacing.
“Uh-uh. I would not do that.” She says, her hammer hovering over Sam’s head, who’s jaw is clenched and his eyes staring wildly towards Dean and Cas, flickering between them.
“I don’t even want to know what that means.” Sam says, making a face while Castiel stares a hole into Dean.
„We wouldn’t be making out.“ He mumbles, lowering himself on the chair and avoiding both Jack’s and Cas’ eyes.
“What, I’m not my best self?” Dean asks, smiling his best smile and stretches out his hands, like he’s displaying himself.
Ayesha gives an exasperated sigh and her hand goes to her messy hair. “I- Obviously I didn’t approve when she- and I don’t want her to bring that here! We had a huge fight about it the last time and I just-”
Dean stores this away. He knows she’s lying, because Sam had said the last incident was two years back.
“We can’t- Sam and Jack-” Castiel now says and his breath is labored and that makes Dean’s insides swirl with excitement.
“That’s-” his words don’t come out, they get stuck in his throat as Castiel lets his grace float around them, not in a shape but a flood of bright rays.
Castiel’s head tilts as she observes the woman. He stares right back at her, as she gapes at him and then Sam, as if caught between a crossfire.
“Yeah, yeah. Takes one to know one.” Dean says, bidding Jack a goodbye, before he moves to the Impala, a big smile on his face.
“This,” Cas says, his hand dropping and Dean instantly misses it, but the angel's other hand goes to his own, gently nudging at the knuckles and sliding against his fingers, “This is real.
He stretches, his wings uncurling from his back, the only part of him that isn’t just pure white, but colourful. Like the oil stain on a summer’s day on the asphalt, bright with the colours of the rainbow under the light. His wings shine the same way, every time he moves them, the gush of wind and sound of crackling like thunder accompanying it, they are yellow and orange and red, then he shuffles them, and it’s blue, green and white, he moves again and it's pink, purple and black.
Castiel knows Dean likes hot dogs, and he also enjoys chili. Would he find the combination of the two satisfying?
Dean stumbles over the carpet and Castiel tisks. “You’re both tired, which means you’re unproductive and of no use to the case in this state.”
as if he's about to ask what's so goddamn funny, but the words die out when Dean pulls Cas into his embrace and right against his lips.
It’s not that he has a lot to say. Cas can tell that Dean actually enjoys the movie, the way it’s a bit comical, and there are already guns blazing.
“Isn’t he the pirate?” Cas asks, when Tonto tries to bury the bodies, along with Reid’s not-so-dead one.
“Are you sure you don’t want anything else with that hot dog? We’ve got great fries, cheesy ones and bacon ones, and even sweet potato fries,” the waitress aims her question at Castiel, batting her eyelashes and the angel can detect a southern note in her voice.
There’s music coming from the ‘Dean-Cave’ as Cas approaches it a few days later, the sound of Led Zeppelin clearly blasting louder than it usually would.
But not without Tony swinging at him so Cas takes two quick steps and blocks the heavy sword with his own blade, letting Dean slip from the room.
„No, I mean,“ Dean starts but then thinks about it, „Yeah, I mean that’d be awesome. But no, I meant like – what if I could’ve been a car mechanic instead? Or like… a cook?“
He walks over to Dean, slow and steady, carefully placing his fingers onto his forehead, angel grace glowing for a split second as he soothes Dean’s mind. His forehead is covered in cold sweat, but he stops moving, face relaxing.
Now, Dean's only half out of the car, when he's already shouting, "What the fuck are you doing, you dumbass?" and he gets his jacket stuck behind the seat belt and it makes him even angrier.
But Castiel, still wet and hair in his face and unusually uncoordinated for an angel, slips and falls towards the floor.
“They helped.” Dean says, like it’s nothing, but then he looks up towards the sky, “And I couldn’t thank ‘em enough for it.”
“Holy shit,” Dean says, laughing as he cleans his blade. He turns on his heels. “Cas, make some noise, where the hell-”
So he focuses on the green in Dean’s eyes. Focuses on the fleck of gold in the right one and on the eyelashes that flutter as Dean gazes back. Focuses on moving his hand from Dean’s jaw to his cheek, thumb stroking across the cheekbone.
When Jack falls asleep, pizza slice still in hand, Dean goes to wake him, but Castiel shakes his head no.
But, this is the dead-end of a road and all they can do is turn back. But they don’t have to take the same route - not the same route of desolation and heartbreak, massacres and death, dark and light.
Dean looks up, he realizes his hand around the glass is shaking, drops of water falling onto the carpet and he wills it to stop. Castiel is just a few feet away.
Dean laughs, shaking his head. “Oh, Sammy. This is...awesome.” he says, putting the green shirt on, his wet body slowly making patches appear on it, but Cas thinks he’s never looked more beautiful.
„Right, all the monsters are real.“ He nods and realizes that maybe that’s what Jack was getting at.
It’s not at all surprising, then, that Castiel doesn’t need a long time of persuasion to believe every word he says, that he doesn’t need Dean to beg on his knees or shout at him until he cowers under the harsh words.
Ayesha Cortese, the sister of the late Eli Cortese, is the younger of the two, about 24, Castiel guesses.
It doesn’t matter that life is unpredictable, for people like them, because whatever may come they will face it together.
They’re at the farmer’s market and Castiel is watching Dean show Jack the different flavors of honey in one of their favorite stalls, while Sam is trying to drag Claire towards the ‘gross green stuff stall’, as the blonde likes to say.
Dean nods. “Right. What about the room they stayed in. Was it the same room as Eli Cortese stayed in?”
After a week, when Castiel and Dean are in the Dean-Cave and trying to decide what to watch for movie night and Castiel suggests Harry Potter, Dean groans, hitting his own forehead.
Dean waves a hand, “Yes, I realize, Ms. Damas, but we’re just following up some leads and I have only a couple of questions, won’t take long.”
After the first day, the jokes are wearing out, but Sam and Dean find all new ways besides short-jokes to amuse themselves on the account of Castiel’s newly-found size.
“You feeling okay there?” Dean asks, smirking. “Or maybe you’d wanna get back into the pocket, since I don’t have tiny seatbelts for angels of the pocket.”
Castiel observes how his steps ring heavy on the stairs, how he moves his head from side to side, straining his neck as if trying to get rid of the painful cracks. His spine is slightly slumped, his face seems tired and almost like he hasn’t slept in a while.
“You say something, angel?” he asks, hand slipping into his while Jack and Claire bicker over whether they should have honey-glazed chicken wings or just bake an apple pie with honey.
Castiel’s finger stops at another line, the obnoxious red colours in a checkered pattern looking back at him.
“I’m a millions of years old celestial.” Castiel says to this, like that would be explanatory enough as to why Sam can’t possibly ground him. Other than him being a grown man, sort of. His vessel is.
Dean stands his ground. “I already cleaned the bathroom for you. I also cleaned the spiderwebs in our bedroom. Castiel, babe. No.” Dean says determinedly.
Jack is standing next to the windowsill in the kitchen, with Castiel placed...on the soil in a flower pot.
Dean’s hand goes up a little, like he’s adjusting in his seat and his hand falls next to Cas’ on the seat, their pinky fingers touching.
“Yes, him. I couldn’t change myself back and right now, this seems to be the case as well. We need a counter spell.”
His mind stretches just as his form does, bright and blinding and glorious. His grace hums and flows and pulls at him, he can only feel the warmth, the power beneath it. He can see Dean, small, like an ant beneath him and presses at his grace, forcing it to take smaller proportions, however hard it is to contain himself.
His ears ring loudly when the hammer strikes against his skull and sends sparks flying behind his eyelids. He can’t even feel the pain of colliding with the floor because the pain in his head is a lot louder, a lot more prominent.
This is probably exactly why Dean doesn’t want him here, in the night. Standing beside them like a creep.
He moves to go past Cas but as he goes, his hand involuntarily (or maybe voluntarily) brushes Castiel’s as he says, “Thanks, Cas.”
“You’re going to eat them all by yourself?” Castiel asks him in a very blatant manner and Dean looks down at his lap.
“Dean,” Cas says with his low voice reverberating through Dean and the hunter swallows down what could’ve been a whimper.
There’s a moment of silence as Jack stands beside Dean and Cas lays on the ground, eyes closed and stubbornly not opening them.
“Gods.” Castiel replies and when Dean opens his mouth, Cas goes on “I mean, Greek mythology. Norse Mythology. Like Loki. You remember Gabriel, right?”
Jack nods dutifully and goes to the shelves where the vinyls are neatly stacked and cleans every one of them.
Cas takes the thing out of his pocket, the little rectangular box light in his hand and reaches his hand out towards Dean. “I, um, have something for you.”
“Go.” Castiel tells him now and Dean doubts for only a split second but Cas can see him eye the sword hesitatingly so Cas says, louder, “Go.” and Dean does.
Cas snatches the box and puts the DVD into the machine that Dean’s taught him how to use. Dean grabs the nachos and sets them on his lap, beer in the other hand and reclines the chair a little bit.
When Dean offers Castiel his palm to step on and go drink coffee together (meaning he drinks and Castiel tells him how coffee even came into being), announcing “Come on, Sunshine, daylight's wasting.”, Castiel most definitely smiles.
“No but, hear me out-” Dean starts, scooching over in his chair a bit. “If you were that small, you could totally fit in the snitch.”
It’s a small smile, reserved and maybe even shy, but Dean gives him the same one back, before he clink their bottles together. “To being impossible.”
“Jack, you’re still trying to get control over your powers. Don’t worry, though.” He pats the kid on the shoulder compassionately, “if something comes up and Cas is back to his ‘Big as a Chrysler building’ size, we can split and make the hunts in pairs.”
When Cas stares at Dean, inches from his face, he can feel the beat grow faster. When Cas etches closer, breath ghosting over Dean's lips, he smiles.
To Cas, the actions matter the most. And the way Dean's hands are around him, one thumb gently caressing the hipbone under his shirt, his chin propped on top of Cas' head, it all echoes different emotions, even if Cas can't sense them in the angelic way anymore.
“Little fellow?” Dean asks in disbelief, not approving in the slightest, but shuts up when Castiel’s admonishing gaze burns right through him.
Castiel sighs, his hands going to his face. “This isn’t helping, Dean.” Cas says, his voice small and Dean leans in to hear him better, his smile falling. “What if it doesn’t work?”
„I could just use my grace to get rid of the excess dust and grime.“ Castiel offers, sitting with a straight back on one of the chairs behind the table. His face is sincere and maybe there’s even a small smidge of enthusiasm, that he could help out with something.
Dean ignores the monster raging wars inside of him, something as ugly as jealousy raising its head. “Great.”
It doesn’t matter that they didn’t watch Tombstone, because Sam is here now and they can share the experience. It doesn’t matter that Dean didn’t comment on the songs on the mixtape because Cas already knows how he feels.
Sam’s hand goes over his face, rubbing it, almost as if he’s still exhausted, and Dean can relate. He feels it, too.
He angles himself towards Cas, leaning in and surprises him by kissing Cas, deep and long and very sweet.
“They are not real.” Castiel’s voice is soft, like a breeze washing over him and Dean lets it. God be damned but he lets it because suddenly, he feels how tired he is. And he doesn’t have the strength to fight anymore.
For a moment, Castiel is consumed by fear, that this might have been too much for Dean, too hurtful.
“Dean, you’re-” Sam protests, but Dean hugs him even tighter for it, making Sam give up and hug back, patting his brother’s back and chuckling.
“Why don’t I start and you can just...listen?” Castiel offers and he can see Dean already panic. But Castiel waves his hand in dismissal. “Just listen.”
“I don’t want space. I don't want it at all.” Castiel says and he can hear Dean draw a breath. He looks a bit lost, eyes going around the room, like he’s grabbing for answers from somewhere it won’t ever come.
Cas can feel Dean’s eyes on him and it’s a good feeling. His skin tingles, knowing that the pair of emerald eyes are on him, and not by accident.
Castiel’s hand goes around the stake inside his coat and he takes it, tosses it to Dean who catches it with precision of a hunter and drives it through her chest from behind, having moved over the floor while Castiel distracted her.
Cas lets out a sigh as his head falls back, exasperated. “I don’t sound like that. And that was Jack.”
But Castiel explains with a painful patience, that he would not be returning to earth along with Dean.
They are interrupted by the clicking of Ritika’s heels on the plated floor, setting down their foods.
“My pleasure. You don’t need a place to stay, by any chance? We’ve got great reviews. I take good care of my customers.” She says, with pure innuendo in her eyes and Dean chuckles nervously.
“There’s just not much room around here with me and my boyfriend,” she smiles, the gesture not reaching her eyes and Castiel steps closer.
Well, okay, to be fair this witch wasn’t that powerful. He just got the drop on them. It’s also absolutely no-one’s fault that Sam tripped on his big-ass feet and knocked Dean over with him, leaving Cas to defend their honour.
He stares at her, smile in place and leaning onto the counter casually and Regan’s smile widens. “Well,” she drawls, hand tipping over the counter, fingers moving and brushing the sleeve of Dean’s coat, “I suppose I always have time for handsome agents.”
None of it matters to him, though, because doing it for Dean, it’s but a grain in the sand. A teardrop in the ocean. His grace for humanity that he could share with Dean.
Once Castiel is deposited onto the bed in Dean’s room, he goes through his own closet, trying to find something that the angel of the lord could wear.
There’s a shuffling sound when Dean moves on the chair and Cas looks over, seeing Dean angling himself towards the angel now. “I don’t care.”
Dean looks towards him, taking a breather and Castiel locks eyes with him. Dean’s hands go to his trench coat and hold on to the lapels, while the hunter looks up.
“Can I ask you… Why didn’t your sister stay with you? I mean, you live just a 10 minutes ride away from the motel she stayed at.” Sam is saying and Castiel tunes back in.
Dean’s head turns and Cas blinks, caught staring. “Lost something, cowboy?” Dean asks him in a smooth tone, winking at him and Cas’ heart does a somersault.
Castiel’s wings shutter momentarily, and he moves his grace, the white sparkling here and there and making Dean squint his eyes.
“I’m confused.” Castiel says and Dean can see it in his furrowed eyebrows, but he snuggles closer and just sighs.
The angel realizes that his own fists have balled up under the table and he relaxes. Dean is not his, so he shouldn’t be so concerned about hearing of his nightly conquests.
He could fall, fall to his knees and take Dean with him, combust into the light he used to be, embracing them both in the sweet sensational bubble they’ve created in the abandoned playground.
Dean’s eyes flicker to him and they are full of soft warmth, the sunlight from the horrible drapes barely getting through to make them shine and Cas has the urge to move them, to let the light shine on Dean just a little more.
Watching Scooby Doo whenever someone says ‘I don’t know, just put on whatever’. Jack uses this to his advantage more than once.
„Is everything alright?“ Jack comes in, clearly worried and stares at Sam and Cas on the ground, while Dean’s trying to hold himself upright by the counter, tears welling in his eyes.
When the boy leaves, Dean is staring at Castiel. His mouth is slightly parted and there’s a questioning look in his eyes, just a small frown on his forehead.
He has them quite a lot, Castiel knows, even though he’s only witnessed a few. He does what he always does when this happens.
It’s stupid, they’re not even talking about whatever it is they’re not talking about. It’s just a solo hunt that Dean went on.
Cas finally gives in and turns his head, finding Dean’s inches from his and is stricken by those vivid green eyes once again. “Yeah, the picking up has already been thoroughly done, don’t you think?”
But there’s a challenging note to Dean’s voice and to that smug smirk, so Cas braves himself and maintains eye-contact as he reaches over towards Dean’s lap.
Sam stares at the burger, the one that had done nothing to no one but still ended up falling onto the sidewalk, just after it had rained, and was now sitting in the trash can. He seems to feel some guilt, at least.
“Cas,” Dean starts but Castiel is standing close and the hunter is looking up at him with tired eyes, unblinking and begging for the angel to understand.
“Don’t worry, Cas. I’m sure there’s something in the lore that can help us, or we could always call Rowena. We’ll get you back to full-size in no time.” Sam says, looking around and establishing that their hunted witch is nowhere to be found.
“Jack, Jack! That’s not- how that- works,” Dean is wheezing, trying to save Castiel from the kid while laughing his ass off.
One time, Sam went to the store and Cas and Jack asked him to bring back ice cream. Dean nodded his approval and asked for cherry-chocolate but Sam showed him the finger, still pissed that Dean won against him in a game of scrabble (the poor kid’s ego).
Dean moves through the door after Sam, with Castiel in his front pocket and they listen to any sounds.
“Come on,” he says and moves Cas’ hand to his back, gripping the other one tight and starts to move his legs.
“And what would a demon be possibly doing with a demigod?” Castiel asks back, unlocking their blades and takes a step back to swing at the demon.
"It's picking up speed. Do you also have butterflies in your stomach?" Cas jokes in a gentle, soft whisper and Dean laughs.
Her conversational tone doesn’t change throughout as she raises her hammer above Sam’s head again. “Sleep tight,” she smiles brightly and Sam’s eyes widen.
But when Dean’s eyes open, glinting with hope and a sense of calm, Castiel raises his fingers to his temple, the grace flowing and pulling at them both, destination clear in Cas’ mind.
Dean smiles warmly, the angel had never looked more cute. Dean felt the same urge as you get when you see a cute puppy - you just wanna squeeze and pet them. Doubt that Cas would take well to that, though.
“I don’t know, but we need to call Sam, he’s on his way there, remember? We need to prepare ourselves.”
He doesn’t miss the small smile creeping its way onto Castiel’s face as Dean accompanies his singing with some dancing.
Dean’s muffled, “Thank you,” is as sincere as the cheek kiss he gives Cas, reaching up. “This is the best birthday I’ve ever had.”
Dean’s lips move on his in a slow, languid manner, like there’s nothing else to do but kiss for the next eternity. If Cas could have a say in it, that would be exactly what he’d be doing.
Whatever Dean’s feeling, Castiel is feeling more intensely, he’s sure of it. He could not know, because Dean won’t say a single thing, but Castiel knows how rejecting love looks like. It doesn’t matter, because he’s done being in the unknown.
Castiel makes a protesting sound, while Dean steps towards the corner of the room and places Cas on a globe there.
Dean stops him mid-sentence, because Sam is right there. “After all you put me through, you expect me to help you?” he asks, suddenly trying to hide a smirk. He can see that Cas is staring at him with wide eyes, and for a second he’s spooked. But then Dean raises his voice a smidge and says “Just like that?” and he sees it dawning on Castiel’s face.
Now, his fingers twitch slightly at the memory and he makes a fist with his right hand, the other holding a pen.
“Thor is not half-god. He is a god. But this, Procrustes, he’s a demigod.” The angel says and Dean moves closer to him, next to Cas so he can peer at the pages.
Dean tries not to stare as Castiel reaches up to blow the dust off some older maps, the skin exposed as the shirt rides up.
Cas chuckles. He drinks the beer, taking one sip and then leaving it on the counter, while Dean puts the ball in the middle of the small court and leaving it there, nodding towards the TV.
“Can’t you just, I don’t know, use your angel mojo to zap yourself back?” Dean asks, as Castiel struggles to step into the palm of Dean’s hand.
Castiel gives Sam a suspicious glance but inquires no further into the invention of this new word and concentrates on picking a meal.
“Figured it out, did ya? Unlike this dummy here,” she nods towards Dean, who gives her a glare even Cas would cower under, “Literally showed him around the motel, the paintings, everything. Told him my family name. Nothing, nada. What are you made of, sawdust?” her laugh is shrill and unpleasant and Castiel grits his teeth at it.
“I apologize if I disturbed you. Go back to sleep.” he whispers, because that’s what humans do when someone is sleeping.
Castiel stares for one moment, beside his bed. The light coming from the window behind him illuminates Dean’s face only half-way. His right side covered in the glow, left side in darkness.
They find themselves sitting at the edge of the bar, with drinks with those little umbrellas in them in hand, watching as the sun slowly lowers.
The hunter’s mouth is parted, but nothing but ragged breathing comes out and then, he thrashes around for a few beats, the blanket sliding away from him, half on the ground.
“Your sister was decapitated by being stretched until her head and limbs came off. I think everything you can tell us is relevant.”
There’s something in his tone, something very intimate, that makes Cas blush. “Good to know that gifting you dancing girls is something you find to make me amazing,” he tries to salvage himself, but Dean’s barely looking at the said girls.
“Okay, no more Princess Diaries for you, mister.” Dean wags a finger, but Sam gives Jack a sympathetic glance.
He eyes the man, who’s now playing with the napkin holder and successfully knocks it over, almost spilling the small figurine of a cook, carrying a barrel full of toothpicks. Dean glances towards the restaurant staff, to make sure no one saw his mishap and replaces the napkin holder as it was.
Castiel is holding back a smile but Dean notices and refuses to co-clean with him for the rest of the day.
“Don’t start squabbling again, I mean it.” Sam says last, in a very parental tone, but before Dean can retort, Sam’s gone like the wind, leaving the door to close itself in a soft click.
They go in like they always do, Cas going first because evidently, he’s an angel and not much can hurt him.
He’s done this plenty of times, help soothe Dean’s nightmares, or Sam’s. But this time, something happens that never has before.
Cas stares, dumbfounded, as Dean runs towards the edge of the sea, laughing all the while. It takes him a second to realize that a race implies that he should be running, too.
“And how many times,” Cas starts, standing close to Dean because it feels like it’s the only way he can get through to him, “I have told you, that it’s not about someone babysitting you. It’s about knowing you’re alright, before something happens to you.”
“I thought we were watching the movie? Who was literally complaining about that like a second ago?” he asks, his eyebrows quirking up, victorious glint in his eyes.
“Damn it, Cas!” Dean says, taking off the needle from the vinyl, making the room fall into silence as the hunter glares at the angel. “Are you trying to give me a heart attack?”
Castiel’s eyes go over the walls here, a yellow paint with black stick figures dancing on it. He can recognize many of the stories depicted here.
“I don’t like the way we come back from a hunt and pretend nothing happened.” Castiel counters now and Dean flinches.
„I know what a mop is.“ Castiel says defensively and Dean loves him for it, even though the angel is most probably bluffing. When would’ve he ever needed a mop before?
“I was waiting for your return. I didn’t think you’d go out on a hunt alone, but Sam informed me about it this morning. You could’ve told me.” Castiel tries to sound neutral, like he isn’t upset that Dean didn’t invite him, didn’t invite anyone, and took the risk of going alone.
But of course Cas catches him staring and the bastard gives him a slow smirk, accompanied with a very deliberate raise of the eyebrow.
It’s not his fault that he feels...not indifferent towards Cas. Duh, he’s family. But no one asked the angel to come along with his magical curing hands and heal Dean from his recurring nightmares. No one asked him to- to be that compassionate and caring about Dean’s wellbeing. Completely smothering him with it.
The all-famous ‘Ohana means family. Family means nobody gets left behind, or forgotten’ started out as a very serious thing, like their personal family motto, but turned quickly into blackmail material.
He repeats it when he lets his hands slide under Castiel’s shirt and he keeps saying it when he moves in to kiss Castiel again.
“Cas? Cas are you-” Dean’s stumbling towards him but the woman, Procrustes no doubt, raises her hammer.
Castiel snorts a laughter at that, as he props himself up, swaying slightly and leans against the wall.
She’s definitely beautiful and Castiel tries not to pay attention when Dean gives her his most flirtatious smile and says “We sure are, sweetheart.”
Cas finds that he’s, in his head, singing along to the track that’s listed 6th on the mixtape Dean gave him. Right between “
“A spell shrunk him. Gotta wait until we can reverse it.” Sam says from the counter, waving his ice-pack.
Castiel longs to press his mouth against Dean’s. See if the curve of it fits with his own, if they would slot together like two puzzle pieces or would they be clumsy and everything he ever hoped for.
, is what Dean always says. Castiel quickly disregards the burger with two fish fillets and his finger stops at hot dogs.
And Dean smiles at him, hand on Cas’ shoulder holding on tighter as they sway in an even slower rhythm.
The hallway is lowly lit, the floor a sandy colour and the walls of the same tone, but with black figures dancing on it, like those pots and things from Greek mythology, depicting gods and stuff.
Castiel smiles and it’s a very insidious smile. He steps up to Dean and the hunter’s hands immediately find his hips when Cas gets too close.
Dean’s now singing, hopping off the couch and doing a little cute dance-step as he goes over to the record player and sorts through the vinyls.
Dean’s mouth parts in what Castiel recognizes as awe, head stretching back to see towards Castiel, green eyes so alight now that they might as well be white.
Dean stares at him, like he’s seeing Castiel for the first time. His lips are a little parted, schooling his look of surprise quickly and moving his mouth into a thin line. His eyes betray the angst Castiel knows they’re both feeling.
They don’t address it, but Cas has heard Dean talk in his sleep many times and some of those words are things Dean would never, ever admit to saying.
“You look disgustingly in love.” Sam announces, taking another slice and averting his eyes to Doctor Who on the screen.
Dean grabs the air, but misses by an inch and Castiel hits the floor with the barely audible ‘thump’.
Dean is coming down the steps and he doesn’t see Castiel - of course he doesn’t, he’s sitting in the dark, in the map room, behind the table.
“Shut your mouth.” Dean tells him harshly and Cas chuckles, letting him go so Dean can play the vinyl.
Castiel’s head tilts to the side. “What game? Like twister? I can assure you, I don’t own any games.”
Cas knows he’s only joking, Sam and Eileen both know that Dean and Cas still hunt, from time to time, when it’s needed, when it’s a local case. But yes, in a way, they have retired.
They don’t exchange a lot of words such as this, nothing very profound or loving or sweet, but Cas has found that Dean is one of the sweetest people in the world, if he wants to be.
Sam’s mouth is in a tight line, ready to burst out into laughter and Dean glares at him, points and says “Shut up, Sammy,” before he takes his burger and dives in.
Sam stares him down with a glare. Then his brother gestures to Jack. „It’ll be good to teach Jack some mundane skills, don’t you think? I mean, does he even know what a mop is? Or does Cas?“
It’s none of those multi-layered, subtextual words that Dean comments on, none of those. No, he leans back a bit, so he can look at the angel and his face is nothing short of amusement as he mouths along to:
“I thought we were here to get information, not be tactful?” Castiel says quite tactfully in his own humble opinion.
He pulls back a little and Castiel’s hand draws back. His eyes look sad, he averts them and Dean instantly feels bad, again. It’s not like he wants to walk away. But.
Dean hums, like he’s deep in thought and taps on the vinyls, like he isn’t even aware that Castiel is hugging him from behind.
Even Castiel pretends not to notice, because what if he stops pretending and then makes Dean all uncomfortable again?
Castiel would smile, would he be in his vessel, he would pull Dean in and kiss him breathless, let the grace in him surround them, hugging tight, and then dissolve. Clinging to hope that if it’s gone, if he’s not him anymore, Dean would still look at him and see it.
Regan delivers another laugh. “I wasn’t in town. One of my workers, Tony, had the reins at the time. I was taking a vacation, so I wasn’t in for two weeks.”
“I’m Procrustes. Damastes. A smith from Attica,” she laughs at the irony as she gestures to the motel surrounding her “This is what I
Jack asks Alicia a bunch of questions, while Max and Sam head downstairs to see if they have everything.
„Don’t worry, they cost like 50 cents at the store, we can always get a new one. Or a Scooby-Doo one, if you want.“ Dean says, brushing the shards onto a smaller shovel with a brush.
Castiel picks it up, lifting it to his eyes and letting the sunlight shine through, making it sparkle. He can never feel it flow through him again, and he finds that that’s okay.
“Yeah, still good.” he whispers against Dean’s cheek and when the hunter pulls back, he frowns at Cas.
“You think you can’t, but I just think you couldn’t. Before. I don’t care if you’re broken, Dean, because we all are. As you once said to me.” the angel now tells him but not unkindly. He reaches out his other hand and when it rests on Dean’s cheek, the hunter looks at him with panic.
She almost leaves, but then turns on her heel, pointing at Castiel while the other hand moves to her hip. “And I get off at 6, by the way. If you’re boyfriend will allow you out to play.”
“It’s the least I could do.” the angel says, because he’s heard people say that a lot, but also because he feels like he should do something more around here.
But then Castiel looks like that with his trench-coat and raised eyebrow and a slight stubble threatening to grow into a beard and Dean can’t help but think – when will he finally throw me against a wall and have his way with me?
“Um, looking great. Now maybe put some pants on, or Sam will have a heart-attack.” Or I will, Dean thinks.
Dean groans, but when Cas turns, he’s delighted to see he’s not the only one trying to direct blood back north.
He sighs, peering up from his book. Cas is just turning the page, eyes on the writing, utterly concentrated.
He claps his hands together, excited and asks “So, what have you picked out for us? It better be cowboys.”
Sam coughs. “Anyways,” he smirks, but his eyes are on the laptop,” I think we should talk to the victims sister, Ayesha Cortese. She lives just outside of the city…”
“You sure?” Ritika asks again and Castiel doesn’t understand why it’s not working - he’s being polite, smiling and making eye contact to ensure that she’d be acknowledged and ‘let down easy’. He’s seen movies about such things.
They still try, but the more they acknowledge how much they need each other safe, the more reckless Dean becomes. It’s infuriating.
Nothing major, just some severed heads and one dead werewolf, which does make it a little bit more suspicious.
“Yeah, sure, kill the fun.” the older hunter says with an irritable tone that Castiel can detect but can’t place.
“Max and Alicia Banes. They’re hunters, but Max is a witch. A good one. He might be able to reverse the spell.” Sam’s already dialling on the phone, while Dean glances at Castiel.
Sam rolls his eyes. „Guys, we can’t just ’use your grace’ everytime there’s a minor inconvenience. Besides, it’ll be good for us. Physical work.“
Procrustes’ eyes stare towards him, a smirk evident on her face. Her hair is tied up but some strands are on her face and there’s a small scratch on her cheek that’s bleeding. Dean must’ve done at least some damage.
Dean swears he sees the smug bastard smile at him from the corner of his eyes, but doesn’t pay mind to it.
’ in a way that she’d understand and would not be hurt, but he’s never really had to do something like that before. “I’m good, thank you.”
The hunter’s hands shake on his sides, balling up into fists, but the smile on his face is still there, crooked but still as lovely as ever.
“Hello, everyone! Welcome back!” the kid stands in the doorway, waving and his eyes bright and smile even brighter. Clearly, he’s happy they’re home. “How was the hunt- Oh.”
Most of the time, sweet and slow, like the morning sun rising by the edge of the forest. Sometimes, swift, chase, so no one would see, like it’s their little secret.
“‘M fine.” Dean mumbles, pulling up a large, thick book on Norse mythology. Sammy really has everything in here.
“Oh,” Dean says then, “Right.” He raises his pinky, offering it to the angel and Castiel rolls his eyes, but raises his hand to high-five the finger anyways.
So he rests his forehead against Deans, enjoying the way he can feel his breath, the way his hands feel on Dean’s skin.
And Jack really does think about it, for several seconds. His face then lights up. „I’d wanna solve mysteries, like Scooby and Shaggy!“ he says and boy, Dean wants to laugh.
“You can’t just say these things, Cas!” he stammers and rushes after the angel, when he exits the room.
The defiance with which they are spoken, the harsh line of Dean’s mouth and the determined green of his eyes that could reflect either the green of emeralds or the green of jades, depending on the light, it all takes but a second to convince Castiel.
“I realized a totally missed opportunity back there!” Dean tells him, clearly beating himself up about something.
Dean’s eyes go wide when the music starts and the little make-shift stage at the corner on the beach fills with just that. Hula girls.
The old lady is handing him over a few bars of handmade soap, each with a different scent. Lavender is for Cas, because Dean likes it when the angel smells like Lavender.
But it matters, Castiel has come to the conclusion. For once, he thinks it’s okay to put himself first.
Castiel gets up when Dean passes and his arm slides to Dean’s wrist almost by instinct, holding him for a moment.
“What do we have here, an angel?” Tony asks and flicks his black demon eyes to existence, confirming Castiel’s suspicions. “What might an angel be doing here with a couple of hunters?”
Dean goes a little redder, if one can believe it and laughs, sitting next to the globe and eyes the angel. Castiel blinks back at him, amused.
“I’m sorry for your loss, Ms. Cortese, but we have just some elaborative questions for you, if you don’t mind.”
“What are you doing?” he comes up, looking at Dean behind the map room’s table, Castiel in front of him with a burning candle on the side.
The pain in Castiel’s chest is still there and it flares and flares and he doesn’t understand why it won’t go away but he realizes - it’s a different kind of pain.
And it's so fucking cliche, Dean's pretty sure he would rather die than let Sammy find out this was their first kiss.
Dean’s hands cradle his, the one with the cut, and carefully wipe at the blood there. He doesn’t hesitate, takes a handkerchief from his pocket and wraps it clumsily but gently around Castiel’s finger.
It’d be easy. Not without pain, but easy. Easier then letting it stretch and stretch, never knowing when it’ll break.
„Okay, suck-up. Whatever.“ Sam rolls his eyes again. „Guys, come on. Don’t you want a day off from monster-hunting?“
“You thought she was cute?” Castiel asks out of the blue, might add, and Dean’s head snaps up. He feels cornered by those glowing eyes, like they’re an x-ray taking a scan of him and enlisting all the flaws and secrets for everyone out to see.
"I know you said you could, uh, hear my heartbeat, when you were an angel," Dean's voice reverberates through Cas from where he is pressing against the hunters chest.
Dean looks up and his green eyes shine. “Thanks,” he mumbles and Castiel can feel the warmth emitting from the hunter.
“That’s okay. It’s very thoughtful of you, but I’m sure Max can help.” Castiel says gently, then turns to Dean.
„Maybe it’s someone’s pet!“ Jack exclaims, now clearly worried that an owner has lost it’s best friend.
“Alright, come on, tinkerbell.” Dean says, closing his fingers around Cas, who protests loudly and wiggles his tiny arms, “Let’s get this show on the road.”
It’s Cas’ turn to laugh when Dean bumps into the table and the hunter scowls at him and promises to step on his toes the next time.
Even if Dean did fight against it at first, even he had to admit that it was only tactically logical and so now Castiel steps into the motel, a stake covered in dripping lambs blood in hand and peers around the corner.
There’s a rustle and then they hear Sam grunt and a bang, like something hitting the door of a car and then a shatter of glass.
“There are no pictures of said boyfriend here,” Castiel ploughs on, “But there are plenty of people who I’m guessing are friends and family. But no sister either.”
She snaps her fingers, as she takes the hammer off Sam and the taller hunter breathes out in huffs and Castiel almost winces when he sees the pain in his face.
And then Dean looks at him, his eyes on him are determined and when Dean’s hand goes to Castiel’s trench coat to pull him in, it’s not like Castiel was expecting it.
Whenever the part comes up where Stitch is alone in the woods with the book of the ugly duckling, Castiel lets a few tears slip. Dean only mildly teases and bundles him up in a blanket, hugging him close and kissing his forehead with a small smile.
“Okay, why don’t I go with Cas and you,” Sam points at Dean who now has a smudge of ketchup on his upper lip, “can go to the motel, see what you can get out of the manager. They must have some records on who stayed in the rooms or something.”
Dean doesn’t raise his head from where it’s perched on his hands behind the table, all the books and papers from last night still laid out on top of it. The same articles and lore and god knows what random blogs written by people who’ve got nothing better to do that Cas had been going through last night.
His fingers still grip the menu while his eyes turn to the waiter, who is clicking his pen nervously. He looks about 16 with a scrawny look and ginger hair. There are freckles on his nose, though not so much as Dean has.
She smirks, her hand going to Sam’s jaw and he pulls himself free of her grasp. “Go to hell.” he says through gritted teeth and she laughs again, her hammer swinging in her hands.
Cas’ fingers are under his jaw, raising it up and meeting his eyes. When the fuck did he even get this close?
With the word ‘home’ come responsibilities like ‘keeping the rooms clean and tidy’, ‘doing chores’, ‘cooking breakfast (and any other meals of the day)’.
But, Cas seems worried and Dean recognizes it in an instant. “Hey, it’ll work. Don’t worry, you’ll soon be big and intimidating again.”
„I always wanted to be a hunter, like you guys.“ Jack says dutifully, like it’s a rehearsed reply. And maybe it is.
“A couple of ghouls, no big deal. See, not a scratch.” He turns, showing his arms and everything, like he’s a child being admonished by breaking out of the house while he’s grounded. He’s mocking Castiel.
Castiel pulls back and mumbles a “Thank you,” around the chip, making a crunch sound as he chews it.
Dean doesn’t shy away when Castiel’s hand finds his, it’s a gentle touch and barely lasts a few seconds.
Castiel’s eyes are squinted in concentration now, like he’s drinking in words and that compassionate look in his eyes is what makes Dean go on.
It doesn’t matter what they want, that’s what they’ve grown up with. Save people, hunt things and go off with a ‘thank you so much for ridding my house from this ghost’ and nothing much else.
Castiel looks down at his hot dog, a small smile pressing its way to his lips, no matter how hard he tries to ignore it.
„Were you trying to get rid of that hideous trench coat, Cas? Because I have a lighter, we can just torch the thing.“ He says with a straight face, while Sam tries to goad the vacuum cleaner off Cas’ sleeve.
“You’re not going to blow me up if I kiss you again, will you?” Dean asks, all so serious, and Castiel rolls his eyes.
“Is it possible?” Dean asks again and Castiel thinks back to the time when Dean was a demon. When he was something else entirely, not himself but trapped within himself.
“I think Ritika would be very impressed by my car.” Castiel says defiantly, out of spite if anything, and gets the expected reaction.
Dean tries his best to keep a straight face and not burst into laughter and with a quick glance to his right, he can see that Sam is trying to do the same.
And Dean, his eyes on Cas gentle, full of hope and full of everything Cas hoped they would one day be, rests his hands, finally, around Castiel’s middle, embracing and pulling him towards his own body.
“I’m betting you didn’t need to blow out all those light bulbs, but you just did it for the theatrics. Dramatic-ass angel.”
„You’d be a great cook, your pancakes are the best!“ Jack nods along and Dean’s chest swells with pride.
But, looking at the fading puff of smoke, mixed with the smell of sulphur and a weird, but sweet aroma of lavender (anyone’s guess, really, Dean’s no botanist), things hadn’t really gone according to the plan.
The angel approaches him. “Dean, are you…?” his voice fades out, looking down on the ground but Dean holds up his hand in dismissal.
“If you hate it so much, we can always watch the original version.” Is what Cas finally says, after Dean’s done commenting on John Reid’s outfit and the white hat.
Sam is talking about the ride home and how he can’t wait to just go for a run and Dean announces his absolute disgust for that and Castiel smiles.
Procrustes screams and the light that pours makes Dean shut his eyes, while Castiel twists the stake for good measure.
“I’ll get it. I’ll run by the motel as well. What you told us about this manager’s story… Something doesn’t add up. And I feel like I’m missing something… I need to clear my head anyways.” Sam butts in, already slinging a backpack over his shoulder.
“Nice teamwork.” He beams at him and then, he steps over to him and Dean’s good hand goes around Cas.
Castiel has gotten good at reading people, but he can Dean read so much better than anyone else. And sometimes, it’s funny to see him squirm. Especially after he’d been gloating about winning at foosball.
Cas pulls back a little, his lips still look glistening and a little swollen and Dean wants to bite down on them again.
They don’t see Sam behind the door, leaning onto the doorframe and shaking his head at them, with a fond smile on his face.
They smile against each other's lips, Dean’s hands moving everywhere, around his waist, around his shoulders, settling on his face and then on Cas’ jacket again, crawling under it to get to the warmth. It’s like he doesn’t know how to settle his arms - or he doesn’t want to.
“So wooden sticks dipped in lamb blood?” Dean is already calling Sam, while Castiel goes to their bags, rummaging through them.
Castiel watches as Dean leans back on the chair, hands going to his face, rubbing it. He looks exhausted and it’s not even 9 p.m.
Sam spares them a small, curious glance over his shoulder before he starts herding the kids towards Baby.
It’s almost like watching sand or water slip through his fingers on a deserted beach, watching it go back to where it came from in the first place, be apart of nature once more.
Normally, what he would say, is this - that his true form is incomprehensible to the human eye, Dean knows this. Knows that it would burn him, his eyes and his body out of existence, that he would not be able to see or hear him because the minute Castiel falls apart, Dean would be scorched beyond repair.
In his mind, a voice rings, clear as day to him, but Dean stays immobile, not hearing the high-pitched frequency only comprehensible to the celestials.
How many times did Stitch fuck things up and what did it take for Lilo and her family to forgive him? How did he prove himself worthy of their little family?
This isn’t the first time he can feel all the humanly aspects of being in a vessel, isn’t the first time they overwhelm him when Dean stands close enough to make out the tiny flickers of his eyelashes, long and curling, shielding the open-hearted look he is giving Castiel now.
“I felt that captured your essence pretty accurately, yes.” Cas tells him, but he isn’t very good at making it pan out as a joke, because he’s still anxious.
Dean’s walking to his room and Castiel follows. It’s hard to do so, with so many times he’s let Dean walk away and so many times he’s stayed behind, sitting in the dark and missing the moments that he’s never gotten with him.
"Since you... Can't anymore, I thought maybe you'd want to listen." Dean's voice is shy, maybe even cautious.
No, it’s all he wants but he pushes himself into thinking that he doesn’t. Maybe it’ll be easier if he just pretends that he doesn’t want to go to him and embrace him. And hold him and kiss everything away, all the hurt and problems and doubt.
“Are you comparing me to a talking tree?” Castiel says, taken-aback and then sputters as the water hits him, “Stop that!”
The hunter’s ankles are locked around Cas’ hips, hands around his neck and Dean leans in. “Thank you,” is all he says, before he kisses Cas.
His hair is still the same, except now they are covered in sand grains. There’s even sand on Dean’s forehead.
“Wait, now that I think about it,” she suddenly puts up a finger, frowning, “There was an incident about a year and a half… now, two years back.”
Cas kicks at the sword that Tony is reaching for and drives his angel blade right through his heart, the demon screaming as he withers into nothing.
Dean had given him a very insulted glance but then, he realized what Cas had said. They both stared at each other until Dean gave a small snicker and an eyeroll and Castiel leaned in to kiss his cheek in apology.
Dean’s sleeves of the flannel shirt are rolled up, revealing his arms and in here, when it’s just the two of them, he’s barefoot in the blue faded jeans.
She sets down the boneless wings and their drinks expertly, flipping the empty tray and tucking it under her arm and then flashing a toothy grin towards Castiel.
Dean sighs and throws his hands up in surrender and gives Cas a look. “He’s your kid.” he tells him and saunters to a safe distance from the spider’s lair.
“Dean!” Castiel yells, shocked and anguished, “Stop- Put me d- Unhand me, I’m an angel of the lord-”
“Okay, first of all, fuck you. Second of all, oh no wait, that was it, Mr. I bet that cute waitress would like my car.” He has no idea why the hell that came out of his mouth but it’s not like he can back down now, so he pushes his jaw forward defiantly and opens the book with a bang on the table.
“Haa-haa. How’d you figure it out, then?” Dean changes the subject and Sam ruffles around, he must still be in the car. He’d taken Castiel’s, because Dean’s said it a million times - if there’s a choice, no one drives Baby unless it’s him.
The angel’s hands almost automatically find Dean’s hips and steady him, looking up towards the hunter, still linked with him and the mixtape player by the string of earbuds.
Castiel can see the crook of his mouth, the line between his brows. His eyelashes flutter as he dreams. His eyes go to Dean’s naked torso for a moment but comes right back up again, scolding himself.
“If you keep up that pace, my grandma can beat your feathery ass.” Dean tells him, gulping the beer and setting the empty bottle on the table a little further from the foosball one.
And there comes a sudden realization, that maybe this is how it should end. This is how he should say goodbye.
How can there be boneless wings? Aren’t wings the part of a bird that most certainly has bones? And what if the bones are taken out of the wings? Isn’t that just chicken fillet?
The hunter’s got to admit, the angel looks adorable like this. He’s so tiny, Dean could probably fit him in his pocket. A light bulb comes on in his mind.
Dean thanks his charm once again, and sits down on the couch in the hallway with her. She’s definitely too close.
Sam’s brows furrow. “Okay, so the victim, Eli Cortese, was found in a motel room, on the bed with no mattress and just the frame, arms and legs stretched to the point of dislocation and tied to the bed posts, as well as,” he says, eyeing his laptop, pausing in disbelief “the head was also um, stretched, until it came clean off.” Sam finishes slowly.
The last almost always falls on Dean, not that he minds. He loves when people compliment his cooking and cherises the satisfied smiles he gets when the stomachs have been filled and the relaxed atmosphere takes over.
? Or because you think I look freaking hot in a cowboy hat?” Dean then asks and without warning, he moves from Cas’ side to straddle him, hands supporting himself on Cas’ shoulders.
And his eyes don’t leave Cas, he keeps staring at him, while the girls dance and when Cas says “Dean, what was the point, if you don’t even watch,”, the man just leans in and kisses him again.
When Castiel’s fingers go to Dean’s forehead, a gesture the man knows oh-so-well, he flinches, but not of fear.
“See you back here.” his brother says, when Castiel slugs back against the wall and looks even a little disappointed.
Sam rolls his eyes at them and they settle down, the brothers bickering about who gets to sit in the center and hold the popcorn, while Cas sits in the right-side recliner, an amused smile on his face.
“Then, maybe later. When there’s no one to hear us.” Castiel tells him and steps back, bending over to pick up the pants and put them on.
Sam distributes a mug of coffee to Dean and leans on the table. “It won’t be permanent, but I think we should probably not include you in any hunts until you’re back, full-size.”
“I want to listen to it. Will you listen to it with me?” Dean’s face isn’t as guarded anymore, it’s open and more vulnerable, sincerity clear on it and Cas blinks.
Castiel wasn’t being presumptuous into thinking that it might be so. It was there, in the touches and the worried, uttered sentences and words whenever Dean was too afraid of losing the angel.
Cas’ mouth slides on his skin, hot and leaving a trail of saliva in its wake and the other hand tugs a little at Dean’s hair.
“Yeah, I know.” Dean says, and when he breathes out, it’s like there’s a burden there, something he can’t lift on his own. “They’re just… seem- feel very real, ya’know?”
“Jack! Where is that kid,” Dean mumbles, setting down his bag once he gets down the stairs. “Jack! Kid! Get in here.”
Cas’ leans in automatically and Dean doesn’t pull away, their foreheads touching from the sides, as Dean leads them in a small circle.
“So, in other words, she caught you here and you made a deal.” Castiel snarls and Tony tisks, pointing the balde at him, while they circle around each other.
Jack’s face lights up ridiculously and Dean feels a warmth towards the kid. He notices Cas watching their interaction from the corner of his eyes, a gentle smile on his lips.
„Listen, it’ll be fun. We clean the place together, assign each of us some rooms and help Jack and Cas figure it out along the way. Dean, you’re the messiest person I know,“ Sam adds, admonishing and Dean almost smacks his face „Maybe it’s time you tidy your room up. Or your man-cave.“
Castiel’s lips form a tight line for a minute, before he says, “No, that has not changed. It’s just that,” he pauses while sneaking a glance at Dean, who averts his eyes but can’t hide the small smile and Castiel goes on, “Dean usually eats mine.”
Dean can see that Cas is truly scared that it might not - to stay like this forever would be… well, Dean’s the last person who wants that, all jokes aside.
And Dean Winchester, of everything on this Earth, would bring him to his knees and have him fall, fall, fall, straight into the darkness so he could be the one to pull Cas into the light.
Cas feels his heart thump in his vessel, it’s going faster than when they were chasing Procrustes not even two hours ago.
Another day of doing nothing about whatever this is. Maybe they won’t ever do anything about it. Would that be so bad?
Sam snorts, Castiel gives Dean an apprehensive look but then directs himself towards Jack, smiling once again.
He doesn't even have to form the question, Cas' anguished look, eyes staring back with sorrow and rejection, tell him everything.
He enjoys looking at the movies, but he also enjoys looking at Dean, who’s looking at movies. His expression are something very endearing - the little frown between the brows, the way his lips stay parted for a while, when he’s watching an intense scene, the way his laughs from heart, when something dumb happen that Cas doesn’t find all that funny.
The angel’s hands go to Dean’s face, one slips into his hair while the other hold his jaw in place and Dean has no words left except for ‘fuck’, seconds before Cas kisses him.
“Well, thank you.” Dean’s voice is so quiet, so soft, that it’s barely audible, if Castiel wouldn’t be an angel, he’d probably not heard it.
He ignores Sam’s judging glance and they take off, while Sam is left to show Castiel how a vacuum cleaner works.
The hunter glares at him and then grabs the thing, holding it up. “This is what you chose?” his voice is demanding and slightly disbelieving.
Dean is there for him and telling him that he is still Cas. Still Castiel, the angel who fell for Dean Winchester.
“Dean?” he asks, when Dean stumbles back a little, hand going to his nose. Another scream and Dean’s head flips towards the ceiling, where it seems to emit from.
She makes an effort of catching Castiel’s attention, one hand sliding onto his shoulder before she bids them goodbye and leaves the ever so cheerful ‘hopefully see you soon, handsome’ in the space between them.
“I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from the pocket.” Dean lowers his voice comically, in a poor imitation of Cas and Sam burst into ugly barks of laughter by the counter.
Dean’s hand around his neck reaches towards his face a bit, the thumb skirting the outer edge of Cas’ mouth and Dean smirks. “Like I said, a dork. Let’s get this party going.”
It's unclear if Cas means in the Empty or right now, but for good measure Dean shouts "What? You don't think you deserve to be saved?"
Dean stops for a minute, staring at the boy. Jack’s dusting the last of the vinyls and is smiling down at the Zeppelin's Mothership.
“Down here,” Castiel grumbles and Dean kneels to help the angel out from under the jacket of a vampire.
Castiel’s gaze darkens a bit but he falls into Dean gently, kissing him once more. It’s sweet but it’s sensual. With a little flick of his tongue, Dean’s melting in his arms.
“We’re at a beach. We’re supposed to be swimming.” he gives Dean his most patronizing look, but the hunter just lies there, eyes closed, with a peaceful smile on his face.
„Or maybe, it’s put here by some of our frequent and most petulant guests. Like Crowley.“ Dean announces.
Dean shakes his head, bringing him closer with one swoop movement and says “Shut up and dance with me, Cas.”
Castiel detects Sam’s smuggish smile but ignores it - Dean hums happily and Castiel counts it as a win. Even if Dean called his car a piece of crap.
It turns out that cleaning is kind of fun, because there are some things in his room and in the Dean-cave that the hunter has completely forgotten about.
Dean’s hand lingers on the Impala’s door, like he wants to say something. His mouth is even open, but then he nods awkwardly and gets in.
Castiel’s hand is still cradling Dean’s cheek, moves to his jaw, the other has been released by Dean’s hands in favor of grabbing Castiel by the front of his jacket, so Castiel moves the ever so slightly injured hand around Dean’s waist in an effort to pull him closer.
“No, Cas,” Sam sighs, rolling his eyes yet again, “That was sarcasm. I know baconiest is not a word.”
But the word doesn’t leave a bitter taste in Castiel’s mouth. It elevates him, making him stronger, making him more determined. It makes him want to live and make Dean live as well.
Dean is singing as he gets to the kitchen, much to Castiel’s dismay, but that doesn’t mean Dean’s about to stop.
“If you think you’re going to lose me, that will never happen.” Castiel says gently and he means it. Dean could call him names and ask him to leave the Bunker but he’d never be completely gone.
Cas opens his eyes and the blue shines just as it did when he was his normal size. He waves a hand lazily. “I do prefer it, actually. Less cheesy lines, more ass, though”
When it’s a Thursday night and they are sitting in the kitchen, Sam is rolling his eyes at Dean, which is something Cas has seen a billion times and that’s saying something. Considering he’s a very old celestial being.
Jack almost vibrates with excitement. „Really? That would be so cool!“ he exclaims and leans down to help Dean.
“I’ll watch something educational next time, I promise.” Jack says, like he’s at a class and being the best student there is.
Usually, Castiel goes to take a room for himself or just goes around town, finding things to do, but Sam was the one who said that Castiel shouldn’t be kicked out just because he doesn’t sleep.
“You didn’t sleep well last night,” Castiel starts and Dean’s eyes flicker to him, the panic rising. Is Cas going to talk about last night? But the angel continues effortlessly, gliding over the awkward tension Dean’s feeling, “You should maybe get some more rest. If we need to fight tonight, you should be your best self.”
“Hey, if you’d have just told us you’re into freaky shit in the bedroom, we’d known she was gonna come after you,” Dean gets a death glare from Sam and he laughs, then winces.
He peers in from the door, not wanting to invade Dean’s privacy and finds him on the recliner, standing up and playing air-guitar while mouthing the words.
Still, he looks towards the angel and when Castiel looks back, Dean is once again struck by the blueness of them. How can they be so blue? So transparent?
Dean can also be irritating, but that doesn’t mean a thing because Cas still finds it endearing. It’s still beautiful.
Dean’s wearing his dark-green flannel, the white shirt underneath clinging to his body and Castiel’s eyes almost, almost don’t notice because they fall onto Dean’s lips instead.
He swallows, feeling as if speech has abandoned him completely, but maybe none of the words he has to say will do Dean any justice.
“Who?” Castiel asks from where he is sitting on the dashboard, back to the road and his eyes on Sam, legs dangling over the edge.
Castiel has come to understand that Dean appreciates the fact that he doesn’t have to live with the guilt of ordering ‘too much’ food for himself, making Sam mock him for eating too much and getting flabby.
Dean wraps himself around Cas like a vine around a tree, and in the water it’s that much easier to do, especially because it’s shallow and Cas’ feet still touch the ground.
“You don’t eat, Cas, last time I checked. Or has that changed?” Sam asks, obviously not aggressive like Cas might’ve come off as, but simply curious.
After everything, after all the words, nothing does Dean Winchester justice. So all Cas can do is stare and admire.
But, when Ritika comes off to collect the payment, Dean’s upset demeanor makes a comeback in the form of a half-muttered threat and vague hand gestures.
’, but Dean’s dumb enough to ignore it, “In Lord of the Rings, dwarves weren’t that much smaller than a kid. You’re more like, the size of a Pez dispenser.”
And Cas leans in, giving him a kiss right on the lips and Dean takes the dishwashing liquid and the sponge at the same time from his hands. He hums against Cas’ lips.
“Then don’t do it.” Dean advises, “If only to mess with someone. Or like an emergency lie, you know? I do it all the time. Here, watch.” Dean turns to Sam. “Sam, your hair looks great.”
Dean shuffles on his bed a bit, forward and Castiel is immobile and suddenly, he’s scared. For what, he’s not sure.
It happened accidentally at first. Castiel was going around the counter with a hot coffee pot while Dean was rounding the same corner, making the angel almost drop the entire thing. He clutched the pot and hissed in his morning, grumpy voice: “Watch where you’re going, stupidhead”.
“I don’t like the way you wake up in the morning, when we’re on a hunt, and leave like you’ve done something shameful. If falling asleep next to me is so horrible, don’t do it at all and spare me from having to watch you go through the 5 stages of grief everytime.”
He almost falls into the hunter, his hands going behind his back to steady himself when Dean kisses him utterly breathless, his hands clutching at the old trench coat.
He smiles against Dean’s neck. “I know. But I know they’re watching, making sure you’re happy. It is your day, after all.”
Then, there’s a thumping sound from Sam’s direction and Dean sees him tapping his foot to the same beat.
Dean does it in a second, his eyes gazing up at Castiel. The flooding light surrounds them both so that there’s nothing else to see, nothing but the blinding shine coming from Cas.
When Dean Winchester finally reaches Heaven, when Castiel finally finds him again and they finally lock eyes, it’s easier than breathing.
Castiel’s eyes go to Dean, he nods and starts towards the door again, when Tony knocks his head back with a snarl and Dean’s nose bleeds immediately, letting him go with a grunt.
Cas rolls his eyes at Dean’s comment and taps the DVD he rented from a nearby place. It’s funny, when he went to pick it up, he had no idea renting DVD’s were a thing.
It’s tricky, the globe being round and all, but Cas instinctively grabs onto the top of it and stands up, looking surprised.
Dean’s eyes go wide as he sees him and his eyes go over his brother's tall, tan figure. Sam is also wearing beach shorts, but there’s something else.
“Well,” Dean says proudly, delivering his line, “If you’re the snitch, then I’m the seeker, ‘cause you’re the one I’ve been looking for.”
When Dean left the bunker to go on a hunt, Castiel always insisted he’d come with. When Dean said no, Castiel said with the biggest puppy eyes - Family means nobody gets left behind.
Dean lets a hand go through his hair, about to snap back, when Ritika comes around again, smiling brightly and her heels clicking on the floor.
“No,” Castiel agrees, leaning onto the top of the globe and manages to look sexy even at 5 inches, “I learned how to make you blush all on my own.”
“Hey, earth to Mr. You’re supposed to swim on the beach,” Dean snaps his fingers in front of Cas, “Can you even swim?”
’ Well, that’s not gross at all.” Dean reads out loud, hand moving on the pages as he traces the lines.
“I supposed we haven’t looked at gods yet.” Castiel says, looking up, finger tapping at a paper about
He’s never been good at denying Dean anything and right now, he can’t deny that he would do anything, give anything.
And yet, it's not, because Dean knows that he's not supposed to be out here, looking for the damn stubborn, dumbass friend of his, because Cas was supposed to be in the bunker, with him.
Dean’s face is shocked, to say the least. “Just a burger? That was the best burger in this part of the Western Hemisphere!”
“Now what did we say about lying, Jack?” Castiel admonishes, while Dean grabs a chair to sit down in.
It felt like it would be another set of years before Dean would allow himself to admit that he might just feel the same.
Jack is doing something close to dancing, twirling around and laughing, while Dean is the only one holding the tune.
Castiel can feel his breath on his jaw and neck. His vessel, Jimmy Novak, who he has chosen to appear as in order to shield Dean and appear as familiar as possible, trembles slightly and he can feel the heartbeat of it pound against his ribcage mercilessly.
Years, since something changed with him and Dean. It happened gradually, subtle brushes of hand here, caressing of the face there, when one of them was in danger.
“Cas!” he can vaguely hear Dean’s voice and Sam’s shouting, when his eyes close for a moment, and the manager laughs.
Somehow, Castiel feels like this time, it’s stretched the string between them so far it’s threatening to snap and the angel is close to leaning over and cutting the cord himself.
Now this one is definitely a play on words, Castiel realizes. He knows that a burger doesn’t always have to have the patty made from beef, but it can also be chicken and to Dean’s great dismay, fish.
He’s so preoccupied about thinking of making Cas smile even more, that he stumbles against the table, knocking a bunch of books down and one of them lands on his toes.
Dean’s gaze falls to the movie and he makes wide-eyes, staring at Cas and back at the DVD. “You’re kidding.”
“I don’t get it,” Dean whispers, as they climb the steps, “If she’s the one killing them all, how come she had an alibi?”
“I think we might have most of it here, maybe even all of it. The Men of Letters are pretty prepared for stuff like this.” Sam says, nodding towards the bunker’s lower floors.
Dean ducks at one of the vamps and slices his arm off, while Castiel stabs the vampire he landed on in the eyes, blinding him.
Sleep takes over Dean in just a matter of minutes, his eyelids slowly closing and Castiel can feel the fingers slip from his as Dean falls back on the bed, his head hitting hitting the pillow, just enough.
“Atticus. That’s the name of the motel.” Sam says, grunting like he’s reaching for something. “And I remembered that Procrustes was descended from Attica. Seemed like too big of a coincidence. My money’s on the manager.”
Dean feels something tinge in him at that - is Castiel really so bummed out about not getting to leave this place? Of staying alone with Dean? He clenches his jaw and stays quiet, only mumbling a goodbye to Sam.
Dean took the Impala, just as it started raining, but he had no clue where he was going. So he just took a turn and started driving towards the nearest town, when he saw the light flicker at a roadside gas station. And a strange pull made him turn the wheel, coming to a screeching halt in front of it and then he had spotted it.
“The other murders. That was you too, or was that him?” Dean asks, leaning onto the desk again, his face scrunched up in pain. His hand is bleeding more than it was before and Castiel is positive if he’d move his hand, the bone would be visible.
“They’re just nightmares. That would never happen, Dean.” Castiel’s voice is soothing, even though Dean feels like he wants to break something. “You have saved Sam more times than I can count. And everyone else. You love them, they are your family. If there’s one thing I know, it’s that you will always look after your family.”
It’s weirdly quiet, when they dust and replace things and suddenly, Dean accidentally starts humming a tune.
“Don’t sweat it, kid. Besides,” Dean lowers his voice so Sam can’t hear, “Scooby Doo is a hell of a show. We should watch it together, some time.”
Dean is kissing him with a gentle, but evident enthusiasm, the hand that was under his chin still there, fingers holding on as he presses his lips to Cas.
“Damas,” Castiel starts, his voice a little gravelly, so he clears it, “As in Damastes? One of the many names you have.”
“I need to go to bed, long day. See you in the morning, Cas.” Dean says, the finality in his tone telling Castiel that it’ll be another day.
Dean is an alarming shade of red and Castiel stares at him, not really understanding why, but knowing that's not a good sign.
Castiel’s hand tightens on his jaw and he moves Dean’s head to the side, to kiss a trail down his neck and leaves small bites here and there.
“We’re both tired from a hunt, everytime. I’m giving us both space.” Dean says now, like he’s arguing in a debate contest.
After a good five minutes, Cas suddenly looks towards the beach and then back, remembering something crucial.
“Hey, that’s a classic. You don’t go insulting the classics. Have I ever said a bad word about Celine Dion?”
Cas raises his head so he could look up at Dean, blue eyes wide and piercing as his hand goes to Dean's cheek to hold it. But his other hand, as he angles himself towards Dean, goes to his chest. Right above the heart, snaking his fingers under the fabric against the warm skin and Dean draws a breath.
“You cheated,” Cas tells Dean, when he gets to the water, lowering himself in the cool liquid substance - what a relief from the scorching sun.
“What are you still doing here? Get over here, dork.” Dean tells him, voice soft, low and something so much more that Cas closes the door, before he comes over to gently lower himself next to Dean.
“I don’t know how to dance, Dean,” he says, slightly panicking, but the hunter snorts, pointing to himself with their intertwined hands.
There are unspoken words there, something Cas is accustomed to - Dean is not great with words, but it doesn't matter.
Dean thinks about the food Castiel ordered and declared that it was for Dean. Not for Sam, but for Dean. His heart, the bastard, betrays him again and does a little flip at the memory.
Castiel speaks, careful to be as soft as his grace allows him, but Dean doesn’t flinch back, almost as if they are speaking through mind and not words carried out in the space between them.
They make do, whenever they can’t quite manage with upholding a tradition. They try and that’s what counts.
It had been years since Castiel first understood what he felt was love, but it felt twice as much had passed since Dean had also understood this, acknowledged it and never spoken of it.
He’s close to the hunter but not close enough. He could reach out and hold his hand, but he doesn’t.
So it’s hard not to look. It’s like the blue eyes are magnets and Dean’s just being pulled right in.
She leaves her hands leaning onto the table, seemingly wanting to get closer as she speaks and Castiel tilts his head up a little, managing a shy smile. “Um, no thank you, just the hot dog is fine.”
“Mh?” Dean says intelligently and then looks at the angel, who’s staring at him expectantly. “Oh, right. Wait, no. What?” He says now, also a very coherent thing to say and Castiel gives him a weird look.
Dean turns, with Castiel in his pocket, because they were supposed to leave on a hunt with Sam and the angel refused to be left behind. Dean couldn’t possibly be arguing with that level of sass or cuteness - besides, keeping an eye on him in his pocket couldn’t be that difficult.
There’s a silence that follows, where Castiel neither confirms or denies it. He’s still standing at the edge of Dean’s bed, close but somehow so far.
Kissing is awesome, especially with Cas. But they’ve only recently discovered that they were both being morons and that there was nothing preventing them from being able to touch each other they way they wanted to.
Not because they are exactly what he wants to hear but because he is selfish enough to want them. To want for Dean to want him.
“You’re gonna hurt yourself, Dean.” Sam says, not sounding particularly worried but more like he’s talking to a teenager.
Ritika smiles politely and jots down Sam’s spicy chicken sandwich and a diet coke (Dean snorts but doesn’t say anything because at least it’s not a salad, or that’s what Cas thinks goes through the hunters head), then Castiels hot dog and a regular water and then Dean’s order of the boneless wings, the combo and a regular coke.
Sam goes straight to the fridge to get an ice-pack for his head and Dean saunters to the kitchen table.
It’s the little things that Cas has begun to notice even more, that make him want to wrap Dean into a hug. Just to hold him.
Dean groans and then stares at the thing again. Cas waits. He looks over to Dean, his blue eyes wide and pleading and Dean sighs.
He pulls himself away, leaning down to pick up the blanket. He lets it fall over Dean in a careful gesture, moving back to his chair.
When Castiel thanks her and glances back over to Dean, who’s letting Jack taste one of the honey flavors and Jack looks like he’s having the time of his life.
“Well, of course. Although, you already have,” she says ever so sweetly, her eyelashes fluttering and leaning over the counter slightly.
It’s an encouragement. Dean knows what Castiel’s grace means to him. He knows and he’s there for him. There for the Angel about to be stripped naked from his powers, the one thing that makes him who he is.
And Dean doesn’t comment. He listens. Song after song, he listens and says nothing, a small smile on his face and eyes closed, as much as Cas can see as he carefully peers at Dean, from time to time.
Dean forgets how to breathe (doesn’t think he even can) and from his throat comes a small little noise that’s muffled by Cas’ mouth on his.
“Awesome,” he gets in response, Dean throwing him one of his bright smiles and Castiel feels like he’s made the right choice.
Cas takes off his coat and holds it above their heads, even though they're both already unsalvageably soaked.
He’d paved his own demise long ago, but that’s not Dean’s fault. Dean’s only fault was exposing his own truths to Castiel in the way that made the Angel believe that what he set out for could be achieved - that
Dean’s face looks peaceful now and it’s hard not to look, when Castiel finds him so utterly vulnerable like this. So beautiful.
“You made a deal so he would cover your tracks and you’d get to keep on killing. In return you spared him his life.” Castiel clarifies and props up further. His eyes are on the woman but he’s already pinpointed how much time exactly it would take him to get to the stake.
Ayesha's hands twist. “I don’t see how that’s relevant.” Her voice is now aggressive and she stands. “In fact, I’d like you to leave.”
Sam clears his throat. „My point exactly. Cas takes the kitchen with me and Jack can help Dean out.“
He wants this to be clear as day so he can finally find something relative to peace of mind. At the very least.
“Okay, guys, what can I get ya?” She’s chewing gum, her red lipstick a little smudged at the edge, but her hair is beautifully drawn up, covered by a bandana, that’s knotted at the top of her head.
The sun is scorching hot, so is the yellowy sand that gets absolutely everywhere, and Cas feels like Dean might be doing this just so torture him.
Cas nods along, because really, what else can he do? He absolutely wants to watch any movie with Dean.
Let’s not talk about how an angel is in love with a hunter, because such things are not to be talked about.
“Oh, for the love of-” Sam starts and waves a hand between them, “don’t start this again or I’ll ground you both.”
Suddenly, Dean’s up and going towards the shelf with all the vinyls and beer bottles he’s kept because they have cool labels on them, bullets with inscriptions on them, that one weird-shaped rock Cas once found on the ground and Dean insisted on putting it on the shelf, and reaches out in search of something, rummaging around.
When Dean pulls back, Cas’ breath has been stolen away effectively, leaving him gazing at the vivid, green eyes, the small crinkles at the corners and the slope of Dean’s nose. The tiny freckles adorning that nose and cheeks.
Dean’s heart is pounding so hard, no matter that Cas can hear it - even Sam could hear it from next door.
“Sam, you’re on speaker.” Dean places the phone onto the table, but before he can go on, Sam interrupts.
“But, at the same motel, there have been cases just like this in the past 20 years. 4 victims, 5 with this one.” Sam goes on, ignoring Dean.
“You’re beautiful.” Dean says, his voice is so small, just like he is, beneath Castiel, staring around him, lost in all the grace that seeks to wrap Dean in it, like Castiel’s very being aches to be close to him, close to his soul.
The angel’s finger hovers over desserts, when he hears Dean say “I’ll have the bacon-egg sandwich, fries on the side and a coke, please.”
„I know you two just discovered making-out but this doesn’t mean you get to spend every second exchanging saliva. You two aren’t cleaning together if we want anything done.“ Sam says and even though Dean’s usually very breezy about him and Cas, his ears turn red.
He supposes that it’s a play on words and a take on the checkered flag which is used to start a race.
Dean’s words stutter, catch in his throat and his hand curls around Castiel’s arm, slow and hesitant, still.
“Cas, what are you on about?” Dean asks, when Cas pulls up the thick book, pages open from almost in the middle and points at it.
“Cas, you ready?” his long hair is even longer than usual and he refuses to let either Dean or Castiel give him a haircut (Castiel is actually very okay with that, since he doesn’t know the first thing about cutting hair).
It’s exhilarating, to say the least. And he’s seen so many things in this world, experienced so many things and yet, this is the one thing that never ceases to amaze him.
After a beat, Dean laughs. A short but joyful laugh and he steps back into Castiel’s space and put his forehead on the angel's.
“I don’t- I don’t know.” Dean says and Castiel can hear it in his voice - that he knows, but doesn’t want to say it.
” as he finds what he’s looking for - it looks just like the mixtape, but it’s bigger, with buttons on it and a small, tiny screen.
After what seems to be an eternity, Charlie has gotten Hunter (which she has named the spider) into a little cage she’s produced.
“Nothing at all.” he says happily and pulls their joined hands up, to kiss the back of Dean’s gently.
“Of course.” is what he says, even though it gives him a certain kind of anxiety to listen to the tape with Dean,
Kissing Dean is something Cas isn’t used to. They’ve done it plenty of times now, but it still astonishes him - that he can actually do it.
“That if I asked you to try and get back up that cliff together and stay with me through all of it, that you’d say no to that.” He’s long past the metaphors, he doesn’t even know if they’re making sense but Dean seems to understand.
Dean stares at him, eyes crinkling when he smirks and shakes his head lightly, as if Cas said something funny. “Yes, Cas, we’re eating nachos. Come on, you were supposed to pick this one, remember?”
And that’s exactly what happens, when Dean says “I’d give you everything I could” and closes the gap between them. Like the incredible force field that usually stands in their way has vanished into nothing.
Dean gives him a small smile. The corner of his lips quirking up, eyes on Cas as he breathes out, “It’s from you, of course it is.”
Before Dean can say anything (probably something stupid like ‘do me’), Castiel is standing there in his boxers and apparently, feels no shame about it.
Dean’s green eyes regard him carefully, but then he lays back against Cas, who instinctively leans down to kiss Dean’s jawline.
Her eyes, almost glowing in the dark light, follow Dean out and he swears he could feel them even when outside in the sun, leaning over his Impala.
He picks a song out of each one and tells it to Dean, who then has to guess what kind of album they’re dealing with.
He can see Dean swallow and then school his face into the usual smug one. “Maybe next time we should just buy more nachos.”
He thought everything needed to be bought, but turns out there are places where you can rent something and then bring it back. Like a library for DVD’s.
Cas remembers reading that famous poem about sand and images of innocence, corrupted by evil and demise. But to see something grand in the smallest of schemes was always Cas’ talent, or so he would like to think.
His mind tells him to pull away, because what’s happening can’t possibly be right, but he stays put. He’s nailed in place by Cas’ blue eyes boring into his and his finger on his jaw and his hand, now slightly touching his glass-free hand.
He takes the angel out and puts him on the counter, kneeling in front of him with his elbows on the surface and blinks at Castiel, mouth curved into a smile.
The dim light blinks next to them, probably a very old light bulb, and the light flickers across Dean’s face.
It’s dark in the room, nothing but Sam’s breathing to be heard and Dean’s looking back, probably only seeing the outline of Cas.
“That’s alright. We’ll just have to dig deeper. Is there anything we haven’t checked yet? Cross-references? Any entities that we haven’t considered?” Sam asks, playing chipper and Dean grinds his teeth.
Sam opens his mouth but another waitress passes by, so he shuts his laptop quick, while Dean mumbles something under his breath and finishes his burger.
Castiel’s eyes go to Dean, when Procrustes speaks again, moving closer to Sam. “Ah, you’re one of my favorites. I mean, I’ve heard about the Winchesters of course, but I never imagined you being so tall. It’ll be fun, I’m sure.”
“Would you have wanted to? Would you have liked it if we didn’t stop?” Castiel asks and even though he already made the tensions fall a bit, now they’re back on for Dean.
“I don’t know what you want from me,” Dean says then, quiet and it even sounds like a lie. Because they both know it is.
After a beat, and a lot of staring, Dean smiles. “Let’s get you into normal-size so I don’t accidentally eat you when I try to kiss you.”
“This,” Cas points towards them, where Dean’s still clinging to him like a koala, “is called swimming? Besides, I want something to drink.”
Dean takes one careful step towards him, unsure, tentatively reaching out his hand, shaky fingers cradling the side of Castiel’s face.
Dean’s face is unmoving, besides that small smile, his eyes fixed on Cas, before he leans down, forehead touching the angel’s and whispers “You are fucking amazing. Do you have any idea how much you mean to me?”
He scrapes the floor with the chair accidentally, but other than Sam’s small mumble, the Winchesters are unbothered by the sound.
“Nope,” Dean wiggles a finger to his face and Cas frowns adorably, “You’re not using your mojo for mundane shit anymore. Besides, you don’t have to wear that suit all the time.”
Castiel distracts himself from thinking about Dean in the shower by cracking open the first book he can get his hands on, sitting behind the small rounded desk in their motel room.
Cas looks over Dean’s shoulder, being shorter than him means his mouth and nose both touch Dean’s jacket he’s wearing, eyes roaming over him down to the squared, thin boxes that contain Dean’s favorite songs.
Dean’s hand is a bit stretched, so he can reach Castiel and Cas steps a little closer to the edge of the bed, letting Dean’s hand wrap around his own.
It makes no sense to make a whole new dish out of it, but seeing that Dean’s already ordered a plate -
He almost forgets Cas is there, when he slices the head clean off, but is reminded of the angel as he gets surrounded by three vamps while Sam gets the girl out of the building.
Castiel can’t help but smile, or did he never stop in the first place? The warmth around his heart squeezes tight and he exhales, letting it spread all over his body.
Castiel straightens up and stretches, his eyes glowing blue and the faint shadow of his wings is produced by the small candle-light on the table.
“Um, in that piece of crap you drive?” Dean snarks and Castiel knows he has done nothing to deserve it ,so for once, he stands to protect himself.
Castiel leans over to get a closer look. „I didn’t think tarantulas were a common animal in these parts.“ He muses.
Procrustes gives them a wide smile, getting up. “Bingo. And, I don’t mind more company, but you’re kind of ruining the vibe. So, if you wait your turn I promise it’ll be quick. Well,” she seems to consider her words, “quick for this one.” she nods towards Sam.
A quick job for the three of them. Well, two and a half of them. Dean snorts as he thinks of that, but has enough wits to stay silent.
“Can I-” the start of a sentence, when Dean’s hand goes to Castiel’s arm, stopping his movement that would hurl them both towards the Earth, away from this place between the terrestrial planes and the Heavenly gates, not exactly nowhere but the at the same time, not existing.
As soon as it’s in his hands, Dean is next to him. Castiel stares up at him, inclining his head and Dean takes out the knife in his jacket.
Dean remembers the weird feeling he’d gotten when talking to the motel manager. The shivers and the eerie feeling of hair standing on end at the back of his head. “But she’s a woman.” he says dumbly and Sam sighs.
Dean says go for dogs but no go for lizards or spiders. Sam says cats make him sneeze. Castiel is fond of parrots, but anything winged (like bees) gets his attention.
“Jesse, that antichrist kid? The one who turned you into an action-figure?” Sam now asks, as Dean stares at the small angel.
Dean’s caught off guard and he stares at Cas. He’s so lost and Castiel can’t help him find his way - not if Dean doesn’t want it.
Cas tilts his head a little, and Dean does not find it adorable in the least bit, but when Castiel sits across from him, eyes roaming over the table, Dean watches his fingers scramble through the papers on the wooden surface.
If they’re both hurting then maybe it’s best just to do that. Let all the hurt out now, to save them from further pain in the end.
Castiel looks down at the human, Dean Winchester, speaking of starlight and beauty and he thinks that maybe heavenly doesn’t mean heaven-made or heaven-touched. Maybe heavenly is
Dean’s fingers brush over his cheekbone and then, he leans in, forehead going against Cas, the ragged breath released is of relief. The green eyes close and Castiel decides to close his as well, the grace that’s left humming in his fingertips, hot where he touches Dean.
“Well, if you change your mind, just let me know, handsome.” she winks and turns on her feet, swaying a little as she walks.
“Thanks, Cas, but it’s quicker if we all help along.” Sam says immediately, waving him off, almost knocking over the book that’s stacked next to him.
He lets the grace in the vial slip into his own pocket, before his attention goes back to Dean, who is still holding his hand softly, even though the finger is now securely wrapped.
The thing with the angel is – he’s irresistible. And yet, they’ve done nothing but, well, make-out. And Dean’s more than cool with that because A. Castiel hasn’t had a lot of experience, B. Dean’s still not over the fact that he’s in love with a man and C. This is Cas. If anything, they should go even slower.
Sam’s phone is lying on the floor of the car, almost under the front seat and the screen is displaying missed calls from Dean.
And, just as he suspected, as the angel gazes upwards, he sees Dean mouth the exact same line, eyes widening and a smile adorning his lips. All signs point to the fact that Dean has already made up his mind.
He can’t say anything, it would seem, he can feel his throat closed up. Can feel the throbbing of his fingertip where it was cut, can feel his knees shaking along with his hands. The humane feelings flood him so quickly, it’s hard to not be overwhelmed.
That’s the part of Dean that’s by far the most interesting one to the angel, the curve of them is so elegant somehow. They always look inviting, even when Dean’s eyes don’t.
The hunter’s hands flex, they move when he moves, and they are like mountain ridges that change according to the motions of Dean. It’s hard to concentrate, when Dean stands, hands going to his hair to shake off the sand from within, when those emerald green eyes fix themselves on Cas and the former angel takes it all in.
She scoots closer, smiling brighter now and pulling a thinking face, “Hmmm,” she hums, hand skimming on the couch between them, “I don’t think so. Sorry, I have awful memory.”
He can see Dean’s smile falter a little, eyes widen a bit, when Cas leans over his own armrest, supporting his elbow on Dean’s chair and with the other, takes a bunch of nachos from the plate.
Looking at Dean now, lying on the golden beach, hands carefully letting the sand slip in between his fingers as his chest rises and falls calmly, Cas looks at the sand in his hair, on his forehead, a grain on his lips.
“I don’t like to see you in distress,” Castiel says, matter-of-factly, but then he says “I want you to be happy.” in a much softer tone, one that involuntarily comes out now.
“I-” Castiel starts and then looks straight at the waiter. “I’ll have a slice of apple pie, please.”
Dean feels a shiver down his spine. Something’s definitely off with this motel. He quickly gets up, just as Regan’s hand moves towards his leg. “Um, thank you, for the info,” he says, bumping into the table as she smirks, licking her lips, watching him go.
It’s easy to imagine that this is it, the end of the road, that from here on out, it’ll be a walk in the park, as Dean would say.
He joins in on the references he understands and makes himself as much of a pain in the ass as the other two hunters in the bunker.
Despite the size, Dean finds that he’s also glad for the fact, or he would’ve already had his ass handed to him.
“I love you.” he says back and Dean smiles. The same smile every time, like his mildly surprised that Cas does, too. It doesn’t matter that Cas was the one who said it first, it still catches Dean by surprise, like he would think that Cas might have been lying.
“I don’t know how to- It’s not easy. I mean, I know it isn’t for you either, but I can’t say the things you want me to.” Dean now replies and he looks more sad then ever. It’s almost like grief.
He reads and reads, without getting tired, but it does get tedious. He sometimes stands, looking out the window, seeing the lamp light flicker.
Most of all, though, Dean could see why Castiel liked the movie so much. It’s about an alien life-form, someone who doesn’t belong on earth (like an angel and the fact that Lilo calls Stitch her angel is just adding to Castiel’s projections), who doesn’t quite know his place and finds a family in a broken and small (but good) band of people.
The sun is shining and the warmth feels good on Castiel’s skin. He lifts his hand, feeling the smeared blood on his face.
“Logical as ever. Alright, Sunshine.” Dean mocks warm heartedly and comes to a sitting position, dusting off the sand from his feet and belly.
“I’m fine, just not looking where I’m going, is all. Cas?” The angel has been staring down at the ground for like a minute now and Dean steps closer gingerly, his foot still aching from the damn book Cas is eyeing.
„I do,“ Dean says and then realizes he’s not being completely honest there. Jack is staring at him, like he’s not sure that he understands, so Dean takes the long road. „I mean, I do.“ He confirms, „But sometimes, it’s nice to think you could do other stuff, right? Like, I don’t know. Be a DJ.“
“You mean murders?” she laughs, and it’s not particularly unpleasant, but there’s something eerie about it, the sound bouncing back from walls. Her long red nails go to her chin as she supports herself on it. “I’ve been manager for just a handful of years and nothing like this has ever happened here, no.”
“Did we actually manage to tire the kid out? It’s like 9 p.m. We did it!” Dean fake-whispers, fist-pumping the air.
Dean doesn’t say anything, but smiles at the angel and Cas keeps his own eyes glued to the TV, where people are shooting and John Reid is not really handling it well. The Lone Ranger doesn’t seem up to the job, not yet anyways.
But Dean knows that's not it, because God is not Chuck, God is a fucking 3-year old and apocalypse looks a whole lot worse than this.
“Yeah, a demigod. Procrustes, to be exact. Likes to play house with real people, only seems as though none of his partners actually ever fit the marriage bed.” Dean snorts and catches the wooden stick Castiel throws to him, the other staying in the angels hand.
Dean’s looking at Sam like he’s gone full-on berserkers. „Like our job isn’t physical enough.“ He mumbles.
It was almost the same one he’s had before, only a little more twisted this time. When he thinks of it, the flashing red lights, splatter of blood he can almost feel on his cheeks and the yanking, hollow feeling in his chest cavity, he slightly shakes his head, to get rid of the damned images.
Dean slaps on his best smile. “Actually, I’m from the FBI.” he says, flashing his badge, “Agent Seger. I was wondering if I could speak to the manager?”
Jack makes a ‘wheeeeee’ noise when he stands up on the couch, with Cas, Dean and Sam all running towards him, hands waving around and going “Jack, no-”
When Cas reaches up just a little, stretching so he could meet Dean halfway, the heartbeat under his fingertips beats loud.
“Cas,” Dean says and it’s soft. So soft, Castiel is rethinking about coming in here, demanding- demanding what? Justice? For his feelings? Maybe he should’ve stayed in the kitchen. Alone, letting it all bubble up inside and why shouldn’t he? He’s an angel, he can deal with his emotions.
So they haul one of the armchairs from the main room to the 'Dean-Cave' that night, Sam pointing at the posters of AC/DC and Zeppelin on the walls, commenting on how this looks more like a bachelor’s den with the beer and the TV.
Procrustes’ hammer leans onto Sam now, right on his foot as she lets her body pressure force it down. Sam makes a painful noise and Dean winces.
She raises one perfect eyebrow at Dean and smiles at his defiant pose, one hand on the table in a fist. “Alright, just asking, tough guy. I’ll be back with your meals soon enough.”
“There are other cases, like I said,” Sam goes on, ignoring his brother again, “two of them had the same M.O, but the other two… The legs and arms were cut off, just over the bed frame. The victims bled to death.”
Dean bites his lip as Castiel already grumbles under his breath and tries not to snort. He lowers his voice into a mysterious whisper, leaning into Jack as if telling a secret.
A man, in Heaven’s bounds, looking up at an Angel not with piety or fear, but with devout determination to make him understand - beautiful, however flawed.
Castiel’s eyes lock with his to understand - to see if this is the last time they might meet like this, close and personal and safe.
Cas gives up trying to watch the movie and snakes his hands around Dean’s waist, pulling him completely onto his own chair, right in his lap and Dean makes a small, surprised noise, pulling back to look at Cas.
He opens it, placing Cas’ tape in it like a puzzle piece and Cas watches in fascination, as Dean attaches a pair of headphones to the thing.
“‘Sup, bitches?” Charlie’s voice floats down to them about half an hour later and during this time, Jack has done nothing but stare at the spider with all his might, making sure the thing doesn’t escape somewhere or, god forbid, hurt itself.
There’s a long pause and then Castiel raises his hand, to rub at the bridge of his nose, by the looks of it, and grumbles, “Dean, you’re lucky I’m this small right now.”
Dean burts into a roar of laughter, however, when Sam gives a very firm pull and goes flying backwards with the vacuum, while Cas, who was pulling in the other direction, falls flat onto the floor in the opposite way.
The angel tilts his head a little and Dean’s mouth on his pushes further, more intently, until Dean is almost not on his own chair anymore.
He doesn’t feel pain - the grace leaves him voluntarily and he suspects that Jack’s has some pull here as well, making it as painless for him as possible, for which he is grateful.
Cas mimics the movement of Dean’s from earlier, putting the bud into his ear, and Dean presses play, after which he leans his forehead against Cas’.
That face, the lines drawn there more visible than ever, etched by the cruel mistress called time, but to Cas they make the man even more endearing.
“Dean,” Castiel says again and it’s funny how many different ways he can say it and mean entirely different things. Like right now, he’s being all insistent.
Castiel is so in thought, he almost jumps when the person behind the stall he’s standing at speaks up. “That’ll be 8 dollars, sir.”
The words are soft, almost lost in the space around them, would they not be so close. The closeness is something Castiel has longed for as long as he can remember his time around Dean and his soul. With a jolt he realizes, he won’t ever be able to see it again.
There’s a certain kind of sadness in there, somewhere, and Cas can feel it same as Dean. So he scootches closer, legs going in between Dean’s and head falling onto his shoulder, kissing the hunters shoulder blade.
Dean rolls his eyes and Castiel grits his teeth. He wants to close his eyes but he feels the familiar pain in his chest and he doesn’t think he can do it anymore.
“Jesus, Cas, a warning would be good next time.” Dean exclaims when he turns on the light and sees Castiel just sitting there, hands in his lap and playing with the edge of his trench coat.
Dean held out a finger towards him and said in a mock-serious tone, “Sammy, I can’t believe you’d do this to me. Ohana means family and family means nobody gets left behind, or forgotten. Are you gonna forget my ice cream?”
But Dean’s lips part softly when he studies Castiel’s face, the lines and the curve of his mouth like he’s done before, but this time he doesn’t cower away when Castiel catches him staring, he doesn’t shy away, eyes to the ground and ignoring that the Angel sees and knows. He stares, still, resilient and takes one more step closer.
“I don’t think that staircase works well with that idea. The angle is too weird, you’d just ram into a wall.” Dean’s brother says, but now Dean is thinking that the kid might be onto something.
„Tell you what,“ Dean says, tossing the rag over his shoulder and appraising the state of the flickering light bulb to his right. „After we get Cas that bee-house he wanted, we’ll see if we can find a really cool mystery machine for you, and I’ll teach you how to drive it.“
“Hey, show some respect,” Dean says. Then, he puts his hands on Cas’ hips, his face changes into a comically serious one and he announces “After all, I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from the Empty” with a low, rumbling voice, clearly imitating Cas.
Dean’s hand grabs Cas’ arm and pulls him closer, Dean buries his head into Cas’ trench coat and the angel can feel him laughing.
So he comes up to look at Dean and for some reason, gets the urge to kiss his nose, so he does. Dean smirks at him. “Softy,” he says and Cas slaps his arm playfully.
His head is moving around on the pillow, as much as Cas can see in the dark and since he’s an angel, he can see Dean’s sharp outline well.
“I just want you to tell me, that if we take a step closer to the edge and if we do fall off, that you won’t be able to say the things I want to say. That you won’t be able to soften the blow.” Castiel goes on and even as he speaks, his throat feels painful and he needs to swallow. He doesn’t want to go on but he has to.
You would think that angels being angels, some things just wouldn’t get them, what with all the angels-of-the-lord, wrath-of-god, old-testament kind of shtick they got going on.
“I didn’t really know what to call it. I know a lot of people put something meaningful on it, but I didn’t really-” he doesn’t get a chance to finish, because Dean looks up, shaking his head furiously.
„We wouldn’t?“ Castiel asks, one eyebrow raised in a challenge and Dean wants to squirm in his seat.
She’s excited, says she’s always wanted a pet tarantula and promises to be there in jiffy to rid them from the monstrosity.
Dean is definitely trying to hold back tears, Cas can tell, and so the hunter distracts them by pointing at Sam’s shirt. “What in the hell is that?”
“I’ve got him.” the angel says and lifts Jack to his arms, like he’s not the size of a teenager and carries him off to his own room.
“You’re such a d-” Castiel starts as Dean keens over with laughter, setting the angel down, but Jack chooses this moment to step into the kitchen.
Cas’ arms go to Dean’s shoulders behind his back, listening to the sound of him laughing and he feels as if he’s home.
Cas is drying the last plate, when he realizes it’s gone quiet and he looks to his right, where Dean is leaning onto the counter next to him.
Dean is probably rolling his eyes, Cas can’t tell, but he knows him well enough to imagine him doing it.
“I expect you to be loud, so we should probably wait until everyone else is asleep.” Castiel tells him, like it’s not a big deal.
“I love you.” Dean says then, his voice steady and strong. He’s been making it a point not to let his voice quake or quiver when he says that to Cas.
It’s like a visual representation of the actual bond he feels he has with Dean and somehow, it’s driving him crazy.
“Okay, so maybe it’s just some kind of a freaky human psycho?” Dean says, licking his fingers and Castiel finds the sight fascinating.
And Dean’s eyes certainly don’t find Cas’ flexing muscles underneath the dress-shirt he’s wearing, but Castiel gives him a look and Dean swallows.
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean lets out, he sits on the bed and puts his head in his hand. Something tells Cas that he’s pushing, pushing too far towards the breaking point.
“I don’t think you had a reservation, gentlemen.” the guy says, swinging his sword he picks up form where he dropped it and it’s clear he knows how to use it. Cas swings out his angel blade, because Tony is no demigod, judging by the aura around him and a wooden stake would prove to be inefficient against a sword anyways.
But there’s nothing else they can do, is there? If they can’t talk and if Castiel can’t go over and kiss him senseless, what else is there?
He can hear the breaths and the way Dean’s pulse quickens when he opens his mouth again. “It’s like looking at starlight.”
The paper is rough on the edges, a little yellow and some of the words have faded. The pictures look like they’ve been taken out of a 70s commercial.
“So, what you’re saying is, if there’d be a grandmother Winchester, she’d be exactly like you? Or rather, you’d be exactly like her.” Castiel prompts, when Dean doesn’t move to the table, but leans on the bar he’s built in his ‘Dean Cave’.
Castiel tilts his head, he leans against the door heavily and thinks. He’s done nothing but think these last couple of months.
„And after, maybe we can find you one of those tall, white hats that chefs wear, so you can be a cook!“ Jack’s glee is stupidly contagious, even though his perception of cooks and chefs is only limited to what he’s seen on Hell’s kitchen and Ratatouille.
His fingertips pulse painfully as soon as the grace realizes it’s on the Earth, pulled from it’s Heavenly home, from the Angel it cradled, and Castiel takes a small vial from the pocket of the trenchcoat.
He immediately steps his foot down and feels his face flush in embarrassment, though he doesn’t even know why. It’s just Cas, after all.
He returns Dean’s kiss eagerly, every time they kiss it sparks so much joy in Cas it’s hard to explain the feelings running through him.
“Murder, yes, terrible business. I’m afraid I can’t help you, agent. I’ve already spoke to police and the FBI, so I really don’t see-”
Cas had heard this track many times in the Impala, while they drive to hunts or just on a beer-run, so the words are already embedded in his brain.
Dean’s voice is casual, almost as if masking some sort of secret request, and Castiel knows what that is well.
“Kid,” he says, going back to Jack, “Were you watching Scooby Doo again?” his voice is meant to be stern, but it comes out as amused.
He keeps Dean close when he leans back in and even closer when the pain in his chest gets a bit too much.
Dean hums against him, content and Castiel feels a smile tug at his lips, it’s a new feeling and soon, Dean’s smiling too.
“I know you’re tired, but so am I.” Cas says to Dean, determined like he’s never been before and Dean eyes him carefully.
As they hug, Castiel can feel Dean’s other hand shaking against him. “Dean, your arm…” he starts, but the hunter shakes his head.
Dean stares at the water drops that drip from Cas' hair and down to his lips and Dean's hand goes around the man's waist. Cas, honest to god, giggles and Dean thinks he should be able to put that on a mixtape.
Dean gets up, just to stretch, because the letters are literally floating in front of his eyes now, and gets a glass of water. He almost asks Cas if he wants one, but remember he’s a god-damn celestial being who doesn’t need to drink or eat.
“Would you get down here? I can’t imagine kissing something like a bucket-full of sunlight can be healthy or even possible. And that’s what I wanna do now.”
Castiel’s heart is beating so painfully, it’s unbearable. It hurts, in such a sweet way, he’s not sure if he can take it.
They’ve saved the world so many times, they figured they’d deserve a break. Cas knows that Dean does, more than anyone he’s ever met.
Cas can’t imagine Dean having a lot of birthdays, living the life he has, but it still surprises him a bit. “Really?” He asks, hesitating, “Beach, drinks, sunset?”
Dean’s not sure what possessed him to do what he did last night, but when Cas had stood there, in the darkness of the room and looking so unsure as to whether Dean wanted him close or not, he hadn’t hesitated reaching out.
Cas’ glare is horrendous on him. “He started it!” Dean accuses, pointing at Sam, who shrugs and smirks.
“Wait ‘til Jack sees you.” Dean goes on, his smile now almost splitting as he thinks about the nephilim's glee in seeing the angel this small.
“My day,” he breathes out and Cas hears the wonder in it. It makes his heart ache. That Dean can’t believe this is his day, makes him sad beyond belief.
“Yours?” the old lady asks, smiling warmly at him and following his gaze to the two people, who have now been joined by Sam, who’s showing a disgusted Dean some kind of green products and Claire, who’s nudging Jack and ruffling his hair.
“If you have to leave it behind, can I see it? One more time? As… Like this.” Dean says, his  voice is carried out almost as if in a void, it’s soft and low and his fingers curl into Castiel’s arm even more, strong grip as if afraid they might fall away from each other.
Sam finds Dean yelling and stomping around the room as Castiel tears at his hair with all his might.
Castiel trips over the bucket of water trying to fall into a jig of some sort and goes flying on the ground, hands waving around like a windmill.
Cas copies his movement, doing the same to his chair, but Dean says nothing, only smiles when the movie starts and gives Cas a little glance.
“She mentioned a guy… Tony, I think. That when she was away, this Tony dude was managing the place. Maybe he covered for her?”
The angel freezes, eyes still locked on the menu like he’s reading it, even though he could tell by memory now how much the special house cocktail costs and what’s in it, by amount.
His hand goes to Cas’, grabbing it and the other moves to the shoulder. Cas’ other hand just stays to his side and he looks at Dean dumbfounded.
Just like Castiel raised him from the pits of hell and up into the light, when he chose to touch his soul in a way no Angel ever should, laying claim to a human like no Angel ever should.
As per usual, Sam just rolled his eyes, an indication that he doesn’t really care where they eat but that he’s also fed up with Dean’s unhealthy eating habits.
They finish up there and head to the map room and Dean checks on his angel and his brother in the kitchen.
Dean’s smile is small and guarded, but his eyes are soft, as his one hand finds it’s way to Cas’ cheek and the angel closes his eyes for a moment.
Dean takes a step toward Cas, ignoring the surprised look on his face, and the parted lips and the small
The angel observes the tight line on Dean’s face, but other than that, there’s nothing to indicate that Dean might not be serious. He’s smiling and his green eyes are already averted from Cas to the lamp light above.
When they stand on the ground, Dean’s breath slightly knocked out of his lungs (for which Castiel plans to apologize), it’s mid-day, sun shining onto the abandoned playground like nothing has happened. Like no time has passed since he was last here.
„Whoah, hey! Careful,“ Dean says, grabbing his arm and shaking his head. „You’ll cut yourself. Let me take care of this, you just get to the vinyls, okay? No blood-shedding today.“
Cas moves towards the stake and Procrustes catches his movement, swinging around and the blow directed at Sam swings towards him and hits him directly onto his side, making him scream out and fall to the floor, right next to the stake that’s out of reach.
Dean groans and steps closer to the angel, rolling his eyes as he does so and leans over, taking the small ball from his hands. “You’re impossible.”
“I meant,” Dean says, leaning over his armrest, eyes on Cas and the angel stubbornly turns to the TV, because it doesn’t mean he has to miss the movie even if Dean does, “I’d better look at you.”
Dean looks up towards him and instantly regrets it - Castiel’s blue eyes are fixed on him with worry in them and Dean feels like shit, again. No way is it necessary for Cas to worry so much about him.
There’s that doubtful tone in Dean’s voice as he examines Castiel, eyebrows furrowing in disbelief and Cas’ hands go to his own hips.
Dean goes towards Sam, who sighs, head falling back as Dean untangles him from the bed. “Took you long enough.”
“What’s that you got in your nasty little pocketses?” Jack asks,doing a sporting imitation of the Gollum.
It’s not like Cas would say no, but to his surprise, he actually does want to see the movie again. Primarily because the first time, he missed some parts because he was busy staring at the hunter.
“What, we hunting Thor now?” Dean asks, bewildered but Castiel shakes his head, finger going to the book, reading the lines.
“Hey, we did it. Teamwork.” Dean says, offering him his hand in a high-five, leaving Castiel scowling.
He projected into being alone, not wanted and he related to the small, blue creature in his nature of destruction - referring to all the times Cas was controlled by Naomi, all the times he’d turned his back on the Winchesters. All the times he broke instead of fixing.
“Don’t you dare say a thing.” Castiel says and his voice is still his own, if a bit smaller and maybe a tone higher, but he certainly doesn’t sound like in one of those cartoons where someone gets shrunk down to the size of a pebble and then produces a comical squeaky voice belonging to Alvin and the Chipmunks.
