It was clear for all of them. Pierce shivered involuntarily, feeling nasty tickle between his shoulder blades. Okay, maybe Stark had his reasons to not blow up and poison Captain, but right now Captain was telling them with crystal clarity that he also needed alive and mostly unspoiled Stark. Mhm.
“But someone has to remember what could have happened there and what we hardly avoided?” Peter mouthed. Footsteps of two men were already heard from the stairway, and Peter knew what he would see on fathers’ faces: true burning curiosity—and equally true love. “So it’d never…”
Since the very first day of Avengers initiative, there has been no single mission that went smoothly according to the plan of agent Coulson or even director Fury himself. Admittedly, the plans of Captain Perfect Ass have been somewhat closer to reality. Obviously, he can shoot in the dark better than others. Fifty-fifty, well, is not that bad. And in this case, he was almost right. But Tony will never acknowledge it aloud.
“So, are you convinced now?” He started right off the bat when Winter Soldier came round the corner. “Rogers is dangerous, and Stark…”
“But listen,” he realized, “there’s no reason why they won’t break up again, and then…”
Tony looked at him with sudden seriousness and did something unexplainable: he put the flower in the cell carefully. The blue light momentarily turned a simple daisy into an impossibly beautiful masterpiece, into a wonderful creature made by God and a human together. Before Steve could say something, Tony closed the cell with lightning and screwed the glass deftly.
“I couldn’t because someone needs to control the travel and get you out of there when it’s all over,” Strange explained patiently. “And look after the reality. You are a good guy, Peter, but reality can’t deal with two Peter Parkers at once all by itself. And take that, you’ll need it.”
Steve just looked at him. Tony was desperate but determined. And vulnerable. What he said had no sense at all because he tried so awkwardly, openly, honestly to tell his innermost secret. Could Tony believe that for Steve it wouldn’t change anything? Steve didn’t know, but he felt—no matter what it was in the first place, no matter what he would say, what reasons he would find—that Tony wouldn’t believe, not now. Although, Steve just couldn’t watch him in such distress anymore.
“Please,” Steve asked, “just say yes or no. My mind switches off when I hear something about correlations and quantum jumps. And when you are near me too.”
“Okay, Cap, feel me up, it’s my treat.”
Pierce felt that he was sweating from head to toe. Stark flirted shamelessly and dropped hints, searching for a weakness. A day ago — an hour ago! — Pierce would stake his life that Rogers wouldn’t buy on such cheap tricks. Well, he was lucky that he didn’t stake anything. It seemed that Rogers was too deeply affected by his past when he had pretended to be one of Avengers. Of course, he kept a straight face… yet, but even baby Sharon Carter couldn’t provoke that purring in Captain’s voice. “They lack only music.” Pierce thought angrily. “Argentine tango. It’s too obvious how they go round each other.”
Before he even sat near Tony, flowers grew up and blossomed. Explosive goosebumps seemed to crawl down his skin, causing his nipples to tense and his cock to half-harden. Steve felt his cheeks heated and he hastily flopped on the sofa between an elbow-rest and Tony. He took the popcorn bowl and placed it on his thighs as fast as he could.
"To our house," Steve agreed and kissed him on the forehead. "Happy served up wonderful bait, we caught them all, so now S.H.I.E.L.D. will find Mandarin and you'll stop getting those stupid threatening letters."
Steve rubbed his cheek, leaving a long black line on it, and mumbled, “Well, it isn’t so obvious, but… Stark, are you serious?”
And because of that Steve wanted to shout, turn cartwheels, explode with burning sparkles like a firecracker on the Fourth of July. But he managed just to groan.
“This is something worse, Cap,” Tony grinned sweetly. “Believe me, it’s worse. And don’t forget about Pepper, she’ll skin me alive… but you know, I don’t care, such opportunity is given once in a lifetime. It’s not my style to reject fun on the verge of lunacy.”
“This is for Tony! This is for Natasha! And this is for… for…”
He, Tony thinks, can’t even answer properly, but he often becomes embarrassed—very funny—and sometimes even blushes. Although, in truth, nothing is interesting in blushing and stuttering Captain Stars And Stripes. Hasn’t Tony seen enough blushing and stuttering people? Also, it’s unpatriotic.
“Oh,” Tony said. “More than anything I was afraid that you’d blurt out something like “and live a usual mortal life.” But I’m still a genie and I’m able to do so much… don’t frown, Steve, I won’t destroy palaces and flood deserts. I’ll content myself with technical miracles, Howard has taught me to love them.”
Why is he smiling? Why and for what?! Tony doesn’t know what to think about his absurd and clumsy smile.
“Whether you are outdated or not, you clearly don’t want to let me consider my wishes,” Steve noted. “What about turning time backward?”
He downed his hands, still staring at the table. Now Tony should say that Steve had frozen off his brain after seventy years in ice. At best.
“Do you think that in all five hundred years no one has tried such a trick?” Tony’s face fell for a moment. “Don’t forget about the damn Codex. Howard tried to break it too, but sometimes ancient technologies are so stubborn… although, you already know it. You’re a guy from a bottle, a product of laboratory experiment, and look at your persistence.”
“Of course!” Steve burst out suddenly. “Everything is just entertainment for you! Family, vows, conjugal ties—everything!”
“But why didn’t he just order you to find me?”
“Marry me,” Rogers said straightforwardly as usual. “It will strengthen relations within the divided society, prove your loyalty to Hydra…”
Peter let out a choking and indignant cry.
Hulk roars and smashes walls with Iron Man—Tony Stark—and Tony just can’t concentrate and do something. His head refuses to think what he could do.
Peter couldn’t help smiling.
“Okay, let it be so. Receive a sentient being! So, this idea wouldn’t be welcomed by any normal American after 1865!”
“That I have no idea what lokum is, but I accept your invitation, of course,” Steve smiled. “Wait, was I really able to turn you into a human with one indiscreet wish?”
A rabbit hole. A vacuum cleaner. A tunnel with a light at the end of it. There were so many ways to describe the indescribable. Peter heard a distant shout—somewhere in many miles from him, although in fact it was many days—of Nat, and then something red and soft enveloped him and squeezed from all sides.
“I’ve deleted all of them. My personal computer is constantly offline, so I didn’t break my promise.”
It is worse.
Pierce threw the magazine aside and a small piece of paper flew out of it. There was only one word “Run!”
“Parker’s paradox,” he muttered.
“It’s a long story and I don’t have time. I just know about Avengers, Loki and Chitauri, we study all that in school,” Peter waved his hand on a smoking cityscape. “You won’t believe it, but I came right from the future, just like in that movie with Marty McFly but without hoverboards!”
Steve opened his eyes. Bruce kept smiling.
Steve couldn’t help groaning.
Of course, they were late for the festive dinner. Tony offered to forget it completely, but Steve protested because in that case Thor or Romanoff would come to fetch them, and heaven knew what would be worse.
Tony was right, the pain receded as fast as it appeared, giving way to a wonderful feeling of fullness. He was completely open, taken without fighting, stretched, filled to the last extent, and that untasted happiness he had felt earlier became bigger with every push, every movement. Through heavy lashes he saw Tony’s face rocking above him, with his lip clenched between his teeth and with his eyes half-closed in bliss. He heard short soft sighs. He felt hard fingers squeezing his thighs, leaving marks, creating a completely new person out of his old annoying form. All that had stood between Tony and him, all that had seemed so solid and insurmountable before was now burning in a scorching flame. Steve moaned and cried but didn’t hear his own cries; at last, flame rolled over him in such a crushing wave that he was blinded and burned, stripped of all the dirt, all losses and bad memories, all that had tortured and bothered him. And then the flame retracted, leaving a new and different Steve behind. Maybe, leaving a better Steve than he had been.
And no one needed it.
Tony cursed under his breath and stepped back for a moment. Dread flooded Steve, but it turned out that Tony just needed to undress. After that Tony pressed even closer to him, skin to skin, and all dread disappeared right then and there, melting like an ice cube in a fire. Tony’s prominent Adam’s apple, his firm collarbones with a soft hollow between them, the scars sprawling over his chest (Steve caressed them with his lips, barely touching), the fast tap dance of the heart (it echoed in Steve himself) — all this was for real. Steve tried and failed to believe it once and for all.
“I’d be really surprised and I’d try to tell him as kindly as I could that I am not interested in him. I’m sorry, Steve,” Bruce turned away from new data for a moment and looked at him, “but you are not my type.”
“I just wanted… I know, it’s silly, but I wanted to tell them how much…” Peter sighed. “How I need them, both, how… and by the way, didn’t they have questions when I disappeared?”
Peter listened to all that while rushing from hope to desperation and from desperation back to hope. Maybe, he thought, Doctor Strange was watching us right now, chewing popcorn. Do wizards eat popcorn? Do cats eat bats?
“Take it easy, I’m okay.” Steve tore his hand from the bowl and put it on Tony’s knee. It was a big mistake because he felt at once how a whole bunch of flowers bloomed on the top of the head.
Tony didn’t say a word. He just kissed Steve in the middle of his palm, and that kiss was better and more final than anything Steve had experienced in his life. It was like a final drop into a tincture ready to crystallize. In just one moment an obscure liquid transformed into a whole world full of phantom wildwood, wonderful towers, and bridges, and there was no way back.
Friend, yes. Whose name was… how was that… Rhodes. Pierce managed to forget about him and it was inexcusable negligence. Rhodes was seriously injured during the last mission; the broken spine wasn’t a joke. Pierce would liquidate him if he wasn’t the lever of pressure for Stark. Where was that Rhodes now? Most likely, he went into his bed in the prison hospital...
“I’ve made it somehow without magic help before, right? Not to mention the very idea of receiving a human as a gift…”
...not only brought danger but gave you a lot of chances. Of course, if you were smart and cautious enough!
After that Pierce lost consciousness and woke up three days later in a white sterile medical unit. He was all bandaged up and his head was heavy as hell. He moved and groaned, the attached device beeped anxiously, the door opened, and Rogers and Schmidt walked through it. They wore medical scrubs over their uniforms, and at first Pierce assumed that it was only his hallucination. Unfortunately, Rogers immediately chased away that nice thought.
“It can wait! Why haven’t you confessed yet?”
Tony stared at him surprisingly and muttered, “The most wonderful thing about you, Steve, is that you don’t lie, that you really think so. I don’t know why in heaven’s name, but… no. I am not a machine, or at least, I am not a machine in all my parts, but it is not helping. Look.”
“I am in the past now,” realized Peter dumbfoundedly. He had realized that before, of course, but distantly. Only now he felt that he was on a field of the Battle for New York which he knew only through history lessons and Youtube videos… And it was a somewhat different feeling. “I am in the past, Mr. Stark’s just flown in the portal, almost died there, well, the city almost died… but for now it’s a happy ending without a bad start, and a bad start wouldn’t follow if…”
Tony Stark didn’t have a heart and he’d never had it. Everyone knew it, and yellow press journalists often wrote about it, connecting that obvious fact with stories about the broken hearts of poor girls. At first, Steve was honestly horrified because of those stories until he understood that they were worth even less than the cheap paper they were printed on. However, Tony loved to tell the same nonsense about himself, as if his goal was to surpass journalists who blackened his reputation. They wrote that Stark valued money more than anything, that his father gave newborn son’s soul to the devil to make Tony the most talented mechanic on Earth, that Stark now and ever preferred to be around his tech rather than people. Although, they wrote more than enough about the other Avengers too. They said that Natasha started her agent career by killing the Second Ripper who tried to murder her because of her profession at the moment (the oldest profession in the world). That Doctor Banner had dealings with demons and summoned them to his service. That Barton had a cursed bow that stole victims' souls and that’s why he never missed. That Spider-boy had real spider claws and spinnerets, and his cock peeled off after sex.
“You bet!” Tony nodded. “If you wished for me to become a normal free man, I’d have to…”
Tony sighed and said in a perfunctory easy tone, “Howard couldn’t have children. But he wanted an heir so badly that he used his first wish to make his heir from me. I didn’t mind it; as he said, previous me was an outdated model. All those palaces and treasures of worldly empires… well, it doesn’t matter anymore. What do you want, mortal? Tell me your wish.”
A nasty grimace appeared on a pale face.
Tony reached to the flowers, and Steve felt even more goosebumps. They ran down his spine, tickled his fingers, and gathered in his groin.
Tony sighed mercifully and asked him almost in a friendly manner, “Holy father, are you serious? Could you find anyone in New York, or, if it comes to this, in the whole country, who wouldn’t love Cap? And even enemies respect him; it’s gospel truth!”
“Schrodinger's negentropy,” Tony huffed. “It seems that I called upon me a huge compliment, and well, I like it.”
Although he knows exactly that right now he is extremely cold. He is so cold that he is ready to complain, whine, and ask to do something right now. Get a fire going, for example? He doesn’t know where to start (he specializes in conflagrations), but he isn’t alone here, and Captain I Can Tell You How To Survive At War should be able to do it, of course!
“Back off from Bucky,” Rogers answered, as if he heard Pierce’s thoughts, “and tell me your decision. You had enough time to think, and it’s not like you had many distractions in here.”
“Oh, and what would it be?” Stark interested. “Listen, what about a disarmament program? There is no one to fight anymore, so we can put all our efforts into progress. Or I have another thought — why our surroundings are so… well-ordered, green-colored, whitewashed, and perfectly covered? Maybe we could begin to contribute to personality? A soldier-personality is a way better than a soldier-cog and a civil…
“Give them to me, kid,” Clint reached his hand. Hesitating, Peter dropped two simple rings on it and took a step back. It was just in time: Romanoff pushed forward the puzzled priest in a dusty and slightly burned soutane.
“Well, I have to start somewhere. Actually, I count on your… hm… firmness in some matters. And you still haven’t answered me. Nazism was based on the idea of race supremacy, communism was based on the idea of ideology supremacy and class equality. What is the base of your new world order?”
“I’m a busy genie, I have no time to wait while you consider something,” Tony said arrogantly, but Steve seemed to see in his eyes relief mixed with annoyance. Obviously, he didn’t want to return to the bottle so soon. “I could turn time backward but for the Codex. If it was so easy, every genie could get into their last day of freedom and change something there. Although, I can create an illusion of the past for you, and it will be so real that you can’t distinguish it from the true world.”
Captain Hydra paused for a couple of seconds, kissed him thoroughly and deeply, and confessed, “You know… I think it’s the same for me. I need only you and fuck them all.”
“Cap, what’s going on with you? Do you have a fever or what? It would be at the wrong time, you know. We have to resurrect half of the Universe, and you’re going to take a sick leave?”
Possibly, he thought, at one moment it became equally frightening to keep silent and to confess. Invisible scales come to a balanced standstill and only one’s determination defines where an arrow goes, which pan outweighs… So maybe if Steve tore apart the daisy's petals one by one, the last petal would predict something he dreamt about for so long, against all odds? Maybe a tiny daisy miracle would happen amid steel and steam mechanisms, robots and zeppelins, amid a new strange world which almost forgot how to walk and started to run and fly?
“Who is this?” Mr. Stark asked sharply. “Barton?”
To Stark’s credit, he didn’t startle. He didn’t even shout—he just froze, staring at unfolding tentacles. Then he put the shield aside slowly, sighed equally slowly, and stood up in the same slow manner.
Two more darts bounce off the green skin.
“I think we’ll deal with it,” Steve said firmly. “Children always mean happiness.”
“Well… if you put it like that…”
He definitely should go through another reset. Former sergeant Barnes started to look and behave almost like a normal human, and Pierce didn’t like it at all.
The end of his phrase was swallowed up with hum and flashing. It seemed that a giant vacuum cleaner surrounded Peter and he was pulling like a mote in the unknown depth, swirling, turning, dragging further and further back…
“I guess we already have a child,” he said. “Am I right, son?”
To his shame, Steve could only stand there blinking dumbly. The blue smoke drifted away, leaving a tan guy around twenty years old. He had brown eyes, dark hair, an elaborate beard, and plump cherry lips—it was obscene for a man to have such lips. This guy reminded Howard as a son would remind his father, except Howard always wore Rolex and diamond cufflinks on his wrists and not a pair of fancy bracelets made of gold and steel.
Winter Soldier stared at Pierce and whistled first notes of the funeral march — slightly of tune.
Steve shook his head. He was short for words, but he had no doubt that Tony could talk for the both of them.
“And are you able to draw them in, after..?” Tony asked. “I didn't mean it!” he added hurriedly when Steve blushed and tried to cover curves and bends bulging everywhere. “I meant, do you need help or..?”
Pierce just swallowed hungrily. He was driven wild with such news and inevitable meals from preserves.
Although, inevitable things should happen inevitably. Well, yes, it’s a truism, but it takes all kinds to make this world. Including where Tony doesn’t die when he should. He is stronger than he seems. And the same story with Rogers. That’s why they often clash and shout at each other. They shout until someone feels his lungs on the verge of bursting because of efforts.
“What, you haven’t found marigolds?” Steve forced himself to say. His head turned into complete flower chaos. All thoughts vanished away.
“Do you want to be complimented too, don’t you? Do you remember I mentioned personality? Your genius, your imagination, your will to push the limits every possible moment — all of it guarantee that Hydra won’t become a musty swamp. You know, I’m able to learn from past mistakes. Entropy is growing in isolated systems, and you are…”
“Language,” Steve squinted. “I can understand you,” he said in a lower tone.
“In eight,” Tony agreed casually, “I’ll have made this thing for the boy. Believe me, I can recognize my work. This means that he isn’t lying about anything else.”
“Your game is dangerous, Tones.”
“It’s just, I’ve been there for so long,” Tony sighed, once again turned his legs into a blue swirl, and twined himself around Steve in a wonderful way. “I’ve waited for help. And it came to me… but don’t think, I don’t try to thank you like this. Well, just a little bit, maybe. But what about you? Don’t you want to find the right man after your ice prison? So you’ll never be alone in the dark? So you’ll never be cold?”
At six-thirty, he was at the place. He wore a tight white t-shirt that—he knew for sure—Tony liked very much and jeans which Natasha had helped him to find. It had been a struggle to shove all the flowers under the Dodgers cap, but he had managed to do it. Tony was fifteen minutes late.
“What do you think? To almost die suddenly, of course!” When Tony ventures to open his eyes, he sees frightened and angry Rogers.
Peter took out his phone and started typing in. “I can get a license in a second. Then I’ll pay a marriage fee… or no, I don’t have an account now, damn it…”
“And then I kissed with the common good, no less,” Tony said in an equally angry tone. “And it was so exciting that I couldn’t stop for a good five minutes.”
Barton pretended that he lost something, and Nat gave him a hearty slap upside the head. He immediately remembered that he is the best man and placed dimly sparkled rings on Steve’s broad and strong hand.
“He rather lacks crushed bricks and a brain,” Tony mutters. He reminds himself Maya the Bee at the moment: he flies and buzzes, when he needs only to aim properly and plug in a couple—or dozen—tranquilizer darts. Usually, Clint does this crap job, but right now he’s stuck on a secret and very important SHIELD mission (as for Tony, he thinks that Clint and Coulson use this code phrase when they arrange themselves a week-long sex marathon on a tiny island somewhere in the ocean; but Tony never mentions his guess near Cap—you never know what could happen).
“Yes, your usual choice, so we wouldn’t have to wait.”
Steve just shrugged.
Steve shifted his gaze to Tony as if waiting for explanations, and Tony rubbed his dusty temple. It looked like he went grey from dust, weariness cut wrinkles on his face, but it didn’t matter. Peter knew best that age had no influence on such a great man.
“He provided them with the ammunition of the latest modifications,” Cap said with fake calmness. “From the underground. He had never misstepped, we caught him just because Rhodes had been heavily wounded. Am I right?”
“I’m not from a bottle. It’s just my strength and health, I must say,” Steve corrected him. “I don’t know what your Codex is, but I am sincerely sorry about it. What do you need to break free?”
He needed allies in his investigation, but the search of them dragged on. Even in the past, everyone had been afraid of Rogers, but now everyone gave him an even wider berth. There were rumors in the compound that a young agent assigned to Stark once wanted to flirt with a prisoner. He still was a most famous bisexual billionaire, and the Blue Hustler channel declared him the most wanted bachelor of the year three times… until that hotbed of vice was shut. So Agent Jenkins brought him a cheeseburger, triple strength Starbucks coffee, and a box of donuts, cracked him a couple of cheap jokes, and arranged a tomorrow date. Tomorrow he was tied to a rocket ready to practice shooting in Mexico, and Rogers commanded “fire” turning a deaf ear to everyone around him.
“Tell me,” Steve asked wordlessly, peering into the desperate brown eyes. “Maybe it isn’t that bad. I thought you’d cringe forever if you saw me like this”.
What little air remained between them heated up quickly. Steve pushed it into Tony, who was panting heavily and trying stubbornly to return every boiling sigh. Steve felt his hands stroking his back and waist — and then pressing hard on the small of his back…
Maybe the flower was guilty of everything that happened later. Pepper had put it in a vase, and Steve drew it out on his way to Tony and hid behind his back. Tony made Pepper out of golden threads, a powerful steam engine, delicate porcelain, rubies, sapphires, pins, and incredibly intricate mechanisms. There were horrible rumors about her too though she was just an angel, however mechanical.
Tony glares at Rogers. It seems he really cares.
Steve couldn’t remember for the life of him what he had said that very first second. It seemed it was something stupid, like “but how?”, or “where have you been?”, or even “for the love of God, Tony, did you finally forgive me?”.
Romanoff rounded the corner of the nearest crashed building and glided forward like a dark shadow; Clint caught her and said something, shaking his head. Peter would thank him if he could distract for a minute—he didn’t want to talk about Budapest. Besides, it wasn’t much to talk about, Mr. Stark just asked him never to mention Budapest near Widow if he wanted to live.
Blue petals with a triangle edge. Steve found them in the sink after he took a shower, dried himself with a towel, and combed his hair. He stared at them for a minute, trying to understand where they came from when he just spent half an hour under the hot water, and before that, he wore a helmet. This very helmet he didn’t take off the whole mission until his coming back. And they didn’t go out of the city for a month so no flowers could get inside the helmet.
“No.” Tony put the smoothie on a table and reached Steve. His fingers were cold because of the glass, and Steve got goosebumps from their touch. He sighed. The fingers started getting warmer, but Tony kept stroking his forehead and staring… somewhat strange.
Steve knew. He read SHIELD files and even tried to have a look at rags, but they made him nauseous despite all his improved metabolism. Meanwhile, the yellow press wasn’t the only media that wrote about Tony Stark’s heart. Serious alloplastic magazines were interested in him too, and it was even worse—at least, in Steve’s point of view. If news tribes like Christine Everheart just wanted to snatch some of Tony’s money, fame, or popularity, then medical gurus dreamed of putting Tony on an autopsy table to examine how he could function all that fucking time.
“Uh,” Steve said most intelligently. He still held the shield in front of him because he simply forgot about it. “Hello?”
“I’m telling you that everything depends on it, that the whole world depends on it! You don’t care about it? Then you shouldn’t care about saving it right now, because it’s over anyway!” He glared at them, boiling from helpless anger at himself. Everything was going wrong, and he couldn’t think how to make it right. “You could’ve let the rocket fall on the city, that’s it!”
And it’s winter. And it’s snowing. Tony can’t feel his fingers already.
“I decided to visit you. They say that loneliness can result in crazy actions, and you are already…”
“We need to check his heart and lungs in the first place. If it’s a mythical hanahaki, I’ll…”
“I won’t let you die or be harmed during the mission. I have protected you and I will protect you. I’ll survive no matter what.”
“Be quiet,” Steve asked. “I guess Peter wanted just that from you.”
“I’m sorry, I couldn’t help it.” There was no sign of regret in his voice.
He looks furtively at other Avengers. Clint whistles, sometimes even dances excitedly; it seems like he is quite content with his life at the moment. Natasha doesn’t whistle, but she seems mildly disdainful and deadly as usual, so mosquitoes keep away from her. Well, at least she doesn’t show intent to kill someone. Bruce smiles softly, and Thor tries to knock off a cone from a bough. It doesn’t go well. Tony will pay for damage, okay. Ancient pine?.. What a pity. But the god is satisfied, what could be more important?
“I think that life in the bottle is enough punishment for almost any kind of sin. Even without this thing about others’ wishes,” Steve frowned and shook his head. “What if I simply wish for you to become free?”
Peter looked at them. They were his family for so long that he couldn’t remember when it started. As if it was forever, as if they forever existed in this world to protect and take care of him—to protect and take care of all imaginable realities… By the way, how did Peter know about it? He couldn’t remember exactly, and just…
“I have no idea,” he faltered. “You know, it happened so fast…”
“I don’t understand though,” he said. “Why do you give it to me? What should I do with it?”
There was a short pause, and then Steve smiled widely and admitted, “It was always about you. Remember, Thor once said that there was nothing that could not be explained, apart from you? He was right after all.”
“I’m not going to drop dead,” Peter made himself take a deep breath and stop jabbering. “You have to marry each other. Right now, right here, and without questions, please!”
“I still won’t,” he says heavily, “catch up with you. You’ve been frozen, in the first place. For seventy years.”
“Loki, if this is one of your jokes again…” he began threateningly. Peter scolded himself for indiscretion: a random teenager couldn’t possibly know about such details right after the ending of the Battle for New York. He shook his head.
“Maybe he lacks calcium?” Cap Mother Hen asks anxiously.
Steve touched the cork again. The seal was round and depicted a triangle in a circle. For a moment Steve seemed to feel a barely perceptible hum under his fingers. Coulson stared at him, and his very presence suddenly annoyed Steve—despite Coulson being a reliable and nice guy.
Tony shook his head and did the most strange, the most unpredictable thing on Earth—he reached for a tentacle, took it with hot fingers, and brought it to his lips. It seemed he even imitated a curtsy in an old-fashioned manner, how it’d looked before the steamvolution. Steve saw them only in pictures where ladies were wearing crinolines and bustles, where gentlemen were flaunting silk hats a couple of feet high, and where protective glasses were used as a lorgnette. It seemed it meant something in that old language of high society, but as ill-luck would have it—Steve was a son of poor immigrants and didn’t have a clue about such details.
“Just don’t fall asleep, huh?”
“Did you?” Steve went around the angry spouse and tousled his hair—to Peter’s amazement. Tony didn’t say a word; however, Peter gave a gasp of surprise when the big callous hand tousled his hair too. “Son, are you alright?”
The newspaper headlines cried ‘Genius, Billionaire, Philanthropist, ESTRANGED HUSBAND!’, ‘Tony Stark Has a Heart, and It’s Broken!’, ‘Biggest Divorce of the Year!’. Tony squinted and gestured to JARVIS to close the window with selected articles. He had a headache and something felt like sand in his eyes, which added to his feeling that the upcoming interview was invented by some evil force specifically to torture him. But everyone knows that Stark men are made of iron, so he’d cope because he had no choice.
Tony huffed softly in his shoulder, “That’s for sure, Steve. Don’t worry. Once you’ve made a quantum jump, it’s almost impossible to turn the clock back. Do you remember what I said about time loops and quantum-entangled particles?”
The guy shrugged.
“Erm,” Bruce said.
The waiter brought their food, so Steve didn’t have to answer right away, thank God.
Tony stopped mid-word and stared at the wet spot on his jeans. Smothering shame choked Steve for a moment and then vanished because the thirst in Tony’s eyes was extremely obvious. Tony licked his lips and said hoarsely, “You know, I have an idea. Before tomorrow’s meeting I should explain the theory of quantum jumps to you one-on-one. I’d better do it in the bedroom. In private. Right now.”
“I figured that in the very moment when this miss took me by the collar and pulled here,” the priest answered bravely and added out of place. “I have a couple of posters with you too, Captain Rogers. So, have you come here today of your own free will to be joined in matrimony?”
Steve pursed his lips. Another flower arose and grew up rapidly above the left ear. Tony stared at him and Steve couldn’t find the courage to look back.
Then he understood that to have flowers in the head he should not only let someone come closer to him but meet them halfway—and he stopped thinking about it. No one needed him. And he needed no one (apart from Bucky). So flowers were out of the question.
“So answer him,” he advised, “that social prosperity and democratic liberty should be the first thing and only after that you could think of marriage. Hey, what’s the look on your face?”
“Marry this genius and playboy?” Steve asked in the same tone. “Let alone his philanthropy and sarcasm. No way. Although, he has a nice costume.”
“You almost died for all of us,” Steve reminded. It seemed that he continued to argue through habit. “It doesn’t look like an egoistic deed, does it?”
"Are you going to get a divorce? Will Tony Stark return to the status of Most Wanted Bachelor?"
Coulson shrugged. They threw first-rate parties in Triskelion; confetti still covered his shoulders.
The rescue team comes five hours later.
“Your former friend with washed-out brains and bionic arm? Nobody has thought yet of a more or less sensible programming algorithm, really? It is totally ineffective to reset the combat unit every time. And this prosthesis of his… When was the last maintenance? I can hear the joint groaning from here.”
“Oh my God,” Steve barely managed to say. “Tony, it’s…”
“Scan results are here,” JARVIS informed and hung several spreadsheets over the table.
Schmidt raised his eyebrows and stared Stark up and down.
“Yes, why not?” Rumlow widened his eyes. “For how long had Hydra been hunting after him? Almost for a year and a half, yes? He is a sly son of a bitch, he laid to the ground an awful lot of our people, and he provided rebels with such a hell of ammunition..!”
Well, he could say something if Hulk didn’t crash a container with the tranquilizer.
Steve pulled up the whole bunch from fresh flowers—they grew up just now, while he gazed at Tony doing his magic. He was going to replace the old miserable gentian with it, and he even managed to come to the table when Tony woke up from his working trance.
This time it’s Clint’s choice. It means exactly two things: first, a movie is about archers; and so, second, it’s tasteless. Hence, in the beginning, Tony will laugh his head off (and Clint will mope), but then the imaginary nonsense on the screen will tire him and he will fall asleep in the middle. Who would think that someone makes movies about archers? Tony needs to talk Pep into lobbying for a law that forbids such movies under penalty of death.
Sitwell was smarter and more experienced in team communication, so he moved very carefully and inconspicuously into the relatively safe distance, away from the heavy Cap’s look.
“Hydra and you are not the same. Yet. I could try to be with you, but Hydra doesn’t tolerate me, and it will bite my head off at the earliest opportunity.”
“I don’t think that’s the point,” Steve argued half-heartedly and stepped to him, thinking that time for talking was over. It seemed that Tony thought the same, as his hard, hot hands locked together on the nape of Steve’s neck, tugging him closer. Tony’s mouth was delightfully hot and alive too, holy God, Steve had feared that he would never hear Tony’s breathing again. He forbade himself to think about it, but he still did.
Somewhere at that point Steve switched off. All his blood moved south anyway. After all, he had lost hope and motivation, too. He found solace only in helping others who needed his sheer strength.  He cleared away the debris, extinguished fires, pulled apart wrecked cars, searched for lonely elders and children in empty houses. They all slept for two or three hours a day. Every night Steve fell into a black, unconscious swamp and every morning he swam to the surface, gasping for breath. A sharp-toothed longing watched him from a bedroom corner, waiting for the right moment to bite him in the neck, but he somehow managed to keep its rotten teeth away. And when Tony came back, literally fallen from the sky, Steve woke up. It seemed that his body had awakened too and demanded he tend to its needs resolutely and irrevocably.
The girl screamed so loud that Peter’s ears started to ache. Barton winced, looked at Peter, and asked, “Are you going to have hysterics too? No? Okay, then would you help me?”
On Tuesday evenings Avengers meet in the common room and watch movies. It’s a tradition. Tony always picks a movie first, because: it’s his Tower, his popcorn, and his sofa. Rogers is after him because he is the oldest in the room (“Hey!” Rogers smiles in his manner. “I’m only twenty-six!”). Then Natasha, because Tony isn’t suicidal. Bruce said at the very beginning that he doesn’t lay any claims, so he is the last one. Thor picks a movie right after Natasha, if otherwise, he drives everyone mad with endless, “Why do you say that it is not my turn? It cannot be that we won’t watch the movie about the brave quest of tiny but fearless hobbits today!” It’s easier to play “The Lord of the Rings” than explain to him that they really won’t watch and it’s really not his turn. Therefore, Clint’s turn is after Thor but before Bruce.
They finally got to the apple pie the following morning, but even cold it was delicious.
“Hey, Steve!”
Tony sits, rubs his eyes, sips a cold coffee, and promises full-heartedly, “It won’t happen again! I’ll bet anything! I… I’ll even shave!”
“And it will be just in time to judge Pierce for his crimes.” Tony huffed. He looked almost indecently content; his eyes seemed unusually bright with his new tan which shouted of his well-being. For the whole two weeks Rogers had been checking battle-readiness of the Pacific fleet and of course he couldn’t leave Stark without his surveillance. “He is the last one. Others are just small fries, they already sincerely believe that Hydra and democracy are the same.”
“So you will be with me?”
“You are a flatterer,” Tony smiled despite his words. “There are some other unexplainable things, and we definitely should talk about them.”
“I shall not give you such advice.” Tony spun around. “We, genies, don’t crawl into bottles for nothing, as you can see. They drive us there and seal for our sins, and we atone for these sins while we grant others’ wishes instead of our own. Usually, everyone resigns themselves to it very soon.”
Nobody looked at them. Of course, all the people there just ate and someone else’s confessions didn’t concern them at all—that’s why different parts of the Avengers team went there at least twice a month. Steve caught Tony’s gaze, with pointed meaningfulness and slowness pulled three flowers out of his mobile garden and held them out.
It was sound advice, so Steve nodded, stripped off the rest of his clothes, met Tony’s wild stare and turned around slowly. He showed off and felt like dying because it seemed that Tony was touching him everywhere just by looking, and they both were falling into a hot dark abyss.
Something slick, nasty, moist creeps under his shi-i-i-i-irt!
“Steve, come to my den, please, I have an idea for upgrading your shield!”
“Then—are you ready to take children with love and bring them up as worthy men?” the priest asked. He definitely decided to follow Captain’s example and do his duty no matter what. “Bringing up future generations is an important and crucial task.”
“Something old and something new, something borrowed and something blue,” Stark chuckled, caught Steve’s strict look, and went silent. It was something extraordinary.
“Yes?” Tony interested. “Really? What about the lax morals of the 40's and your heroic image?”
Surprisingly, Steve still has never been caught. Even after the monstrous alien ship crashed down on the compound’s lawn, smoking and falling apart, and Tony stepped out of it, talking the same way as always…
Herbicide made his head awfully itchy. Bruce changed the formula twice, but Steve suffered from itch and dandruff no matter what, so he decided to use Bruce’s shampoo just if he needed to go public (also, he decided to choose only light-colored costumes). Unfortunately, he couldn’t go out for running anymore; although, wonderful treadmills were at his disposal at the Tower’s gym. They helped to clear his mind equally well. And he wore the helmet during missions. Always. Out of missions, he stopped feeling shy beside the team very soon. Only if he could stop reacting with new flowers to Tony as well… Steve almost gave up on this though.
Tony drifts asleep. He hasn’t looked his fill, he just can’t keep his eyes open anymore. He climbs into a tent, and there is Captain Pitch Perfect. It’s hot for him, so he stretches upon the sleeping bag, taking the whole floor with his huge body. Tony freezes despite his uncontrolled yawn. Like an idiot. He has to bend double and twist in some impossible pose (later he’ll create a perfect tent; it’ll be the most spacious, comfortable, and luxurious tent in the world) to fit in a small space and avoid all heroic limps. Huh. Tony makes an effort and realizes that Natasha had reasons to giggle when she assigned tents for each pair. He wants to wake Rogers right away and tell him about this revelation but takes pity. He sleeps, so be it. And Tony needs to sleep too—pale light already appears along the sky's edge. Soon, others will get up, stomp, make noises; chances are good that they’ll water him.
Screens lit and showed those photos. Tony knew that blonde woman: it was Steve's colleague, Sharon Carter. He closed his eyes.
“I am completely serious,” Pierce insisted. “Captain might be in danger.”
Tony frowns. He has a headache despite yesterday he didn’t drink any alcohol at all and even went to bed at eight hours before getting up. Even a year before it would seem unbelievable to him. “Maybe, I’m getting old?” he wonders internally, but then he drinks a coffee and considers it nonsense.
Steve kissed him. Just couldn’t help it. Lightning from the wide-open chest jabbed him sweetly and sharply, the soft bitter mouth let him in, and the electrical heart broke into a gallop. Steve longed to hug Tony closer and tighter, but it was way more terrifying to harm a fragile mechanism. So Steve just said, “You have it. The most alive heart on Earth, Tony. And if it was a single reason to…”
“You know,” he said, “probably I won’t wait till universal suffrage becomes a thing. Cap is too perfect, I’m afraid that someone can take him from me.”
“Okay,” Steve muttered. He was still slightly dizzy from drinking last night despite not being able to get drunk properly. “Okay, old friend. What could you leave me apart from some bomb in the box… ugh, machine in the bottle… or even deus ex machina ex lagoenam, I wouldn’t put it past you.”
By the way, it’s the most awkward confession in… sympathy? Yes, it’s better to call this shit so for the sake of convenience. Confession in mutual sympathy. The most awkward confession in the whole history.
“You bet! You wouldn’t lie in front of the altar for all its conventionality,” Tony stirred up. “Well, we’re done with questions? May we wear these rings already and…”
Steve would rather
So Alexander Pierce provided himself with bugging in the hallowed principle. Barnes’ arm was clear from suspicion, the security system considered it as its part, and the sound transmission was quite good, despite sporadic noises.
“I’ll knock you out,” Steve promised, carefully spreading dust and soot across his face. Peter saw him reddened even through all this dirt. “I’m serious, Tony.”
“Even if I phrased it like this, something tells me that you wouldn’t become a normal man anyway…”
That’s a hell of a question. Steve imagined how he would come to Tony and take him by the hand, or, maybe, just sit beside him and blurt that he dreams about their happy life together: lazy morning sex, city walks, nature trips (okay, maybe his fantasies didn’t go further than picnics in Central Park), and holding hands during press conferences. Even if only under the table. Right after feverish fuck in a service area. Just as Steve thought that they would sleep in one bed, about five flowers bloomed on his head. The one above the left brow had an especially long stem, and it fell on the forehead, tickling him awfully.
“Does anyone here have any reasons why these two should not be joined?”
Tony looked up from his plate and immediately looked back. Probably, he was very hungry.
Steve had never thought of himself as a soft person too, but when he saw Tony, something burst in his chest, bloomed and sprinkled everywhere with tenderest petals. And melted, too. He didn’t feel anything like that even when he was sixteen. It seemed now he had to take the rap for all the years he had spent at war or in the ice. The second Tony smiled, or spoke, or tousled his disheveled hair in his usual gesture while considering the next model of a steam engine—Steve’s tentacles clenched tightly around his heart, trying to set them free. Their very existence was one of the reasons preventing Steve from inviting Tony to a date. He’d never told him about any of that if it wasn’t some set of circumstances.
Clint let the girl go—she wandered unevenly to the crowd of equally confused and dirty people—and hung over Peter with the bow in his hand.
“What… are… you…” Pierce tried to say something, spitting blood. He lacked three teeth, and the black veil obscured his vision and promised to shut him down completely, but Rhodes didn’t stop with his punches.
“Then what’s stopping you?”
“In eight,” Peter corrected him.
Steve shook his head and Tony flared with excitement.
“In the evening”, Steve nodded. “Right in bed. To avoid useless running.”
“As well as all causal loops. Didn’t you hear about the grandfather paradox?”
Rhodes chuckled.
“Don’t you understand that we are on the verge of riot and rebellion? That if Schmidt knows about it — and he will know about it for certain…”
“We need something flammable. Firewood or at least brushwood, okay?” Cap explains patiently as if Tony is a baby or an idiot. “Do you see something like this here?”
Steve jumped when he heard Tony’s voice from a moving loudspeaker. It sounded like Tony hadn’t been sleeping for a year or even more. It was time to intervene and take care of him, no matter how much he’d oppose. Steve thought for some reason that Tony wouldn’t disagree too much. The hardest thing was to keep calm and silent, hide feelings that were boiling in his heart—but Steve did that drudgery on the daily basis so he got used to it. He nodded to Dum-E, and the robot took away the loudspeaker, breathed a cloud of steam, and moved somewhere else, its hydraulic system joints creaking on the way.
“I know that neither collar nor cuffs can hold you.” Rogers’ voice sounded almost wistfully. Pierce didn’t want to know about his fantasies at that moment. “You like to invent and hate to be bored. I will allow you to invent, provide with any materials, and…”
Hulk becomes bored, and bored Hulk is totally unbearable Hulk. So he finally catches Tony. Holds, nuzzles, and hits a wall with him.
“Why do we make a fuss of him?” Rumlow surprised theatrically. He didn’t notice oncoming danger. “Punch him in his teeth a couple of times, he’ll be obedient.”
“And I remember that someone was under the influence of Loki’s scepter, and also that someone didn’t have proper time to get used to your return in this world. But that’s not what I want to talk about! Who is she? If you can’t bring yourself to do it, I can put in a word for you! I’ll tell her how good you are, huh! Just in case she has poor eyesight and her moral compass is hacked by Al-Qaeda. I already have a couple of presenta…” Tony became silent suddenly.
“I can’t disagree,” Steve smiled.
“Endless stroybat [1].” He used the strange Russian word for some reason. “No, no, just not this.”
“Maybe it is so,” Pierce agreed, “but it should be a way to… stop. We can’t oversee. But we can overhear, right?”
Tony widened his eyes in surprise. Steve nodded confidently and said to him, “I do think so, Tony.”
Though, he doesn’t want to do anything. Even move his finger. Also, it doesn’t hurt at all.
“Well?”
“Sir, the concentration of aminazin vapor inside the suit is over the allowable limit in twelve… thirteen… fifteen… I recommend you to…”
“Because I wanted to go with you?” Steve scolded himself immediately for the insecure tone, but it was too late: Tony squinted as if he tasted tainted meat in his soup. “Not because we are friends.”
“I broke my tailbone,” Peter grumbled. “Couldn’t you warn me that you began to pull me out? I didn’t make it to…”
“...sleep, work, fight, draw. Though I don’t like swearing, and that’s the reason why you drew that shameless draft, isn’t it?” Pierce heard something in Rogers’ voice… smile? Shit, exactly. And hope too, and Pierce couldn’t wrap his head around it. “You consider my taste too, Tony. Only in the opposite way.”
“Just… don’t stop,” he gasped and once again locked lips with Tony. Then he kissed his stubbled chin, his neck… Steve lingered on the neck to leave some quickly darkening marks, enjoying the sensation of a hurriedly beating pulse. “Oooh…”
Tony doesn’t dream of anything.
“Steve,” Winter Soldier answered as fast as he shot. “We have known each other much longer. And so you know, Pierce, I’m watching you. I’m sick of your resets, and about your codes… well, if Stark is so smart, maybe he will help me with them.”
Steve and Tony exchanged looks, and Tony asked in a completely different voice, “That thing that you wear. Can I have a look at it?”
“I told you so,” Rumlow muttered angrily. He was locked up in the guardhouse for the whole eternity. “I told you that it would end like this.”
They stared at him as if he was an alien. Or maybe he was someone strange who couldn’t exist, who didn’t have a right to exist there—well, it was true in some sense.
“You’re such a puppy, Rogers. Сute, goofy and always underfoot,” Tony decides in the end. “Like Dum-E or Butter Fingers.”
“Hi,” Peter said to her. He felt an awful awkwardness. “It’s all right, really. Avengers protect you, they have Widow, they have Hulk, and this isn’t the end of the world, it’s just the army of Chitauri, and… oh.”
“You’re a wise guy,” he said. “So it isn’t all about your muscles. I have to confess, I’m glad even. It’s boring in the bottle and I have no one to talk to except for myself and maybe Friday… but I become tired of it too soon. Okay, I’ll brew you coffee for free, you should appreciate my generosity.”
“I haven’t done that… and I’ve just built the Tower,” Tony said confusingly. “Portraits… yes, I have portraits, but this is just my collection, so…”
“Something like that, yes,” Peter stared at the priest intently. Judging by his face, he was practicing his Christian patience and humbling before hardships. “You won’t run with screams of horror, will you? Trust me, so much depends on this marriage!”
“Steve.”
Pierce would continue to listen to them, but his receiver crackled, rustled, and Winter Soldier said with suddenly rich emotions: “Fuck it, I can’t stand their cooing no more. I’m back.”
Steve nodded, and the feeling of being hit with a ton of bricks intensified. When Tony said the magic words “time-space continuum”, Steve’s mind tried to switch off and give room to cheeky instincts. If he were to be completely honest, to one specific instinct.
“He found its location through the Internet,” Tony explained automatically. “Yes, there is one nearby, but it wasn’t lucky, Hulk’s direct hit and all that…”
“Tony,” Steve lifted his eyes. “They are for
Peter considered this and made a helpless gesture.
He even managed to pull Tony closer and feel his damp prickly cheek against his shoulder — was it tears? It couldn’t be. After, Steve laid motionless, living through those priceless intimate moments for the first time. At last, Tony stirred and murmured, sending goosebumps all over Steve’s damp skin, “The damn quantum jump. Do you know what it is?”
And she has a good voice. Lulling.
“Oh no, you are a family tyrant!” Tony cried in delight. “We’ve come to blows even before we’re married. Although, we’ll be quits because I’m going to marry you right now no matter what.”
“I completely agree,” Steve nodded. “Yes, I’m ready. And I’m sure that Tony is ready too.”
“I didn’t expect that from you, Pierce,” he said very calmly. “To call the war prisoner awful things… The prisoner who has a huge experience in air combat and squadron commanding, who is ready to come to our side…”
“It is wonderful,” Tony answered. “Now I’m completely on your side!”
“I hate to build weapons,” Stark said slowly. “And I hate captivity. You offer me a long beautiful lead and sweet carrot, but what about everyone else? What’s the purpose of Hydra? What’s your purpose, Rogers?”
In the next second, strong steady hands were hugging him and worried blue eyes were looking right inside of him.
"I imagined for a second that it's all real. That you really left me and I have to live without you somehow. And I... I don't know how to do it." He nuzzled between Steve's neck and shoulder, enjoying familiar warmth.
“I am Catholic,” Steve said. “Sir, would you marry us? That’s all we need.”
“If you have no plans after ten o’clock, come to my workshop, let’s test some of my ideas.”
“So there is nothing dangerous here. Your lungs are clear. Your heart is perfectly healthy. If flowers bother you, you can add herbicide to your shampoo. I’ll synthesize a skin-safe formula, I need no more than a couple of days for it. Tony,” Tony paced around the lab, “calm down.”
“I didn’t need the quote from “The ABCs for Rebels”,” Stark muttered, “I wrote just the chapter about bottle bombs. You are not an idiot, Cap. What do you want for real — is it just an endless power of a primitive dictator? Don’t disappoint me.”
Tony was already kneeling between his legs. His darkened straight cock bobbed heavily under a line of black pubic hair, a drop of lubricant glistened on the tight latex — when did Tony pull it on? Steve couldn’t stand thinking about it — about anything at all — so he grasped himself under his knees to spread himself completely. Through the sound of his beating pulse he heard a ragged sigh and momentarily felt a pang of sharp pain.
“Let me,” he said, and Tony reluctantly gave him the flower.
“...and there’s no other way? For sure?”
Peter leaned forward, drinking in his every word. He loved life, for God’s sake, and he didn’t want to give up like that. He was raised better than this. And if Strange found an appropriate reality… well, Peter just needed to make the impossible real. And it wasn’t so complicated when you had determination.
Pierce decided to stick to several rules. Firstly, he tried to avoid Schmidt at any cost. Of course, Pierce couldn’t avoid him completely, and it would be dangerous not to keep up to speed, but Pierce couldn’t take a risk to see the head of Hydra face to face. Secondly, Pierce reactivated safe houses in Argentina, Germany, and (he squinted internally) Mongolia and provided them with all things that were necessary to withstand a year-long siege. And thirdly, Stark. Perce was going to find a way to neutralize him, despite all the reasons of frozen Soldier, and he wasn’t going to let Stark out of his sight till that moment. It was easy because Rogers took Stark from the cell and now he was constantly standing behind Rogers’ shoulder when he wasn't hanging out in his laboratory.
Peter squeezed his head with his hands.
"If someone notices us in the restaurant, newspapers will go mad again."
“...what?”
“Family is sacred,” Steve answered. “Why should I mind?”
Pierce preferred plotting behind the scenes to a shoving match, so he stepped backward involuntary, and Rhodes went round him screwing up his face in revulsion. His grimace was so similar to Stark’s (nasty habits were easy to pick up) that Pierce’s cheekbones ached, mouth opened as by itself and the quiet “nigger” slipped out of it.
“Not by a hundred percent.”
Well, long story short, sometimes Hulk gets very naughty. It’s not like Tony doesn’t hint at Natasha that she should keep an eye on her boyfriend, but it’s no more than a hint—if you go too far, you can expect knives under your ribs and needles under your fingernails. But that’s the problem: Natasha doesn’t understand hints. She stares at you deadly and doesn’t understand expressively and pointedly, and you sweat between shoulder blades.
“I worry for the boy,” Tony continued. “What if he got into trouble on his way home? You know how it happens, I’m sure.”
“So have you coughed or not?”
“It’s true, but I don’t think that this is about science as it is,” Tony chuckled. “This is about me, isn’t it?”
“I guess so… and I’m afraid to ask why,” Steve understood already that he let out chaos. He only hoped that the magic bottle wasn’t an analog of Pandora’s box. Although, Tony struck him as a guy with whom you could come to an agreement.
“They grow by the minute!” Steve felt Tony’s breaths with each petal, and suddenly…
The priest cleared his throat, straightened his shoulders, and began, “Dearly beloved, we gather today to join two loving hearts…”
“Which one?”
“That’s interesting news,” Clint said. “Nat, did you hear that?”
“The compound is safely secured for the first time, and that’s all because of that security check,” Rogers retorted. “Stark just had a wrong education. Now that he sees the power and the truth of Hydra, he will make it up to us. Moreover, we have one of his friends.”
“But you look like his son.” Steve frowned. “I don’t think that Howard created you. It’s too much even for him. How is it possible?”
“Hi, Meghan. You know, my silence will only result in wild rumors and fantasies, and I don’t want that.”
But today of all days Tony doesn’t want to fall asleep, because Captain Team Spirit sits beside him, mumbles shyly something like, “it’s too little space here”, and presses in with his warm side. And it’s so wonderful to tease him that every opportunity is a real groove for Tony.
“Tony?”
Steve shook his head, grabbed the nearest pillow and tucked it under himself. He opened up in front of Tony, who took a bottle of lube from somewhere, and all became fuzzy. Another touch made him groan and bite his lip, as a shamefully deep but sweet caress made him spread his knees.
“I don’t understand...” he began, and Tony shook his head once again and touched the soft skin with his lips. Steve felt so much at once that he couldn’t help groaning. A sharp but pleasant shiver ran through him like a lightning caught in a Leyden jar. It fluttered in his body harshly and burned him inside before fainting slowly and reluctantly. “Tony!”
“I can’t resurrect dead people,” Tony reminded. “And it wasn’t like you were really alive at the moment.”
“Did it work?” he glanced at the TV. Cheerful pop-singer and her fan were whipping up some neon-pink mass, smiling at each other. “What’s on other channels?”
After short thinking Pierce decided that Brock was right. An experiment, the Cube, and Stark combined together definitely should result in some catastrophe.
“Sorry. I needed to balance them.” Steve honestly tried to say it apologetically, but failed. “Before we go… You know, it seems it’s dangerous to complete my to-do list. There is “Star Trek” there, and from what I know the characters talk science while they are not adventuring.”
“But I don’t want to!” Steve removed the cap and breathed out relaxingly. As much as his heart pounded right now, squeezed flowers had bothered him way much more than embarrassment.
“Ohhh,” he groaned loudly. It seemed his head was going to burst. And it wasn’t surprising: the whole eight years were pouring into it right now and everything was falling into place, like an automatically gathering puzzle, so it’s no wonder to go mad from all that… But Peter knew that he wouldn’t go mad. He was raised by the two bravest, strongest, craziest, and the most stubborn fathers in this Universe (and every other Universe too), so he… he…
“May the grace of God descend on those two,” the priest began, and Peter rushed to search for a band. Clint sighed, looked around, and pulled a piece of star-spangled cloth from the pile of broken bricks.
Well, maybe there were other ways to introduce yourself: polite, decent ways meant to win a new acquaintance over from the very first words, but Peter didn’t know them, and even if he knew, he wouldn’t remember at the moment.
Steve breathed out and relaxed visibly. The tentacles rocked around Tony happily and freely, stroking his cheeks and hair, caressing his shoulders.
Peter heard, but he didn’t think the fucking imaginary grandfather would matter so much for his life.
Steve squared his shoulders angrily, the shield at the ready.
“I’ll open it… later,” he said, putting away the gift. “Maybe it’s dangerous to deal with things like this on your own, but it can’t be worse than drinking alcohol chugalug with Natasha. I’ll cope with it. Also, Howard wouldn’t leave me some deadly jack-in-the-box. Jack-in-the-bottle.”
"I'm not ready to speak about my divorce, Meghan. And to be honest, I don't think I would want to marry ever again. I'm going to move to Malibu for some time. They say that a change of scene distracts you from bitter thoughts."
“I appreciate it,” Steve nodded automatically. “But wait… if I don’t wish for anything, you can just live freely and not be imprisoned!”
“And you would go on a date with me, of course.”
“Everybody will know right now why we are late. They will tell stupid jokes,” Tony grumbled, putting on his t-shirt. Hickeys on his neck stood out in a beautiful leopard pattern, and Steve’s artistic flair begged to leave another two to complete the composition.
Meghan McCain met him with a smile a couple degrees warmer than the official grin of a popular talk show presenter.
Alarms were blaring around, someone was shouting in a loudspeaker, an unknown city bird was tweeting hysterically, searching for its lost nest.
“Captain Primrose! How is your running?” Obviously, Tony didn’t go to bed at all. The shadows under his eyes seemed especially dark this morning. Wrinkles around his mouth became deeper and, on the whole, he looked not so good. He seemed older, tired, and wretched. Steve felt an upswing of aching tenderness and the flowers started to grow like crazy. New sprouts appeared, shot up, formed buds, and opened petals. In a matter of seconds.
“I’m in,” Steve said. “And what about your wishes? Can I fulfill them?”
“Remember how Cap grieved when he thought that Tony was dead. After that?” Nat chuckled too. “I don’t think so.”
Steve considered it right to follow his advice; he remembered about the gift only in the morning, when all Triskelion was dead to the world. Steve knocked in the convex shell-covered glass and shook the bottle. It seemed something rasped inside rather than plopped.
He just couldn’t imagine how big that catastrophe would be.
“That’s it?”
“Because you must be an idiot to try and get between those two.” Winter Soldier said. “Steve needs this smart son of a bitch, and even I won’t risk getting into their business.”
“May God bless you,” the priest finished with a visible release. “Exchange the rings and kiss.”
“You look hot,” Clint gave a thumbs-up.
“Yes, I do believe in them.” The wood creaked — maybe Rogers sat on the stool. “Also, I believe in your sense. You won’t kill me because my dead body is completely useless for you, and the serum will protect me from anything else. Oh, and I want to let you know that I’m not alone here. Winter Soldier is with me.”
“Well, I have to go,” Rhodes said and disappeared at an amazingly quick speed. Captain watched his going.
“I’m not joking,” Peter repeated, taking an opportunity in dead silence. “You need to marry right now. Or the world would die—no, it wouldn't happen soon, but it’d be inevitable. I understand how it sounds, but this is true, and by the way, I googled the nearest church, it’s less than two blocks from here.”
Tony clicked with his tongue cheerfully, not showing even the slightest frustration.
No one would risk and call Tony Stark a coward. Although, it’s one thing not to be afraid of enemies, but when a light purple tentacle of your teammate was delicately trying to give you a daisy, it’s hard to stay without batting an eyelid. And Tony just stared at Steve not moving a muscle. Then he very carefully touched one of the tentacles and, judging by his face, he didn’t feel disgusted.
“Then why do you need me?”
“By the way, I saved your digital copy to my computer,” Rogers said blandly. “It’s very interesting to talk with him.”
Steve glanced at Peter and shook his head.
“For me,” Barnes suggested flatly, still standing quietly at the side. Rhodes looked at him with wild angry eyes, nodded readily, and lifted his fist up.
Thin steam fountains were hissing all around the den; little mechanic rats were whisking everywhere—their only goal was to pick up sweeps and rainbow curls of metal chips; a steam hammer was banging steadily somewhere in the depth, lightened with gold and red. Tony was bending over the shield and screwing something enthusiastically; he wore a long apron and goggles. He didn’t notice Steve, so Steve took his time to admire Tony. Disheveled feathers of hair, turning bluish-grey because of metallic powder; sharp nose; fixed eyes behind the thick protective glasses—the most beautiful eyes in the world, Steve knew that he hadn’t seen and wouldn’t see anything alike; strong shoulders; tan arms, carrying signs of fire and acid burns; long fingers…
"And I'll repeat it as many times as you need. You know we had to do it. And it worked. Ten Rings dutifully came to your Malibu house..."
“So, nothing at all?” Peter looked miserably at a big screen—which was quite a refreshing feature for the dark archaic interior of the house down Bleecker street. News tickers matched chaotic footage from Tokyo, New York, Frankfurt; there were no signs of a smile on the flashing faces of passersby, journalists, and politicians. “No chance whatsoever?”
At first, it was comparatively harmless: yes, Cap became a frequent visitor in a jail complex, but it was even good in some sense! At least, everyone sighed with relief at first, from sentries to Herr Schmidt himself, because Cap literally harassed him with long talks about the inevitable victory of progressive Hydra formation.
“Stark gathered many different things. It’s amazing, how many symbols of the past times the sea keeps in its depth. You name it, the sea has it. Maybe he decided that it’s the right wine to celebrate your rescue, who knows.”
“Doesn’t matter, I’ll tell you anyway. Your good name will only shine brighter if you are united for life with such an egoistic, narcissistic and arrogant person like me for the common good. People already adore you, so after this sacrifice…”
“You are biased.”
“They are for you.”
Fuck, fuck, fuck! Pierce's mind was racing; all things considered, that situation couldn’t end well. Whether Rogers would win over Schmidt or Schmidt would win over Rogers, commanders would be a scapegoat as usual. And Pierce wouldn’t escape many and many problems just because any shift of power…
Tony Stark was as lonely as they all were, and no money could prevent or fix it. Stark’s atomic submarine had found frozen Steve six months ago, and since that memorable day, Steve had never seen Tony dating, let alone sleeping with anybody. It seemed he didn’t sleep at all, because he spent all his time on other things: upgrading Avengers arming, poring in the lab with Bruce and Peter, managing his company somehow in between…
“I have,” Peter answered quickly. “I took them with me. Or rather… Strange gave it to me at the last moment. Here.”
“Loving,” Tony commented sarcastically. He became silent at once because Steve hugged his waist and pressed him closer. Then he whispered in Tony’s ear something unrecognizable, but it gave amazing results: not only Tony lost his tongue, but also blushed as though he was a young bride.
“Well, yes, yes. I have a private interest. You know, I hate to date tyrants and villains.”
The magazine “Technology for the Youth” appeared in the stack of newspapers as if by some invisible force and it was the last straw. The cover showed Stark in the most obscene way: a dirty face, disheveled hair, a white tank, a hammer in his hands. Pierce could swear that he spotted a prominent hickey on the back of that nasty neck. The article explained to young engineers how to repair a bionic arm prosthesis using a set of screwdrivers, a piece of wire, a foil sheet, and a petroleum jelly. The article also contained a photo of the Winter Soldier in a boy scout camp where he was rewarded with a badge “For knotting”. His face was dreamy. Obviously, he was imagining how he would try his new skills on some of his colleagues.
Steve screwed up his eyes and slowly stood up. Just about now…
“Very well, thank you. And how is your work?”
“Your rank won’t let me send you to jail,” Schmidt added dully, “but it doesn’t mean that I will stand such behavior from the officer who should give an example to privates. As soon as doctors let you, you’ll go to inspect Alaska. Cool your heels a little bit.”
Five minutes past ten is still after ten, right? Steve didn’t have a chance to knock, because JARVIS let him in right away. Tony stood with his side to the door and did something with his miraculous holograms. He looked like an orchestra conductor with his powerful but economical waves of hands, sharp gestures, energetic and passionate movements. Steve could look at him forever — but suddenly he noticed something blue on the table. It was a fading flower of gentian in a scotch glass — the one Tony picked when Steve gave himself away. Steve remembered it because one of the petals was shorter than others and also because it was crumpled badly. The flower darkened and dried up, and the water drop on the bell made it look even worse.
And they went.
Tony sighed and said slowly, “It should make a quantum channel for teleportation. If we manage to take over the Infinity Stones before Thanos does, we will make their quantum copies in our present. We will transmit quantum-entangled particles in the Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen correlation, because if we put them in the Bell state…”
on a date with him than go, but nobody asked him out. He shrugged; it’s needless to say that Tony got distracted by something and didn’t see it.
Tony still dozes off, but in his sleepiness, he clearly realizes that Rogers stutters and flusters only with him. He gives sassy answers to everyone else. Tony realizes it—and falls asleep. Where is justice?
After a pause Captain said almost gently, “Stark, have you really just complimented me and made eyes at me? Do you think that I’ll go all soft and become an easy mark for you after that?”
But look what had become of that! After that son of a bitch Stark managed to create his digital copy and put it into the computer system of the compound! The ruins of the armory and jail complex were still smoking, not to mention hangars and weapon depots. Of course, Stark was safe and sound, and he just gave a guiltless gaze and stepped behind Cap’s back when he was faced with the threat of punishment.
Tony would like to brag that it continues with hot sex on a broad bed worth ten thousand dollars.
He had to sweat badly for the test because Tony wanted to check the hygroscopic improvement. After that he hardly put on his jeans and came to his room, dreaming about the shower (and what he would do there under the refreshing water: how he would imagine that it is someone else’s hands gliding from the abdomen to the groin, it is someone else’s fingers pulling apart his ass cheeks, that it is someone else’s tongue touching the lips from the inside). When he stepped out of the bathroom, content but still irritated, he saw Tony’s message on the screen of his Starkphone: “Half past six, Wong Foo. Your crush is an idiot.” Wong Foo was a usual fast food just a few steps from the Tower, but the meal was tasteful, plates were big enough that even Steve didn’t order second helping, and neither staff nor guests paid attention to Avengers eating pho bo.
The broken carcass of an alien ship was burning down to the left of him, smoking thickly. A frightened blonde girl with a dusty face was standing to the right of him, screaming to the top of her lungs and pressing against a miraculously spared brick wall. Tears were running from her tightly closed eyes, turning dust into the dirt.
“Because I think that now I understand why he sought for you so desperately,” Tony sighed and lifted his arms shackled in heavy bracelets. “Steve, just consider thoroughly what you want to wish for. Every word could become a mistake. This seal is merciless to ambiguities, so I doubt that you’d have a chance to say “ouch, that’s not what I meant”.”
Schmidt watched it in bewilderment like the other compound inmates, and it wasn’t good kind of bewilderment. Sitwell retold Pierce what he had heard during the last parade. Rogers watched marching soldiers and Stark stood behind him when Schmidt interested: “What is he doing here? Here and not in the torture chamber?”
“Well, Rogers, how do you like it so far?”
“I talked with Logan,” Strange said. “His case is the only precedent of successful change of our reality I know. He is a rare churl and foul-mouthed man, but he managed to do it.”
“Kiss,” Tony mumbled. “Hm. As ill-luck would have it, I forgot my breath freshen… mmmph...”
Captain of Boyscouts gives a coy smile.
“Well, while you think, I can brew us coffee,” Tony suggested in the sweetest voice. “If you want, of course. I love good coffee.”
Meghan looked at him with sympathy. It was faked, for sure, but Tony didn't mind. He just had to keep a straight face. Many years' experience helped him pass his painful spasm off as a wry smile.
Damn Stark was standing behind his back in a magnet cuffs and watching the execution with such a face that worldly-wise Pierce picked out immediately.
“No!” Peter shrunk back. A bright station break with the White House appeared on the screen, the President surrounded by star-spangled flags taking over the place of frightened presenters. The time came to address the nation; to confused, shocked, vulnerable people who had no protection in the face of the upcoming threat. Peter would give up everything to get things back to normal, but Mr. Stark?..
“Peter. Peter Parker.”
Sleeping Pepper is much nicer. And Tony needs to stop being the constant reason for her insomnia and premature gray. They're all right, it’s all his fault.
Steve pressed his hand to Tony’s mouth and stared into his surprised eyes as Tony still tried to talk.
They watch a movie about a man in green tights, by the way. Natasha laughs for once in a while. Bruce is exasperated at latex and nylon because they didn’t exist in the thirteen century, for sure. Thor drops his hammer.
“Captain won’t murder us immediately for the simple bugging. He understands that standard safety measures should exist. Probably. Stark is doing something with him, don’t you see? Jenkins was the first victim, who will be the next? Maybe you? How do you think, how long Rogers will hesitate if Stark asks the permission to take your arm to pieces?”
“Mr. Stark! Captain!” He appeared near them in one jump. “I need to tell you something very important. It’s the most important thing! There is nothing more important than that!”
Steve went through all magical tricks stoically. So he nodded, accepting Tony’s promise, and just asked, “What about your… Friday? Did it… she disappear with the bottle?”
“It’s nonsense. Steve, you’re still my friend, and…” he sighed heavily. “You’ve already guessed it, right?”
“And my copy hasn’t burned the motherboard of your fuck…”
Coulson shrugged one more time.
“Thank you? We need to ask the officiant whether they have some jar to fill it with water and…”
Peter was listening to him for the whole ten minutes. All this time the President was soundlessly moving his lips, and anyone could guess what he was saying even without hearing his words. The world crisis arose, we all need to keep calm and support each other, panic is our enemy…
“Right now. Hurry up, I can’t put this world on hold for more than a few hours. And don’t worry, Peter, they are the same Captain and Mr. Stark you know. Maybe they’ve made a bit fewer mistakes because they haven’t had so much time, maybe…”
“Electricity preserves everything,” Tony said. “You just need to know how to deal with it. And now kiss me again… by the way, could I..? You know? Count them?”
That abyss became even wider when Tony laid beside him and snuggled up with all his body. Hard, warm, restless hands slid all around, touching Steve’s hips, his tensed abdomen, and his once again fully erected cock. After a little pause, Tony touched him even lower, lifted his heavy balls, tickled the entrance and muttered, “If you don’t want it, just say it aloud, and we’ll think of something else.”
“And I will forget,” Tony said in the same tone, “I swear, I’ll forget everything and beat the shit out of you, Steven. How many times have I asked you to stop driving Peter crazy with your damn magic!”
“So I need to go there and make them… But Mr. Strange, they don’t know me! There, or rather then I was only a schoolkid from Quinns!”
“Who isn’t ready? How can you not be ready if Cap is in love with you? For example,” Tony poked his finger in Bruce’s chest, “what would you do if Steve confessed to you?”
“Aaahhh,” is the only thing Tony manages to groan.
Bruce nodded.
“Promise me,” Steve whispered, “that we won’t forget… this? That we’ll stay together? Because I want it, Tony, I want it so much, you can’t even imagine. I’m not perfect, just like you, but we… deserve it, right? We deserve each other.”
Clint Barton fell right from a clear sky, looked around, and shouted to his comm, “Nat, two more!”
“For you.”
“I’d take a blood analysis,” Bruce looked concerned even though he smiled. “Just in case. Even if I’m not that kind of doctor.”
“I am,” Strange sighed. “I remember and I will remember.”
Peter stared at them with hope. They were so different and at the same time so equally stubborn in their will to protect what was right and important for each of them. They bumped and sparked over and over again, like two flints, and only they could warm this world… or burn it down.
Moreover, Strange was an adult. If you don't consider that an argument, just imagine a kid who tries arguing with a teacher.
“Peter,” Captain said it like Peter was a small child, “do you understand how it looks like? You come like a bolt from the blue, explain nothing, ask something strange… We are both men, how about it?”
“I’ve made this uniform,” he said. “And don’t ask me, how it is possible, I see this boy for the first time, but clearly not for the last. He knows not only about fucking Budapest and the rocket, he knows what will be next. Do you understand? Somewhere in the future, maybe in ten years…”
Once Tony’s chest had been smooth and beautifully sculptured. His strong muscles were still attractive, but the whole area from the collarbones to the abdomen transformed into one uneven scar, as if someone cruel peeled skin from there, tore it apart, and stuck back—roughly, wryly, ugly. It seemed even more surreal because a round glass was shining with blue light in the center of this monstrous scar, and wingnuts along the edges of this glass held it all together. Tony noticed Steve’s shocked gaze and twisted his mouth. Then he unscrewed one of the wingnuts and opened his little porthole. The light shone even brighter, and Steve seemed to let out some indistinct sound.
“Nonexistent God, grant me patience and strength!” Tony cried rolling his eyes. Peter laughed, caught something weird in Strange’s eyes, and felt some change in him, inside him. It was as if he remembered yesterday after a colorful but chaotic dream. One brick after another is put in place—and you have what hasn't been there a moment ago.
“Nothing,” he said decisively. “Nothing at all. Let’s go home.”
He pulled them all up—it wasn’t any more painful than pulling out a hair one by one. Only after that, he came out of his room. If he was lucky…
“It’s quite… openly,” the priest nodded. “Are you ready to respect and love each other till death?”
And yet he pulled Tony closer and planted a kiss on his neck.
And walk, and walk.
“Rogers became even stranger than earlier.” That was at the end of the letter. “He says that democracy is the decent evolution of Hydra ideals and that true order is impossible without freedom. I think he has gone mad. He let Stark experiment with the Cube and all that stuff. You are a smart son of a bitch, Alex, Alaska is safer right now.”
“Tony, I…” Steve started without even knowing what to say. He knew only one thing—he had ruined everything. No flower could fix it, even if all his petals predicted “yes”, and “he loves you”, and “it will be okay”. To release his tentacles in the face of a guy that you had been pining for so long… “Fuck. It’d be better if I just came here without my pants, right?”
“Who did give you the right to decide for all humankind?” Stark asked a bit sadly.
Rogers blushes, despite all his strength and muscles. Tony cuddles to the hot and firm chest and decides that his complex feeling towards Cap Great America is a mix of hate, admiration, and amazement. Yeap. Grim and thrilling cocktail.
“Believe me,” Steve said hoarsely. “You can do anything you want with them.”
A small package took its place in Peter’s pocket. The President finished his speech, news filled the TV screen once again, and Peter decided.
“Hello, Tony. Nice to have you here with us. Your recent life has become not that happy. Can you say why you agreed to talk about it?”
“What you’ve heard,” Steve snapped back. “The boy is right. It’s not a big sacrifice if it provides the safety of humanity in the end. We went there ready to die, and this isn't death…”
“If it’s contagious, I want… how that’s… marigolds! They are orange and smell nice!” Tony touched one of the flowers, caressing petals, and Steve closed his eyes. He didn’t groan and considered it a victory.
Peter stared at him disbelievingly.
“I want to cry,” Tony muttered. “Joking. Cap, this story is completely foolish and totally incredible—even for me. If this is our start, I’m afraid to imagine the continuation. Yep, this is scary… but interesting, so I won’t regret it, that’s for sure. We can deal with other problems through my bank account or workshop and your vibranium principles. We’ll work it out.”
At night there is such a beautiful sky upon the forest, that in no way Tony could guess it can be like this. It’s dark, and deep (by the way, Tony scarcely avoided death in a space, so he should have known that it’s a vast abyss), and full of stars. Tony isn’t like Lady Gaga or someone else, he can’t parallel these things with brilliants, he can only describe them through formulas. But formulas don’t work here. Other teammates exchange jokes, roll open sleeping bags, carry water for morning routines, drink tea from camp-cups. Tony keeps staring in the sky.
“Tony,” he said. “You don’t have to…”
"I'd never do it," Steve said. "I won't leave you, Tony, I swear."
The food steamed, smelling delicious, the flowers lay between dishes and plates. Steve covered his face with his hands. He was almost sure that he had a chance; how could he be so awfully wrong? And how would they work from now on? The team…
“Do you trust him so much? Why? He dreams of a couple more explosions, it’s written all over his face.”
“Please!”
Suddenly Rogers goes silent in such a suspicious way as if something has really burst inside him.
He moved his eyebrow one more time, and the screen showed smoking debris and upside-down cars. Peter quit asking and froze.
Bruce smiled at him.
“It’s gentiána vérna,” JARVIS intervened, “or the spring gentian. It can be found everywhere but in the Arctic. It’s early flowering, buds are produced right after snow break.”
“If you want a scout tour, Rogers, you’ll get it,” Tony grumbles. “Tents, sleeping bags, and sausages on a fire, yeah?”
Meantime, things are getting better. The headache is quieting, Rogers is cheering up.
“There are no such idiots in the world who would refuse you. You are Captain America, in the end!”
“It’s torn from a flagstaff,” he noted. “Would you mind, Cap?”
Stark smiled dreamily and happily.
“I don’t approve meaningless deaths.” Rogers retorted. “And the answer to your question is that, in my opinion, humankind got lost and has been going the wrong way for a long time. It has been wandering somewhere, wasting time and resources on some rubbish, and making mistakes. Now I’m in charge and I will change all of it.”
“We…” Steve considered the answer. Then he cast an uncertain look at Tony and nodded resolutely. “We’re alright if you’re alright. What have you studied there?”
“No magic,” Strange answered quickly. Peter couldn’t blame him: a massive blue-and-red figure was rising threateningly behind the red-hot from rage and fast flight armor. “We discussed a scientific paradox.”
When a couple of smoking bones were left of Rumlow — figuratively speaking, but Pierce was sure that it’s not for long — Captain gave all of them a heavy look.
Tony dropped his hand and looked away. He went out of the room without waiting for an answer and left the smoothie on the table. Steve drank it up — let nothing be wasted.
“Tony, language! And no, he hasn’t. I wonder why. Maybe you’ll come and see?”
“We haven’t even got a date yet,” Steve grumbled, taking off his t-shirt.
Tony flirted. It was a fact, a public norm, an axiom, whatever you called it—he was able to be likable, he could find an approach to anyone, he attracted and made advances. When Tony got down to business, nobody could resist him in any meaningful way. But now he seemed to switch off his superpower and asked simply—like Steve himself could ask.
This evening the whole Instagram discusses a photo of Tony burrowing his face into papers. He is rather unshaven, rather dirty, and looks like a person who catches up his sleep after a drug trip. The next day Tony signs a pile of documents, including one where he delegates the CEO post of Stark Industries to Pepper.
Rhodes whistled and shook his head as if he didn’t believe his ears.
“Wait a minute! Does the reputation of a ladies' man count?” Tony asked, breaking out this relative silence.
Now it was Tony’s turn to dumbfoundedly freeze with his jaw hung open.
“Fuck Hydra,” Stark said, stepped forward and closed his hands on the back of frowned Rogers’ head. “I need only you.”
One of the tentacles hugged him by shoulders. The second one touched the small of his back as if trying to prevent an escape attempt. It was indecent, almost obscenely so, but it looked like Tony didn’t mind it. Quite the opposite, he stepped forward and it seemed he was afraid that it’s the last time, that Steve would push him away at any moment, that…
“It could eat me! Or bite me to death!” he shouts to the chuckling Rogers.
“Bitch,” Pierce whispered, hanging on by his eyebrows. If Rogers let Stark tinker in the prosthesis, it would be the death of conspirators. On the other hand, it would be useful for Barnes to know that Pierce didn’t lie when he warned about future problems. “Cap, come on, punch him, he deserves it!”
Now Tony is completely lost. Does Cap aggravate him? Make him mad? Drive him crazy?
“Are you alive? Iron Man, say something!”
“You should fall out of the habit of speaking for other people, Steve,” Tony said. He paused for a bit dramatically and continued, “Yes. Of course, I don’t deserve this knight without fear and reproach, but this is a chance of a lifetime, and in no fucking way will I lose it.”
The impromptu band took its place, and the priest coughed pointedly.
Winter Soldier was slow-witted after his resettings, and the last one had been yesterday, Pierce had controlled it personally. The maintenance of a weapon of mass destruction was a constant pain in the ass, just a small distraction or safety violation could cause many big troubles. Although, Winter Soldier was impossibly quick on the uptake right now, maybe because of the stress.
