"Perfect, your table is ready. Let me help you with your jackets." Balthazar went to take their coats, but Castiel had enough of waiting and grabbed the husband's jacket and whipped it off of his shoulders in an instant. The couple looked back at him perplexed but said nothing and allowed them to be hastily shown to their table. He gave them a forced smile as he followed behind them.
Castiel would laugh at the expression on Claire's face had he not also looked surprised. Anna must have noticed too because she nudged him with her elbow and motioned with her head towards Dean.
Castiel shot an annoyed glare over his shoulder at him.
Claire had wanted them all to get together on Sunday since the restaurant would be closed that day as it was every Sunday. She hadn't specified exactly what she wanted them to cook, she had merely stated she wanted the day of cooking with Dean and him. Together.
Castiel shook his head and he felt his lips twitch into the smallest of smiles. "No that won't be necessary. Thank you."
Castiel found himself mirroring him as he did so. "Better than good, it's delicious Dean."
The tension was palpable, and the moment felt like an eternity,
"I mean, not like
Except when he opened his door he was surprised to find Dean standing there holding one of his neckties. He had a slight pink to his cheeks as he spoke, "It was the kid's idea," he mumbled. "said she wanted it to be a
"Just wait until you try the main course." Dean turned around and went into the kitchen to grab two plates, and made sure to hide them behind his back as he walked back into the room.
“Yes, Chef!”
Rowena hummed from her spot at the desk. “What made it feel like it was too much?”
Dean smiled as he was lost in memory. "Yeah that's my baby. I built her back up myself and have always been good with cars so just figured I'd stick with that and support Sammy through college." He continued his story. "So he made me promise him that I'd get an education first and I agreed to cooking after he sat down with me and went through tons of those college admit books trying to find something I'd like."
They walked in together and he showed her the main living area first.
Everything seemed to move in slow motion then. Castiel didn’t register dropping the phone, or running out of the kitchen to the back where his jacket was located. It didn’t register until he was halfway to the hospital that he wasn’t in the kitchen anymore.
Balthazar feigned being hurt and clutched his chest. “You wound me, Cassie." His British accent became even more prominent as he joked. "Our regulars are here and would love for you to step out and make an appearance so they can praise you in person. Please tell me you’ve got enough of that fake smile left in you for the night?” He pleaded and even went so far as to bat his eyelashes.
"Whatever man if you change your mind just let me know." Dean said and held the door open for them as they left.
"Hey I helped for most of it too!" Claire protested from her spot next to the fireplace. She yawned through her words. It was starting to get late and the days events were starting to have their impact on the small girl.
They made their way to the front door. Dean shuffled from foot to foot not sure on what to say.
"I think I did. It must be the wine and the apple pie." He said and scooped himself another large mouthful of the sinfully sweet dessert.
But everything came to a head later into service as things kept piling up and he wasn't able to keep up with all of the orders.
"And we're gonna eat it with our hands!" Claire said.
She was curled up on her bed turned away from the door.
Especially when at the center of those confusing feelings was one, Dean Winchester. The poster boy for cockiness and bad boy attitude. If one were to look up the definition of "hard to decipher" in the dictionary, then a picture of Dean is what Castiel assumed one would find.
“This is him, yes.” He turned away from the line so he could get some kind of privacy from the mayhem of everything, and to hear the person talking more clearly.
Miracle must have picked up on the change in Dean's demeanor as he chose that moment to go up and lick his fingers. It caused Dean to flinch at the same time Cas ran his fingers across the back of his neck.
“Right, right.
Castiel was just about to head down the stairs and out to his therapy session when his downstairs neighbour decided to make his way back from wherever he’d been. He tried desperately to make it back into the safety of his unit before being spotted. As luck would have it...
Anna did an exceptional job at jumping in where he was lacking. "Come on guys, we've got all these orders but I'm not seeing any plates. Let's move!" She called from her station.
He didn't get up until he heard the rumble of Dean's baby outside. He nearly died of embarrassment when he realized the mistake he'd made.
When typically he would skip out on eating at the daily meetings, Claire would make a point of placing a plate of freshly dished up pasta Dean had made in front of him. If he tried to protest at all she would just give him a look that made him immediately shut up.
He was nearly through the first chapter when he heard the conversation take a more sombre tone. Placing a finger on the words so he wouldn't forget where he left off, Castiel put his ear against the door to listen.
"What for getting you out of the bathroom so I can piss, no problem."
Castiel woke up in Claire’s hospital room the next morning. The sunlight streaming in is what initially woke him, but the worried look on Claire’s face is what really got his adrenaline going. She started asking about her dad the moment their eyes met.
He ignored the startled and then questioning look Dean gave him and continued forward. After showing Claire where to put her things and a quick run down on where she could and couldn't go in the kitchen, he asked if she needed anything else before going.
"Apple Pie?" He asked once the dish was brought closer.
Dean was the first to break when Miracle whined and nudged up against him again.
"Means he's too tall for his own good. Alright let's get the toppings on these bad boys, what do you say."
Candles had been lit and were lining the room along the floor and even up some of the shelves. The fireplace made the room glow in a bright orange and yellow that made the whole atmosphere sparkle. Even the stuffed animals added to the ambiance and made Castiel feel as though he actually were on a jungle safari. One that his niece and coworker (friend?) Had put together just for him to enjoy with them.
Back at his station, Dean grabbed a small pot and began to boil water. As he waited he grabbed a handful of spaghetti noodles and measured out a decent sized portion.
"Perhaps." Cas said and seemed to smile with just his eyes.
He thought it was odd that his own emotions were wanting to do the opposite. He could feel the walls already starting to go up as his caretaker instincts kicked in at seeing a crying child. Unfortunately his instincts didn't go much farther than staring for an uncomfortably long time. He barely managed to open his mouth when she asked the next question.
Dean let go and took another sip of his beer. "Uh about a year now? Found the poor guy abandoned at this old rundown gas station off the interstate. Figured if I didn't take him then no one else would."
"The doctor said you should be good to leave by the end of the week."
Dean sat back and took in his surroundings some more. The building they lived in was old with wood floors. Cas used an area rug to separate the space visually and created the effect of having a small living room off to the side away from his bed. The bed in question was a daybed with a full size mattress.
Castiel assumed it was because he probably still had feelings from the ways Castiel had treated him at work. He probably had just felt awkward at realizing he was technically in his boss's apartment while holding on to said boss for longer than necessary.
Castiel heard her running and poked his head out of his room.
One, was his neighbour who looked like he was just getting in from wherever it was he'd been. Second was Miracle's sudden jolt as he ran to greet him which resulted in the leash that was around his legs pulling him completely off his feet. It happened so fast that it took a second for his brain to catch up to what had happened.
As though also becoming aware of the fact he was still holding on to Castiel's shoulders, Dean jerked his hands away.
"Oh. Yeah. That would do it." He said awkwardly.
“Dad!” Claire yelled from the back seat. Clearly offended by his comment.
The rest of the night went by without any hitches. Castiel returned home later that evening and pulled out some of the tupperware that held the leftovers from his therapist visit from the fridge. Sighing to himself he set about reheating his food and sitting down to eat by himself at his small kitchenette table.
"Will I get to cook anything?" She asked with excitement in her eyes.
"Yeah she's totally passed out. Here let me get her." Dean scooted his way over on his knees to where Claire was curled up. He gently picked her up and grabbed her favourite stuffed animal as he stood.
His vision was only focused on the letter he was clutching onto but he did manage to capture the, "oh...
At one point Castiel looked over to see Claire yawning as she tucked Miracle close to her chest. Something tugged in him at the sight. He knew he had to wrap things up and get her home to sleep before school.
Once inside he let out a breath he hadn't realized he had been holding onto. He watched as his air came out in a warm puff around him once inside the cold.
“Jimmy, how’re you? How’s the drive going?” Castiel answered and put the phone on speaker.
Castiel was nervous about bringing Claire in. He knew that she would stay out of the way, but he wasn't sure how the rest of the staff would take it to having a 12 year old in the kitchen.
"Nah man it's cool, cuddling is cool." Dean's mouth seemed to be running ahead of his thoughts.
Not that Castiel was paying attention or anything. He just noted the unusual time from the previous days.
Anna, his sous chef, gave him one of her glowing smiles. Though the glowing could have been due to her pregnancy and the fact she was just about ready to go into labour any day. “We’ll be fine for more than 2 minutes, Castiel. Go do your rounds.” Then she shooed him off.
surprise, and that I had to put this over your eyes and guide you out."
"Thanks for hosting Cas, next time we'll have to do it at mine." He winked and then got up from his spot on the floor and began gathering up his supplies to take home. Cas remained on the floor and watched as Dean moved around his apartment gracefully before finally waving goodbye and closing the front door behind him.
"You know Romans used to chew on basil before prom to help get rid of bad breath." Dean said and winked at Claire. He set the bowl down next to her and stood up properly.
“Well, for starters, what would happen when things eventually ended? I’d move in, he’d get tired of me, things would get strained, and then we would break up and I would be left with nothing because I’d given it up to move in with him.” Castiel sighed and sat up. “Samandriel was sweet, but I wasn’t about to give up my life for him.”
Everyone seemed to feel the shift in energies. Food was being sent out late, and on more than one occasion did Castiel have to remind the staff to put the garnishes on.
"Claire please." Castiel tried to reason with her as he opened the door and climbed in, but there was only so much he could do with an angry 12 year old.
The sound of the tupperware lid popping off filled the silent room and Dean made his way back over to where Castiel had moved back into the living room to lean against the couch on the floor.
Dean had one twin bed shoved off to the side in his own apartment and suddenly the idea of bed observations with a hot doctor sounded a lot better than returning home.
Castiel just silently nodded his head without meeting Balthazar's eyes. He tucked the letter he'd brought into the front pocket of his apron as he was turned away.
Meg glared down at the line as though she could will the food to cook faster. She snatched each plate off the line as soon as they were set down, ready to be delivered. She mouthed something along the lines of, “gross perverted old man,” before turning around.
At the market Castiel made his usual rounds and introduced Claire to everyone. Benny fell in love with her immediately and made her laugh by pretending to make the fish talk.
“Oh, right.” Castiel said and made a show of going back up the stairs to his own unit. He opened the door and then waited several moments before slamming it shut to make it sound like he’d run inside to grab whatever it was he was lying about forgetting.
Dean laughed from his spot in the little kitchenette area upon witnessing the interaction.
"I want you to take a week off." Balthazar said in a level and calm voice. He reached out and placed a firm hand on Castiel's knee. "That's not a suggestion, that's an order."
Cas huffed a laugh. "Bed rest would be your best bet." His eyes flicked over to his bed off to the opposite side of the room and then back to Dean. "Observation to make sure there's no concussion."
"It comes with the territory of working with children. Though I'm glad to have an audience that appreciates my effort. Most of the time I just get unimpressed groans." Cas shrugged.
"The chevy outside?"
"Heh, yeah I wouldn't trade him for the world." He smiled and stared back at Cas.
She had been balancing on the brick fence lining a garden when she suddenly jumped down and declared, "I know what I want my wish to be."
"Sammy being Sammy was all 'Dean you can't just not get an education because of me.' See I kind of assumed I'd just take over the family business my Uncle Bobby has at his auto shop. You saw my baby outside yeah?"
Castiel began picking up the plates and other food items from the living room to take back into the kitchen. As he made his way into the kitchenette he glanced down the hall and felt his heart swell up at the sight of Dean carrying Claire. She was so small in his arms and he handled her with so much care and attention it was almost too much for him to handle.
“Fuck off,” says Dean, without any real heat. He stares down at his beer, clearly trying to rein in his tears, but they won’t be pulled back. He continues crying, and Cas settles his palm against Dean’s back, able to feel his warmth through the thin flannel.
Anyway, it got him in the end, didn’t it? His love for Dean Winchester swallowed him whole and set him down in the Empty.
Jess smiles. “Water would be great.”
“Just as aware as I allow him to be,” Lucifer says. “He’s a good little soldier, Dean is. The best of the best. But he’s a broken man, Cas. You’ve set your sights on someone who is far, far too emotionally constipated.”
Cas sits back down.
The purse of Dean’s lips around the rim of a beer bottle
“He is not broken,” Cas hisses, his eyes narrowing.
’s not the right word. Power cracks him open, surges through him like the strongest current, buoys him on its wave. He has just to think before creation appears at his fingertips. And he looks at the man he loves, and he tells him it’s time to kneel. Finally, he will have Dean’s devotion. He will have all of Dean, all the secret parts of him, and he will know him, and he will find him good.
Then there’s a banging on the cell door. Relief filling him, Cas undoes the bolt and slips into the hallway. There’s Sam, blood-spattered and weary, holding an incongruous Trader Joes tote bag. “I got it,” he tells Cas. “Rowena was very helpful.”
“I wanted to talk to you,” says Sam. “I mean, I wanted to…I don’t know.” Now that he’s faced with Dean himself, he can’t make himself form the right words.
The man frowns. “Dean doesn’t have friends from school.”
There was a long silence. Then Dean nodded.
“Um, because you’re my brother?” says Sam. “I wanted to know you were doing okay.”
Sam bit the inside of his cheek, turned his words around in his mind. Then he said, “Pull it together, Dean.”
—your savor his prayer, you taste it on your tongue and crush it with your molars and swallow it, because it’s the closest thing to his reciprocation that you are ever going to get.
Its proud length and weeping tip
“Like hell it’s not,” says Lucifer, still putting on Dean’s voice. “Look, Lucifer’s telling me things, okay? He can help us.”
Dean is sitting at the kitchen table with a beer, and he’s crying. Crying with his face all screwed up. Crying like Cas has never seen him cry before.
Dean rubs his nose with the back of his hand, looking pained. “’s stupid.”
Cas does not return to his seat, but stands there, his blade hanging at his side. He wonders how much longer he will have to be cooped up in this cell with Lucifer.
“You won’t use that on me.” Lucifer sounds confident, calm. He’s right to. Cas could never hurt Dean, so there’s nothing he can do about it except watch Lucifer sit in Dean’s body like a malignant spirit and try not to chew through his tongue.
“But I’m right here,” Lucifer says, blinking innocently. “I have full control. I can see every thought he’s ever had. Do you want to know what he thinks of you?”
But Dean didn’t seem to notice anything out of the ordinary. He just said, “I know, Sammy. I know.” And then he brushed back Sam on his way back to his own room.
“When I was little, I mean, I’ve never told you this, but, uh, when I was little. I, uh. I used to…I don’t know how to say this, man.”
Sam sat and watched Dean for a long while. He watched his chest go up and down, his lashes flutter. He watched as a grimace crossed Dean’s face, and he wondered what Dean was dreaming about. And then he didn’t have to wonder any longer, because Dean was murmuring something, something that sounded an awful lot like, “Cas. Cas.”
” As Sam spoke, his eyes filled with tears, and he angrily wiped them away. “You wanted me to leave you to
Sam grits his teeth and shifts his weight. The sigil is complicated, and Castiel reminds himself not to speed up. The slightest wrong move, and he’ll have to start all over.
“I was so scared,” Dean admits breathlessly, and Cas wants to consume him. He wants to envelop Dean in his wings and hold him tight. He never wants to let him go again.
and you fall into it, you fall into a hundred times, and you’re pressed up against him, and there are tears in your eyes, and he’s kissing those tears off your cheeks and begging you to come back, and all you can say, all you can say is
Lucifer’s face crumples. “I’m tired of holding it back, Cas. I’m tired of pretending that I don’t feel. Because I feel—for you.”
There’s a laugh, definitely Dean’s. “I don’t know, man. But you know I like to live on the edge.” And then there’s a quiet that sounds suspiciously like kissing.
“Not me.”
“C’mere.”
“Oh, Dean,
It’s Famine, it’s Famine that’s making them do this, Dean rationalizes as he grips Cas’s head with his hands, fingers sinking into his soft hair and pulling him down, his tongue surging into Cas’s mouth and sweeping along his rough palate.
Glancing at her phone, Jess reads the address aloud. “Yep. This is it.”
A conflicted expression passes over Dean’s face, and he scrubs his cheek with his hand. “Uh. A mutual friend thought that we’d be good together. So she set us up on a…on a blind date.”
His breath still shaky, Dean takes a few sips. He sighs. “I wish you hadn’t seen me like this.”
He groans, running a hand through his hair and yawning. “Already?”
Jess turns to Sam and hits him on the shoulder. “Did you know?”
Slowly, Lucifer licks his lower lip and lets out something between a moan and a sigh. The sound is obscene, and Cas flushes.
His mouth going dry, Cas starts. What does Lucifer mean by that? Is he talking about what he said of Dean’s affections for Cas?
Dean’s eyes are fixed on Cas, his entire face rapt. He looks like he could listen to Cas talk forever. Oh, yeah. Dean’s in love. Hopelessly in love.
“This is good,” Cas says after a while, for want of something to say. “The film.”
With a glare, Dean says, “No shit I moved on. Dad died half a decade ago, right? I’m friggin’ over it.” The way he says it, though, leaves Sam with a sneaking suspicion that Dean is not, in fact, over it.
Over the years, Sam had witnessed things. Things he knew that Dean wouldn’t want him to see, so he’d never remarked on them before. But maybe Dean needed to talk about it. Needed to talk about the way he would caress Cas’s face before a battle. To talk about the way he would tilt his head down for Cas to lay the benediction of his lips on his forehead.
“You’re back,” Lucifer says to Cas. “And Sammy too!” He sounds delighted. “Does he know about you, Castiel? About what you want?”
“What I want?” says Dean, after a moment. “I can’t have.”
Castiel walks back in, a wrinkle between his eyes. “I apologize. I had to make a call.”
With a deliberate motion, Cas drops the burger and surges over the seat until he’s straddling Dean’s lap, back pressed up against the steering wheel. It’s tight, too tight, and Dean’s covered in angel, and his mouth is filled with an angel’s tongue, and it’s not soft and sweet and angelic, it’s hard and rough, and Cas bites down on Dean’s lip, and Dean moans into Cas’s mouth.
“Sorry,” Sam says sheepishly. “Forgot to tell you.”
“You good?” says Dean, his hand wrapped around a paper cup of crappy hospital coffee.
A few nights later, Sam was headed to the bathroom when he saw the door to Cas’s room open and Dean come out. They stopped and stared at each other, Dean with a guilty look on his face.
“We decided that engagement rings are a patriarchal concept designed to treat women like property,” Jess explains. “But we’re gonna do wedding rings.” Her face lights up as she talks about their upcoming wedding in July. “It’s gonna be on the beach,” she says happily.
“So,” says Sam, “you’re Dean’s roommate?”
Just then, the front door opens and a voice booms, “Honey, I’m home!” It’s Dean, the same deep, joking tone that Sam remembers from childhood, and his heart goes still.
Sam stares at his girlfriend for approximately five seconds. And then he bursts into laughter. “
“Cool,” says Sam. “Guess that’ll cut down on Thanksgiving arguments.”
Dean seems to know he’s won this conversation, because after that he backs off. “Cas, you gonna start on the lasagna?” Castiel—Cas—nods.
For a moment, Dean is still, and Cas’s heart plunges, but then Dean is leaning into the kiss, tangling his hands in Cas’s hair, sweeping his tongue into Cas’s mouth and licking desperately, as though he’s been starving all along.
“Yeah, well,” says Dean. “Cas’s a pretty decent cook.” The table is small and square-shaped, built for four people at the max; Dean is sitting a right angle to Cas, whose sitting at a right angle to Sam, whose sitting at a right angle to Jess. Under the table, Sam can see Dean lay his hand on Cas’s knee.
And his eyes grow hard and he sits up straighter and says,
Now the man looks surprised. “Who are you?” Blunt, to the point. Sam finds himself oddly reluctant to answer. Who is this man, and why does he deserve to know the Winchesters’ business?
viii. They’re in a crypt, and Dean gazes up at Cas with a battered, bloody face. One hand grips Cas’s leg.
into reading,” Dean says during a lull in the conversation. “More than SF, I mean. That shit’s still good, don’t get me wrong, but now I’m reading, like, Jeffrey Eugenides and Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie.”
If Sam doubted it before, he doesn’t anymore. It’s clear from Dean’s guilty look that he’s hiding something. And now Sam knows what it is.
It depends how you look at it.
“But someone has to keep an eye on me,” says Lucifer, batting his lashes. “Tell me, what is it about Dean Winchester that you love the most? Is it his death wish? His stupid bravery? Or is it more…physical.” At this, Lucifer cocks his head and fixes Cas with a stare. “Let me go and I’ll give you a fuck, Castiel.”
Castiel shakes his head. The silence stretches out uncomfortably. At last, Castiel breaks it. “Can I get you anything?”
This is too much for Sam. He just can’t square it. Dean Winchester, in a relationship with a guy? Then, suddenly, he remembers Dean’s words in the study. A blind date. Oh, fuck. Dean is in a relationship with a guy!
shit.” His strong, capable fingers grip the wheel as he spins it. Cas watches the shadows from his tendons play over the valleys of his hand. Hunger rolls through him, extreme in its pitch, overwhelming in its magnitude. Castiel can barely understand it. There’s something happening between his legs, a certain rising, and he easily wills it away. He is an angel, after all.
Sam glances at Jess, then at the door knocker, which looks newly polished. “Yeah,” he lies. “I’m ready.” At first, he knocks lightly, but when no one comes, he puts a little more force behind it. Finally, he hears footsteps coming near to the door. His mouth goes dry, and he swallows thickly.
Dean sat up and opened the glove box, started going through the cassette tapes. He tried to stuff one in the player, but his hand was shaking too badly. “Fuck!”
“You’re a good man, Dean Winchester,” says Cas, and this time he touches Dean, just a soft touch, to his shoulder.
“Sorry.” Sam drops the pillow and begins fidgeting with his chin instead. God, this is awkward. He wonders how Jess is getting along in the kitchen.
“Let’s go,” says Jess, getting out of the car and slamming the door behind her. Sam follows nervously. He hasn’t seen his brother in almost five years, and now he’s dropping in completely unexpectedly. It’s nerve-wracking. Jess must know how he’s feeling, because she gives him a sympathetic smile and drops a quick kiss on his cheek before taking his hand in her own. Together, they march up the front path to the front door.
Unable to help himself, Sam inhaled sharply. He’d known this was coming, but still. This was heavy. He didn’t know how Dean had been able to hold all this to himself for so long. No wonder he’d wanted to die at the end of the nail.
He twists his wrist in that way that drives Dean wild, and he bucks forward into Cas’s hand, tears of pleasure prickling at his eyes. He wipes at them roughly with the back of his hand, but then Cas is licking them away, greedily swiping his tongue across Dean’s cheeks. All the while, he continues to pump Dean’s cock, and then he’s coming, too, all over his shirt.
“Listen to me,” Cas says firmly, taking Dean’s hands in his own and squeezing. “Listen to me, Dean Winchester. I know that you feel unclean, but I have held your soul in my own two hands. I have formed your body from dust and stardust, and I have breathed life into you, and I have found you good. Do you hear me?
“I’d think a writer like that would be able to afford his own place,” says Sam.
“I think that you’re afraid,” said Sam. “You’re afraid that you’ll fail, that you won’t be able to get Cas back. But we won’t be able to get him back unless we try. So we’re going to try, okay? We’re going to try.”
Sam picks up one of the throw pillows, tosses it around a little bit. Tries to see how high he can throw it.
“I know it hurts,” he says eventually. “I know, Dean. I’m sorry. I’m here, and I’m sorry. I would kill everyone who ever hurt you, if I could. I would kill them all for you.” Maybe it’s what Dean needs to hear, and maybe it isn’t. Nobody ever said Cas would be good at this comforting thing. But he’s trying. He’s trying.
and you say,
“Ain’t got nothing to talk about,” Dean said, his voice thick with tears. He pushed himself away from the counter and scrubbed his hands down the sides of his face.
, even though you’re an angel, even though you don’t sleep. But you’re an angel and your grace is fading, and maybe you do need to sleep, and you lie in bed and he lies on the floor, watching over you.
what God intended, little brother. He notched me like an arrow in the bow of his divine plan and let me fly.”
Dean’s face softens, and he leans back in his chair. “Love you too, Sammy.”
“Yeah. To be roommates.”
Dean snorts. “Yeah, I’ll bet you are.” A pause, and then he adds, “I guess I do, too.”
“Barely,” says Cas. “I’ve chosen my own family, and you’re not part of it.”
Dean does. He paces a little bit more, rests his forearm against the wall and tips his forehead onto it. “When I was young, like real young, Dad used to leave me ’n Sam alone while he went on hunts. And there wouldn’t be enough food, and we’d need money, so I’d. I’d do things. For cash.”
“Little Castiel,” says Lucifer now, a grin widening across his face, revealing all his teeth. In Dean’s mouth, they’re charming, but Lucifer wears Dean’s canines like fangs. “In love with a human.”
. Part of him thought that this would never happen, that Dean was just the type of person to be tortured forever. But it turns out that that’s not the case, and damn does that feel good.
“Uh, yeah,” says Dean, going a little pink. “Actually, those are Cas’s books. He writes under a pseudonym.”
“I’m happy for you,” he tells Dean. “Love you, man.”
When Cas sees them come in, he puts down the knife and looks at Dean expectantly. Dean shakes his head. It’s a small gesture, and Sam almost misses it. He wonders what the hell that was all about just as Jess says, “Sam and I left some wine in the car. We’ll run out and get it.”
“I tried to call you,” Castiel murmurs. “I got your voice mail.”
“You’ve grieved, okay? You’ve grieved for months. Now it’s time to fucking do something about it. It’s time to get your life back on track. We’re going to the Empty, we’re
“Nahhh,” said Dean, trying to turning away from Sam and wincing. “I’m fiiiiiiiine.” His eyelids fluttered shut as he said one more time, “I’m fine.”
i. The first time it happens, Castiel brushes it off as a fluke. A minor inconvenience of inhabiting human flesh. It’s the first time Dean prays to him, and his prayer is like none other that Castiel has heard. It tugs at the core of him, pulling him across vast swaths of space to land before the man who called out to him. And when Dean asks for help, for a way to defeat Lilith, Castiel tells him about the archangels’ propensity for protecting prophets. And before he takes to his wings, he stares into Dean’s face, his own lips tingling, and wonders.
“We’re here.” Jess shuts off the car and nudges Sam’s arm. “Time to get up, sleepyhead.”
He shakes his head, sharp and fast. Lucifer laughs, looking amused. He looks so handsome, with the dents above his cheekbones, and his strong jaw, and those perfect lips. But the way he wears them is all wrong. It’s incongruous, watching a different spirit animate Dean’s face. Where Dean would have his lips slightly pursed, Lucifer’s are pulled inward the tiniest bit. When he blinks, he does so slowly, as thought unused to the motion.
For a little while, the two brothers sit in silence, neither of them knowing what to say. Sam casts about the room for inspiration, and his eyes land on the bookshelf. “You read Novak?” he says. “Didn’t know you were a literary fiction fan.”
believes it. His brother’s dating a dude.
Cas stops chopping mushrooms, wiping his hands on his apron and coming to inspect the bottles. “That was very kind of you,” he says in his grave voice.
The entirety of earthly canon resides in Cas’s head—though not as firmly as before, when he had his angelic powers of memory—but he doesn’t say that aloud. Instead he says, “Then show me,” and his voice is husky with something he dares not name.
“That’s good,” Dean says, seeming sincere. “I’m happy for you.” He sucks in his cheeks, kicks his foot against the ground to send the chair sliding back. “Any other developments?”
(And in the beginning, Dean led Cas from the Empty with a strong hand, and of course, that wasn’t really the beginning. But it was Cas’s beginning.)
“Cas!” Dean cries, his voice resounding through the Empty. “I’m here! I’ve got you!”
Taking a step forward, Cas says, “And you are?”
And once, Castiel, angel of the lord, had stood in a barn on a dark night in autumn as sparks showered down around him, and he’d looked at the Tree of Knowledge that was Dean Winchester, and he’d thought,
, Sam thought,
“In here,” Castiel calls back, his voice sounding strained. Dean walks into the kitchen, his arms filled with paper bags.
“Cas is Jimmy Novak,” Dean tells Jess proudly. Jess’s mouth drops open.
Dean, on his side, or back, or front, eyes dark with lust, lips parted:
Cas desperately wants to know what Dean means. He doesn’t want to have to make him spell it out. But he isn’t quite sure he follows.
Castiel glanced up at him through his dark eyelashes which caused Dean's stomach to flutter. "That's not what I had in mind, no." He held up a packet of Advil from the pack.
The door that led to the dining room swung open and Meg, one of the servers, could be heard gossiping with Jo. “I’m telling you that guy is such a fucking perv. He not only looked right down the front of my shirt, but the drooling scumbag had the audacity to try and guess my cup size.” She said as she walked up to where the line of plates ready to be taken out to the tables was waiting for the servers. She picked up two of them and gave Jo another eyeroll before turning around.
Dean once again blushed. "I guess." He rolled his shoulders and grimaced again. "Though sometimes I feel life would be much easier without him."
Miracle nudged his nose against Dean's hand again.
As he was walking by one of the tables next to the bar, he overheard a conversation with one of the guests and Jo.
Castiel sighed, "I don't mind. But mine is bigger."
Was he excited? Sure, because Claire was excited. But he was scared to analyze his feelings further than that. Which is why changing the sheets on his bed sounded more pleasant than dealing with feelings.
"Claire you're right. I messed up and I forgot you. I seem to be doing everything wrong." He said solemnly. The pit in his stomach grew as he spoke. "Please if there is anything I can do to make it up to you tell me. Just tell me what you want and I'll try my best to do it for you. Please forgive me." He pleaded
Castiel allowed a small smile to himself. He prided himself in the work he had done to get to head chef at The Bite. It had taken years of studying and working under other well known chefs. Along with years of torment working alongside his former colleague Crowley who had made his time in Hell's Kitchen torment. So when his good friend Balthazar had pitched his idea of opening his own restaurant, Castiel was the first to bite at the offer of taking place as head chef. Pun intended.
"Hey Claire, that was the restaurant. They need me to go in for a few hours." He told her as he leaned against the doorway to her room.
"Fair enough." He said in understanding. "What the chef said."
That feeling was validated when he finally met with the doctor in charge of his brother and niece.
“You want to elaborate more on that Dearie?”
Cas blushed again. "Probably not."
As soon as they were finished Castiel glanced at the clock, at the front door, and then briefly back at Dean.
"Uh, yeah it's good."
"We'll have to hire movers to get all of your stuff."
Claire was learning more about how the kitchen worked. She would help with prepping the easier foods alongside the newly appointed sous chef.
"I should get going." Dean whispered, his breath hot against Cas's cheek.
"My apologies."
They both spoke at the same time. Castiel made eye contact with Claire and he could see a small smile on her face and he could tell she was sincere in her words.
“Why is that so bad?”
Castiel traced his fingers along the words and imagined Jimmy sitting in his room telling him everything he'd written outloud.
Dean went back to his station and kept glancing up every now and then to see what Claire was doing.
“Well one of these days you’re gonna have to let me take you out for dinner. I just tried this wonderful Thai place just a few blocks away. Best Pad Thai I’ve ever had.”
Balthazar was thankfully in the middle of dealing with a vendor when they walked in. He shot Castiel a look that said "we'll talk later" upon seeing Claire but otherwise let them continue past.
She motioned for him to lean down and then she got up on her tip toes and whispered in his ear.
"I have to agree, though it was definitely worth it."
Who knew that the person cooking in your kitchen would once have been someone you held a grudge against could be so…complicated?
"Just a few more steps."
“Sounds good, I’ll have dinner ready when you get here.”
Cas worked quickly to assess his back, padding gently up and down his spine. Dean heard blood rush to his ears.
When they got inside the apartment they both stomped to their rooms and slammed their doors behind them. Neither one bothering to take their coat or shoes off.
"I can't get her to eat anything. Nothing I make. And I try to make things kids like, but she just doesn't want anything I make." Castiel said somberly. He knew that it wasn't healthy for her to continue to restrict her diet, and he was finding he was desperate for anything at that point. The only solace he seemed to find was that she at least ate the school lunches the school provided upon asking them one day about the lunch charges she'd been sent home with. It also explained why she never touched the lunches he sent with her.
“Aw see, now what would I do without you, Clarence?” Meg said in her singsong voice, saved specially for Castiel.
"Oh, hey Clarence. Good to see you." She said and went back out to the table she was presumably heading towards. She cast him one last glance and he raised an eyebrow in question, but she just shrugged and kept on her path.
Dean rolled his eyes. "As though there's any other way to eat it."
Claire's wish meant cleaning. Lots of cleaning
He always seemed to procure the best truffles and always cut an extremely good deal for him and Anna. He wasn't quite positive that it was legal the ways in which Sergei procured the product, but Castiel would be a fool to ignore a deal.
"Yes, and the staff could use a bit of the personality all things considered." Balthazar flicked an unimpressed gaze towards Castiel.
Castiel glanced at her and then at the walk-in freezer. Silently he nodded towards it.
He smiled and pulled the chopsticks off his door and then opened it. He found his home to be completely silent. He took his coat and shoes off and padded down the hallway to Claire's room only to find it empty.
"No, no I'll leave." Castiel shook his head amused and then began backing into his room once more. Before closing the door fully he added, "oh and Dean? Thank you."
He couldn't help but feed off Claire's good mood. He hoped it would infect everyone else too and they wouldn't give him a hard time over bringing her in.
Balthazar hit him on the shoulder. “Seriously, Cassie, we need to work on that temper of yours. You can’t keep scaring off the customers just because they don’t agree with your way of cooking.”
“What kind of brother would I be if I made you stop for pizza?” Castiel said unimpressed.
“It’s sometimes called the lovebird’s dish.” Castiel said as he stood next to the giant window overlooking the city. “You can stuff them, broil them, poach them. It’s perfect for any romantic dinner.” He continued as he watched people on the street below. It was an overcast and gloomy day and many people were walking against the wind, tucking their jackets in as they went along their day. “The trick is to not overcook them.” He finished and then turned around. He let his eyes sweep over the office he was in and noted the odd paper weight in the shape of a small cauldron. He found it rather odd but didn’t say anything.
"Um, I'm not hungry." She said and pushed the plate away from her. "Can I go back to my room?"
"Keep an eye on that for me will you?"
He laughed as he picked it up, "yeah sure you are kiddo." He took it to the sink to rinse off before handing it back.
." Before she left to go get Balthazar.
His fingers shook as he held them over the answering machine. He clicked the messages again and listened to his brother's voice fill the empty space in the halls of his apartment. He wasn't sure how long he spent listening to the message over again, but eventually he managed to get his legs working enough to move into the bedroom.
He sighed and bowed his head before taking a deep breath and looking up to meet her eyes. "The babysitter we had last night left early, she had Claire hiding in her room all night, and smoked indoors and used my plates as an ashtray."
Hell even Castiel was still in shock. His brother who he’d been talking to earlier that morning was dead. They had just been talking...
Upon entering the restaurant he realized just how busy and in need of his help they were. He could see Balthazar helping out a couple as they got their coats checked and got ready to be seated. So Castiel walked past him and ignored the slightly pained expression Balthazar had upon seeing Castiel. He assumed it was for the situation with his brother and paid him no mind.
Castiel felt something heavy tighten in his stomach, "Claire I'm so sorry. Anna's water broke and her wife was on the other side of town so I went with to the hospital. She had her baby and I lost track of time."
Then with a flutter of eyelashes, a soft brushing of fabric, and calloused fingertips grazing the nape of his neck, the cloth was secured in place.
Thankfully running there didn't seem to eat into their time too much and Castiel was glad since they didn't have time to flag down a cab.
Jimmy laughed and then spoke to Claire, “Say bye to your Uncle Castiel. We’ll see you soon!”
Maybe it was the good mood of knowing his brother and niece were visiting, maybe it was the new recipe he was glad he got to try before going into his session, but whatever it was Castiel found himself on the opposite end of rapid fire questions regarding his love life that afternoon from Rowena.
"I should probably actually get going." Dean sighed, and then with a sudden wave of boldness added, "unless if the doctor's orders are meant to stay the night." He waggled his eyebrows suggestively.
He went back to reading his book.
Another market run.
Castiel was fiddling in his room with every knick knack he could find, to going through family albums, to taking the sheets off his bed to change them.
That helped break him out of the spell he'd suddenly come under and he finally smiled. "Claire this is more than ok. This is the best thing I could have walked out to. Thank you." He reached up and hesitated before patting Dean's hand. "Both of you."
The next morning Castiel woke to the sound of his alarm clock signalling it was the time of the week to head down to the docks to stake claim to the best catch of the day.
“Comme il faut. As it should be. 140 degrees in the oven, 80 degrees water temperature, for 25 minutes. Not too long, not too short, with just enough touch of pink...
The doctor shook their head, “No we figured it would be best to come from family.”
The new chef spun around and leveled Castiel with such an excited look that made his eyes sparkle. Had Castiel not been so perplexed as to what the hell was going on, he probably would have found it beautiful. As it was, though, he was pissed off instead.
"This room is mine, and this one," he said as he opened the door to what used to be the spare bedroom but would then be Claire's, "this is your room. See it's right across the hall, so if you need anything from me you can just come and knock. And the bathroom is just here in between the two."
"Uh.. nothing?"
Claire nodded and then scrambled back into her room to get dressed. She was out in a flash and Castiel had to remind her to brush her teeth before they left.
Balthazar continued to do the talking until they both left. Castiel said nothing more than a polite, “Thank you,” here and there. Soon enough he was left to go back to the kitchen.
“Jo, I’m telling you this guy won’t give up. It’s fucking disgusting, he’s a pig. Why does he keep coming back?”
"I think that sounds perfect."
. He's quite fond of the work you do, so don't blow it. We can't afford not to have another chef here once Anna is gone on maternity leave." Balthazar poked him in the chest, "So behave."
He had a mix of a startled and pleased expression upon hearing Castiel's moan of approval. Along with something else that Castiel couldn't quite put his finger on. Something he wasn't sure he was ready to read into.
Dean blushed again. "Oh. Y-yeah. Sounds..good."
"So how goes the cooking?" Castiel finally asked.
The small intercom buzzed as Dean hit the button to their unit.
"You're not doing everything wrong."
“Sir, I’m so sorry to inform you, but your brother and niece were in an accident.”
The first order of business was to take his coat off and hang it up. The next was to check his answering machine. He almost wished he hadn't because as soon as he did tears immediately filled his vision and his throat choked up.
Dean couldn't help the laugh that bubbled up at that. Miracle started twirling in circles and wagged his tail. He took the offered beer and moved back to the couch. Cas placed his own beer on the side table and pointed to the walk in closet off to the side.
“Yes, chef!” Came the chorus of responses.
“Have I ever done you wrong?” Benny’s southern accent was most prominent in the morning, and even more so when he knew he was impressing Castiel. He leaned down and pointed to his cheek. “Promise is a promise.”
“Just drive safe and I’ll see you later, ok?”
Castiel found himself studying more of the room than the woman sometimes. Maybe it was because everytime he looked at her he got so uncomfortable and felt as though she could see past his bullshit and that she wasn't afraid to call him out on it. So instead, he would go to the giant bay windows overlooking the city, or look at the rest of the room decor as he paced the room. It was like an eye spy book came to life, he was always finding something new amongst it all.
Normally he wouldn't give two thoughts to what Dean was doing, but since he was going near Claire he suddenly felt his eyes stuck on the other man.
"You forgot me." Claire seethed. She was seated and refused to get up or make eye contact.
Dean nodded and then grunted as he was hauled to his feet. He reached out his opposite hand and grabbed hold of Cas's waist to help steady himself. If he let his hand stay there a little longer than necessary, well then once again he would blame it on his injuries.
Dean raised an eyebrow. "Does the doc have some other suggestions?"
Castiel was quick to see that the plate was missing its garnish and tutted as Meg went to leave. “Forgetting something, Masters?”
Dean deflated. Logically he knew it had nothing to do with him and more so with the fact that the guy literally just met him, but he couldn't help the disappointment from gracing his features.
They entered the kitchen to more dancing and singing.
"You're one corny doc, you know that?"
The past few weeks had been hectic, and with the new chef on the horizon of things to deal with, Castiel was too exhausted to think further on the matter.
She suddenly looked so small curled up amongst her toys.
Castiel laughed and rolled his eyes before leaning up to plant a quick kiss on Benny's cheek.
"Now I feel like the proverbial ass for keeping you."
"Beer would be better." Dean joked. He grimaced at the second bitch face he got in return. "But, uh, yeah sure. Water would be fine."
Claire finally looked at him and stared him down, glaring the entire time before finally getting up and stomping over to the taxi. She slammed the door shut behind her before Castiel had a chance to get in
Castiel wasn't the only one impatient. He went to the window and looked down to the sidewalk to see Claire anxiously pacing back and forth. Every now and then she would glance at her batman watch that Dean had gotten her one night.
The smile that lit up his face was like Christmas and Castiel soon found himself looking forward to each time he could make Dean smile like that again.
Balthazar was finishing up showing the Petersons out and could see from his vantage point that Castiel was about to get into a dispute with the customer. He tried to make it over to the table in time before Castiel could say anything to upset them. Unfortunately he wasn’t able to get there fast enough to intervene.
He was finishing up with Bob, his lobster guy, and setting up a time for him to deliver the lobsters when he heard the familiar southern drawl of Benny come from behind.
"No! No 911, no cops!" Sergei said and moved to grab the case of truffles.
“And Claire?” He asked. “Has anyone told her yet?” He could feel his voice wavering as he spoke.
"Cas, did you just compliment me?"
Claire nodded and took the phone from him, cradling it between her small hands.
Movement to their right had them all looking over to see Claire was trying her best to sneak up onto an empty work table in the back out of the way. Technically speaking she was still within the parameters of where she could go based off of what Castiel said.
The two bid farewell and Dean managed to get back to bed without more fuss from Miracle. Even though his body was still sore, he managed to fall asleep with a certain blue eyed doctor gracing his dreams.
Some of the nights Claire was Dean's taste tester while other nights they were dance partners having dance offs to all of Dean's classic rock. Castiel still could do without the noise, but found himself rather fond of their moments together. Maybe the music wasn't so bad after all, he thought.
"Yeah her dad wasn't too pleased when he found us in the supply cupboard. But he did teach me a lot of what I know, and then I managed to find other restaurants to work in and chefs to learn under. It was amazing, but I missed being close to Sammy so I moved back. And I've been studying under as many master chefs as possible since then."
Castiel went to move past him when Mick gave him a puzzled look. “Didn’t you forget something?”
So yes, small in that he was starting to see Dean as a possibly more tolerable person than before.
He thought back to the years of growing up with Jimmy. To when Jimmy had become a father and took custody of Claire when her mom left them. He thought about the family dinners over the holidays and how Jimmy’s laughter would fill the room.
The husband’s face flushed red in anger. He dramatically picked up his napkin and threw it down on the table. “That’s it, we’re taking our service elsewhere. Come on, babe, let's go.”
"What are you, some kind of doctor?" Dean asked but didn't pull his hand away. He'd be lying if he said the warmth wasn't nice. Plus if anyone said anything he could blame it on the fact that he had been pulled off his feet and fell down half a flight of stairs.
The two got busy mixing the proper ingredients and started kneading the dough. Once everything was sufficiently kneaded and set in the refrigerator to finish rising, Dean got out the cutting boards.
"Noon?"
Castiel smiled when he saw a photo of him and Jimmy together from a couple of years back. They had come out to visit him in the city and Claire had been adamant about taking their picture with the Statue of Liberty behind them. It was lopsided and out of focus, but the smile he saw on Jimmy's face was clear as day.
Claire deflated upon hearing the news she would have to move in with her Uncle, but otherwise didn't put up a fight.
Castiel sucked in a breath. He'd never considered the personal losses that Dean endured growing up. He felt a new sense of appreciation for the man for sharing himself so candidly with his niece. He almost wished Dean would have told him first about his mom. Almost.
Dean was the last one to leave with him.
Dean froze and raised an eyebrow at that and then realized he'd been talking to Miracle. Thankfully in time before he said anything else embarrassing in response.
She yawned and stretched her arms over her head. "We should have set an alarm." She said after getting her bearings.
His dog, Miracle, also hadn't been something he'd expected. Dean wasn't the kind of guy to find a stray dog abandoned at an old gas station in dire need of medical care and just leave it there. Hence the name Miracle for him being so lucky to still be alive.
“In a sense.”
"I mean I don't mind." Dean found himself saying under his breath.
Castiel smiled at her and shook Miracle's paw. "It's nice to meet you, Miracle."
Everything seemed to happen in fast-forward after that. Suddenly the ambulance was there and they were loading Anna into the back with Castiel at her side. They had called Anna's wife, but her office was on the other side of town and Castiel couldn't very well leave Anna alone at the hospital in labor.
Claire had set it upon herself to get the living room set up for them to eat in. She was in the middle of building a blanket fort when Dean called out from the kitchen. "I'm almost done. It's just missing something…"
Castiel huffed a breath of hot air but knew that Balthazar wouldn’t let him live it down if he refused. “You’ve got 2 minutes.” He said and pulled his apron off.
"We should talk about what happens next." Castiel turned the topic back to the matter at hand.
Castiel gave a small smile that he didn't feel he had to force in front of the man for once. "Yeah, it was a long night for her."
"It should be under Jacobson." The woman answered.
"No nothing like that, I was thinking we could get you set up in the office and you can maybe get some homework done?" Castiel explained.
Castiel nodded and tucked the letter back into the envelope.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Castiel asked as he continued to follow Balthazar around.
Dean lifted an eyebrow but answered nonetheless. "Three."
He was happy for Anna, though a bit of anxiety simmered at the thought of having to deal with Dean on his own.
Who was he kidding? It had everything to do with the fact that Dean would be going over.
He stood up and felt his knees crack from being squatted down for so long. He gathered up all the discarded boxes and took them to the front where he would recycle them later.
They played charades, Claire used an arm to mimic the trunk of an elephant and even made loud trumpeting noises by pressing her lips together and blowing. On Dean's turn he showed his skills at making shadow animals and made birds, moose, bunnies, and dogs. He blushed sheepishly when Castiel looked at him amazed.
"Yeah...Claire...he is." He stumbled over his words and hesitated on calling her any other nickname he was used to hearing Jimmy call her, figuring it would be more harmful than helpful in the current circumstance.
"Claire please it was an accident. Will you get up and come with me? We can talk more at home." He looked back over his shoulder to the cab driver who looked somewhat impatient.
As if Castiel had already been staring himself.
"Woah there, Cas, I generally go for drinks first before I let someone start taking my clothes off."
The whole time Claire was quiet. She cried as they lowered the casket and started putting dirt over her dad's coffin. Her tiny hands grasped Castiel’s tightly as the day went on.
His brother laughed on the other end of the line, “Let me guess you’ve been up since 4am?”
The first night went by uneventful. The biggest thing they both did was get ready for the funeral that would follow the next day.
Castiel sighed and stood up. He walked over to his station where Anna was waiting for him with her usual welcoming hug. If he could go without hugging people he would, but he figured a pregnant sous chef had the rights to hugs and allowed it.
Balthazar chose that moment to walk in, and Castiel immediately grabbed him by his arm and dragged him back out to the dining room.
A gust of wind pushed them forward as they entered The Bite.
Claire nodded and then looked away. Castiel figured that was signal enough for him to leave so he started closing the door behind him.
By the time they were done the both of them were ready for a mid morning nap.
Cas laughed. "Not at all, I work at a children's hospital."
Benny was the first to answer, “You don’t bring the goods, Bob. Maybe next time you catch a whole lot of golden tilefish and then you’ll get your kiss.”
," Balthazar ignored him and continued. "He said he wanted to work under
"Oh it's a cakewalk, it'll be done soon. I was just running in here to go to the bathroom before everything started. His eyes were lit with mischief and Castiel wasn't sure how he felt about that.
“He wanted too much from me and I couldn’t give up my independence for him.”
That was sufficient enough for the small chef and she nodded in approval.
"You know you're just as amazing too right?"
“There was one relationship a few years ago, but it didn’t work out.”
Balthazar had the decency to look ashamed before replying. "Look, Cassie, you'll always be my Head Chef, but Anna is about to burst any day now and you still haven't found anyone to replace her."
The next day Castiel woke up late into the day. Much later than he had anticipated.
Castiel knew the question she wasn't asking. The elephant in the room. Why did he bring her there?
“Hi there, are you Mr. Novak?” The doctor asked.
"Let's try that again." Cas gently pressed against his neck and Dean felt a dull pain where he pressed.
“I mean, it’s not bad, but he wanted me to give up my place for him.”
"Well tonight you are. This is my very own recipe, and I would be pissed if you didn't after I spent all morning making it." He plopped himself down right next to Castiel and held out a spoonful for him to eat. He wasn't sure if Dean understood the implications one usually got when being spoon fed dessert in an intimate setting like the one they were in. But he was too enthralled in the ongoings to bring it up.
The regulars, a Mr. Zachariah and Mrs. Naomi Peterson, were at the entrance getting their coats on as he approached them with Balthazar. “Ah! There he is! The man of the hour!” Zachariah called out.
As if on cue, his phone started ringing.
Dean chuckled upon seeing and reached out to help correct her hands. "I couldnt do half the ones I can do now when I was your age too. Here put your hands like this," he helped her position her thumbs together, "now spread your fingers out and hold your thumbs together." He leaned back and when they all looked up Claire's shadow was of a bird with its wings spread.
They wound their way around the dining room and eventually made it back to the kitchen doors.
"Alright fine we'll do it at yours. What time?"
“Why is that?”
Meg rolled her eyes and strolled up to the phone while Castiel continued to help plate the final dish from the two that had fallen. Castiel was leaning low and wiping the excess drops of butter off the side of the plate.
"Ha, ah that. Well. It's a complicated story." Dean shrugged and leaned into the couch more. He grabbed his glass of wine left out from earlier and took a sip. "Growing up I always took care of my brother Sammy, was always doing the cooking you know. So when he was like 16 he says he wants to go to Stanford for law school 'cause he's like super smart and had his whole life planned out since he was like 7, I'm pretty sure."
Dean shrugged, "Oh I thought they did. Thought I read that somewhere." He smirked and turned back around to grab some seasonings.
Castiel felt the wind being knocked out of him. He wanted to scream and cry, but years of compartmentalizing had him nodding and swallowing down his cries.
"Yeah, yeah I haven't forgotten about you.
His eyesight took a second to adjust and when he finally recognized the wild jungle of blankets, animals, and the fireplace going, Castiel finally recognized his living room as being transformed into a little indoor oasis of sorts. His heart felt full for the first time in a long time as he took in the amount of work that went into everything.
"Don't let me intrude." Castiel said and made to move back into his room.
The two sat in comfortable silence again as they finished their beers.
"Uh, yeah. It's fine man I can take him." He managed through gritted teeth.
"Which is exactly what I'm about to teach you too." He said and then took his dough, several steps back, and then gave it a toss into the air. With the flick of his wrist the whole thing was spinning and gaining air quickly. With expert fingers he caught it on the downspin. "Ha! Just like that! You ready?"
When they were ready they both ran out the door.
And so when Dean suddenly started to lean forward, Cas found himself doing the same as well. Dean lifted an eyebrow and kept leaning closer, his arm sneaking onto the couch to reach behind Cas.
"I, uh, should probably go." He said but made no move to actually leave.
"You're late!" Claire called through the speaker as she buzzed him in.
Castiel wasn't sure how to answer, "Uh...sure, I guess. Yeah it can be like a wish."
Cas shot up when he realized his mistake. His cheeks burned with embarrassment. "Oh right. Sorry."
"That looks like it hurts. Let me help you up." The man once again said, this time with more conviction in his voice. Dean took his hand the second time around and let himself be pulled up.
“That’s a reminder for all of you,” Castiel started and let his gaze land on Jo and the other server who walked into the kitchen. “Don’t forget the garnishes.”
Castiel laughed and for the first time in a long time was looking forward to his night after work.
"It's lost on those poor bastards."
They sat in silence.
"Hi, thank you for waiting. What's the name under the reservation?" Balthazar turned his attention to the couple waiting at the hostess station. Castiel glared and tapped his foot impatiently.
Within another hour Claire was slumped over to the side cradling Miracle while she used a pile of stuffed animals as pillows.
The wife, a mousey character, quietly stood up and kept her head ducked low. Clearly used to her husband's antics and wanting to get as far away as possible. She shuffled out from her chair and followed her husband as he left.
"You've got me at a disadvantage. Can you tell me your name?" Castiel asked him.
"No, I'm ok." She said and went back to colouring in one of the colouring books she'd brought with in anticipation for the evening at the restaurant.
Dean had said at one point that he "wasn't about to let the kid grow up not learning about what real music sounded like." Castiel had just shook his head but otherwise looked amused.
"Nah that's just the beginning." He said and grinned.
Miracle barked.
"I never said that." Cas joked and bumped their shoulders together.
"I want three words from each of you to describe this wine when I get back." He said and quickly followed after Castiel into the kitchen.
It took a minute for Cas to catch on to what he was referring to and for a brief second thought that Dean had left a child outside in his car. And then after that thought he realized he was referring to his car.
Castiel grabbed it gingerly and inhaled deeply, he was about to hand it over to Anna when she grabbed his forearm looking alarmed. Castiel assumed it was about the truffles until he saw her face.
“I thought we agreed you would stop bringing food to these sessions.” His therapist said from where she was seated at her desk. She was a petite woman with bright red hair and an even brighter personality. All of which was exactly how she presented herself with her smokey eyed makeup looks that complimented the colours of her many high end dresses tailored to fit her precisely.
Yet somehow the cards he'd been dealt landed him a job in the city and dreams of a simple life in a farmhouse on hold.
"January 24, 1979."
His lips moved over the spoon and he moaned through his bite as his eyes fluttered shut.
Rowena waited patiently.
Castiel moved over towards the table and was starting to take out some of the ingredients. When a hand slapped his away.
Castiel found himself rather fond of the shared moment and smiled back as he toasted with his own glass that Balthazar had poured him.
"I do want to make sure that you're ok though." Cas said from directly behind him causing Dean to jump.
"Yeah and he wears hot dog print chef pants and likes to serenade the staff while holding raw quail." Castiel said dead panned.
The taxi ride home was a blur. One minute he was outside of the hospital, and the next they were in front of his building. Castiel paid the fare and then stumbled his way up the steps to the front of his building.
His neighbour was back instantly with a glass of water and a small first aid kit. The guy still had his ID badge on from the hospital he worked at and he could just barely make out his first name as he bent down to get a closer look at Dean.
"Hmm alright, but try not to burn the kitchen down." That comment was directed at Dean playfully.
Dean took that as an opportunity to stand and get Miracle's leash. Miracle jumped up excitedly and began twirling in circles as Dean attempted to get him hooked on the harness again.
Castiel stopped and tried not to yawn in response. "I'm going to the market….wanna come?" He wasn't sure if it was kosher to keep bringing her with to both work and the market, but if she was showing interest in his life then he wasn't going to pass up a chance to share more with her.
“You tell me. These the tilefish you’ve been fawning over for weeks?” Benny asked with such smugness as he leaned back against the stack of crates.
“Ah! Castiel! So good to see you!” Mick said as he bounded up the steps. “Are you just coming or going?”
"I don't normally eat dessert." Castiel tried to protest.
Cas smiled and joined him on the couch. It made Dean very aware of the fact it was such a small couch, though he wasn't complaining.
He held the pristine copy of
Cas raised an eyebrow.
As if on cue with that thought, the pan with the quail he'd been holding earlier suddenly caught fire. The flames got close to Dean's sleeve, yet he hadn't noticed and continued to grin at the head chef.
Dean walked over and whistled low when he saw the progress she'd made. "I dunno looks pretty swanky to me."
"I'd expect so." Castiel said and then removed his hands from Dean's head. He held up a finger, "Follow my finger and answer a few more questions alright?" He started moving his hand back and forth and Dean's eyes stayed glued as he watched it move from side to side. "Can you tell me your date of birth?"
!" He yelled as his entire body hit the stairs and he slid down several more. He groaned more from the embarrassment of having a witness than from the fall itself. Though the sudden blooming of pain was the next thing he noticed when he tried to move.
It seemed that having Claire around not only was good for the morale of the kitchen, but she also helped bring Castiel out of his shell more.
Before he got caught staring he deposited the plates into the kitchen sink to take care of later and went back into the living room to move some of the furniture back.
"Cas..tiel?" He found himself asking.
"Are you in pain still?" Cas asked worried, assuming the groan had been due to the pain.
"The trick is to use fresh herbs and spices while the sauce is still simmering so it gets all of the flavours. I know some places use dried seasonings, but there's something about chopped fresh rosemary that just makes it taste  fuuuu--friggin amazing."
“I don’t recall if we ever came to an official agreement.” Castiel answered from where he stood. His back was turned away from her and he was already counting down the minutes before he could leave.
"Yes we need ambulance, we are at The Bite of Heaven that one very nice restaurant downtown. Yes that one." Sergei spoke into the phone.
"Bonne appetit." He said as he set the plate in front of her.
The ride back was tense. The walk up the stairs even more so.
It was late enough into the early evening that the shadows from the school cast well onto the sidewalk and nearly the road. The taxi screeched to a stop at Castiel's command. At first he didn't notice Claire and worry hit deep in his gut until he saw the tell tale sign of the multicoloured scarf. He told the cab driver to wait and rushed out.
"Oh, well then. If you must." Maintaining eye contact the entire time as Dean stepped forward.
He made his exit out of the back of the kitchen leading to the alleyway. He avoided the pitying gazes of his co-workers as he left.
Castiel ran over and inspected a few of the fish up close. They were gorgeous and everything Castiel could have wanted. “Benny you’re the best!” Castiel gave his praise as his eyes nearly bulged from taking in the beautiful fish in front of him.
He took his own lemon and squeezed it over top of his own fish.
He rushed back out snagging his keys and his jacket along the way.
Castiel ignored her and turned back to his line cooks, “Hold everything, I need 2 lobsters on the fly.”
Castiel noticed that Claire also seemed to be intrigued with what he was doing. She kept glancing sideways at him when he eventually moved around to join in leaning against the table. He started moving the basil between his fingers and then he plucked one of the leaves. He held it up to smell and made an exaggerated noise of approval before holding out a bunch for Claire to smell.
He started reading the first short story while listening to the conversations on and off from the kitchen down the hall.
Sergei opened his mouth in a silent "oh" and got his cellphone out. Castiel was surprised flip phones were still available but didn't question further once Sergei had dialed for help.
His eyes only strayed when Dean leaned in close enough and then swallowed thickly, causing Castiel's eyes to narrow in on the movement.
Dean laughed and patted Claire on the back. Technically she got the point for not knocking the other sticks off.
Dean never thought he would find himself living in an old apartment building across from a church, let alone one that was downtown in the city, and with a dog no less. Well the dog he could see, it was more so the city life he hadn't been expecting. Growing up in rural Kansas left him imagining the rest of his life in an old farmhouse on a nice plot of land.
Dean always made sure to keep her involved in everything going on. He even taught her about potatoes and told her that as kids he and his brother Sammy used to grow them in discarded tires at their Uncle Bobby's place. She would then help him wash and peel them. Castiel found himself once more grateful for the blonde chef at his openness with his niece.
"This one is Miracle." She said as she held up a ratty old stuffed animal of what was once a dog but over time turned into more of a sad lump of a toy with floppy ears.
“So tell me, Castiel, have you ever been in a relationship before?”
Cas looked at him as though the sun was shining from him. "That's very admirable of you."
"Uh, right. Yeah." He coughed to cover up his embarrassment.
"Yes, actually." His neighbour said flatly. He released Dean's hand to grab his keys. "I'd be doing a disservice by just letting you go back without making sure you're ok."
"I have to agree."
He didn't want to wake up Claire so instead he got ready for bed and climbed in on the opposite side of the bed.
That was probably it, he decided.
He glanced over when Dean sauntered back up to Claire and started to mix the noodles together with the sauce he'd heated up.
"He's a good dog. Other than making you fall down the stairs of course."
He realized that he was going to be late to the daily meeting they all had to go over the day's specials and wine selections. He briefly decided he didn't want to join and made his way inside and towards the kitchen.
Cas smirked. "I'm usually told I'm the opposite, but thank you." He stood and took their empty beer bottles to the kitchen to dispose of them.
Castiel felt a headache starting at the base of his neck.
"Oh, ok, well good because I don't think I can stop at this point honestly."
He didn't bother locking his apartment knowing it would be a quick in and out deal. Miracle was ecstatic and immediately started pulling him down the hall towards the stairs. "Someone's impatient." He mumbled and opened the door to the stairwell. He barely made it halfway when Miracle wound his way around him with the leash.
It was Castiel's turn to look mischievous. "You're saying you want company while you go? I didn't know you had anxiety about going to the bathroom alone, Dean." He said.
Castiel suddenly found himself excited and a bit nervous for the following day.
Castiel blamed his therapy session for putting a damper on his evening, and so when things started to go wrong at work he chalked it up to being his therapist's fault. Even if he knew that was logically not the case, it was easier to put the blame on his sessions.
“That’s, Chef, to you.”
Castiel nodded and looked into the room where his niece was currently sleeping while recovering from her own injuries. He felt sick when he thought about being the one to inform her of her dad’s death.
Dean nearly spit his drink out.
“She’s beautiful, Cassie, you won’t recognize her. She's gotten so big since the last time you saw her.” Ok so maybe nicknames also extended to his brother as well. He was family after all.
Meg rolled her eyes and cast him a smirk of her own, “You got it Chef Clarence.”
Dean grunted in response.
"Are you ok?" His neighbour asked in a voice much deeper than he'd been expecting. He opened his eyes to see bright blue ones staring down at him along with a mop of dark hair that seemed to have a mind of its own.
Balthazar seemed just as shocked as everyone else to see the head chef.
"Oh." Dean said lamely and grabbed the pack. Their fingers brushed as he did so and his cheeks flared up once more.
Castiel bristled. “There’s nothing wrong with my foie gras. It’s precisely comme il faut.”
Claire just nodded and waited for him to continue. The bruises on her forehead and around her lips had started to turn into a ugly yellowish green colour. Indication that she was healing, thankfully.
Claire gulped and drew her eyebrows together in determination. She took a deep breath and then grabbed her dough. "Like this?" She asked and gave it a small toss. It didn't get much air in comparison to Dean's, but instead of pointing that out he whistled and encouraged her to continue.
Her office was the most lavish and over the top displays of wealth that Castiel had ever seen. Yet Rowena knew how to carry herself to not come across as though she was flaunting it. Everything was just so...her. From the dark purple satin striped walls, to the gold crown moulding on the ceiling (and gold everything else) lining the room, all modestly decorated with floating shelves of books from varying decades, many first editions kept in pristine condition.
Jo did her best to placate him by apologizing and promising to bring his wife out a fresh foie gras.
"READY!" Claire yelled at the top of her lungs. Castiel was glad she didn't yell like that all the time, and then had the brief flash of her as a teenager getting into screaming matches with him. He tried not to shudder as he finally exited his room to join the duo in the kitchen.
"Well, how were they?" Dean asked eager to find out.
Castiel shook his head getting more serious. "No, I mean...for everything, thank you." He didn't want to admit he'd been eavesdropping, but figured Dean would get the sentiments nonetheless.
"Smell this, this one is probably best one of bunch." He said and held out one of the truffles.
“Oh yeah?” Castiel asked, clearly amused, “What kinds of foods does she eat these days?” It’s not that he didn’t have faith in his cooking abilities, however dealing with a preteen child usually meant dealing with the pickiness of one. He’d rather be prepared than deal with last minute runs to the store to get something she would want.
"Yes I'm sure. Work will help me clear my mind." He finally spoke softly as he turned around.
With Castiel effectively out of the kitchen, Dean was quick to start taking charge.
"How long have you had him?"
He was jostled from his thoughts by a loud clatter at the door. Meg was clearly in one of her own moods, and from the sounds of everything it had something to do with the same pervy customer from the other night.
He sighed and started taking his jacket off and placed his house keys in the tray next to the door.
Something inside him was shifting the more he saw Dean and Claire interact. He continued to ignore it.
Castiel hummed as he dug into another slice of pizza, the flavors washed over his tongue as he chewed.
The doctor nodded and offered to get a thermal and pillow for Castiel, but he declined and thanked them for their time.
"Not me, but my brother Sammy did when he was trying to impress some girl in college. Kid is a disaster on stilts."
The next day as Castiel and Claire were walking back to the apartment from school Claire suddenly sprung her wish upon her uncle.
“Oh yeah? Well maybe next time actually check to see if it’s raw or not.”
In the 5 years since starting the restaurant, he had made quite a name for himself amongst the culinary community. There wasn’t a chef in New York that didn’t know who Castiel Novak was and his cutthroat approach at running a kitchen. Many aspiring chefs scrambled to apply for the line cook positions, all with hope of learning from the blue eyed chef.
"What's this?" Dean asked as he grabbed it. He couldn't help but notice this time around Cas was the one to brush their fingers together.
Castiel was humble enough to blush slightly at the praise.
Castiel smiled at the memory and went back to scrubbing the stove top.
"So where did you learn to cook?" Cas asked, changing the topic.
Castiel fell asleep with the memory of his brother and niece smiling at him from the last time they took a trip over to visit him from Illinois.
Castiel made the quick decision to grab the letter and tucked it into the pocket of his jacket.
"I should probably get her to bed." Castiel whispered from his spot on the ground.
Dean felt pain bloom on his right forearm. "A bit right there." He said.
"Ugh, homework sucks." Claire scrunched her nose as she spoke and kicked a rock. It rattled down the sidewalk making a hollow noise as it hit a couple of bricks.
Falling into the rhythm of going to therapy, taking Claire to school, picking her up and taking her to the restaurant was easy enough. Even the morning market runs.
The trip from his apartment to the restaurant wasn't far. Most days he enjoyed his walks to and from work. Just like the previous night, though, his feet found him suddenly in front of said restaurant and he had no memory of walking there.
Castiel rolled his eyes. "And he's so humble about it." He said dead panned.
"Mmm I must say I was worried at first when you started at The Bite and I found out you were trained for italian dishes."
By the end of the week Castiel had coordinated with a moving company to get all of Claire's things and have them moved up to his place. He made sure that all of Jimmy's things were put in storage for them to go through later too.
"You're on my scarf."
"I don't normally talk about it much but I lost my mom when I was a kid. That shit sucks. Don't tell Cas I said shit. Or for that time too."
Castiel nodded and then followed Balthazar out into the dining room. The dimly lit room added to the ambiance of the place, though Castiel could do without being in the same room with as many people. It was a small restaurant that utilized every nook and cranny for space. Tables were shoved up next to each other, yet Balthazar had an eye for design making it all flow seamlessly together. Though it was a tight squeeze to get to some of the tables, it didn’t retract from the experience at all. In fact a lot of patrons had said it was from seeing the table next to them order their food that they got the idea to order the same dish. If anything Balthazar had done an exceptional job at tricking his patrons into buying more wine and more food and they were none the wiser.
At first they heard him. The low rumble of his car could be heard several blocks away. Castiel had been surprised to see Dean step out of the classic chevy Impala and found himself adding one more thing interesting about the man. Not that he was keeping track.
Dean padded down the hall towards the bathroom and opened the door. Right as Castiel was entering from where it connected to his room.
"You've called me that a lot, I've noticed." He answered instead.
Dean could swear he sounded upset. "No, uh, I don't mind staying. I just, you know, I don't…" He didn't know where his sentence was going.
Of course Dean wouldn't have that.
He led them down the hallway towards the bedrooms.
"It's all good Cas we got it from here." Dean said. And there was that nickname again.
.” He emphasized his last word and narrowed his glare while staring at the man in question.
"That's Chef, to you old man." Claire declared and puffed out her chest. "It was my wish after all, so I'm in charge."
"Now move your fingers and it'll look like it's flying." Dean said.
Castiel exhaled the breath he was holding and headed back home to change. It was the day he was to meet with Anna and their vendor for truffles. And he really didn't want to show up looking as haggard as he felt.
He thanked them and hung up before grabbing his jacket. As he was about to leave he stopped briefly in front of the armoire he used to store his personal documents. He remembered a letter and document that Jimmy had mailed him years ago when Claire was first born.
"You little…" he said but there was no fire to his words.
He vaguely remembered having the thought of wishing not to run into his neighbour on his way up the flight of stairs leading to his apartment.
“Hello?” Castiel asked as he held the phone up to his ear.
So maybe it wasn’t just his therapist that he allowed nicknames for, though in Meg’s case it was more of resignation when it came to attempting to get her to stop. He held out the garnish for her and waited until she spun around enough for him to place them on top of the steaks.
"It's no problem." Dean said and lingered in Cas's personal space. Dean licked his lips as his eyes darted down to catch a glimpse of Cas's mouth.
"I'll see you later." He said as he gathered himself up and headed for the front door.
"I think my water just broke." She answered seriously.
Unfortunately for Dean, Miracle still had a bladder that worked on its own schedule. Which meant more often than not he was up at odd hours of the night taking him outside in his apartment's enclosed patio area to go potty. This night was one such night where he'd been woken up by Miracles insistent whining at the door and pawing at his leash.
Click.
Miracle tilted his head up at Cas and then wagged his tail some more.
As soon as they got back to the building he realized the stairs would be another challenge with a sleeping kid, but he felt bad for keeping her awake so long. So he carefully took each step up to his apartment carrying her as gently as he could, making extra care to be silent in front of Mitch's apartment.
"Is it ok that we did this? I know we rearranged the furniture a lot, but I promise to help put everything back!" Claire spoke from in front of him. He could hear the panic starting to rise in her voice. She was afraid he didn't like all of the work she had done.
Getting back in the kitchen felt like coming home. He knew exactly where everything was and had trained his staff well when it came to tidying up properly at the end of each shift. The first week he’d set one of the line cooks straight when the poor soul had accidentally put the spices back out of order. That had been a fiasco waiting to happen.
"I take it you like it?" Dean asked in an oddly husky voice. When Castiel opened his eyes he noted the pink tinge to his cheeks. He blushed as well when he realized he'd just moaned while being spoon fed by
"So is that the whole complicated story?"
"Yeah and you can't make this without my help so can it pip squeak." Dean joked.
“What, and serve them a happy meal?”
That seemed to appease Claire and she appeared happier. "Can I save my wish?" She asked. Something in her tone gave Castiel a feeling he may regret this agreement but he chose to ignore that feeling.
"Well while you do that, I'm gonna take a leak." Dean said as a Claire made it back in the room with armfuls of stuffed animals.
, Cas thinks, only that’s not the right answer. He is not privy to Dean’s innermost thoughts, nor should he be. Those belong to Dean, and Dean alone. But Cas has wondered…
Dean looked up, eyes red-rimmed, mouth quivering. “I…I felt things for him, Sam.”
With a low moan, Dean put his face in his hands. “I need him, Sammy. At night, I dream about him. And during the day, I can’t stop thinking about him. Every corner I turn, I think he’s gonna be there. And then he’s not, and I…I just…” Dean broke off into something that could be called a sob.
“Do you know when Dean will be back home?” says Jess.
“So good for me,” Cas murmurs, his lips brushing against the sharp curve of Dean’s jaw, and Dean gulps, and then Cas’s tongue is sweeping hot and wet over his neck.
You’re an angel and you’re in love with a man. And he doesn’t love you back, no matter how much you pray to a god you no longer believe in. And when he prays to you—
“What I don’t understand, is what’s your hunger, Dean?”
Exchanging a look with Sam, Cas dips his hand back into the bowl and swipes another streak of blood across the wall.
Sam is so startled that he almost sits down on the path. “Oh, my God,” he says. “Dean and Cas are dating?”
A clattering sound comes from the kitchen, then the sound of laughter.
“Don’t wanna talk,” Dean grumbled, his hand twitching at his side. “Wanna sleep.”
Now, Sam glanced back up, to see if Dean was done yet. He wasn’t. In fact, his entire face was contorted, tears sliding down his cheeks and dripping off his chin. Fuck. Sam slid the box away and rose.
It takes everything Sam has not to roll his eyes. “I had to get my own life, Dean. Unlike you, I didn’t want to live the rest of my life in Dad’s direct orbit. But, hey, I’m glad you moved on. You moved on, right?”
Dean’s eyes widen, and he looks at Cas askance. His tongue darts out to wet his lower lip, leaving it gleaming even in the dim motel light. “I will,” he says, and there’s something in his own voice, something that makes Cas study him a bit longer. Shadows play in the hollows of Dean’s cheeks and the sockets of his eyes, masking his expression, making it unreadable.
“Even now, you deny yourself,” says Cas, and he sounds amazed. “I’m Angel of the Lord, and still Famine overcomes me.”
But a part of him wants, so badly, to press Dean up against the wall. To touch his lips to Dean’s and keep them there. To press his fingers to Dean’s neck and feel the jump of his pulse. To lick where his heart beats. To press Dean to his knees and—
? You think
“Famine,” Cas says darkly, and he cleans both of them with a hot glow of grace. “Let’s go.”
A muffled noise drifts in from the hallway. It seems that Castiel is on the phone, but Sam can’t make out any individual words. He’s probably, Sam realizes, talking to Dean. The thought makes his stomach flip. He hopes that Castiel isn’t warning him not to come home. If he is, he and Sam are going to have to have words.
But in the car on the way back, watching the streetlights limn the lineaments of Dean’s face in a heavenly glow, Cas wants to brush his hand across Dean’s broad cheekbone, press a thumb into his lower lip.
“He doesn’t love you back, you know,” says Lucifer, and Castiel closes his eyes. Lucifer could be lying, he knows that, but it’s probably the truth, and, as Dean would say, it hurts like a bitch to hear. “He’ll never love you back. You’re an abomination. An angel that can feel. You are not what God intended.”
“Stop using his voice,” Cas says, unable to stop himself. “It’s…it’s blasphemy.”
“The thing is, brother, I have access to all sorts of thoughts in here.” Lucifer, bound in chains to a chair in the bowels of the bunker, smiles pleasantly at Cas from across the room, but Cas doesn’t look up to see it. He’s sitting with his head bowed, hands folded in his lap, posture almost penitent. When he does look at Lucifer, it’s with short glances, only, as though he’s afraid to look at his face for too long. The angel wears Dean’s features, and it takes everything Cas has not to scream at him to leave, to let his friend go.
Of course, Dean does no such thing.
“You really supposed to be doing that with all the meds you’re on?” said Sam, leaning against the threshold and eyeing Dean.
God. Sam was gonna cry, too.
There’s a moment before he responds, during which Sam wonders if Castiel has perhaps a less-than-savory profession. “I’m a writer,” he says at last.
Jess sighs, hefting the bag until she’s cradling it like a baby in her right arm. “Sam, I think you have to be willing to accept that your brother isn’t the same person he was before.”
“Fine by me.” Dean gestures with his shoulder for Sam to follow him out of the kitchen. They go down a hallway into a study, the walls lined with books. There’s a mahogany desk and lumbar-supportive swivel chair, as well as a green settee. Dean sits on the chair, leaving the settee open for Sam.
. Of course I still love you.”
—find a way out of this darkness.
But Sam’s too curious. Too willful. He opens the door.
“Me, too,” says Sam. “I mean, not here, obviously. But Jess and I, we have a good thing going. We live in an apartment in LA, about three hours from here.” Just mentioning the apartment gets a smile going on Sam’s face. He’s worked hard for the life he has, and he’s proud of it.
“Yes, biggie,” said Sam. “Very big biggie. Astronomically large biggie. You’re fucking suicidal, Dean!”
“Dean, I’m trying to read—”
You’re an angel, and you’re in love with the righteous man, whom you pulled from the bowels of hell with a firm hand, and with a firm hand you led him into the sunlight, and he threw his head back and looked up at the blue, blue sky.
“Don’t need anything,” Dean said, slamming the fridge door shut. He seemed surprised at how hard he’d closed it. “I don’t need anything.” He stomped out of the room, leaving Sam alone with his box of cereal.
“You two are welcome to stay for dinner,” he tells them. “We’re making lasagna.”
And the world stops. Sam stops, too, his hands frozen on Dean’s chains.
“Come and kiss me,” Lucifer pleads in that mocking voice, and Castiel turns away and looks determinedly at the wall. If he had all his grace, perhaps he would be unruffled, aloof. But his grace has been fading for a long time now, and he’s too human to remain unbothered.
He wants to eat Dean whole.
So Cas does what he’s always wanted to do.
“Really?” says Jess. At Sam’s arched eyebrow, she says, “All right, maybe he seemed a little peeved. But I’m sure it’ll wear off in no time.”
“To Dean,” Sam says, laying it out there.
vii. And then he’s back from Purgatory, and he’s seeing a face he thought he’d never see again, and sure it’s a face that’s aged, a face that’s known more hardship than its fair share, but Cas loves it so much. He wants to cup Dean’s cheeks in his hands and say,
Jesus. Sam can’t take the stress.
“It’s going to be this fall,” says Cas, glancing at Dean. “We want to get married in an apple orchard.”
Bleary eyed, Dean looked up. “What?”
And in the beginning, the Name created Castiel.
“Please enlighten me,” Dean mumbled.
“I’m a friend,” Sam says. “From, uh, school.”
But if he could—Dean’s lips, wet with spit; his long lashes; his green, green eyes—
“So, um. What do you do now?”
“Yes,” said Cas. “It does sound good.” And when they ate, he watched Dean’s jaw jump as he chewed, observed the fog Dean’s mouth left on his water glass and the fork’s silver tines sweeping from his lips.
Inside, he and Jess stand in the front hall for a moment, listening to the sound of sautéing onions. Voices drift towards them from the kitchen.
Sighing, Sam came to stand behind his brother. He raised his hand, to lay it on Dean’s shoulder, to comfort him, he didn’t know what, but Dean stepped away.
Dean.
But now. Fuck. Losing Cas changed Dean in ways that Sam didn’t want to contemplate.
He yanks Cas up by his tie and presses a burning kiss to his lips before shoving him back down and scrabbling at Cas’s belt. His fingers shake, and he fumbles with the buckle, and then he’s throwing the belt to the floor of the Impala and unzipping Cas’s pants and reaching into his underwear.
And once, deep within the bowels of hell, Castiel had laid a hand on the soul of Dean Winchester, and it had shocked him to his core.
“It’s not your fault,” Sam said when he could speak. “You need to listen to me, Dean. You did nothing wrong.”
“Sometimes, you have to be vulnerable,” Cas tells him. “It’s the only way to be human.”
, you whisper, and he awkwardly scratches the back of his neck and says,
“Cas rakes in the dough, I sit and look pretty,” says Dean. At Sam’s expression, he says, “Nah, not really. Up until last year I was between jobs, so Cas called me his trophy wife. But now I work at a garage. I’m a mechanic. The dude running it, he told me that I’m on track to take over for him. Says I’m the best employee he’s ever had.”
“Here, let me help you.” Sam takes the bag of wine from Jess and starts back for the house.
“Maybe Cas is hopelessly in love with Dean,” Sam suggests. “You’re probably picking up on something one-sided. I mean, if you looked up
“We all are, Dean,” said Sam. Immediately, he regretted saying that. The last thing he wanted was for Dean to minimize his emotions, to think that everyone had the same connection to Cas that he did. Because Dean’s connection with Cas, that was something special. That was something that couldn’t be replicated.
They’re going to have to talk about this again. There’s so much that Dean needs to work through. But for now, Cas wraps around Dean and holds him close, as though he’ll never let him go.
He begins to pray.
The words hurt Cas so badly, and he wants to cry himself, but he knows that now is not the time. All he can do is be here for Dean, and he’s not here for Dean if he’s letting his own weakness show through. Right now he has to be strong, because he can’t make Dean comfort him. He has to be the one to do the comforting.
Cas stands up and comes closer to Dean, though not close enough to touch him. He’s a little afraid, to be honest. Afraid that he’ll say the wrong thing and shut Dean back up. So he doesn’t say anything at all, just stands there, letting Dean know he’s available. Letting him know that he’s here.
,” Sam says, a string of hurt in his voice. “Of I’m accepting of that. I mean, fuck, for all his problems, it’s not Dean’s fault that we grew apart. That’s all on me.”
Sam closed his eyes, tried not to let his emotions get the best of him. “I know you did, Dean. I know.”
of this relationship. He never would have expected Dean to have such a close friend.
He takes the spell from the table and leafs through it. “Where will he go when we exorcise him from Dean’s body?”
It’s such a simple question, but it carries so much.
And Cas would step back, and he would never try again.
Once upon a time, Castiel fell from Heaven’s grace. He fell slowly, and in a multitude of ways, and then he was falling all at once, falling into humanity, falling for a man.
“Oh,” says Cas, and he’s suddenly filled with a blistering rage. “What kind of man would accept sexual favors from a child?”
“That’s bullshit, and you know it!” says Sam. “I didn’t abandon you and dad—”
When they go back down to the cell, Lucifer is singing to himself. The sound buzzes around the room like a gnat Cas longs to swat.
“We, uh…” Dean starts talking, stops. Licks his lips. Glances at Cas, who nods encouragingly. “We’ve also been talking about engagement rings. Think we’re gonna pick them out together.”
“Sounds like they’re having a good time,” says Sam. Dean raises one shoulder in a shrug.
Just the low growl of Cas’s voice has Dean chubbing up, and he clenches his fists in his lap. “Yeah?” he says when he can breathe properly. “And what’s that?” In a nervous tic, he sweeps his tongue over his lower lip. Heat flushes his cheeks, and he feels a little like he might die.
“I don’t think you understand how my family works,” says Sam. Jess opens her mouth to respond, but before she can, Dean and Castiel come back into the kitchen. Dean has a pained expression on his face, like he’s five seconds away from jumping off a bridge or something. It’s Castiel who speaks.
So beautiful. So perfect. So—
Alone. Alone. Alone.
It could be the Empty playing its tricks.
you see
, for Christ’s sake. I live in LA!”
At this, Castiel’s vision goes white with rage. He rises, his fists clenched, his heart knocking at his chest. “You dare presume,” he begins, but he can’t find the words. “You dare presume that I would use Dean’s body like that?” He’s spitting the words, nearly shouting them. With a flick of his wrist, he releases his angel blade from his sleeve and holds it tightly in his fist. But Lucifer only laughs.
“I’m so hard for you,” says Lucifer, and Cas wants to scream. He wants to throw something. He wants to yell at Sam to hurry up, even though he knows Sam is going as fast as possible.
, and you say,
“All right,” Sam says. “If that’s okay with you, Dean.”
Laughing a little, Dean said, “No biggie, Sammy.”
Jess smiles, amused. “You’ve been out for hours.”
Cas wakes up to a wet pillow and Dean nowhere to be found. He pushes back the blankets and gets out of bed, yawns and looks around. “Dean?” There’s no answer. The room is empty.
A few billion years later, Castiel bit down on the meat of his forearm to hold back his moan as he came over his bare belly and chest. He was not thinking of the Words, or the Letters, or the Name. Or, in a way, he was—because the blueprint of all of creation can be found in one creature, and for Castiel, that creature was Dean Winchester. At night, as the Bunker’s wards hummed in the dark, Cas would unclothe himself with sharp, desperate motions, leaving his trench coat, his button-down, his slacks in a puddle, and with a strong hand he would grip his cock, and he would masturbate furiously.
His mouth dry, Cas swallows.
Cas wants to stride across the room and grip Dean tightly. He wants to kiss the hesitancy right out of him.
“Cas,” Lucifer moans in Dean’s voice, and this is too much, not in front of Sam, not right now. Cas closes his eyes for a moment, feels his cheeks turn hot. “Cas, come fuck me. Please, Cas.” Another moan, low and lurid, and Cas’s hands begin to shake.
“To what?” Cas says, despite himself.
“Tell me,” Cas orders.
Dean grins. “I’m a trophy wife.”
And perhaps he hopes that Dean will kneel by his side. That Dean will send him off with a kiss.
This makes Lucifer laugh. “Oh, I am
“Talk about what?” Dean said. When Sam started to answer, he held up a hand and glared. “You’re not supposed to answer that.”
Jess holds out a hand, grabbing Sam’s shoulder and trying to spin him back around. “Hey, hey. We shouldn’t go prying into their personal lives.”
But he’s here now, and he should do the best he can, right? So he says, “How’d you meet Cas, then?”
“Miss him a whole hell of a lot,” said Dean, and that was when Sam realized his brother was pretty drunk, not to mention hopped up on three different types of pain meds. He probably shouldn’t take advantage of his brother’s state, should leave him alone to his thoughts, but Sam desperately needed to hear what was on his brother’s mind. So he came and sat across from him at the table and said,
Dean swallows hard. There’s a buzzing in Sam’s ears, and when he speaks, he almost can’t hear his voice. “Dean.”
“You really think that little of me, huh? That I can’t make any goddamn friends?”
“By the way,” says Jess, “this should go without saying, but you guys are invited to our wedding.”
v. Dean looks so miserable in the hospital corridor when Cas returns to him. There’s a tiredness in his eyes that no man under eighty should possess. Cas wants to put his arms around him, to hold him closed—his beloved, his beloved—and never let him go.
Surprised, Sam took a moment to respond. “I know, Dean. Of course I know.”
“You know, him living with a roommate and everything.”
The man smiles slightly. “You could say that. My name’s Castiel.” It’s a strange name, but Sam doesn’t remark on it. The last thing he wants is to piss off the guy standing between him and his brother.
Immediately, Sam stops walking. “That’s not at all a suspicious way to start a conversation.”
“What does it look like?”
in love, in love with a pain that burns him. At any moment, it could destroy him, and there’s nothing he can do about it. No way to remove the mantle of his adoration.
Cas’s cock hits the back of Dean’s throat, and he gags, but he’s so hungry for it that he doesn’t care. He pulls back and licks the bundle of nerves beneath the tip, and Cas’s hips buck urgently, and Cas shoves Dean back down, and Dean’s jaw aches around Cas’s thick swell, but it’s a good ache, the kind of ache he hopes he feels in the morning.
Cas’s heart shivers, and he looks at Lucifer with narrowed eyes. “You could never presume to know Dean’s mind.”
“Nothing you have to say is stupid,” says Cas, although he’s once heard Dean claim that eating ten slices of pizza won’t make him sick. So maybe that was stupid. But whatever Dean has to say now, whatever’s causing him this much pain, that can’t be stupid at all.
Dean and Cas’s eyes meet, and they have a wordless conversation. Then Dean nods and gestures for Sam and Jess to follow him.
Lucifer continues to make his noises, only now he throws back his head, revealing the line of his neck, his bobbing Adam’s apple. This is too much for Cas, who stands.
“Dean. Talk to me.”
But maybe there wasn’t. Maybe what Dean really needed was Cas.
Castiel, who can no longer will away an erection, sits with his hands in his lap for the rest of the night.
It’s a large-ish room. One king-sized bed pushed up against the wall. Two nightstands. One of them, Sam recognizes as Dean’s. It’s got the same pulp fiction he’s always read stacked on it. A handful of chocolates. A lighter. Cas’s side is neater. There’s a pile of books, a box of tissues. A reading lamp.
Dean rubs his eyes, takes a few shuddering breaths. He looks sickly, his skin pale and the bags beneath his eyes bright purple.
And you’re an angel, and you tried to talk to the righteous man, and your voice blew out the glass and that was the beginning of him being unable to hear you. Because you’re an angel, and you look at this man, the man that you love, and you try to say those words, those three words, but they get trapped behind your teeth, and he smiles at you, and you smile back, and you pretend that you aren’t desperately in love.
Somehow, Sam knew. He just knew. But he wanted to hear Dean say it. “What did he say?”
Sam had been there since the beginning of their friendship. He’d seen the way that it had changed Dean. He’d seen the way that Dean looked when he talked about Cas, like the light couldn’t shine brighter than it did on that angel.
After a moment, Cas complies, and the two of them scramble into the Impala’s backseat, and then it’s Dean’s turn to be on top, Dean’s turn to break the angel apart.
Castiel and Dean share a look, clearly having some sort of private conversation. It’s the kind of look that Sam and Jess will share, and Sam is again surprised at the
“But—”
Jimmy Novak?” she demands. “No way.”
Dean looks incredulous. “Are you joking? This is total shit, Cas. God, we have to get you some taste. I’ll show you some actually good movies.”
“I’m not,” says Castiel, and then he breaks off, because he knows he can’t lie. He
.” Dean drops his bags on the floor, and produce rolls everywhere. “Jesus Christ,
The curve of Dean’s cock
He holds Dean’s head steady and looks him in the eye. Electricity fizzles between synapses, his heart falters in his chest. He feels short of breath, too. His ragged wings shudder. A lump rises in his throat.
He stares back.
“Dinner will be ready in an hour,” Cas informs them. “Dean, maybe you could take Sam and Jess on a tour of the house?”
“Dean, it’s not. You told me he made a deal with the Empty to save Jack. It was his choice to summon it.”
“I got it,” said Sam, taking the cassette from Dean and sliding it into the cassette player. A moment later, the strains of classic rock filled the car. The two of them listened quietly, saying nothing.
“You still love me?” Dean says suddenly, and his voice is practically a squeak.
Because when he hurts you, it’s the closest that you’ll ever be to him, it’s the closest that he’ll ever let you be. And when he hurts you, you lean into the pain, let it explode like fireworks behind your eyes, and you breathe out your thanks because you have nothing else to give him, nothing else but your faith, and your love.
Sam wonders at the closeness of Dean and Cas’s relationship, if Cas was the one supporting both of them. Typically, that’s something only couples do, not friends.
“That’s cool,” says Sam, nodding his head. Dean nods back. Fuck, this is awkward.
“Okay,” he said. “Okay. We’re getting Cas back.”
Cas’s entire body freezes, but Lucifer isn’t done. “You’re different,” he muses. “You’re not as strong. You gave up grace for Dean?”
“Stow it, Sam.” Dean passed his hand over his eyes as though he could block out the entire conversation. “I’m tired.”
“Surprise,” Sam says weakly.
The man sighs, a put-upon sound. “What did you say your name was?”
Castiel moves to touch Dean’s arm, a surprisingly intimate gesture, but Dean shakes him off. A look of hurt crosses Castiel’s face.
Dean drained the last of his beer and rose to get another one from the fridge. He held up a second, glanced at Sam, who nodded and held out his hand for it. It was more bitter than their normal kind, but Sam drank it anyway.
“Yeah, I think that’s a good idea.”
“You’re mine,” Cas says, and Dean laughs breathlessly.
“You’re one hell of a boyfriend, you know that?” Dean says, his voice already sleepy.
“So, uh, Cas is cool,” Sam tries.
Sam stretches, his back giving a series of satisfying pops. They’re parked by the curb on a residential street in front of a red-brick house with a white picket fence. The flower beds are in full bloom. He frowns. “Are you sure this is it?”
“Do things?”
“And then in Hell,” says Dean, and his voice is so hard and so bitter, “and then in Hell, before you came and saved me? I got raped there a whole fuck of a lot.” He shakes his head as he talks, like he can’t believe what he’s saying. “I got raped in every fucking hole. I got used like a Kleenex, man. Just used and used and used. I never did that, even when I started torturing. Even when the souls went before me on the rack. I never raped ‘em. Ever.”
in the dictionary, you’d find a picture of my brother.”
This seems to pacify Dean, because he nods. “All right, sure. Moving around made it hard. But I don’t move around anymore. I got a home here, Sammy.”
The house is small, but cozy, and well put-together. The living room, dining room, and, of course, the study are all lined with books. There’s a bright south-facing sunroom, and a sparkling white bathroom. Upstairs, Dean falters. “This is Cas’s room,” he says, jerking his thumb to a closed door. “And this is mine,” he says, pointing towards another closed door.
“It’s nice to see that you have a friend,” says Sam, and Dean laughs in disbelief.
When they get kicked out of the strip club, Cas watches Dean’s open, laughing face. He wonders, briefly, what it would be like to give into this…this ____ between them. He knows that Dean would not welcome it. That he would eschew it with the utmost conviction. And Castiel will respect that.
“Yeah, right. Come on, Cas.”
“To be roommates,” Sam says. After a moment, Dean nods.
When they came back from the succubus hunt, Cas stayed up half the night stroking himself, bringing himself to the edge of release before pulling away his hands and pressing them beneath his thighs so he would not be tempted to touch his hard and angry cock. He thought of Dean as he stared up at the dark ceiling, and he thought of Dean as he touched himself, and he thought of Dean when he came, finally, all over his sheets and blanket.
Castiel fills two glasses at the sink and brings them to the table. Sam takes a small sip, mostly to be polite. His eyes wander around the kitchen, and he takes in a shelf of cookbooks. There are a few other books squashed in there, too, raggedy paperbacks that bear the name Carver Edlund. A bittersweet feeling floods Sam’s chest. He and Dean used to read those books all the time on the road. Dean loved that pulpy genre stuff even more than Sam did.
Dean turns back to Cas. “Can I talk with you for a moment?” Then they disappear into the hallway, leaving Sam and Jess alone.
Somehow, Sam hadn’t expected this. He’d been thinking it would be, well, more run-down. But no, this is the house owned by one Dean Winchester, found after months of sleuthing. And it looks like the American dream.
Dean flushed and shut the door behind him. “I don’t know. I’m just…saying goodbye.”
“I’m so hurt,” Lucifer says, and a tear trickles down his cheek. He’s not trying to trick Cas, just throw him off balance. He revels in chaos, Lucifer.
xii. And then Cas sees Dean for the first time since the Empty, and he stares at Dean, and Dean stares back.
“What are you doing?” says Lucifer, looking down at the blade with wide eyes. “C’mon, Cas, it’s really me. And I want you to…to…”
And then he was asleep.
He’s an Angel of the Lord.
And then Dean starts to talk.
There’s the sound of multiple locks being undone—classic Dean—and then the door swings open. After an adrenaline-fueled moment, Sam realizes that he’s not looking at Dean. No, he’s looking at a dude with dark hair and deep blue eyes. The man regards him solemnly.
“Maybe that’s for the best,” Dean says shortly. But then Cas is reaching over, placing his hand on Dean’s thigh and squeezing. Heat seeps from his palm through Dean’s jeans into his leg. Despite himself, Dean moans.
Dean puts down his fork with a clink. “Your wedding? But…” He gestures to Jess’s bare hand.
“Dean.
“Rowena said that he’ll be weakened, but not killed,” says Sam. “It’ll take him a while to find a new host. And then, we’ll be ready.”
… Cas wants to scream.
They sat like that for a while, drinking, lost in their own thoughts. Then Sam said: “We’ll get him back.”
“I’ll do it,” says Cas, taking the bowl of spell materials from Sam and going to the wall. He begins to paint the sigil that will expel Lucifer from Dean’s body and send him far away.
Oh. Cas is in trouble. Cas is in trouble, indeed.
“Stop it!” he yells at Lucifer, at Dean. “Stop lying! Stop pretending! Just…stop!” His angel blade clatters to the floor as he brings his hands to his ears to block out Lucifer’s words. It hurts too much, each word a knife to the gut, and there’s no shock to dull the pain.
“So then why do I feel like this?” Dean wants to know. “Why do I feel like somebody else is in my body? Why do I feel like I’m this disgusting creature? Why do I feel like such fucking shit?”
“Good boy,” Cas says, his voice low, and Dean flushes. “Now it’s my turn.” He undoes the button of Dean’s jeans and slowly, agonizingly slowly, pulls down the zipper. Dean’s cock practically jumps into Cas’s hand as he eases it out of the underwear, and then Cas is stroking Dean’s cock, the head disappearing and reappearing in the circle between his thumb and index finger.
xiii. Here they are at the end of of everything, down in the bowels of the bunker, desperate and in need of a hail Mary.
Still not sated, Cas trailed his fingertips over the length of his now-sensitive cock, and as he did so, he thought about Dean bent over the Impala’s hood, smelling of grease and sweat and
It’s weird, this whole situation. Maybe he and Jess shouldn’t have come out here. Maybe they should have stayed at home, where it’s safe, where Sam doesn’t have to be confronted with the fact that he hasn’t talked to his brother in five years.
But he keeps his lips tightly closed and pretends like he didn’t hear. Like everything Lucifer says is so much noise.
“Dean barely talked about Cas,” says Sam. “But…maybe that was on purpose?” He begins to feel hurt for a different reason. “I can’t believe he didn’t tell me. I’m his brother! I went to
, thinks Cas.
Sam groans, leaning his elbow on the table and resting his cheek in his hand. “Dean’s pissed.”
is gay?”
Immediately, he jerks away, blushing, heart pounding. “I didn’t—that wasn’t—”
Dean ticks something of on his fingers and says, “Three years this May.”
He stares.
“Get me out of these,” Dean says to Sam, his voice urgent. “Get me out of these
With Famine in the air, it doesn’t take long before Cas is coming in hot streams down Dean’s throat, and Dean swallows it all, starving.
Cas smiles to himself, kisses Dean’s cheek. “I’ll always be here for you. You know that, right?”
And Dean—Dean has no idea. He laughs at dumb movie on the TV and tosses microwave popcorn into his mouth and doesn’t know that next to him Cas thrums with want.
“What I said at the hospital…”
“Well, no,” Sam admitted. “But whatever it was—”
They mix the spell together in one of the many laboratories. It requires angle grace, and Cas offers most of what he has left, so Sam slits his throat and lets the white-blue substance float into the bowl of herbs and offal. It smells like a slaughterhouse, but to Cas, it’s hope.
“Maybe not gay,” says Jess, unlocking the car and pulling the plastic bags of white and red wine out of the front seat. “I don’t know his sexual orientation. But I’m telling you, Sam, the way Cas talks about Dean…there’s something going on there.”
“It’s all right,” Cas says, and his voice is broken, and he feels like he might faint if the remains of his grace weren’t holding him up. “I know you don’t feel the same. I’ll leave. You’ll never have to see me again—”
“Fine by me, sweetheart.” Dean gasps as Cas fits a hand around Dean’s clothed and aching cock. “Let’s just get back in the car first, okay?”
“Don’t need your help, Sammy.” Dean stalked to the fridge and yanked it open, stared blankly at the groceries within. He reached out, let his hand drop. The light within the fridge illuminated the wrinkles Dean had seemed to gain only in the months since losing Cas. The sight made Sam want to break something. He’d never seen his brother so despondent before, and he needed to know that there was something he could do.
Castiel jolted out of his reverie and into a diner in middle America, neon-lit with rain smearing down the dirty windows. It took a moment for him to process what Dean, sitting on the other side of the booth with the laminated menu pressed beneath an elbow, had said.
“I mean, yeah, they live together,” says Sam, but Jess is shaking her head.
“There ain’t no coming back from the Empty,” said Dean, and Sam laughed.
“No,” says Cas, “and I don’t want to know. I want you to be quiet.”
Dean sits down, hard, on the floor, and Cas joins him. “I want to be clean, Cas. That’s all I want. I just want to be clean. My whole life, I keep fucking up. I fuck up and I fuck up and I fuck up. I don’t do the things that I’m supposed to do. There’s so much life to be lived, and I’m not living it. It’s like I’m dead inside. Not all the time, I guess, but sometimes it’s like I’m fucking dead, and I just want to wake up, and I can’t wake up, and there are people inside me, and I can feel them inside me, I can feel them licking me and thrusting into me and opening up every part of me, and it hurts, it fucking hurts, and I—”
Cas smiles modestly and ducks his head. “I did entertain dreams of being a chef, once,” he says, “but I found that I was more suited to writing.”
“I’m just gonna use the bathroom,” Sam calls after Dean as his brother starts down the stairs. A
“Sex shit, Cas,” Dean says angrily. “I’d suck guys’ dicks okay?”
Of course, that wasn’t really the beginning, but it was Castiel’s beginning. He coalesced like a planet spinning into existence, mass and matter and gravity swirling into a being of divine grace. Castiel’s first act was to sing a song of praise to the Name, holy holy holy, Who had created him. He swam through the emptiness that would one day become somethingness, and everywhere he looked, he saw the written Name. For Castiel was created in the beginning, when the words that make up creation were visible; letters millions of cubits tall and wide, and all of them burning with the holy flame.
He starts to wail, sobs so hard that his throat clenches and he can’t get any more sound out. Shellshocked, Cas sits there, touches Dean softly, tries to think of what to say. Because here is the man he loves in pain, and Cas doesn’t know how to help him, how to reach him.
“Yeah, well.” Dean snorts. “If I wanted burgers, maybe I’d get them, too.”
“Huh?”
“Things I never felt before.” Dean held his beer bottle in both hands and stared at it as though it contained the meaning to life. “I loved him. Fuck, Sam, I loved him.”
“Perhaps,” says Castiel, but he doesn’t elaborate. There’s another moment of silence. Then Castiel turns and leaves the room. Jess and Sam share a glance.
“Can you help…” He trails off, his eyes caught on Sam. For a moment, he looks like he’s trying to place him. Then his face goes white, white as a sheet of paper, white as a ghost.
“When we go in there,” says Sam, “we’re not gonna let on that we know a thing, okay? I want Dean to actually trust me. I want him to come out to me.” He crosses his arms, as though Jess is going to disagree. But she nods, instead.
“Dean, how many times have I told you not to reach for something while I’m slicing it?” It’s Cas’s voice, warm and affectionate.
“I didn’t,” says Sam. He bites the inside of his cheek for a moment before forging ahead. “It’s Sam. Sam Winchester.”
“Do?”
But Dean is there with Cas as he dies.
With an indulgent look at Dean, Cas says, “Yes, I’m afraid that I am a writer.”
Cas made a tiny, choked sound, and began to cry. For the first time in a long time, he thought about the Name. The Name had created Cas to love the Name, and who was to say that Cas did not love the Name still? Because Dean, Dean was the closest Cas would ever get to the Name again. And he wanted. He wanted so badly.
Is this on purpose? Or is he really an abomination?
“How long are you going to threaten me with that?” he says lazily. “We both know you’ll never do it.”
“They gave me some real good shit,” Dean slurred, his head slumped back against the pillows. “I feel goooooood.”
“No, I mean
vi. Cas stands in the center of the room, power flooding through him. No,
“I’m gong to miss my little home,” Lucifer says, his mouth turning down like a child about to have a tantrum. “It’s been fun, seeing all the nooks and crannies of Dean Winchester. And there are plenty of dark places I’m still dying to explore.”
Dean’s breath spilling from his lips in continuous exultation
“Then I won’t tell you,” says Lucifer, wearing a shit-eating grin. “But, I have to say, it is very, very tasty information. But why don’t you hear it from the horse’s mouth?” Then, with desperation: “Cas, it’s me. It’s Dean. I have something to tell you. Something I’ve never said before.”
“I think this is going really well!” Jess says. At Sam’s expression, she adds, “I mean, how well did you think it was going to go? I’d say this is as good as can be expected, wouldn’t you?”
Oh, shit. Sam backtracks. “You know that’ s not what I meant.” Except it was kind of what he meant. “Dad kind of made it hard to make friends. Always moving us around. I certainly didn’t make any friends as a kid.”
“Dude,” says Dean, “chill.”
“I don’t think you want me to say,” Castiel admits after a moment, and a confusing mix of relief and disappointment swipes through Dean.
Sam closed his eyes, and he cried.
“Don’t,” he says, and Lucifer laughs. It’s nothing like Dean’s laugh, light and humorous. This is a laugh that makes Cas’s skin crawl.
“The one and only,” Dean agrees.
Again.
“Yes,” says Castiel. “He’s quite the fan.” His voice sounds fond, and Sam feels a momentary happiness that Dean has had someone in his life to be fond of him, at least. All this time he’s been worried about Dean being alone; it’s good to know he has a friend.
“Like pain,” Cas says. “And fear. And sorrow. And good things, too. Happiness, friendship. Love.” He tilts Dean’s face towards him and kisses him, once, chastely, on the lips. Then he stands up, pulling Dean with him. “Let’s get you back to bed.”
Dean frowns. “What do you mean?”
When will Sam be back? Cas shifts uncomfortably and clasps his hands tightly in his lap. He doesn’t know how much longer his resolve can hold strong. Dean doesn’t feel the same way about him that he does about Dean, and that’s perfectly fine. It doesn’t bother him. Not in the least.
“Cas is even getting
“We’re back!” Sam calls out, giving them time to separate before he steps into the kitchen. Dean is looking at the kitchen table, blushing furiously, while Cas calmly continues to chop mushrooms.
There’s a moment as the man surveys him in a new light. Then he sighs and steps back, allowing Sam and Jess to troop inside. It’s just as nice inside as it is outside, with plenty of sunlight, gleaming hardwood flooring, and an elegant staircase. The man leads them down a hallway to a sparkling kitchen filled with new appliances. He gestures towards the glass kitchen table, and Sam and Jess both take a seat.
“Sam,” says Jess, looking at him with big, earnest eyes. “I think Dean and Cas are together.”
“Yeah,” says Dean. They both fall silent, once again out of things to say. When they were kids, used to be they could talk for hours. They’d make up stories about fighting monsters, shoot the shit over card games. Their dad used to call them “regular chatterboxes”. And now it’s like they’re strangers.
, and he says,
But Cas doesn’t want him. Cas just wants his burgers.
“Hey,” he says gruffly.
His eyes wide open, Dean stares up at Cas’s flushed face, his burning blue eyes. His passion is so intense that he looks almost angry.
ix. “What should we do now?” says Dean, and they end up going back to his motel, sitting on the lumpy mattress and watching TV together. It’s not much, but Cas is hyper aware of Dean’s presence at his side. He feels things differently now that he’s human, as though a sheet of plastic has been peeled away. He feels acutely the bite of his arousal. He’s harder than he’s ever been.
“I vote Democrat now,” Sam offers. Took him barely a month at Stanford to come to the realization that his dad’s politics were batshit bananas crazy.
Jess grimaces. “Be nice.” She puts her hand over Sam’s and squeezes, but Sam can tell that she’s nonplussed, too. She doesn’t know what to make of this guy, either.
He shakes his head. “Nothing. I’m just not hungry.”
“We’ll be home soon.”
