Dean kisses Cas hard as he wraps the blindfold around his eyes. He sucks hard on his tongue, biting his lip as he pulls away. His eyes taking in the full sight of Cas as he gets off the bed. Black cuffs holding him to the bed, black blindfold leaving him unaware of where Dean's next touch is coming from. Tight black corset over his pale body, his nipples just barely peaking out the top. Sexy lacy panties stretched tight over his cock, which is so hard the panties aren't able to fully contain it, the flushed head straining against the elastic band at the top. Down to the sexy black fishnets encasing his long creamy legs. "Fuck Cas... You're a goddamn vision" Dean says standing at the foot of the bed, biting his lip. His cock twitching with desire.
"If you know then why do you keep doing it, dude" Dean was willing himself to move, to shift his eyes from Cas'. But Cas was just so intense, he couldn't bring himself to break the hold that Cas seemed to have on him. He breathed him in, holing onto this moment,the last that he'd allow himself.
Dean watched intently, frozen in place as Cas slides his legs from around the other Dean's waist. His hand slowly falling from his shoulder down over his stomach, his long fingers wrapping loosely around his erect cock. His future self turned and moved with Cas as he walked toward him. Dean could feel the blush creeping to his ears as the thoughts of what was about to happen ran through his mind.
Dean felt Cas hitch his hips slightly, and Dean began to move in and out of him slowly, bringing soft moans up and out of Cas' throat. Dean lifted his head and locked eyes with Cas, as he continued pumping his cock in and out of him, slowly at first, then picking up speed. He loved watching as Cas fell apart beneath him. Loved the fact that it was him making his skin flush, that he was pulling those beautiful noises out of the angel. Dean ran his hand in between their bodies, searching out Cas' dick, and was slightly disappointed to find that it was still mostly soft.
Darla giggled again, quickly losing interest in her father and Castiel. She gathered up her toys and went into her room. Once they heard the door close, Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel's waist and pulled him in closer. "Best kiss you've had in quite sometime huh?" he asked teasingly.
When he turned back toward the counter, Dean had moved closer. "I can't believe how at home you look in my kitchen, and wearing my clothes." Dean came up behind him, wrapping his arms around Castiel once more and nuzzling into his neck.
"You looked so peaceful, I didnt want to wake you, and I didnt want you to get cold. I figured I'd stay a while, didn't want to just head out without saying goodbye." Dean sat up on the couch and stretched a little.
When they broke the kiss again panting, they looked at each other with lidded eyes and smiled. "Merry Christmas Cas." Dean said softly, nuzzling into his neck. "thank you Dean, this is the best Christmas ever" Castiel replied running his fingers into his hair, he had never been happier about saying yes to going to church in his life.
"Dean, I fully appreciate your feelings, but you are young, you have many years left to decide what love really means to you." Castiel stopped as Dean pulled back looking up at him. "Now, I'm not dismissing your feelings, I know you feel strongly. But you have to understand, that you are only 14. You are a ways off from being an adult. I am going to miss you because you are a fun person, and we have great talks. I am sorry if that upsets you more. You can always write to me, we will keep in contact Dean, you may be moving, but that doesn't mean we can't be friends."
I'm sorry if you don't understand why I left it where I did, but I just couldnt bring myself to make that descision, as all of them make sense to me, and could be wonderful!
"Yea?" Dean says looking up into Cas' eyes.
Dean pulls back, keeping just out of reach, barely a whisper between their lips. He flicks his tongue out catching Cas' lips before grabbing the blindfold. "do you trust me?" he asks.
Dean lifted his eyes and met Cas' gaze. "You are perfect Dean, I am nothing without you. I am NEVER letting you go." Cas pull him into an open mouthed kiss, licking his way passed his lips finding his tongue and caressing it. Everything was in that kiss, passion, desire, want, need... most of all love. Dean felt it well up inside him, he had never felt this with anyone before. Sure there had been a couple times he thought he had it, but nothing ever could compare to this.
He walked over to his dresser and pulled out clothes, lost in his own thoughts on which music he was going to show Cas first. He could feel the excitement washing over him. There was so much good music out there, so many great bands, so many amazing songs. He was so caught up in trying to figure out where to start in his music library, that he had forgotten that Cas was sleeping right across the room and dropped his towel, before pulling on his sweats. Pulling his tshirt over his head he suddenly remembered he wasnt alone and he whipped his head around catching Cas' wide eyed stare.
"Hell yea Cas! You were amazing, all that screaming and moaning..." He turned motioning to the white streaks drying on the floor "The mess on the floor there, all good signs that it was to my satisfaction."
Leaving Jenny's house he went on his way to his last stop before heading home. It was already dark out and he took a moment to look at the beautiful lights that decorated the houses down the street. He had grown up in this town, and he really loved it dearly. His phone chimed with a text message : "Dean - We're home, just come on up" Castiel smiled and started the car.
When he opened the bag, he saw two small boxes in amongst the clothing, recognizing them immediately he turned to question Dean, and found that he was right behind him. "Dean?" The words were barely out of his mouth before Dean was on him, arms around his waist, pulling him into his body. Their mouths devouring each other, tongues meeting feverishly.
Dean laughed, pulling Castiel's face to his, kissing him gently "That was half the fun, I like it when you get all power hungry and dominate, its fucking hot as hell Cas." Dean licked his lips before running his tongue over Castiel's lips, licking his way into his mouth slowly, taking his time, really tasting Cas. When he pulled away Castiel sighed softly.
When he pulled up in front of Dean's apartment, he took a moment to calm his nerves. He and Dean had known each other for years, but it was only recently that Castiel had begun developing feelings that were more romantic in nature. It had started when he stopped by for a quick visit and Dean was getting ready for work. Castiel didn't know exactly what it was, but when Dean had taken off his sweatshirt, and his white t-shirt had risen up a little revealing the smooth tan skin on his stomach, it had brought forward a strong desire to slam him against the wall and kiss him silly. He had quickly excused himself after that, but he hadn't been able to stop thinking about him. even having vivid dreams about Dean coming over to his apartment so that Castiel could make dinner for him.
Dean realized Cas was right, he did know him. Like the fact that he knew, of all places he could touch Dean, where it would melt any and all reserve, he was touching them now. Dean moved the hand that he had over Cas' on his shoulder and reached back. Fingers brushing over Cas' ear and weaving into his hair, digging in a little, pulling him  in even closer. Cas nuzzled further into Dean's neck and he felt the moan that had been building up inside him escape. "hhmmn... Cas..."
"Dean.... ungh... I need you." Cas murmers and he feels Dean freeze beneath him. Cas leans back and looks at him. "Dean?"
"There's no one like you
Dean wiped his hands over his face and slumped his shoulders a bit, turning to face Cas once again. "Dude, we were in full make out mode not even two minutes ago, and you're sitting there naked on the bed with... " Dean sighed, his eyes running down the length of Cas' body, resting for a moment on his erection, and then flicked back to meet Cas'. "And you're telling me you don't want more? I don't buy it."
"The pretty boy with green eyes? the one at the table you begged me to take from you?"
Cas groans as his body shutters from the hard smack on his ass. "Again!" he cries.
Dean licked his lips, a smirk pulling the corner of his mouth "Yea? what else did you learn from the pizzaman Cas?" he said teasingly.
"Who's Charlie?" a voice asks very close to him.
Dean grabbed Castiel's hair and forced his head back exposing his neck,  kissing licking and biting until Castiel just couldn't hold back the whimpering moans.  He wrapped his leg around Dean's waist and pulled him in,  thrusting his hips up desperately searching for more friction. Dean moaned into his neck "Oh Cas" he said, grinding his hips to meet Castiel's.
By takin' our time."
Dean got up and began helping Castiel pick up the snacks. Once they finished he headed toward the door, Castiel in front of him, Jimmy behind. He paused a moment at the living room doorway, he was going to take another quick look around when he felt a hand reach into his short hair and pull his head back. Jimmy's lips were on his before he even knew what was happening, kissing him deeply and passionately. He had heard of people becoming weak in the knees from a good kiss, but until now, it had never happened to him.
Dear Mr. Novak,
Dean smiles, "thats a little better" he says leaning forward and rewarding Cas with a light kiss. His tongue flicking across his lips, before his own lips just barely graze Cas'. "more?" he asks barely more than a whisper. Keeping his mouth just out of reach.
Cas does as Dean tells him, his orgasms ripping wildly through his body. "UNGH OH DEAN!!!" He cries out as his cock spurts thick white streaks across their stomachs, he screams Dean's name again as Dean thrusts hard into him, moaning and releasing his own load deep inside Cas.
Dean chuckled as he backed out of Castiel's way, allowing him to get back to the task at hand. "Cas, technically this is my kitchen."
Dean grabbed his arm, just tight enough to stop his movements. "You are family Cas.  Darla is thrilled you are here. Please stay"
"Well, if you had been enjoying that date in any way, you wouldn't be coming home with me." Castiel smiles pulling out of the lot. "And I wouldn't know what those amazing lips of yours taste like." He reaches over running his hand up Deans thigh "I can't wait to taste the rest of you."
In a quick movement, Dean pulled out of Cas and moved forward, straddling the Angel, his hard cock sticking straight up and pressing against Dean's own hole. Cas' eyes flew open as he moaned loudly at the sudden loss. He sat up, bringing his face to Dean's, he could feel Dean slowly trying to lower himself over his cock, and damn if it didn't make his cock twitch.... but... "Dean, wait. "he managed to choke out. He looked up into Dean's eyes, which were full of confusion. Cas lightly kissed the corner of his mouth. "While I am completely turned on by your enthusiasm, Dean, you cant just impale yourself on me. It will hurt. You..."
Pleasure ripped through his body as Dean slowly began thrusting into him. Castiel wrapped his legs around Dean's hips tightly, trying to pull him impossibly closer. "Fuck Dean, God your dick feels amazing. Fuck me, fuck me hard, please Dean, fuck me with your huge cock." Castiel breathed as Dean began fucking into him. He wrapped his arms around Dean, grabbing his ass, digging his fingers in, still trying to pull him in even closer. Dean shifted slightly and thrust hard, hitting his prostate, a scream ripped from Castiel's lips and filled the room "Fuck yea! Do that a... Aah.. Ahhhh!" Castiel screamed again as Dean continued to hit his prostate. "Dean, Oh dean" he began to chant as Dean fucked him into the counter, his legs and arms still wrapped round him, as though he was afraid Dean was going to float away.
Dean leans forward and kisses him, careful not to tease his cock until Cas gives him the okay. "You're incredible Angel, that was close." Dean teases over a nipple with a  finger. "You ready for more?"
"Sam, you are not in love with Cas. What are you even talking about? You're straight, you've never even looked sideways at a man before, let alone Cas!" Dean exasperated, he closed his laptop, not needing the distraction of it right now. He was going to get to the bottom of this confession. There was no way that Sam had fallen for Cas, he just couldn't. Sure, he thought, Cas was an attractive man, and Sam was right, he was a good, if not sometimes misguided, person... uh... Angel. And it wasn't like Cas was unlovable... he was very lovable. he just wasn't Sam's kind of lovable, at least not THAT way.
Dean smiled and climbed back onto the bed, laying back down beside him, dropping the lube on the bed, "Now, where were we?" he grabs Cas' head and pulls him into another kiss. Trapping his thigh in between his again, slowly rubbing his cock against it he moans into Cas' mouth.
Jimmy moaned opening his eyes and looking up at Castiel. "You have your fun brother. I got what I wanted from him." Jimmy kissed his brother again before getting up. "I'll wait for you downstairs. Take your time"
I imagine the things we'll do
Things are going really well for us here in California so far I do like my new school and I am quickly making new friends which is nice.
"I don't mind. I like to be useful, and its relaxing. Though I do usually enjoy it better when I can listen to your ipod. How much longer until its charged?" Cas washed the bowl and spoon that Dean had put into the sink. After rinsing and putting them in the strainer, he emptied both sinks and dried his hands.
"Patience tiger. Don't you worry, I'm gonna take real good care of you" He says sliding a finger into Dean's hole, causing his breath to catch. He hooks his finger rubbing it slowly over his prostate, eliciting the most beautiful whimpering noises from Dean as he does it over and over before pushing in another finger. Dean's cock is fully hard in Cas' hand as he starts pumping harder as he thrusts his fingers in his ass, stretching him, adding a third finger. Dean throws his head back gasping "p..please Cas" he begs. Cas pulls his fingers out suddenly, leaving Dean's ass gaping. He walks over to his dresser opening a drawer rummaging around a little before pulling out a thick black cock ring, a bottle of lube and a couple condoms. He turns around looking at Dean bound on his bed and his cock twitches. He knew he was going to look beautiful laid out on his bed, but god damn, this boy was sent to him straight from heaven.
"Oh" was all Dean could manage as he looked into the Angel's eyes. "and what do you feel when I touch you like this?" Dean tightened his grip on his wing, and a white hot heat filled his body. Dean's breath came quick and heavy as he staggered back from Castiel's touch. "shit Cas" Dean said when he finally regained control of his breathing. He had a new found respect for Cas and his ability to control that kind of pleasure. He looked down at the wet spot that now spread across the front of his jeans. Not ashamed at all that he had literally just came in his pants. "that's how you feel everything touch your wings?"
Cas' lips spread wide in another smile as he opens his eyes looking at Dean mischeiviously before turning wrapping his legs around the other Dean again as his hands pull him up by his thighs. Dean feels his heart sink a little as he sees him reach between them, expertly sinking his cock deep into the fallen Angel's ass. Dean takes a step back as both of the other men moan. Cas reaches back pulling Dean into his back, craining his neck he kisses Dean and whispers "Now you"
Cas closes the distance between them wrapping his arm around Dean's waist pulling him into him. He presses their lips together as Dean wraps his arms around him. He feels Dean's tongue lick over his lips and he parts them, letting Dean slide into his mouth. His tongue meets Dean's gently at first as he feels his body come alive. He lets out a low moan pulling Dean closer, their cocks rubbing against each other.
There was a moment of silence in the car as they drove, heading back to Dean's place. Castiel was reveling in the peace that had some over him when he felt warmth on his hand. He snapped his head sideways looking down as Dean took his hand to his own. "I couldn't imagine sharing this night with anyone else. Thank you for coming along." Dean smiled giving Castiel a wink before turning his head back toward the road.
"C..Cas..." Dean moans "More...please...ngh" he begs
Dean sat there for a moment, trying to fully grasp what had just happened. Dean had awoke to Cas sitting on his bed plenty of times, but he was always on the edge, and in his usual get up. Including that damn trenchcoat, which he could see now was draped neatly over the back of the chair, the rest of his cloths folded neatly in the seat. Dean's eyes flicked back to Cas, sitting with his back against the headboard, blankets pulled to his waist, no shirt, beautiful marks coverin his chest and neck. Dean knew that Cas could have healed them in no time, and the fact that he hadnt flooded him with such warmth.
"She passed right out." Dean chuckled Castiel turned toward him, their faces mere inches apart. "Can I get you something to drink?"
Castiel grabbed the gifts and packages of cookies from the back seat. He heft a small sigh before opening the door and walking up the stairs.
Cas gasps as Dean's fingers graze his prostate "Oh Dean" he moans, his hips rolling down on his fingers. "Please Dean... oh god baby... please..."
"Oh god, is it that noticeable?" Charlie asks as she tries to see it in the video.
"Please Dean, stop fighting, I'm tired of fighting. I have to fight so much, I don't want to fight this... you. I don't want to fight you, please don't make me fight anymore." Dean sighed, how could he say no, yes he could deny himself for eternity, but how could he deny his angel, his perfect angel, his Cas. Just as he went to speak, he felt Cas place his lips on his neck, just below his ear, and that was it. He couldn't deny this anymore. He couldn't turn from this, he didn't have fight left in him.
"Daddy, are we walking?" Darla said hopping around the driveway playfully.
Dean sighed, pushing the thoughts and emotions to the side, it was ok that they were there, but there was no way he was going to push this thing with Cas. This was one thing that Cas was going to have to take the lead on, if he chose to. Cas was in an impressionable state, and while Dean didnt mind stearing him toward liking the same kind of food he liked, or even the same kind of movies and music... Dean paused at that thought, realizing that he hadnt shared music with Cas yet.
"Go to dinner with me tomorrow night. There is this really great restaurant in Topeka." Mr. McLeod smiles.
Cas smiles climbing on the bed with him. "That makes two of us." He leans in kissing him deeply, running his hands over Dean's firm body, wrapping his fingers around his cock, stroking gently. He slowly kisses down Dean's jawline and over his chest. Savoring the taste of him and the soft noises he's making as he works his way down. He looks up at Dean as he reaches his cock, Dean's green eyes are staring down at him as he slowly runs his tongue over the tip. When Dean moans above him Cas' opens his mouth taking his full length in, Dean grabs a fist full of his hair crying out his name as he bobs his head up and down of Dean's length.
"Thank you Castiel." She smiled her cutest little smile up at him.
He shook his head, pushing away the memory of those first few nights after he left the bunker. He stripped his cloths off and walked to the shower, turning it on as hot as he could stand it. This was something that he did enjoy about being human, showers. He loved the way the water felt running over his body, how his muscles would relax under the pulsing warmth. He grabbed the wash cloth and soap, and began washing his body. As he ran the washcloth over his skin he started to think of Dean in the shower, only minutes ago, doing the same thing.
That had been almost a month ago, try as he might, Dean had not been able to convince Cas to listen to a different song. He was stuck on this one, listened to it on constant repeat, depleting the battery, and getting irritated that he couldnt listen to it as it charged. Dean had picked up a docking station, but was afraid to let Cas know, because as much as Dean loved the song, he didn't want to listen to it over and over.
Castiel watched as the Winchesters pulled away from him, Dean sitting in the back watching and waving as they drove down the street. He sighed, thinking about Dean's confession. He had no idea Dean felt that way, he was such a good kid, and Castiel was really going to miss him and the rest of the family, and he really was going to miss making them pies.
"Hey Cas, Thanks for coming by" He smiled, and Castiel felt his heart start beating a little faster.
Castiel turned back toward the tree and sighed deeply. His heart was racing and his stomach was in knots with nerves. Dean came out and walked up behind him, placing his hand on the small of his back, and even though he thought it would make him more nervous, instantly he felt relaxed, like this had happened a hundred times before.
"I love you Castiel. I never want to be apart from you. My life is complete now that you are here, and I am never letting YOU go" Dean felt a hum as he pressed his lips to Cas' again. A flicker of all the dangers they would face pulled at the back of his mind, but he wouldnt let it take over. He knew that they would face everything together, he didn't care what was out in the world, because he had everything he would ever need now.
"She passed right out." Dean chuckled Castiel turned toward him, their faces mere inches apart. "Can I get you something to drink?"
"It's ok Cas, just let it take you, I've got you." Cas looked down at him. "I'm right here baby, come on, come for me" Dean's hand stroked harder as he once again took the head into his mouth, his tongue flicking over the slit. He reached his other hand down, running it over his testicles and began to tease Cas' tight hole, softly running his fingers over the  opening, slick with Dean's spit. He let a finger slowly press in only getting to the second knuckle before Cas' hips thrust hard, cock swelling before filling Dean's mouth with delicious cum. Dean swallowed, savoring the taste as spurt after spurt filled his mouth. He could feel Cas trembling under him as Dean softly stroked him through his orgasm. When he was finished Dean gently licked him clean, before moving up his body to take his mouth again.
"I've never heard ..." Dean started
"Dean.... mmmmm... oh, you're so perfect..." Cas murmered into his chest as he laid kisses all over the hunter's chest. Cas pushed his body forward, lowering his hand to Dean's leg, urging Dean to kick is legs out so he could lay them back. Dean did and they fell back onto the bed, their rhythm never failing. Dean wrapped his legs around Cas' waist and pulled him in closer. Every thrust elicited a moan or gasp from Dean as Cas hit his prostate.
Cas lays his body over Dean's, dragging his hard cock down his ass-crack. Dean feels his hot breath on his ear. "I'm not too rough, but do we need a safety word?" Dean's not sure why, but he trusts him, he shakes his head no and hears Cas chuckle in his ear. "Thats a good boy." Cas drags his lips over his ear, laying soft open mouthed kisses over his body and he moves down. Dean feels him press his lips to his ass-cheek right before *SMACK* Cas' hand slaps hard against his flesh, sending pain and pleasure through his body, and Dean has what he suspects is only his first orgasm of the night.
Dean couldn't help but chuckle at how new everything was to Cas. From learning to do the simplest tasks, to enjoying the things that so many people took for granted. He made it his personal mission to make sure Cas experienced everything, found himself looking forward to finding new things for Cas to enjoy. Watching Cas' face as he listened to Zeppelin for the first time, had to down right be the best though and the event that followed only slightly had something to do with that.
"Please Cas.... fuck! I need you, Cas! Oh... ungh... I need you inside me!" Dean moaned and whimpered, his torso still splayed across the table.
"Unless you want to do more" Jimmy muttered and Castiel nudged his shoulder
Sam and Dean had just gotten back from a routine hunt. As had become customary, Dean headed right to his room for a shower, washing away the grime of the road. When he walked out of the bathroom, towel wrapped around his waist, he saw that Cas was curled up on the loveseat in the corner of the room. A small smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. He'd be lying if he said he hadnt missed him while they were away. There was a comfort to knowing Cas would be here, when he got back. And Dean wasnt a fool, he knew what that meant, what this was leading to in his heart, he simply didnt care. There was a purity to how this was all happening, and why shouldnt they be able to find some kind of peace after everything they had gone through together.
"ngh... oh Cas! ... baby you feel so good!" Dean buried his head in the crook of Cas' neck and moaned loudly... pumping his ass up and down on Cas' hard cock. Cas rotated his hips, rising to meet Dean's movements. Dean threw his head back and screamed as he hit his prostate! "OH GOD CAS!" Dean's breathing was coming quicker, harder, more jagged. "Oh , please.... baby please...." Dean pleaded as Cas did it again and again. "Please dont ever stop. UNGH! CAS!!!! oh... you feel..... oh baby.... you feel so good!"
Cas blushes "every night since I've been here" he admits.
"Your voice is amazing Dean..." Cas says, his own voice thick with desire.
The silence is deafening, Cas doesn't know what he can say to make Dean just take him back to the Gas and Sip without asking him more questions. The feeling of defeat is overwhelming, he has to just tell Dean the truth. "Nora pays me a fair wage and I, um, I have a sleeping bag there, I will catch some sleep in the back room, it's fine Dean. Please just drop me off there, and you can make your way back to the bunker."
"Hello Dean"Cas said to the man sitting on the couch. He was wearing jeans and a white button up shirt.
Castiel placed his hand on the center console as he turned around to look. "Yea, she's out" He turned back around smiling. "Thank you for inviting me Dean. This was really fun."
"I don't know what all was going on between the two of you, but I have a feeling if I hadn't shown up when I did, you wouldn't have woken up alone this morning"
"Dean, what are you doing? Where are we going?" Cas stammers, shocked but keeping up with Dean as he pulls him down the hallway toward his room.
"Oh baby, yes. That would make this so much hotter! Besides, if you dont, I can't promise I wont flip you over right now and take you inside me, preparation be damned.... God Cas, I want you so bad!"
"Come on Darla, we're going to be late" Dean yelled up to her. Castiel opened the door and waited for them to come out. The air was cool, but not nearly as cold as it would be normally. The winter had been unseasonably warm.
"Hello Dean"Cas said to the man sitting on the couch. He was wearing jeans and a white button up shirt.
I miss you every day, and I REALLY miss your pie. Seriously dude, you make THE BEST PIE EVER! I hope all is well and that you like your new neighbors, but don't make them pie, save that for me. Because I am coming back to you Mr. Novak. I am coming back and when I do I want your best pie. And I want my grown up kiss!
Cas walked back over to the bed and ran his hand down Dean's body first gripping his head,  pulling it back so he could kiss him brusingly hard until they both were panting,  desperate for more.  Then his hand trailed down his back and over his perfect round ass, fingers dipping into his still gaping hole for a moment before sliding down between his legs grazing over his balls before gripping ahold of his heavy cock hanging dripping between his legs.  He moaned,  licking his lips,  there were so many things he wanted to do to this boy,  and wondered just how much he could handle in one night.
Cas rolled his head back and looked at the ceiling. "oh, yea I guess that makes sense."
When Cas walked out of the room, he looked around, but Dean was not back yet. Not sure what to do with himself in just his towel, he decided to lay down on the bed and wait for Dean to return. He must have been more tired than he realized, closing his eyes just for a moment, he fell asleep, not even hearing the door open, when Dean returned. Before he opened his eyes, he heard the soft voices coming from the TV, he rolled over and cracked his eyes, the only light in the room was coming from the tv, and he could just barely make out Dean laying on the couch. "Dean?" he asked softly.
Castiel chuckled "Yes Dean, again and again, until neither of can even move.... and then we'll do it one more time just for the fun of it." Castiel kissed him deeply, shifting his body to lay more comfortably snuggled against Dean's. They lay their kissing sweetly for a while, when Castiel suddenly remembered... "Pie"
"Look man..." Dean started before being pushed up against the wall. He was over come with panic thinking for a moment that this had been a mistake, clearly this guy was pissed and... but suddenly those beautiful perfect full lips were on his and all the panic he had felt fled as he melted into the kiss. When blue eyes pulled back Dean looked at him in wonderment and all he could manage was a breathy "wow"
Cas had taken to hanging out with Dean in his room when the boys weren't on a case, even though he had his own room. If it were anyone else, Dean may be more than a little irritated, but this was Cas. After the fall Dean had found him wandering on the side of a back road. Whether it be random luck or divine intervention, Dean couldnt decide. All he knew was he was happy to have the former angel safe where he could keep an eye on him. And if Cas wanted to hang out in his room with him, that was perfectly fine, it saved him all kinds of anxiety about what kind of trouble he could get into, even within the confines of the bunker.
Dean got off the bed and went to Cas' coat on the floor, searching the pockets. when he finally found the pocket with the lube in it he couldn't help but smile. There were 5 little bottles of it. He looked up at Cas holding them up. "Really Cas? 5 bottles, how long do you plan to be in this room with me?"
The dream had started off as just two friends getting together and having a couple drinks with dinner, and had ended with Castiel pushed up against the kitchen counter with Dean's tongue down his throat and grinding his hard cock into his thigh. He had woken covered in sweat with a raging hard on that absolutely had to be taken care of immediately. the image of Dean standing before him, pulling his shirt off is what had taken him over the edge.
Dean woke with a start, the nauseous feeling settling in his stomach as he sat up and looked around. It looked similar to the dumpy motel room that he fell asleep in, but reversed, and Sam wasn’t anywhere to be seen. He swung his legs over the edge of the bed and rubbed his face, wiping the sleep away.
Castiel went into the kitchen to finish cleaning up after breakfast. When he heard the door close and Dean's Impala roar to life in the driveway he walked out into the foyer just in time to see the car back out down the drive. He wasn't sure how much time he'd have before Dean got back, so he quickly rushed to the bathroom, stripping off his cloths and starting the water. He opened the medicine cabinet, moving things around, he found what he was looking for. He took and set the small jar on the side of the tub, before climbing in under the spray of the hot water. He quickly washed his hair and body, letting the hot water pour over him. He took a deep breathe to calm his anxiousness. He had been wanting this for so long with Dean. Now here he was, in Dean's apartment, standing naked in his shower, washing with his shampoo and body wash. And soon, he would have Dean's hands all over him. Castiel smiled at the thought.
"Is it too much?" Cas asks quietly
Castiel smiles down at him. He's just too cute, those green eyes looking at him in wonder, his voice cracking with every word, freckles sprinkled across his nose. He leans down and kisses Dean on the forehead. "Dean, I'm sure I don't have to tell you how wildly inappropriate it would be for me to kiss you the way you were asking me. I will tell you this though. You come back and visit me in 6 years, and we can have this conversation again, if you still want to."
Castiel kept his eyes locked on Dean's as he took him fully into his mouth. He tasted amazing and Castiel loved the feel of him in his mouth, the tip of his dick pressing hard against his throat as he bobbed his head down. He watched Dean's face his perfect lips forming an 'O' as he in turn watched Castiel. He ran his hands over Dean's thighs, reaching back and cupping his balls and Dean thrust hard into his mouth, shoving his dick even further down his throat. Castiel pulled his mouth off taking a deep breath "Fuck my face Dean"
"Just... Cas, can you please leave? I can't..." Dean huffs a loud sigh as he finally looks back at Cas. "Yes"
"Well yea, I mean, think about it. Cas is great, he's been there for us so many times. He tries his hardest to help whenever he can, even if sometimes he sometimes strays in his attempts." Sam hadn't even looked up at Dean, he was still staring at the screen on his laptop.
Cas lowered his head, but Dean could see the smile there. He sees Cas' chest heave with a deep breath before he looks back up at him."Would it be alright if I did it again?"
Dean sighed, standing up from the chair, turning so he could lean back against the table. He crossed his arms and looked back at Cas, a nervous smile playing at his lips. "Listen Cas, I don't know what all you heard, and I don't even really know how to explain what you did hear..."
Before he knows what's happening Dean has him off the bed and thrown against the wall, his body crashing into him as his thigh spread's Cas' legs apart, grinding their hips together. Dean smashing their mouths together so hard Cas can taste blood. 'Finally" Cas thinks as Dean grabs his hair pulling his head back and sinking his teeth into his neck.
Castiel smirked "Well, it was" he paused leaning in flicking his tongue across then pulling Dean's bottom lip between his teeth teasingly. "From a girl at least." his smile widened.
He lifted his hands up and grabbed Cas' wrists and moved them forward, up above his head and leaned down, taking claim on Cas' mouth once more. "Keep your hands here." he said pulling back once again, then leaned in and bit his bottom lip, before once more moving down Cas' body.
When Dean's grip loosened, Castiel slowly pulled his mouth off of Dean's softening cock,  licking him clean, then licking his lips looking up at Dean with heavily lidded eyes. "Hello Dean" Cas said simply, as though Dean's dick wasn't still laying out mere inches from his face.
Cas laid forward onto Dean, his own erection pressed between their bodies as he relaxed his muscles and let Dean's soft cock pop out of him. The shifts n his hips were so light that Dean didnt notice them at first, still coming down from the most amazing orgasm he had ever had in his life. He lifted his hand and absently ran his fingers through Cas' hair as his breath normalized. "Cas... that...was amazing. Where did you learn to do that?"
"Ok, how about you take my virginity?"
"Rules are rules" Dean said with a shrug, leaning in and placing a soft kiss on Castiel's lips. His lips were warm and he smelled of coffee, and all Castiel could think was just how amazing this day was shaping up to be.
Dean stood, frozen in place by what had just happened. He was trying to wrap his mind around it when he heard Cas faintly singing as he walked out he door. He only made out the last 4 words "by takin' our time"
"No, I'm saying that we went to high school together" Dean replies.
"Yea, we did, at my sisters on Saturday. It was nice, but I've been having a hard time getting into the spirit this year. I don't know why, just really not feeling it, I mean, I didn't even decorate." Castiel said softly, looking down at the counter top, swirling his finger around the pebble design.
After finding a name for Darla's penguin that wasn't already taken and each of them eating a cookie, Darla went to get ready for church. Castiel sat on one of the stools by the island watching Dean as he cleaned up.
"I'm sorry Dean, I... I don't know what came over me. It... it won't happen again." Cas said, turning away from him and heading toward the stairs.
Cas hears a growl at the back of Dean's throat as he presses their bodies together, walking them backward, until Cas' legs catch on the bed and they are both falling onto it. Dean's hands slowly run over Cas' body as he kisses his jaw and down his throat. A shutter runs through Cas' body as Dean's thumb grazes his nipple and Dean smiles against his skin, running it over again and again until Cas moans arching his back into Dean's touch. "You like that?" Dean asks, his teeth lightly grazing over his collarbone, as his mouth moves down to his other nipple. Dean's tongue swirls around the sesitive flesh and Cas' moan is enough of an answer that Dean doesnt stop. He licks and sucks his nipple until its a hard nub and then he takes it gently between his teeth, biting gently.
Cas grabs the lube squirting some on his fingers before pressing them back into Dean's hole, sliding in with ease, fingers on his left hand fucking him while he scratches his other hand down Dean's back until he's laying in a full out submissive position begging "p..p..please Cas! I want you... I NEED you inside me! P.. Please fuck me!" Dean's voice sounds completely wrecked and Cas can't deny this beautiful boy any longer. He once again pulls his fingers free of his ass, grabbing a condom ripping package open he quickly slides it on squirting more lube over his hard cock before lining himself up with Dean's more than ready and willing ass. "God damn tiger, you look so fucking beautiful" he says playfully running the tip of his dick over Dean's fluttering hole. Dean whines, pushing his ass back, trying to obtain more contact. Cas smacks his ass again "I told you, I'm in control of this ride Dean" Dean groans, trying not to once again push back into Cas as he finally presses the head of his cock into his ass. They both moan as Cas slowly pushes inside Dean's hot tight ass, letting Dean adjust to the intrusion, stopping when Dean holds his breath... moving forward again when he hears him take another until he's balls deep in his ass. His hips flush with Dean's and he groans out, fingers digging deep into Dean's hips, leaving bruises as he starts thrusting slowly in and out of him, picking up his pace as Dean begs underneath him.
Castiel didn't have much time to mourn the loss of it though, as soon as it was cleaned, Dean tossed the wet cloth back toward the bathroom and placed both hands on his shoulders beneath the trenchcoat. "Now, as much as I love this damn coat of yours." Dean bit his lip, his green eyes rising to meet Cas'. "It just has to go. It's in my way" and with that he ran his hands over Cas' shoulders and down his arms, shucking the coat as he went.
Dean laughs "I think that can be arranged" he says kissing Cas' collarbone
"We're 17, 18 in less than two months, seniors in high school, and who cares what others say. We're just watching movies." Castiel said
"thank you for the books Castiel." Darla said cheerfully.
"You'll see him again, I'm sure of it. I've got to admit, it's nice seeing you obsess about someone new." She says as she rubs my back lovingly. "Speaking of new guys though, I've met someone."
A half hour into the movie Jimmy sat up and came over next to him with a bag of popcorn. "Want some?" Dean simply smiled and shook his head no. He turned and continued to watch the movie. Another half hour passed and he offered Dean a can of soda, which he accepted. When Jimmy reached up to give it to him, he let his hand linger on his bare knee a little longer than was necessary. Dean tried not to read anything into the simple action. Though a number of thoughts began to race through his mind.
"it's ok Cas, you dont have to say anything. I'm not even sure what to do with this information. I mean, yea, obviously I .... Shit! this is hard, Cas. These chick flick moments aren't my forte" Dean ran a hand through his hair, scruffing the back of his neck.
"Of course you can." He said as he handed the other gift to Dean.
When they got to the living room Dean pulled Castiel to a stop before the tree. His eyes flicking above their heads a smile dancing across his lips. "You know, mistletoe can be deadly if you eat it" Dean said, quoting one of his favorite movies.
Cas turned around and smiled at Dean. "Dean, I would love to see you fight to over power me if I didn't want you to." he knelt beside the hunter on the bed, he dropped the wet cloth onto Dean's stomach, and Dean flinched as he made to get up, seemingly prepared for the challenge. Cas chuckled, bending over him and licking his lips. "But we will save that for another time darling, right now, I want you helpless."
"Forever Cas. I want you forever." He said as he moved in closer, fitting their bodies together as he slowly peppered kissed over Cas' neck and jaw line, before taking his mouth again in a long slow kiss.
"Come on Darla, we're going to be late" Dean yelled up to her. Castiel opened the door and waited for them to come out. The air was cool, but not nearly as cold as it would be normally. The winter had been unseasonably warm.
The other events that had occurred that night, were not brought up by either of them. Though Dean had noticed on more than one occasion subtle changes in Cas' behavior toward him. Oh, there had always been the lingering looks, and the invasion of personal space, what was new was the touching. Cas had been taking every opportunity to touch Dean. It was always subtle, and in no way overtly sexual, but it was happening more often and every time it did, Dean felt an immense warmth wash over him. He tried to show Cas he was open to whatever he may want, but he wasn't sure how to do that without taking charge. Dean had always been the take charge kind of guy when it came to relationships, but he didnt want that with Cas. He was certain that Cas wanted to take their relationship to another level, but he had long decided, that Cas would have to be the one to do that.
Dean was completely lost in this moment, he hadnt moved at all, save for the rising and falling of his chest as he breathed in Cas. It wasnt until Cas moaned and hitched his hips slightly, that Dean realized he should be moving. Slowly his hips began moving and a whole new sensation rose through his body.
"More than okay Dean. I love you, more than I could ever tell you when I was an Angel, and since I lost my grace, all these human emotions that came flooding in, only made my love for you more intense. But with it came the self doubt. I never believed you could want me like this." He explains.
-Led Zeppelin
"Dean?" Cas said, breaking the silence.
"ANY way you desire " Castiel replied
Dean forced his eyes to stay open and watch the beautiful blue eyed man that was kneeling before him. As much as he wanted to get lost in the sensations that Castiel was sending through his body, he fucking loved looking at his angelic face. Castiel locked his eyes on him and ran his tongue over his lips, and Dean bit his own holding back a moan. Castiel then flicked his tongue out and swirled it over the head of his dick before swallowing him down in one smooth motion. And it was a good thing that Castiel had the foresight to turn them around, because Dean could no longer feel his legs as he watched the dark haired man bob up and down, his dick hitting the back of Castiel's throat every time, and Castiel's gaze never leaving his own.
"Sorry" I said softly as I moved out of his way, unable to find any other words, as I watched his bow legs carry him farther and farther away.
"Hey Cas, sorry to have left you here alone. I just didn't think..."
Dean's left panting when he pulls away, and finally manages to find his voice. "not cats... but it seems like Cas likes it." He says with a smile.
D-I'm home
"Dean?" Cas manages to ask. Dean looks at him, confusion followed by a looks of horror and humiliation crosses his face as he hops off the bed and moves across the room. "Cas, I.... I'm sorry man, I thought it was another dream. God, this is embrarrassing" Dean says, covering his face, his entire body flushing red.
Cas inched up the bed until their knees met. Dean reached out with one of the ear buds and placed it in Cas' right ear, making sure it was in place. His hand lingering on the side of Cas' face, probably a little longer than was completely necessary. Dean pulled the other bud up to his ear, but the cord was shorter than he thought and he had to lean in a little in order for it to reach. Cas mimicked his movement and their foreheads were less than six inches apart. Dean looked up at Cas, catching his soft gaze, a smile playing at his lips. "Are you ready to listen to some amazing music Cas?"
Cas felt Dean move his other hand behind him and grab Cas' left thigh for purchase as he ground down onto Cas' right between his legs, pulling backwards forcing Cas' hand on his cock to the tip and without hesitation thrust forward. Castiel kept his grip tight and held his hand in place as Dean began to fuck it. He continued kissing and biting Dean's neck, his tongue darting out and running over the teeth marks and bruises he's left all over the hunter's neck. He loves marking him, claiming him, loves that he can make Dean go crazy like this, loves the feel of him losing control in his arms.
"Well Cas, that was... uh..." Dean started, finding himself at a loss for words. "Well I think I'm gonna be sitting funny for a couple days"
He turned his head, biting into the thick flesh of Dean's thigh, making him flinch and grind down harder onto his face. Castiel got lost in the smell and taste of Dean as he licked every inch he could reach, sucking his balls into his mouth and rolling his tongue over them, his hand still stroking his cock. Dean moved a fraction of an inch higher and Castiel has full access to his hole, licking and probing it until Dean was moaning his name above him.
The gentle pressure of Dean's lips on his cock was almost too much and Castiel couldn't help the twitch of his hips,  seeking more contact.  Dean looked up,  running that delicious tongue over his lips again before hooking his fingers in the waistband of Castiel's briefs, slowly pulling the fabric down, exposing Castiel's throbbing cock a centimeter at a time until it sprang free so hard that it caught Dean in the face. The sudden contact of skin made Castiel's hips thrust again,  effectively shoving his dick into Dean's face.
Cas licked and lapped at the hole , pushing his tongue inside of Dean, before licking his fingers and pressing them in as well. He pushed and pulled, scissoring his fingers, opening Dean up, getting him nice and ready for his cock.
"You wanna be my bitch Dean?" Castiel turned, pushing Dean back so he was sitting back on his legs. "You want me to fuck you like you've never been fucked before? You want my cock to split open that tight perky ass of yours, til it don't know what its like not to have a cock shoved in it?" Castiel pushed himself forward onto Dean as he spoke, first softly, then with more confidence as Dean let him take control, feeling a sense of power. "Want me to mark you up, so that everyone knows that you're mine." Castiel hesitated a moment, watching Dean's face. " I want to make you mine Dean, and I never want anyone else to have you."
"I already told you. I saw a horrible burned and destroyed world. With nothing but heartache and dispair." Dean says, "but no matter what version of the future we have, at least I know I will always have you." Dean leans in kissing the soft lips that he's come to know well since he got back from his stint in the future.
Dean runs his hand over the front of the corset. "I didn't think it was possible..." he says.
“Hey, Cas. What’s up? Where are we?” Dean stood and turned to face Castiel, taking in the sight of him, holding onto the emotions that always rushed over him when he saw those piercing blue eyes.
"What the fuck Cas?" Dean said taking a staggering step.
I hope this letter finds you well. And I hope to see you on Friday afternoon, we'll say about 5pm.
"What are you doing?" Dean asks, not believing any of this was really happening.
"Oh hell no, thats the beginning of the end right there. Over my dead body are you getting a cat." She says her warm hazel eyes lighting up as they flash toward the door.
"Yea, I guess I was." Cas sat up, realizing that he had a blanket covering him, he quirked an eyebrow at Dean.
"Are you just gonna stand there and stare at me all day, or are you gonna get over here and fuck me?" Castiel scooted back on the counter a little and pulled his legs up,  exposing his wet and ready hole. "Its all yours Dean." he said as he ran his own hand between his leg pushing two fingers into his ass, throwing his head back with a moan.
"Hello Dean" Cas said after a long moment, sitting up on the couch.
Between every thrust, Dean's ass moved up again him, and Cas could feel his cock getting harder, and the pleasures he was feeling no longer came just from Dean's desires. These were his own, his cock was reacting to Dean touching him, this was an entirely new feeling. Of course he had gotten hard before, but it was always a result of feeling what Dean longed for, this was a direct result of physical stimulus and he could feel want taking him over.
Cas paused at the car, looking at his always righteous man, the man he had pulled from purgatory all those years ago. The man who had been everything to Cas for so long. Dean puts his phone away and looks at him "Where to Cas?" The question hangs in the air for a moment before Cas simply grabs the door handle of the Impala and slides into the leather clad front seat. He takes a deep breath, there are so many memories in this car for him, and he knows there are even more for Dean. He takes in the smell of the leather and of Dean, he's missed this so much, missed the comfort of having Dean around.
"Wait, that was real?" Dean asks, vaguely remembering Cas talking to him. He remembered having too much to drink and that Charlie hadn't shown up so he was going to call for a ride home. He remembered nearly falling down and leaning up against the wall. Then there was that feeling of not being alone, he could smell cologne that had a sweet, honey undertone to it. And then he remembered hearing Cas' voice, looking into his eyes as he moved closer...but that was it, why couldn't he remember what happened next.
Cas simply shrugged, sitting back down on the couch looking at the floor. "Are you certain you don't mind me staying here? I can go whenever you want, I don't want to be a bother."
"Alright then, why don't you come on over and sit on the bed, I'll grab my ipod" Dean chuckled as Cas tilted his head in that adorable way he always did when he didnt understand something. He explained as best he could so Cas would understand what it was, as he walked over to his dresser and grabbed it and the ear buds that he hated. But it would be very difficult for both of them to ear one set of headphones. He made a mental note to pick up a docking station.
Cas bucks his hips hard taking as much of Dean's fingers as possible and he moans loudly. His hand flails out grasping for the bottle of lube once he grasps it he shifts quickly, pulling away from Dean's hand, fingers popping out of him as he pulls his legs up underneath him into a kneeling position. Dean is confused for a moment before Cas takes his length into his mouth, spit slicking him up, head bobbing at a fast pace, and Dean throws his head back as a loud "OH" breaks across his lips.
Cas opens his door pulling Dean in behind him. Dean slams him against the door as he closes it, smashing their mouths together. Cas pushes him further into the apartment, hands trailing down his body, holding his hips throwing him against the wall in the hallway. "Now now tiger, I'm in control of this ride." His nimble fingers pop open the button of Deans jeans and he slides his hand in over his hard cock. Dean hisses at the touch. "Thats a good boy, let me take care of you." Cas licks at his neck, sucking a red mark before moving down further to his collar bone. His hand slowly massaging Deans dick.
"What are you guys doing here?" Dean was genuinely surprised to see them.
Castiel let out a low moan "Dean" he pressed into him, running his hand over his chest and cupping his face. "You need to go get dressed. It's almost time to take Darla to her mother's." he kissed Dean gently "I'll be here when you get back" Castiel reluctantly pulled himself away and stood up, holding his hand out to Dean. Dean took Castiel's hand and immediately pulled him into his arms again once he stood up. "Dean.  Seriously, go get dressed"  Castiel said with a bit of force.
Dean's eyes followed Sam until he was out of sight. Then he had no choice but to look back at Cas who stood frozen in the same place, his head cocked to once side, eyes intently looking at Dean.
"nnngh-- dean-- please--" Cas begs, rolling his hips.
"yea, this is our first Christmas eve and morning here. I'm excited to share it with her. And her having her own room here makes it easier too."
"No" Castiel interrupted "you don't have to explain. I completely understand, Darla is number one priority." he smiled and touched Dean's hand.
"Listen Cas, I completely appreciate, and actually love, that you enjoy that song so much. But how can you ever truly know if its good if you don't have anything to compare it to." They reach Dean's room and go in before Dean lets Cas' wrist go. "Go sit we're going to listen to some different songs." He walks over to the closet and grabs his ipod docking station, still in the box. He sets it up on the night stand before grabbing his ipod and setting it into the dock. Cas is kneeling in the middle of the bed watching Dean closely.
"Yes Dean, I'm ok with this." Castiel moved his hand from Dean's arm placing it tenderly on his cheek. Dean closed his eyes and nuzzled into the touch. "I just want you so bad,  have wanted this for so long. I...  Im just having a hard time believing it's real"
very very little to no plot what so ever... just an amazing blow job!
Dean moaned as Cas took his tie and loosely bound Dean's wrists together. He kissed him once again before turning his attention south. He grabbed he wet cloth and gently cleaned his cock, rubbing the roughness over the purple head teasingly. Dean squirmed, eliciting  another soft smile from Cas. Once he cleaned the lube off him, he tossed the cloth beside the bed and leaned in, slowly twirling his tongue over Dean's dick.
Castiel simply nodded his head, not trusting his voice. They got out of the car, Dean walking around to get Darla out. When she refused to wake up, Dean simply carried her, tossing Castiel the keys asking him to unlock the door for him.
Cas lowered his head, but Dean could see the smile there. He sees Cas' chest heave with a deep breath before he looks back up at him."Would it be alright if I did it again?"
Cas' eyes flew open, searching Dean's face. "I need to look at you. I want to see your face when I sink my cock into your pretty ass."
The church service was not as intolerable as Castiel had thought it may be. Not with Dean sitting next to him, and Darla was too cute for words standing up front singing her little heart out. Still he couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief when they walked out of the church.
Castiel couldn't help the gasp that escaped his lips, as Dean's fingers found and pressed against the tight ring of muscle. He also couldn't help the movement of his hips as he pressed back into his hand, seeking more pressure. Dean licked his lips "mmmm, you like that Mr. Novak? Wanna see what else I can do?" Dean's mouth covered Castiel's once again, their tongues twisting around each other, pulling a moan from deep within Dean's chest. There was a loud sloppy smack when Dean broke the kiss again, pulling his hand out of his pants as well. He licked his lips before sucking his fingers into his mouth and let out a dirty moan, grinding his hips further into Castiel, shoving him harder against the wall. "Oh God, Mr. Novak. I was right." Castiel couldn't take his eyes off Dean's tongue as he swirled it around his fingers."You taste amazing, I could just eat you. Would you like that Mr. Novak? hmmm... You want me to eat you?" Dean pulled his fingers out of his mouth and placed them at Castiel's lips. "Or would you rather eat me Mr. Novak?"
Dean's head jerked back slightly "Gee Cas are you tired of me already?" He said half joking, half worried that it was true.
Dean's eyes go wide "I... uh..."
Dean felt the weight of Cas as he laid over him, his lips gently pressing into his ear. "Can I fuck you Dean?"
"Fuck!" Dean growled. Taking a quick moment to take off his own pants that were still gathered around his ankles. Watching with envy as Castiel fucked himself back on his own fingers. Dean didn't take his eyes off Cas fingers as they pumped in and out of his greedy ass, he simply stepped forward and added one of his own delighting in the sounds that came from Castiel as he hooked his finger finding that magical button on his first try. Castiel's hips bucked up into him as his own fingers pulled out and gripped his leg, spreading them wider to allow Dean full access. Dean quickly added another finger, hooking them with every thrust, grazing over Castiel's prostate.
Cas is searching Dean's face for any indication of how real this is, is he really here in his room with him right now? His mind flashes to his fantasy of wanting Dean to slam him against the wall. Of Dean's lips of his, his hands running over his body... Cas isn't sure how long he is lost in the fantasy this time, but he is pulled into the now when he feels Dean's hands on his, moving them from his belt. "Dean" he says, barely more than a whisper.
Three months later Castiel received a letter from Dean.
Cas sat up and grabbed him by the shoulder. "Like hell you will" he growled and pulled him down on top of him, their bodies lining up perfectly with each other. Cas wrapped his leg around Dean, holding him in place and he rutted up against him, looking for friction. His mouth searching out Dean's frantically, kissing him so deeply making Dean's head swim. He melted forward into Cas' firm body, and let him take control for a moment.
"Yea, we did, at my sisters on Saturday. It was nice, but I've been having a hard time getting into the spirit this year. I don't know why, just really not feeling it, I mean, I didn't even decorate." Castiel said softly, looking down at the counter top, swirling his finger around the pebble design.
"Lean forward darlin, I'm gonna work you open nice and wide for me." Dean growled, pushing another finger slow and easy. He felt Jimmy's muscles flutter around his fingers as he thrust them in and out, and it wasn't long before he was pushing a third into his hole, scissoring his fingers and he pushed in and out, all the while rutting slowly against Castiel's hard cock. They were both leaking enough to provide sufficient lubrication and their cocks slid together smoothly.
He walked over to his dresser and pulled out clothes, lost in his own thoughts on which music he was going to show Cas first. He could feel the excitement washing over him. There was so much good music out there, so many great bands, so many amazing songs. He was so caught up in trying to figure out where to start in his music library, that he had forgotten that Cas was sleeping right across the room and dropped his towel, before pulling on his sweats. Pulling his tshirt over his head he suddenly remembered he wasnt alone and he whipped his head around catching Cas' wide eyed stare.
Dean's heart swells as he looks into Cas' ocean eyes and wonders 'Am I still dreaming?'
It was another moment or two when Darla came back in the living room with a plate of cookies in one hand and a glass of milk in the other. She set them on the small table next to the tree and turned to Castiel. "Castiel, will you be here in the morning after Santa comes?"
Dean quickly ripped open the foil packet and rolled the condom on, walking back over to Castiel and taking his dick in his own hands stroking it at a slow and steady pace. "You ready for me darlin?"
"No, I get it. We went to church when I was really little. My dad went through a phase where we were going pretty regularly. By the time I was a teenager though we stopped going. My dad and I would have conversations about religion and he just wanted us to be exposed to it, so we could make our own decisions on what we wanted to believe."
"I want you to fuck me too Cas." Dean squeezed Cas' dick in his hand. " I want to know what this feels like inside me. Ungh.... Oh Cas, I cant wait.... I n... need.... I need you inside me!"
The anticipation was racing through Castiel's body and he began to shake as he reached out and placed his hand on Dean's arm. He smiled at him nervously as he closed the last inches between them, their bodies now flush against one another.  Castiel let out a soft shaky sigh as Dean wrapped his arm around his lower back and pulled him in closer and took his mouth with his own. His tongue sliding out and over Castiel's lips gently before he parted them allowing Dean entry.
Dean wipes his hand of the dishrag and hangs it on the handle of the fridge before walking out of the kitchen toward the living room. The apartment was really starting to come together, sure there were still boxes to unpack, but it was nice to see that his stuff was mingling nicely with Cas' and that he was so accommodating. He didn't just feel like a visitor anymore, it was really starting to feel like their place. Not that Cas ever had made him feel like just a visitor, with Cas everything felt right, no matter where they were, so long as they were together, that would always be home. Dean turns toward the bedroom when he doesn't find Cas in the living room and sees the soft flicker of candle light. He smiles to himself as a twinge of excitement blooms in his chest. As he walks toward the room he can hear soft Jazz music playing, he pushes the door open and can seen a dozen or more candles lit around their bedroom. Dean loved that Cas was such a romantic and couldn't wait to see what he had in store for the evening. He walks farther into the room his eyes adjusting to the dim light and he turns to see Cas sitting with his legs crossed on the edge of the bed.
"If the boner that was pressing into my leg was any indication, I'd say he's into me." Castiel laughs, earning a disapproving look
Dean couldnt help the smile that stretched his lips. "Yea Cas, that would be fine. Here let me set it up so it will continually play the same song. That way you don't have to keep pressing play." Dean put the song on repeat and showed Cas what button to push to get it started. He also got up and changed the buds out for his good head phones. "Here Cas, these are what I wear when I listen to music as I'm going to sleep. They're durable, so don't be afraid to fall asleep with them on." Dean handed them to Cas.
Dean walked over to where he had set his bag and started pulling out cloths. "Shower's free Cas, you should clean up."
"What are you thinking?" Cas asks
A few minutes later, Dean walked out of the bathroom, with one towel wrapped around his waist and another in his hand drying his hair. Cas looked up at him, suddenly uncomfortable. Of course he had seen Dean without a shirt many times, he'd even seen him in just a towel before, but not since he became human. Dean was beautiful, Cas had always thought so, but now his body was reacting very suddenly in a way that he was not used to.
"Wow, ok, that's weird. We'll just skip this one" Dean lifts the remote to look at it.
*completed*
"No Cas, it's ok. I'm not really tired, still kind of wound up from the hunt. You are always welcome in my room. Even though I don't understand why you find my room more comfortable, yours is the exact same." Dean sat down on the edge of the bed.
Dean couldnt help but smile. "Yea Cas, its ok that you kissed me."
"Castiel, you little whore you." Jo laughs
Cas strains against the cuffs and cries out Deans name again. "Oh--f-ff--fuck! " his cock planted firmly down Dean's throat as he moans, sending shivers through Cas' body. "W--wait--WAIT" he cries out and Dean pulls back, Cas' body trembling beneath him. He watches with wonder as Cas' cock releases a steady stream of clear pre-cum, his breathing ragged as he strains against the cuffs holding his wrists.
"yes" Dean says softly.
"Fill me up Dean" Cas whines, knowing his orgasm isn't far off, he rolls his hips back greedily.
"yes" Dean says softly.
"Shit! Dean!" Cas cried out and Dean stopped, sitting up looking at him.
Cas watches Dean's body shake through his orgasm. "mmmm... found myself a dirty boy who likes it rough huh?" Cas says before smacking Dean's other ass cheek. He moans out loudly from the sting his body rolling with pleasure "More... please" Dean says softly, and Cas is more than happy to oblige, smacking his ass until he can see the red welts of his hand print raising out of the skin. He brushes his fingers over the marks lightly, earning another moan from Dean. Leaning in Cas runs his tongue over the hot irritated flesh before taking his hands and spreading his cheeks. He glides his wet tongue over Dean's pink hole, slowly circling the tight puckered ring before pressing into him. Dean lets out another breathy moan, pressing his greedy ass back into Cas' tongue, his hole fluttering around Cas' tongue as he slides it in and out of him at an agonizingly slow pace.
"I have my ways." Castiel winked at him, not realizing that Dean was being serious, but when he continued to look at him with question in his eyes, Castiel continued " I wen straight to the source." he paused "you silly. I asked you a few weeks ago. You told me what books she likes." he laughed.
Castiel spent the morning tidying up the house and then the afternoon preparing an apple (of course he remembered) pie for Dean, all the while thinking fondly on the time he had spent with the Winchesters as neighbors. And all the times Dean would come over and help him around the house in order to get his pie. Sweet adorable little Dean Winchester, only Castiel guessed that he probably wasn't little anymore. It had been nearly 6 years since the Winchesters moved. Castiel thought about it, Dean would now be nearly the same age he was when he had moved to Lawrence. That thought right there had occurred to him as the timer went off and he went to the oven, removing the pie just as the knock came at the door.
"It's all yours Cas." Dean smiled as he kissed him. "I'm all yours, if you'll have me."
"No, Cas we really don't. It isn't something you should even bother yourself with. It's my burden to bare." Dean reached around and put his hand on the angel's and immediately regretted it.
He turned onto a dirt road and found a place tucked back to park the car. There was no way he was going back to the motel without getting this taken care of first. He turned off the engine and climbed into the back seat where he'd have more room to stretch his legs. Unzipping his jeans, he reached into his boxers and wrapped his hand around his already rock hard dick and pulled it out, the cool air hitting it made him hiss and he threw his head back on the door. His thoughts returned to Cas, his angel and those eyes, that mouth, his gruff voice that seemed to elicit dirty thoughts even when Dean was trying his hardest to ignore his feelings. Dean began rubbing his hand over his length, running his thumb over the head  in between each stroke. He thought of Cas, laying next to him, watching him jerk off, of Cas tentatively reaching out and holding his hand, watching it run up and down, faster and faster. Dean moaned aloud as his palm ran over the head of his cock grabbing the bead of precum that was there and running it down the sensitive underside of his cock. He thought of Cas, and his curiosity, wanting to watch. Dean wanted to show Cas so much, he wanted to show him passion and all the delightful sins of pleasure. He wanted to see Cas wrecked, reduced to whimpers and moans  beneath him. The sounds he'd make, "Oh" Dean gasped, orgasm ripping through his body at the thought. "Oh.... Cas... *ungh*..."
Dean smiles taking the box from Cas. He's hesitant to take his eyes off Cas, because he's so damn beautiful, but he sits on the edge of the bed and pulls off the bow, lifting the lid he takes in the sight of the box's contents. He looks back up at Cas "This is for me?" he asks
Dean moaned wrapping his arm around Cas' waist and pulled him in closer, pressing his lips to Cas' collarbone. "The cleaning up part, is just an excuse for the warm water, and shower sex." he murmers against his skin, the warm water still beating down his back.
"That was.... amazing Dean." Cas says absently trailing his fingers on Dean's shoulder.
He hadn't heard Castiel walk in behind him, but he certainly felt him as his cock pressed against his ass and he wrapped his arm around grabbing his soft cock. "Are you ready for me Dean? Are you ready to scream my name?"
Castiel couldn't help the smile that spread across his face at that as he looked at Dean and just shook his head a little.
Dean furrows his brow slightly "So, am I just going to drive aimlessly, or are you going to tell me where you're staying?"
"Every day for the last 6 years I have wanted you like this." Dean said before kneeling between Castiel's legs as he scooted fully onto the bed. "The only problem is,  I don't know if I just want to quickly fuck you,  or if I want to take my time." Dean scraped his teeth gently over Castiel's collar bone,  causing him to suck a quick breath through his teeth. "I bet you make the most beautiful noises." Dean said as he ran his tongue over the now red flesh. "I can't wait to hear them all"
comment are always welcome!
"Why?"
Dean licks his lips before whispering "Everything"
Castiel chuckled "Yea, I like hearing you call out my name." he grabbed Dean's ass and dug his fingers in. "And your ass is perfect."
~No One Like You
Cas sat up in the bed, looking down at his erection and then looking over at Dean realizing he too has one. "you... you dream about this?" he asks, still trying to really grasp what's going on.
Sincerely,
Dean thought a moment, he'd really been looking forward to arguing with Castiel about the horrible movie from the night before, he hadn't even thought about his next movie. "I'm not really sure, to tell you the truth I haven't really thought about it." He paused a moment "I'm not really picky, what's the last movie you watched that truly blew your mind?"
Cas moves quickly up to Dean and grabs his hand with the remote in it. "No Dean, please, let it play. I want to listen to it with you again." Cas looks at Dean with pleading eyes.
much love to you all!!!
He starts to pull away when he hears Dean sigh and feels his arms tighten around his back. "Cas" Dean's voice comes out almost as low moan. Cas lifts his eyes to Dean's again, and he can see something shift in them, the confusion and hesitation gone, replaced by something softer. Cas takes a chance and leans in, once again pressing his lips to Dean's and this time Dean kisses him back softly. His mouth opening easily when Cas moves his tongue across his lips again, meeting Cas with his own tongue and letting out a soft moan at the contact.
"Seriously dude, things don't get much more personal than what we just did. You can ask me anything" Dean chuckled before leaning down and pressing his lips to Castiel's forehead.
"Cas?" Dean's voice came from a lot closer that it was just a moment ago. Cas looked up, eyes wet despite trying to hold back the tears. Dean looked down at him, his expression morphed from curiosity to concern as he sat on the bed next to him. "Cas, talk to me man"
"hmm?" Dean hums against his skin
" excuse us Sam." Castiel said quickly before suddenly transporting them to the room Sam and Dean had rented for the evening.
"yea." he says wrapping his arms around the other body that shares his bed. "that's the third time this week"
This MAY just be the filthiest thing I have ever written, and I'm kind of nervous about sharing it with ya'll... Please be sure to comment if you like it or think that it could use some work....
"Well, you know that foreign exchange kid? Balthazar, the dreamy one with the muscles?" She smiles and her cheeks blush even more.
Castiel looked up as Dean and Darla walked out closing the door behind them.
Cas loved the taste of him, sweet,with just a hint of the whiskey he had drank earlier lingering on his tongue. Cas moved his tongue to meet Dean's greedy one and felt him moan into his mouth. Cas' cock twitched again, and he decided there wasn't anything Dean could do that wouldn't be a complete turn on for him. He wanted him completely, but would also feel content just doing this forever. He moved his hands tentatively to Dean's hips, his soft skin warm under his hands, and then slid them up his back and pulled him feverishly into him as he hungrily kissed him deeper.
"D..dean.... ungh.... yes... love my cock in your tight ass... ngh... oh shit... I think I'm... gonna..." Cas' breath came hard and fast as Dean pushed down hard, buring his cock deep in his own ass rotating his hips, grinding down onto Cas. "Come on Cas, fill me up.... Come for me...." Dean says biting on Cas' ear. "I want to feel you come inside me.
"Dean... I ... ungh.... OH.... Ahhhh!" Cas cries out as his hip buck up into Dean, his orgasm ripping through him.
Castiel opened the oven and pulled out the apple pie with his mitted hands. He heard the knock at the door he had been waiting for. Just like always, little Dean Winchester was just in time for his pie.
Castiel only had a brief second to take in the sight before he was suddenly shoved back into the house and up against the wall. Dean's hard body pressing up against him, one leg slotted between Castiel's thighs, his face mere inches from his face. "I'm ready for my grown up kiss now Mr. Novak." Dean smiled before crushing his lips into Castiel's mouth, his tongue running along his lips until Castiel parts them giving in and letting Dean lay full claim on him.
What was going on?
"What did you mean earlier when you were talking to Sam?"
I hope you enjoyed the story! Thank you as always for taking your time to read them! (Comments always welcome!)
"I can't help it, your wings are seriously addicting Cas" Dean reached around gently running his fingers through the feathers.
"I.. I'm sorry Dean....  I..  I'll try" Castiel stuttered, pushing himself gently into Dean's body once more before turning away continuing down the hall.
Dean let out a low groan, "Ungh, Cas" as his hips jerked up at the thought. "You gonna ride me like a stallion Cas? Ride me so hard til I break?" Cas moved back rubbing his ass against Dean's cock."Oh Fuck Cas! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! I need to be inside you now!"
Dean swirled his warm tongue around his mouth as his hands wandered over his back,  hungrily pulling their bodies closer and closer. Castiel's body still trembled wanting more, needing more. Dean broke the kiss and looked in Castiel's eyes. "Cas, you're shaking" he said kissing him gently "Are you ok with this?"
"Dean, do you trust me?"
Dean moaned, rubbing his slick cock against Cas' ass, precum beading out of the tip at the sound of Castiel begging for it.He moved his hands to Cas' hips and gripped him tight, his cock rutting up against Cas' crack, not pushing in just slowly rubbing up and down, teasingly. Cas' arms gave way and he was now laying face down on the bed, his ass still straight up in the air, and Dean couldnt take it. He wanted to see Cas' face... No he needed to see his face. He backed up slightly and got a better grip on Cas' hips and flipped him quickly. A task that would not have been easy if the angel wasnt completely lost in desire.
"God yes Dean, please!" Castiel moaned beneath him.
Dean lets out a low groan, "I want you to fuck me Cas." he casts his eyes to the bed briefly before looking back up. "But you're going to have to go slow at first. I've never done this before."
"I will, Castiel is out of town for the rest of the week, so I'll be filling in."
So he’d shrug it off any time he felt the emotions boiling to the surface, and he would have continued to do so forever, if Cas had just left it alone, and not confronted him about it.
"yes Dean" Cas said softly "it feels very good when you touch my wings, but I... " he looked up at Dean again "I don't want there to be any confusion about how I feel about you, and how you make me feel." He took a step closing the distance between them.  "and I want to give you the same kind of pleasure Dean."
Dean plunged his tongue into Castiel's mouth, licking his way in and around, tasting himself on his tongue and lips. He ran his hands down Castiel's body pulling his shirt up and off, breaking the kiss only long enough for the fabric to pass between them before his mouth was ravaging Castiel's lips and jaw once more. His teeth scraping over the delicate skin of his neck, his tongue running over the red marks he had left earlier. His hands ran down Castiel's body sliding them under the waistband of the pajama pants and grabbing his ass tightly pulling him into his body as his fingers pushed in between his cheeks. Dean broke the kiss with a gasp as his fingers met the slick eager hole "mmm Cas" Dean moaned into his neck "Fuck baby, you're so sweet, you got yourself all ready for me?" Dean continued to lick and nip at his throat as Castiel pushed back into his exploring fingers, biting Dean's fingers dipped into him. Dean gripped him tightly and turned him around, lifting him onto the counter, and pulling his pants off in one swift movement. He took a step back and just looked at Castiel, sitting naked on his kitchen counter. He was never going to be able to walk into this kitchen and not see this sight. "God Cas you're so fucking beautiful"
"hmm?" Dean hums against his skin
Cas pushes Dean onto the bed, wearing only his boxers, Cas strips his own off before moving over to the bed. Dean sits up taking his full length into his mouth in one movement. Cas throws his head back gasping for air. He grabs Dean's hair and pulls his head back hard, his cock popping wetly out of his mouth. "What did I say Dean? I'm in control of this ride. Keep that up and I'm going to have to punish you." Dean looks up at him with wide eyes, his mouth still red, wet and agape from sucking Cas' cock. Cas smiles, "But I think you would like that wouldn't you Dean?"
"You too Cas. Darla, say thank you again to Cas."
"No Castiel, you can't sit there. " Darla said once the movie was in "Here daddy" she said taking Dean's hand and leading him to the couch "You sit here" Dean sat down at the end of the couch where Darla had pointed. "Now Castiel, you sit here" she pointed to the spot on the couch next to Dean" Castiel looked at Dean who just shrugged, then he scooted down the couch. "No, closer. I want to sit on both of your laps, come on Castiel scoot closer, daddy won't bite"
Castiel finished making the French toast, and delighted in the he way both Dean and Darla devoured the plate he had set on the table. After breakfast Darla asked to watch a movie, so after clearing the table, they made their way to the living room. Dean and Darla picked out a movie and Castiel got comfortable on the couch.
"thank you for the books Castiel." Darla said cheerfully.
"Oh God, Cas!"
Castiel sighed "Ok" he said, sitting up "Let's go" he pulled Dean with him off the counter and they walked passed their cloths strewn over the floor, there'd be time for them to pick up later. Right now the shower was calling their name.
Dean groaned, "Oh God Cas, yes."
Cas lets out a soft whimper at the loss of Dean's cock in his ass. He wraps his arms around Dean, afraid that at any second he's going to wake from this dream. But that doesn't happen, Dean kisses him softly as they both catch their breath. Cas smiles looking into his green eyes. "Dean?" Cas says
Dean cringes, any kind of attraction he had for the man went flying out the window, using his little brother to score a date with him, 'you've got to be kidding me' Dean thinks, but he agrees, to help Sammy out. They make the arrangements and Mr. "please call me Crowley" picks him up at 7 pm the following evening.
Cas leans in kissing him again "and I never thought anyone could ever be as sweet as you, but you keep proving me wrong too"
Castiel simply nodded his head, not trusting his voice. They got out of the car, Dean walking around to get Darla out. When she refused to wake up, Dean simply carried her, tossing Castiel the keys asking him to unlock the door for him.
"Great, get in, we're already running late"
Dean quickly ripped open the foil packet and rolled the condom on, walking back over to Castiel and taking his dick in his own hands stroking it at a slow and steady pace. "You ready for me darlin?"
"only one rule... I don't want you to finish until I tell you to. If you get close, you have to tell me to wait." Dean says mouthing down the underside of Cas' cock. "Understand that if you come before I give you permission, I will leave you here, like this, while I take care of myself" Dean shifts himself up a little, running the head of his own cock over Cas' lace clad hole, "Which means none of this" he says before laying over Cas' body, rutting their hips together, bringing his mouth to Cas' ear. "do you understand?"
Castiel took the cookies out just as Dean walked into the kitchen. He walked over and pulled out a spatula started to removed the cookies from the sheet. Castiel grabbed his wrist "Let them set for a minute"
"53 days" Castiel repeated as he walked out the door closing it behind him
Dean slides his hands down, pushing Cas' trousers and briefs to the floor at their feet. He then runs his hands over his shoulders, dropping his shirt to the floor. Dean takes a step back looks at Cas from head to toe and Cas suddenly feels the urge to run, hide, pretend this never happened. But there's a hunger in Dean's eye that keeps him standing where he is. "you're more beautiful than I imagined Cas." Dean says softly.
Dean laughed as he walked out to the dining room, calling for Darla "How's it going sweetie?" Castiel watched him, staring at his ass and thighs and thinking to himself just how sexy they were. He shook his head and looked toward the stove again as he heard Darla yell back a yes and Dean walked back into the kitchen.
"First things first tiger, we don't want you going off again just yet" he said reaching under Dean sliding the cock ring into place. Dean groans, hitching his hips into Cas' touch, which warrants another harsh slap on his ass. "greedy boy" Cas chides him as he smacks him again, Dean moaning even louder.
"I don't think Castiel Novak is quite as straight as you think he is..." She says sipping her drink again. "I've heard stories from parties he's gone to" she looks up at Dean who stood a foot taller that her. "Don't forget, I ride his bus when I go to my dad's"
Cas knows he's turning red, fearful of what he may have said as he was daydreaming about Dean, and those perfect lips on his... Cas shakes his head. "No, I'm fine, just going to go... Uh... Stretch my legs a little. This research is getting to me I guess" He stands up, thankful he still had his trench coat on, even more so that it's long enough to hide the very obvious bulge in his pants. He walks out of the library and down the hall, he may not need to sleep, but Sam and Dean had been insistent that he have his own room for when he was at the bunker with them, and right now, he was deeply grateful for that. He reaches his room, closing the door behind him and starts stripping his clothes off. He knows that if he just sits here and clears his mind that his erection will eventually go away. But the thoughts of Dean are too fresh in his mind, and he wants the release. He tosses his coat on the chair in the corner and kicks out of his shoes walking toward the bed loosening his tie. His shirt is half unbuttoned and he's reaching for his belt when he hears the door open behind him. He turns and his blue eyes meet Dean's green ones.
"But did I hurt you?"
"Tell you what, we go get cleaned up and then we can spend the day snuggled on the couch"
Dean excuses himself from the table once more, grabbing his leather jacket as he heads toward the back door once again. He hasn't given himself any time to think about what hes doing, he just needs to look into Castiel's eyes, to feel those full lips against his skin, to hear that rough sex lined voice again. When he opens the door to the back alley he doesn't see him, but suddenly there's warm breath on his ear "Are you ready for the night of your life?" Castiel asks walking past him smacking his ass. Dean's speechless, as he follows him. When he gets to the car Castiel grabs him by the waist pulling him into his body as he leans back against the car. "What's the matter beautiful, cat got your tongue?" he asks him before kissing him deeply.
"Caaas" dean whines pulling harder on his hair. "... n...need you..."
Castiel pushed hard on Dean's shoulders, forcing him forward onto the bed, Dean just barely catching himself, landing on his elbows, ass sticking up in the air. Castiel quickly slapped his ass hard, causing Dean to whelp and the groan. "Do it again Cas, Fuck! Slap my ass" Dean shifted his knees up under him, lifting is ass further, and Castiel quickly obliged, smacking his ass until he could clearly see his hand print in the pink flesh. Dean was laying flat on his chest now, soft whimpering sounds pouring out of him. Castiel leaned in, gently running first his fingers then his tongue over the raised pink flesh. As his tongue and lips soothed over the hot flesh, ran his fingers over Dean's tight hole. Dean's breath hitched and he pressed back against Castiel.
Dean pushes the door closed behind him and takes a bold move toward Cas, and Cas is certain this must still be a dream, but people who are dreaming don't know that they are dreaming right? Dean is taking another step toward him, and Cas feels his heart racing in his chest. "Cas... Can I ..." He says softly coming to a stop before him, tongue flicking over his lips as he one again looks down at Cas' hands on his belt.
Dean takes Cas' hand pulling him closer. "I would never" he says sincerely as he slides a hand around Cas' back pulling their bodies together, their mouths less than an inch apart. "Let me show you" Dean whispers just before pressing his lips to Cas' and Cas swears he sees fireworks.
"Hello Dean" he says and Dean swallows hard, taking in the sight of him. His eyes trail up from the floor catching sight of the black high heeled pumps he's wearing, to the black fishnets stretched around his amazing long muscular legs clear up to his thighs where they are being held in place by the garters from the black corset that was wrapped tightly around Cas' torso. The tip of Cas' hard cock was peeking out the top of the pair of lacy black panties he was wearing.
"Nothing! There's nothing wrong with Cas! He's perfect, he's kind and gentle, his heart is always in the right place. Kind of goofy and childish at times, which somehow makes him even more perfect. Not to mention, hello Angel, which ya know equals total badass! And yes, those eyes of his, piercing blue, the way he can look right into your soul and see exactly what your thinking before you do. The way his voice, so gravelly sends chills down your spine every time he so much as says hello." Dean took a deep breath and looked at Sam, who was now smiling at him. "Cas is perfect Sam, but he's not your perfect, he's mine ok! You cannot be in love with Cas, because I... well, because I need him ok."
"So, you have Darla every other year?"
Dean smiled licking his lips "hell yea Cas." he said before pulling the angel in for a deep wet kiss.
Darla saw Dean at the door way and bounded toward him "Daddy! Daddy! Look! Santa came! And Castiel stayed over too! This is the best Christmas day ever! Can we open our gifts?" she said pulling at his t-shirt guiding him toward the tree.
"Wow, ok, that's weird. We'll just skip this one" Dean lifts the remote to look at it.
Castiel placed one hand on his cock holding it in place as Dean lowered himself down. He watched Dean's face carefully as his heat enveloped him slowly. He hadn't realized he was even holding his breath until Dean was fully seated on his hips and the air escaped his lungs in gust. Dean swallowed hard and let out a low moan. "Oh god." he breathed, leaning forward slightly, resting his forehead against Castiel's "you feel amazing" Dean's tongue flicked out over his bottom lip before sucking it in between his teeth. His hips moved a little as his muscles relaxed around Castiel.
A little longer than I usually do for my drabbles.... but I wanted to give you the good stuff... (yes I mean you Skye :*)
So I worked on this today... Literally just sat and wrote, I didnt even have time to go back over it... I may edit and add/change some things later... but wanted to post if for ya'll any way!
"Well yea, I mean, think about it. Cas is great, he's been there for us so many times. He tries his hardest to help whenever he can, even if sometimes he sometimes strays in his attempts." Sam hadn't even looked up at Dean, he was still staring at the screen on his laptop.
Cas blushes "every night since I've been here" he admits.
" I only asked, because..." Cas' eyes shift away shyly. I was just thinking, that maybe we could..."
"And what's the first Dean?" Castiel asked, his breathing already quickening.
Dean smiled, "This is what I meant. Sam can't have you cuz I need you Cas, you're mine." he pulled their bodies closer together "Now what do you say we take this to my bedroom and do it again, and this time we'll loose the cloths." he said running his hand up Cas' body, catching him by the collar of his trench coat "Well maybe we'll keep the coat." he said with a wink.
"I.. I'm sorry Dean.... I.. I'll try" Castiel stuttered, pushing himself gently into Dean's body once more before turning away continuing down the hall.
"So, do you want to go to church with us tonight?" Dean asked with a smirk.
Cas licked and lapped at the hole , pushing his tongue inside of Dean, before licking his fingers and pressing them in as well. He pushed and pulled, scissoring his fingers, opening Dean up, getting him nice and ready for his cock.
"Now I need you more than ever,
"Yea?" Dean says looking up into Cas' eyes.
It was Christmas Eve and Castiel was making his last minute rounds to friends' houses distributing gifts and cookies before heading back to his own empty apartment. His family, not being Christian, didn't celebrate Christmas, instead celebrating the Winter solstice. The family had gathered the weekend before and he'd had an amazing evening full of laughter and love with all of his brothers and sisters and the sea of nieces and nephews.
"ready to play a little game?" Dean asks as he pulls the panties down just far enough to expose the full length of his hard cock.
It took Castiel a moment to realize where he was when he opened his eyes. He was laying alone on the couch with a blanket draped over him. Darla was sitting on the floor in front of the tree staring in awe at the gifts that now surrounded it.
The blue eyed man smiled, "I get off in a half hour. Think you can put up with the old creep until then? I promise I can show you a better time than he will." He ran his tongue over the shell of Dean's ear sending a shutter through his body. Dean bit his lip and nodded his head. "good, watch for me by the kitchen door, I'll give you a wave when I'm leaving and you can meet me out back." He pressed his lips against Dean's neck biting gently, "I'm gonna make you feel so good." he said grinding his hips against Dean's. He nipped at his lip before opening the door to go back inside. "Name's Castiel by the way" he said over his shoulder before disappearing behind another door inside. Dean stood shocked, and excited... and he didn't care that Sammy was going to get suspended, he wasn't letting this blue eyed angel get away.
"I have no where else to go Dean. You kicked me out remember?" Cas said lightly, but once he said the words out loud an angry fire began to burn in him, and he couldn't stop. "You left me stranded, I've done the best I can, and now you're here telling me it isnt good enough. Well, Fuck you Dean, I'm trying. I'm alone, the world is a cold place, and you, you shoved me out here alone." He hated the harshness his voice carried, but it needed to be said. "Just take me back to the gas station and go on your way. I'm no longer your problem." He shifted in his seat away from Dean and looked back out the window. Waiting for Dean to either say something, or simply start driving again. He did the latter.
"God, yes Cas, please" Dean said in a hushed tone.
Cas pulls fromt he kiss, looking into Dean's eyes. "Fuck me" he says barely more than a whisper.
Dean lets out a small sigh, "Yea ok Cas, but just once. Then we are listening to something else." He lets his hand fall to his lap, hyper aware that Cas has not yet let it go. His hands are still warm from the hot dish water and still a little damp. Dean looks up at Cas as he starts to hum along with the lyrics.
So here they are sitting in this nice restaurant, Dean trying not to be disgusted with his "date" and his rude, crass comments. Especially about and to their waiter, a very attractive man with blue yes and dark hair, and the most beautiful full lips he'd ever seen. Sure, he was thinking about how amazing those lips would be pressed against his, and how they would look wrapped around his cock, but he would never state it out loud, especially to the guy. Crowley was a rude pompas ass, and Dean was silently cursing Sam for getting him into this mess. Half way through their meal, after countless remarks, their waiter was changed for a young blonde woman, and the remarks stopped. Crowley didn't have much left to say, and Dean was tired of trying to keep a conversation going with someone who was literally making him sick to his stomach. He set down his fork and excused himself to the restroom.
He should be terrified, but nothing in his life had ever felt more right. Dean broke the kiss and once again looked into Cas' eyes. "Cas..."
"What about him?" Dean asks, of course he knew who she was talking about, she talked about him all the time... all the girls talked about the smooth talking exchange student fom France. Dean wasn't so impressed by Balthazar, sure he would admit that he was very attractive, but there was just something a little off , even though Dean couldn't quite pinpoint what that was. He looked across the room and noticed how close the two of them were standing next to each other.
"You're welcome Dean"
When Dean came back out he had two bottles of beer and he handed one to Castiel. He immediately took a swig, causing Dean to chuckle again. When Castiel pulled the bottle away from his mouth he smiled at Dean, who then took the bottle back from him. Castiel cocked his head to the side in question as Dean set both bottles on the stand by the tv. He turned back around and smiled softly at him.
Dean took Cas' belt into his hands and made quick work of unfastening it and pulling it free from his pants, he threw it across the room and Cas' eyes followed, but quickly returned their attention to the sight of Dean kneeling naked between his legs. Dean's fingers slowly unbuttoned Cas' pants which were tented by Cas' erect cock then he slid the zipper down. Cas' thick cock popped out as soon as the zipper was out of the way, laying hard against his stomach and Dean smirked, looking up at Cas once again. "Commando, huh Cas? That is so hot"
"Yea Cas?" he says after a moment. He still trying to grasp what just happened. Cas had finally kissed him, really kissed him. It was taking all of his energy not to flip Cas over and take him.
Castiel grabbed dean's hips and stopped his movement. "Dean, wait." Castiel said moving his head to look at Dean. "Are you telling me you're a virgin?"
Dean came hard with a scream, white cum spurting from his cock coating both of their stomachs and chests. Muscles spasmed around his cock and Castiel soon joined him in orgasm, still thrusting as deep into Dean as he could get. Castiel let out a mangled cry and collapsed on top of Dean as they both tried to steady their breath.
"Shit! Dean!" Cas cried out and Dean stopped, sitting up looking at him.
"What happened?" He asks
"I find your room more comfortable than mine. I thought since you weren't here, I would just sleep here. But now that your back, I can go back to my room, so you can get some sleep." Cas stood up. "I'm sure you're tired"
"Dean?" She asks "Why are you calling me so early?"
"Can we do that again?" He asks
Cas blinks his eyes, shaking his head slightly as he looks at Dean across the table. He notices his hand is on his neck rubbing lightly and he quickly drops it into his lap. "hmm?" he manages
"That sounds good to me" Castiel hummed, pressing his face into Dean's neck.
Cas bit his lip and moved his hand to Dean's shoulder, pausing for a brief moment on the mark, causing a wild shock through his body. He then ran his hand down the length of Dean's arm to his hand and took a hold of it, gently moving it further down, past his cock, over his testicles, slowly over the stretch of skin between them and his tight puckered hole. Cas stopped, pressing Dean's fingers against the tight warm flesh there, and pushed his hips up to meet them.
Leaving Jenny's house he went on his way to his last stop before heading home. It was already dark out and he took a moment to look at the beautiful lights that decorated the houses down the street. He had grown up in this town, and he really loved it dearly. His phone chimed with a text message : "Dean - We're home, just come on up" Castiel smiled and started the car.
Dean kissed his mouth hard before moving his lips over his jawline, kissing and nipping his way down his neck to his collarbone, stopping a few times to suck deep remarks into his skin, pulling the dirtiest moans from Castiel, which only encouraged him to continue.
Darla raced out to the kitchen and Cas followed, taking off his coat and hanging it on the back of the stool that sat next to the counter. Darla had already opened the oven door when he got there and he could see the cookies were indeed done.ordering on too done.
"me too" he winks just as Meg came through the doors.
Cas lowers his head, breaking eye contact as he licks the taste of Dean off his lips, sucking the lower one in savoring it before he speaks. "I'm..." he starts, hes... he's what exactly? sorry? no, he's not sorry... he wants Dean, he'll never be sorry for that. "I just wanted to know what that was like. I... I'm just lonely Dean. I've been so alone, and I've missed you." Cas looked watching Dean's face soften. "I'm not going to say sorry, I'm not sorry that I kissed you. I've wanted to do that for a long time, and since I lost my grace, since becoming human, those feelings have only grown stronger, you are all I think about." Cas waits for Dean to reply and Dean just stares at him. "It's ok Dean. You don't have to say anything. I just...I just couldn't hold back anymore. You were here, you were holding me, and that felt so nice. After all of those years of me comforting you, it felt nice to have you do that for me. And you're leaving me again, I just wanted to take a little bit to carry with me... It does...."
"No, sweetie, we're going to dive around and look at Christmas lights after."
Dean spends the rest of the car ride trying not to jump on Cas, the anticipation is driving him mad, especially with Cas' hand running over his thigh, brushing across his jean clad erection. And Dean's moans just seem to further encourage the action. Luckily Cas doesn't live far, and they are both scrambling for the front door to his apartment within five minutes of leaving the parking lot.
They both gasped for air as the kiss broke for a second before their mouths smashed together again.  Dean led Castiel backward toward the bed,  and when he felt the edge against the back of his legs,  Dean did this amazing thing with his tongue in his mouth before breaking the kiss once again and pushing Castiel gently back. He fell softly onto the bed,  eyes wide watching Dean's lust filled eyes drag over his body.
"Dean, are you... " Cas started in a low voice.
"mmmhmmm... And?" Charlie pushes further.
There was something more intense about this dream than the other's he'd had before. Something more solid to the feeling of Cas next to him, the way his breath came faster as Dean continued to stroke his cock, his hips hitching into his touch. Cas moaned and Dean felt it vibrate through his body, causing him to shudder. That hadn't happened before, and he liked it. He moved his body, rolling Cas to his back as he continued to stroke him, sliding his leg over Cas' and griding into Cas' thigh. He peppered soft kisses and gentle nibbles over Cas' neck and down his collarbone. He dipped his head a little lower taking his nipple into his mouth and Cas' moaned again, a dirty little moan that if Dean wasn't already rock hard, would have made him so in an instant. Dean nibbled lightly on his nipple before sliding his body over Cas', stradling his waist, rubbing their cocks together. He slid his hips forward reaching behind him to hold Cas' cock in place. The beauty of dreams was no prep was needed, things just happened, Dean pressed the head of Cas' cock against his ass and felt the burn of the stretch and resistance. His breath caught as he looked down at Cas' beautiful blue eyes, wide looking up at him. It was in that moment Dean realized, this was no dream.
"C'mon Cas.You gotta talk to me man. Please, I've never seen you like this. You gotta tell me whats going on." Cas rest his head on Dean's chest, relishing in the rumble as Dean spoke softly to him. He shifted in closer, seeking out Dean's comfort and warmth and before he knew it he was practically curled up into Dean's lap, arms wrapped around his back. He was waiting for Dean to pull away at any moment, but he didn't, he just let Cas cry in his arms, his hand absently stoking his hair.
Cas blinks his eyes, shaking his head slightly as he looks at Dean across the table. He notices his hand is on his neck rubbing lightly and he quickly drops it into his lap. "hmm?" he manages
"Hey Cas, Thanks for coming by" He smiled, and Castiel felt his heart start beating a little faster.
Cas grabs the bottle and quickly opens it then squeezes a good amount of lube out onto Dean's fingers. "That's good baby, now lay back. This is going to be a little cold, and theres going to be pressure, but dont fight me" Dean slowly licks into his mouth again as he lowers his hand between Cas' legs, fingers quickly finding their place, and circling around Cas' tightness, teasing before slowly pressing into him.
"Thank you" Dean said as he took the gift, watching Darla rip into the paper.
"Hey Cas" Dean said taking a step forward. Cas obviously was going to ignore what had just happened, hell, maybe he hadnt woken up til after he put his pants on any way. Either way, Dean was more than happy to move on. "Not that I mind, but why are you sleeping in here? Don't you like your room?"
Cas looks at him wide eyed as he takes off his clothes. His eyes going straight to Dean's hard thick cock bobbing between his legs as Dean kicks off his pants and boxer briefs. Cas sits up on the bed reaching out to Dean, pulling him close as his mouth latches onto his cock, taking him in completely. This time it's Dean who moans with pleasure as Cas bobs his head up and down his length. Deans fingers weave into his hair as he pulls Cas' head back, mouth sliding off his cock with a pop. Dean leans in kissing Cas' now red and wet lips, pushing him forward as they lay back on the bed. Dean fits himself between Cas' legs and grinds their hips togther, cocks sliding agaist each other. They both moan into the kiss, Cas' hand sliding around deans body to his ass, fingers digging in.
Dean flinched, he hadn't expected him to say anything, and to be honest he was still thrown by the boy's nearly identical looks to Castiel, but if nothing else had given this boy away as not being Castiel, it was his voice. He turned toward him and smiled. "Yes, I do enjoy independent films" he paused then asked "how about yourself?"
"You dream about us?" Cas inquires further.
Dean winked at him, "Your birthday will be here before you know it." He kissed him again quickly before heading out of the room and down the stairs, gathering their clothing as he went. They stood in the foyer and got dressed, kissing each other often in between putting on pieces of clothing. When they were full dressed and Castiel had his shoes on, they stepped into the living room to find Jimmy sitting on the couch flipping through channels on the tv.
"Yes Dean?" Cas turned toward him and smiled.
"I know Cas' I was just taking a moment to thank him. Without him, I wouldn't be able to have you like this right now." He knelt down with his knee between Cas' legs and kissed him.
Castiel found that he desperately needed to watch as Dean slowly pulled away his pants,  leaving him laying in just his boxer briefs,  his cock straining against the fabric. The look on Dean's face as he stared at the bulge between his legs was one of awe. Suddenly Dean's green eyes met his blue ones and Castiel thought there was a flicker of hesitation in them.  But if it was there,  it was gone just as quickly as it had appeared. Dean ran his hands up Castiel's legs coming to rest on his thighs,  before leaning in and gently rubbing first his nose and then his lips over Castiel's erection.
"She is, and I am sure if you were to walk over there right now..." Dean begins, unable to finish his sentence as Charlie had already stood and was making her way over to the bar.
"Cas..." Dean's voice broke. "You deserve..."
I've even taken to avoiding walking past his building, even though it means I have to cross the street twice in order to avoid it on my way to the post office. Which is what I was doing yesterday when all of a sudden, there he was, standing right before me as I opened the door. The air rushed out of my lungs as I looked up at his face, a faint bruise still surrounding his eye, his beautiful green eyes. I licked my lips as I looked at his beautiful, kissable pink ones, the cut on his lip barely noticeable. I heard him clear his throat and met his eyes again and managed a soft smile.
It was Christmas Eve and Castiel was making his last minute rounds to friends' houses distributing gifts and cookies before heading back to his own empty apartment. His family, not being Christian, didn't celebrate Christmas, instead celebrating the Winter solstice. The family had gathered the weekend before and he'd had an amazing evening full of laughter and love with all of his brothers and sisters and the sea of nieces and nephews.
"Even without my grace I can feel you Dean. I feel your longing, and I wanted to comfort you. I didn't know that this was what you were longing for though. I could have never dreamed this." he smiles softly.
"mmmm ... Dean.... Ah! you feel so good, I like the way you fuck me.... I can't wait to fuck you... mmmm ma... mmmmm make you feel this good..." Cas moaned out in between ragged breaths....
Castiel absently ran his hand over Dean's chest. "Jimmy and I helped each other discover, without judgment, who we are sexually. Guess that's the best part about being a twin. Before tonight though, Jimmy and I haven't so much as shared a kiss since we turned 16. I love him, obviously and am grateful for everything he's done for me, but we aren't together or anything. Besides, Jimmy actually prefers women." Castiel took note of the confusion on Dean's face. "I know, it really took me by surprise too."
"Alright then, why don't you come on over and sit on the bed, I'll grab my ipod" Dean chuckled as Cas tilted his head in that adorable way he always did when he didnt understand something. He explained as best he could so Cas would understand what it was, as he walked over to his dresser and grabbed it and the ear buds that he hated. But it would be very difficult for both of them to ear one set of headphones. He made a mental note to pick up a docking station.
"you are welcome sweetie. Can I have a hug?" Castiel knelt down and Darla wrapped her arms around him.
Dean obliges before once again lowering himself between his legs. His lips, tongue and teeth teasing the skin all around his cock, without giving any attention to the pulsing hot member, inches from his face.
Dean looks up, his green eyes lust blown "So beautiful Cas." he says before lifting Cas' leg over his shoulder, exposing the puckered pink flesh.
Castiel watched as the Winchesters pulled away from him, Dean sitting in the back watching and waving as they drove down the street. He sighed, thinking about Dean's confession. He had no idea Dean felt that way, he was such a good kid, and Castiel was really going to miss him and the rest of the family, and he really was going to miss making them pies.
It was another moment or two when Darla came back in the living room with a plate of cookies in one hand and a glass of milk in the other. She set them on the small table next to the tree and turned to Castiel. "Castiel, will you be here in the morning after Santa comes?"
Cas growls spinning them around and pushing Dean against the car. He lavishes kisses along his neck, scraping his teeth across his collar bone. As he slides his thigh in between Dean's legs, Dean lets out a soft moan, grinding his hardening cock down into him. "Easy there tiger" Cas says nibbling his ear. "What do you say we take this back to my place?"
"Mr. Winchester, please have a seat" Mr. McLeod said pointing to the chair in front of his desk. Dean sits down and waits for him to fill him in on what happened with Sam. Dean could hardly believe Sam would hit anyone, but being as he did, there must have been a damn good reason for it.
Dean smirked. "Cas, just for future reference, you never have to thank me for sex."
After finding a name for Darla's penguin that wasn't already taken and each of them eating a cookie, Darla went to get ready for church. Castiel sat on one of the stools by the island watching Dean as he cleaned up.
please forgive spelling and or grammer errors...I was excited about finishing this and wanted to share!
He let out another little moan as his hips began moving, slowly in small circles to start, but soon he was lifting his hips up and slamming them back down, spearing himself on Castiel's cock so hard and fast Castiel nearly forgot how to breathe. Dean's soft moans turned into needy desperate ones as he pushed Castiel down onto his back and rode him at a full gallop.
"Yea, we kind of kissed in the alley." Castiel sighs "I don't know what came over me Jo, he's just... so..." Castiel sighs again. "I want him Jo... and I definitely don't want him going home with that old creep"
Dean smiles to himself "Such a kinky angel I have" he says as he smacks his ass again, his hips not slowing in their thrusts as he quickly approaches his own orgasm. "you gonna come for  me again?" Dean growls into Cas' ear as he lays his body forward, teeth lightly grazing the skin.
Dean took a moment to really take in the sight of Cas laying on the bed, naked from the waist up. It was the first time he had ever seen this much of the angel's skin, and it was beautiful, perfectly tan, and stretched just right over the muscles and bones beneath. He found himself wondering about Cas' true form and how all of that power could be shoved down into this vessel, this perfect vessel that was made just for him. His mind flickered for a moment to Jimmy Novak and everything that he had sacrificed for Castiel, and his eyes flicked up to meet Cas'
"Why not?" Jimmy asked as he stepped closer. "We're all intelligent adults, who are more than capable of making our own decisions" He stopped less than a foot in front of him "Tell us you don't want this and we'll leave."
By the time the movie was over, both Jimmy and Castiel were sitting up and very close to him. They turned to face him and discussed the movie, just like any other night at the store, except this time there was no interruptions and the movie was fresh in their minds. They all agreed that they enjoyed the film.
Dean smiles at the noise, and uses his hands to tip Cas' head back, wetting his hair as he runs his fingers through it. "Doesn't that feel good Cas?" He answers Dean with a soft moan, his eyes closed, lips parted slightly. Dean continues to run one hand through Cas' hair as the other runs down over his chest and settles back around his waist, pulling him in even closer as he nips at Cas' neck, sucking hard, leaving it red, and pulling another long low moan from his mouth.
Castiel sighed, leaning back into him, tilting his head back, allowing Dean access to place soft kisses on his neck. "Dean, if you keep this up, there won't be any breakfast, and Darla is in the other room." He allowed Dean once more nibble at his neck before shrugging out of his embrace and turning to face him.
"I did, you didn't respond, so I turned it away, trust me Meg, it was trash" Dean says standing his ground.
Dean lets out a groan as Cas begs for more, his hips rolling his ass back onto Dean's cock. He grips Cas' hips and snaps his hips hard into him, and if the cry that falls from Cas' lips is any indication, he's hit his prostate straight on. He continues the relentless pace, the room filling with the sound of their skin slapping together and the occasional sharp cry of pleasure from his beautiful angel.
"Well I got off work and Jimmy and I both wanted to watch this." Castiel held up a new movie, one that Dean had been wanting to see. "We thought you'd probably like it, so we decided we'd bring snacks and see if you wanted to watch it with us." Castiel smiled again and nodded toward Jimmy.
"How's that feel baby? Hmmm" Dean whispered leaning over him and kissing his chest, fingers still expertly thrusting in and out of him.
"C'mon Cas.You gotta talk to me man. Please, I've never seen you like this. You gotta tell me whats going on." Cas rest his head on Dean's chest, relishing in the rumble as Dean spoke softly to him. He shifted in closer, seeking out Dean's comfort and warmth and before he knew it he was practically curled up into Dean's lap, arms wrapped around his back. He was waiting for Dean to pull away at any moment, but he didn't, he just let Cas cry in his arms, his hand absently stoking his hair.
Dean bit his lip and moaned, pressing his ass back into Castiel as he rutted against him. "yes, god yes, please Cas, make me scream."
Dean smiles wickedly, pressing hard into him again, "Sure thing Cas." He plants another hard kiss on Castiel's lips. "So where is this bedroom you mentioned?"
"Um, why?"
Dean smiled, running his tongue over Castiel's nipples and then down his body. He gently kissed the tip of his cock, which twitched eagerly at the contact. Dean growled hungrily before grabbing the base of it with his free hand and taking the head into his mouth. When a whole new sound of desperation escaped Castiel's lips, Dean took him into his mouth fully, and a little too eagerly, his eyes watered as he choked around Castiel's cock. "Damn Cas, you make that look so easy"
"Yes yes yes!" Darla said jumping up and down. Castiel helped her into the car before getting in himself. He couldn't remember the last time he just drove around looking at lights. It had to of been when he was a kid. The best part was listening to Darla in the back seat ooh-ing and aww-ing at them all. They drove around town before heading out driving down some back roads finding some really pretty ones. Darla sang Christmas carols in the back seat, coaxing Dean and Castiel to join her in a few of them. They drove around for over an hour and at some point Darla had completely passed out.
Cas' head rolls back as he cries out Dean's name again. "Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" he says pushing back into Dean as far as he can with his wrists still bound.
"Yea?" Castiel asked, watching a touch of disappointment flicker across Dean's face, he stepped in closer, bringing his mouth to his "A kiss can be even deadlier if you mean it" he said pressing his lips into Dean's. "Merry Christmas Dean"
Cas smiled softly against Dean's lips as he kissed him again. "That really wouldnt be conducive to our job, now would it Dean?" Cas broke the kiss, moving to Dean's neck. "But I promise, whenever we are like this, I will never have cloths on." He licked his way up Dean's neck and grazed his teeth over his ear lobe. "But I will have to insist you do the same." He said before biting a little harder, eliciting a loud moan from Dean's lips.
"Yea, I guess I was." Cas sat up, realizing that he had a blanket covering him, he quirked an eyebrow at Dean.
Castiel let out a chuckle and planted a wet kiss on his lips. "You may have to give me just as little while. But yea we can do that again."
After a while, Cas' tears subside and when he feels calm he leans back and looks up at Dean. His heart thuds loudly in his chest as he admires Dean from this angle, and the kindness in his eyes. Cas watches as Dean's tongue flicks across his lips, it happens all so suddenly, Cas hasn't even had time to think, but suddenly his lips are pressed against Dean's, his tongue searching out the taste of him. He feels Dean tense up slightly beneath him, but Cas doesnt relent. This may be his only chance to taste him, to know what Dean feels like in his arms. Dean's leaving him again anyway, so what the hell.
Cas had taken to hanging out with Dean in his room when the boys weren't on a case, even though he had his own room. If it were anyone else, Dean may be more than a little irritated, but this was Cas. After the fall Dean had found him wandering on the side of a back road. Whether it be random luck or divine intervention, Dean couldnt decide. All he knew was he was happy to have the former angel safe where he could keep an eye on him. And if Cas wanted to hang out in his room with him, that was perfectly fine, it saved him all kinds of anxiety about what kind of trouble he could get into, even within the confines of the bunker.
Ok, so I'm gonna say sorry that I've left you where I did, but please hear me out, I do have a reason for it!
Later that night, Dean dreams of blue eyes.
Cas looks up at him, popping his cock out of his mouth, running his tongue down the underside as he lifts Dean's leg over his shoulder. His tongue glides over Dean's balls before slowly circling his tight puckered hole. He hears Dean hiss above him and he looks up to check his expression. "Too much?" he asks
"Thank you." Castiel threw back the blanket and stood, coming face to face with Dean, he felt the blood rushing to his cheeks and ears and he swallowed hard. God he was so beautiful.
There was a long moment before Dean realized he had stopped breathing. Hearing Cas say those words, even though he feared they were coming, was like a knife to his heart. He just wanted to keep ahold of his feelings, what harm could they do if they were just in his mind. But if there was some way that Cas knew, and it was effecting him. Then he'd have to give them up, he's have to let go and give in to the numbness inside.  Dean finally took a breath,and his hand went to his face in a quick movement, like he was wiping the emotions away.
"Dammit Cas, lets just forget all about this... can you please just leave." Dean says taking a step closer to the bed.
Dean lifted his head and ran his eyes up Castiel's body, flushed and painted with love bites, up to his face, his lips pink and swollen and his eyes intensely looking into Dean's. "I'll make it good baby, I promise. Gonna make you feel so good."
Castiel stood back up and faced Dean, who held his arms out to him and pulled him into a hug. It took Castiel by surprise, they had never hugged before. Castiel relaxed a little into Dean's embrace and took a deep breath, breathing in the subtle smell of his after shave. Before he realized what he was doing he let out a soft sigh, and then suddenly embarrassed, he let go of Dean and took a step back.
"Didn't I tell you Jimmy. Didn't I tell you that very first night, I knew he was going to be perfect." Castiel moved down beside Dean and kissed him. "I told Jimmy he could have first ride on your cock. But I'm going to be the first one to tap that fine ass of yours." Castiel leaned down and took Dean's nipple into his mouth, first sucking then biting down hard, before soothing his tongue over it. "How does that sound Dean, want me to fuck you so hard I can make you come again, even after Jimmy milks you soft with his tight ass?" Castiel looked up at Dean with his brilliant blue eyes.
Dean licked his lips, a smirk pulling the corner of his mouth "Yea? what else did you learn from the pizzaman Cas?" he said teasingly.
Dean felt like he was in a dream, lost in the pleasure still surging through his body as they both lay there, riding their climaxes together. Reality crashing in as Cas stood up and backed away from him. Dean pushed himself up off the table, turning to face Castiel, who was zipping up his pants, and straightening his clothing, eyes cast to the floor. Dean bent down and pulled up his jeans, when he looked up again, Cas was looking at him.
Cas moved his hand up, grabbing Dean on the shoulder where he had left his mark on him. Dean felt the surge of Cas' thoughts and emotions. Words would never be enough for Dean to know what he had ever done to be where they are right now. But feeling Cas inside him like this, it all made sense. There was never any other way, this was the way it was supposed to be. Every action either of them had ever made was leading them to that moment when Cas found him in Hell and raised him out. They were a part of each other, neither complete without the other. It was destiny, fate and all those other words that Dean never believed in before. But here, now, with Cas in his arms, he knew that there could never be any other way. This was it, if ever he was going to be happy, it was going to be like this.
Dean snaps his head and looks at Cas, "Are you telling me that you've been living in the back room of a gas station!?" Dean pulls to the side of the road when Cas doesn't answer right away. He throws the car in park and turns to face him. "Cas? Answer me... are you?"
"Just... Cas, can you please leave? I can't..." Dean huffs a loud sigh as he finally looks back at Cas. "Yes"
Castiel barely had the time to process the words before Dean pressed his lips against Castiel's. It was soft and sweet, without any urgency. Castiel closed his eyes and let himself get lost in the moment. He let out a soft whimper when Dean broke the kiss. When he opened his eyes he saw that Dean was staring at him with a soft smile.
"What the hell Dean?" Sam said suddenly and Dean snapped his head to look at him.
"You can't stay cooped up in your apartment all the time. It's not healthy" My sister scolded. "And stop thinking about him, he's gone sweetie, and you need to move on. Your perfect someone is out there, but you'll never find him if you're holed up in that damn apartment all the time."
"Anything Cas."
Castiel placed a hand on his shoulder caringly. "Yea, come on in Dean. It just came out of the oven." They walked to the kitchen and Dean climbed up on the stool waiting for his first slice.
A sudden wave of pleasure overcame him and this time it was he who moaned. "Fuck Cas, what was that?" Dean asked once he trusted his voice.
"Are you just gonna stand there and stare at me all day, or are you gonna get over here and fuck me?" Castiel scooted back on the counter a little and pulled his legs up, exposing his wet and ready hole. "Its all yours Dean." he said as he ran his own hand between his leg pushing two fingers into his ass, throwing his head back with a moan.
"I'd love to stay." Castiel said, un-buttoning his jacket.
D- door's open come on up
I just wanna be loved by you"
Castiel moaned again snuggling further into Dean's neck in protest.
I think I finally found Cas' voice. I have been itching to work on this so much the last week, but with work it's been hard to find the time to really get into the headspace to write.
"Fucking fuck Cas!" he heard Dean groan above him and he smiled. Scooting on his knees he guided Dean around until he was leaning against the counter, the last thing he needed was for Dean to fall and give himself a concussion. And if he was already losing his balance, Cas would hate to think what would happen when he continued. Because Castiel was just getting started.
He runs to the break room grabbing a pen and paper, jotting down a quick note.
Hope ya'll enjoy it!
"So I can cut out a few minutes early then?"
"Your phone was on 'do not disturb'" Dean says as he walks over to the desk "the photos are here" he says turning on the computer. "Unless he's taken them to the dump where they belong, I'm sure he still has them, if you're that interested. No one else in their right mind would want the garbage he was peddling."
" I try" Cas says as he bites his lip.
Dean's eyes fly open and he sits up in bed, his heart pounding in his chest. He's trying to catch his breath as he feels a hand run up his back soothingly. He turns his head and smiles, laying back down taking the hand in his own, kissing it softly before holding it over his heart.
Dean ran his hand over Castiel's chest and to his stomach. "What do you say we jump in the shower and get cleaned up?"
"Dean" Castiel growled stepping toward him with a deep hunger in his eyes.
"No Castiel, you can't sit there. " Darla said once the movie was in "Here daddy" she said taking Dean's hand and leading him to the couch "You sit here" Dean sat down at the end of the couch where Darla had pointed. "Now Castiel, you sit here" she pointed to the spot on the couch next to Dean" Castiel looked at Dean who just shrugged, then he scooted down the couch. "No, closer. I want to sit on both of your laps, come on Castiel scoot closer, daddy won't bite"
"you ok Cas?" Dean said "That wasn't to forward of me was it?" His hold on him started to loosen as he went to back away.
I really thought that this was going to be the last chapter... but I find myself wanting a little more... I hope ya'll feel the same way!
"Yea Cas?"
"Well something's got your panties in a bunch." She chuckles playing with her napkin, very obviously resisting the urge to look over at the bar.
"So I can cut out a few minutes early then?"
"Cas.... oh god.... Cas..." Dean moaned softly
"Cas, I... Uh..." Dean started and Cas shook his head
Dean reaches into the box and grabs the black fuzzy cuffs holding them up. "Want me to use these on you?" He asks
A requested drabble...
Let's spend the night together."
"Yea , come on Cas" Dean said reaching around his shoulders and pulling him in closer. "I'll save the biting for later" he whispered before Cas snuggled into him and Darla crawled up onto his lap. She snuggled in under Dean's other arm, her legs draped over both of their legs. They all settled in and watched the movie, Dean absently running his fingers through Castiel's hair the whole time.
Cas stares at Dean unsure what to do, he isn't leaving and the way he's looking at him, Cas swears if he doesn't stop, he's going to cum in his pants. He takes a breath, "Dean can you ... Um..."
"hey Darla, why don't you ask Cas if he wants to stay for some cookies?"
They both gasped for air as the kiss broke for a second before their mouths smashed together again.  Dean led Castiel backward toward the bed,  and when he felt the edge against the back of his legs,  Dean did this amazing thing with his tongue in his mouth before breaking the kiss once again and pushing Castiel gently back. He fell softly onto the bed,  eyes wide watching Dean's lust filled eyes drag over his body.
When he's alone again Dean sits on the stool by his laptop, trying to process what was happening to him. On one hand he was pissed at Meg, he hated how she treated him like he didn't know what he was doing, even though she was never there to run her own business. On the other hand he felt a spark of something burning in his gut as he thought about the way Cas had looked at him. Those eyes still got to him after all these years.
Dean looked up at Cas, his pupils blown wide as he raced toward orgasm. "MmM Cas..." He whined "I'm so close... Oh... Cas.... harder... please.... harder.... ooohh!"
"God, yes Cas, please" Dean said in a hushed tone.
A smile slowly spreads across his face before Dean answers. "Prayed to you to come to me, so I could make it real." He slipped his tongue into Cas' mouth hungrily. "I don't know how I ever survived this long without knowing how you taste. How your body feels against mine. I never want to go a single day without having you with me Cas. I want to be able to touch you whenever I want, to taste your mouth, your skin. To fee l your warmth, always, I want you always."
Castiel swallowed hard and looked over at Dean who was standing in the doorway. "Uh, I don't know sweetie."
"praise thee, the bringer of the box" Cas says, biting his lip.
Dean smiled deviously and placed the pie on the night stand. He turned and gathered Castiel into his arms kissing him deeply with renewed passion. "That sounds like a deal. Have I ever told you that you make the best pie ever? It's the second most delicious thing I have ever tasted." Dean smiled again before taking Castiel's mouth into his again, grinding his already hardening cock against his thigh.
"You know how badly I want to kiss you right now Cas?" Dean whispered, his hand softly trailing up Castiel's arm, sending so very through his body. "Please tell me you'll stay today? Darla goes back to her mom's at noon. We can spend the afternoon together." Dean flicked his tongue across his lips, staring into Castiel's eyes.
Dean walked into the kitchen to find that Cas was standing at the sink washing dishes from their dinner. He smiled, taking a moment to watch him. He was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. Dean still found it a little odd seeing him out of the suit and trenchcoat that he had worn for so many years. But he wasnt going to lie, Cas' ass looked amazing in a pair of jeans, and even though the tshirt was loose fitting, Dean was mesmerized more often than not watching his muscles move beneath the cotton. He stood there watching Cas for a few moments, before he noticed the soft singing, though he couldnt quite make out the words. He obviously knew what song Cas was singing, seeing as he only knew one.
"Yes my angel?" Dean replies, running his hand through Cas' hair.
Dean following him over the edge as Cas' hot cum fills him up. He releases his load all over Cas' hand and chest as he collapses on top of him panting hard. Dean lays on top of Cas for a moment while they catch their breath before he rolls to the side, Cas' cock sliding out of him. He lets out a soft whimper at the loss, but settles for wrapping his legs and arms around Cas' sweaty body.
He continued a trail of kisses and gentle bites down Castiel's torso,  stopping occasionally to suck red marks into his skin. Each time pulling noises even Castiel didn't know he could make. When he reached the waist band of Castiel's pants,  he tugged them down slightly exposing Castiel's hipbones. Castiel watched as Dean licked his lips before softly pressing them against the skin stretched over bone. Dean lavishly ran his tongue over Castiel's hips before biting the skin, causing him to jerk up into him.  Dean smiled running his tongue over the marks his teeth left.  He gripped his hips tightly and pressed his chest into Castiel's groin.  "These hips are going to be the death of me for sure." Dean placed a soft kiss on Castiel's stomach before moving to undo his pants.
