Knowing the routine by now, Castiel anticipated the moment of waking. There would be a short moment of respite until he would drown again. Until he would see Dean die again and again.
DVDs in the player? I thought it was just another of his movies. My parents weren't a great help with sexual education after all."
“Fuck, Cas. Really?” Dean wanted to deflect him, use his usual sarcasm, but all that came out was a far too timid reply. He sounded like an annoyed but intimidated teenager who tried to throw their weight about.
Fear encompassed him in the face of the unknown. Dread was tugging at his whole being. Whatever this was, it was nothing benevolent.
“That’s what you think? Shit.” Dean burrowed his head in his hands and took another deep breath before he looked back up. “I’m sorry.” Now it was his time to be crestfallen and he stared at Cas in horror. For once, he had to be honest with his friend. “It’s something Dad always did. He’d leave us anywhere behind to go on a hunt. I never want Sammy to have to experience that feeling again. I trust you with my life and with Sammy’s any time. You know that. You have to know that. You’re family.”
Before his nerves got the better of him once again, Dean grabbed Cas’ hand, and together they started to run towards the venue Jack had built. It was an incredible sight when they got nearer, and eventually, they slowed their speed to walking. It was fucking unbelievable. There was a long table for at least 30 people, another table bending under its load of all kinds of food, an actual beach bar with the best sorted top shelf he had ever seen, and then there were the guests. Sitting in rows that faced a fucking stupid bow – whoever was responsible for that shit would have to pay badly –, everyone still alive was there.
Both of them looked up. Cas grinned at Jody, winked ,and gripped Dean even tighter. There was the whooshing sound again and then they were gone.
“Exactly!” Gabe beamed, giddily rubbing his palms together. “So, what brought you up here? When Mikey finally completed our ranks, I heard you were still alive and kicking.”
“Seriously, dude, I’m ok.” Dean turned to face his brother, seeing that he was clearly upset. “What’s wrong?”
By habit, he stretched his wings, expecting nothing after they had lost their ability of flight years ago when he had lost his grace, closed the gates of Heaven, and caused the angels to fall. Before he could realise something was different, he was standing on a field on Earth. He stared unbelievingly at a building in front of him, still getting used to the feeling of his restored wings. It couldn’t be, and yet he was here, standing in front of a barn.
“Hey, I’m sorry” Dean grumbled, “Jody forgot to mention I’m intruding upon your Mean Girls meeting.”
He was too close to the Winchesters, especially too close to Dean. Other members of the garrison had already noticed. They told him he experienced emotions. Looking at Dean, he knew they were right. Something had changed. And now he was the one who sent Dean back to Hell, back to a place where he was to face his torturer and mentor. He feared for Dean.
“Don’t ask me about the mechanics of Dad’s universes. I woke up here. Seems to be our universe, though. Haven’t encountered anyone who doesn’t belong here. Until I met you, Winchester. But you know Dad’s stories. There were always too many weird turns and loopholes.”
After dinner Dean had decided to put Sam to bed. Together, the two brothers were headed towards the younger one’s room, probably after another stop by the bathroom. Castiel supposed that was the right order.
With a smile on his lips, Cas hung his shirt over the chair next to the desk and came over to place a kiss on Dean’s lips. Dean cursed that he was too sleepy to engage in anything further, especially, when he could feel Cas’ hands travelling south to his zipper. It didn’t take long before Dean’s jeans ended somewhere on the chair next to Cas’. Moments later the mattress dipped and a warm body settled down next to him. Strong arms embraced him and tucked him in. Dean’s head ended up on Cas’ chest, his left arm splayed over the angel’s waist.
Hearing was the first of his senses that returned. It sounded like a fight. Bodies collided, crashing together. Heavy breaths, grunts, and the piercing tone of metal cutting through air and slashing into flesh, reached his nonexistent ears. There was a woman, huffing. A gruff voice responded. Castiel stilled. He would recognise the voice anywhere, on every plane of existence. Dean. Dean was here, wherever
“So fine, you can’t remember how to greet a friend properly. Come here!” With that, Donna stepped forward, turned Dean around, and embraced him tightly.
Dean woke abruptly when something crushed onto his chest. His eyes flew open and his hand automatically grabbed for his gun while he instinctively tried to fend off his assailant. Right before he nearly flung whatever attacked him through the room, he heard the exited piping voice.
“That sounds wonderful, Jack.” Castiel smiled at his son. Getting rid of the ancient hierarchical structures could only improve the ways up there. This version of Heaven sounded reasonable, especially after all the failed attempts of usurping Heaven’s power within the last few years that they had witnessed, and, in his case, were being part of.
As much as he always doubted angel stuff, Dean couldn’t disagree. His mind already conjured up meals he wanted to introduce to Cas. The possibilities were endless.
“Don’t speak,” Castiel soothed him, kneeling right in front of his friend. He didn’t know what to do.
Yet the hand didn’t stay there either. Dean searched for Castiel’s hand and took it in his. Moving both of their hands between their bodies, Dean placed Castiel’s hand around their erections and his own over Castiel’s, forming a tight tunnel. Instinctively, Castiel moved his hips forward, tightening the grip of his hand, and earned a guttural growl from his husband.
It took him another two and a half months until he found it: A way to enter the Empty as a human. Especially, a human who was still alive. One terrible night when he had been desperate, even more than usually these days, he actually had considered finding a way to turn himself back into a demon just to be able to go to the Empty. From there he would have needed to improvise. Only the thought that Cas would never have wanted that had stopped him. Cas wanted him to live. The asshole had died so he could live. He huffed. As if this was living.
He didn’t need to find the answer. The answer crushed right into him. Cas had lingered right in front of him before he closed whatever space there still had been between their lips. Dean could feel the angel’s broad smile and knew his face showed the same happiness. This felt right. So fucking right that Dean barely managed to suppress a sob. He wanted this moment to last forever. Just the two of them, Cas in his arms where he belonged. For once, everything felt right. Holding each other, trading kisses, being in love with his best friend.
“It’s true. All my life I have been my mother’s pawn. When your friend killed her I panicked and ... Shit! I just should have run.” Looking at the pleading eyes of the witch, Claire had to think of Puss in Boots from the
“Dean? Dean, what’s going on?” Cas sounded devastated. Once again, all Dean did was to break his angel’s heart whether this was a dream or reality.
Dean gaped. Castiel saw how he was trying to find a fitting kid-friendly retort but eventually had to resign. Shooting him a smouldering look, Dean mumbled an almost inaudible “Later.” It was unmistakably a promise for getting back to him.
Castiel looked back down at the pie, eager to find some clues for this odd present. Someone, probably Dean, had used fondant to write the Greek letter pi on it, accompanied by the first 10 digits of Archimedes’ constant. A wordplay. However, it still didn’t explain anything.
Although, the direct contact with his grace created even more sensations, the heat of the moment had dissipated. Castiel looked up at his still laughing friend, and, locking his eyes with his, he found nothing but love and happiness in the vivid green.
“Thanks, Sherlock. Don’t tell me that when we have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. The impossible is what we do day to day. We had Chuck frying pancakes in the bunker. For God’s sake – literally! Cas, you’re an angel who just returned from the realm of another cosmic entity. And I’ve given up hope that it can’t get any weirder. There is no impossible for us.”
Sam finally gave him some desperately needed space which Dean happily used to stretch and to sit on the edge of his bed, rubbing his eyes and trying to fully wake up, though, he wouldn’t be until he had his first cup of coffee. Hopefully, there were still some Lucky Charms somewhere around the kitchen for Sammy, just to be sure.
Finally, Castiel understood. “You fear if I go on the hunt I won’t come back? That I might die again?”
“Don’t.” Castiel needed to take a leap of faith. He raised his hand and cupped his friend’s face, his thump brushing away the residual tears.
“That’s true,” Sam nodded vividly. “He calls me Sam but mostly Sammy, though I’m actually called Sam-u-el,” he stated, accentuating each syllable of his full name. “But no one ever uses
As soon as they had arrived back at the bunker, he had raided his stack of booze. There was nothing left he could do at the moment. There was no hope left. Who cared if he knocked himself out? Chuck didn’t want to take his or Sam’s life anymore after all. The bastard had won.
Dean scratched the back of his neck and looked down to the remnants of the apple pie next to his feet. “Eating pie?” he offered, sheepishly.
“Or what? You’ll throw me out of the bunker because I got too close? Dean, I’m not going anywhere. I won’t leave you.”
Despite their still intertwined hands, things between them had suddenly become awkward once again. Neither of them spoke. Castiel didn’t know what to say and Dean seemed to be more interested in the pie’s bag, fidgeting with the paper.
“You did well, Jack. Really well,” Cas assured the boy whose smile broadened even wider. “You’re alright, love?”
“Huh?” His brain was still too foggy to process all that. An instant? He’d been gone at least for two hours he’d guess, probably more. But these fucking planes of existence never bothered to synchronise their time. So, who knew? He probably could have been gone for years without even realising.
His eyes widened. He had never thought he would say it one day, but, damn, Becky was right. This was dreadful. Horrible.
“I know, Cas. It’s not that. Just a hunch. We’ll find another way. We have to.” Dean sounded resigned. “Tomorrow. Promise, you won’t leave before that. ‘kay? For now, I’ll hit the hay.” His friend was already back on his feet.
“I presume by your actions, you want me to make the call.” Castiel didn’t wait for the mumbled answer, checking his phone which showed no new messages. Trying his best not to be distracted too much by Dean, he dialled Claire’s number.
“Why would you want to stop?” Cas turned towards him, his head resting on his hand, supported by his elbow, and looked down to Dean, his pupils actually dilated.
When he started to lose all hope, suddenly a force he didn’t know he still possessed – if he ever had possessed it – was running through him, reaching every fibre of his being. Empowered by such, the invisible bonds that had held and tortured him all this time tore easily. Getting up to his full posture, standing for the first time since his arrival, he wrenched the last black tendrils from his body.
“You’re ready to go on a witch hunt?” Sam grinned and immediately turned the car and drove in their new direction.
The little head nodded in agreement and the smile Sammy gave him radiated over his whole tiny face which he soon buried into the crook of Dean’s neck, snuggling into his big brother.
Apart from some "John Winchester A+ parenting" during the dream sequence there is a literal trigger warning this time, as in something gun related. It's a spoiler, so please check the end notes in case you worry about it.
Castiel could feel eyes on him when he buttoned up his shirt. Slowly, he looked up and found Dean staring at him, his mouth hanging open, looking absolutely stunning. Like the first time Castiel had seen him in that suit.
Deep down, he knew that Cas was right to head straight back to the bunker. What other option was there with Sammy at his toes? Even though it meant they might lose the fucking witch’s trail.
Sam snorted with laughter. Cutlery and plates clattered, and with a thump something hit the wooden table. His brother must have lost it.
And this time, Castiel was sure there was more to it than its textual meaning. It sounded like promises and hope, like all this was actually real. It sounded like
Cas was still lying on the bed where Dean had left him, greeting him with a wry smile. “Ready?” Cas asked.
he was successful, there finally might be a reason to retire. He was tired and too old for this kind of lifestyle.
Cocking his head, Castiel watched his friend. “Probably that an angel doesn’t need to sleep. Until now, you hardly ever complained about any of your accommodations and you don’t seem to have any other complaints regarding this room. As you know well, she was right. I do not require sleep and therefore am not in need of the bed. It’s all yours. I’ll be perfectly happy with this chair. I’ll just wait here.” To demonstrate his point Castiel sat down on the wooden chair standing by the window.
Donna exchanged a glance with Jody who was working next to Dean, but Jody only shrugged her shoulders and mouthed, “
Claire couldn’t help to smile and silently cursed herself for it, knowing the witch would use any weakness she could find.
Those were certainly not the words he should use. “Uh, actually, Cas ...” Dean scratched the back of his head. “I ... Damn it. I’m not. Not okay. It’s ...” He took a deep breath. “Can we talk?”
Tiny kicking feet, clad in muddy, very muddy shoes directed Dean’s thoughts back to one mystery they hadn’t solved. “Where the hell you’ve been, Sammy?”
He didn’t know what he had expected. When they landed back in the library, his hand still in Cas’, his knees became jelly and he went down. Somewhere on another plane of his consciousness he registered the thunderous cheers, but the strain and grief of the last months caught up with him in an instant. Dean could feel Cas going down with him, knowing that he had had it probably even worse than him ever since the Empty had taken him. With his last remaining strength, Dean grasped Cas’ hand even tighter, holding onto him, never again willing to let him go.
With a feeling of despair that certainly wasn’t his own, Castiel awoke from a dreamless sleep, his power sufficiently replenished. It only took him a moment to pinpoint the source of this horrible dread –
His shirt followed the coat, and now Dean was tugging at his undershirt, freeing it from his suit pants. When fingers brushed over his hipbones, his body reacted with a sharp intake of breath.
“It’s not that difficult. All I did was bind his life force to mine when reducing his age. That way it will last longer.” The witch shrugged. “If I sever the binding or die, he’ll transform back to his former self. No big deal.”
“I prefer to leave them here. Look at them.” Dean gestured towards the place where Jack and Sam were still sitting on the floor. “They seem happy here. I think it would be the best. I’m still not sure I’m okay with leaving Sammy behind but Jack is safer here than outside.”
Sam broke down laughing, resting his hands on his knees to steady himself. “If I hadn’t been busy flattening you, turning back right the moment I jumped, I would have loved to witness the scene myself.”
hordes of demons involved, but I don’t know what they have to do with Dean and me, and the formation of our relationship.” Castiel was confused.
“So what?” Donna replied, chuckling. “It’s not your first time. I trust you. Even hugging me, you won’t accidentally stab me.”
An ecstatic “Dean” escaped his lips, followed by a sound that was neither gasp nor moan, a shudder running through his whole body. In vain he tried to suppress a whimper, too shaken by the unfamiliar reactions of his body. He was shivering.
, Dean wanted to say, but, of course, what that wasn’t what he shot back at Cas instead. “Fuck off!”
“Bullshit! What you told me, Sammy can’t remember that he knows you, though he adores you already. You did great so far. Hell, Kelly trusted you with Jack.” Dean beamed at him. “Do you think I was qualified to look after Sammy when we were kids?” he added in a quieter tone.
“Cas, I looked everywhere. They’re gone.” Dean was barely able to keep the devastation from his voice.
Dean held on as if his life depended on it and followed his lead willingly. When Dean was inside, Castiel gave the door a push and it clunked shut. Aside from the clock on the wall and his beating heart, the room was suddenly very silent, the outside world once again far away. It was only them now.
“Dean! Dean, wake up! Wake up! I’m hungry.” Sammy had gotten up and jumped up and down on the mattress sometimes landing on his body and more than once missing most valuable parts for mere inches.
Dean huffed. Of course Cas couldn’t understand. And if he did it would be too late. Their friendship would be history. “Sure you do. You always leave.”
When Cas had left the library with Dean in his arms, Sam found Sully sitting somewhere in the back, smiling.
Dean smiled back at his friend and after some kisses he never let become too hungry, he settled back, resting his head on Cas’ shoulder, closing his eyes, simply savouring the moment. With the warmth around him and Cas’ constant heartbeat, Dean slowly drifted off, the morning’s roller-coaster of emotions finally catching up with him, sending him into a peaceful sleep.
Sooner than he had expected, Dean suddenly thrust his hips upwards, sweat starting to form on his temple. “Holy shit!”
He needed to get himself back together. Otherwise nothing would stop him from jumping Cas right here in the car, again. And how that turned out he didn’t need to imagine – another frigging wing incident. Hell, Cas’ wings were fucking awesome but he didn’t know if he could survive any further cockblocking. So, as soon as they had stopped, Dean nearly jumped out of the car.
“Seriously? A queen? What was she thinking?” Dean dropped his bag on one side of the bed and threw himself next to it, lying down on his back, his hands folded behind his head.
Cas didn’t even need to contact Sully via angel/Zanna/whatever radio. As soon as Dean had asked him to do it and Cas squinted, the Zanna appeared right in front of them.
“You like it?” He was nervous, unsure what Dean was making of his choice. Years ago, when he needed a quiet place to clear his mind, he had found this small and remote island where for some unknown reason humans never had settled.
Castiel wondered why, but as soon as they had arrived and he had opened the bunker door, Sam stormed directly in the direction of the library. Somehow the younger Winchester had retained his knowledge of the place and easily found his way through the labyrinth of corridors and hallways.
One hour after Claire had spoken with Cas on the phone she got lucky. At a secluded diner next to the highway she spotted the witch’s car in the parking lot. It fit in perfectly with the plan Claire had formed during the long drive. And being honest, she really needed a stop. She couldn’t remember when she had slept last. Far too often she had caught herself right before her eyes threatened to fall shut. She’d even hallucinated. She could have sworn she’d seen some kind of puppy on her windshield. A cup of coffee was probably all she needed.
With a full blow, he was hit by fragments of prayers, a myriad of prayers by Dean. Words were ringing in his ear. Hopes and fears, but especially sadness and hurt were sent his way. With a heavy heart he realised it was grief that was pouring down on him. Dean was grieving badly. And he was grieving for him.
Cas was up faster than Dean could look, crushing the kid into a heartfelt hug. At first, Jack’s arms hang lose at his sides, reminding him of Cas so many years ago, but they slowly hugged Cas back. Cas had tears running down his face and Dean could feel his own eyes welling up again. Seeing those two together, Dean’s gut cramped both with happiness and guilt, threatening to crush him. He had been so close to killing Jack, time and again. Jack who he loved like a son. What did that tell about him? And still Cas deemed him worth loving. Cas loved him and had forgiven him.
“Yeah, well.” Dean gave Cas an eye-roll before he turned his back him, trying to conceal his grin. “You coming?”
and the next two short paragraphs. Skipping the part should not harm your understanding of the scene.
Then again, they all already knew that a kill ended the spell. So there was no need to keep the witch alive any longer. And it would an easier drive back towards Kansas if Claire was on her own. She could picture Cas’ frown easily, always trying to keep her safe. But Claire was a hunter and
Only this time he didn’t wake. Instead of the expected darkness of the Empty, a bright nebular void was all around him. Something was wrong. Something was different. For the first time in all his nightmares, he was aware of his predicament. Even more so, there was neither a vessel nor his heavenly form. He was in an incorporeal state, nothing he had ever experienced before.
human. Humanity was his greatest strength. Emotions, feelings, love. Dean’s unwavering love for his brother and Sam’s mental strength were their only chance to end this, to defeat his brothers, both Michael and Lucifer, to defy Heaven and Hell. Humanity and love were their strongest weapons and he would merely serve as distraction.
“I’m here, Cas.” Waving his little hand in front of Cas’ nose, Sammy made it clear that he was trying to get the angel’s attention. “What’s a soul?”
Lowering his eyes, Castiel sighed. “It’s okay, Dean,” Castiel heard himself say, his voice steadier than he had anticipated, “I know how much you love your pie.” He tried to smile, but it didn’t work.
“I thought so, but Garth called. There’s a single vamp near St. Louis. I should check it out since I’m already in the area.”
Tears he couldn’t stop falling, were running down his face. Once again, Cas was holding him, and Dean was holding onto him, his lifeline.
“Of course,” Dean muttered, rolling his eyes. Castiel saw when the words finally settled in. “Wait? What? That wasn’t you?”
Dean wanted nothing more than to nuzzle into the hand he had craved to feel on his face for so long, but it was impossible, so he retreated. “I can’t.”
When they had sat down, Cas gestured to the booze, but Dean shook his head. As much as he might have wanted to, this was better done when he stayed sober. Taking another deep breath, Dean looked at the angel who always grounded him in a way no one else could. “Dammit, Cas, you’re right. You know I’m not good with this feelings crap but ... uh ... I’m not ... fine. I ...” Dean steadied himself with yet another deep breath. “I’m out of my freaking mind. I don’t know what to do. We can’t take Sammy and Jack with us to go on the hunt for obvious reasons. But I don’t want to let Sammy stay behind, either. I won’t abandon him.” There. Not that bad.
“Tortured, you mean,” Dean grumbled but once again Castiel remained silent. “So what changed yesterday?” His friend turned fully towards him, Castiel’s arms still holding him. The others were nearly forgotten.
“And I’m telling you, you should know what it is. That’s all.” Rolling his eyes, Dean let Castiel step next to his work. “Come on. Have a look.”
Castiel could feel the tension rising in the body that was closely pressed to his own. A body ready to flee. Dean gulped, still hesitating with an answer. Suddenly, Castiel could feel tiny circles drawn on his chest. “’s okay, I guess.” Never had he heard Dean speaking with such a timid voice. It was barely a whisper.
Only a breath away from his heart’s desire, something banged in one of the corridors, followed by heavy footsteps. Resigned, he let his hand fall down in his lap out of instinct, once again sitting erect.
“Bullshit! Nobody owns you. You once saved me from Perdition, now it’s my turn. Come on.” He took Cas’ hands in his and yanked him upwards until he was standing on wobbly legs, half hugging Dean.
“Much better.” Dean closed the remaining space between them, turned, and snuggled into Castiel, back to chest. Tugging Castiel’s arms around his waist, Dean let out a content sigh.
Dean ruffled his younger brother’s hair and started to tickle him. “Get used to it, Sammy. I won’t stop now. Ever.”
He could recall only a handful of them if he was being honest. Dad had done what he had to do and Dean still loved him but that didn’t mean he had to follow in his footsteps. He’d already done that all his life.
“Wait!” Swiftly, Dean rolled over and grabbed across Cas to reach the drawer of his nightstand. Opening it, he picked up the item he was looking for, gritting his teeth in doing so. The witch’s handiwork still hurt, though it would never stop him from the moment his dreams became reality. “Here, you’ll need this.” Dean handed the lube to Cas and let himself fall down back onto the bed, controlling his breath to steady his pulse.
He had always feared Dean wouldn’t understand. He had hoped Dean could accept him like he easily accepted others who deviated from heteronormativity, though it probably was something else when it came to Dean’s own life. However, Castiel wouldn’t stop now. He couldn’t. Dean had to know everything. With all their shared history, good and bad, Dean finally deserved the truth. They both had come this far. So Castiel raised his right hand and lightly touched Dean’s cheek, staring deeply into his eyes. Despite his fears, he could feel Dean leaning into their physical contact. “I like you, Dean, very much, though sometimes, far too often, you make it so very hard and challenging. In those times you try to demolish any fondness I harbour for you.” Once again, he could feel Dean tighten, trying to withdraw from him. “But I’ll never stop loving you. I love you more than anything. I love you. I’m
Just for a little moment, Dean closed his eyes but given his exhausted emotional state he drifted off.
An evil snicker breached the silence. “Oh, does it hurt you? Does it hurt you to lose? Does it hurt you to see him die? Good. Very good,” the entity snarled, a mocking of Meg’s lilt. “That’s very good.”
For a second, Castiel’s world turned upside down. His human heart skipped several beats and his grace flooded through his body, threatening to unleash a burst of power into this plane of existence. But the elation didn’t last long. Castiel could pinpoint the exact moment Dean realised the slip of his tongue. Dean’s eyes grew wide and all colour left his face, while his mouth opened and closed on its own, as if Dean was trying to find the right words.
“Shuddup!” Dean growled but a tiny smile betrayed him. Turning the key in the ignition, he started the motor and the Impala came to life.
Dean stared at his angel. Suddenly, Cas’ hand cupped the bulge in Dean’s jeans, causing Dean to fire a volley of swear words, muttered under his breath. “Son of a bitch! Cas, didn’t I say I want to take it slow?”
“No thanks, I think I’ll like it here. No heavenly duties, no annoying humans, especially no Winchesters, and enough angels and demons to mess with. Already started with a casino. Next, there’ll be a nightclub. You know, your pal Crowley is a funny guy to hang out with. I think we can arrange a pleasant afterlife for all of us. And everyone who annoys us will be sent back to sleep for the foreseeable future.” Gabriel’s voice still carried through the void. “Hey, back off! Keep your slimy hands off of me.” The vuvuzela sounded again. “That’s better. Stay there. And Dean-o. Mazel tov for you and your boytoy.”
Approaching the man who meant the world to him, he gently touched Dean’s face before he cautiously lifted him from the affronting piece of metal, cradling him in his arms, and sent bursts of grace through his body. Instinctively, Castiel’s wings enclosed his friend tightly when Dean started to cough as they had done numerous times before without Dean noticing. The hunter’s eyes flew open and he stared at him.
“I missed you too, Dean.” He could clearly hear the smile that certainly was visible on his angel’s face.
Following and being led by Dean, Castiel felt giddy. Never had he expected this morning’s events. He might have hoped secretly, and sometimes not even so secretly, but Dean had never reciprocated his feelings, not openly. Now he wondered why he never caught any hint of Dean’s real feelings.
“It’s mine,” Jack piped up proudly, seemingly having watched the scene play out before him silently from a place in the library Dean couldn’t see. “Though Castiel helped me to control it.” With a broad smile on his face, the kid appeared in his field of vision.
“Maybe.” Dean seemed suddenly very interested in the potatoes on his plate. “I just needed some air, that’s all. Had to take Baby out for a ride. What better way than to combine it with visiting my two favourite sheriffs and their gang of misfits.”
“Yes, of course, they are an essential part of me. I’m a being of flight. It’s hard to have lost their main function.” Losing most of his powers and the function of his wings had hurt him badly. Castiel had read accounts of people who had lost limbs or the ability of motion. He didn’t know if his condition was comparable to theirs but he eventually had realised he had suffered from severe depression and anxiety in the after-effect. Not being able to use his wings was a constant reminder of his fall and his failures regarding Heaven. Yet, even though he had started to accept their loss nowadays, there was one instant he always wished they still were functional. “I usually miss them the most every time you’re in danger and I can’t arrive fast enough.”
Castiel looked at Jack who had been intrigued when he had been introduced to Sam in his current form. Currently, he was once again absorbed in his book. although, when they had found him reading in his room, he and Sam had instantly bonded and found some layer of mutual understanding.
Dean had tried to let Cas’ parting words settle in, to embrace them. It had been hard, too hard, and far too hurtful. But he had managed some baby steps.
It had been quite fascinating to observe the brothers’ interaction during their dinner. Since his powers had been weakened after the fall, Castiel could only imagine their younger selves. He would have loved to witness their childhood first hand, yet somehow he never had gone back while his powers still allowed it. He had always been too occupied by other things
Castiel noticed everything, and yet at the same time, he was fully focused on Dean. With their interlaced fingers as a last physical reminder of another lost opportunity, neither of them seemed willing to sever their connection. Letting out a nearly indistinguishable sigh, Dean eventually withdrew his hand and rested it back on his thigh. It felt like a promise, though it could be wishful thinking on his side. After all their shared history, doubt was his constant companion. Had this really just happened?
“That’s my job! So get lost! Shoo!” Sully waved them off, evoking another chuckle from Sammy. It was so genuine, Dean couldn’t even be mad at the kid.
“I know you won’t.” Castiel brushed his hand over Dean’s rough stubble, unable to resist the magnetic draw this man always had on him. “But you won’t be fully awake either.”
“Cas, fuck,love, I won’t last any longer. I ...” Hazy green eyes were staring at him and Castiel closed the distance for a kiss. As soon as his lips touched Dean’s, the hunter bucked and white semen shot over Castiel’s hand and the adjacent vicinity.
“Good. Love you, sunshine.” Dean gripped his arm even tighter, placing tiny kisses on his palm and on every finger before he closed his eyes. The traces of sorrow and grief had completely vanished from his features and he looked happy, utterly content, probably for the first time since Castiel had laid a hand on him in Hell.
Wait. What? This wasn’t little Sammy, this was Sam the full grown Sasquatch. In order to get a proper look, Dean tried to raise himself to his elbows, but instantly regretted his decision. Whatever had happened, it hadn’t helped his already damaged body.
Castiel laid a hand on Dean’s to stop him, afraid Dean might set himself on fire or cause an explosion. “What, Dean?”
Hoping Dean would understand what he was asking, Castiel leaned in, never losing their eye contact. Dean bit his lower lip before his tongue flit over his upper one. The distance between them diminished further. Even if he had wanted to stop, Dean’s presence felt like a magnet. This would happen. Whatever the outcome, this was it. Anticipation, build up over years and years, made him light headed. He could feel the broad smile on his face while tears threatened to fall.
Except for a momentary stir, when he had thought Dean might be waking up, Castiel could tell that Dean slept through their whole drive. Pulling up in front of the bunker and rolling into the garage, he thought about letting his friend sleep but decided against it, thinking about the combination of Dean’s injuries and his current quite uncomfortable sleeping position. Furthermore, Dean wouldn’t forgive Castiel when his friend missed the meet up with Sammy, Jack and Sully. Knowing the angry sleeper Dean was, Castiel braced himself for the attack as he reached for his friend’s left shoulder.
“Of course, I heard of the angel who fought side by side with the Winchesters in the Apocalypse. It’s an honour to meet you.” Sully smiled at Cas before he turned around. “Where’s Sam?”
Breaking their kiss, already one of many, Dean and Castiel looked at each other. With a tiny nod, Dean gave his approval to a question Castiel didn’t need to ask. Opening his wings, he revealed who he was shielding from the world before he decided to let them vanish from this plane.
Like so much of their lives, they spent their time in the library. While Dean was busy on his laptop – he had found an unused room deep down in the bunker and had some plans for it that needed research; it would be the perfect hideout, his Dean cave – Jack was reading some book he had found on one of the shelves. Dean hadn’t checked on it and hoped it wouldn’t enable the kid to destroy the world. He wondered whether he should find out what the boy was studying.
“I’m sorry, Sam,” he said when the younger Winchester slumped into his arms. Carefully, he laid him on the floor while his attention already was back on the other Winchester.
When Dean returned, Jack and Sammy sat in one corner of the library on the floor. His brother was fervently telling Jack something, the nephilim listening intently to what Sam had to say.
His friend let his eyes and hands wander over his body, before he hugged him, brushing a kiss on his cheek. “Can’t decide. All versions of you are breathtaking,” Dean whispered in his ear.
“Yes, Dean.” Castiel made sure Dean was looking him right in the eyes so he could convey his message. Sam’s words had helped to diminish his fears, but Castiel needed to be convinced as much as Dean. “We managed to get through all of it so far. We found each other. None of our traumas will vanish. They will remain and we’ll have to learn to live with them, learn how to face them. We finally have to deal with them. It’s not healthy for any of us to ignore them. Though whatever might happen in the future, we can deal with it. Our relationship only became stronger over the years, despite everything around us.”
“You should’ve seen your wig.” He shuddered. “And your wife. I had expected more of you. Geez, you had a freaking altar for Dad. What the hell went wrong with you?”
“Hello to you to, Dean.” Sully turned to Cas and questioningly looked at the angel. “He can see me!”
“I killed a man, Castiel. He died because of me. It’s my fault that he’s dead and his family has lost their father,” Jack stated.
Their disappearance triggered another round of cheering and clapping, and, eventually, Donna grabbed the champagne from one of her bags. This Ladies’ Night deserved a night long celebration.
Following Dean through the bunker’s corridors, Castiel could tell that his friend, despite his earlier assertions, was barely keeping up, too tired and too exhausted after a night of driving on his own. Dean had simply refused all mentions of him driving so his friend could rest. Not to mention the physical exertions from the day before. Castiel might have saved him right on time but the strain of severe injuries always left traces even when healed with grace. He could feel the last day himself regardless of his fully recharged power. After all the millennia he had spent without them, emotions were still so very new to him.
Using some of his power, Castiel groomed his fiancé – he still couldn’t believe he was allowed to call him that. “Better?”
Soon, the door was closed. But they still stood in the middle of the parking lot, between hundreds of cars. Everywhere were people, arriving or walking back to their cars.
“We still don’t know if we’re right, so let’s have a look together. We’ll just ask a few questions. We don’t need to rush in and shoot first, ask later.”
Lost in each other, time passed by. Maybe it was minutes, maybe hours. Castiel couldn’t tell. Technically he still was able to pinpoint the exact moment in time but he hadn’t paid attention. Nothing could be more important than the man in his arms.
“You certainly are not so dumb to fire a gun inside a crowded diner and shoot an innocent patron in broad daylight. You look far too intelligent to take that route.” So the witch played docile with a hint of snark. Claire could work with that.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel stammered. He was abashed, and as taken aback by it as Dean. “I don’t know what happened. How it happened. I didn’t know it was possible.”
Against his better judgement, Dean found himself stepping forward until he was standing right in front of his angel. He nearly felt Cas’ breath on his face. There were actual tears in Cas’ eyes and running down the angel’s face.
The flush that spread over Dean’s face, neck, and shoulders, was an incredible sight. Sheepishly, Dean bent down and picked up his suit bag that had fallen to the ground, fiddling with the zipper. Opening the bag, he suddenly looked back up, a grin splitting his face. “Hell, yes!”
Trying not to think about what that implied, Sam winced. “I’ll do. And good luck with your hunt. You sure I shouldn’t come over?”
Nothing happened but he started to jog. Hope was stirring in him. The pull was stronger than ever. He ran. Time might not exist in this realm but he couldn’t wait any longer. If this was really Cas, he needed to be with him as soon as possible.
They sat down around one of the library’s tables to eat united as a family for the first time in months. Sam complained that he and Cas should at least dress before they sat down but they happily ignored him.
“Jack?” He rushed towards his surrogate son and embraced him tightly. After being taken to the Empty and listening to Dean’s prayers, he had started to believe he would never see Jack again.
Dean would be in no condition to hunt for the next several days, so it was logical to return to Sam and Jack, especially since Claire had called to say that she had also left town. She had been smart enough to plan ahead, and before they even had arrived at the farm, had put a transmitter in the witch’s car which she now was tracking east.
Realising, Dean reciprocated his feelings and he actually could have had what he had wanted for years, was freeing in a way he hadn’t expected. Happiness was in just being, in just saying it. He hadn’t been wrong. Being one’s own self and speaking his truth was freeing in a way he never had anticipated.
Castiel took over before it got too awkward, even for him. He could feel Dean shudder as he still processed what he had just heard. “Claire, do you have any news about the witch?”
Dean’s eyes turned wide. Suddenly, he grabbed Castiel’s hand and tugged him towards the Impala. “You. Me. Now.”
Castiel had never been to a farmers' market in recent times. But taking into consideration what he had read about them and his experiences throughout history, this market sounded very interesting. Moreover, he knew it was exactly something Sam would enjoy.
“So what? You decided there weren’t any dangers around when you needed to transform a whole class of seniors back to their kindergarten selves? How old are you anyway? Probably not as young as you look, given that your mom was around for decades and didn’t look a day older. What? Fifty? One-hundred? You had your share of life, time to give it back to those it belongs to.”
.” Dean had stepped out of their embrace and gestured up and down Castiel’s body, his eyes roaming freely.
Before anyone else could join in, the door opened, and Alex walked in, throwing her keys in a bowl next to the door. “Sorry, I’m late. Work was hell.” She looked at everyone at the table, stopping at the man in their midst. “Oh, hi, Dean.” Sitting down and turning to the others, she said, grinning, “So we’re failing the Bechdel test once again.”
As if Cas had read his thoughts, he was pulling out a chair for Dean and sat down on the chair right next to it.
“Shit.” All colour trained off his face. Without another word Dean turned on the spot and stormed out of the library, leaving Castiel confused and saddened behind.
Claire huffed. It always was the same old song. “Yada, yada, yada. It wasn’t me. I did nothing. I’m completely innocent,” she mocked.
Dean would be nervous and self-conscious. As far as Castiel could tell, Dean had shown true workmanship.
Castiel felt there was more to it. Like so often, Dean evaded him. But, this time, Castiel wouldn’t give in. He needed to know. “No, Dean. It’s not okay.”
For a moment, all colour drained from the witch’s face in a flash of recognition, even though she caught herself and recovered quickly.
“I can see that, Dean,” Castiel grumbled. For the first time he was looking up, hoping Dean’s face would give some answers. “What I don’t understand is why. You are fully aware I don’t eat.”
With a groan Dean let the gun slide back on his nightstand and grabbed for his phone only to fall back on his pillow, growling. “Dude, seriously? It’s five am! Far too early. And you don’t even go for a run.”
Dean could feel Cas’ breath in his hair, the heat radiating from the angel’s body, his scent that at once was so familiar and yet so otherworldly, he’d never be able to find the right words to describe it, the quiet rustling of his ridiculous coat, the barely noticeable caress of Cas’ thumb on his shoulder.
“Yeah. Nearly broke me. Damn, look at me.” He brushed the tears from his face. “You turned me into a fucking sap.”
Dean panicked; he jumped up, gripped Cas' hand tightly, and pulled the angel to his feet, ready to flee the kitchen. “You. Me. Out. There,” Dean blurted out, pointing with his free hand over his shoulder to the door.
“I–” Castiel tried to answer, but Dean had a point. He hadn’t recognised the porn right away and asked the most stupid questions about it when they had made themselves comfortable on the couch for their movie night. Dean had broken out in giggles for weeks and months afterwards. Even after all these years, his friend still brought it up on a regular basis.
Sitting alone on the table, he had discerned Dean’s presence long before his friend entered the kitchen. Yet something was different today. Dean didn’t greet him or acknowledged his presence at all. Instead, he actually seemed to try to sneak up on him against his better knowledge. So Castiel indulged him and didn’t say anything either, curious what this strange behaviour should mean.
, almost everyone of our friends. Gabe, too, of course. I’ve never been shy about it,” Dean erupted.
Sam laughed. “Yes, he is.” It was difficult to talk when remembering what had happened was enough to send Sam into laughter. Closing his eyes, he tried to steady his breath. “More than before. You picked an unfortunate moment to kill the witch. Let’s say I jumped with full speed into his arms when you turned me back.”
“I’m so sorry, Dean. I mean, I sort of knew, but still I didn’t understand how much he meant to you. How much he means to you.”
Slowly, everything came back to him. Awesome! Freaking awesome! He fought monsters on a daily basis, had defeated archangels, princes and knights of Hell alike, but of course, he had to faint from anxiety on his wedding day.
It would be so easy to close the chasm between their hands, mere millimetres between them and yet so much more. Taking this leap would set everything at risk, not just Castiel’s existence but all their lives, and the existence of the entire universe.
Cas turned his head from where he had been observing the endless countryside and looked at him with his usual demeanour. “I don’t know, Sam. Whoever did these transformations might gain something from the disappearances of the senior citizens. Did these people have any family?”
Dean relented. With a clang, the knife landed on the countertop, and Dean’s arms, now finally free, hugged back properly.
“Breakfast? Dean, it’s 5 pm,” Sam chided him. Even without looking at his brother, he would have known which bitchface he was pulling.
“It’s okay, love. I’m here. It’s okay.” A hand was caressing his back and he rested his head on Cas’ shoulder.
“What’s there to tell?” Dean sounded resigned. “He’s mostly in Heaven, helping Jack get a hang of things up there. With his full powers restored, there’s nothing down here that keeps him down here.
“You okay now?” Dean glanced over. “Son of a bitch! Are those goosebumps?” he cried out, grabbing Castiel’s arms and studying it, brushing his thumb over the tiny bumps on his skin.
“But I don’t want anyone. I want you. You’re the only one I ever wanted.” He almost sounded petulant.
“I never deemed myself worthy of your love, Dean. I always tried my best to earn it, as much as you would give me. It was worth it. I told you. You’re the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know. That’s the only truth I know.”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean’s flat hand hit his thigh. “I’m such a fucking idiot!” He could see Cas’ hand twitch as if the angel wanted to reach towards Dean’s. But it was such a fleeting moment – he probably was mistaken in Cas’ intentions. Yet, Dean wished it wasn’t just another phantasm. Agitated, he ran the fingers of both hands through his hair. “What have I done?”
When he was spent, Dean looked at Castiel happily, radiating a confidence and contentment Castiel had rarely seen on him. It was beautiful. Dean's whole being shone brighter than ever. If this was what sexual intercourse provided, Castiel looked forward to the next time they engaged in it.
A predatory grin found its way to Castiel’s face. “Oh, I wouldn’t be too sure about that. Have you looked at yourself recently?”
Cas turned towards him. Dean could feel his eyes burning on the right side of his face. “What are you thinking?”
Not believing her opponent for a moment, Claire settled down on the other side of the table with a grin, her gun now cocked under it. Taking the witch’s steaming coffee from the tray, Claire enjoyed the smell of the hot brew before she addressed the culprit.
Dean’s free hand had once again found its way to his wings and was caressing his feathers before Dean let it wander back to the joints on Castiel’s back, burying his fingers deep into the downy feathers.
They arrived near the school only a few minutes later. Castiel took the gun and the witch-killing bullets Sam handed him when they prepared to enter the school. They would have to be very careful because of the children staying at the place.
“Thanks, Donna. You’re the best. ... Yeah, stay safe.” Dean let the phone sink down on the table. “We’re running out of options. Donna has another nest of bloodsuckers in her neighbourhood. So she ain’t available right now either. Even if she’d been able to come over, it would’ve taken too much time. Time we don’t have.”
Dean closed his eyes and let his head fall back against Cas’ shoulder, tuning the rest of the world out, just enjoying the steady, yet technically unnecessary heartbeat of his angel.
“What the hell?” Dean exclaimed but Castiel had already flapped his wings, and flew them to their destination, landing them almost instantly. “Son of a bitch! Don’t– Don’t do that again!” Dean turned and gaped, taking in their surroundings. “Holy shit!”
“You never told me,” Castiel mumbled. He felt pathetic. For years, he had had a crush on his best friend. The crush still remained, but it had slowly turned into something more. He had been secretly, and helplessly in love with Dean for half his life. Dean, his best friend, who Castiel had always known for sure to be straight.
“Aww. Isn’t that the most romantic declaration of love that ever grazed this realm?” Gabriel chimed in.
“Bloody hell, Cas! Did you just Westley me?” Dean eventually managed to cry out, after he had stared at him for a whole minute, rendered utterly speechless. Only his bottom lip had quivered and his jaw had moved barely recognisable, indicating that he was processing Castiel’s words, yet unable to vocalise his thoughts. Castiel had seen it before.
How could he be this lucky? This could not be real. It was impossible. Even Cas’ thumb brushing softly over his knuckles couldn’t reassure him. This had to be some kind of dream. Sooner or later it all would fall apart, and the other shoe would drop. He knew it. It was his life. Perhaps he was really dead and Jack only had changed the rules of Heaven. Or had they never defeated Chuck at all? Or a Djinn? This could be a Djinn dream.
Cas gave him one of his judging stares and continued with his explanation, “I decided to head back to the bunker. At least there we can have an eye on Sam and Jack.”
“Hey! Move! Let’s get on with it. As much as I’m used to blue balls when it comes to you, sunshine, a man only can take as much.”
Suddenly, Dean realised that he was still holding Cas’ hand in his. None of them had let go of each other.
Though, at least, it seemed his brother had slept in his bed. Unlike the previous night when Sammy had been too afraid to sleep in his own bed, the blanket was also still there. Did Sully need to sleep? Jack didn’t, although he often spent the nights sleeping in his room nonetheless.
All Castiel had needed to do was to watch and marvel in their childlike wonder of the world. Sam had told Jack about things he had observed earlier on the road: dogs, cows, horses, and birds, tractors and construction vehicles, and all kinds of people. Jack on the other hand had wanted to know everything, and asked every detail which Sam happily delivered. A human might have said that the time until dinner had flown by though it actually had run its usual course. This feeling of time was fascinating and yet still kind of eerie for an angel. Only after his short, yet very trying and frustrating time as a human, he had gotten an understanding of the human perception of time. And even after he had been reunited with his grace, time had never been the same for him. He wondered if he still would be able to watch trees grow from saplings to old age. His time in the Empty which seemed to have been both an eternity and a fleeting moment had manifested this weird sense of time that was normal to humans.
had asked him to look out for Sam once again. And Dean had left them. What if? Were they still in the bunker?
He hesitated. How did he know Chuck had been defeated? How did he know Dean wasn’t happy? How did he know that his friend had missed him?
“Dean Winchester,” Jody chided him, “don’t you dare to apologise for finally getting your ass up to leave the bunker and visit us. It’s been months. How’s Sam, by the way?”
Knowing Dean would never admit his need for rest, neither to himself nor to Castiel, it was up to him to resist the temptation just a few hours longer. He had spent years without hope this day would ever come, now he had to wait just a bit more.
Nonetheless, a warm rush ran through Castiel upon hearing those words. Dean wanted him to stay. Watching the man in his arms, he placed a chaste kiss on the top of his head. “Now sleep.”
As soon as they had walked down the aisle hand in hand before the ceremony even started, their friends had cheered them. Donna was the loudest but the others did their best to overtrump her. He had spotted Garth and Beth with their kids. Donna and Jody and the girls were sitting in the front row next to Eileen. Bobby had come with the other survivors of Apocalypse World as had Charlie and Stevie.
Dean’s prayer was still ringing in his ears when he heard someone coming. And there he was, alive and well.
Following her prey, Claire steered her car into the parking lot and parked out of view from the diner, yet still close enough to the back entrance and not far from the witch’s vehicle. From here she could keep both entrances under watch, even though her actual plan would include more action. A stakeout wouldn’t help anyone, especially not Sam.
“Someone’s already eager to escape the bunker,” she teased, her grin even distinguishable over the phone.
Dean’s hand was back in his hair, caressing him. “It’s okay, baby. I’ve got you,” Dean whispered, soothingly, “I’ve got you.”
“Really, I am.” And Dean was. Somehow, he actually felt better. Probably Cas’ grace had finally properly kicked in or being relieved of so many of his worries had improved his physical condition.
“I would like that. Very much. And it has been that long for me, too, Dean. Although, it took me a long time to recognise my feelings for you were much more romantic than the profound bound created by my raising you from Hell.” A faint tickle indicated a soft kiss was placed on Dean’s head, inducing a smile on his face.
Castiel approached Sam carefully, not wanting to upset him even more. “I’m Castiel. Dean is not here. But he is a good friend of mine. I will take you to him. Do you trust me?”
Castiel nodded hopefully, still pressing the silently snoring hunter close to his chest. He should carry Dean to his bed. The floor in the middle of the library wasn’t the best place to recover quickly.
With stopping the furthest thing from his mind, Castiel took up a slow speed and increased it with every move of his hips. Soon they both were panting heavily, their names the only coherent sounds shared between them. His mouth had left Dean’s and was wandering over his neck and torso, sucking possessive marks into his husband’s skin. He could always heal them easily afterwards if the need arose.
“Sure, you are, Morgana.” Claire rolled her eyes. “Plus, you know of the Winchesters. Why should an innocent witch know of them? Unless you aren’t as innocent as you want me to believe.”
The Shadow withdrew, choosing not to engage in a fight with an angel at full strength. And finally, he was free. With his grace completely restored, his angelic form and his human body merged into an almost perfect composition; a harmony he never had experienced before. For the first time in years, millennia even, probably his entire existence, Castiel felt whole.
“Yeah, nobody would have known you were a part of it. Instead you attacked – twice. First Sam, then Dean. Not to mention you taunted Dean with Sam’s fate before you assaulted me. ‘Completely innocent’, my ass.”
“That sounds reassuring,” Dean grumbled. “Yeah, uh, so, thanks, I guess.” He looked at the kid, trying his best to relay his sincerity. “Thanks, Jack.”
one. Thank fuck, that Jack hadn’t met Crowley. Otherwise he wouldn’t know how to explain that the novel was a book of fiction, at least in this universe.
“I ... Just don’t.” Dean shook his head, stretched his still sleep ruffled frame, and stifled a yawn before he got up, heading quickly to the bathroom.
“This is about me being a vessel, right? A potential vessel for you,” Dean sputtered, his head burning with heat. Damn, he probably resembled a tomato by now.
Dean let himself fall onto his back next to Cas. “No, you’re perfect, angel. It’s me. I need to stop before, uh, before I can’t.”
with you. There are moments, so many moments, when all I want is to hold you, to be near you.” Castiel’s eyes dropped to Dean’s lips which finally were at the verge of a radiating smile. Castiel charily let his thumb brush over them while he couldn’t stop his own tongue flitting over his lower lip. “Sometimes, I want nothing more than to kiss you.”
His train of thought was interrupted when he heard Dean right before he entered, heading straight to the fridge to get some beer. One bottle he handed to Castiel, the other one he kept for himself. “Sammy’s safe and sound in his bed. Never thought I’d see that kid again. Was asleep before he even hit the pillow.” He shook his head. “So, any ideas? Probably should make a plan of action. Tomorrow.”
He had accepted it as his form, although human needs were still a completely foreign concept to him. During his time as human, he eventually had come to terms with them, but he never had come to like them. Food had been the only exception as long as he didn’t need to live with the disposal of the faeces and the hunger he had known to live with when he had lived on the street. Yet food! He could easily understand why Dean was so enthralled by it.
Warmth was rising through his body, reaching every part of his existence. “I love you too, Dean Winchester,” Castiel mumbled, kissing the back of Dean’s head, and closing his eyes, already eager to wake up next to his husband for the first time of many, many more.
“But Chuck. He brought them all back. He brought Lucifer and Lilith back. How?” Dean glared at Jack.
“What’s there not to understand? It’s pie,” his friend explained cheerfully but still unhelpful, and dropped down next to him.
“Cas, buddy, wake up. Don’t you do this to me. Man, I need you. I need you. Do you hear me? Please, wake up. Wake up. I love you. Dammit, I love you, you moron. Of course, I love you. Now, just wake up. We’re going home. Come on, dude, we’re going home.”
He knew he shouldn’t be angry. Not at Cas and not at Sammy, and certainly not at the whole fucking world. These shitty things happened. He would know. And they would find a way around. They always did. But he was angry.
Every twisted memory ended with Dean dying or with both of them dead. It went on and on, the entity was relentless. Castiel drowned countless times in his nightmares until there was no longer any shred of hope left. All that remained was pain and despair.
Unable to word his feelings, he did what he knew best. Burying his hands in the dark feathers which immediately resulted in sparks flying through his body, he placed kisses on Cas’ eyes, his nose, and all over his face. Reaching Cas’ mouth, Dean teased his bottom lip with his tongue and his teeth before he kissed him properly. When Cas opened up unexpectedly, inviting his tongue to explore further, the angel ground into him.
“Oh, no, no. I like this. This is fun. You have woken me. You made it loud. So now you will pay for it.”
When Castiel looked up again, glancing at his friend, Dean was shaken. His friend was still holding the pizzas, but Castiel wasn’t sure if Dean still remembered carrying them.
Castiel smiled, unable to move or talk. He simply enjoyed the feeling of Dean, alive and well, in his arms. At some time during his never ending nightmares, he had lost all hope. Now his sun was shining again, radiating a love he had always longed for but had always believed he could never call his.
In the corner of the room, in an old but comfy looking chair Patience had settled down, buried in a book and seemingly oblivious of what was happening around her, though Donna knew better. Patience’s powers had grown over the last months and she probably was the one person in the room who knew exactly what was going on. Or what might happen next. Donna shrugged. It was probably both.
“Yeah.” Dean gulped and his eyes grew wide. “Hell, I’m gonna marry my best friend, a fucking Angel of the Lord.” He stopped. “Fuck! I just came out to my whole family.”
Eileen looked up, frowning, and Cas started to sign. Her eyes flickered towards him, still following Cas’ narrative, while her expressions grew grimmer.
Still, it hurt that Jack hadn’t brought back Cas as the first thing. He had smiled sadly at him, talking about how Dean eventually would understand. Damn it! He needed help not weird prophecies. If it was doable, why not just get on with it?
As Castiel had said earlier, life wouldn’t be any easier now than before. Their pasts were still there, lingering in the background, with all their traumas and memories in their individual and shared histories. Unless they retired immediately, and probably even then, their lives would still be full of monsters, demons, angels, fights, and dangers of all kind. Yet, they wouldn’t need to fight on their own next to each other any longer. They finally had acknowledged their feelings. Castiel would not trade them, but all those years of pining and longing had been exhausting. One part of him had always been occupied with hope and fear, with the constant wariness that his feelings might be discovered. Now he was free to be himself, to finally explore who he truly was, what he wanted in life. Of course, there would be downsides of their relationship as well, but he finally knew that Dean loved him back. Looking at the man in his arms he knew whatever would happen in their future, they would be stronger because of it.
All of it crashed into him and there was nowhere to run. He was trapped on a fucking island in ...  Geez, he had no idea where the hell they were exactly. Then again, it didn’t matter. He was trapped nonetheless.
When he was back at the graveyard, there was an eerie silence around the whole vicinity. The Impala was still there, but his brothers were gone. Suddenly, thunder roared, and the sky turned into a bloody red. This wasn’t good. When he found Bobby he tried to resurrect his friend, but nothing happened. Realising his powers were gone, he suddenly knew he was human. He had defied his father’s plan and now he had been punished. There was a sound, coming from the direction of the Impala. He couldn’t describe it. It sounded like nothing his angelic senses had ever experienced before. Taking a step in the direction of the car, he heard the same sound again, louder this time. Was that a groan?
Cas had finally closed the distance and brought their lips together for the first time. It only was a chaste peck but it already felt like heaven. Hell, Dean couldn’t imagine what a real kiss would be.
“You trying to flirt with me to save your sorry ass? Save it, you’ll never be that lucky,” Claire retorted.
Dean could feel tears welling up in his eyes but he wouldn’t give in. He would not give in, and still a single tear escaped. There would be time to get teary eyed later when he was on his own. “Either I actually was in Heaven, though I doubt that, or I just had the weirdest nightmare ever.”
Being alone again, enduring the screams coming from the dungeon became even worse. Nothing of this made sense. He shouldn’t– Was he feeling? He– He didn’t know.
The rest of their drive went smoothly. Four times they had stopped for gas on their long way from Ohio to Kansas, and another stop was at a diner where Dean had wolfed down a double-cheeseburger heavy on onions with a big serving of fries as a side dish.
“Witch-killing bullets certainly will.” The witch’s eyes grew wide at this revelation and she raised her hand to use some kind of telekinesis against them but Sam was faster and pulled the trigger. With a loud thud the principal’s body fell onto her desk where it crashed into pens and spilled over the ink pot. The blue fluid mixed with the light red blood dripping from the head wound and created fascinating patterns.
There was nothing, only darkness. No sound, no smell, no taste– nothing. Not even something to touch. Human senses didn’t work at all in this void. Even his angelic senses were dampened. And yet he could feel a cold creeping through his vessel that he still occupied. But it was a lot more than that. What once had been his vessel had become part of himself. A body. His body. He couldn’t pinpoint the actual moment in time – an issue he had encountered far too often during the last years –, but at some time he had started to think of it as his body, his own earthly, human body. Technically he had known a long time, ever since Chuck had resurrected it during the Apocalypse. Nowadays it was even more his, though, especially after his powers had declined to a point where he couldn’t use them anymore without heavy repercussions.
This time, Dean moved first. Still holding on to Castiel’s hand, he led them towards a line of trees in the opposite direction of the market.
“I’m grateful for that.” Cas’ eyes lit up, even more than he thought possible. “Grateful for you talking, I mean.”
Eventually, he settled down on the step in front of the telescope, his anger still simmering in his chest. But he finally could breathe steadier. For a moment he wondered where Jack was when his phone buzzed.
“Damn it, Cas, you are a freakin’ Angel of the Lord. You’re older than anything around. You’ve been around since before there was life on Earth. You visited Jurassic Park during its first grand opening. Look at me.” Dean gestured down his body. “What can I offer? I’m broken goods with a GED. I don’t know anything else than hunting. Fuck, I live with my brother in a secret underground facility when we’re not on the road, staying in crappy motels or in the car.”
“I always thought that was what you wanted.” Naturally, Cas would think that. Every time Cas was in dire need of help, even asking for it, Dean had abandoned him and pushed him away. “If you want me to stay, I’ll stay,” Cas stated it as such a matter of fact, Dean wanted nothing more than to believe him. But it didn’t matter. One day or another Dean would drive Cas away. Nobody he had ever cared for stayed with him. Eventually, they all had left him or died.
The sounds of battle reached his senses and reminded him of his mission and everything that was at stake. He was so close and it seemed as if he would be the one, the only warrior of Heaven's army who had successfully breached Hell’s forces. Therefore, he wasn’t allowed to risk the trust Heaven had laid on him. Time was pivotal and every moment of hesitation was a liability to his mission.
It had been a few days since they had been back to the bunker, when the arrival of a guest lightened their moods, especially Sam’s. Although he spend most of his time either knocked out in his room, trying to numb his racing thoughts and drown his feelings, or in the library researching everything he could find about the Empty – so far, nothing –, he had realised that his brother was grieving, too.
Drawn towards him, Castiel abandoned his current endeavour and dove upwards, once again meeting his husband’s lips and relishing in the promises and emotions this almost too simple activity held.
Dean deflated into his seat, knowing full well that Cas was right. He kept staring at his shoes. “’kay.”
Castiel was taken aback. Dean seemed to have fought his own feelings for such a long time, because he thought himself unworthy of Castiel. Why would Dean think so little of himself? Although Castiel had always known about Dean’s self-worth issues he would never have believed how much they had influenced their relationship.
Within a blink of an eye Dean was grinning at Castiel, yet it didn’t reach his eyes. If Castiel didn’t know his friend as well as he did, if Castiel hadn’t based his research of human emotion mostly on Dean, the human could have easily fooled him.
He hadn’t expected Dean’s reaction, though. Instead of hunting witches, his brother had sent Cas with him and decided to stay behind. He claimed someone needed to guard the kid. But Sam knew that even though Dean was still suspicious of the nephilim, especially after Jack had accidentally killed a man, his brother secretly liked the boy far more than he would admit, probably even more than Dean realised himself. His brother was an idiot when it came to admitting his feelings towards himself and others. Moreover, Dean was just good with kids. He knew how to handle them, talk to them. They trusted him easily. And despite Dean’s claims, and fears, and anger issues, and despite his history with killing peaceful monsters, Sam still trusted Dean with Jack, especially after Cas had returned from the Empty. It had stabilised Dean immensely and stopped his erratic behaviour of the last months. With Cas back in their midst, Dean immediately had calmed down.
“I might not have expected you at Ladies’ Night, but it’s good to see you,” Donna whispered in her friend’s ear.
Cas talked on, ignoring Dean’s distractions. “You changed me, Dean. Being with you, I felt whole for the first time in my existence. You completed me. Like a circle. There’s no end, no beginning. Just us. You’re my infinity. I love you.”
Dean startled from his dream, two sentences repeating endlessly, as if lusting after his best friend wasn’t enough. “
When his teeth grazed Dean’s nipple, his friend and now husband groaned. Castiel licked over the sensitive area before his mouth wandered over to the other one, and his fingers took over the newly vacated place.
, this moment where her life could be over any second was thrilling, and unbelievingly life-affirming. She didn’t want her life to end here and now, she wanted to live. It was an addictive feeling. Claire’s senses sharpened and focused on her opponent. This would be it, the moment of truth. The wrist flicked.
“No, Dean.” He laughed. Tears were streaming down his face. Tears of joy. He was happy. “It’s real. We are real. We’re alive.”
“There’s no need to wait until tomorrow. I will return to Garden City and pick up the witch’s trail.” It was the most logical option with Sam safe in the bunker.
Castiel looked up at the younger Winchester, realising he was clutching Dean tightly in his arms, one of his hands absently stroking Dean’s face, his head, and his upper body. “Do you think this is real?”
So, while Dean and Jody prepared dinner, Donna had a mission to plan. By the time everybody sat down to eat, they were all on board, except for Dean who was as oblivious as ever.
Castiel remembered he should say something, anything, but neither he nor Dean seemed inclined to break the moment.
Dean was fighting. He shouldn’t fight, though. He was free to live his life. And yet, Castiel knew Dean would never stop as long as others needed his help and as long as he felt he could give it. Still, he had hoped Dean would finally be able to live the life he had always longed for, now after Chuck had been defeated.
“Gotcha! We’re leaving. It’s time to say your goodbyes. I have to thank you. You actually made my decision quite easy. Oh, and don’t forget to pay and tip generously. I have a promise to keep. Not that you’ll need that money of yours anymore.”
“Don’t ever do that again,” Sam insisted, pushing his brother from their embrace, and grabbed him by his shoulders.
Sighing, Dean heavily dropped down on it, heaving Sammy into his lap. “Thanks,” he mouthed. “Love you.” It felt weird and yet so right to finally be able to say it. Without a second thought Dean leaned over and kissed his smiling best friend.
Once again, he turned to look back. The light golden shimmer was still there, a lonely beacon of hope in a realm of desperation. Aside from the hushed sound, he was the only being around. The entity he came to know as the Shadow was nowhere to be seen.
“I know. Damn, I’ve known for a long time though we lost far too many of them. But this”–Dean pointed to the corner where Sam and Jack were once again deep in conversation–“this brought back so much. He is so vulnerable and he doesn’t even know what’s out there. For once Sammy is just a normal kid – or as normal as it gets in a secret bunker stuffed with all this junk, a once again resurrected angel, Lucifer’s offspring, and me.”
Castiel stared unbelievingly at Dean. How long did it take to search the bunker, especially in Dean’s physical condition? He still could tell that Dean barely kept standing on his feet without trouble. Dean must have searched for hours.
“Shuddup!” Like earlier that day, a single tear was falling down Dean’s face. Castiel wanted to kiss it away but wasn’t sure if he was allowed to. Instead, he raised their interlaced hands to his lips, brushing Dean’s knuckles with tiny kisses.
Dean gulped. Without another thought, he ran towards Cas’ lifeless form, ignoring the entity and the archangel completely. Falling to his knees, he gripped his friend tightly by his shoulders, shaking the vessel that had become Cas’ body a long time ago.
With this last happy memory, Castiel’s mind finally went blank and a deep and endless sleep embraced him.
“Why would you lose me?” Cas sounded irritated. Dean knew if he looked up, he would find his friend’s eyebrows in a frown, his head tilted lightly, and his unwavering blues staring right through his shit.
When they entered the library a little while later, Sammy spotted them, immediately stopping whatever he was doing, and came running towards them. Dean anticipated Sammy’s moves and let go of Cas’ hand to wait for his laughing brother, bending his knees and opening his arms. Sammy jumped and from one moment to another everything went dark.
“Yeah, sorry. Still not finished, though. You need to hear this. Should have told you eons ago. Capiche?
“I did. It went right through me.” Dean grinned at him. “It felt kinda amazing. Can– can I do it again.”
“Yes, exactly,” Jack confirmed, “Their profound bond is unique. They never lost it, and neither could it be stopped by different planes of existence. Wherever they are, Dean’s prayers will always reach Castiel.”
He could feel the Shadow’s grasp tightening slowly. Soon, there wouldn’t be anything left. Was this what drowning felt like? Although his heart was still light from finally admitting freely what he had needed to say for years, what he had felt for years, the dread started to set in. Both the entity’s clasp and the realisation that the utter shock on Dean’s face when his best friend had ascertained what he was doing was the last thing he would ever see of him were quite sobering.
Tears were streaming down his face. Somewhere, far away, behind the fog around him, he could perceive voices. Someone was calling him but he didn’t care. He was barely registering what was happening around him.
like a hunt. Panicking wouldn’t help anyone. He needed to calm himself. Everything was fine. Everything was completely fine. Taking a deep breath, Dean planned ahead. First, he would check Jack’s room and probably find his brother there. And if not, he would head to the library. Sammy loved that place.
“That what I think it is?” Dean grabbed the bag Jack was offering him, opened it, and inhaled the mouth-watering scent of grilled ground beef perfectly paired with cheese and onions.”Hell, yes!”
The chatter that had picked up around the table while he had been lost in his inner musings, stopped at once.
“I love you. You have no idea how much,” Castiel whispered. Suddenly, fear welled up inside him. “I hope I didn’t disappoint you.”
wasn’t his time. She didn’t want him because she still needed his services. Dean should have known. Once a tool, always a tool. So he returned to his body, and his life. And then suddenly the phone had rung. It still made him shiver every time he thought about it. He had killed himself right before he got Cas back. Cas most probably had already been back when he had pushed the needle in, Dean just hadn’t known by then. Shakespeare would have frigging loved that.
Castiel turned to see a young woman who he remembered as the principal’s secretary. She grinned at him maliciously before she turned and fled. Angel blade in hand, he was about to follow when a whimper reached his ears. There, where Sam had landed hard on the floor, lay a little boy with floppy brown hair. Castiel stopped in his tracks. Although following the witch was the logical action to take, taking care of Sam was far more important. If Sam had still been his actual age, Cas would have chased after her without a second thought, as long as Sam had displayed vital signs and he had known Sam was fine, or at least would be. After all, the hunter had been through far worse. However, he just couldn’t leave the little boy here alone in his current state.
“It was the most convenient way at the time. By the way, do you really think your silly little gun will harm
Nobody talked to her when she entered the diner through the staff entry on the back. Luckily, there she found what she had hoped for: a trucker cap with the diner’s logo and a vest with the nametag “Laura”. Well, that would work. Snagging a tray at the kitchen hatch with a random table number Claire found her way to the booths, trying to spot the witch.
A tiny sob brought him back from his thoughts and he focused once more on his brother. Tears dropped from Sam's eyes. "There's something under my bed. I don't like this place. It's scary. There are probably monsters and the big bad wolf …" he whispered, trembling with fear.
“It’s true, Sam.” Jack didn’t let himself be distracted by the brother’s quarrel. “I also told you that I haven’t enough control of my powers to make that work. And Sully didn’t know how to do it, either.”
“Oh, shit!” Claire chuckled. “Thanks for the heads-up. He probably isn’t very happy with me right now.”
Dean was flatted on his back when he opened his eyes. Some weird dream still was hovering in the back of his mind, with the fleeting feeling that he had to hold onto some kind of important thoughts that vanished as soon as he tried to grasp them. Embrace yourself or some shit like that. Blinking at the bright lights, he felt the distinct prickle of residual grace floating through his body for the second time in two days.
“What?” Dean cried out, taken aback. “Geez, no, Cas!” Dean started to laugh. “No, baby, your body is too damn perfect. You have no idea how hard it was to resist
Watching his friend doing the physical hard work, he knew it had been the right choice. Dean needed the distraction. His bodily reactions towards Dean were irritating, though. Since his return from the Empty, his want for Dean had taken up another notch.
Yet his silence was enough. Anger rose in Dean’s features. “Bloody hell! And– and–” Words failed his friend. “Damn it! Jack, you knew? You knew all this time and you didn’t do shit?” Dean took a step towards the boy, his fist balled, anger radiating from him.
Damn it, come here.” Dean opened his arms and invited his friend into them. Cas crushed into him and for a long time, both men held on to each other and didn’t let go.
“No, Cas, that’s not what I meant.” Sam chuckled before he became serious again. “You and Dean, you two belong together, you‘re right for each other. I can’t even describe it. It just feels right. You once said it yourself, you two share a profound bound.”
Outside he fished for his phone and dialled Dean. He hoped his friend would keep calm and clear-headed.
It was an awkward moment, both of them standing right in front of each other, mere inches between them. Both of them were invading their personal spaces and lost in each other’s eyes, yet wary to return to the closeness they had just shared.
“That’s what Cas said. ... Uh, yeah. You might have a point there. ... ‘kay, but I don’t have to like it. And I still don’t agree with you. ... Whatever! Thanks, Jodes.
“I don’t know. They did quite well on their own,” Sully replied, his legs swinging from the table he was sitting on.
, I always thought you simply weren’t interested,” Dean said, but his words almost broke and the last ones were nothing more than a whisper.
Eileen took over. “After you two came back and they finally got word that you were okay but exhausted, they celebrated. By early morning, most of them had found a place or room to crash,” she reported. “The majority is still asleep.”
Following the feeling that pulled him towards his friend, he passed Dean’s room without a second thought and turned straight to the library where he found the human cowering in the darkest corner of the somehow dark room, looking absolutely devastated. Turning around, Castiel spotted a light switch which lit a single table lamp and only enhanced the room’s gloomy appearance.
Castiel was amazed how much Dean, despite his declaration, rejoiced in this rare display of intimacy with his found family, especially since he had included Jack. Castiel was startled of his musing by a deep kiss, followed by yet another “Ick!” from Sammy who covered his eyes.
“I don’t feel sexually attracted to you.” Dean winced, trying to wiggle out of Castiel’s tight embrace. He was only successful because Castiel let him, yet not without lightly touching Dean’s chin, his fingers lifting his head, inviting Dean to lock eyes with him. “Dean, please hear me out.”
“I’ll hurt you.” Dean’s voice became more desperate while his hand searched for Castiel’s. Once he found it, Dean intertwined their fingers, his thumb caressing Castiel’s knuckles. Castiel knew Dean needed the touch to ground himself as much as Castiel needed to touch Dean to convince them both that this was real.
In June 1987, the Winchesters are staying at the Roadhouse. John returns from a hunt and shows his homophobic side. He's immediately told off by Ellen who knows Dean is hidden behind the bar, listening in.
“Earth to Cas. Hey sunshine, you still present?” Dean interrupted his train of thought. “Cas, you okay?” His friend’s features had changed drastically. He now was worried, all of his playfulness gone.
“Yeah?” Dean was flustered. What had he done? Nervously, he bit his bottom lip and scratched the back of his head. “Will you? ... Marry me, I mean?” He stared at the table, picking at the wood before his attention turned to the label of his beer that Jack had provided sometime during dinner. “If you don’t, I don’t mind. It’s probably a bad idea anyway. Who would marry me?” Dean huffed. “It’s just ... Truth is, I can’t lose you again. I won’t survive it. You deserve better than me. I mean, look at me. But you ... You’re the best thing that ever happened to me. Cas, you’re my best friend. You’re the most loving man – angel, whatever – I’ve ever met. Damn, I love you, man. You’ve seen me at my worst. And you’re still here ... So, stay. Stay forever. Please.” Finally, he looked up, and his heart stopped right away.
This was it. Slowly, as if not to startle a frightened deer, Castiel lifted his other hand, the one not currently clutched by Dean, in order to touch Dean, to cup his face and hold onto him. Dean’s eyes grew wide the moment he realised what would happen. Tentatively, Castiel let the outside of his index finger stroke Dean’s cheek. Until now, Dean had stared at him, but as soon as he made contact with his skin he could feel and hear Dean drawing a breath. It almost sounded like a whimper. Dean closed both his eyes for a moment as if to collect himself, pressing their interlaced fingers firmer together.
Claire hesitated. She didn’t believe there was a grain of honesty in the witch’s words. Hunter’s instinct. It was a thing. And now it pinged strongly. Claire had seen her last night. Dean had tried to give her a chance, even let her talk, but for what? She’d gotten to him. So, Claire couldn’t risk letting the witch use any of her powers. She had to keep her prisoner or dispose of her, knowing the second option would definitely lift the transformation from Sam. One way or another, they would have to leave the diner together.
It didn’t matter. He had known. Deep down he had known all along there was a way to save Cas. Interpreting his smile, Jack had always known as well.
“You once told me of your encounter with Sam’s imaginary friend, right before I ... You know.” Cas looked quite uncomfortable when he remembered that time. “Do you still have a way to contact the Zanna?”
After all these years, Castiel still could feel every aspect of the moment when his personal sun was standing right in front of him after all these months in solitude. Dean had been crushing him in a fierce hug. It was something he would never forget. Despite his search for repentance it was like coming home, a concept he couldn’t allow himself to long for.
Dean couldn’t believe their luck. Looking at Cas, he found his angel was grinning mischievously. Placing Sammy down, Dean pulled his angel up, lost in his eyes, before he clasped their hands and dragged Cas towards his room. After all, they had some unfinished business.
Castiel shook his head, trying to hide the tears that were welling up in his eyes. It was just too much.
All of a sudden, Dean was in his arms, Dean’s hand on his face, and Dean’s lips moving against his own. Castiel couldn’t believe his luck. Dean Winchester was kissing him and Castiel kissed back, reciprocating and eager to copy every move of Dean’s.
“S’fine. Look at us.” He gestured with his free arm at them and at Eileen who was standing by the door, smiling, before his sight fell onto the dark hair poking out from under the covers. The bubbling feelings inside him threatened to choke him. “You ‘nd ‘leen, me, Cas. We’re home. We’re back. I got him back,” he said, barely managing to get the words out, his voice suddenly hoarse with emotion. Tears were welling up behind his eyes, but he actually didn’t care. Dammit! When did he become such a sap?
Cas’ index finger lightly touched Dean’s face, wiping away a stray tear. Another burst of grace flooded through his body. “That’s better,” Cas stated. At the same time, all traces of tears vanished from Cas’ face. Taking Dean’s hand in his, they finally made the rest of their way. Miracle was following behind, jumping happily.
“Yes, we are. And we have both screwed up, constantly. We hurt each other. We’ve run or pushed the other away. Far too often we kept the other in the dark because we wanted to keep each other safe. But we are still here, finally together. Look at us, we’re talking. It’s a start.”
Even if this went awry and he was stuck in the Empty at the end or dead for that matter, at least all of them were here to give him a proper burial. Not some lonely pyre in the middle of nowhere.
Dean took a step forward and suddenly felt that he hadn’t slept in – What? He checked his phone. 26 hours? He’d had worse. Still, his body wasn’t as young as it had once been. His stubbornness to drive the whole distance at once, and by himself – not letting Cas take over the wheel at all –, certainly hadn’t helped.
And then there were Jack and the Winchesters. Lucifer was walking the Earth, wearing Sam as his favourite new suit. There was Michael who did the same with Dean’s lifeless body, relentlessly creating an army of monsters. There was Dean, turned crazy by the Mark, unstoppable, slaughtering everyone who dared to cross his path. Dean as his demonic self, rising in the ranks of Hell, the worst of the worst, bringing devastation and death to everyone, serving obediently whoever ruled until he annoyed him and he disposed of them. There was Dean killing Jack, or Sam, or him. All of them. Everyone he had ever cared for.
“Except for Sam,” Cas interjected, having once more started massaging Dean’s neck and scalp, so Dean tried his best not to purr.
“I won’t.” Cas’ lips brushed his ear before the angel placed a series of kisses along his jaw. Soothingly, Cas’ right hand drew circles on his back.
Dean hesitated. As if he had needed another reminder of Cas being so above him and at the same right next to him. Seeking reassurance, Dean rested his head back on his angel’s shoulder and held onto the lapels, figuring out his next move. After all the feelings he already shared today, spilled accidentally and freely, he took heart, softly speaking more towards the all too familiar trench coat than towards the love of his life. “Uh, this might sound weird coming from me. Looking at my ... well, rep. I ... Hope I’m not presuming anything. But, uh, you know, my history of relationships is nearly nonexistent. Living on the road certainly didn’t help. I really don’t want to rush and ruin things for once. You’re special, damn it, you’re the most important person in my life.”
“Spill! What happened? Did the moose knock himself out cold? That’s why it’s you who’s calling?” Dean still sounded unconcerned.
Castiel grimaced at Dean’s self-deprecation. Even though he wanted to tell he how smart, intelligent, and resourceful his friend was, now was not the time to lecture Dean. Dean was so much more than he admitted to others and far more than he let himself believe. Yet, if Dean wanted to be insolent, so could Castiel. “Fine, if you insist. At least, let me hear what Sammy figured out in case I interpreted it wrong.”
“Thank you for your time,” Sam said, smiling at the principal. “There is one more question I need to ask you, though. Not only have children been found but there have been several disappearances of senior citizens. Many of them have attended this school in their childhood. Do you, by any chance, still have any records, say, of the time sixty to ninety years ago? Somewhere around the 1940s or 1950s? I know it’s a lot to ask of you, but it really would help with our investigations.”
Dean’s reactions caused Castiel’s blood to rush lower, especially when Dean bucked his hips in response to the teasing. Castiel took the hint and turned his attention to Dean’s suit pants. Yet, before he moved to open the button and zipper, he pressed one hand on Dean’s bulging crotch, earning him another sinful groan. Using the alulas of both wings, he kept up the teasing of Dean’s nipples simultaneously.
“So, you know how big the trouble is that you’re in? Any idea who you cursed and attacked?” Claire hesitated, wondering if she should already show her cards, ultimately deciding better now than never. “Does the name Winchester ring a bell? Granted, they weren’t having their best days when you ran into them but now they’re really miffed. It’s probably a good thing you have to deal with me.” Claire smirked and took a mouthful of coffee. Damn, she had definitely needed that.
, because it means you kept on reading until you reached the last chapter (or, maybe, you just skipped the rest of the story).
Yet, when Donna entered the kitchen, a surprise was awaiting her. “Dean?” she exclaimed, “Whatcha doing here? It’s Ladies’ Night.”
Dean set the blinker to the right, and stopped the Impala right there next to the road in the middle of nowhere, somewhere in Missouri or wherever they were driving through right now. This was too much. He was literally shaking. Turning towards his angel, he gaped at Cas. A hand cupped his right cheek immediately, and Dean leaned into it, bathing in the love that was radiating from it. A love he always had longed for, yet never deemed himself worthy of.
Dean’s right hand found his left, squeezing it encouragingly, and interlacing their fingers. With a smile on his face, Dean closed the gap between finger and feather and brushed it carefully.
He didn’t know why Garth already knew what had happened – assuming everyone who had been Thanos-ed by Chuck didn’t remember a thing –, but he had known and let them know that his family was fine.
“No,” Dean protested but his eyes already started to drop, although Castiel could tell he was fighting against it, watching Castiel’s every move. As soon as he was wearing his sleeping attire – despite his protest, Dean too had managed to put on the offered T-shirt – Castiel helped his friend lying down, and settled himself down next to him.
Right now, they were clearing up the barn. He had offered to take care of it on his own but Sam and Dean had insisted on doing it the “normal” way. Burning the whole building would have been the easiest way to get rid of both the bodies and the evidence, but Dean had been vehemently against it. He had argued that the barn had become an anchor to reality for him. After what had happened earlier, Castiel and Sam had looked at each other and mutually decided to go along with it. So now, Dean was building a makeshift pyre behind the barn that would suffice the need to burn the bodies while he and Sam took care of the rest.
Moreover, there's a scene that contains memories of suicidal ideation/suicide. If you need to, skip the paragraph that starts with
Jack harrumphed, and everyone turned towards him. “I might have changed some parts of angel physiology when I restored their power.”
“Cas, where are you? Damn it, you asshole, I need you. Fuck, you can’t just throw those things at me, just to leave like the most dramatic bastard you are.”
Dean scratched his neck. “Uh, actually, that’s the reason we called.” He turned and called into the library. “Sammy! Jack! We’ve got a visitor.”
He would lose the righteous man. He would lose Dean. And yet, with every thought of his inexorable defeat, there was a surge in his power, the burning conviction that Dean Winchester must be saved.
Dean woke to the familiar sound of Baby and wondered what had happened. Why wasn’t he driving? And who the hell was driving? He tried to stir but every fibre of his body hurt, so he settled on simply opening his eyes for now.
“Don’t be discouraged when Dean falls back into his old habits. It’s hard for him. He never learned to share his feelings. More than anything, Dad looked down on us when we did so. I can’t imagine how hard it must have been for Dean growing up and realising he wasn’t the straight son Dad expected him to be. He must have been out of his mind when he found out. And yet I didn’t know for a long time. Dean never said anything. It took me years to catch hints of it, probably only after we started hunting again after Stanford ... after Jess.” For a moment Sam struggled to keep up his demeanour, old memories still hurting too much, before he once again faced Castiel. “And that doesn’t even cover the fact that you’re an angel.”
“It has been eleven minutes and forty-three seconds since our last kiss,” Castiel stated matter of fact, though he couldn’t hide the smile that tucked at the corners of his mouth.
“I told you, it was my mother. She had me keeping track of potential dangers, especially when it came to hunters.”
It would only be molecules, though it was so much more. “Yes, Dean. I’d love to try it. Happy Pi Day!”
“What if you could have it? What if you always could have had it?” Dean whispered and gasps erupted around the table.
When Dean wakes up, both parts intermingle in his mind, until he breaks the loop, remembering Ellen's words that nobody has the right to judge whom one is allowed to love.
“Thank you, Sam. But you got it wrong. I call myself lucky that he has chosen me. He’s always been too good for me.”
Moreover, right now, he had more important things to do than going on random hunts. He needed to save his angel. There had to be a way, he just needed to find it. And perhaps, if ... No!
Realising what he just admitted, Dean froze, shell-shocked, terror written over all his being, gaping at his best friend who certainly would leave him for good now, who would flee in utter disgust. He would have already vanished when his wings weren’t broken like he’d done so often back in the days, always just flapping away when Dean got to intense.
Afterwards, John talks about how proud he is of Dean's shooting skills and young Dean vows he'll always try to make his father proud.
“It’s a novel. The authors made the story up. It’s completely fictional. None of it is true.” Dean paused. “Some things are true but the authors used the biblical stories as an inspiration. That’s why so many actual players from the Apocalypse are part of it. But the actual Apocalypse never happened that way. Trust me, I know.”
Castiel looked at his friend in agony. All he wanted to do right now was to hold him, show him how much he meant to him. But he was afraid Dean would be freaked out and shut down completely. It already was astonishing that he talked so openly about his fears.
Though, instead of attacking directly as he usually would do, his eyes were falling back to the body of the righteous man. Dean Winchester was dead and this time he couldn’t save him. Too late he saw the counter-attack coming. Alastair had grabbed onto his wrist and twisted it, forcing Castiel’s own blade against him, towards his own body. Using his full weight, Alastair crashed into him, burying the blade deep into the abdomen of Castiel’s vessel.
Castiel silently sipped his coffee. He liked the warmth of it early in the morning although he neither slept nor became tired and didn’t even need the nourishment. His fondness for his morning coffee was something that had remained after his short and trying stint as a human. Moreover, it gave him a reason to spend his early mornings in the kitchen waiting for the others to wake.
“Yeah,” Dean mumbled, yawning, “Just don’t spill to Sammy that I like to be the little spoon. I’ll never hear the end of that.”
“Why are you so wise? I don’t deserve you.” Dean took the edge of the covers and buried himself into them, hiding the strain of red that covered his face and neck caused by a different reason than just moments before.
But here? This fucking life, all this shit? Damn, those things were different. They made it difficult, impossible. Life wasn’t easy and his life, well, fuck it.
He leaned down, whispering in his husband’s ear with a commanding voice, “Then come for me, my love”, before he brought their lips back together, his tongue darting into Dean’s mouth.
Castiel grinned. It only took one flap of his newly restored wings, and he was standing right in front of Dean, not able to resist the magnetic pull any longer. Dean was already burying his hands into Castiel’s hair when Sam stepped out of the barn.
“You’re afraid to be like your father.” It wasn’t a question. Cas stated it as a matter of fact, yet Dean couldn’t bear to look at him any longer and lowered his eyes to his knees. “Dean, look at me. You are nothing like your father. Not when it comes to taking care of others and especially not when it comes to taking care of your brother. Sam would be stupid if he believed anything other than that. And stupid is something your brother most certainly is not.” Cas gave him a moment to let that statement sink in. “Moreover, we need to go after the witch in order to return Sam to his actual self. You won’t help him when you stay here.”
“Hello, Miracle. It’s good to meet you.” Cas petted the dog and looked at him intensely. His features turned grim and he turned to Dean, saying, “I’m sorry. I didn’t realise.”
Looking at Dean, his feelings were mirrored on his friend’s features. Dean’s mouth was opened in wonder and his eyes rested on him, wandering over his body. When they found Castiel’s eyes once again, they were gleaming, and a single tear threatened to fall.
Sam was already on his way towards the first booth, a big smile on his face. Castiel, however, hesitated. He didn’t want to leave Dean behind. It felt wrong.
The short burst of absolute happiness he had experienced only moments ago vanished and left him with a desperation he hadn’t anticipated. The only thing that kept him sane right now was the knowledge that his sacrifice had saved Dean. At least, he had been successful in his endeavour. Billy had been taken by the Shadow and Dean would live. Dean being alive was the most important thing; the only thing that mattered. For years, Castiel would have given everything to save him. He
With a whoosh of his wings, Cas was gone. Dean immediately felt as if something vital was missing, a cold was settling into his bones, and his anxiety spiked. Caught off guard, he turned his feelings into anger, swallowing the rising panic. Cas was okay. He would come back. He always came back. He got Cas back. Cas was back and he loved him.
Dean’s lips, arms, and hands were roving over skin and feathers alike, leaving a burning trail behind, and rendering him almost too overwhelmed to take action himself. For a moment he simply bathed in the connection they shared, and although he knew there was still more to come, the experience was already much more than he had dared to hope for.
This felt right and Castiel didn’t want it to end, so he kept hugging Dean who was loosening up in his arms. How long they were standing there, Castiel didn’t know.
The ocean waves in the lagoon splashed languidly onto the almost white beach and bubbled around their bare feet. A jungle started right at the edge of the beach, and some scattered trees nearly reached the shore. Tropical birds were soaring over plants and across the water where swarms of fish were visible in the crystal clear water. The cloudless sky reflected in the blue-green of the ocean and gave the place something magical.
Yet, feeling Dean in his arms, being allowed to touch, to explore, and seeing his love for Castiel radiating in his whole being, was intoxicating. How could he have lived without it for so long? Even after only the short moments they had shared so far, he never wanted to miss it again.
“I really do, though,” Dean mumbled, barely audible. Castiel would have believed he had imagined hearing it, if Dean’s hand hadn’t still caressed Castiel’s face, though.
“So did I, Dean. I’m painfully aware of how much grief I caused you. It was quite obvious a moment ago.”
Everything was dark and an endless void had swallowed him the moment he had entered. Instantly, all his senses were numbed. Somewhere in the vastness he could hear weird sounds, voices and groans, whispers and crazy laughter. It reminded him of Hell and Purgatory, the eerie feeling resembling Heaven, and yet it was something completely different. Shivering, he turned and looked back at the narrow golden line behind him, their only way out of superhell. How long would the portal be stable? He didn’t know. First, he had to find Cas. He wouldn’t leave here without Cas anyway.
“What did you just say?” Cas inquired. His voice was husky and he was still shaking after Dean’s anwer.
The ceremony was over sooner than he had expected. Claire handed them the most beautiful rings he had ever seen. They were plain silver bands each with a blue and a green stone set in an iron core. The core was lined with a slender line of salt – however, that was technically feasible. Depending on the angle of view, narrow lines of Enochian writing etched into the silver became visible. Dean had never thought it possible to see such a perfect ring for a hunter.
Dean gestured to the armchairs. “Mind if we sit down?” His heart pounded in his chest and his voice wanted to leave him. Moreover, he didn’t trust his legs to keep him steady.
Dean closed his eyes, knowing that Cas was probably still glaring at him. That had been a close call. It was a wonder he had managed to steady his breath and keep his heart from beating a loud enough tattoo  to evade the angel’s attention.
Although his pants were still to be taken care of, the unaccustomed skin to skin contact of their upper bodies was overwhelming, and Castiel tried to memorise every single aspect. His grace was vibrating, and every contact with his feathers sent bursts of energy through him that erupted in little sparks of light. The heart in his human body was pumping hard. His pulse and breath were accelerated. He could feel the same happening for Dean who cried out his name in a way that went right through his body and into his grace, affecting him in every possible way.
Suddenly, every fibre of his being lit up. It couldn’t be. It wasn’t allowed to be! And yet it had happened. Dean had grabbed onto Castiel’s hand, lightly stroking his knuckles with his thumb and interlacing their fingers as if to say ‘mine’. A tiny smile stole over Dean’s face.
All of a sudden, Dean’s hands were grasping his head and Dean’s fingers buried into his hair. Before he was able to process this novel, yet staggering feeling, Dean’s lips crashed into his. The angle didn’t fit and Castiel was clumsy, too new, and unaccustomed to all of this, but it didn’t matter. Nothing did matter right now other than the man in his arms, the man he had loved for years and never dared to hope to call his one day.
He sighed and let his head fall back onto his pillow. Why was this shit so fucking hard? What was so different today that he couldn’t trust his gut? Fuck, he had never thought twice when he sold his soul, gotten the Mark and all the other shit he had done within a blink of an eye.
For the first time in his life, Dean felt completely and utterly free. No one was writing his story anymore. His life was his. He finally didn’t need to hide anymore and his family and friends still loved him. They even were proud of him. Sammy was happy. Dean could see his smile across the room. His brother was blessed with the best girlfriend who also happened to be a damn good hunter and was a part of their lifestyle, resurrection included. Both of them, Sam and Eileen, finally could live their lives on their own terms, whatever they decided to do with it. At last, it was their choice.
“I mean, you always can lose your grace if you wanna.” Dean shrugged. “Give it up, bottle it, keep it in store. Getting it back, though, not so much. I don’t mind, because I don’t mind if you are fully powered, fallen or human. Don’t you get it? I love
“Damn! Well, can’t change that. But I can change this.” Hands were in his hair and lips met his, nipping and teasing, until Castiel opened up. He returned the favour and for a moment they were lost in each other, relishing each other’s presence.
But giving up like that? No. This could not be it. This was not what he wanted. This was not what Cas had wanted for him. Cas had died to save him.
“’Course I’m sure. Whatcha think? That I always take my early morning walks through several floors of an underground facility? It’s such a motivating way to start my day. The amount of shabby light and stale air works wonders. Hell, it’s even better than coffee.”
Too late, Dean noticed Cas had followed him. He had almost reached the garage by that point, so Dean just went on, Cas following silently behind.
Sitting up on his heels and Dean’s thighs, he couldn’t help but caress Dean’s face once again. How had he been able to resist this for so long? Now, it was nearly impossible to let go of Dean at all.
Dean shot him another cutting glance before returning his attention to his brother. “You hungry, Sammy?” The boy just shrugged, leaning tiredly, though contently, into the older Winchester. So Dean once more turned to him. “Cas, did you feed him?”
With a fond look in the rear mirror Castiel watched Dean peacefully sleeping on the rear bench. “Don’t ever scare me that way again.” He knew it was wishful thinking in their line of work.
With a dread he couldn’t explain his eyes fell back on the computer. Hesitantly, he clicked on the attachment. The document opened and he started to read.
“I could but it wouldn’t be as effective as real sleep. And I want you to be fit for later.” He could see he had won the argument. Dean relented.
Castiel felt warmth rise inside him. Dean had baked a pie for him because this day reminded him of them. Somehow his hand found Dean’s knee and made contact with it. He didn’t stop himself and neither did Dean. “Thank you. I love it.”
Cas’ eyes were glistening, sparks of grace enhanced the blue. Tears were streaming down his face, and the smile on his face was the biggest Dean had ever seen. “Yes.”
Having finished the text, he was still staring at the words in front of him. What had he just read? This was ... this was ...
“I’m here, Dean. Aren’t I?” Letting go of the embrace, yet keeping his hands firmly on Dean’s shoulders, he watched his friend’s face. Dean still was struggling with emotions, fighting tears he wouldn’t allow to fall. “Dean, I’ll never leave you. I’ll follow you wherever you go.” Finally, his friend calmed down.
He looked up to the other side of the library where Sam and Eileen had a vivid, yet silent, conversation, laughing, touching each other. Those two were as happy as anyone could be right now. Despite the sting in his heart, a tiny smile threatened to erupt on his face. No blurry wife in sight, thank fuck. He still couldn’t decide if his or Sam’s fate had been worse.
Dean woke with a gasp, sweat soaking his clothes, panting heavily. These dreams had become worse. Hell, Dean was used to nightmares, he was a freaking expert, but this shit was new. This was real, personal. This was family. Though all his nightmares were based on reality, this was different. His nightmares usually messed him up, but Dean knew them far too well. All he had to do was deal with them. It sucked, but guess what? He was no sissy. This nightmare however ... These were memories Dean had buried deep down, never to visit again. With all the shit going on in their daily life, all these new nightmares were worse than Dean’s routine. He had never thought he would ever be bothered by those hidden memories again.
Neither Alex nor Jody were to be seen, but sounds erupted from the kitchen. Someone was definitely cooking there. Donna looked at the bags she still was holding in her arms. Seemed as if they definitely had enough food for a small army tonight.
Once again, Castiel was sadly left behind and didn’t know what to make out of his friend’s odd behaviour. After all these years, Dean still was an enigma when it came to his emotions, although he wore his feelings on his sleeve. One moment he might send unambiguous signs of wanting more in their relationship, only to take a 180-degrees-turn in the next. But who was Castiel to judge? His people skills might have evolved over the years but human behaviour still puzzled him immensely. Humans never stopped to amaze and startle him. And Sam often had reassured him that his brother was one of the hardest to read. Dean had a lifetime experience of shutting down his emotions, hiding them even for himself, most of the time deflecting with anger or humour, never showing what he really was thinking. Dean was always highly emotional and at the same time hiding so much from the world, and himself.
They split up. Dean and Claire would burst through the front door while Castiel would cover the side door which seemingly let to the kitchen and be their backup.
Seeing them, he groaned. “Seriously? Again? You two can’t keep your hands off each other for five minutes?”
“Yeah?” Sam shrugged, sheepishly. “Who wouldn’t? First you are gone and back with Cas in an instant and then the portal vanishes and you two collapse right in front of us. We wanted to bring you to the infirmary but neither of you would let go of the other. So we decided to bring you here instead.”
Cas’ hands found the back of his head, his body shifted until his thigh was between his legs, creating a friction that left Dean lightheaded and yearning for so much more. He could feel Cas’ hardening dick pressing against his hipbone. Hands were roaming everywhere, lips following shortly behind. It was messy, both of them exploring the other’s body freely for the first time, getting to know each other’s needs. Soon, their shirts were gone and they were skin to skin. For a moment, Dean just wanted to lie there, on top of his angel, feeling his heartbeat, engulfed by his otherworldly scent, finally allowed to touch, to be with him. But then Cas moved his hips and Dean was a goner.
“Uh”–he scratched the back of his head, pointing with the thumb of his other hand over his shoulder towards the piled wood–“probably should finish that before ...” Before what exactly? Judging Cas’ earlier moves, he was certainly on board with a lot more than kissing.
“So no one could save Cas but Dean?” Sam stirred the conversation back to their main topic, addressing Jack.
The screams became worse. For some peculiar reason, he could sense every scream as a stab to his own being. It was irritating. Tilting his head, he kept his position. Standing there in front of the room, forced to watch and ordered not to interfere with whatever might happen inside, had never been this difficult. Dean had told him that Castiel would not like what would walk out before he had entered the room. Remembering the fleeting moments in Hell when he had watched Dean at work, he knew what to expect and hoped it would never come to that again.
dreamt of it. When ... if there was ever any hope for him and Cas being more than friends – which there wasn’t, definitely not – Dean wanted it all. All in. All or nothing.
At once, Dean could feel three pairs of eyes staring at him. Glaring warningly at Sam, Dean turned towards his best friend who had raised one eyebrow questioningly. Fuck, Dean wanted nothing more than to kiss the bastard, see if he could wipe that smug expression from Cas’ face. But Dean was a coward. Always had been and always would be. So he swallowed his feelings and just stared back.
Resting his temple on Dean’s shoulder, he nodded. Castiel wanted nothing more than to recreate that sensation, yet he feared it would be too much. Only once before had he experienced it, years ago in the deepest parts of Hell, when his true form had touched the righteous man.
Why must it always be witches, anyway? Laughing about Sammy and telling Dean she could feel Sammy’s life force pulsing through her, she had been able to distract Dean long enough to haul him into whatever furniture he had crash landed in.
With Sam and Cas gone on a hunt, he now was alone with the kid. After his brother had tried to teach Jack how to control his powers, they had witnessed firsthand how fucking brilliant that had turned out. The kid was still heartbroken over accidently killing the guard and had pledged he wouldn’t ever use his powers again. Hell, Cas had been able to stop Jack from pulling the vanishing act on them in the very last moment. Dean knew that the idea of Jack stopping the use of his powers was bullshit, since most of the times the kid had used them unintentionally.
After their extended make out session, which they only stopped when Dean’s body, exhausted from the events of the last two days, met its limit, his best friend once again snuggled into Castiel’s side, Dean’s head resting on Castiel’s chest. For a while they simply enjoyed their newfound closeness and relished the evolution of their relationship, hands wandering over every part of the other’s body they could reach.
Castiel stepped behind his friend, embracing him around his waist. Kissing the falling tears from Dean’s cheek, he eventually settled his chin on his shoulder.
Sam looked around, taking in their surroundings for the first time. His eyes grew wide. “Geez, Dean! The kids. They’re still somewhere out there. Frightened and alone.”
me! Dude, you know I’m not wrong.” Dean’s hands were clasped into fists, his knuckles whitened by all his resurfacing emotions he slowly turned into anger. It was easier than to face the truth.
As soon as Gabriel had arrived, the entity had retreated to their slobbery form of black goo, but now they had snarled and attracted the archangel’s attention.
Castiel gasped as soon as Dean’s finger made contact with the feather. The sensation, a firework of feelings, rushed through every nerve of his human body and touched every aspect of his grace. For a moment, he felt vertigo and feared his knees would give up under him. Dean caught him right in time, holding him tightly.
The uneasy feeling Castiel had experienced for the whole time of their stay was lifted when his eyes fell on Dean. He had known his friend was safe, but just seeing him soothed Castiel in a way no one else had ever been able to.
Dean replied with a friendly nudge. “Smug bastard! I’m trying to talk to you. This shit is harder than anything I faced before.”
“Yes, most probably.” Castiel couldn’t deny what he knew was the truth. For a moment, the caress stopped.
When Castiel stepped forward, Dean held him back, closing the remaining distance between them, and kissed him on the neck, right beneath his ear.
“Can you feel it? Cas, can you feel it?” Dean spoke with barely concealed awe. His friend stared at him, wonder on his face, all the harsh lines of the last weeks or months suddenly gone. How long had it been? How long had he been away and left Dean behind, grieving?
“I’m sorry, Dean. Castiel is right. My power doesn’t work in the Empty. I couldn’t help him. No one could. Except for you.”
“What?” Castiel inquired, astonished. He stared at Dean, his head cocked, unable to think of something Dean liked more than pie.
“Ouch that hurt,” Dean deadpanned and Castiel couldn’t help but smile, picturing the giant eye-roll Dean had probably performed on the other side of the door.
Right now, Dean was beautiful, so beautiful, radiating a happiness he rarely, probably never, had witnessed before. And he loved him. Dean loved him. He reciprocated his feelings. All of a sudden, the realisation threatened to overwhelm him. Tightening his wings around the man he had fallen for, and letting go of his hand that was still holding onto his, he cupped his friend’s face and brought their lips together. Dean gasped and buried his hands into the plumage on his back.
“I agree. It certainly seems logical to request an update. Even though we know Sam is still not back to his actual self, I would certainly feel relieved to know Claire was okay.” At this, Dean looked back up and Castiel continued, “And I would love to do ‘whatever’ with you because I love you.”
“Oh, Dean.” He nuzzled Dean’s earlobe, letting his tongue wander over the conch. His friend was leaning into him. “I’m sorry.”
“Incredible? Even better than yesterday? Earth shattering?” Cas kissed him between every question, first on both of his cheeks, and finally on his mouth, lingering there.
“Yes, Dean, always,” Cas replied. This time, his voice was shaking. The tension had gotten even worse and Donna knew she was gaping, too enthralled in the scene that was happening in front of her eyes.
“Yeah, you’re a witch that messed with my friends and a bunch of other people. As far as I know at least one person is dead because of your shenanigans, and last night Dean only survived because he had his personal guardian angel shadowing him.”
Raucous laughter erupted from where Dean was standing. His inner turmoil was still noticeable for Castiel and all the different feelings of the last hours and days now sought release through this display of utter levity. His brother’s statement had finally broken the levee. Castiel could understand him, although he only had a hunch of what Dean must have been through. They hadn’t even reacted to the sudden reappearance of Jack and Sam, and of Sully if his senses didn’t betray him. He suspected the Zanna tried to stay out of the line of fire for the time being.
However, there would be no pie festival hunts for him in the near future, just to be safe. It wouldn’t be difficult. Since Cas, pie had lost all appeal for him. Too many happy memories were tied to it.
“I didn’t know that. But it makes at lot of sense.” They were still standing in the library, none of the others seeming intent to sit down, and Dean wouldn’t admit that he had overestimated his strength and healing process.
Trying to calm himself some more, embracing every single moment he was allowed to be in Cas’ arms, Dean inhaled his scent until he remembered this wasn’t a one time occurrence. He was about to marry his angel if he managed to get his shit together and man up.
In his unconscious state of mind, Dean shuffled over to his little brother, wrapping his arms around him, and hugged him tightly. Soothed by the knowledge of his brother being safe, his dream finally dissipated and left him to sleep peacefully for the remainder of the night. It probably was the first time in months that his mind could fully rest for a moment.
Arriving at the car, Castiel opened the back door and carefully laid Dean down on the seat. Dean’s face colour was almost back to normal and his vital signs reassured Castiel that his grace was still speeding up the hunter’s healing process.
So Claire turned again, facing the booths, most of them occupied, and there the witch was, sitting with her back towards her. Holy crap, even the number on the tray was the same as the witch’s table. Hopefully Claire’s luck wouldn’t run out now.
Dean almost jumped when their hands touched, but didn’t pull his hand away. “’s nothing. Just take the damned gift.” Then, turning his back towards Castiel, Dean withdrew his hand and was suddenly very interested in his tools.
Be warned that today's chapter has passages with homophobic slurs. Skip the dream sequence if needed. You'll find a summary of the dream in the end notes.
After several minutes Dean broke the silence. “That could be me. If you hadn’t–” His voice trembled. Obviously he was fighting another set of emotions welling up inside him. “Shit, Cas! Sam–” Dean took a deep breath. “Sammy would have been on his own, all alone, having to see me burn.”
At that, Dean opened his mouth to respond but Castiel laid a hand on his shoulder, and at once he could feel his friend calm down. “Let’s dress, love.”
Dean chuckled and pressed a kiss on Castiel’s neck before he loosened the embrace and turned towards his brother. “Chill, Samantha. Nothing happened.”
Slowly Castiel tilted his head, a shy smile on his face. One minute turned into two, then three, five, possibly ten, and Castiel would easily have been standing there the whole day.
That expression had once smote whole civilisations. Wait? Hadn’t Jack said all of Cas’ power had been restored?
Waking from a dream like that, only to stare into the deep blue eyes that met his the moment Dean opened them had shook him to his bones.
“Hey, sunshine!” This whole thing still felt surreal. Waking up next to his angel had already turned into one of his most favourite things ever. Grinning wickedly, Dean dove in and stole a kiss. This time, despite his body still hurting way too much, it quickly got hungrier. Letting his tongue hover over Cas’ lips, Dean nibbled at Cas’ upper lip and eventually his angel opened up. Tongues languidly explored, flicking over teeth and wrestling each other. They only parted when Dean needed to take a breath, Cas already chasing after him, forgetting a mere human’s dire need for oxygen in his unwillingness to sever their connection.
Jack was handing bags to Eileen and Sam. “A burger for you,” he said to Eileen and reassured Sammy with, “Don’t worry, Sam. It’s a salad bowl.”
Sam and Eileen, who were mingled behind a laptop, gaped at them. When Sam opened his mouth, Dean raised his index finger to stop him. So his brother raised an eyebrow, and threw him a glare, indicating that he was done with his bullshit.
The older Winchester continued,  “He’s back. He’s powered up once again. He’s happy helping Jack upgrade Heaven.”
“Don’t worry. You’ll like them. Besides, you’re getting married.” Stepping in front of his older brother, Sam hugged him tightly. “I’m happy for you Dean. For the both of you.”
?” Dean didn’t know whether he should laugh out loud or fully activate his panic mode. This was too weird. Of all the books in the room, Lucifer’s son had picked
Opening his eyes, he embraced the sleeping man in his arms tightly. He needed to show Dean he was loved, so he could finally believe life had offered him another shot of happiness. “I love you, Dean Winchester. You’ll never be gone too far for me to stop loving you.”
“Not like this. But I can try something.” Castiel concentrated, willing his wings back to their usual plane. With a soft whoosh, they disappeared. “Better?”
Castiel stood erect, offering the underside of his right wing to Dean, so it would be easier for his friend to reach out to his primaries. Hesitantly, Dean moved his left hand towards the wing, stretching his index finger. Right before he closed the last inch to touch though, he looked back to Castiel, asking once more for permission.
Bent over the contraption he was building, Dean’s arms glistened with sweat and, in combination with the lights, he almost seemed to radiate. Dean was absolutely beautiful at this moment, even more so than usual, and Castiel found himself taking a step towards his friend, wanting nothing more than to be near him and bath in his warmth. Then, maybe, he would get the chance to touch and hold him in his arms. Imagining embracing Dean from behind, Castiel pictured kissing Dean’s neck, causing Dean to turn and gifting him one of his biggest smiles.
He was rocking on his knees, pressing the heels of his hands to his eyes, trying to control his breathing. This was getting ridiculous. And still, he couldn’t stop it as much as he wanted. Sam was okay. Of course, he was okay. And Cas– he would be back. He had promised to be back. Cas had come back to him. Cas loved him.
Dean lifted his welding goggles with both his hands, resting them on his temple. The goggles left imprints behind on Dean’s face. "Whatcha think it is?"
The motor came to life and Castiel hoped Dean would forgive him for taking this liberty, understanding there was no other choice. And there was one other decision Castiel had already made. Driving back to the motel, he collected Dean’s belongings and checked out, heading straight back to the bunker.
It would have been so easy to touch Dean’s hair and to caress his friend. But it was impossible. Not only because of Sam, even though the younger Winchester’s attention was solely on the road, but because of the man himself. Dean wouldn’t approve. At first, he would leash out and then he would retreat even further into himself and ignore Castiel for the rest of the day, maybe longer. His anger would break Castiel’s heart once again.
“I can do that,” Dean said gently. Wiggling his eyebrows seductively, he added in a lower tone, “When will the others arrive?”
With the feeling of Cas’ fingers stroking softly through his hair, an unfamiliar sensation of safety enclosed him, and Dean finally gave in and let sleep catch up with him.
Still nodding, Dean couldn’t believe this was happening. With quick hands Cas had opened Dean’s zipper and released some of the friction before skin touched skin and Dean took in a sharp breath. “Holy fuck, Cas! You told me you weren’t able to grasp sexual attraction.”
Nah, he was too happy for it. Djinns never got it right. They had always messed up some parts and never had gotten down to the things that really mattered to him.
Dean looked around. There were bodies of several vampires scattered on the floor. When his eyes fell on his sleeping brother, he caught a breath.
Castiel pressed Dean down on the ground with one hand, his wings still spread behind him. Once again he kissed his husband before his lips moved downwards. Dean tilted his head back, inviting Castiel to examine his neck further. And Castiel blissfully complied.
“Of course, I will lend you all the support we are able to give you. These children deserve their families to be found. There might be some old records down in the basement. I’ll ask my secretary to accompany you down there. Do you need anything else?” The principal stood.
Listening to Dean, Donna decided it was no use to try to help him on her own. It would be a fruitless endeavour. Luckily, she wasn’t alone tonight.
Suddenly, Castiel heard a shrill, manic laughter. He looked at the principal whose features had changed. Gone were the nice and gentle eyes of the principal. Instead the lines were contorted with rage and loathing.
Cas had raised an eyebrow in his usual manner and now was looking at him stoically, and yet tauntingly at the same time. “Let me know when you need the matches.”
Without a moment of hesitation, he stormed towards the building. Just by looking at them, the doors burst and crashed open. Purposefully, he walked into the barn, the human heart in his body beating heavily, knowing exactly what would await him inside. Thunder roared and sparks flew on his way towards the two persons he called family.
“Yes,” Castiel replied, his voice not giving away anything. “The pizza man hasn’t been funny for almost two decades.”
When Dean lowered his hand to the coat, Cas opened his eyes, frowning at the lost connection. “Coat. Off,” was all Dean managed to stammer, but it conveyed his intention enough that Cas helped him shed the offending garment, followed quickly by his suit jacket. Dean threw his flannel onto the growing pile of clothes on the floor and once again grabbed the angel’s hand, guiding him towards the bed. Like the evening before, Cas lied down on his back, but this time Dean placed himself right next to him, enveloping himself within Cas’ arms and resting his head on the angel’s shoulder, his left arm slung over Cas’ waist.
Turning around, he looked at Cas who was standing right there, grinning. Dean was faster in his arms than he would have thought possible. He was turning into a bloody sap. But guess what? Sue him. Burying his head in the bend between Cas’ shoulder and neck, Dean’s lips hovered over the exposed skin.
The newspapers had prominently covered the case, and although the connections between the elderly and the children were obvious even for them, no one could explain the unexplainable. Sam only wondered why anyone would go to such lengths.
I decided to give you an extra chapter this week. That means I'll post the last chapter next Monday. As someone who prefers to read complete stories, I think it's time to get there.
Dean sighed and immediately discerned the rustling sound of a well-known trench coat turning towards him. Still only on the edge of consciousness, Dean let sleep reclaim him, trying to escape his self-flagellating maelstrom, knowing deep down that this statement of Bobby’s was probably the most important sentence in his already dissipating dream.
Castiel could only imagine Dean’s reaction to this suggestion. But Dean wasn’t here and Castiel actually agreed with Sam. “Let’s go.”
“No?” Hope rose inside him, once again, and a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. “You liked it?”
Castiel could tell that Dean still felt responsible for him depleting his power. He watched as Dean tried to get out of the car by himself, struggling with his aching body and his sleepy state, eventually sitting back defeated and waiting for Castiel to help him. His friend didn’t even protest when Castiel hauled him out of the car which proofed how bad Dean’s physical condition still was. Slowly, they made their way to the door, Dean leaning heavily into Castiel, and entered the bunker, leaving their bags in the trunk to unpack later.
“You what?” Dean exclaimed, afraid this would bring them new trouble with the winged bastards. A hand on his thigh calmed him down but agitated him nonetheless when he realised whose hand it was and what he was – or wasn’t – wearing. A quick glance at Cas told him, the bastard knew exactly what he was doing, even though he still looked at Jack.
“You were alive? All that time?” Guilt clouded Dean’s eyes when he stared at Castiel. “What did it do to you?”
“I wouldn’t say you did not find anything. You actually achieved the contrary. We can eliminate quite a lot.”
“Shuddup, Gabe,” Dean mumbled but a huge smile appeared on his face. His hands had developed a life of their own and wandered over Cas’ body, mussing up his hair and holding him tight. “Dammit, it’s so good to have you back.”
“Why does Dean call you ‘Cas’, Castiel?” Leave it to the younger humans to touch the deep and interesting questions.
“I’m quite sure cupids had nothing to do with it, other than bringing your parents together”–Castiel squinted at Sam–“of course, there
Sleep? Did that mean he would get the chance to see Cas waking up in his arms in the morning? Awesome!
Thinking back, he didn’t know how he had arrived in Hastings to meet up with Sam and Jack. All he knew, he somehow had driven all the way from the bunker to Minnesota. Apart from that, everything was a blur. He didn’t even know when he had eventually left the dungeon and started on the nine hour drive. It might have been hours, it even could have been days until he finally had answered one of Sam’s numerous calls. It didn’t matter. Nothing mattered anymore.
While he had been distracted by Dean’s fate, Alastair got hold of the demon knife, grinning mischievously, and turned towards him. Defying another of Heaven’s orders, Castiel let his angel blade fall from his sleeve and attacked, gripping the weapon tightly. Whatever his superiors might say afterwards, the demon needed to die. The blade was his weapon of choice, his favourite.
“Don’t promise shit you can’t keep.” Dean could feel parts of his painstakingly erected inner wall breaking down. Being trapped between the shelf and the angel, unable to stabilise the crumbling structure or to flee, a single tear threatened to spill from his right eye.
Letting go of the T-shirt, Castiel brushed the tear away with his thumb before he tightly embraced the human who had taught him what it meant to love. Dean started to shiver, and slumped down in Castiel’s arms, his exhaustion finally catching up with him.
Today's chapter is up a little bit earlier than usual, but with GISH going on, I wanted to get this part of my Monday done so I can concentrate on the next items.
Thanks to Jack, everyone was back. Charlie was the first one to call. When she had come home, Stevie had been there waiting for her. Good for them. That was at least one happy ending. They deserved it. But it hurt. It hurt so fucking much when he could clearly make out her happiness over the phone.
This was wrong, completely and utterly wrong. Of course it was, and in a weird kind of way he was used to it. After all, it was his fucking life, his day-job, whatever. How often had he been hexed himself? He had been back to his teenage self, scared to death by a puppy, and turned into a grandpa. Hell, he had nearly lost his memory thanks to these freaking witches. Their life threw shit like this constantly in their way. Actually, it probably was just their usual day-to-day craziness. What did it matter? Now, he had not only a newborn: a nearly almighty but highly unstable and probably dangerous nephilim (The spawn of Lucifer, for hell’s sake!), and his once again resurrected fallen angel best friend to take care of, but also …
“Yes.” Cas nodded without severing their connection. “Yes, Dean, I meant it.” His voice was steady, but Donna saw tears welling up in his eyes.
Arriving at her truck, Claire wrestled the witch into the backseat, using some rope to make sure the other woman wouldn’t be able to move. Should Claire risk driving the whole way back to Lebanon with the witch as a cargo? It would be the easy way out since it wouldn’t have to be her who did the killing. They could make use of the bunker’s dungeon and, of course, Dean or Cas would take the deed from her, doing it themselves, just to keep Claire’s conscience clear.
Suddenly, a hand was resting on his left thigh, stroking it in tiny circles. Dream or not, Castiel groaned.
Dean felt the ground swaying beneath his feet. What a strange feeling. Strong arms caught him, and Cas’ soothing voice grounded him.
Immediately, Castiel turned to Dean who still lay motionless on the floor. Dreading the worst, Castiel crouched down next to his friend and felt relief flooding through him when he could feel by touch that Dean was alive, though badly hurt. Grace poured out of Castiel’s fingers faster than he could think about it, and yet, he knew it wouldn’t be enough to completely heal the wounds. Once it would have easily done, but not anymore. He was able to cure the worst, however, and that would keep Dean alive and out of danger, even though it would still take some time for his friend to fully recover. Broken bones were mended, internal bleedings had stopped, and the life-threatening effects of the heavy concussion were taken care of. Most of the cuts were closed, leaving Dean with a bad concussion and several severe bruises. One last spark of grace sent Dean to a deep, dreamless sleep.
How was he going to survive this angel, yet alone the next few minutes, not to mention their 1000 miles back home, just the two of them? Thinking of his baby, his mind was getting back to business, providing vivid images of all the steamy dreams of Cas inside the Impala. For over a decade he had been more or less successful at shutting them down every time Cas was sitting right next to him on their endless drives. All at once, they all came crashing down on him.
“What you think I’m doing?” Dean grumbled. Rolling his eyes at her, he returned to chopping vegetables. Dean and vegetables? Things got weirder and weirder.
Sadness suddenly clouded the room. When Castiel laid his eyes on Sam, the younger Winchester’s features showed a sorrow he didn’t understand.
want? And how had a frigging stalker gotten hold of his e-mail address. Far too curious, though scared what he mind find, he clicked back to the recycle bin and restored the mail.
They were all there when he finally tried it. It looked like one of those cheesy romcoms he would never admit having watched ... and liked. He preferred to think of this more of a badass action, fantasy or sci-fi flick. Like Aragorn walking the Paths of the Dead or Leia rescuing Han from Jabba’s Palace. Hell, he didn’t even mind being Leia.
His hands caressed Dean’s hair and face, and his left wing shielded them from the outside world while his right wing was closely folded behind his back, allowing him to lie on his side. The wing created an intimate bubble of reality that was completely their own. He never wanted to leave. Happily, he looked at his husband, resting his forehead against his.
And Sam and Jack were gone? Before Castiel gave in to desperation himself, he needed to keep calm, especially to soothe Dean. There must be a perfectly logical explanation. Until Castiel had gathered more information he wouldn’t let himself despair. “What happened?”
“Wait?” Sam’s irritated voice sounded through the library. “You two idiots still didn’t believe this was real? What did you do all the time you spent together since yesterday? Wait, no. Don’t tell me. I really don’t want to know.”
“Mojo me to recover faster? Nah, let’s just wait a bit and I promise you I’ll be more than ready for round two. Though you could mojo this.” He gestured with his hand over his chest. “It gets a bit sticky here.”
For now, Dean was fine, more than fine. His wings still tingled from the touches, sending sparks through his body and grace. Trying to suppress these feelings for now, Castiel wondered what “Later” would imply but was eager to find out.
Watching Dean, he realised the hunter was fidgeting, drumming on the wheel and wiggling with his legs, silently mouthing the lyrics of the song they were listening to. So Dean was nervous too. Was he regretting his choices? Would Dean rather resume their friendship like it had been – before?
look. These bastards would love to drown a bag of puppies and even boast about it. As far as he knew they probably had done it. That’s why they deserved to rot in Hell, Purgatory, the Empty or wherever they ended up when they were ...
“What? Hell, no! That would be so fucking wrong on too many levels. But look at them. He’s at peace.”
Dean stuffed bacon and eggs in his mouth, only to speak with his full mouth. “First thing today, I’ll try to get a hold of our favourite sheriff in Sioux Falls.”
“Despite your fears, we could take Sam and Jack with us and team up with Claire. That way, one or two of us will always be able to watch both of them and the others can hunt the witch.”
It didn’t take more. Despite their years of longing and misunderstandings, right now they knew exactly what the other was thinking, and mutually decided to forego all further explanation. It had been a narrow escape for both of them. Their fears and insecurities for now buried under the rushing emotions of both of them being alive, they bathed in the closeness of each other.
“Yes, now. Dean, I want you. You can’t imagine how much I want you.” He let his eyes roam over the perfect body next to him. “But not like this. Not with you threatening to fall asleep any minute.”
He knew Sam was safe and happy with Eileen. The moment she had knocked at the bunker’s door and Sam had opened it for her, had hurt so much even more after the bad joke Lucifer had played on him. Though missing Cas couldn’t stop him from being happy for them. Hell, Sammy deserved it.
Once again, they started slowly, but, soon, things got heated. Hands were everywhere, pulling at clothes, searching for the tiniest patches of skin. Dean’s mouth trailed over Castiel’s face, beneath his ear and down his neck. Dean kissed, nibbled, and sucked his skin, and Castiel gladly reciprocated.
“You seem eager to see me.” A grin spread over the angel’s face, also covering his voice. Cas’ hand was suddenly in Dean’s hair, caressing him, and then their lips met.
Soon, they would arrive at the bunker. After a week-long strenuous hunt Castiel expected the Winchesters to stay for a while at the place that had become their home. They needed to rest, especially Dean, who had been hurt badly, again. Despite Castiel’s healing powers, his friend would require several days to fully recover.
Sad puppy dog eyes looked at him that would certainly break even the heart of the most heartless of beings. Though, on second thought, probably not. He could think of more than a few assholes they had encountered over the years that wouldn't even blink when confronted with
There was nothing he could do to stop the growing flush on his face. Turning to face his angel fully, a thought struck him, and he frowned. “How come you didn’t realise yesterday at the diner?”
“Oh, baby.” Dean kissed him. “You were there the whole time. Did that sound as if I was disappointed?”
Suddenly, the door screeched and Dean stumbled back, releasing Castiel who immediately felt the loss. Sam’s head appeared in the gap of the opened door.
Suddenly, something soft brushed his cheek, wiping away his tears. His whole body tingled with the same sensations he had experienced earlier when he had touched Cas’ wings. Dean tore his eyes open, blinking at the person opposite him. There he was. Messy dark hair, the stupid trench coat he loved so much, and eyes, eyes bluer than the ocean and so much deeper. Only the soft smile, barely recognisable most of the time, was missing. The features on his face were grave.
“It’s okay, Dean. We stopped for a farmers' market. Sam is safe. He’s somewhere out there, talking about witchcraft with one of the vendors. I might have left him,” Castiel admitted, “because I wanted to give you this.” Picking up the paper bag, he had left next to the car in the grass, Castiel handed it to Dean.
“See, you are perfect for each other.” Sam bumped friendly against Castiel’s shoulder, grinned and jumped back to his feet. “Now take my brother to his bed or lay him down on the couch if you want to stay here. The floor isn’t the right place for any of us.”
“Hello, Dean.” His eyes lit up when he looked at the older of the two, probably lingering a moment too long. “Good morning, Sam,” he added to greet both of them accordingly.
“Nooooo.” He couldn’t move, his body frozen by the replay of his most recent trauma. It happened again. Tears started to flow over his face and he sobbed uncontrollably. All he could do was watch.
Dean’s eyes shot up, meeting his own. Grief was clouding the usual vibrant green and Castiel didn’t need to hear any further confirmation to know he was right. More than ever he wished he could tell his friend everything but he didn’t want to risk losing their friendship and his only family on Earth or any other plane of existence. Castiel was afraid, although after witnessing his friend’s reaction he finally allowed himself to hope for more.
Dean looked at Cas, grabbed his hand, and together they started to run towards the tiny golden point at the horizon.
There would be a time to let grief consume him completely. But that time could not be now. Too much was at stake. After everything – if there ever were an after –, there would be a time to fall apart.
“Actually, I can think of a few.” Dean wiggled his eyebrows for which he deserved an answering eye-roll. He received a friendly nudge and a quick peck on his lips.
Sam turned towards him. “Let’s hope this will lift the spell on the victims. Otherwise we’ll have to find another way to transform the kids back to their real ages. Now we just have to get rid of the body in broad daylight inside a pre-school.” He sighed. “We can’t leave her ...”
He didn’t know how he came back, why he was alive, again, or who had brought him back. Although he had a good guess who was responsible. His father’s plans were irritating.
“Hey, assbutt!” When Michael turned, Castiel threw the Molotov cocktail, peppered with a dose of holy fire, towards him, creating the vital moment Dean needed alone with his brother to get through to Sam. This was all he could do to save them. Michael’s eyes set on him and instantly Castiel could feel himself disintegrating. What a weird experience.
“Sam did, although with a slight ... hiccup.” Castiel stumbled over his phrasing. How was he supposed to tell Dean the news?
Cas gestured him to come over. Reluctantly, Dean stood up. Arriving at where they were both standing, he hugged Jack tightly, whispering “Thank you” in the kids ear – despite his new status, Jack would always be the kid for him – before Dean was drawn back into Cas’ arms. Sue him, he finally was allowed there without a reason and it felt too fucking good to resist.
How could he soothe his brother when he knew for sure that he wasn't wrong? He still was pointing his gun at the empty space in front of him. These corridors weren't homey and once upon a time freaking evil Elphaba had been stored in the lab.
Claire turned towards him, grinning. “Go, look after your boyfriend. I have this.” As she headed out, running in pursuit of the witch, she gestured Castiel to call her and then she was gone.
The cold gripped his feet and rose through his legs, numbing everything in its way. Suddenly, he knew exactly what was happening. He tried to fight it, struggling with all his force, but he soon had to realise that he wasn’t able to move any longer. The entity had bound him completely.
. You you. I told you once, ‘Don’t ever change’. But guess what? You did. We both did. And in whatever form we were together all those years, not together together, like actually together, though you actually might say we were together, at least that was how it felt for me...”
Dean leaned heavily against the door, cursing his aching body, yet unable to stop the sound escaping from his mouth, some weird thing between a groan and a chuckle, when his thoughts returned to a similar scene earlier that night. Hell, one day he wouldn’t have the mental strength to resist this angel any longer and doom their friendship for good.
“Thanks!” Dean grinned at his brother, before he glanced at Castiel and pressed their hands together even further. “Home?” he asked, his voice tender.
Dean embraced him, pulling Castiel down to lay on his bare chest, only to groan annoyed when he realised that Castiel was still completely dressed. His upset unmistakable, Dean grabbed his jacket and shirt and tugged at them fiercely, grumbling, “Off!”
“Aww!” Sam sighed. Dean’s gaze flew to his brother who was mimicking a swoon, both hands pressed over his heart.
Now, they were running through Lebanon, driving down Elm Street. Castiel’s anticipation started to rise to levels he didn’t know he had.
“We didn’t want to risk frying you, so you might still need to recover the conventional way,” Cas explained.
“I might have done just that.” He couldn’t help but grin broadly, being happier than ever before. They were still bantering, and yet it had taken on a level he had never deemed possible, never dared to hope for. It was too good to be true. Deep down he feared this was just another, crueller attempt of the Empty to torture him. It didn’t matter, though. As long as he could be with Dean – especially with Dean reciprocating his feelings who wanted him too, in all kinds of ways – Castiel was content. He was happy. This was all he ever wanted and more. So much more.
Dean lounged on his bed with his laptop in front of him when he heard a soft thud from outside his door. Turning back to the screen since it probably was nothing more than the old structure of the bunker making the usual strange noises, he tried to concentrate on the things in front of him. However, shortly after, another sound reached his ears, this time some kind of squeaking. There was definitely someone at his door. Better safe than sorry, he grabbed his gun from under his pillow and quietly made his way over to the door. When he arrived there, he cocked his gun and carefully turned the doorknob before yanking the door open just to see … nothing? There was just the vast empty hallway in front of him.
Dean was already moving back, but suddenly Cas’ eyes opened, staring at Dean in wonder. Chasing after Dean, Cas’ hands gripped both of Dean’s shoulders, and he reciprocated. And how he reciprocated! Cas’ lips locked over Dean’s, his tongue already brushing over Dean’s lips.
Earlier he had found the two frightened boys and returned them home, or at least what remained of it. Before he had left them in good care, soon to be reunited with their mother, he had altered their memories, taking away the most horrible images but leaving their knowledge of what had happened. He could have changed that, too, but experience had shown that a gap in memories comprised in most cases a danger of mental disorder. The probability was even higher than that of a mental health illness due to their trauma. As much as he would have liked to help further, he could only hope they would be okay. The human mind was far trickier to heal than the body, even with an angel’s grace.
Sam came nearer and settled down next to Castiel on the floor, looking at him with big sad eyes. “I don’t think discussing all these things behind Dean’s back is the right way to do it. It’s not fair to him. Just consider this: We were raised to hunt, fear, and distrust all things supernatural. For decades he believed that if something is supernatural he has to kill it. With you things were different. Yeah, he tried to kill you too when you first met face to face. But now? He trusts you, trusted you early in your relationship. Even back then he told you things he never would have told me. In hindsight it’s more than understandable. I wasn’t trustworthy when I was hanging out with Ruby and high on demon blood.” Sam forced a grin. “All I mean is that your relationship was special from the very beginning.”
given everything to make sure of that. This last sacrifice would allow Dean a chance to live the life he always had wished for. The life Dean always had deserved to live.
“That is actually a really good comparison, I like it. I never thought of it that way.” Cas smiled, his head tilted. “But no, the other one. Pi as in Archimedes’ constant.”
At the same moment, Dean squeezed his palm, eyes mirroring the same feelings that were boiling inside him. He could swear he heard a hoarsely whispered “Later” escaping from Dean’s lips, but then again, it might as well have been his imagination playing tricks on him.
Cursing his life, Dean let himself fall back into his pillow when another fragment of the dream shot back into his mind, finally breaking the loop for good. “
Their long drive home felt amazingly like old times. Nothing had changed except their now tangled hands between them. And yet, everything was new. His longing for Castiel remained. Their mutual sexual tension only grew stronger with every passing hour. If he accelerated Baby a bit too much in the process, sue him. The sooner they got back home the sooner they could catch up where they had been interrupted earlier.
“Uh, Cas, we still should call Claire. Before ... you know, whatever.” The human looked sheepishly down to his shoes, a hint of red on his cheeks. How could Castiel ever miss these obvious signs of Dean being smitten with him? It looked very good on the other man.
“Sunshine, love, you don’t need to do this.” Dean sat up, cupping the angel’s face with both hands and kissing down his way from Cas’ temple, over his eyes and nose to his mouth, Dean’s thumbs softly caressing his friend’s cheeks.
Hovering above Dean, his friend was beautiful. For a moment, Castiel just stared at him. His eyes were shining even more than usual due to his dilated pupils. His cheeks were reddened, and his lips swollen from their kisses. Dean’s breath was accelerated and his heart was racing.
“Yeah, you scared us. Thankfully, Jack was there. He said you’d be fine and vanished. Though he promised to be back today.”
“Since when are you that strait-laced, Sammy?” Dean wiggled his eyebrows, grinning at his brother. Great, even that movement hurt. Resigned Dean fell back against Cas. “That’s your mojo again, sunshine, floating through my system?”
online fandom. Nope, not to think back to some of the things that had burned his eyes there. Though, he had liked the musical. Those girls had done a damn good job, even though he never got the chance to see the second act.
Dean scowled at him, before his curiosity got the better of him and his friend ripped open the bag. A broad grin appeared on Dean’s face when he took in the item Castiel had brought him. “Pie!? You brought me pie? Damn it, Cas. I love you,” Dean burst out, his voice still heavy with sleep.
Wait. Had the bastard just used air-quotes while cupping his face and holding him? “Asshole! Screw you!”
Cheers erupted throughout the audience, but Dean and Cas had only eyes for each other. One chaste kiss led to another and, not before long, they started to fully make out in front of everyone.
“Of course,” Dean gritted out, still barely able to contain himself from rolling his eyes again. A friendly slap on his hand and a glare threatening to smite, convinced him not to try his luck any more.
an angel. ... My angel,” Dean added on a softer note. “And though all angels are dicks, most of them at least – present company excluded – ...”
“Cas.” Dean’s voice was barely recognisable. Castiel ran towards the sound and finally, he saw him. Slumped on the ground, only held upright in a sitting position by the tire he was leaning on, Dean looked horrible. His face bloody and swollen, none of his usual features recognisable, and instantly Castiel knew this was bad. Without his powers, he couldn’t help him. He didn’t know any human form of first aid, didn’t know what to do. He was completely useless.
Keeping the witch a prisoner forever wouldn’t work. Claire could bring her to the bunker and deliver her to Dean’s wrath, but whatever Claire decided, given the current circumstances, would most likely result in the witch’s death. And it wouldn’t be a fight but an execution. Claire had killed her share of monsters but she wasn’t certain if she had the guts to kill a human.
Was this how Orpheus had felt when he had rescued Eurydice? Or was Cas his Orpheus and he Eurydice? He hoped neither was true. Cas had already been successful in saving him from Hell, now it was his turn to return that favour.
How could he have been so stupid and overlooked the fucking obvious? From the moment on Cas had returned with Sammy, all of Dean’s thoughts had circled around the fact that he had to keep the kid safe. Dean had fallen back to his childhood habits without realising that the spell only could be broken when the witch was hunted down and killed properly. For a while, he had seen Sammy only as the little boy he currently was and not as the full grown man who had defied Lucifer, stopped the impending Apocalypse single-handedly and had become the finest and smartest hunter Dean had ever encountered.
Sully jumped back at the swearword, covering his ears and glowered at Dean. Sam looked up to his brother and copied the Zanna’s movements.
“Hey! Lemme help you.” Dean stepped into his space and straightened the tie. “There! Perfect, angel. Come here.”
“What happened? All I remember is that you, uh, younger you came running towards me and ...” Suddenly it hit Dean. “Oh! No, no, no!
“That’s the point,” Sully explained. “We couldn’t go outside in the middle of the night. With the new moon it was too dark. So as soon as Sam was awake and it dawned we went outside. Had we known you were back we would have waited, of course.”
“So, if nothing will change, you’ve got nothing to lose. Come on, call your angel, Dean,” Jody ordered.
For a blink of an eye, a predatory grin Dean had never seen before spread over Cas’ face. But then something in Cas’ features changed drastically. “You really like
Claire sat on the couch, watching TV or whatever the kids called it today. She had her feet propped up on the table and Kaia, who was lying next to her on the couch, rested her head in Claire’s lap. Donna smiled when she spotted Claire’s hand buried in Kaia’s hair. The fierce hunter caressed her girlfriend in a way that melted Donna’s heart and lifted her already good mood even further.
Dean froze slack-jawed, still processing his angel’s pointed remark while Sam started coughing heavily.
“Another thing I messed up spectacularly,” Dean mumbled into Castiel’s chest, lifting the covers back over his head. Castiel knew what he meant. Dean was still struggling with accepting Jack. He wanted to, but the distrust was ingrained in the hunter. All Dean needed was time. Castiel would happily give it to Dean when it meant they could avoid the inevitable argument between them.
Besides, their story already deviated from Chuck’s trash. Jack hadn’t left to become the rain. He still kept in contact with them. Miracle was staying with Jody in Sioux Fall. Donna had taken care of that. A stray for the strays. The pup deserved to live in a loving family home.
"Sammy? Son of a …" He stopped in his tracks. Even though Sammy was used to his fucking R-rated language and guilty as charged himself, for fuck’s sake, this was him back as a still completely innocent kid. And he would not spoil his little brother when he finally could have some peace. However fucked up this whole mess was.
“Dean? He sleeps like a baby. We leave him here. At least, that way he can’t complain,” Sam scoffed.
Dean found himself being steered backwards as their mouths explored each other, one step after the other, until his back hit Baby with a thump. But Cas didn’t stop there. Crowding Dean’s space, he firmly pressed their bodies together. There was no way Dean could hide his body’s reactions any longer. Cas’ leg was between Dean’s, his thigh pressing against Dean’s crotch.
Sadness arose in Castiel. Without a hunt, Sam and Dean wouldn’t need him any longer and he didn’t want to overtax their welcome. Perhaps he could check up in Heaven, see how things were going. He dreaded it, but where else should he go?
“Okay, okay. I get it. Message received.” Dean lowered his bag on the floor and tossed them each a hex bag. “These are usually Sam’s area of expertise but luckily we still had some in stock. They’re quite useful for general protection.” Dean rifled through the bag, finally unearthing what he had been looking for and handing everyone some bullets. “Witch-killing bullets. Aim for the head.”
“Son of a bitch! You let her escape? How’s that even possible?” Dean yelled. He knew he shouldn’t be that angry with Cas since it had been his fault, and his fault alone, but the anger built up inside him, trying to find an outlet and Cas was right in front of him. “So you abandoned the hunt? Where the fuck are we?”
When they arrived at Dean’s room, the human stopped, his hand on the doorknob. “Thanks, Cas. I think I’ll manage from here.”
“Awesome!” Dean eventually exclaimed, grinning, having used the time trying to find a new starting point for his thoughts. “So, ‘Don’t ever change!’ I meant it. I met you. You in the future. But not you. Fallen, stoned, orgy you. Future you was different. I liked past you better, real you. My version.
“How shall I know whether I’m sexually attracted to someone if I don’t think I know how it feels to be sexually attracted to anyone? I can study the theoretical meaning of sexual attraction, though it doesn’t mean I’m able to grasp it.”
“There never was anyone else,” Castiel heard himself admit. “Only you. I tried, but the others never stood a chance.”
“Yes, he said so his morning, several times. I don’t understand why being an angel seems to be a problem, though.”
“I love you, Dean Winchester.” Love. Cas’ eyes were full of love. Not just the ubiquitous love for all living beings, no, right now all he saw was Cas’ love for him. So much love it almost hurt. Overwhelmed, he closed his eyes. He didn’t deserve it. How could an angel be in love with him?
And who the hell was Jenny? Some random chick he couldn’t save ages ago? Chuck probably thought this was funny and served him right.
Suddenly, the sounds changed drastically. Dean was screaming. Without a moment of hesitation, Castiel burst into the room, only to find Alastair shoving Dean against the hexacle, holding him by his throat. Dean was dangling in his grip, feet off the ground, fighting desperately for his breath. Seeing the demon knife on the table, Castiel grabbed it and attacked, stabbing Alastair’s shoulder. The demon turned to face the inflicted wound and let go of the human. Lifeless, Dean’s body slumped to the floor. Castiel was too late. How could he be too late?
“And I’m out,” Sam proclaimed. His chair creaked when it slid over the ground, before fast and heavy footsteps hurried to the door. His brother grabbed Eileen and soon the door shut behind them, leaving Dean and Cas alone in the room.
“In his grief Dean accused me of not caring. He attacked me because I didn’t mourn you as much as he did. And he was right. I didn’t. While I was able to go on with my life, Dean couldn’t. After all, I wasn’t the one who was and still is in love with you. This time it was even worse.”
are the most loving person on Earth and I love you. I want to spend eternity with you – be it on Earth or in Heaven or wherever we’ll end up.”
The witch just rambled on. “For some kind of reason this wannabe excuse of a witch likes those idiot brothers Winchester you’re hanging out with. I’m really regretting that I wasn’t successful last night. Time to end this charade!”
When they reached Dean’s room, Dean stopped and turned towards him. Wiggling his eyebrows seductively to invite him in, Dean tightened the grip on his hand when they finally entered. This step felt huge. The tension between them was still growing, fuelled by years of unresolved want, hopes and dreams, misunderstandings, and deep bonds of friendship. And yet, through all of this he perceived a nervous energy, a fear that this was too good to be true, that soon everything would fall apart. Once again, it threatened to overwhelm him. Had he understood Dean’s intentions the right way? What if he had been completely wrong?
Yet, it had been far more than that. He needed to do his penance and separate himself from the blazing sunshine that was Dean Winchester.
“Yes. Those seniors never met, at least not recently. Some even haven’t been able to leave their homes for years. I don’t think it’s a cursed object. How could the object have affected only those it was meant for? No, that would be far too many coincidences. And we’ve never come across a monster that de-ages its victims. There are some in the lore, but none of them fit our pattern.” Sam sounded convinced and Castiel could follow his reasoning easily. He was right, a witch was most probable.
Castiel grabbed the pizza boxes from Dean and threw them across the room, aiming for the table, but missed by miles. The boxes slid across the floor and came to halt when they hit the cabinet. But Castiel didn’t care. Taking Dean’s hand, he led his friend inside.
