Dean knows he’s babbling, but he can’t stop himself. Not when a life with Cas is within arm’s reach, literally. But Dean does not want to reach out and touch him yet, not when he hasn’t heard Cas’ stance yet.
, Balthazar said with disinterest. Castiel and he listened as their siblings sang in the Heavenly choirs. If Dean could hear this, could hear
Cas’ trenchcoat is a bit cold though. He smells of forest green, Dean notices, allowing his free hand to run through the dark, damp hair, watching Cas lean into the touch with relish. Stares at Cas’ mouth. Wonders what he would taste like.
“I already thought of some stuff to do,” she tells Jack, who nods with a serious face. He’s the perfect guy to hatch a plan with her like that.
Hastily, Dean licks his lips, eyes chasing back to Cas. He panics at the thought of his treasured Castiel, brokenhearted, turning back into an antique right before his eyes. He really had to outright say it, huh? No way around it?
It isn’t the same with Eileen, or even Jack and Sam. Dean would always turn around to wave them from his little boat.
The second step is picking flowers, because flowers were always very romantic. “And then I said – oh,
He was interrupted by a psychic calling for him: “I invoke, conjure, and command you, appear unto me before this circle!”
Sometimes Castiel had trouble looking away from his face, too, and one time, his heart jumped when Dean flashed him a gleeful smile. It was even nicer when Dean would actively search eye contact and make Castiel look at him.
They bake together and talk a bit more, about this and that. About how enthusiastically Jack had helped bake the first sheet and hasn’t let anything burn. About how busy the streets were with Christmas shoppers. “It was… quite the buzz.”
Castiel swallowed and watched him clench his jaw. “Because God commanded it,” he replied in as truthful a voice he could muster. He wanted Dean to be comfortable. He wondered if Dean could feel his warmth on his skin, and if it brought him complacence.
“Yeah, don’t worry about me,” Cas replies far too loudly for it to be genuine. He sniffs and slowly turns around to the tree.
“Don’t give me those eyes, man. You come in here, you know what you sign up for: you snack cookie dough and you get into flour fights. Provided you help clean up afterwards, so I hope you ain’t busy.”
Cas notices him before he says anything: “Ah – hello, Dean,” he smiles as he leaves the Christmas lights and turns to Dean, dark hair glistening as though snowflakes have melted in it – and despite the overwhelming situation, it does not escape Dean’s attention that his blue angel eyes take him in all shamelessly.
It takes Dean a moment to remember that he wanted to tell Jack about Elf on the Shelf, but just when he opens his mouth to speak, Cas steps into the library with two mugs in his hands.
Clueless human. She did not know the danger of summoning an angel. Castiel stopped dead in his tracks to make her go away, but she was persistent. How was that possible?
And now this. A disaster, just like the tries that had come before it. If Castiel wanted to save his reputation in the eyes of God, he needed to make Dean believe in angels.
What should be the cutest thing Dean has ever heard in his life sounds like an elegy when spoken by Castiel; it makes Dean want to cry, but he bites back the sob that built up in his throat. Gently, he lifts Cas’ rough hand and places a warm kiss on his fingers. “C’mon,” he says, softer than before.
Castiel figured that the reason for what was stirring his heart came from within. Defense, yes, because the hard part of the mission – saving Dean Winchester from Hell – had worked out formidably, but also remorse at his own mistakes. He was inept. And prideful. What had he been thinking, just talking to Dean without considering he might not belong to those who could hear the angels speak?
And this year has been all about finding himself. Tonight, Castiel would be the crowning moment of this journey, just like he has been its glorious starting point years ago. Tonight, Dean would finally tell him.
“How are you?” Cas asks. Oh, Dean has missed his voice. He sighs when Cas rubs his arm with a strong hand, creating a warm cloud between them. “I’m fine, I’m doing fine,” he says with the stupidest grin in the world. “I missed you so much, my friend.”
Castiel tried another smile, still not breaking eye contact. He did not like the fear in Dean’s face. He imagined it looked prettier when it was sunlit and full of love, as it should.
Dean holds his coffee cup with concentration. “What’s that?” he asks on his way out and points upwards.
“Dean.” Cas closes the book with rough hands. Clings onto it. Dean looks up to find him shake his head in disbelieve, as though this was all to mock him and his desire to walk the Earth when it wasn’t sleeping beneath the snow. As though
“Yes,” his dad says and laughs, although it’s quieter than before. Maybe, just maybe, tomorrow could be Plan B for his happiness.
Jack is so sad that he doesn’t even want to talk. It’s only late in the evening, on his bed, when his dad asks him what’s wrong. He doesn’t know anything about the plan, and Jack does not want to tell him about it now.
Cas just tilts his head, lips parted, and Dean aborts. He isn’t exactly in peak condition for talking. “Uhh, listen,” he says, all tense, “you seen Sam?”
Dean rolls his hips forward to meet Cas, seeking friction. Bashfully, he reaches for that messy blue tie, loosens it, half-way slides the trenchcoat down from Cas’ shoulders and earns a possessive lip bite in return. As if to reward him for the move, Cas’ hands are on his chest again, and he starts rolling both nipples between his fingers – good
“You’re baking,” Cas says, obviously, and puts down the bag he’s been carrying, from downtown. Dean is pretty sure those were Christmas presents. At least he wishes they are. He can hardly wait for the twenty-fifth anymore – it’s like being a four-year-old again. Like Jack, kinda.
It’s long past midnight, and the mistletoe beneath the door to the Dean Cave takes the fucking biscuit. “Son of a bitch,” Dean curses, practically foaming. Goddammit, this was enough – he doesn’t want his brother making out with his girlfriend under
Funny, Castiel thought. He then noticed the burn his hand had left on it earlier. He knew it would only be a minor inconvenience for someone as strong as Dean Winchester, and yet an unpleasant feeling of guilt washed through him. This had never happened before. He must have been distracted. He should be more careful next time.
Jack says nothing, but he can tell Claire watches him work. “I can’t draw at aaaall,” she says at one point.
With his angel strength, Cas could probably lift it just like that. Probably hummed a song on his way inside here with a whole ass tree over his shoulder.
Heartbeat quickening, Dean steps closer to the tree’s mighty branches and walks around it. And then, on the other side, he can see Castiel, through green needles and warm light.
“Um… sorry?” he utters, clueless. He scratches his head when Cas does not turn around. His deep voice just hums as he fumbles with the lights.
Letting go of any restraint that might have been left, he all but melts into Cas’ familiar warmth, completely letting himself fall. Meeting his touch. Lowering his fucking arm to finally embrace Cas properly and getting pulled even closer. With a sigh, he finds a tab at the back of the trenchcoat to hold onto.
“I’ve collected them all year. Pressed them with newspapers. Not that many flowers to see in December after all. Here, I wrote down the name – place I found them – and checked whether the bees liked them, so we could go and… watch them do their thing.”
With a helpless smile and a shaking arm, Dean raises the bundle above his head. It’s the best he can do at the moment. “It ain’t a doorway,” he smiles timidly. “But I got bowlegs, so… y’know, that may as well count.”
him anything – he wasn’t a goddamn idiot – but why did they have to make this family holiday about… making out?
“Look inside,” Dean says proudly. Takes the box so that Cas can open the small notebook and see what Dean had placed inside. “Flowers?” Cas asks with wondrous eyes gazing right into Dean’s.
“It’s not a friendship thing, Dean! You said it yourself! I was… selfish, maybe, to do this, and I’m sorry you disliked it so much, but I couldn’t help myself,” Cas babbles with wide eyes and whirling arms, “because I’m
“I guess I’m just the type of person to stay alone,” Dean remembers Cas saying back when they were still new – Screw that, ‘cause Dean will sure as hell not drop this.
“And getting worse. I’m glad to be home now, actually,” Cas says when he cuts out a chocolate cookie, blissfully unaware of his surroundings. Dean gets ready to attack him with a handful of flour, but then Cas straightens up (to compliment him on the music playing from the CD player?) and catches him right in the act, with a playful hand holding Dean’s wrist in place.
They have a passionate snowball fight in the middle of the night, but Dean retreats once Sam catches Eileen from behind and holds her still for a kiss that is accompanied by the single most cheesiest handholding Dean has ever seen in his entire life. And he watched Hallmark movies, for God’s sake. Time to get inside and under a hot shower.
Dean and his friend had been careful with all the sigils, but of course they were useless against the powers of Heaven. Carefully, Castiel walked inside. Slowly, to not startle them, but determined enough to let them know what they were up against.
Especially when they are spent doing stuff like washing Baby, or doing grocery shopping, or baking Christmas cookies. Cas likes using the snowman cookie cutter. Somewhen, he says that it kind of looks like Dean – which makes absolutely no sense, but Cas delights in his own comparison anyway.
He’s blond and raises his hand in a weird way to say hello. “Jack is new here,” Miss Leahy explains with her voice and her hands. “Be nice to him, all right?”
The core of Dean Winchester’s soul was now so carefully tucked away that Castiel wanted to reach out and wipe away the walls Dean had put up. He was fascinating to look at.
Cas’ gaze falls sideways. “I told you how I saw you,” he remembers. His eyes meet Dean’s again, and now he seems to understand. Blinks. “Dean…”
Jack and Claire sprint inside. It really is warmer here, and they spend some time with their dads at the table and talk about playing soccer, and Jack’s dad shares some interesting stuff he knows about bees. He also says that he finds Claire and her daddy ‘very lovely’, and Claire’s daddy says that he and Jack look completely alike, which Claire disputes loudly. Jack has blond hair after all.
“And, oh, here – the last pages are empty, so you can go and find some yourself, collect an’ press ‘em if you find them pretty.”
Both breathe in deeply, gasping at the sudden closeness, as if it’s something new. It is, and it’s not at the same time – they feel different, soaking in the other’s warmth.
Lips pressed together, Dean takes his Batman mug. “Perfect timing,” he says. “Yeah,” Jack agrees, “thank you.”
Once again, Dean ignores his racing heart in favor of a clumsy wink, which makes Cas roll his eyes. But after only a few minutes, he sings again. Smiles to himself.
Jack wants to say that he’s not late on purpose, and that he likes talking to his dad, but all that comes out of his mouth is, “No!”
His awe makes Cas’ face break into a hearty grin, and he squeezes Dean’s shoulders tightly. “They’ll all wonder who stole the tree topper,” he smiles with tears flowing down his face.
Oh! The birthday party! Jack had totally forgotten about that – “Yes, great! Did you get the present?”
“I am so sorry it took me so long,” he utters. “I’m so sorry for pushing you away, year after year after year. I was blind, Cas.
“Huh,” Dean says, “I knew that.” He takes a sip of his coffee and walks back to the kitchen. “Either way,” he calls over his shoulder, “I’m gonna get you two under that bad boy.” Or Cas, he adds in his mind. It’s too cute a picture to not imagine it.
Cas’ gravelly voice gently guides Dean back to the marketplace. “You seem preoccupied,” he notices. “Are you all right?”
Dean loves Cas for all he is, for every single quirk. Even the annoying patterns of speech and inability to sort laundry the right way. The stubbornness (especially on hunts), and the weirdly suggestive use of emojis in texts that sometimes make Dean giggle like a teenager.
Dean shifted. “Buddy, next time, lower the volume,” he said. His voice was softer now, and he had called Castiel ‘buddy’. Castiel’s gaze fell to the ground, as though he had no control over his vessel at all. Lord have mercy, he wanted to sink into the ground. He should explain his fallacy.
And Dean all but melts – oh, fuck, FUCK! His heart is close to pounding out of his chest, blood pumping through his ears and all, because after all of this, something needs to be
It was nice bathing in the warmth of his body, even though the physicality was challenging, and Dean was not particularly fond of too much closeness. He called it ‘personal space’.
Mistletoes everywhere, jaunty lovebirds making out in literally every corner of the bunker, and here’s Dean, withering away as the pining mess he is. He’s vaguely angry at Sam and his damned unawareness about the whole matter. Not that Dean has
feels like the first true family festivity in years, having Eileen around and basically nothing to worry about besides missing holiday decorations. The only downside is Sam’s lovey-dovey smugness. And the fact that the thought of never having something like
He lets Dean cup his face and stroke a thumb over the blush that sits so high on his cheekbones. The lights flicker with when he blissfully presses out his name, again and again.
Maybe he just wasn’t destined to have a special connection to this human, no matter how badly he wanted to. Now, Dean was very defensive about Castiel’s vessel, about what was happening, and Castiel had the unpleasant feeling that it was
When Dean withdraws, breathing heavily, he notices the afterimage of a rainbow-colored halo around Castiel’s dark hair. “You’re gorgeous…”
Claire beams in Jack’s direction when they notice who is standing next to Daddy – it’s Jack’s dad! He holds a coffee mug and stands right next to Claire’s dad, patting Miracle’s head. Surely they talked about their
When Miss Bradbury and Miss Leahy introduce Jack, Claire does not pay him particular attention. Kaia, Patience and her have been busy playing monster hunters when their teachers have called them for the introduction round.
It’s just – he likes Cas, all right. He adores the soft smile of this goofball of an angel, and the blink-and-you’ll-miss-it prickling of his skin that Dean always figured must be some sort of cosmic radiation – one that, by now, is far too familiar than it has any right to be. He loves how Cas weaves his sweet-tempered presence into everyday tasks. Like, he helps do the dishes.
Cas gives him a tired look and puts down the mugs, the ones with the Batman and Robin designs. It looks so cute – no one sprinkles cocoa powder on top of the cream quite like Cas. Dean’s seen him do it once, with a raised pinky.
“I’m sure the wedding will be lovely,” Cas says as they walk to the park, their second destination. It’s so cold tonight that the cupid fountain at the entrance froze solid. The icicles glitter when they pass them by.
Dean loves that Eileen would stay for Christmas; it adds to his already giddy mood. With Sam the Grinch being gone and Miracle the dog added to the family, nothing stood in the way of a truly wholesome Christmas. The end of this year would be completely over the top in the schmaltz department. Maybe even with a Christmas tree, if it were up to Dean. He figures that they kind of earned it – and that they maybe have things to catch up on, considering they had never
“And I you,” Cas smiles. Other than Dean’s breath, his glitters as though it was literally crystalizing in the winter air. Another glistening sparkle catches Dean’s eye. It’s the bee brooch he gave Cas last year as a Christmas present; he has attached it to his coat, and it was still there, much to Dean’s joy.
about all of this anyway. He barely understood Elf on the Shelf – how could a wavelength of celestial intent possibly comprehend something as ridiculous as a mistletoe kiss? Let alone Dean wanting to give him one? Or two, maybe, just for good measure?
As Dean watches him and the green branches, watches the pink bows and lights, the tacky Christmas tree stand and Cas’ sad back, an idea strikes his mind and decides to stay: Castiel hung all those mistletoes. And now he is sorely disappointed.
The friendly name made Castiel almost glance over the question. Dean was intelligent, he had understood, had he not?
The next day is the twenty-first, and there is a mistletoe hanging from the arch of the interdimensional telescope. “C’mon, that isn’t even a doorway,” Dean says with a frown. The dungeon, the armory, the garage – nearly every door has a mistletoe now. It lowkey freaks him out.
“She likes seeing herself in the mirror then?” he asks Sam over one of the library tables once they’re alone.
The large tree branches are heavy with snow. “I never tire of coming here,” Cas breathes, blue eyes shining with awe. Here, in the silent solitude under the trees and stars, Dean dares to reach for his hand.
Looking carefully around, Dean sneaks onto the marketplace. He knows, technically, that there is nothing wrong with being in a public place at midnight, even if it might be a sign of falling into bad ways. The folks around here were a bit snobbish after all. More importantly, however – it’s Christmas Eve, and Dean has no intention of anyone witnessing his holiday secret.
The mistletoe falls to the cold ground as their lips slide against each other. It’s instinctive rather than skillful. Or experienced.
The glorious purpose suited him, Castiel mused. Loving, caring, just like a true tool of the Lord. Everything Castiel himself wanted to be.
, but you never knew. I don’t even think you know that you are absolutely full of love, but I see it. Everybody sees it. These last few days made it shine from inside you brighter than ever before. From the moment I first saw it, I mellowed, and I have been mellowing ever since, bound by something I realized too late had no counterspell. So, no, Dean, this is, very much, a desperate – indulging – romantic gesture, one I foolishly thought was free of the possibility of rejection. I realize now that all this… derailed.” He pauses for a moment to look for words. “And now I look like a fool for telling you how I feel, for telling you that I… that I love you.”
Dean smiles against his cheek as a pleasant shiver runs down his spine. “You really just… come up with stuff like that, hm?”
, that the last puzzle piece finally clicks into place. But the final picture is goddamn terrifying. God, Dean needed answers, or else he would lose his fucking mind.
“Incapable,” Dean presses out with a terrible frown. “Of… loving someone this way. Loving someone like me this way. God, I’m so sorry. I never would’ve pushed you away, Cas.” He swallows. “You and I, we… we wanted the same thing. I might’ve been weird about it at first, because I’m a fucking douche. But not in the long run, not with you.”
“What does it look like?” Dean asks over his shoulder, a grin on his face so wide it makes his icy cheeks hurt.
“Listen,” Fitzgerald says and walks toward Dean, a wooden horse in his gloved hands. “My girl saw this one here on our way home and I-”
But Cas just tilts his head, shakes it ever so slightly, and the wrinkles in his face look deeper than ever before.
Cas is such a weird combination of wish fulfillment. He’s good with kids and animals. He is overly tidy; everything in his house has a distinct if sometimes questionable place – and yet the guy can’t be bothered to wear his tie straight.
“Naah, my nipples are always this perky,” Dean smirks, realizing exactly one second too late what he had said and closing his eyes in regret. Now his head is boiling with blood. Wow.
Dean’s soul all but shuddered at the sight. “Some angel you are,” he snarled when they had dematerialized. “You burned out that poor woman’s eyes.”
Cas squints and raises his chin before lowering it with a glare, downright growling, “Who hangs mistletoes as a ‘friendship thing’?” Even his air quotes look passive-aggressive.
He did not flinch when bullets hit his vessel, and thankfully his legs did not stop walking either. Straight forward, there was Dean Winchester, in his human form. He was a tall man, strongly built, with a fierce gaze in his green eyes that Castiel had found to be so soft. His scent was musky, his body heat pleasant. He was very beautiful indeed. The angels would perpetuate his physique wonderfully in their memorials.
“A bakery,” Dean says proudly as he opens the door. He shakes the snow off his shoes before stepping inside. “Come on in, my friend,” he says, careful not to wake the neighbors.
Somewhen, Cas notices and falls silent, staring back all soft. Head tilting slowly, plump lips parted.
Claire steps in before Miss Bradbury is there. She is angry at Claire for hitting stupid Ruby. In the sickroom, Claire sticks close to Jack. “Don’t worry about that idiot,” she tells him when Ruby sticks out her tongue to him. “You can play with us instead.”
The news disappoints Claire. Before she can talk to Jack anymore, Kaia and her mom arrive, and after them, the others follow soon. Everybody gets a party hat, and after some time, the romance plan is completely forgotten, because –
made me realize what really mattered. When you spoke of me like that… it changed me. I started being honest with myself. And I realized that… I would not be able to see you leave a twelfth time,” he sighs. He softens and, shakily, takes a step toward Cas, bowed down with emotion. Arms opening slightly. “I know that I could never bind you, but I… I love you,” he whispers, happily, relieved, ardently like a prayer.
“Yes, for Dad. He really likes bees,” Jack explains. “I tell him all the time that they’re not that rare. Like a tiger, or something? But he likes them anyway.”
And yet – Castiel found silent contentment in just watching Dean. As he waited for the perfect opportunity to speak to him, he mused that pulling him into Heaven would be far more straight-forward.
Why was that? Castiel did not want to ask questions. He simply took delight in the knowledge that Dean would carry the part of his soul that he touched with him forever.
That makes his dad smile, and then he bends down to hug Jack and cuddle with him. “You’re right, he’s very nice. How about I talk to him when I drop you off tomorrow? At Claire’s birthday, would that be sufficient?” he asks.
Dean tickles Miracles ears and straightens up to put his empty cup on the counter. “I’mma go get him. The Charlie Brown Christmas Special is on soon,” he says and takes a bag of popcorn with him before leaving. He kind of wishes they had cookies instead, he should bake some soon. Preferably with Cas.
“You are impossible,” Dean sighs. “You wanted to do this in the bathroom doorway, you kinky bastard.” Projecting, ha.
really loves to imagine his dick smashing him into a wall until he’s senseless – but whatever, that’s beside the point. He does not
“Hell yeah.” Dean smiles and lets Cas cuddle him for a while. Lets him press a kiss to Dean’s lips. Then to his jaw, his neck, and then his lips again, while holding him tight.
Castiel waited until Dean had started the car to reply. “Yes,” he said. “But I’m sure that you already knew that.”
Without another word, Dean swings his backpack over his shoulder and rushes out of the locker room. He doesn’t turn to look back.
. And somethin’ tells me she’s not gonna keep her cool like Sammy did. She’s just… she’s my mom, y’know?”
“Yeah,” Dean added, quickly choking down a mouthful of food. “Bastard expected blind loyalty, and was stupid enough to think it would just be given to him, no questions asked. Never foresaw one of his own knights turning against him.”
Chuck turned back to Castiel. Not to communicate anything, exactly. Just to stare, speechless and pale. Again, the omega winked.
The pacing was back. “I mean, yeah. Except I doubt the dirtbag meant it. I mean, what kind of douche name is ‘Dean Winchester,’ anyway? He knew. He definitely knew, and I’m not gonna let him off easy,” Jimmy said, finishing at a mutter.
Dean remains silent, arms crossed, eyebrow cocked. He hopes that a look of utter disdain will get him out of this without even a word spoken.
Claire had had a small change of heart, thanks to a pseudo offhand suggestion from Kaia. Rather than return to Dreamwälk and attempt to justify their mating, they’d be venturing off on their own. Taking possession over their own lives, which had once been stolen from them. Castiel could not have been more supportive… and maybe just a bit teary, as he pulled them both into crushing hugs.
And, Dean... thank you. I tried, I really did, I just... even as God, I had no power over the Empty. I didn't
Nonetheless, Charlie was beaming in an instant, giving a short yet enthused wave of her hand. “Hey again, Ro. I know you’re probably busy, and I seriously don’t wanna waste any more of your time than I have to, so I’ll get right down to it. Oh, first— Cas, this is Rowena MacLeod, the spell-casting and lore dictionary, herself.”
Dean pauses to reevaluate. Maybe he’s going on too strong. He is used to using terms of endearment on first dates, without it blowing up in his face. Was it different for guys dating guys? Was it different for Castiel?
Cas cracks a smile, laughing softly. Dean pulls back, eyes plagued by confusion. “What’s wrong, babe?” he asks.
“Yeah,” Dean responds, averting his eyes from Cas’s gaze. “Thought Sam would be a safe first bet. My dad… yeah, not exactly. He’s out of town on business, anyway.”
Dean’s raised both brows. “So, what? You’re some kinda fallen angel? Why the hell were you expelled, anyway?”
Part of him hoped that his uncle would be asleep, but Dean knew that he wouldn’t be. All the lights were on when he stepped into the house, anyway. So he had no excuse not to get this over with.
“It doesn’t matter Dean. I am sorry. I respect what you are saying, and that you made an attempt to tell me, but it should not have been after Meg already has.”
Dean turns back to his locker, expecting Cas to wander off. He can’t help but be slightly disappointed with the results. What had he been expecting to happen, though? Cas and him to get back together on the spot?
damn right. At least, by your own rules. You didn’t warn me before you acted like a dick, and I don’t warn you. Seems pretty fair, to me.”
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, her too. So, Cas, we’re already done with dinner. But dessert is gonna be served soon. Sound good?”
being concealed in plain sight. Right? Still, there were no visible changes. There was no internal blue glow, his flesh as dim as ever.
As he was finishing up setting the table - which, they typically did not eat at - Cas heard the door to their apartment swing open. He hesitated for a moment, a faint grin forming on his face. He quickly flitted across the kitchen to finish preparing the cooked burgers. As he was doing so, Dean appeared at the archway leading into their kitchen.
that he should’ve promptly begun flipping his shit. This had to be an indicator of some kind of bio-engineered, flesh-hacking disease, right? That, or one of the few witches he knew had decided to not-so-discreetly take him on as a spell-casting dummy.
Nap averted. FROM THE ENTRANCE comes shop manager CLARK (40s, frumpy, overworked). He pockets a cellphone, announces to all--
A light breeze blew past, and Castiel found himself dipping further into Dean’s personal space. The wind seemed to carry Dean’s tempered scent, its sweetness mingling perfectly with that of the pie. Dean did smell quite like a tray of seasonal baked goods, didn’t he?
Well, seeing as neither of us has taken a hunt since before Jack poofed me back into existence... we're off to a damn great start, aren't we?
“I should say the same of you, at this point,” Chuck said, snickering. “I was growing impatient, after all. Thank you for finally putting this nonsense to an end.”
Gradually, Castiel began to turn around. Dean was shocked to see that there were tears forming in his eyes.
Well, aside from King Chuck, maybe. But there was still plenty of time for that little faux pas to be corrected— and oh, was Castiel determined to try.
Dean found himself growing only the slightest bit skeptical around the time he turned twelve. He still believed, he knew that much, but there was a nagging voice in the back of his mind. It told him to grow up, to think logically.
Pursing her red-painted lips, Rowena hummed, squinting in Cas's direction. Cas fidgeted as the witch glided across the room, the floor creaking and whining beneath her leather heels. Moving in Cas's direction, she continued to scope the young man out.
Not surprisingly, Castiel was back there. He was already busy shoveling dirt back into the grave. Dean sauntered closer.
” Cas continued, rolling his eyes, “is that it’s very unlikely that you’ll be recognized. No one knows what you even look like, as far as I’m aware.”
“Yeah, actually,” Charlie said. “Both you guys were there, too.” She gestured toward Benny, then at Dean.
“I suppose so,” Castiel replied as he reached into the pocket of his trenchcoat, pulling out a small slip of paper. He handed it to Dean.
Castiel plucked a loose thread from his sleeve, eyes cast down; not in fear or reverence, but rather, he’d already retreated so far into his own head that acknowledging another person seemed too much to handle. “I’m all right, Gabe, I promise.”
kind of love, okay? The big "L". Bastard pulled a full-on deathbed confession on me. And just saying it... it was enough.
Claire seemed to have been struck with a fresh jolt of energy. Focus renewed, her blue eyes were wide. “Fuck, yeah, of course. That works for me.”
him happy, warmed Castiel’s spirit far more than a pastry ever could— even one of Dean’s pies, which were
alarming way he could go about explaining himself? He really should have prepared a script. Dammit. “Nothing too bad. Food hasn’t had much of a taste, I’ve had trouble sleeping, my skin is apparently impervious to boiling hot liquids—”
Certain details would have to be omitted, for the sake of Gabriel’s psychological well-being. Thankfully for his brother, Castiel was nothing if not a gracious man.
Gabriel blinked owlishly, eyes flicking between the party of three, brow furrowing. “What, now? Cassie, what the hell did you do?”
If only his legs didn’t feel like too-moist dough after a day spent sunbathing. Wishful thinking aside, that seemed to be what he was working with.
Castiel averted his eyes, turning his gaze to the floor. He let out a heavy sigh. “I was wondering, possibly, if I could try to sleep in your room for the night.”
Chuck hummed. “Is that so?” He’d since stationed himself just a few feet ahead of their party, eying them carefully. Up and down. “Well, then I’ll allow you to stay with us, for however long Castiel and his mate want you here— and not a second longer, let me just warn you.”
Dean was silent. Maybe he should just scrap the whole deal. Blow off Castiel and forget about hunting.
“Believe it or not, I care about your emotional well-being. And I’m not going to let my little angel get all walked over like this.”
“Woah, woah. So Claire’s got a freakin’ witchily teleporting, dream-crashing mate? Fuck, Cas, she’s got
It didn’t seem to take long for Dean to notice: Cas's face had twisted in on itself, contorting mid-chew of his burger. Cas let out a weak gag in the back of his throat, but for the most part, he was still.
Castiel smiled. “You should be thanking Dean. Although I was the one to suggest he use an exorcism, he was skilled enough to initiate it.” He hesitated. “I am sorry that I could not save the others.”
“Oh, also, I’m pretty sure it’s only fourteen Tupperwares. Not thirty.” Because, clearly, thirty would just have been excessive. After all, there
“Well, you’ve been making me nervous since the beginning. Since the moment I first saw you, honestly. I fully understand the impact of what I’ve done, okay? I know that I’ve messed everything up. I-”
That was until, of course, the excuses stopped. Each night, Castiel would wander silently into Dean’s room, typically after his roommate was in bed. He would lay down beside Dean, sometimes in the early morning following a night of studying. Thankfully, Dean didn’t stay up late studying particularly often, so Castiel wasn’t forced to wait for him before going to sleep. Not that Castiel
Castiel’s features could only be read in one way: pure elation. “It wasn’t so terrible from my point of view, either. We should do it again.” So they did.
Mary’s smile sent a spark of guilt through Castiel. She was so elated to see Dean and him as a couple, but they’d be “breaking up” within the next week or so. She was going to be devastated.
“We just have to run with the lie that we were once a couple for the rest of our lives,” Castiel muttered, refusing to look Dean in the eyes.
Plus, Dean could always use the herbs when he cooked, which was yet another semi-surprising hobby of his. Really, bonding with Dean had given Cas a free crash-course in the dangers of preemptive stereotyping— seriously, who would have guessed that Mr. Beer-Over-Therapy was a Vonnegut fanboy? Certainly not Cas’s past self.
The freshly mated pair kept snug within each other’s orbit. A mostly unspoken arrangement, aside from Dean’s assertion that they’d need to reinforce the bond, somehow— if they actually wanted it to
At that, Dean hauled his supplies over to the center of the couch, before swinging his legs over the side. “Dude. Guess I’m gonna have to feed the shit outta you, then,” Dean grumbled, already heading toward the kitchen, cutting the music on his way there.
“And I Love You So” begins to play. Cas can feel his heart thudding madly in his chest as he rests his head onto Dean’s shoulder.
A wide-open field, quiet, but maintained. Dean and Cas lay, cling tight to each other-- conscious, but not quite aware.
Uncle Bobby’s told stories of monsters, creatures, ghosts. The best part? Some were even told in first person, as if Bobby were really the one who had encountered these beings. It only heightened Dean’s belief in the tales.
Dean watched as Castiel’s gaze flew up to the clock behind the bar. “I really should be going,” he said, a hint of urgency in his voice.
A short, gentle RUMBLE from within the kitchen, a ground-shifting few seconds-- JACK? Miracle evacuates, rejoins Eileen.
“Interested in meeting Sam? Or do you want to cut right to the actual date? ‘Cause seriously, I want you to meet him more than all hell, but the kid can be a serious cockblock.”
Dean, on the other hand, grins almost manically. Castiel, who is looking down, misses the change in expression.
been an exhaustion-induced haze— there were no lingering clues as to whether it had even happened. At least, nothing concrete enough to be considered a valid “clue.”
Castiel nodded, still frowning, but also unmoving. “Would you like to talk about it, then? Come to an agreement?”
“No, dude, don’t blame yourself,” Dean said as he sauntered around to sit on the edge of his bed. “You didn’t do anything wrong. I swear. It just got sorta weird. I dunno. It was my own fault. Whole thing got me emotional.”
“unresolved daddy issues.” Nonetheless, Cas and Dean hadn’t lived together very long at all, before the countertops and windowsills of their apartment were just
Dean, on the other hand, had retreated to Bobby’s in lieu of college. Growing up, his dad and Bobby had taught him his fair share of information when it came to fixing cars. He and Bobby made a good team at the auto shop that they co-owned, if Dean said so himself.
There was a nod from Castiel, before he slowly began to rise. “I am weaker than I thought,” he said. “My powers are not optimal currently, that much I was aware. I didn’t realize…”
He dives in, landing atop Castiel, who plummets into the grass. Dean crashes his lips into Castiel’s, whom responds immediately. They kiss slowly, Cas’s arms wrapped around Deans back, for what seems like hours. Until their lips are sore and swollen.
At the point in the conversation, Dean’s cheeks were stained pink. “Yeah, uh. I really like you. A lot. Don’t know how long I have. Listen, it’s perfectly fine if the feelings aren’t requited. I get it. I’m not exactly the ideal romantic candidate. I-”
“Listen, I get where you’re coming from, but that ain’t true.” Dean shrugged, putting on a show of indifference. “It’s not that convoluted, man. I knew about the mating bite from the start, since that happened pretty early on. I wanted an out, and I saw one. So I took it. Plus, uh, can’t really say the prince
He duly noted that he was power walking on his way back to the Impala. If you’re going to be enthusiastic about something, why not be enthusiastic about burning a body?
Seeing the in, Castiel stepped forward. “In that case, it’s nice to finally meet you, Sam, Eileen. Dean talks about you quite often.”
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean said, dashing down the remainder of the stairs. He reached the bottom and flew out the door, assuming his partner was still in back of him.
To start, there was the day Dean’s new neighbor had planted his roots in the new property beside Dean’s. The Winchester had made his way over, reasonably eager to greet a new face.
Dean grimaces. “You fucking blackmailed me, okay? And besides,” he shoves the rest of his practice clothes into his backpack. “It wasn’t that bad. I mean, not like I’m interested in Cas or anything. He’s just an interesting guy.”
Strangely enough, Cas wanted to contend. While Charlie hadn’t been the one experiencing the bizarro symptoms that past week,
Dean let out a weak chuckle, absently rubbing the back of his neck. “Well, okay, then. I guess I’ll just get goin’ then. See you around?”
“So, it’s getting close to 5:30. We heading out soon?” Dean asked, taking note for the first time that Castiel was shorter than him. By a couple of inches at most, but still.
I did. Well, I distributed a portion of them throughout the universe, out of anyone's hands. I gave the rest to Amara.
Dean looks down for a moment before returning to Cas’s eyes. “He told me, ah, that you were still in love with me.”
Bobby huffed. “Suppose this is my fault. Shouldn’t have told those hunting stories growin’ up, all that lore.”
Don't know. Maybe his aim was just off-- kid's probably still getting used to the literal God powers.
“It says that I can trust you. I think. Again, I might be wrong, and I know I’m not gonna let my guard down. But we can stick together, okay? For now, at least,” Dean said,
“I don’t want to control you. But I do want to be a voice of reason. Trusting this… ‘angel’ is more than likely far from safe. Okay, hell, Dean, I don’t think it’s safe at all. In addition, we wouldn’t even know if angels
Castiel’s gaze quickly swept back to the other man, who’d since jumped out his chair. Anger hadn’t exactly been the response he was anticipating.
Before they’d left the property, Castiel pulled Dean aside, asking that the rest of the party continue toward the stables. After a smidge of justified reluctance,
to stagger into the kitchen, clearly still sleep-dazed. He only allowed the new-found silence to hang in the air for a moment, before cutting through it, himself. “Hey,” he grumbled, then cleared his throat and headed toward the fridge. “You Cas’s co-worker? The mossy one?”
Dean pulled away, just a few inches. “Yeah, Cas,” he said. He wore a small smile. “I do. I love you.”
Charlie’s girlfriend, Dorothy, chuckled. “So, what? Do you have a crush that you are clearly not very happy about?”
Dean nods casually, although his eyes are glowing. "Awesome. I'll just need your address. So I can pick you up."
“So,” Sam said, smiling almost devilishly. “Tell me. How long have you guys been dating? I mean, you’ve pretty much acted like a couple since you started living together. So… how long?”
The omega watched her straighten out, yet again, before swallowing. Claire’s arms lay flat along her sides, gloved fists clenched.
Castiel had made his way around so that he was standing just beside Dean, peering into the trunk. “That’s an impressive collection, for someone who has never hunted before.” He paused, pointing to Dean’s EMF meter. “What’s that?” Castiel asked.
He took a few steps toward his trunk, redepositing the machete. He’d take care of the stain later. “Thanks, man. I guess. I just… I don’t know. Don’t get me wrong, this was ten times as thrilling as I could have ever imagined, but it also freaks me the fuck out. Shit, Cas, I’m a hunter now. I’m
The eldest Winchester brother was preparing to turn away from the window when he noticed the door next to his fly open. Out stepped Castiel.
. A mock love. It was all fake, a sham. Castiel could feel his vision clouding from a mixture of frustration and even anger. And tears, he noticed a moment later.
Plus, again, not a window in sight. Apparently, the king was willing to manage a bit of claustrophobia for the sake of privacy… or security.
“That’s fine,” Castiel said, fidgeting a bit in his seat. His anxiety was skyrocketing. “I can take vanilla.”
Rather than answer the omega’s very direct question, Dean plowed on, “Did you know you have such a strong scent? Like, I can smell you from all the way over here. Not that I’m
Bright light streamed from the demon’s mouth and eyes. He wailed as Castiel remained sturdy, hand still placed on his forehead.
, I guess. We've done our part, and then some. Hell, we could even help train and educate the next generation.
Dean shrugged as he turned to leave. He made his way through the house that he had lived in with Bobby since he was eighteen. The same house Dean had visited when he was a kid.
Dean hadn’t seen his mom smile as wide as she was then in what seemed like ages; and that was truly saying something. “Well, of course!” she sung. “Here, take my phone. I have the timers all set. Still, make sure to check the pies before you take them out.”
Still, while Castiel wouldn’t help but develop a distaste for Dean overtime, that could mainly be attributed to the fact that he was so utterly sick of hearing about him. Couldn’t Jimmy move past anything? Shockingly, yes.
They were met with hugs and farewells. Bobby even approached Castiel, smiling. “Good luck, boy,” he said. Castiel nodded.
The omega’s fingertips soon found themselves in a steady tap dance against the tabletop. “Huh,” he said, almost too faintly to be heard by the alpha. Well, if not now…
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. “Yes, Cas, question. Did this have anything to do with you being cast from Heaven?”
By the time they were alone, huddled up in Castiel’s private chambers, Sam lost the cool he’d narrowly upheld around Chuck— “Jesus, Dean! Do you even
With that, Castiel quickly drew a wallet from his pocket. He pulled out a wad of bills and left them on the counter before weaving through the crowd and out the door.
fault that he’d been rendered motionless by fear, much like a toddler off to their first day of preschool. Nope, no need for personal responsibility or self-initiative, here. Not today.
Dean glued his eyes to the house as he pulled up. It sat atop a tall hill, bright yellow and quaint. Then he realized.
Castiel held his breath as he turned around, facing Dean. Dean’s features softened as he got a better look at Castiel’s tear drenched face.
The car ride is surprisingly brimming with conversation. Dean begins by talking excitedly about how pumped he is to introduce Cas to his younger brother. At first, Cas just listens, nodding when appropriate, a genuine smile adorning his face. After Dean has talked for a bit about why he decided to join the football team, despite minimal experience, he gives Cas a look of pure interest.
i apologize if i got any hunting procedure wrong. also, call me out if you see any plot holes or similar issues!
“Well,” Castiel said. “You’re already the kindest and the smartest person I know. So I highly doubt that this person is more ‘amazing’ than you. You also go on to say that you have been in love with them for years. Why didn’t you ever tell me?”
“How about this,” the third boy says with a crooked grin. “If you don’t do it, we’ll tell everyone about what you did with Catherine Whitacre on prom ni-”
“Thank you for helping and supporting me, Claire. Thank you for making it possible for me to speak before my father, in this way. And to think, I’d never intended to see the coward ever again.”
Castiel reached up to run a hand through Dean’s short hair. “You were scared of how I would respond?”
At least from Castiel’s limited and potentially flawed assessment, Dean wasn’t awful, as far as alphas went. Hell,
Castiel’s remaining brothers, however, seemed utterly disinterested. Which, Michael and Lucifer usually were, with matters involving their youngest sibling.
For god’s sake, what kind of pompous-ass royal had any interest in “homey”? Although… fine, well, Castiel certainly wasn’t
Dean made his way over, iron rod at his side. “So, we just gotta take a look around? What are the chances that we didn’t dispel the ghost?”
Planted across the dining room, opposite the stone-framed windows, Dean was staring through the overflow of moonlight; the glow bringing out the considerable ruddiness in his cheeks. Eyes narrowed and focused as ever— right on his omega mate.
Seeing as Dean was beginning to work himself up, Castiel laid a hand on his shoulder, hoping to ground the demon. He gave the hemp-covered flesh a soft squeeze. Fortunately, Castiel felt the alpha release his rapidly tensing muscles, albeit just by a smidge. “Dean, I’ve already told you, King Chuck isn’t exactly the pinnacle of fatherhood. I know that his actions sound terrible, and that’s because they
Not what he would have expected from a feared demonic monarch, but then again, it wasn’t as if Castiel had a first-hand understanding of Infernal trends in decor and architecture— royal or otherwise.
“Actually,” the demon started. “I’ve never met him. But I’ve heard a lot. We all have, haven’t see?”
Castiel could hear voices as soon as they left the foyer. Just moments later they were standing immediately outside of the large family room, looking in. Dean’s family was staring back.
Castiel’s face was quickly reddening. Before Dean had a chance to say something more coherent, Castiel was setting the laptop to his side and rising to his feet. “I should go,” he said. “I’m sorry.”
Shaking his head, Dean all but scoffed. Still, Castiel knew well enough not to take offense. “Hell no. Got that sorted out a few years back, thank fuck. ‘Course, turns out, the whole demon part wasn’t exactly refundable. I brought a pretty damn quick end to my military career, as soon as the impulses leveled out. Still, turns out, havin’ the ex-ruler of the Infernal Realm adopt you as his sole surrogate offspring… yeah, well, it sorta tethers you to this sorta thing. And that’s how I got myself where I am now.”
“Okay, Sammy, fuck right off.” Despite the biting words, Dean grinned. “And shouldn’t I be going after
Cas continued to rattle his mind, all the while watching individual drops of coffee slither and drip from his arm. They puddled onto the linoleum floor, alongside the steadily materializing globs of his thought process, as it continued to slobber out of his skull. Should he do something? Should he at least
“You have most of what we need for a haunting. Alfred has picked up some gasoline, and I have matches in my pocket. In regards to the house, we may not have to do more than conduct a brief inspection, assuming that this is a simple salt and burn case.”
“Leave,” Castiel commanded, exhilaration wracking his body as he stood upright. He had never felt so powerful in his life, and admittedly, it was invigorating. His very
Dean shook his head. “No, that’s not really the problem. Listen, I’m not gonna lie, okay? The ghost hunt earlier was one of the best things to ever happened to me. It felt so
Castiel’s eyes seemed to dig deep beneath Dean’s surface, the way they were fixated on him. “The first one. That is the best plan.”
“Okay, so I get why you’re shocked,” Dean said. He took a few steps closer to the other man, taking Castiel’s clammy hands in his own. “But until that hunter is gone, I’m staying here, got it? I’ll call in sick from work, you should probably do the same. Better to risk your job than your life. Got it?”
Dean held his breath for a moment, mulling over his words carefully. “Cas,” he said. “I still don’t think I can say for sure.”
would be easiest someplace cozy, and Castiel had adamantly refused using any sort of bedroom or otherwise personal space. He’d prefer that the alpha didn’t get any adventurous ideas, outside what they’d explicitly agreed upon. He needed Dean to understand that he wasn’t simply playing coy— and that Castiel would not hesitate to hold him down by the horn and clock him in the jaw, should he try anything a bit too cheeky.
“So,” Claire began, tearing the pair from their bubble. “Should I… just get into it, then? I kinda told Prince Castiel the gist of it, but I can, y’know, start from the beginning.”
Sunlight was fading beneath the horizon when Castiel heard the telltale squeak of worn-in riding boots, crunching through the fallen leaves. He stopped pacing and swiveled around.
Castiel threw a sideways glance over to Dean, who seemed to have developed a sudden and sincere interest in dissecting his pot roast. To his other side, Claire was in an all too similar position. Gabriel was ballooning up with suppressed laughter. Traitors.
Charlie nodded. “Totally, I agree. Cas, you okay with heading back? Do you want me to come with? I can, if you want. Or not. Whatever you need, man.”
“The hair is gone,” Castiel said. “Dean, I suggest that we take a look at Alfred’s residence immediately.”
Word of Castiel’s return was quick to reach Chuck, his subjects practically stumbling over each other in their rush to alert the king.
Castiel is rummaging through his locker after school the next day, attempting not to be late for the bus (once again) - particularly because he doesn’t want to deal with Gabriel’s teasing when he picks Cas up.
--together, they EXIT THE EMPTY. Angel blade abandoned. The portal fades, and the Shadow is left, awake, in its own silent despair, until we-- SMASH TO BLACK!
Dean looks down. For the first time, he is hit with an icy shock of pure shame. "Um, yeah," he starts, refusing to look into Meg's hazel eyes. "Okay, first, don't tell anyone. I will fuckin' beg if I have to. But I asked Cas out on a dare. Shit, what the hell is wrong with me?"
Dean jumps as he feels a hand rest on his shoulder. He turns to see Cas, now much closer, a gentler look having returned to his eyes.
Dean slid back into his seat across from Castiel. He wore a wide smile, which only helped to make Castiel’s heart leap.
The bus ride home allows Cas to mull over his conversation with Dean Winchester. No, that couldn’t have been love he felt. After what Dean did, how he lied to him, Cas couldn’t still be in love with Dean.
They don’t make eye-contact; not that they usually make eye-contact. Nonetheless, something in Cas feels as if it is sinking. Something is enormously wrong, and he refuses to admit anything to himself.
Then there was that crush that was festering inside the pit of his stomach, spreading slowly to his head. A legitimate crush on Dean Winchester.
Dean sighed, leaning back against the motel door. “Actually, I am. He’s like a fucking lost puppy, man. And I trust him. I mean, part of me trusts him. Honestly don’t know why. I’m losing it, Bobby.”
Castiel swore he could see what looked like distress in Dean’s eyes, despite the dimly lit room. “No,” Castiel said. “I’m sure our… “thing” will continue to work. Tonight is an outlier, probably.”
The letters hadn’t been important to him. Not at all. They’d just been a curiosity involving the life of an interesting person. Cas had been intrigued, not attached.
Shaking his head, Castiel knew he’d have to quickly placate his protective older brother. “Not at all, trust me. I was actually hoping to further introduce you to Claire in just a moment, as we catch up
Summer's eyes widened immediately as she caught a glimpse of the middle of the street. “So they didn’t want to leave you unharmed,” she muttered. “You just got them before they could.” Summer took a few steps around Dean and Castiel, examining the bodies.
Castiel looked up from his seat in the Impala. Dean had his eyes focused on the road. “Dean, I already told you. She-”
Dean smiled, for what seemed like the first time in an eon. “Good.” He pressed a small kiss to Castiel’s lips. “Are you okay with takeout for dinner?”
Dean retreats INTO HIS ROOM-- eerily calm, hard to read. The door closes, Sam hesitates. Processing. Wipes his eyes.
True and absolute nothingness. Dean lingers, checks his jacket's inside pocket-- his BLADE survived the ride.
As the others meandered off, Castiel beamed. “I used to come out here, all the time. Right here. To get away from my father. The day I met you, actually, there was still some fruit on the trees.”
He turns to look at the younger man in the eye. The deep blue nearly consumes him. Cas is dressed in a plain t-shirt and jeans, opposed to his regular, more formal garb. And, okay, he looks hot. But there’s a particular intensity behind his eyes that both allures and startles Dean.
Despite his face being all but shoved into the floor, the trespasser continued to shriek and babble. It took Castiel a beat of concentration to even begin discerning what was being shouted about.
Bobby closed the book he had set in front of him. “You better not say what I think you’re gonna say.”
Before Castiel could respond, he felt a pair of arms wrap around him, holding him tight. Dean buried his nose into Castiel’s shoulder.
“Hey there,” Meg says. She sounds as perpetually bored as Cas remembers. “Don’t leave quite yet, angel. We’ve got some talking to do.”
Dean frowned, nudging closer. “It’s weird, ‘cause like, I somehow know what you mean… yet have no idea what the fuck you’re talking about.”
Slumping down a nearby trunk, shivering more aggressively than ever, Castiel convinced himself: Maybe this really
Either his father really hadn’t thought this one through, or Castiel’s death wasn’t quite a risk worth taking…
Dean grunts. “It’s hard, Cas. What I did was fucked up, no matter that sort of circumstances there were.”
Cas’s crush has become something more. Not quite love, not yet. Castiel is still too hesitant and unsure of himself for that. But the amount and intensity of the affection he feels toward Dean is indescribable.
Dean looked back up, only to see Castiel staring at his latest blog post. He let out a heavy sigh. “Yeah, Cas?”
He didn’t know how long he’d been sitting outside the motel for. Dean could gauge that it had been a while considering his goosebumps and shivering body. He pulled the door open, letting out another sigh.
Dean’s cocked half a grin before turning to reach into his nightstand. Cas watched, wondering silently what his “roommate” was digging for.
. “Really? Christ. I kinda just assumed it’d be a barely-there, sorta touch-and-go thing, you know?” He shrugged, although his movements weren’t nearly as stiff as they had been, minutes earlier.
very desensitized skin. He swallowed, unmoving, eyes drilling into the scene ahead. After waiting another moment, Charlie flicked Cas in the bicep. He flinched out of sheer habit.
The alpha huffed. “Yeah, well, that’s kinda my point. ‘Popular belief’ about me ain’t exactly all that reassuring. So, how’d that asshole know I wasn’t just gonna gank you on the spot? That I wasn’t just gonna hurt you? Huh? Why the hell would he just sacrifice you like that— just so you could find a
Dean pulled up to the Carroll, Iowa motel just after nine in the morning. It looked shabby, but lacked the putrid feel of the last.
“Hey guys!” Castiel didn’t need to turn around in order to recognize the voice’s owner. Before he could count to three, Charlie Bradbury was joining their group in the grass. Charlie Bradbury, secretary of the LGBTQA Alliance and Ally Training volunteer.
Dean nodded. “Okay. We were headin’ back to the motel anyway, before we were attacked. Cas, you can-”
Dean took to staring absently at the wall in front of him. It wasn’t until Castiel spoke that he was thrown out of his brief trance.
bonus, there was also the visible outline of his rib cage. Which was glowing, hot and electric blue, its light seeping through his flimsy T-shirt.
Dean was quiet for a moment. He had been planning this for days, and he still couldn’t believe what he was about to do.
“Well,” she hummed, after a moment of thought. “That’s certainly… concerning, to put things all too simply. Ah, and— you’re a human, correct?”
“Fuck, of course not!” Dean whisper-shouted. Castiel winced, and Dean drew back immediately. “Cas, this just doesn’t make any sense to me, okay? It’s freakin’ bizarre.”
“I’ve actually had an idea,” Dean said. “It’s sorta experimental, but it’s something.” He chuckled weakly.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean attempts to flash a charming smile, but all that he can offer is something crooked and awkward. He grows immediately more flustered.
Castiel hesitated, although he had to ask. “I’m assuming he doesn’t know anything about me? Do you think he’ll be upset with our situation? Or, even, unhappy that you’ve taken on a…
Dean's expression morphs into something almost shy. Which, naturally, causes Castiel's heart to flutter.
Charlie told Dean? Maybe he should text her and check, while Dean was ordering. No, Charlie would probably think Castiel was acting ridiculous. Still, just a few minutes ago he had been convinced this date wasn’t even going to happen, and now he was faced with some unfairly cute boy who was all too willing to buy him a milkshake. It wasn’t Castiel’s fault that he hadn’t asked earlier.
Dean looked to his side as Castiel began to chuckle. It only took a glance at the computer screen for him to gauge what his friend was laughing at.
“The bastard!” Cas interrupts, pressing his hands against the sides of his head. He is breathing heavily, and Dean wants nothing more than to pull him close and tell him everything is going to be okay.
Upon entering the locker room at the end of the week, Dean finds himself bombarded by voices, his name the only one on their lips. Opinions span from "go for it" to "get your fag face out of here".
He turned to face Castiel. The angel was hunched over, hands on his knees. He looked as if he were shaking.
“Then head down to the local fire station! If you go through with this, I’m not gonna be there to save your sorry ass.”
Okay, sure, a lot could be wrong. For one, Dean’s entire cover could have just been busted, even if by innocent mistake. Truly, though… when have things ever gone
The demon jerked in his seat— clearly, he was just as baffled by this development as his mate. “Huh? Who is…? How would— uh, how would anyone even know that I’m here?”
Castiel chuckled. “It’s particularly fun to come out to someone as both trans and gay. And by ‘fun,’ of course, I mean absolutely excruciating.”
Castiel blinked for a moment. He didn’t bother a response before he dived back in, pulling Dean even closer than before.
“Okay, I… I’m just going to say it.” Castiel swallowed, opting to avert his eyes from his boyfriend. “I’m a witch. Not the neo-Pagan kind, I mean. I’m very traditional. White magic entirely, of course. I know that this may sound… crazy, but please believe me, what I do is very real. I understand you may not believe me, and that you may want proof, but now is not the best time–”
Chuck hummed, squinting at Dean. “Is that so? And you weren’t expecting anything else in return, Sir Campbell? Truly no ulterior motives?”
He turned and made his way back to Baby. Pulling open the trunk, he reached for the iron rod, which had slipped to the back.
Much like the petulant child he was attempting to accuse Castiel of being, Chuck stomped his foot. “Enough of this! Could someone
Dean turns to face Cas once more. He has never stood so close to Cas before, leaving barely three inches between them. “May I have this dance?”
"Yes," Castiel lies. In reality, his mind has drifted back off to the man lying beside him; to his deep laugh as Cas barely manages to slip out an answer, too lost in his daydreams.
? I mean, it’s morally questionable, but it makes sense. There are a lot of witches out there who aren’t just practicing white magic, Cas. And sometimes it ain’t easy just to weed those ones out.”
Jimmy clicked his tongue. “Well, you should be. You deserve it. This is going to be good for you, man. I mean, you spent the last four years cooped up inside. Going to a regular school is going to be great. You’ll love it,” he said.
But it would definitely take... major adjusting to. And planning. A lot of planning, a lot of time...
Dean shook his head, shifting so that he was lying flat out his back with his calfs hanging off the end of the couch. “Nah,” he said. “Sorta important.”
Treetops continued to scrape the surface of the sky. Meanwhile, Castiel pushed himself upright, abs cramping in protest. Another gust of wind hit, and he hurried to brush the debris from his arms, before tugging down his sleeves. Shivers punching through his body.
There was no fanfare. Dean’s touches were light as he maneuvered Castiel into place, although there was no buildup to the event. No teasing— to Castiel’s relief.
Castiel looked up, and Dean shook his head. “Nah. I think I got it. We gonna go back to my car for the salt? ‘Cause it looks like we’ve already got the burn.”
--and the floor lightly RUMBLES, jostled with care... just as it had been, hours prior. Jack's reassurance.
A moment of silence later, Cas is the one pulling Dean in for a kiss. It begins as a chaste meeting of the lips, but he kiss deepens quickly as the pair simultaneously pull each other in tighter. Deans hands migrate to Cas’s hips as Cas’s cling to the fabric above Dean’s chest. Cas soon finds himself pressed up again the kitchen counter as Dean seems to grow more confident.
Dean was about to ask what the hell the other man was talking about when Castiel reentered the room, closed locket in hand.
from Gabriel, they listened. Dean eyed his mate, a smirk only adding to the glimmer in his dark eyes.
Cas found himself rolling out of his blanket cocoon, both to oblige his fidgety legs and to grab a glass of water. He had barely reached the foot of his bed when he began to
Before Chuck could respond, Dean cut in, “Don’t mind the horns, Your Majesty. I’ve long since turned away from that
“We can leave early, if you need time to, y’know, process things. If you need to calm down,” Dean said softly.
“Yes, Sire. After the abuse the Infernal King has put me through, I saw no reason to allow him to continue holding your son captive. I’ve since cut ties, and I’m hoping to start anew.”
Dean made his way around the house and returned to Castiel a few moments later. The dark-haired hunter hadn’t moved, casting a vague stare in the direction of the body.
Dean crosses his arms and looks off to the side, to Castiel’s disappoint. He knew that he was still far from finding even a fraction of what could be seen in those eyes. “Awesome. Just meet me by my car after school, okay?”
According to GPS, the kid didn't offshoot all that bad, either. We're in Kansas, about an hour out from Lebanon.
The hand that had been caressing Castiel’s spine hesitated, before falling back into rhythm. “I know. I’m… I’m sorry ‘bout that.”
“Yes,” Castiel said. “I am actually going to be heading to Iowa tomorrow to check out a possible haunting. Would you be interested in coming with?”
The wind picked up just a bit, and Castiel scooted away from the chill and somehow closer to the alpha demon, despite the already infinitesimal space left between them.
Apparently, the kid who worked closing the other night accepted a damn truck full of some obscure cult paperbacks-- a truck full,
Taking careful steps, at last, Castiel reached the bed. He sat down in a similar position to the alpha, keeping a meter of distance between them. “Let me reiterate; I’m more than comfortable spending your rut in the… traditional way. So, if you are also comfortable with that, then you have my full consent.”
“I am,” Kaia said, lacing her fingers with Claire. “I used Claire’s soul as a target, basically. To travel here, as quickly as I could.”
recall sharp burgundy horns curling from the alpha’s skull, as was common for most Infernal beings. Oh, and he was quite young, which had somewhat surprised Castiel. Still, it wasn’t as if he’d had any especially rigid expectations, regarding the king’s age or appearance. And considering everything he’d been put through over the past day or so… well, it would have taken quite a bombshell to
Thank heavens, no one seemed to have taken note of his mistake. Certainly not Gabriel, who clearly had other priorities, following
“So,” Dean said. “You wanna… finally put a label on this? Or we could just go with it - whatever you want.”
Dean EMERGES. The brothers observe each other, no hope for peace, here-- the elephant has entered the room.
Again, Cas shrugged. He took a seat at the breakfast bar, leisurely tapping his fingertips against the pale pink surface. “No preference, no,” he replied, right as Dean was shifting his focus over to the freezer.
Dean nearly gagged on his beer, sputtering onto the countertop. “Dude, way to lay it on thick. Hell,” he grumbled. Still, the chuckle that followed was light.
Dean shook his head, propped on his elbow now. “Hey, I’m the one who said you could wake me up. Anything you need? Somethin’ specific?”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said. “Sorry I didn’t give you any warning. I just got off work and I, uh, wanted to see you. So I decided to stop by. Hope you weren’t busy.”
Not even bothering to look over his shoulder, Castiel huffed. “Hello, Dean,” he muttered. That was the guy’s name, right?
“Uh, guess I’m gonna have to properly introduce myself, then.” Dean gave a stiff bow, seemingly out of practice, funnily enough. The smallest flutter of nerves slipped into Dean’s scent, bitter as per usual. “I’m King Dean Winchester of the Infernal Realm, here to completely wreck your dad’s shit.”
Dean sighed. “Since they refused to believe that we weren’t together, I thought it would just easier to, y’know… tell ‘em we’re a couple for a bit, then stage some sorta breakup.”
Castiel peered over Dean’s shoulder. “Don’t worry,” he said. “You… you don’t have to say that right now. There’s no one else around.”
Moments later, they were back in the dining room, hand-in-hand. Dean’s family grew quiet and flashed a variety of concerned stares.
Until the trees became utterly indistinguishable, and moonlight was finally able to slip out from between the clouds.
Castiel was silent, still standing beneath the doorframe.The only noticeable change was his widened eyes.
“Yeah, well…” Dean paused. “There’s a difference between a weak bond, and no bond at all. And your ‘suitors’ are probably gonna be able to figure out if there’s no bond
Charlie purses her lips and attempts to look Cas in the eyes, but fails. “Okay, I know you’re lying, but I’m going to leave you alone because I’m pretty sure that’s what you want.”
Castiel had to admit, there was something incredibly off-putting about referring to a demonic ex-warlord turned Infernal King as “Dean.” Although, Castiel could also see a perverse humor to it. He really wasn’t sure
Half-heartedly, Cas began to tug on the peach-fuzzy leaf of the nearest houseplant. Eclectically-arranged greenery could be found across a fair portion of the kitchen. And those god-forsaken plants were now sat, silently observing Cas's situation— assholes, even if their amusement was well-concealed. “Dean, that’s rude. She’d put a lot of time and effort into enchanting it, and she didn’t want to risk it getting destroyed during her move. I’m only being polite,” he said, finishing at a mutter. Cas hesitated before rolling his eyes, belatedly punctuating his argument with a bit more fervor.
The room went silent. Castiel closed his eyes, temporarily escaping the situation. How was Dean possibly going to answer?
Ellen had been polishing dishes behind the bar. She glances up at Dean and Castiel, flashing a brief smirk. “Be right there, boys,” she calls back.
Sure, initially, it had seemed to be a perfectly responsible plan of action; this decision was further endorsed by Dean, whose not-so-inner caretaker was already well in action. Still, Cas was soon struck by a pretty vital realization: This would have been simpler if he were at all
“Actually,” Castiel cut in, before Dean had a chance to inevitably scoff at the plan. “I already have an idea.”
Deflating just a smidge whilst attempting to remain on-guard, Castiel nodded. “Sorry. Um, how would you prefer I address you, then?”
Without warning, Dean begins to push himself back until he his sitting upright. No questions asked, Cas follows suit. They continue to hold onto one another’s hands as they readjust.
Castiel found his mouth hanging open, not a word coming out. His mind was blank, as if it had been overtaken by a blinding white light.
“It works, if that’s what you’re thinking,” Dean sighs as he lifts the contraption, finally setting it onto his bed as the mattress retaliates loudly. Cas notes that a record has already been set up in the player.
“I know. You’ll fix things.” Castiel stopped pacing. Finally, he turned to face Dean. He shook his head and held his breath for a moment. “Please, just sort this out before it goes too far.”
Dean chuckled, shaking his head. “Again, I’m sorry. Okay, I’m gonna go up and order, then. Be right back,” he said before standing back up and heading toward the front of the diner.
Castiel shrugged from beneath his quilt, cozied up on the floor. “You clearly care deeply for your people, and about their quality of life, so I find it doubtful you’re failing in any of that. At least, not catastrophically.”
Dean smiled back, hesitantly, before opening the motel room door. Castiel followed shortly behind him.
“Dude, I could go one forever,” Dean says. His smile is genuine this time. “Ellen’s freakin’ amazing. She pretty much took over for my mom after she died.”
Hardly giving Dean an opening to respond, the omega launched forward, arms twining around his mate’s neck. Instead of rotten apples, all Castiel could smell was cloves and whiskey.
“Boy, how many times do I have to tell you not to put your money at risk like that? Not unless it’s necessary for your goddamn survival.”
And Castiel chuckled. Clearly, this was not the reaction Chuck had expected from his son. “You’re right. I do have a mate. A mate who happens to be standing right behind you, by the way.”
Benny passed a glance toward Dean, before grinning at Castiel. “It went great. Thanks for asking.” He turned back to Dean. “Feel good gettin’ all that off your chest?”
--pulls him in, clutched tight, for a short KISS. Barely a peck. Then pulls away, ever so slightly. Inches between.
He made his way out the front door, hit immediately by the cool fall air. Dean sauntered over to his car. His baby. The 1967 Chevy Impala had been a gift from his dad before he left for Bobby’s.
Chuck balked, grabbing his son by the elbow, before being shaken off. “Castiel, what the absolute hell is she talking about?”
They gathered in the library. The couple sat across from their visitor, Dean reclining, seemingly attempting to assert dominance via tilting his chair back in a precarious way. Castiel tapped him on the shoulder, frowning until the alpha returned to a sitting position which posed less of a danger to his skull, lest he lose his balance. Dean rolled his eyes. In response, his mate flicked him in the bicep.
The drive back to the Alfred’s house was quiet, Dean having learned the fairly simple route. He had a knack for navigation, anyway.
Dean’s eyes averted from Castiel as he slipped in the Impala. He reached into his pocket, pulling out his cell phone. Programming the address into his phone’s GPS hadn’t been as difficult as he would have expected. Dean grinned with pride, which quickly turned into a frown. “Where the hell am I supposed to put this thing?” he muttered to himself.
Standing at the doorway is a particularly rough looking man, with tousled blond hair and a subtle smile. “Dean Winchester?” the man says after a moment.
Dean swallowed hard. “Have you ever wondered what it would be like if all that lore, all those stories… were real?”
Before Cas had a chance to find his phone and consult the WebMD app, or even the worryingly extensive Curses4You™ database—
Breaking the silence-- a KNOCK at the door. Dean comes back online, moves to answer. Stops to SCOWL at the mess. While side-tracked--
The halls were beginning to clear. Because he doesn’t have the regular resistance to bide him time to prepare himself, Cas catches himself taking measured steps.
Dean’s knot, however, was more of a challenge. No doubt, it was a stretch that was going to take some long-term adjusting to; because, sadly, it wasn’t as if Castiel had any
Dean stood in place for a while before heading toward his bedroom. It was nearly two in the morning and he planned to leave by 4:30. Still, he wished he had the time to reconcile with Bobby before he left.
Yes. I... I don't know when it started, or even how. But it has been forming, growing, for some time, now. Feeding off of my grace.
Hidden from the Shadow by Dean's body, Cas discreetly REACHES FOR THE BLADE-- Dean hesitates... then understands.
alphas went. Compared to those Castiel had previously had the displeasure of knowing, the alpha demon was a dream come to life. The omega could only hold out hope that little to none of that image was a meticulously pre-tailored facade, meant to lull Castiel into a false sense of security. Frankly, he’d already dealt with enough manipulation to last his lifetime.
It was either instinct or adrenaline, he wasn’t sure. Dean found himself sweeping around, swinging the iron rod without a second thought. He hadn’t had the chance to see the figure in its entirety, but he did catch sight of blue mist. This was accompanied by a faint cackle.
The Impala in park, Dean waits, watches the water below. Content, he's in no rush. No world-breaking urgency, not anymore. Nothing to fight, no weight to shoulder.
“I see, I see. Hm…” She clucked her tongue, momentarily turning her gaze toward the tiled ceiling. “You are certainly correct, Charlie, dear. This isn’t a common ailment… how fascinating. That is certainly an unusual combination of, what sounds like, quite powerful and life-altering symptoms. Ach, well…” She trailed off, before reaching out a slender hand and attaching it to Cas's forearm. He lurched, but made sure not to pull away. As much as he loathed people touching him without a lick of permission, he reasoned that it was a sacrifice he’d
Dean’s eyes flickered open. He groaned, turning to face his bedside clock: just past two o’ clock. In the morning.
“Dean happens to have told me, about two months back. I confronted him when I heard from my little cousin you two had gotten sappy with one another.”
Cas gave a curt nod, unsure if he was meant to lead the conversation from there, but praying that he wasn’t.
After a short but hot-to-the-touch silence, Chuck coughed. “Boys!” he declared, his voice textured much like a rose bush slathered in syrup. Castiel shuddered. “I’ve been waiting for you two to return. I was hoping we could still finish our meal together, all
“Okay,” Dean responded. “Listen, if you have any trouble sleeping, feel free to wake me up. Got it?”
If Castiel had been expecting anything, that certainly had not been it. His jaw dropped, although he quickly regained his composure. Externally, at least.
So Cas sits. He wishes that the stars were more visible that evening, so he could have something to count. He had only discovered his enjoyment toward counting the day before, counting Dean's freckles. Dean had just assumed that Cas was a slow eater.
Maybe Dean had been pushing his friend too hard. Maybe he should have just let it go and let himself fall into a hole of self-pity. “Cas, if you really don’t want to-”
His precision was better than he could have ever hoped. He managed to slice the vampire’s head clean off her shoulders. Her body fell to the pavement with a
Eventually, Castiel was heading to bed and settling into his roommate without a word of encouragement.
Now that Castiel was able to get a better look at her, he could see that Mary was beaming with happiness. “Aren’t you two excited? It’s your first holiday as a couple! Well, a couple in the public eye, at the very least.”
Wordlessly, Castiel lifted a hand, brushing it over a patch of skin along the curve of his neck. “Here,” he directed.
“So,” Dean continued. Castiel jolted. “Charlie didn’t really tell me anything aside from the fact that you were, and I quote, ‘brunette and dreamy.’ I’m kinda hoping there’s more to it than that.”
Dean gaze flicked downward for a moment. The man had been doing shots. He didn’t look like the shots type, but Dean was willing to roll with it.
Castiel paused. “I’m not entirely sure,” he said. “Maybe if we talked for a bit… that might help. I’m sorry.”
Castiel’s memories seemed to haze a bit around that point— they were mostly intact, just paper-thin and fuzzy around the edges: His father offering him tea from a prepared kettle; Castiel accepting without a second thought, eager to speed up what would undoubtedly be another will-draining talk with his father; Chuck stressing the urgency of his youngest son’s mating status—
(Quick note! I actually went back and did some minor revisions on the previous two chapters. Nothing fundamental enough to cause confusion if you've only read the original versions, but they sound a lil bit better now, heh)
The group hangs around the map table-- bowls of snacks, beers, nice liquor. Claire and Kaia cozy up. So do Dean and Cas, but wary. Light, gleeful chatter. Peace, ease, at last.
Castiel turned again to look at the other man. Dean was covering his eyes with his hand, a telling sign that he was holding back tears.
“You know what,” Dean continued, after a short beat of hesitation. “Fuck it. It’s been a slow day, so come on back.”
Over a month deep into King Chuck’s failed scheme, and both Castiel and Dean assumed the influx of suitors had just about trickled to zero.
Dean shrugged. “They have for a while now. Y’know, livin’ together for so many years, me always taking you with when I visit them, crap like that.” He peered down at the floor for a moment, chuckling lightly.
Castiel had begun to pace across the kitchen as his friend spoke. He trailed to and fro in front of Dean, whose eyes followed the dark-haired man carefully.
John let out another sigh. “Okay, I’ll make you a deal. You talk to Mary, she let’s me know how much of an ‘emergency’ it was later. If you fall short, I get Bobby to kick your ass for me. Got it?”
Castiel was led to the far corner, toward an arrangement of lightly cushioned chairs. He sat, while Dean huffed and plopped down across from him.
The Winchester averted his eyes for a moment before speaking. “Yeah, uh… yeah. Y’know what, fine. I’ll go. Just one meeting for now, okay?”
A claustrophobic nightmare-- but short on customers. Kitschy wallpaper and decor. Clutter, free-range merch. Throughout, shelves of eclectic size, style. An allergy attack waiting to happen.
Charlie nudged Dean in the shoulder, causing him to jolt in surprise. “See? I knew it. I totally knew it,” she said.
All the same, he could hear Dean approaching until there was a dip in the bed. “C’mon, buddy. Be honest with me.”
Dean didn’t bother verbalizing his response. Rather, he stumbled over his own loose feet before sprinting off, the hard
Dean slung his arm around Castiel, pulling his friend in closer. Castiel complied silently, eventually nestling his head beneath Dean’s chin.
There was a brief silence, before Castiel felt Jimmy’s hand leave his back. “Really? That’s great! I told you applying to college would be a good idea. See, just one school. Like I said. That’s all it would take. I knew you’d get in. I--”
Castiel hesitated, before adding, “Besides, if you ever happen to meet the man, then you have my full permission to… do with him whatever you want.”
Dean peered down at the floor for a moment, nearly causing Castiel to panic. However, he quickly looked back up, directly at Sam. A grin was spread across his face. “Going on five months now,” Dean said. “But you’re right. Guess we’ve been goin’ about some of the motions for even longer.”
Castiel nodded, squeezing Dean’s bicep in encouragement. “You don’t have to tell me about it now, if you’d prefer not to.” Fair, but in reality, the omega was teeming with far too much intrigue to be swiftly packed away. He prayed that Dean didn’t take him up on his offer, as understandable as that would have been. Still, Castiel was prepared to drop the subject, for the sake of his mate’s comfort. If need be.
. Do you even understand how incredibly dangerous it is for you to be here?! Actually, how are you even here? How--
Mary snickered. “Oh, you two are absolutely adorable. We’ll leave you to yourselves. Just remember the pies!”
Dean closed his eyes, shielding himself from Castiel’s concerned stare. He didn’t open them as he spoke. “This is gonna sound crazy as all hell, but the lore Bobby would tell me as a kid is real. Don’t know how much of it is real, but in general… it’s real, Mom.”
“What? No, seriously, I’ll be happy with whoever makes you happy.” It technically wasn’t a lie. Still, that didn’t mean emotional pain wouldn’t be involved.
“I was scared. And kinda assumin’ you already knew, it didn’t feel necessary. Basically, I’m an asshole,” Dean said.
they think of me as a ‘nice’ autocrat. Is that a thing? I wanna be hands-off, but also, I wanna give ‘em all that I can. Without getting in the way of their sense of independence, I guess.”
Dean leans against his baby shortly after school lets out. He’s overthinking, and he knows it. All the same, he can’t believe what he’s done. He’s never manipulated someone like this before, particularly some nerdy kid he hardly knows. Dean is fairly certain that they have calculus together, but other than that, he has only seen the kid in passing between classes.
Charlie, bless her, managed to respond with near perfect nonchalance; this calmed Cas, yet somehow, also put him just a bit more on-edge. Well, then. “Hey, Ro! Where are you at? The back? I kinda, really need your help with something. Or, at least, my friend here sure does. Oh, Cas, introduce yourself!”
The flesh around the omega’s mating bite began to tingle. The muscle seemed to have thickened and been replaced by a flurry of sparks, erupting just beneath his scar, and—
“Honestly? I don’t give a damn if there’s no one around. I love you, Cas, and I want you to know that.”
Castiel looked back to the trunk for a few seconds. “I thought that that would be your response. I suppose I should give you the details.”
Dean doesn’t let go of Cas’s gaze, no matter how vindictive it is. Deans sees a hurricane brewing in his boyfriend’s eyes.
Castiel perked upright, the jumbled connections in his mind beginning to come together. Well, at least there was
Castiel’s motel hadn’t been hard to find. It was about as sleazy as sleazy motels got, which didn’t seem to align with the stoic, severe image Dean had of the other hunter.
“Because not many hunters would take on a partner so easily. You were willing, to put it simply. And almost none are so eager to hunt. I thought that you would be… an experience.” Castiel said, looking at his feet. Dean couldn’t tell whether it was the result of shame, or embarrassment over being caught. “And, yes, if you’d like me to reiterate. I am an angel. Although I understand if you choose not to believe me. I understand if you choose to forcibly evict me from our motel room.”
Dean couldn’t help but crack a smile. “So, ah, I went on a walk with Castiel. We… we ran into a few demons.”
Still, Jimmy wanted him to succeed. Jimmy was there for him. Maybe it was time just to take a blind leap.
"Bring or wear the jacket marked by my father's handprint. Carrying a piece of Castiel should provide a stronger tether to the Empty, as the displaced matter pulls to its intended place of rest..."
Yeah. Yeah, let's just hope he isn't too pissed at me for all this. Though, he's probably used to me pulling crap like this, by now...
Dean pursed his lips and nodded, absorbing the news. “You still got your matches on you? In case we need to burn something.”
Early on, Castiel had been uncomfortable knowing what a short distance lie between him and his father. Now, however, he was grateful.
Dean didn’t quite know why he was so faithful in what most people would perceive as fantasy. He didn’t know why he became so absorbed in the possibility that monsters roamed the Earth. No, not even the possibility. It was definite.
To his surprise, Summer only shook her head. “No. After what I’ve gone through, I feel like I could believe anything. Maybe the experience has just made my gullible, I don’t know. But I’ll accept ‘angel’.”
But, no— Castiel would never find the opportunity to speak truth to his father. Following years of silence and cowardice, he’d lost his chance. Instead, he’d wither away, in the very same silence he’d spent his life consumed by.
Dean laughs nervously. “Dude, I didn’t even know Luci was living with you now. And, hey, you don’t have to take it that far. Just keep your secrets away from him, maybe.” Dean pauses. “I’m not defending what he did, though. I mean, he had no right to tell me anything.”
Although, Dean didn’t appear angry. Instead of indignantly rehashing what had gone wrong, he grew quiet.
abducted the prince from his chambers on a dark and stormy night, like Castiel had assumed Chuck would be spouting off about. Maybe, just this once, the king had decided to test out some old-fashioned
Dean nods carefully before continuing, "Well, I'm bisexual." Was that all he could manage to say? He catches Meg preparing to continue, so Dean speaks quickly, "I mean, I really like Cas. A lot. And I'm not going to hurt him. At least, I don't want to. Ever, okay?"
“So, what’s up?” Dean asked. He wasn’t frowning anymore, which was good. However, that didn’t necessarily mean it was going to stay that way.
Still, little did the mare know: Hereafter was hardly more than a short romp away. After all, it wasn’t as if King Chuck had bothered complicating his scheme; no dumping his omega son any considerable distance away, giving him a chance to prematurely exit his potion-induced stupor. Now,
Castiel nodded. “I would like to cover the third floor. You wouldn’t mind taking the first and second?”
Although his limbs had gone flaccid and his voice tempered to practically a whisper, the suitor wasn’t quite ready to surrender. “Your highness, my name is Sir Richard Roman of the revered Kingdom Leviathania. I am the favored choice of mate by your father, himself. Look, I don’t know what kind of sick manipulation or coercion it took for you to find yourself in this position, but I can still save you, I can still…” Rather than continue babbling and wait to be interrupted again, Richard trailed off. His eyes were hard, although the fight seemed to have already left them.
And much like in the library-- a cloudy PORTAL forms, only now, it's LOUD. Less hissing, more HURRICANE WINDS.
Castiel mewled into Dean’s open mouth as the alpha pressed into him. He lay flat on his back; Dean had insisted upon the position, pupils nearly blown to the point of flooding his darkened sclera. Still, the alpha’s voice had tempered to a warm hum, each word seeming to coddle the omega as much as his mate’s own body. Castiel found himself soothed by the stream of praise, somehow, despite his inability to even process what was being said.
Cas is the first to pull away, to Dean’s automatic dismay. “Remember,” he says softly. “I married you for a reason, Dean.”
Alfred brought Dean and Castiel down another hallway, which led directly into a small kitchen-slash-dining room.
Charlie let out an audible sigh. “That’s good, then. Sorry, Dean. Didn’t mean to give anything away before you’re ready.”
Dean stepped back inside his own house, shrugging off his jacket before striding into the family room.
Castiel shrugged, turning back to the laptop. “I should probably check my grade now,” he said cooly.
“Gabe, I’m so sorry for lying to you, but next to none of what I just said is the truth. Still, we have to make sure that Father believes it
Hey. Stop and listen to me. You're doing all you can, okay? Your brother doesn't respond well to... emotional brute force. You can't push him before he's ready. Just be there for him, like I know you already are.
“Sarcasm, Cas. Sarcasm.” Dean turned back to face Summer. “So you want us to drop you off anywhere? Believe it or not, we do have cars.”
“Fine,” Dean snaps, shuddering again. Hey, Catherine was cute and all, but who would’ve known she had a long-term boyfriend? “Fine. I’ll do it. But just for a week, got it?”
Castiel hung his head back and let out a frustrated groan. “What is there not to follow? I have a ridiculous crush on you. Why are you even making me say it? It’s embarrassing, Dean,” he muttered.
Thrown over the desk chair... the JACKET MARKED BY CAS'S BLOODY HANDPRINT, unwashed. A critical reminder.
Benny gave Dean a brief, albeit stern, glance. “Dean here talked about quite a lot after the nitty-gritty of Ally Training yesterday,” he said.
“Well,” Castiel sighs. “I suppose… I suppose I do like to paint. However, I was unable to fit art onto my sche-”
Squinting, Castiel folded his arms across his chest. Genuine as the king might have seemed, Castiel knew from experience that most royal elites were
The halls seem to blur around Cas the next morning. Each student, every voice, blends together in some sort of chaotic orchestra. He has grown accustomed to meeting Dean at his locker in the morning, but now he finds his heart pounds at the thought that Dean may still be there. That he might still be waiting for Cas.
“Sure,” Charlie replied, leaning back against the fridge. She flashed a grin. “Maybe I’ll tease you about it, maybe I won’t. We’ll see.”
“So, what now?” Dean asked as Castiel stopped just a few feet in front of him. “We gonna head over to Alfred, see what information he can give us? Or should we call him?”
They arrive at Dean’s house a moment later. Cas notes that it is just slightly larger than the home he shares with Gabe. Simple white paneling and a small front porch. Altogether, a typical cookie-cutter home.
the truth, I’ve never even heard of the existence of angels. Dean, I’m not sure how safe it is for you to trust him. I’m sorry to diverge, but I can’t help but feel compelled to ask something. How do you know for sure that this partner of yours isn’t human? Has he shown any signs?”
Ellen smiled. “I’m glad you two are happy together. Assumin’ this isn’t too invasive, what knocked some sense into you? What finally gotcha to acknowledge the fact that you were head over heels?”
Eileen chuckled, butting in, “We were intending to visit you today, Dean. But we showed up to yours, and Benny kindly explained to us the hokey romance novel you’d gotten yourself tied up in. It only seemed fair that we’d get to sit in on your
“I don’t know yet. It may be, yes.” Castiel paused. “You’re already speaking as if you’ve done this before.”
“Probably not,” Dean responded. He paused. “Maybe eventually. Just not now. Callin’ you was hard enough.”
“Why didn’t you remind me to grab the EMF meter? Not that it’s your responsibility, but I forgot twice, dude. When we met you seemed pretty enthusiastic about tryin’ the piece of junk out.”
Castiel nodded plainly, nearly shaking as he tried to maintain a calm composure. He was surrounded by thoughts, swarming him and tying knots inside of his head. Castiel tried to convince himself that he was simply frustrated at Dean for lying. All the same, he knew the truth deep in his gut. Possibly very shallow in his gut.
home. C’mon, seriously, I’m not gonna have your death weighing on my conscience. I’ve already got enough of that kinda weight, as is.”
Dean found himself taking a few steps back as Castiel approached him. The man in the trench coat furrowed his brow.
Ten minutes later, Dean had slipped out of his grungy mechanic’s attire, and into a pair of grey sweatpants and a faded t-shirt. He returned to the kitchen with a broad smile.
It was on the tip of Castiel’s tongue. He should just spit it out. What if Dean had a problem with his situation? It would be better to end things now, before they could potentially get very, very awkward.
As Castiel gave his mate a light punch on the arm, Gabriel burst into a fit of… well, borderline manic laughter. Now, it was the omega’s turn to stare, blinking in confusion.
“Please tell me you guys kiss before work or something,” Charlie muttered. The room went silent. “What? I think goodbye kisses are cute. Sue me.”
Don't really know what else there is to say, at this point. I'm proud as hell of you, Jack. And I swear, after this is all said and done, I'll never ask a damn thing of you again.
With a wordless frown, Dean stepped to the side. He gestured for Castiel to enter the room; which, upon direct inspection, appeared to be a kind of woodcarver’s studio. Half-finished furniture projects were scattered about the open room, alongside stacks of planks and the occasional free-roaming metal tool.
Coraline wished the pair a goodbye as they made their way toward the front door. “Hey, it’s great of you guys to be helping Al out like this. I just thought you should know that. Good luck,” she said.
“All right, cool. So, I’ll just get to the point, then,” Claire said, attempting to re-straighten her posture, lightweight armor clinking against itself. “I am basically
Dean nodded. “S’okay. Only one? Dude, you didn’t come out to me until senior year, right before graduation. So you only had one relationship in high school?”
"The week's over; I would get out of it while I still can. For all you know, you could be killing your chances of getting drafted. Not that I have anything against gay people - my aunt is gay."
Dean winced. “But what if there’s some kind of, I don’t know, “family only” takeover? What will we do then?”
Bobby’s stare was focused directly on Dean, now. He didn’t look happy, either. That wasn’t exactly helping Dean out.
Castiel chuckled softly. “I assumed you’d changed your mind about using it. That you wanted just a bit more of a challenge.”
The female alpha’s hair was pulled back and away from her face, blonde locks tight against her scalp. Despite her confident posture and attempted power pose, she still managed to appear entirely uncomfortable in the situation. Her frown was set deep, glare distant and unfocused. Although she had clearly masked the full potency of her scent, the omega didn’t miss the waft of fermenting citrus, which was brought in further by the breeze. Very clearly, the young alpha wasn’t too happy about her position. Even before he knew
about you, and the fact that you don’t come from a royal line… I’d say there’s a good chance that that’s the case.”
Dean took a step closer to Castiel, and then another. “A chance can mean anything, right?” He said, speaking softly. “Maybe I could just, I dunno. I could kiss you? Would that be okay? Just, y’know, testing the waters.” He put on a sheepish grin.
Dean hesitated. “Yeah. I’d say it’s actually some of the best new I’ve gotten in my life. Next to you gettin’ into Stanford, of course.”
The woman nodded and Dean peered over toward Castiel. He had never seen the other man look so alert.
Castiel used his sleeve to dab at his own lips. “Your brother? I didn’t realize you had any siblings.” Dean never seemed to mention his family, so his mate hadn’t pried.
Cas hummed. “I guess,” he said, absentmindedly clicking the pen in his hand. “Honestly, I haven’t had much of an appetite, today. But yeah, I should probably eat something.”
“Well, I just…” Dean huffed, head falling into his hands. His voice was muffled as he continued, “Last thing I want is to feel like I’m manipulating you, Cas. I care about you way too much for that. Damn it, I’d never forgive myself.”
The alpha demon nodded, a sideways grin plastered to his face. “Of course, Your Majesty. Your generosity is appreciated. I’m simply thrilled to be able to witness the mating confirmation of this wonderful couple.”
Despite the biting pain in his extremities and the numbness of his face, Castiel felt a rush of energy return to him. Still shaking, he wobbled up to his feet, fighting against the buckling in his knees. “Wait, just— wait a second. Are you…?” He knew that if the answer was “yes,” there would be no need for him to bumble out the rest of the question. Surely, the cloaked man would know exactly what was being asked.
“His neighbor,” Sam said. He turned toward his brother. “Who, last time I checked, Dean couldn’t stand.”
“Sammy…” Dean said, sighing heavily this time. “I don’t know why. I always have, and I probably always will. Believe in Uncle Bobby’s lore, I mean. Part of me… it wants to go out there and find it, y’know? Maybe even be one of the ‘hunters’ from Bobby’s stories.” Dean paused to chuckle. “I sound fuckin’ ridiculous right now, don’t I?”
Dean was prepared to lunge forward, to help the other man subdue the demon, when Castiel placed his palm on the demon’s forehead.
Castiel places his free hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I am very proud of you, Dean,” he says. Apparently those words are enough to draw back in Dean’s gaze.
“Y’know, this is super important,” Charlie reminded him, using her fingertips to soothe the site of assault. “Like, for your own well-being. Hell, for your
Does the guy know anything about personal space? Dean thinks. Not that he minds the closeness; not in the slightest.
While Dean opened his mouth, Claire cut his rebuttal short. “Yeah, but how the hell are we gonna just explain the
He unlocked the trunk and tossed it open. He stuffed as many canisters of salt into his arms as he could manage, before closing it with his elbow.
Castiel grinned. “This is extraordinary. I can’t believe you love me. I mean, I still don’t get why you didn’t say anything--”
The omega stood stock straight as his father approached. Even from down the hall, Chuck’s standard grin-snarl was clear.
Scaling the first available staircase, he continued on with his quiet trek of the Infernal King’s estate.
Cas freezes, suddenly flustered. He is eternally thankful that Dean can’t see him.  “I, um,” he starts slowly. “School. I suppose that I don’t have much free time outside of my classwork.”
He would tell Dean himself, just in case. He would be upfront. Right when Dean got back to the table, Castiel would tell him. Tell Dean he was--
Leisurely, Cas turns around, expecting it to be his monthly “hey, fag.” Or possibly Dean, who may have snuck out of class early to greet Castiel once more before the end of the school day.
Dean’s eyes widened, mouth falling open. He hadn’t figured it out? “Uh,” Dean said. “Just someone. That you don’t know.”
“Hey, sorry I forgot to ask what flavour you wanted. I ordered one chocolate and one vanilla, so you can take your pick. I don’t really care which I get.”
Despite the faint tears that still streaked his face, Castiel couldn’t help but smile. “Dean,” he said, habitually sinking into the other man. Yeah. Maybe that was what he needed. “I honestly can’t believe you think cuddling is an effective method of persuasion.”
glad you’re not able to. So… there.” Given the scent-inhibiting tonic Chuck had recently started forcing down Castiel’s gullet, even without a new dose, he’d be all but scentless for at least another couple of weeks. Three, if he was lucky.
Then, like a punch in the gut, it hit him. Dean wanted to see him again. This entire thing would have been so much easier if they had just hated each other. Castiel’s smile faded in an instant.
Then give you the very same finale as Castiel, all over again. Some nice mushy words, then I tear you away from your only shot at happiness. And what a clever parallel that would be!
“Of course I’m not kidding,” Castiel said. He couldn’t recall a time in which he’d felt more self-assured. Years of pent up hopelessness were evaporating on the spot.
Castiel rolls over, streaks of sunlight highlighting his pale skin. He stretches, lets out a deep yawn, and pushes himself up against the headboard. Cas passes a glance around the room; cream walls, cream desk, cream dresser. Aside from the hardwood floors and bed, the room is almost entirely entrenched in near white. Of course, if you exclude the array of clothing skrewn across the floor.
them,” Castiel corrected, an edge of frustration finally surfacing in his voice. “And yes, I knew it would have an effect on me. I just did not know it would be this intense.”
When Castiel did decide the pull back, however, he was smiling wide. Dean appeared to be the dazed one, this time.
Dean shook his head. “I said I do more than I don’t, man. Nothing is confirmed. Let’s just sleep on it, okay?”
Castiel gave a toothy grin. “No, of course not, Dean. Although I do have a problem with how long you waited to do that.”
Dean’s feature contort. “Then what’s up? C’mon, you gotta tell me, man. Well, I mean, you don’t have to. Only if you’re comfortable.”
Summer nodded. “Yeah, I could use a ride. God, my family is probably panicking. I don’t even know how long I’ve been gone. Time is messed up when you’re possessed.”
Castiel had been getting on Dean’s nerve since the day he moved in next door, something around four months ago. It wasn’t much, in reality. That didn’t mean Dean didn’t hold one hell of a grudge against Castiel Novak.
The redheaded demon swung her door open, and Dean took a step back. The rest of the doors flew open a moment later.
Slowly, Castiel crept toward his front door. He took a look out of the peephole and let out a shaky sigh: Dean. It was only Dean. Dean, his boyfriend of three months. Dean, the man who’d nearly just given him a heart attack by failing to at least text him.
Still, he pulled away quicker than it took to gauge Dean’s reaction. A brief moment of anxiety passed before Castiel was offering a gummy smile, meeting Dean’s growing beam.
Dean had made the discovery, however. “Oh,” he said, gnawing at his lip. “So, when you were out visiting Sam this morning, I told my co-worker she could stop by. Basically, she’s in the middle of moving apartments, and she’d only just enchanted some moss the other day, so—”
Dean stood up and held a hand out to Cas, who took it without hesitation. Dean pulled his roommate up off of the couch, leading him toward the bedroom across from Cas’s. Moments later, Cas had found himself pressed up again Dean, kissing him almost frantically now. Dean responded favorably, matching the intensity of the kiss.
The angel’s eyes flew open before he hopped off the bed. He walked quickly, weaving around the sleeping woman, until he stood just before Dean. “Did your private phone call go well?”
“I know, Cas,” Dean said with another sigh. “It was a shit plan. But it’s too late now, okay? I’m sorry. Really, I am.”
Dean’s forced grin faltered for just a fraction of a second. That doesn't mean that Castiel didn't notice. “Uh, yeah, he does.”
Chuck raised his hands and grinned, a gesture far more mocking than it was placating. Although, that very well might have been what the king intended; the man was shameless in his assholery. “Fine, fine, you got me. I was actually waiting on Castiel, here. The two of us really do need to finish our conversation, you know.”
Charlie was practically gaping, by then. She took a few overly cautious steps toward Cas, lowering her voice considerably. “Cas Novak. I’m sorry, but that is
“Dude,” Dean said with a slight chuckle. He rubbed his eyes. “It’s okay. Don’t need the full five pages typed. You have any idea why you’re having trouble sleeping? That’s probably a great place to start. Anything I can help with?”
Still boring his gaze into the floor, Dean begins to hear footsteps. He looks up to see Meg walking slowly in the opposite direction, hands in her pockets. A thought hits Dean.
Shortly before he’d reached the scene, it’d all dipped into silence— well, aside from some garbled yelling, seeing as someone
Cas deflated. “Not exactly,” he said, although he knew it sounded like a stone-cold lie the moment it slithered out of his lips. So, he amended. “At least, it isn’t anything truly debilitating. Just incredibly strange, I guess.”
Dean was now nudging Cas with a socked foot, gently prodding at his roommate’s calf. Cas peered up from his lap. All the while, Dean continued to stare vacantly at his laptop screen, vision almost certainly falling out of focus.
Castiel huffed a laugh, looking downward. “No, I’m a college student, unfortunately. I’m also, um, something else. And you should know.”
Still, he was tempted to drop some kind of half thought-out retort on the demon. Dean continued, ignoring the urge:
Dean whispers quietly into Cas’s ear, his lips feathering against his partner. “Cas, I love you. So much that I can’t even put it into words; and that frustrates me, y’know? But I just wanted to remind you.”
Dean peered over his shoulder, to see that Castiel had turned around as well. “Dean,” he said. “We need to get out of here.”
The artificially haughty voice of a guard came from across the hall. And, Chuck seemed eager to have his attention torn away from… whatever the dinner table was devolving into.
Dean tensed, the bitter notes in his scent curling around the warm spice, practically smothering it. “Yeah, well, how could you even ensure that that’s safe? Cas, you don’t know what kinda shit your dad might pull. ‘Cause, I kinda get the sense he’s a vengeful guy.”
enjoy sleep-- I also appreciate a bit of entertainment, every now and again. And I've got a real soap opera on my hands, haven't I?
Castiel nodded, staring directly at his friend. “If this has been going on for a while, why did you wait until now to tell me?”
Dean had never experienced heartbreak before, and he had always imagined that it would be a gradual experience. Instead, Dean finds his heart crashing from his chest over the span of a few simple seconds.
At that, Dean shrugged. “All I’m saying is that your scent would help with the release of mating hormones or whatever, and the bond would sure as hell be more likely to take. That’s all.”
There was no hesitation to his movements, his gait full of pep and bordering on enthusiastic. Still, he didn’t reach out to fiddle with any of the items; he simply stood in place, arms crossed over his chest, facing away from Rowena and company.
“Okay. Fine, I’ll leave you alone. I hope you realize that you’ve accomplished nothing in your favour,” Castiel said, letting out another heavy breath.
“I’m sorry Dean, all that he told me was that his name is Lucifer and that he wanted to speak to you.”
Somehow, without Cas noticing it, the kiss had deepened. Their tongues glided against one another’s, causing Cas to unintentionally let out a small moan.
Dean snorted. “So, like I was trying to say… my name’s Dean Winchester. Commonly known as the King of the Infernal Realm. Ring a bell, man?” He paused. “Oh, and I’m your son’s
By the front entryway, Castiel found… them. Obviously, there was Dean. His weapon had since returned to its holster, seeing as the alpha’s hands were, uh, otherwise occupied.
the same shape and size, although the structural discrepancies were obvious. It was all very… natural. Homey.
And to his dismay, the regulations were solid; once Cas was out of surgery, it was strictly family only. After a brief but vigorous smattering of argument, Dean left in a huff.
So that’s what they spent the next forty-five minutes discussing. Castiel learned that, apparently, he could go on about grades and his professors for a while.
After throwing some clothes and his wallet into a travel bag, Dean set his phone alarm. It was 2:15 by the time he got into bed.
Although, “Point me to your mating gland. I can’t exactly smell anything, so I’m gonna need to be sure.”
Castiel was standing just outside, wearing a red cable-knit sweater, dusted with snow. He also had on a small smile. Dean smiled back.
Cas huffed, rolling his eyes. Even then, he couldn’t help but smile, matching his friend. Her warmth was infectious; although, it was largely superficial on Cas. Really, he was too stressed to broach any comorbid emotions. Which, sadly, seemed to include the pleasant ones.
Cas shivers, feeling nearly cruel suddenly. Why hadn’t he at least asked Dean to be friends? He didn’t need to cut him out completely.
And why would I just hand over my most prized possession, hm? I worked so very hard to earn him, you know.
“First of all, I’m honoured that you think I’m above grudges,” Jimmy said. “But I’m not. I’m not just gonna let this guy pull the ‘oh, I didn’t know she was in a relationship’ card and--”
Dean snorted. This guy’s high horse was in the fucking clouds. “Why? No offense, man, but all you’ve done is act like a dick. Listen. I don’t know you, so I’m not gonna judge too hard. But could you, like, I dunno… stop?”
Given the pair’s obvious discomfort and the lack of mating hormones brought about by intimacy, the bite stung. All right, actually, it was more than just a sharp pinch; it
At the time, Dean still wasn’t sure of what he felt about his neighbor. Sure, the guy was grumpy, and a bit of an ass, but maybe he really was busy. Like, insanely busy. Or maybe he was a drug dealer. Dean didn’t judge.
"Thank you," Castiel responds plainly as he takes the instrument. He turns back around to jot down his address overtop the locker beside his own.
The woman was surprisingly petite, yet carried herself as if she could crush Cas beneath her pinkie finger, alone. Red hair styled in fat curls poured over the shoulders of her simple black gown. Her eyes seemed to be faintly glowing, and Cas wasn’t certain he was comfortable with that fact, all things considered.
Gavin has been persistent in his efforts to get Dean to cut it off with Cas. He threatens repeatedly to tell Cas of his and Dean’s relationship’s origin story. Despite the threats, Dean remains staunch and secure. Gavin isn’t prepared to set off some sort of team-wide turmoil at this crucial point in the season. And naturally, no one would forgive the guy who causes the team to lose their star quarterback. So in that regard, Dean is almost certainly safe. Not that that makes Gavin any less of an annoying douchebag.
“What can I get for ya?” Ellen doesn’t even bother with pad and pen. She continues to stand with her arms crossed, staring affectionately at the two young men; Dean in particular. Although, Dean does catch a peculiar fondness expressed to Castiel alone.
Castiel sighs deeply as he approaches his locker. It isn’t much; just a sticky note with “fag” written on it in red marker. It isn’t much, not at all, and he’s used to it.
Dean is absolutely beaming. "That's good, 'cause I was just gonna ask you on another one tonight. I can't skip practice again, so we'll have to figure out a later time. I can pick you up, if you'd like. Anyway, whaddaya say?"
for more than an evening. He wasn’t wrong; Castiel wasn’t ignorant of his own biology, no matter how much he resented his body’s bylaws. And since physical intimacy was out of the question, ‘quality time’ seemed to be the only practical option.
just charity to him, then Castiel surely had little power to uproot his mate’s feelings. For Dean, he’d quietly settle for heartbreak. Though, to drop some poison into the gaping flesh wound, he already knew he’d feel guilty simply for enduring that heartbreak, in the first place.
something that you have a problem with, then head down to our bedchambers immediately. I’ll meet you there in just a moment.”
Left alone, books strewn across the desk and floor-- Macie makes no movement to tidy, finally free to snooze. Checking out and losing interest in the runaway stories, as we--
Charlie huffed in response. “Well,” she said, “Freakish stomach light aside, have any of the more minor symptoms been causing you enough of an issue? Like, didn’t you mention something about a low appetite?”
Dame Claire Novak of Dreamwälk,” she added, stepping forward. “That was pretty much the only part that was correct.”
Finally, Dean spoke up. “I thought that since, y’know, I never got you a proper engagement ring, now would be a good time. Happy anniversary.”
“Just let me explain, all right? Yes, I’m technically here because I heard of your father’s challenge. But I’m not interested in mating you. No offense, but men aren’t really, um, my thing.”
wasn’t enough for him to get too cozy— nope, not a chance. Although, it did seem to make the situation just… slightly more manageable. Castiel’s limbs continued to loosen.
was certainly one way to put it. He’d been doomed to end up in a “situation” one day, hadn’t he? It was almost shocking that it hadn’t happened sooner.
“I’m tellin’ the truth.” Dean’s tone was gentler than before. “Listen, Bobby, I knew you wouldn’t be happy with this. I just wanted to be honest with you.”
was inside of me. It was the weirdest feeling. I could see what was going on with my body, but I had no control over it, y’know?”
If Cas didn’t know any better, he’d say that Charlie was attempting to slice into his squishy, heat-resistant flesh with her stare, alone. Frankly, if the razor-sharp shame that Cas was struck with said anything, Charlie wasn’t too far off from her goal. A cocktail of daggers, concern, and curiosity— it was practically pouring from Charlie’s eyes, dousing Cas over the head like several consecutive jugs of ice water.
“Not at all. Thank you for being realistic,” Cas mutters, standing up. “I’m going to go to my room. Thank you for listening to me.”
Gabriel snorted. “Priorities, priorities. Well, in that case, let’s go get you something to eat. Yeah?”
unbothered. “Well, it’s… actually pretty complicated. But, I suppose it boils down to: Is it ever possible for enchanted plant materials, no matter how benevolent, to backfire and have negative side effects on their surroundings? Like, almost, giving someone a magical allergic reaction?”
my name, I guess that’s true. But I’m not a guard of the Infernal King, and I’m not a ‘Campbell.’ Not sure your dad would even recognize my actual name, honestly, but we weren’t gonna take that risk.”
The aforementioned pair lay in Dean’s bed that night, shoulders brushing and hands intertwined. Cas had suggested that they watch the stars that night, although Dean had adamantly refused. Dean’s defiance had surprised Cas, but he knew that if Dean wanted to do what they were doing, there had to be a good reason.
Despite the tension that was threatening to swallow the conversation whole, a lightness entered Castiel’s fast-beating heart. Dean cared about him. Him, Castiel Shurley, imperial scavenger hunt prop.
Fingers still interlocked, Dean tightens his grip even further as footfalls can be heard down the upstairs hallway. A moment later, a younger teenage boy appears at the top of the staircase. He sports a mop of unruly brown hair, and appears to be dressed for bed.
Cas’s heart skips a beat immediately upon reading the signature. As if he doesn't recognize the handwriting immediately, which he doesn't want to admit.
So he took a risk. He swung as hard as he could, nailing the gir- vampire in the jaw. Just to Dean’s luck, she let go of his throat and staggered backwards.
Cas blushed deeply. “I decided it would be best not to discuss my lack of high school relationships. I am sorry that I never talked to you about this in the past.”
” Dean was clearly attempting to appear somber in the face of his great revelation, but had hardly managed to contain his giggle.
“Well, ah,” Dean started. “If I’m gonna be honest, we were just testing the waters at first. Weren’t sure if we could transition from friends to a couple. Didn’t want to disappoint anyone if it didn’t work out.”
Dean couldn’t help but experience a brief moment of condolence for the man. However, his mind drifted quickly to the murdered woman. She’d probably been clean of any serious wrong-doing, and yet she had to meet such a gruesome end. Ghosts could be fuckin’ vicious.
Castiel jolted, turning to look at the perpetrator. Lo and behold, there stood a starry eyed Dean. His expression fell quickly when he got a better look at Castiel.
lost him. Plus, I don't even know what happened-- because you still won't tell me. Do you think that I have closure over this?
He finds Gabriel in their small living room. “Hey, little bro,” Gabe says with a sheepish grin. “Guess you already ran into Lucy?”
Dean huffed. “Well, yeah, I kinda figured that one out on my own, man,” he said, stepping closer. Castiel responded by taking a step of his own— a generous step back, until bark was raking at his spine. “You’re really not that far out from my home, y’know. My
Cas hadn’t spoken to Dean in months, and here was, swooning over his goddamn smile. Thinking about pulling the other man in and kissing him so passionately that all he could think of was that moment. All it took was speaking to him.
In those walls, they’d shifted over to their hastily coordinated personas. The plan had commenced, and, well—
His memories were soon proven accurate. The Infernal King appeared to be just nudging forty— right around Gabriel’s age, if Castiel were to hazard a guess. He was a touch scruffier and more disheveled than Castiel remembered, his short hair startlingly reminiscent of wet sand in both shade and disarray. Interestingly, Dean’s sclera was pure black, practically swallowing each of his dark green irises.
“I suppose we should check out the third floor,” Castiel said, speaking much louder than Dean had been.
So that’s what Castiel did. He gave Dean the name and address of the motel he was staying at, requesting that Dean meet him there at 5:30 in the morning (to which Dean groaned). Castiel also stated that he would give Dean the address to the Iowa motel and the location of the haunting in the morning.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Um, so, what’s up with the shots? Since you’re workin’ a job, I mean.”
"Alfred," Castiel said, gentle tone contrasting Dean's rough one. "Where do you keep this lock of hair?"
Castiel could hear Benny begin a slow retreat, possibly to go inform Dean of the situation. In any case, it was probably clear to him that little danger was being posed against the omega.
The demon had tried to make her way over toward Dean. Instead, she found herself bent over, coughing madly. “Y- you… we were supposed to… talk first.”
, I talk about you guys, asshole.” Dean really does have a unique way of expressing affection, doesn’t he?
“Dean, are you serious? You’ve got to be kidding with me. I mean, I get believing it before the age of eight - I sort of did - but really, Dean? You’re sixteen. That stuff isn’t real.” Sam’s laugh had faded quickly, and his tone grown serious. Concerned, even.
“On a hunt. A haunting in Iowa. I already said the Iowa part, didn’t I?” Dean wanted to say more, to further assure Mary that what he was saying was true, but the words were caught in his throat.
Dean continued, “Anyway, how’d he know you’d be safe stayin’ here with me? Fuck, like, did he ever consider the fact that I could have, just… killed you on sight, or something— hell, maybe even
Dean nodded to himself and, for the first time, focused in on Castiel. The angel sat across from him, perfectly still.
“I doubt Castiel’s even told you who he is!” the demon blurted. Another scream rang out in the background.
By the following week, the bulk of the football team has either forgotten or grown bored of Dean’s situation. Dean’s developing relationship with Cas would have been pure bliss if it weren’t for a couple of setbacks: Gavin, as well as the unaccredited knowledge of Meg Masters.
Cas feels as if he alone is capable of spinning the world out of the control in a fragile moment like this. And that sense of power, something entirely unfamiliar to him, takes over. In an instant, Cas’s arms are around Dean’s torso, holding him tight. Dean lets out a sharp gasp as Castiel presses their lips together.
Castiel’s expression remained blank. “Your brother. What did you tell him? I don’t believe you’ve mentioned his name.”
“I’m sorry that I lied to you, Dean,” he said. His eyes went wide again as Dean took a few steps forward. “About being human, not about being an angel,” Castiel added quickly.
All the while, Chuck continued the one-sided discussion, catching his son up on that evening’s agenda. “We talked this one out the other day, and the court came up with a
That night, Dean was about to lay down to sleep when there was a knock at his door. A calmer knocking than what he had heard previously.
It was the sweetest Castiel had ever scented from Claire, bursting with vanilla and perfectly ripe orange.
Naturally, Castiel had barely managed to lead Claire through the entryway before Dean came barreling in. Benny was on his heels, hitting Castiel with what were very clearly apologetic eyes. That was… not a good sign.
Fidgeting in his seat, Dean nodded. “So, what— I’m just supposed to hold you hostage for the indefinite future? All with a goddamn
Cas fidgets a bit against the tall grass. He still has a lingering fear that he will bore Dean with his "nerdy" ideations.
The room around Dean was spinning. “Woah, woah, Mom. Slow down. What’s going on? So you know about hunting too?”
Castiel just shrugged. “She cares. I think that’s a very nice thing,” he said, leaning back against the pantry.
“But it was also invasive and a breach of privacy,” Cas adds. “Lucifer… he had no right to do something such as this. I may have forgiven Gabriel, but I do not know if I can do the same for Lucifer.” Cas pauses. “I’m kicking him out the house, if I can manage.”
“Good to see you boys,” Bobby said, planted in a seat beside John. He flashed a small but strangely comforting smile.
Dean RUSHES DOWN THE HALL. Eileen watches, smile laced with sorrow. Already hit hard by second thoughts...
“Okay, first off, I am so fu- so sorry. I know I should be more sympathetic right now, and I’m probably being a lousy son, but I just gotta ask you one question. Why did Bobby tell you about hunting?”
Dean broke in, drank a bottle of water and then took the things he liked. Castiel figured they were not healthy to eat, but what could he say? ‘Please don’t’? He cringed when Dean pulled up his shirt to inspect the burn on his arm. It
They laugh and kiss, and then watch the morning sun glisten through the window, making their eyes shine.
“What’s wrong? What are you reading?” Claire asks when Dean buries his blushing head in the pillow. With a boiling face, he types,
Dean nods and wonders if he should put more faith in his courage or his stupidity. Probably wouldn’t make a difference. “Hey, listen,” he begins anew, “do you wanna – you know, have dinner sometime soon?” He finally meets Cas’ blue eyes, squinting at him. “Not just birthday leftovers, those weren’t that fabuloso,” he specifies with a half-joking callback to Claire’s sixth birthday.
When Dean looked at him then, he saw Dean’s eyes instead of his soul. And freckles, dusted across his face, reminiscent of the stars above. Full lips.
Claire shrugs. “Whatever we like. When we know you better, you can choose a game yourself,” she adds in a generous tone.
They both sport boners! From what was supposed to be a mistletoe kiss! That needy for each other, huh?! Man, this is ridiculous – and hot. Dean doesn’t want it to end
The lamps explode when finally, Cas shoves a thick leg between his, and then Cas’ hands are on Dean’s ass and squeeze it, pull him closer by it, against Cas’ own – oh, God, his
Castiel did not want to leave him alone just yet, both out of fascination and a sense of duty towards God and the command he had given him. Luckily, Dean found the nearby gas station without problems. He had his guard up, called for help. Hissed at the pain of the handprint burned inside of him.
“I warned her not to spy on my true form,” he explained sheepishly. “It can be… overwhelming to humans, and so can my real voice. But you already knew that,” he added apologetically.
at how wrong he is. “Well, um… saying something like that doesn’t make you – it’s – y-you’re no fool,” he stammers, struggling to keep it together.
There is another long pause, but at least Cas is giving him a little smile now. “The cucumber train was tasty though,” he says. “And the burgers you make are always delicious.”
“Huh, you know me,” Dean says, looking away. Cas sits down silently beside him and listens to everything Dean proceeds to tell Jack with a tender expression. Not that Dean stole any glances.
Cas must have noticed that he finally understood, because his eyebrows rise and his lips thin, and he smiles sheepishly, and Dean wants to storm forward and hug him. But he’s frozen to the spot.
Charlie Bradbury is the one who crafted the bee brooch for Dean after Cas has told him that he wished to spend a spring day on Earth to watch the bees. Dean brings him up to date about her shop and her lover Stevie. He doesn’t tell him that Charlie has made him pay for the brooch in pies, because that would probably lessen the
Just when Claire yawns because of all the adult talk, Jack’s dad chuckles at something her dad said, and they touch hands. Claire’s dad is very nice.
“Right,” Dean said, cracks in his soul closing slowly to build the ultimate defense against its vulnerable core. “And why would
Cas looks down and slightly purses his lips. “You do too,” he says, timidly, and Dean rejoices in the tiny smile on Cas’ face that won’t quite go away for as long as they walk the empty streets.
Cas blinks at the brushing of their fingers. “You’re cold,” he says with concern, and Dean lets him warm both his hands with angelic magic. The soft light between their joint hands tints Cas’ face beautifully, he finds. Seeing his wrinkles, both from age and from smiling, makes Dean soften.
, but due to Castiel’s lack of knowledge, he could not be entirely sure of that. It shone despite the cracks around the verges.
They high-five each other. That only left the plan’s third step – an invitation to eat out. When Claire’s daddy would come to pick her up today, Jack would invite him to come eat at his place, so that their dads could eat spaghetti with candlelight and meatballs, like in Lady and the Tramp.
come up with,” Cas growls and chuckles as if he’s just messing with Dean after all, the cheeky bastard. “I goddamn hope you bought one of those atrociously ugly rags for yourself, too,” Dean snickers to cover up his blush.
So much for sobering up. Dean softens with nostalgia and joy and gratefulness. And love. A real Christmas tree, here, in their home – like normal people. It’s almost too good to be true. He’s almost forgotten he had wished for one in the first place.
“Yeah, we should not keep them waiting,” Cas says and then opens his mouth as if to add something. Dean waits and holds his gaze.
“No,” Dean says decidedly, only half-joking, “it’s for snacking.” He shoves a far too big chunk of dough into his mouth, just for demonstration, and grins at Cas, whose features harden after a moment or two.
The matchmaking mission should be a piece of cake, Claire thinks. Her daddy is always looking for a partner anyway. Easy. “This is going to be very cool,” she promises Jack. Kaia and Patience have to play without them today.
“The bath?” Dean asks knowingly, wiggling his eyebrows. Sam pretends he doesn’t know anything about it. And then Dean has a very wet dream that night, involving Cas, a mirror and, woefully, the Ariana Grande version of Santa Baby. And the Charlie Brown Christmas choir. Not Dean’s proudest moment.
It must have been a side effect of his human vessel to continue yearning to be with Dean after Castiel had left. Humans liked company and loved differently than angels. Surely that was also part of the reason why he enjoyed being in Dean’s presence so much.
He adores Christmas pop songs, which should come as no surprise to Dean, really, considering they bought a CD player for the pimpmobile just so Cas could listen to Destiny’s Child while driving. But Dean still kind of thought Cas would be the kind of person to put boy choirs singing hymns on repeat. Something on the more religious side of Christmas. But, no. He listens to Mariah Carey, and Toni Braxton, and Wham. On repeat.
“Gotcha,” Claire says. She places the paper at the frontdoor of her house, where her daddy can easily find it. She wanted to put it on his bed at first, but Jack reminded her that the secret admirer would probably send it with the mail, because otherwise he would have to break into the house, and that would probably be ‘a bit much’.
it all, without any second thoughts. His head rolls forward, groans filling the hall, and then, when Cas starts thumbing his nipples with rhythmic pressure, he’s completely letting loose, mouth falling open, chest out and hips rolling forward, desperately wishing there was a leg between his. Cas continues his sweet ministrations, pumping more and more love into Dean with increasingly rough rubs.
Going to Earth was harder than Castiel had remembered. He had drilled discipline into himself before descending. Repeated his lines to not fluff them when he used a human vessel for communication.
Self-pity was unproductive, seeing how Castiel still had a task to fulfill. However, he hid away deeply into Heaven before starting another try to recruit him. This time with a proper vessel, not the cosmic vision that could not see Dean Winchester bleeding.
“Merry Christmas,” he sighs. Watches Cas take the box with careful hands, open it with a quiet gasp. “A book,” he says.
“Yes,” Cas says with a nod, putting his cheesy novelette down, and stands up from the bed. He meticulously straightens the creases before they leave for the Dean Cave. “I, um… thought about getting pie,” Cas says on the way. “When I’m walking Miracle tonight.”
Not daring to look up, Dean continues speaking even when Cas slowly lets the book sink. “Larkspur, here. This one’s from the mountains. I went there this summer, Colorado, y’know? Very pretty meadows. We should go and visit my uncle there.”
Cas’ gentle features tell him it’s all been in good fun though. He looks like a grandpa with his soft face and the slouchy shoulders when he changes the topic: “Do you need any help?”
Castiel stopped when Dean’s friend rushed into the room to interrupt. He restrained his annoyance and looked closer, only to freeze yet again. Dean was in pain. Castiel could see shards of glass and mirrors in the room, and blood. Why had he not noticed that? Was he that distracted?
what made them sparkle. Warmer than a human body, warmer than the sun could shine, and stronger than anything Dean had ever felt. However uplifting and glorious it felt, it was different.
Castiel’s necktie is always messy, and his face never cleanly shaved. No hat. Dean knows little about fashion, but that coat, too, looks like it belongs into the past century. Not that Dean cares – on the contrary, he loves how timeless Cas felt. It had nothing to do with the gray hair.
When they go outside for a case in Hastings shortly after, Dean notices the mistletoes in both the interdoor and the front door. He rolls his eyes. The far more important observation, however, is that – “It’s snowing! Oh, man, would you look at that!”
“I’m sorry it didn’t work out,” Jack sighs. “Maybe I should throw a birthday party for my dad instead.”
It’s obnoxious, but Dean couldn’t care less, because it’s too much fun to watch Cas move his hands to the music when he thinks nobody’s looking.
Dean tilts his head and parts his lips to welcome Cas. Nudges him with his nose, not playfully but utterly desperately. Oh, he is so close, so close…
Later, when Cas helps him clean the mess they made, he sings to himself. “Pa rum pum pum pum…” – over and over again. Dean briefly considers calling him Whitney as a joke but ultimately doesn’t, because he fears the self-awareness would make Cas stop. So he just watches him dreamily from the safe distance of the kitchen table between them.
But Dean lets it all happen. He responds tenderly to Cas’ boldness, lets his tongue lick every corner of his mouth with that slight cosmic prickle. He finds that Cas tastes of the cookies they baked, which is earth-shattering, considering he can’t taste and doesn’t know hunger.
“I do not understand why you always seem to actively revert to eating things that aren’t good for you, Dean. You’ll get sick,” he says in a mildly scolding tone, but it’s accompanied by that tiny blink of his eyes. The one that makes Dean want to shower him with sparkling cartoon hearts.
Scarcely when Dean has spoken, Cas lets the book sink. Carefully places it on the counter when he realizes he might drop it in shock. His blue eyes shine, still disbelieving.
After what feels like an eternity, that ugly pimpmobile of a car pulls into the school’s parking lot, and Dean straightens up, adjusting his shirt and trying to look inconspicuous. “Hey, um. H-hi,” he stutters.
like he has already done so often. This time he adds a heart though. ❤️ So that Cas knows what’s up.
If only I could tell him now, Dean thinks and cups his cheek with a gentle hand. Cas leans, no, melts into the touch, brows furrowed in sorrow. But Dean does not manage to gather his courage. “C’mon,” he says instead, sobering down. “There’s something I want to show you.”
They sink to their knees, onto the cold floor beneath the small candy Christmas tree. Hands wandering, helplessly in love, and their lips find each other with such ease it makes Dean wonder – is this my Christmas miracle? It was such a marvel they had found each other in the first place, and now they would be able to
“Castiel?” Dean asked, his green eyes wide. Castiel froze. Oh, he could already hear Balthazar slandering. There was something powerful about Dean Winchester saying his name. Castiel liked it.
As expected, Dean replied, “Get the hell outta here. There’s no such thing.” He was even more defensive now, and Castiel had a terrible impulse to show him more tangible evidence.
Instead, he holds onto Marvelous Marvin tight. He just wanted his dad to be happy. “Will you ever have a new friend?” he asks quietly. “Not a
– and his teeth find Dean’s neck, and then a silky tongue soothes the flesh before his teeth come down again.
, probably because he might be the only person on the entire planet to completely go along with it without ever mocking Dean – for being touch-starved, for talking too much, for falling silent all of a sudden.
They haven’t realized how dark it got in the meantime. Just when Claire wants to offer Jack to stay overnight (because what if the
Not only was Dean unable to understand the angelic voices, no – Castiel had hurt him so deeply that he was now readying himself for another attack.
Last week they went on a romantic hunt à deux. Vampire nest. When they had returned, Eileen had accompanied a blood-covered Sam to the bath with such a wide grin that Dean couldn’t even be mad.
is your problem, Dean. You have no faith,” he thus stated. With a flash of lightning, thundering, glowing, he spread his wings, carefully stretching all the way to the roof. They still hurt from the crash.
Dean was terrified but brave despite his fear. He tried attacking Castiel with his trusty knife, and his friend tried to hit him when they realized it had no effect on an angel.
The self-hatred was hard to understand. Maybe, in this short time, Castiel had already learned to love Dean Winchester too much to understand how anyone, including the human himself, could hate him.
, he would surely not be as opposed to Heaven as he is now. Maybe he would even look forward to meeting an angel.
‘Joy’ is too little a word to describe his feelings for Castiel. Ever since he had found Dean on Christmas Eve twelve years ago, they met here every time. And each year, Dean has been falling in love a little bit more with him. With this angel mellowed with age.
Mechanically, Cas leans down and grabs a bag from behind the tree. “Yeah. Doesn’t matter now. Um, here,” he says, thin-lipped. “Part of the surprise. I wanted to gift you those tomorrow, so we could wear them on Christmas Eve. But you’re here now, so take it. It’s yours.”
As they quietly sink into the routine of their task when they resume it, Dean once again realizes how much he has missed Cas’ company, despite basically living with him. He misses it every day. It’s strange and kind of pathetic. But Dean likes it. He likes being sappy, and he likes being sappy
“Mine? Yes, it is,” Dean beams from inside, holding the door impatiently. “C’mon, the cold’ll pour in first if you don’t.”
Dean feels alone. Which sucks, because tomorrow is Christmas Eve. He should feel happy. He’s also sick, because he ate too much cookie dough. Cas makes him a soup, with all the ‘told you so’ commentary that Dean deserves as a side dish.
Beyond awkward, Dean greets the third parent passing him by. He fumbles with his keys, waiting for Cas. He’s late today.
“Here,” Jack says and turns the book around to show Dean a woodcut. Vivid memories of 2007 shiver down his spine.
Cas sighs, looks at the bowl, and clumsily takes a tiny bit and eats it. He looks like it’s the most boring thing he’s ever had (“molecules”), but after swallowing he softens and smiles, all sappy and doe-eyed. Strong reaction to a knob of cookie dough, but –
Arm in arm, they walk through the quiet park. A pair of owls watches them when Cas rests his head on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean leans against him in turn. Time freezes like water. Maybe it’s the blue magic of the night, or Castiel’s enchantment – either way, now seems like forever.
That was the one slip that made Castiel slide into the psychic’s field of vision and, rather violently, her eyes burned right out of her skull.
“I’m so sorry,” Dean whispers. “I, I didn’t notice. I thought…” He strokes his thumb over Cas’ face and the cute blush sitting high on his cheekbones. Did
“Merry Christmas,” Dean says. He only dares to look at the tree top again when Fitzgerald has disappeared around the Northern corner. The angel is gone.
Cas looks up. “All these years – in all those years, you never asked me to stay. You always brought me back to the tree. I never would have…” He presses his lips together before adding, barely above a whisper, “No one never asked me to stay.”
“Thank you,” Jack says. He really isn’t half bad. Claire thought it was unfair that he was bullied on his first day here. He plays everything that Claire and the others want to play with a big grin.
“That’s nice of you, sir,” Fitzgerald says a tad too loudly for someone who is about to steal Christmas tree decoration in the middle of the night. Poor fellow could use it though, with the sixth child underway. Dean knows that.
“Yeah, but you like everything,” Dean says and returns to the table, glancing at the big book Jack is studying. “What’re you reading about?”
“Should we, um…” He clears his throat and looks at Cas knowingly. Flicks his tie with a playful finger. God, it feels so good to allow himself to do this. No shame in it.
Dean steps back and brings up his hand to cup Cas’ face, because he needs to do this ardent gesture to get his love out there
would be something with a very low nutritional value,” Cas sasses from the other side of the table, “like French fries, or a hamburger.”
“I – I know. Jack told me,” Cas says, but his voice sounds broken and his eyes look like fractured crystals when they flutter. The sight immediately makes Dean forget his anger. Instead, concern for Cas floods his mind – He says his name and steps closer. “Hey, you all right?”
Sometimes it feels like meeting another boat on an ocean full of strangers. A boat that’s always a welcome partner. They wave at each other from afar, happily, and dance together. And every time they part, Dean is afraid to look back and wave, but he knows the time has been good.
The guilt from that day did not disappear. Why? Castiel’s mission had been a success, had it not? And yet, in the privacy of his mind, he felt discontent.
“Go somewhere more private? Yes,” Cas says in that wonderfully unnecessary fashion of his. He plants a chaste kiss onto Dean’s jaw and adds, “Your room will be cold. Take the Christmas sweater, it will look good on you, I’m sure. And if you wear it,” he adds with a lascivious rub of his stubble, “I can take it off of you and unwrap you like a Christmas present all over again.”
“I’ve broken with my father, Cas,” Dean says in a sturdy voice. “Okay? He has no say in what I do or don’t anymore. I left. I wanted to do something on my own. Sammy knows all about business laws, so I thought I’d have a crack at it.” He shifts. “To make things with my hands, y’know? Not use them for harm anymore?”
Stormy kid. “Hey,” Dean greets when Cas enters the kitchen, right under the mistletoe. To distract himself, Dean instantly points to the bowl of cookie dough and asks, “Want some?”
The vulnerability Castiel had seen in him wanted to make him sing, and it continued to make him happy when Dean softened in his company, when he was so comfortable that he called him by the shortened name ‘Cas’ and joked around him. Intimately, the cracks in his soul opened to reveal his love, despite his initial distrust.
Castiel nodded. “Okay. If you’re sure you want to. What is it, then? I won’t judge you.” If he were being totally honest, Castiel was confused. Possibly a bit hurt, to top it off. Why would Dean confess something this private to unfamiliar faces before him?
Cas looks up when he hears the only footfalls left in the hallway. Dean is about halfway to Cas when he notices Cas’s eyes widen, and the backpack slip from his fingers. Dean reaches him a moment later. Should he put off confessing the truth to Cas? His boyfriend obviously isn’t in the best of states right now.
Dean doesn’t allow Cas the opportunity to respond. He pulls Cas in once more, his whole body shaking. Gently, Dean presses their lips together. Cas leans immediately into the kiss.
“Hell yeah I did,” Dean said with a small smile. “My mom just goes on about how they’re all ‘totally okay’ with it, and-”
Castiel huffed a sigh, although he couldn’t help but grin in return. “I’m… no, I’m not busy.” He paused, a thought running through his head. What if the hunter weeded him out, and Dean got caught in the crossfire? He couldn’t let that happen to Dean. Castiel quickly amended his statement, “I mean, now wouldn’t be the best time, though.”
Castiel was quiet for a moment. “I was having trouble sleeping. I… I probably shouldn’t have woken you. It’s just that you said-”
Seconds later, a door was pushed open toward the back of the shop; it was encased on both sides by thinner, darker shelves, lined with stones and miscellaneous shiny and slimy tchotchkes. Cas swallowed, taking in the emerging figure.
Oh, shut up, you preachy little rat. My "interest" is YOUR SUFFERING! I've already won! And I will never--
Even then, had he fought back harder, had he made any real effort to defend himself… could he have avoided this outcome? In a small part, it was his own responsibility. Right? After all,
Upon reflection, the closest Cas had come to “eating” had involved him reverse-baptizing his forearm with his morning coffee. Hunger hadn’t been on his subconscious to-do list, that day.
“We should hang out at your house sometime,” Dean mutters whilst they watch an old sci-fi film one day.
“So what was the woman’s name? The first wife’s name, I mean. I didn’t get a clear look at the headstone,” he said softly as they wove around the staircase.
“Cas, you can be comfortable telling me anything. Anything at all. Even it’ll disappoint me. Just don’t worry about it, okay?”
Despite King Chuck’s obvious efforts to understand, Dean’s words didn’t seem to land quite like he’d hoped. So, being the lovable but impatient jackass that he was, Dean went on, “Christ… nice to finally meet you, asshole. Anyway, name’s—”
Shifting slightly in his seat, Castiel took a moment to close his eyes. It was more than clear that his brother didn’t understand what he was experiencing. “Overthinking” didn’t even begin to cover the severity of the situation.
Dean’s scent seemed to sweeten a bit at that, overtaken by a surge of fresh cinnamon. And, so, the omega prince deemed his consolation a success. He pet the alpha’s arm, preening to himself.
Dean threw his travel bag on the nearest bed. “Hey,” he said, still looking around. “You mind if I take a nap? I didn’t exactly sleep last night. Think I’ve been running on adrenaline the whole day.”
“Kiss! Kiss!” Charlie chanted. She looked around the room. “Aw, am I really the only one who wants to see this happen?”
Dean sweats. “Yeah – thanks – I mean – something other than that, perhaps?” He inhales deeply. “A little more, y’know – fancier? Downtown, just the two of us?”
“We could’ve, y’know…” he begins. “Gone together. Logged it together.” Used the long drive for a Beyoncé sing-along in the car.
No, oh, fuck no. Poor angel, is all Dean can think. He totally misunderstood the whole thing. Much to Dean’s misery.
“Like – a romantic thing,” he continues, hoping that his galloping heartbreak wouldn’t show in his voice. “Sexual, sometimes, but, yeah… That kinda thing.”
hear that people kiss under mistletoes and overload the whole bunker with them if it meant that he could have a kiss without having to ask for one, so that stupid fucking Dean Repressed Winchester would finally notice. Dean Winchester, who just lectured him about how
Asking such a thing of him… would probably not be as a dramatic as Dean fears, but a fear it remains.
“You can’t know, sorry, man,” Dean sighs. “The mistletoe, that’s a… a sacred tradition. For Christmas kisses, y’know?”
He enjoys the trip to the environmental center in the forest. The friendly guide there even shows them a beehive. Jack decides to draw one at the creative table at the end.
Frowning, Dean takes the bag. Inside, there’s a Christmas sweater so ugly he wants to throw up. Green, with terrible red Christmas patterns across the chest and deeper green around the neckline.
“Yeah, you ate the whole piece,” Dean remembers. He treasured that bittersweet memory deep inside his heart.
Breathing in deeply – the air smells of winter green and magic now – Dean steps closer, and the scrunching snow makes Cas turn around. His angular face lights up. “Hello, Dean.”
Oh yes, this is a photo worthy as a background image. Dean stares at it with a grin – Cas next to the kitchen table, body weirdly bent so that both he and the cookies are definitely in, with flour still stuck to the tip of his nose.
Again, Castiel caught himself wondering if Dean had understood what he had said. After all, he still thought of Castiel as a demon, or something other. Just no angel. He was scared, and the fear made his walls come up again. Castiel would have never admitted it out loud, but it frustrated him. He wanted to see this love’s light, shining in God’s path through his soul.
Cas won’t either, apparently, because he texts him a heart at the end of every message when they try to figure out a place to eat:
They talk and smile a lot when Jack and Claire arrive, and then they talk some more with Jack and Claire on their arms.
Well – it wasn’t what he had practiced in Enochian. But it answered Dean’s probing question of who had saved him from Hell.
With his head leaning against Cas’ head, Dean thinks this is the best Christmas Eve he could have ever imagined. But his mind wanders further. He wants to sit beneath this willow with Cas in spring, when, yes, they could watch the bees, and in summer, when it would give shade and only allow the prettiest sunrays to shine through its leaves. Sunrays that would dance so gracefully on Cas’ face – he would squint his eyes and then close them, and Dean would place a kiss on each before taking his hand to hold it close.
was stupid,” Dean says with a helpless smile. Gosh, he’s so in love. “I thought… you’d reject me. I was afraid. After all, why would someone as sublime and faultless want to stay with a sad dog like me? But last year, when you…” He laughs at the memory. “Do you remember what you said to me, last year, before we said goodbye?”
“I’m not.” Cas smiles at him with a shake of his head, fingers brushing gently against Dean’s wrist before letting go. He looks so cute – oh, Dean has an idea. He wipes his hands on the apron and whips out his phone from his back pocket. “Lemme take a picture, okay?”
“Don’t even think about it,” he says, with the eyes of someone who knows full well they could snap this arm in half if they wanted to. But Dean uses his free hand to bop his nose anyway, which does the trick, because he has flour stuck up right to his elbows. It stays on Cas’ nose. “No escape,” Dean murmurs dramatically.
Something in Cas changes when his forehead rests against Dean’s shoulder. A shaky breath and he shivers. The trenchcoat almost slips free from his shoulders, and for a moment, the unplugged lights on the tree flicker to life, shining through the dark. “I love you, Dean,” he sobs, quietly.
When he’s back in the library, just in his underwear, corpus delicti in his hands, Dean is ready to snarl, ‘This is excessive and sick’ into his brother’s ear – but he only finds Cas. Decorating a new row of Christmas lights – not on a bookshelf this time, but a green tree. A conifer. On his toes.
Claire observes him closely. She also watches him go outside when his dad picks him up. His hair is all dark, not at all like Jack’s.
“Ahh, true, true. The kids are lovin’ the cinnamon raisin bread, by the way. I’m sure I’ll have to visit you again before New Year.”
“Yes, I am!” Dean grins back, clenching his fist in triumph ‘cause, wow – he won the fucking jackpot with this man. “Then, y’know, let’s figure out the details, and I’ll let Sam know so he can come over to babysit, so, y’know, you bring Jack and…”
“I am an angel of the Lord,” Castiel said carefully. He did not like seeing Dean like this. All this time, he had wanted to meet him. Wanted to get to know him better. How he had even wanted to show him Heaven…!
However, when Dean grows too uncomfortable with his half-hard cock pressing against Cas’ leg, they part, chuckling awkwardly, but even that is the intimate kind of awkward. Dean’s naked skin sweats despite the December temperatures. Wow, wow, wow.
“Right,” Dean says, knowingly. Miracle walks over to him for some tender loving care. “Aw, boy, c’mere. Jack, you seen Cas?”
It was then when he noticed Dean. He was the connection to Castiel, and as courageous as ever, soul shining like a star. It made Castiel falter. He tensed up.
“That was my mistake. Certain people, special people, can perceive my true visage. I thought you would be one of them.” He swallowed, feeling his heart sink. “I was wrong.”
He tucks his coat tighter around him. It’s the coldest night of the year, and his breath crystalizes in clouds so large he feels like a steam train. The snow scrunching beneath his feet does not help either, but it’s okay, he realizes. No one is around.
. Not in front of the fucking Christmas tree, where they would soon exchange gifts with the family. No way. Cool down.
Yes. By now Castiel was awfully aware of the fact Dean could not understand him. His voice had just come out as one loud and inhumanly horrible scream. Since the Garden, no angel had screamed at a human for so long.
“Yeah, no, you don’t want that. We were there, Sammy and me, with those Pagan motherfuckers. Trust me, it’s awful.” Dean takes a careful step back. “You, uh… know about Elf on the Shelf yet?”
It clicked. All that loathing was not directed towards Heaven, or Castiel. It was self-hatred. It was fear of
What the hell – they’ve both wanted this – Dean swallows again, harder. He’s an idiot. A real, honest to God, class A idiot.
Jack dreads the partner search for the children’s ‘crocodile’. He does not know who to ask, because everybody is already holding another child’s hand, but then Claire’s blond head pops out of the crowd next to him. She wears her beautiful black jacket again. Jack finds it fitting for someone who’s almost six. She’s one of the kids who will go to primary school soon.
Jack shakes his head and laughs when she takes his hand to take their place in the ‘crocodile’ (it was just a row of two children holding hands – Jack did not know why it was called a crocodile – maybe because the dangerous children were up front – it was really more like a snake).
His dad laughs and tucks him in. “Yes,” he says. “Look, Marvin is tired already, too.” He yawns as though it’s Marvin’s voice. “Tomorrow will be a great day, so get your sleep.”
It earns him a dab on his head, and another sweet kiss. In fact, there has never been a sweeter Christmas Day for Dean for as long as he can remember. The miserable past feels like a mighty stranger now, cowering before the brightest future.
Cas smiles, all soft. “I’m very glad to hear that.” There is another pause, filled only with soft looks from sky-blue eyes.
“Whoop!” Jack almost bumps into Cas when he leaves the kitchen. “Hello,” Dean hears Cas’ gruff voice say. “Hi,” Jack says back, shuffling through the corridor.
Dean shifts as he remembers those days, and Christmas in the cold motel room with Sam. It wasn’t horrible by any means (better than what they had with their dad anyway). It’s been nice, but he much prefers now, with a costumed Jack sitting across from him, more cozy Christmas lights every day, and Cas to watch movies with under fluffy blankets. Without the fear of only having a year left to live.
They hadn’t talked about it for ages. The surprise is perfect for Dean, but somehow he can’t show his joy.
“Um – we should go,” Dean says. He rolls back his shoulders and lets Cas go first, just so that he can watch him smile over his shoulder at him – that crooked, raw smirk, so intense and yet so soft that it makes Dean’s heart flutter. Even eyerolls at Dean’s stupid jokes looked soft on that face. And that
His head was so filled with thoughts that he crashed into the barn’s roof while trying to land. Oh well, navigating human vessels had never been his strength.
But, no matter how much they talk, Claire and Jack never tell them about their secret plan. Claire knows her daddy, and he looks very happy right now, so why tell him? He makes lots of funny faces when he talks to Jack’s daddy. Claire cuddles closer to him on his lap.
It’s then when the sunlight falls through the window, the first light of Christmas – and Dean feels shadows wrap around him, giant, feathery, with splashes of color like stained-glass windows. He gasps as an overwhelming feeling of safety sinks into his heart – Castiel’s wings, sphering him.
It isn’t until later, during play hour, that she catches Belphegor and Ruby bully Jack. “I’ll go get Miss Bradbury,” Kaia announces loudly and runs off, but Ruby still tears at Jack’s hair.
Dean’s walls had come down when he read a book in the motel’s room. He was so relaxed that he fell asleep. His soul glistened beautifully.
Guilt ate its way directly into Castiel’s heart. And even more embarrassment, like boiling shame rising to his vessel’s cheeks. He felt his human body cringe and tried looking anywhere but Dean’s green eyes. He felt small. This somehow felt worse than any comment from his siblings.
– and uses the moment of surprise to shove his tongue so far down Dean’s throat, salvia dripping, breaths short and hot, that Dean moans helplessly into the quiet library once again, hips rolling.
“I have my work, Jack. I’m happy, really,” his dad says with a smile. But that is not his happy smile, Jack knows that. “You were happier when you seen Claire’s dad,” he says with a sniff.
. And that damned bag needs to go literally anywhere else, so Dean tosses it onto one of the tables. Now he stands in front of Cas, his best friend, with nothing but that stupid, kitschy, enchanting mistletoe in his hands,
Cas’ lips cut him off, and his throaty chuckle vibrates deliciously in Dean’s mouth when they start moving against each other. Slow at first, but then the craving takes over, and it’s getting fast. Cas’ lips are dry and rough, as is his stubble. He’s hungry. And he’s strong, holding them in place just like this. Slides his tongue inside Dean’s mouth expertly. A bit unsure maybe, but goddamn, it’s sexy.
“Stay,” Dean says again, turning the box in his hands. “Run this shop with me, or don’t, if you don’t wanna. Just don’t go away. Let us watch the bees together, and fly a kite in fall. I’ll buy you a pair of skates an’ we’ll go ice skating in winter – today, if you want to.” He sighs. “We’ll take the Kodak with us and have someone take our picture, and I’ll put it upstairs, and there we can see it every day.”
Its more than enough though. Just as timid, Cas bites his lip and then takes a step forward. He eyes Dean’s bare chest and exhales shakily before laying his warm, rough hands onto it. Lets them wander, to Dean’s neck, his cheeks. Strokes them tenderly like he’s touching them for the first time. When he leans in, their noses brush tentatively, gently, and Dean swallows down any doubt that might have been left.
He lifts his head and rubs his arms as he takes in the view of the large Christmas tree. Red bows and wooden pendants shine in the lights of the candles, and he softens in the golden glow. There, on top of the ten feet tree, is the angel. A figurine with a white gown and golden wings, watching over the town. Tonight would be special, oh, he could hardly wait –
Tenderly, he intertwines their fingers. Cas looks up in surprise, plump lips parted. “I missed you,” Dean says again, from the bottom of his heart. Feels Cas’ own warmth instead of Heavenly light.
“All of these, self-made,” Dean says shakily as he places his stuff on the coat rack. “I make a mean apple pie, you know that. I know that you… that you can’t taste it,” he adds with a tad of remorse lacing his voice. He didn’t mean to say it like that. But now he feels stupid about showing Cas all of this. An angel could never relate.
It’s all very blissful and more than Dean could have ever hoped for. A joyful dance. However, when they part later on, he could swear he saw Cas looking at the doorway’s mistletoe just a second too long. Not that Dean
“What’s the matter?” Castiel wondered and tilted his head, trying to understand the concentrated intensity inside of him.
“Yeah, let’s not waste any time.” Dean’s face splits into the widest grin, and he adds, “You look good, Cas.”
Well, he would overcome that. Castiel continued to watch him collect what he needed. There was… a magazine he took, one with lots of naked women inside. Castiel was fascinated to find that Dean softened when he picked it up. Rays of joy shone out of his soul, over the guarding he had put around it. He felt at ease.
The next morning, when Dean brushes his teeth, he only notices the mistletoe above the bath door through the mirror. It looks exactly like the ones in the kitchen and the library. Very neatly put-together, with a kitschy bow around it and a strip of tape holding it in place. It glitters in pink and golden colors.
Dean swallows. “They’re a ‘couple’ thing,” he explains in increasing unease, holding up the mistletoe he unceremoniously ripped from his Cave’s door. He feels disgusted by himself. This was a gesture of Cas’ friendship after all, and he…
Dean cannot stop himself from smiling when they stride toward each other. “Hello, my friend. Welcome back,” he says as Cas pulls him into a stormy hug, with both arms wrapped around him tight and warm, to really feel him this time, and not just in a dream.
Afterwards, everyone played soccer. Jack was not that good at it yet, but his mood lightens up when Claire’s daddy brings the nougat muffins and marshmallows. There are also vegetables, but no one except Kevin eats those.
quite like Cas. He does not know what’s acceptable and what is not. Perhaps he has an inkling by now, but if that is the case, he does not seem to care about it that much. His familiar touch makes Dean’s heart flutter inside his chest like a butterfly.
“Thanks, I feel naked now,” he says with a swallow. And probably a blush, considering the heat creeping into his cheeks.
Claire thinks about that. “Not sure. I gotta get to know him better first,” she says slowly. Her daddy swallows and looks at the road again. “All right, Corleone,” he says in a serious voice. “Just don’t hit other kids anymore, you understand me?”
In the evening, everybody gets picked up by their parents, and Claire says goodbye to Kevin first, then Patience, then Alex and Kaia. Jack stays the longest and caresses Miracle a lot. He envies Claire for the dog.
There is only one problem. Claire feels her heart sink when she realizes it isn’t her daddy picking her up after school today – it is Uncle Sam.
“Cas,” he says, making the angel straighten up. Brows furrowed – oh, Dean wanted to reach out and smooth that wrinkle from his face. And yet he cannot help but find Castiel beautiful. The sparkling of the bee brooch gives him courage.
Dean inhales sharply at that. “Sorry to hear that, man. I just wanted to say, um – let’s not drop that thing like a hot potato just ‘cause of a change of school. If the kids still wanna hang out together…”
They always visit the infirmary first. Cas wants to use his healing powers for good every Christmas. Dean always introduces him as a doctor from the East Coast. He’s not even sure if the nurses still buy into it after all these years, but what is important is that the sick were healed.
“You know, kissing when two people stand below a mistletoe,” Jack clarifies helpfully and cradles his mug with both hands. “I like it. It’s… so random. I mean, Christmas isn’t necessarily a romantic holiday, is it?”
“Hm, not quite,” Cas hums and presses a kiss to his nose. It makes Dean laugh timidly, his breath calming down at the sight of the disheveled angel in his arms. His hair messy, his lips swollen red – just perfect.
But it’s not as easy to slip into silence with them that actually felt intimate instead of uncomfortable. Even if this thing that he and Cas have would ultimately lead nowhere – which, to be clear, was the more than likely scenario, for all those longings – Dean valued the quiet moments.
