Sherlock and Lestrade managed to lead John into a small guestroom next to the crime scene and placed him on the madras.
“I know you believe that, but it isn’t true. If you do this you’ll leave behind a lot of people who’ll miss you.”
“I already did Mr. Watson.” Charlie spoke up from behind them all. The boy had kept his distance to not get in the way. “I nicked Miss. Donovan’s phone earlier to make the call when I thought she was just going to hold me up to call for help. Sorry.” He said and offered Sally her phone back. “But it’s on its’ way, I promise.” Just as Charlie finished his sentence, sirens could be heard in the distance. “Good lad Charlie.” John praised before turning back to Sherlock, keeping track of his vitals until the paramedics would arrive.
While out for drinks with John, Lestrade, Sally and the rest of the yard a man spikes Sherlock's drink at the bar and drags him with him. Very. Bad. Mistake...
Mrs. Hudson couldn’t keep back a light chuckle.
Sherlock sat bend over the over the microscope in Molly’s lab in the pathology department at St Barts hospital. The experiment he was conducting was rather simple and more out of curiosity than need. He could have performed it just as well at home in Baker street, but John had invited Greg and some colleagues from the Yard and the hospital over to watch some mind-numbing football game there. It was supposedly a big and important match, but Sherlock had not fancied sitting around listening to hooligan shouting all night. John had offered to relocate them all to the nearest sports bar, but Sherlock didn’t want to deny his lover his ‘guy night’ and had reassured John he could easily spend a few hours at St Barts. John had rewarded him with a wide smile and a quick kiss before popping out for snacks and beers for the evening.
The detective groaned loudly for what felt like the thousand time in the past week.
“And you bloody well should have done so from the start!! I’m starting from scratch here and every hour wasted will be and extra hour Lestrade will suffer because of your incompetence!” Sherlock knew he had taken it too far when John’s captain voice cut through the air with a sharp; “Sherlock! That’s enough. Look at her for God’s sake, she’s acted in the best way she thought possible. We all want to find Greg as soon as possible and it’ll be a hell of a lot easier if we work together.” The doctor rationalised, his voice much calmer and collected.
He could tell John easily detected his worry in his eyes and voice in the way he looked at him before answering; “Hard to tell from a grainy video picture alone, but he has most likely suffered a concussion judging from the injuries on his head and face. His torso was badly bruised to begin with and the continuation of trauma done, that we saw it is almost certain he has sustained several broken and bend ribs. A few second degree burns that do not present an immediate threat besides being painful. Though his breath is stained, as far as I can tell by audio alone, he hasn’t suffered a punctured lung. At the moment the most dangerous threat isn’t his injuries, but the question whether he’s keep hydrated or not, but there’s no way to tell on here.” John reported with a clinically efficiency, though his expression betrayed his calm voicing.
Sherlock pulled it away from his reach angrily. “Fine, it’s
“I’m Christian.” The man introduced and held out his hand in greeting.
“No.” He said curtly and turned his eyes away again and rested his elbows back on the bar with a bored expression as he settled to wait for service.
They stood there for long minutes, just basking in relief and gratitude that they still had each other. Finally John pulled away slightly and pulled Sherlock with him all the way inside of the room. He’d already paid for the night so they might as well make the best of it. Besides neither of them really felt like making their way back to Baker St. this late at night. It would be impossible to even get a cap anyway and the need for sleep was quickly becoming more essential. John did however make a mental note to call Lestrade in the morning and thank him.. For everything he ever did.. Unknown to John, Sherlock did exactly the same.
John turned on the small lamp at the coffee table allowing the soft glow of light to spread throughout the apartment. As he shrugged off his jacket he immediately noticed how cold it was and quickly made his way to the fireplace and got a fire going, hoping it would warm up the place fast.
"And I love you.. Sherlock.. I love you with my whole heart."
Since John had taken a dive into a freezing harbour two days ago and saved Mycroft in the process, his injured shoulder had acted up and caused him a lot of discomfort. This had not come as a surprise for either John or Sherlock. John’s old wound had always had a tendency to flare up when exposed to the cold. John said it had something to do with the fact that in cold weather oxygen is more tightly bound to the blood cells and therefor do not release as easily, resulting in stiffening of the muscles. Since John’s injury had caused severe nerve-and muscles damage due to the harsh condition in which he’d received it, it made his shoulder much more sensitive to the effects of the cold. But even though John was hurting, he refused to let it hold him back and took the whole thing in stride as he always did. Sherlock couldn’t help but admire his boyfriend. In the last two days John had kept on smiling and stayed positive, never once uttering a single complaint. Most people would probably not even notice anything being off with him. Only Sherlock could read the hidden pained expressions, the subtle added wrinkles of discomfort ever presence on his lover’s forehead, the way John would slightly favour his right side to avoid using his left. Whenever this happened Sherlock would help his love out silently; he’d make tea in the morning so John wouldn’t have to stretch to reach the teabags on the top shelf, make sure the fireplace would almost be constantly lit to shield John’s shoulder from further cold. In the evenings he would take a seat next to John on the couch and without a word gently try to ease some of the tightly knotted tension in the doctor’s neck and shoulders, that would develop as a painful side-effect, with a soft massage. They rarely actually spoke about it, but both men knew exactly what was going on and John always rewarded Sherlock with a wide, sincere smile whenever the detective would perform each of these little acts. It was John’s way of silently saying
Sherlock had located a kitchen, brewed a fresh pot of coffee and was making his way back towards the lab as he received a text in answer from John;
“Sherlock..” John sighed gently. His eyes softened. “Sherlock you don’t have to..” But Sherlock cut him off with by placing a soft finger on his thin lips.
to do this for me okay?” John finished, his eyes gentle yet a bit demanding.
Dexter weaved off the detective’s concerns. “No, no.. Just a bit chilled is all. I’m not here for me.”
“No..” Sherlock said, his voice portraying much more calmness than he was feeling.
Sherlock went back to re-examining the room and John moved aside as Anderson and his crew moved over to bag the body and transfer it to the coroners for further examination.
“You've got no idea!” John exhaled exhausted into the detective’s neck – relishing in the fact that he had finally made it home to his lover’s arms after what had seemed like an endless, bloody crappy day!
John immediately produced a cup of water with a straw and placed it to Sherlock’s mouth to drink from. Sherlock took a few grateful sips before he relaxed back into the soft mattress. The upper portion of his bed was slightly elevated, so he could return his half-lidded gaze to his doctor, still watching him intently, like John didn’t even dare take his eyes off him for a minute.
John looked up worriedly from his paper once again throwing a glance at the kitchen where Sherlock sat bent over his microscope, engaged in yet another of his experiments. He couldn’t help his brow from furrowing with concern as he heard Sherlock groan and rubbing his eyes fiercely for the fifth time in a span of only 15 minutes. Unable to ignore his growing concern, John softly folded his paper and rose from his seat in his chair and approached the kitchen.
“Is that so, you’ve got no idea how happy I am to hear that. A talent as great as his would have been a tragic waste if otherwise.” The conductor said with obvious joy.
Lestrade couldn’t supress a small huff and shook his head as he continued. “Yeah I.. I wasn’t allowed to join the interrogation because they were afraid I might jump on him again. Smart choice actually, I probably would have. Sally have taken over the case fully, she witnessed most of the ordeal so she’s going to make sure that bastard isn’t getting out for a long time.”
“Not a chance Sherlock, it’s mine now, better get used to it.”
Anyway, I hope you enjoy this last chapter and thank you all for your patience and lovely kodus and comments, even though I’ve not been able to reply to all I read every singe one and it just warms my heart that people seem to enjoy this work. Thank you all for your support!!
Sherlock supressed the impulse to wrap his arms around himself, as if to physically shield himself from the man’s greedy eyes. He was just about to tell the tosser off for calling him ‘love’, only John was allowed to call him that. The bartender however chose this moment to show up asking for Sherlock’s order. Eager to get away from the sleezy man he turned to give his order of drinks.
“Right thanks.” John said and went outside shortly to answer the call.
“You said there was no need for me in this world.. That I was an invalid useless veteran.. That you are the only reason that I still have a purpose in this life! You know why I’m so angry?! Because you’re bloody right, like you always bloody are!! Without you I’m useless.. Whatever I am in this world I am because it’s how you made me.. Without you I wouldn’t even be here… So there you have it.. You’re right and I’ve been a fool to ever think you might have needed me in any way, so I think it’s best if I’m no longer around to drag you down.. Goodbye Sherlock..”
Sherlock barely contained his eyeroll. “Since you’re new I’ll allow a certain lack of common sense.” The detective then pointed to a hole in the wooded fence that separate this alley from another. “The son attends high school and takes a shortcut through here on his way home. On Thursdays, his last class is at 16, which means he’ll pass through here in approximately 20 minutes. Plenty of time to plan out his arrest.” He finished with a smirk, enjoying to show off a bit in front of the new officers.
“Drugged?! But no I’m.. I’m clean! I swear John I’ve been clean!!” Sherlock exclaimed loudly and sat further up in the bed. Bad idea, because he immediately fell into another, harsher coughing fit that wrecked his whole frame and provoked his headache even more.
“And as I unpacked my gear back in basecamp I see this absolutely horrendously large caramel spider crawl out of my pack and I shriek so loudly in surprise that ever since that day all my comrades called me The Soprano.”  A loud eruption of laughter took over the tables as John told another of his many stories from his tours in Afghanistan.
Sherlock claps his hands once, relieved to have his offer accepted. “Brilliant, now you go find the biopsy samples that needs to be analysed and I’ll go find us a fresh pot of coffee so we can get started.”
John mentally sighed.
Mycroft whispered a quick affirmation, that he understood the plan.
A firm grip on his shoulder pulled Sherlock back out of his head. He looked towards the action and locked eyes with John. The doctor’s expression was stained, but showed a mix of compassion, sadness and understanding. “He only wanted to protect you Sherlock, don’t feel guilty about that.” John said and squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder a little tighter in reassurance.
But as the door slowly swung open John wasn't met by the tall silver haired man as he’d expected. Instead he was faced with the sight of mesmerizing eyes, sharp cheekbones and curly auburn hair. Traits he would recognize immediately anywhere.
Suddenly there was a flash that momentarily blinded him, when he looked back towards John he saw to his horror that the doctor was holding up his camera phone, grinning like an idiot.
John let out a pleased hum as he reached his own arms around the detective.
It didn’t take long for the medicine to take effect and to everybody’s relief Daniel’s breathing started to even out and the swelling around his throat to go down.
“Are you kidding? Sherlock could hardly contain himself after you called.” John joked. “So, locked room murder huh?”
“No Sherlock.. First you tell me why I received a call from John one hour ago, asking me if I could come pick him up at Regent’s park where I found him freezing cold on a bench, clenching his left shoulder and unable to even take another step on his own because his bloody limp is back. Now tell me Sherlock, why the fuck is John’s limp even back? The limp you supposedly cured ages ago?!” Lestrade asked, not bothering to even try hiding his anger. He could still see John’s form before him as if the image itself was as melted on his retinas. When Lestrade had found John he had never seen any man look as broken as then. The doctor’s usually cheerful, expressive eyes had been so dull, emotionless and so completely opposite of John. His leg and shoulder paining him so much that he couldn’t even move without the heavy aid from Lestrade.
“I HAVE been making a fucking effort!! I haven’t been in any fights at school, I’ve obeyed their stupid 10 pm curfew and I even did the dishes last night to try and be nice but they’re STILL throwing me out, I know they are!!” Charlie yelled finally facing them. A few tears had started to escape his eyes and rolled slowly down his freckled cheeks.
Later that night John finally came home after a 9 hour shift feeling tired and used and he immediately flopped down on the sofa of 221B. Shortly after he was joined by this favourite detective, who lifted up his legs to sit down before placing the limbs back down.
Puffy red eyes – indicates he’s been crying for a good while.
“John..” Sherlock said, his voice worried and sad, not even able to formulate what he wanted. John however seemed to be able to read his mind. His shoulder still burned fiercely, but he was relieved just to having escaped all those stares. Sherlock and Greg he could handle.
“Afternoon gentlemen, would either of you happen to know where I can find Sally Donovan?” He asked politely.
“Oh shit I’m so sorry! Is it okay? It was an accident I swear!” The man uttered apologetically and reached over in offer to inspect the phone for damage himself.
“When you arrived Sarah yelled at you for being 20 minutes late and assigned you all the patients of another doctor who had called in sick, doubling your workload.” Sherlock gritted his teeth, he never did like that blasted woman and ever since John had dumped her and especially later when she found out about Sherlock’s and John’s relationship she had been harassing John more or less on a daily basis, using her position to do so.
It was nearing midnight and Sherlock stood at the window looking down at Bakerstreet while absentmindedly playing a slow, slightly melancholy melody on his violin he made up as he went. It was a clear night, the stars for once shining brightly on the usually cloudy London sky. John had gone to bed early suffering from a headache after a patient earlier in the day had struck him an, albite accidental but true right hook, when he’d wussed out of his tetanus shot in the last possible moment and had acted out of reflex. Knowing John to be stubborn enough to refuse taking any pain medication unless it he was more or less in agony, Sherlock had picked up his violin and started playing in the hopes it would lull his lover faster into a calmful sleep. He knew it’d worked by now, but still kept playing, his mind wandering aimlessly around in an almost meditative manner. He’d found he’d started to enjoy these quiet nights in more and more. More than he’d ever thought he would. Of course he’d always love the thrill of a good case and the ecstasy of a truly compelling puzzle, but since John and he had evolved their relationship to include the romantic sense he’d also learned to enjoy the soothing aspects of domesticity. Small things he’d always taken for granted while he’d been alone. Things like coming home to be greeted with a soft smile and a kiss, making tea for John only to hear the appreciative hum his doctor always made when taking the first sip, the lovely feeling when John would absentmindedly start to trace soft patterns on his back when the detective lay sprawled over the couch and resting his head in the other’s lap, while watching crap telly. Or like now, helping his love find rest by playing the violin softly late into the night if needed.
Lestrade took a seat in Sherlock’s leather chair. Sherlock motioned for Mrs. Hudson to come sit by his side on the couch and Molly sat down beside the landlady. John quickly handed out hot cups of tea to all the new arrivals before taking his own seat in his armchair.
Sherlock burst through the doors of the homicide division at Scotland Yard, closely followed by John. The entire staff there were running around franticly and the whole scene was a whirl of barely controlled chaos of people shouting, phones ringing and constant updates announced openly. This was much different from the calm and controlled environment that was normally upheld in the division, but that had always been a contribute possible by Lestrade’s leadership and ability to keep things in check under pressure. And this was the precise reason for the chaotic condition in which the whole department now found itself. Lestrade had been missing for the last 48 hours. A video disk, sent anonymously in a blank envelope, had arrived at the office only one hour ago showing a badly beaten DI tied down, slumped in a chair in a dark room, illuminated by a single lightbulb hanging from a concrete ceiling. That was all the information Sherlock had so far and he was all but fuming as he marched straight through the frenzied workspace, directly towards sergeant Sally Donovan’s small office.
She’d been so young when se married and she’d never wanted to bear children into the world her husband had led them into. But somewhere along the way she’d come to look upon Sherlock as her unbiological son. If there were a fundament on which she could build her life and beliefs on, it was the fact that her dear boy would always watch out for her and love her in his own special ways like he had today and that’s all a mother could wish for.
Two days ago, the body of a Jonas Miller had been discovered at a local dumpsite. The body seemed to have been several months old. No one had reported the man missing so it was a low pressure case, once Sherlock had ruled out it wasn’t the work of a serial killer, but more likely done by a onetime offender. Still the detective had deemed the case worth his time and taken it on.
That was the last drop to make Sherlock’s cup overflow. Until now he’d been completely stunned into silence as even his superior brain simply couldn’t fathom how anyone could talk this way about his John. But this was too much! The detective marched all the way up to the American bastard until they stood face to face. Sherlock was practically shaking with rage and shot daggers with his eyes. “You were
John however sent Sherlock a soft reassuring smile. “It’s okay Sherlock. I might not be up for a wild chase through the streets of London, but I’ll be damned if I’m going to miss this case and you being brilliant. How often do we get the chance to investigate a locked room mystery? I can see how excited you are, so don’t worry about me. I’ll be alright.” He said and offered a quick encouraging squeeze to his lover’s hand for good measure.
John nodded in approval. “Good. When you hear me firing, you run! That should draw his attention away long enough for you to get out.” John said.
“Mrs. Hudson!!!” Sherlock exclaims as he drops to his knees besides the old woman. A small weave of relief washes over him, as the second he gently cradles her head in support his landlady is already coming to, eyes blinking open with confusion as she sees Sherlock’s worried face looking down on her.
Sherlock eyed the hand, having no intention in taking it, then returned his eyes to Christian.
John weaved off the praise. “I’m a doctor, I only did what I’ve been trained to do. Nothing special really.” He said dismissively.
Sally looked at him with big eyes. She turned her head back down and sniffed before looking up again, some of her usual posture returning to her again. “Thank you..” She said simply. Her voice was a little rough from her crying and screaming, but both her voice and eyes were sincere with gratitude.
A medical emergency arises. Luckily John Watson is a very good doctor.
Sherlock looked a little skeptical, but at least he’d calmed down a bit. John’s gentle touch and insistent eye contact helping greatly. “Really?” He asks in a small voice. John smiles a little wider, his eyes going soft as he answers. “Really, I promise. Frodo have been burdened with many things, but he finds out he can face them all as long as he has Sam with him and..” John paused for a short while, his heart hammering just a tad harder as he considered his next words with care; “And I think the bond Frodo and Sam shares are like no other. One might even go as far as to say, that Frodo loves Sam with all his heart, though he might not be the best at showing it.”
“Excuse you?!” Lestrade said in a daring way, clearly giving Ethan a chance to take back his words. Apparently, that didn’t seem to face the American.
Sherlock smiled. He may never admit it, but he loved it when John would bestow so many praises on him and John continued;
Sherlock offered what he hoped to be a small reassuring smile in return. “Don’t mention it.” He turned a tad serious again thereafter. “But if you don’t mind me asking, how did you end up locked in the supply room?”
hurt Sherlock in any way. I’ll love and protect him till the day I die! I need you to know, that as long as I’m breathing I’ll never allow any harm to come to the ones I love or care about.. That includes you. So you
thing about them was how they constantly trashed talked Sherlock in ways his brilliant boyfriend clearly didn't deserve. Though Sherlock rarely showed it, John
“I’m sorry Sherlock.. I.. I  just..”
“So, which one is he in? I’d like to get this over with as fast as possible if you don’t mind. I’ve plans for tonight you know and you’re doing a great job ruining them.” John snapped at the woman.
“Dexter was right in fetching me Charlie. I’m here to help you. What got you so upset?” Sherlock asked calmly.
John stepped in behind him, his voice filled with military authority; “I’m a doctor, let us through now!”
In the span of seconds a range of emotions could be read on the young boy’s face; fear, realisation that he’d been caught, panic before settling on rage. He quickly grasped the first item he could find to use as a weapon, which happened to be a lead pipe that’d been laying on the ground and charged at the nearest of the men, a silver haired man in a worn suit. Not ready to go down without a fight.
Greg eyed him in slight awe. “Really? You’d do that for me?”
Sherlock returned the smile and did a few stretches of his arms as well. His blazer laying on the back of his chair and shirt sleeves rolled up above his elbows, having given up his usually put together look for comfort halfway through the night and his curly hair a ruffled mess from running his fingers through it several times. “It was no problem really. Better use of my time than football with John and his Arsenal fanclub of friends.” He answered.
“I’ll drive you guys to the hospital right away. Donovan, you manage the scene from here.” Lestrade called. Sally confirmed right away.
The man’s face was covered in blood and John’s knuckles were starting to bruise and bleed of their own, but he didn’t register it. He was burning up with anger! At this moment he wasn’t doctor Watson anymore, right now he was captain John Watson, trained killer and soldier, he was the lover of Sherlock Holmes and he wanted this man to suffer, hell.. He wanted him dead!
John placed a soft hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, making the younger man jump slightly since he had been too caught up in his discomfort to even notice his doctor’s approach. This only fuelled John’s worry since this only proved that Sherlock was more affected than he let on.
With the pressure gone however, nothing was keeping Sherlock upright anymore and the detective slumped ungracefully to the ground with a thud.
"I Love you too Sherlock."
“Sherlock what in the world are you saying?”
“On your way home you got caught in a downpour, you couldn't catch a cab and your bus had already left so you were forced to walk home in the cold rain.. And now your shoulder is stiff.” Sherlock stated and dropped his hand from John’s hair to slip under his jumper onto his left shoulder and gently palpated the cramped up muscles there. Then decided to completely remove the jumper and then buttoning down the first three buttons of John’s shirt, then turning his boyfriend slightly so he could work and massage the muscle probably - knowing how much it would pain John later if it was ignored.
“Angry? Why would I be angry? This man obviously means a lot to you and has been a big part of your life. It’s perfectly understandable you’d want to see him again after so many years.” John replied and smiled brightly at Sherlock.
Only two years earlier Sherlock would have made all these deductions, ignored Molly and exited quickly. Not because he didn’t care back then, but because he’d had no idea how to act empathetically or interpret emotions well enough to offer the right responds. Sherlock had been burned many a times growing up for sociable unacceptably behaviour when trying to do as people expected, especially in emotional charged situations. This had resulted in his developing his defensive mechanism to either be dismissive or simply leave in such situations, earning him his labels as a ‘freak’ and ‘psychopath’ in his youth. That was until John came into his life. John had not only accepted his eccentric nature, but was also the first person (not counting his family) to see beyond his facade of indifference and recognize the emotions hidden behind, that he struggled so hard to express. John had patiently guided Sherlock to act better on his own feelings as well as others’. In the end helping him to the point where he finally found the courage to recognize and admit his feelings for John only six months ago. To find John return his feelings still counted as the happiest moment in Sherlock’s life.
“I love you too, John.” The voice showing nothing but honesty and gratitude.
Sherlock had been ecstatic. Jones had given him everything he cherished in a case. He was cunning, clever, effective and shockingly good at what he did. Sherlock had revelled in solving the puzzles and answering the questions no one else could answer and finally, after 3 weeks of little sleep, even less food, hours on the violin and a dozen of experiments they had finally been able to make their final move and bring in ‘The bull’s-eye killer’ as the papers had fittingly named him as he was known for never missing his target. Unfortunately things hadn’t worked out as planned and Jones had managed a hazy escape at the end of it all. But things could have progressed so much worse this night than it did and right now John was just happy they were both home in one piece and surely even Sherlock had to see that that was the most important thing of all.
“Alright mate, I’ll just pop off then. You’ve got my number so don’t hesitate to call if needed, alright?”
“Yes sir..” He should have bought glasses ages ago!
Lestrade lay in his single hospital room, thoroughly enjoying the morphine coursing through his system. After his wounds had been cleaned and dressed, his broken bones set and dried blood cleaned off him Sherlock had once again been allowed to join him in his recovery room. John had arrived too, but left in order to find some coffee. Lestrade wasn’t fooled though, he knew John had left quickly to let Sherlock and him have some privacy.
Sherlock would of course never be so shallow, as to allow simple psychical appearance to change his overall opinion of John. He’d loved the man just as fiercely with his soft belly and the no doubt reduced muscles mass from his army days, but he would be lying to himself if he didn’t say he greatly enjoyed the way John’s biceps bulged with strength whenever the bar was raised or how he could trace the doctor’s abdominal muscles through the green top with his eyes alone.
As Sherlock talked the emotionless mask he had kept up slowly started to crumble. John could feel the shoulders tense beneath his hands and how Sherlock lowered his head, like in defeat, resting against his hand. Once again John’s heart wrenched when he saw the small tears gather in the corner of Sherlock’s eyes and his body started to tremble, trying to suppress the tears threatening to fall.
“It was beautiful.”
Mycroft looked coolly at Greg. “Is that all?”
“Alright. And you are fulfilling each other’s needs sufficiently?”
“No, but once I file the case they’ll know there’s a child missing.”
Greg shook his head and squeezed Mycroft’s hand. “Don’t worry about it, he’s not wrong.”
“I don’t know, what colours do we have?”
“That’s what I was hoping you’d say.” Mycroft dragged Greg back to him, towering over Greg once more. He rested one knee beside Greg’s thigh on the chair, caging him in.
“Would you like to step outside for a bit?” Mycroft suggested when Sherlock made no reply.
He didn’t have to wait long for a response.
“Yes, Gregory,” Mycroft sighed, figuring they could cross that bridge when they got there.
“You too,” she said with a small smile. Greg ushered his children out the door, loading them and their bags into his car. On the drive to his and Mycroft’s flat, Charlie and Alice caught Greg up on all he had missed in the last week. When they got to the flat, Greg unloaded the car while Charlie and Alice raced inside, quite familiar with the layout. Greg had moved into Mycroft’s flat as soon as they had returned to London and, in the few months between then and now, they had had Charlie and Alice over a number of times.
“Forced nudity around others.”
“You’re doing so well,” Mycroft praised him as he took a bigger bite from the sandwich. He knew Greg was starting to get near his breaking point and worked to finish up the meal. “You remember your safeword, right?” Greg nodded, swallowing thickly. He could start to feel tears building up behind his eyes, the pressure pushing on his skull. “Use it if you need to.” Mycroft watched Greg, but he gave no indication of wanting to use his safeword. Giving him the sandwich once more, Mycroft watched tears well up in Greg’s eyes.
“Yes,” Sherlock responded, grabbing his coat and scarf. John stood and made sure Liz got off the sofa before going and grabbing their coats off the hook by the door. He handed Liz’s to Sherlock to help her put it on.
“I beg your pardon?”
“Liz!” John cried as Sherlock practically crashed into her, kneeling down wrapping his arms around her. John bent down and wrapped his arms around both of them, breathing out a quiet “oh my god”.
John looked at him for a moment, already feeling the pull to his bed. “If you insist,” he relented after a moment.
“I don’t know. It’s kind of pricey.”
“That is acceptable,” Mycroft said, smiling. “And I was hoping you’d say that. I may have pre-emptively bought a few things after seeing your list.”
“So it would seem,” Mycroft sighed. “When this is all over, would you be amenable to a date night?”
“It doesn’t matter,” John answered immediately.
“My boys,” their mother Violet crowed, cupping the sides of both their faces. “Come in, come in.” She let the hand cupping Sherlock’s cheek wander to his hair, idly grasping a curl here or there and trying to place them in some semblance of an order.
“I found out where the rest of the woman’s team is,” he said. “My team and I have also discovered over the week that Jackie was indeed a test subject where we found her. She was apparently injected with some sort of super booster when she was first brought into their facility because she was small and sickly.” Mycroft looked down at the sleeping baby now cradled against his chest. “Lucky for us, it doesn’t seem to have had any adverse effects as of yet.”
“I think that’s the most I’ve heard her speak in one day,” Greg said.
“Well it’s a good thing I’ve already solved it, then,” Sherlock groused from behind the steadily reddening tissue.
“There?”
They spent the rest of the night working on the case, Sherlock enthusiastically bouncing ideas off of his conductor of light.
“-but you need to toe the line if you don’t want to be kicked off this case.” Greg continued as if Sherlock hadn’t interrupted him. “Just think, you be good, finish this case, and John will put you down nice and easy.” Sherlock, despite himself, did like the sound of that.
“It’s time for us to go, regardless,” Mycroft informed the group. They walked as a group to the front of the building where the Holmes’ car was waiting.
Liz looked apprehensive but nodded, turning back to the bookshelf.
“Oh look,” Sherlock said. “Your favourite.”
“No tie. We’re on vacation,” Greg said with a quirked lip and a raised brow.
“I will not eat. And you are mean for forcing me to eat.”
Sherlock scoffed.
Mycroft looked at him before another wave of nausea roiled over him. Leaning over, he retched bile a few moments more before his stomach settled again. He looked at Greg and all the fight seemed to go out of him. His face crumpled and his hands went lax, the glass dropping from his hand and spilling water down his pants. He leaned forward as he cried, hands limp on his thighs and head bent almost into the toilet bowl.
“I feel like this… experiment has made me more susceptible to emotion. Others aren’t nearly as affected as I am by things.”
“Actually, I obtained some information about Jackie before I got shot. If you look in the lining of my tac jacket, you’ll find documents detailing a booster that was administered to Jackie.” John picked up the jacket, finding the papers after a little more direction from Mycroft. He opened them up, eyes scanning quickly over the papers.
“We’ll be proud of you no matter which house you end up in,” John reaffirmed, putting his hand on her knee.
Hermione looked at John and Sherlock. “Good to go?”
“I’ll be back in a tic with that tea,” Greg said, smiling at Mycroft to reassure him. Most of his anger had been released in the chewing out he had delivered. They would eventually have to talk more, but Greg was confident it could wait until Mycroft was feeling better.
“Right now, Sherlock, I won’t ask again.”
“Is there anything I can do?” John asked, looking over the scattered parchments.
“Down, please,” she said when they got out. Sherlock set her down on the ground.
John chuckled a bit. “Well, before you go, would you mind taking my number? So that maybe we can text and meet up outside of these gatherings? Only if you want to, of course.”
Thoroughly confused, Greg moved to the light switch and turned it on, illuminating the shape in front of him. What he saw was a female in a paramedic’s jacket with Mycroft’s arm slung over her shoulder, clearly struggling under his weight. Greg swore and holstered his gun, hurrying so he was on Mycroft’s other side and supporting him.
“You’re at Bart’s?” he asked curtly.
“Watcha gonna do about it?” The man put pressure on Sherlock’s shoulder, trying to drag him closer. “Come on, you know you want it.”
“Ooooh, thank you!” she squealed, hopping up to give both Greg and Mycroft hugs.
“Ooh!” she cried suddenly, both hands reaching out for a soft teddy bear on display.
“How about those robes over there?” John carried Liz over to a rack and pulled a set of robes out. They were navy blue with little silver stars sprinkled across them. When the fabric shifted, the stars winked in and out of existence.
“It’s Jackie’s file,” Mycroft told him. “I found her a day ago in a research facility and rescued her. It says in the file that she was an orphan that the company got hold of because she was small and underdeveloped for her age, and they were working on some sort of genetic experiment to help with baby growth. Thankfully she was sick with a cold, which she still hasn’t managed to kick, and they hadn’t done any experiments on her yet.” Mycroft was carefully controlling the anger that was boiling up inside him.
“And you’re a doctor for non-magic people?”
“I do, I do. Come get me if there’s anything at all, alright?” John kissed Sherlock on the top of the head.
Jackie was starting to squirm in his arms again, beginning to get bored of waiting. “I know, pretty girl, it’s dull, but we have to wait for Daddy and his men.”
“It’s still a little small.”
“Home?” Mycroft asked blearily, looking at Greg.
“Greg?”
“Well, shall we talk about today?” John asked when no other answer was forthcoming.
John took a step and the world twisted and reshaped around them, solidifying into 221B. John walked over to the couch, sitting with Liz in his lap.
Mycroft cleared his throat a few times before scooting out of Greg’s reach. “You don’t need to pretend to like me when we are alone,” he told Greg, looking down at Jackie.
When he made his way downstairs a few minutes later he was met with the sight of the dining room table laden with all of his favorites, and his family gathered around the table.
“Thanks, mate,” Greg clapped him on the shoulder.
“John?”
“No, nothing like that,” Mycroft hastened to reassure. “All innocent, I assure you.”
“Because technically I’m not supposed to tell you. I’m not supposed to tell any Muggles. And I thought if you didn’t figure it out, why would you need to know? I would’ve told you before we got married.” John grinned at Sherlock. “Not that that was a proposal.” He sobered up. “Actually, we’ll probably get a visit from the Ministry tonight or tomorrow.” John did not look too pleased to come to that conclusion.  “They’ll probably wipe Greg’s memories.”
Thank you for reading, heed the tags!
“Okay,” John said. He felt a bit like a broken record.
“NSPCC wasn’t available to take her, so we offered to keep her for a couple days,” John answered quickly. Liz’s eyes darted back and forth between them. John looked down and smiled at her. “It’s okay,” he said reassuringly. He finished getting her out of her coat and hung it up just as Mrs. Hudson knocked on the door.
“I’ve heard of it, but I’ve never had the opportunity to experience it. I don’t know that I’m eager to repeat it.”
Meanwhile, John was glaring pointedly at Sherlock in the back of a cab.
Liz was sitting beside Sherlock in the waiting room, listening silently to the secretary who had come to perch on a chair across from them. She was talking, and didn’t seem bothered that neither of the room’s occupants were interested. She smiled at John as he entered.
“Now you’re just showing off,” Sherlock murmured into his mug, shooting a small grin at John.
“I would be okay with you privately choosing clothes for scenes, but not for public wear.”
“Probably don’t put eggs in the fireplace,” Greg said as he watched Mycroft look contemplatively into it.
“If it wouldn’t be too much trouble,” Mycroft answered hesitantly.
She nodded, shoulders hunching up around her ears.
“Of course,” John chuckled, awkwardly shifting them both around so that he could get the blanket out from under them and maneuver it so that it was draped on top of them. “Better?” he asked when he was done.
“Kill the spare,” one woman said, pointing to Greg. “We only need the baby, and some information from Mr. Holmes.”
“Force-feeding.”
Her shoulders hunched and she seemed to shrink in on herself. John sensed her reluctance, but felt now was a good time to try to talk to her.
Sherlock watched John leave, feeling conflicted. He was sure that John would have a nightmare tonight and he wanted to be there for him, but didn’t want to overstep his bounds. He knew John had forgiven him countless times and was afraid that one more infraction would cause him to push Sherlock away. He decided he would give John space and not push his luck. He was fortunate enough to have gotten away with holding John’s hand earlier, which he was sure only happened because John was still processing the events of Sherrinford and hadn’t fully noticed.
Liz shook her head, hands tightening around John and Sherlock’s.
“I think we’ve done our job here,” Sherlock protested. “We’re not needed at New Scotland Yard.”
Mostly just a fluffy mass.
“Not at the moment.”
“There, that’s better,” Mycroft tried to soothe, but Jackie wasn’t buying it. She kept crying, kicking her tiny legs into the air and waving her fists. Mycroft picked her up, propping her on one hip as he went and gathered a bottle and the formula. Juggling the baby in one arm while making the bottle with the other hand, Mycroft quickly put the formula and water in the bottle, warming it up and presenting it to an unimpressed Jackie. She fussed a little, huffing a few angry breaths out of her mouth before accepting the nipple.
“See where the future takes us, one moment at a time?”
Liz nodded hesitantly, eyes fixed to his wand.
“Very good,” Sherlock responded, adjusting his grip on the bedrail. He arched his back a little, reveling in the light pull he felt there.
“For three, please,” Greg said to the hostess.
Sherlock wracked his brains for a moment. “Chopin Nocturne Number 2.”
“Well you aren’t a submissive, so you aren’t biologically built to obey everyone around you,” Sherlock sulked, glowering at Mycroft.
Liz tries daycare. It does not go well.
“Goodbye John, Sherlock.”
“That was…” the man struggled for a minute. “Impressive. Kind of weird, but impressive.”
“Exactly. No.”
Dark mahogany shone on the floor, marred here and there by the light scuff marks of new furniture being placed.
“The back up team is just arriving, I will send some of them your way,” Anthea answered.
“How often do you have sex?”
“That’s okay,” Greg murmured. “We can just lay here all night of that’s what you need.”
Sherlock hummed, shrugging and putting his head back on John’s shoulder. “Continue.”
Greg could recognize a sub on the brink of subdrop. “Lad, from one sub to another, I know you are not thinking rationally right now-“
“Now, how about we find some robes for Sherlock?” John asked Liz.
John came rushing in from the kitchen at that moment, wand drawn.
“Mycroft,” Greg murmured impatiently, a breath away from him. “It’s fine, just tell me who it is.”
“Liz,” she said softly.
“Boys, is that you?” Sherlock looked at John, slight panic in his eyes.
“I’m acquainted with your brother.”
“Sherlock Holmes, come here this instant!” John barked, slamming the door behind him.
Greg rubbed his hands together against the brisk spring air as he waited for someone to answer the door.
“I should go get her,” he said. “Are you good for right now?”
“Whatever you want it to be,” Sherlock said hesitantly. “Everything.” He paused and swallowed audibly. “Nothing.”
John chuckled. “You two kiss and make up?” he asked as he pulled back the sheets.
“Thank you,” Mycroft said. At this point he was scraping the bottom of the jar of mashed carrots. “Good?” he asked, addressing Jackie.
"Hello, sir," Marcia, the only paramedic that Mycroft trusted implicitly, greeted him. "Bit of a rough night?"
“She had tomatoes last night,” Mycroft confirmed, relieved.
Greg sighed a full body sigh. “I hate classified.” He thought a moment. “Could they be hired men?”
John backed into the fire, holding his hands out calmly to Liz. She looked furtively at him but, seeing no averse reactions to the fire, she took his hands. He gathered her close, making sure he had a firm grip on her before strongly saying “Diagon Alley!” With a whoosh they were off, the world spinning around them as grates flashed before them.  Liz kept her eyes screwed shut, hands gripping John’s tightly.
“You as well!”
“As long as he doesn’t put weight on the leg,” Marcia answered. “So you’ll have to help him get there.”
“I don’t need protecting,” Sherlock said venomously, yanking his hand out of John’s grip.
“I didn’t believe it at first,” Sherlock answered, still focused on his own paper. “I mean, magic, really? But then I saw Mycroft do a little bit and I realized it must be true. Then I was, I hate to admit, a little jealous. But I got over that, especially when I saw how his magic could help me,” Sherlock smirked.
“Hurry back,” Greg grinned impishly. Mycroft quickly went into the other room, coming back out with a box wrapped in gold wrapping paper.
“But you said your Mummy hurt you last night.”
“Oh, fun! And you two are… together?”
“Sir, everyone’s ready to go in when you are,” Anthea said from beside him. She would be coordinating the raid from inside the van.
“That’s good, Sherlock, very smart.” John reached forward and ran his hands through Sherlock’s hair gently. “Now, I’m not really angry with you anymore, and although I should punish you, I think being punched is the nose is probably enough this time. Now, I’m going to put you into ‘space because you are getting dangerously close to drop and don’t tell me otherwise. I am sorry about not noticing sooner, love.”
“Hermione was telling me the difference between spells and hexes.”
Greg picked up the tray when they were both done, putting on the floor beside the bed. “So, what now?” he asked.
“No. Go away. I don’t want you.” Sherlock’s arms tightened around his knees.
“Da! Da!” Jackie picked up two blocks and banged them together, grinning the entire time. Greg’s head poked back around the doorframe.
“What? No, I’m not busy, why would you say that?”
“Look, we can deal with this right here if you want. I have no trouble bending you over my knee and spanking you right now. That’s what you’re gearing for if you don’t smarten up.”
“I did not kidnap her, as you can well deduce,” Mycroft answered back.
“Yes,” John replied shortly, narrowing his eyes at Sherlock. “He keeps me on my toes.”
“You have children.”
“I had the situation handled.”
“Close! Cow, cow,” Mycroft enunciated, putting emphasis on the c.
“Yes, let us depart.” Mycroft led the way, Sherlock following in his footsteps. They climbed into the black car waiting for them, settling in for the short car ride.
“Okay,” Sherlock said, shrugging. “I like the idea of the thrill of it, but I’m sure we can find that thrill somewhere else.”
“No need,” Mycroft waved off the apology. “We’re still learning about each other, obviously.”
Mycroft was embarrassed, loathe as he was to admit it even to himself. He had obviously let the situation get to him, and he wasn’t thinking straight.
“Yes, I think she’s starting to feel better now, thankfully.” Mycroft suctioned each nostril again before picking her up and holding her close. “Thank you for helping,” Mycroft said. “Can I get you some tea?”
“And we can always revisit if we need to,” John reminded him.
“Move in with you during your honeymoon phase? No thank you.”
Greg silently took a bite of the sandwich, tears slipping down his cheeks. Mycroft quickly took the second-to-last bite of the sandwich, quickly putting the last bit in Greg’s mouth. Greg chewed and swallowed around soft sobs that were bubbling in his throat.
“Much.” Greg laid a soft kiss on Mycroft’s cheek. Mycroft shifted his head so that he could line his lips up with Greg’s. Gently he kissed Greg, moving his lips sweetly and softly. After a moment, they pulled away.
“This is- I don’t deserve this,” Greg breathed, running his hands gently down the front of it.
“Yes, we found some very nice robes for Liz,” Sherlock said, brandishing the robes draped over his arm.
“They didn’t mean it to be a bad thing,” Mycroft reasoned. “And it doesn’t have to be. Look at me, I’ve known for five years now what we are, and it hasn’t affected me. I’m still the same person I always was.”
“Unfortunately. My men will take this one,” he points to the cuffed woman behind Greg, “and place her somewhere secure. We’ll be leaving.” Without another word he walks to the car, Greg following behind. Greg quietly puts Jackie in her car seat, letting her keep his keys. He got into the passenger seat, buckling up and looking over at Mycroft.
“We’ll go back to mine?” John asked.
“Good, M’coft.”
“Sometimes,” Sherlock admitted.
She didn’t take her eyes off of Sherlock until he had stalked away to look again at the body. She flicked her eyes back to Greg, staring unwaveringly.
“Yeah. Wanna cuddle,” he slurred, looking blearily up at John.
“Thank you, Emily, that will be all for today,” Mycroft said to their driver.
“Alright.” John reached above Sherlock to the shelves attached to the head of the bed and pulled down his bee plush. “There you go.” Sherlock accepted the bee eagerly, tucking him happily under his chin.
“Why didn’t they send you home straight after this happened?” Mycroft asked, tamping down the fury bubbling in his throat.
“How old are you, kid?” the man asked.
“About twenty minutes ago,” he said, starting to feel concern creeping into his peripherals. “You didn’t hear me come in?”
“Of course not. How long we gonna have to stay here?” Greg felt the world start to spin as he rested his head back against the chair.
“John,” Sherlock murmured sadly, sitting on the side of the bed but not touching him. “Let me at least get you untangled from the sheets, okay?”
“Stay here,” she mumbled, burrowing her face into John’s jumper.
The next morning, they were woken by delighted cries from the sitting room.
“Nothing at all? Did you just sit and stare at the wall all day?” John asked teasingly.
“She’ll make the flat less dull.”
“Poor thing,” John answered. “Well I’d best get going. We’ll see you soon, and if you ever need babysitters, feel free to ask Sherlock and I.”
“Not as long as we stay behind the yellow tape.” Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and pulled him forward as close to the yellow tape as they could get.
Sherlock was still on the stool, tapping his foot impatiently and snapping into the phone.
“Great, go save the world,” Greg said with a smile, scooping Jackie off the floor and holding her out towards Mycroft. “Say goodbye to Daddy.”
“Hm.” Sherlock tipped his face up, eyes closed. This was one of John’s favourite moments, when Sherlock had gotten a good night’s sleep and was still slogging his way into wakefulness. John kissed him gently on the lips.
“Wow,” Liz breathed.
“We hadn’t talked about it,” John said, shooting a look at Sherlock. “But I’d like to move back in 221B. We couldn’t very well leave you, could we Mrs. H?” John asked with a small smile. “We’ll stay at mine while we fix the flat upstairs, then I’ll probably sell it.”
“Disobeyed you,” Sherlock sighed.
“Alright, a few more things. Safeword.”
“Oh, shit.” Springing up, Mycroft ran to the abandoned pile and looked around the room devoid of any furniture. “Bugger.”
John took a moment to reply. “Although I don’t agree with them forcing us all into this experiment, I do think we should all try to make the best of it as best we can. I mean what’s done is done, I suppose.”
Sherlock looked at him for a moment. “I believe we have tea. In the kitchen.” He looked over at the kitchen thoughtfully but seemed in no rush to get up and find out if they actually did have tea. John regarded him for a moment before getting up and heading to the kitchen, a small smile still playing on his lips. Moments later Sherlock heard the kettle click on and John rummaging around in his kitchen, cupboard doors opening and closing.
“So, Liz, what happened?” Hermione asked, kneeling down so that she was eye-level with her. Liz kept her face tucked in John’s jumper.
“Right,” John agreed uneasily. “Among other things.”
“If you need anything, give us a holler.” Greg leaned forward and kissed Mycroft on the cheek, pulling back when Mycroft stiffened. “Sorry, I couldn’t resist.”
Liz looked apprehensive.
“What do you mean?”
He was now in the process of building the crib, which had come in a flat-pack box. “I’m a genius, and I cannot for the life of me figure out where this stupid piece is supposed to go,” Mycroft said, brandishing a long piece of wood uselessly. “Do you know where this goes?” he asked Jackie, who giggled and clapped. “You, my dear, are completely useless,” he said with a soft smile towards her, not meaning it.
"Oh for-" going towards the baby, he tried to pick her up. In response she screamed bloody murder and started pushing at his hands, futilely trying to get him off her.
“Goodnight,” John chuckled, his heart full to bursting. Leaning down, he brushed a gentle kiss over Sherlock’s forehead and then over his lips.
“No, John,” Sherlock lowered his eyes but his lips quirked at the fond exasperation laced in John’s voice.
“Yes, of course.” Mycroft slipped his hand out of Greg’s and fished the jar and a spoon out of the bag. “There you go, Jackie,” Mycroft said, spooning some carrots out of the jar and offering the spoon. Jackie took it greedily into her mouth. Greg watched as Mycroft fed her, smiling softly at how easy he was with her.
Liz shrugged again. Dr. Witter looked at her for a moment before standing and crossing to his desk.
When she saw she had both their attention, Liz untangled her hands from Sherlock and John’s, wrapping one around the locket and the other in the hem of her shirt.
“Right, now I’m going to give you ten spanks,” John told him as he settled Sherlock. “I’m spanking you because of your behavior earlier. You need to listen to me when I tell you to do something, and we never throw things.” John paused a moment to see if he would get a response but when he only got a whimper in response, he continued. “Alright, here we go.”
“Loo,” Mycroft grunted, getting his feet solidly on the ground. Beside Greg, Jackie had woken up. She cooed at them both.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock complied.
When he had finished he knelt beside the bed, watching John as he pulled out their box of toys. John put the box on the bed and started pulling out items. He laid a riding crop, a flogger, and a paddle out on the bed, as well as a set of leather cuffs. He left everything else in the box, but kept it on the bed in case they ended up using more.
“I won’t be able to sleep anymore, but I will take the glass of water,” Mycroft said, leaning back. “Can I hold her?”
Greg hummed thoughtfully. “Are you a plot man or an action man?” he asked, scrutinizing Mycroft. Mycroft shrugged helplessly in response. “I think an action man. There’s no plot out there you wouldn’t be able to call. Seen any Bond films?”
“Although that was less than convincing, I’ll let this one go this time. But only because you were mostly right. Next time, leave the chasing to us, alright?”
“Do you want to have a relationship with me?” Greg felt a calm descend on him even as his stomach hollowed out.
The girl hesitated for a moment before unwinding her arms from around her legs. Greg and John inched back enough to let her scoot her way out of the closet. She moved carefully, her arms and legs ambling as she navigated out. Her limbs didn’t seem strong enough to support her. She stared at John and Greg.
“To allow you to grow up and develop your own personalities, to become your own people.” Sherlock sat in stony silence.
“Yes, well, it’s not as if I come here often.” Mycroft focused on Jackie, feeding her another piece of the toast.
“Feeling better?” Mycroft chuckled, pressing a kiss to the top of Greg’s head.
“Yes, actually if you wouldn’t mind. Can you finish dressing her while I finish getting dressed?”
“For putting you in danger. For putting her in danger. I should never have called you.”
“Sherlock, come sit down,” his mother said gently, scampering over to him and dragging him by the hand to the head of the table, the place of honor.
“Sure.”
“That’s fine. It’s all fine. Will you come out now?”
“Please.” Sherlock went back to his book while John moved into the kitchen.
“For Holmes?” she asked.
“Yes. Now, that’s all I wished to discuss. Is there anything you would like to discuss or ask of my list?”
“All done,” Marcia said a few seconds later, tying off the stitches. “He’ll need to stay off the leg for the next few days, and he’ll need a lot of rest and relaxation. He lost a lot of blood, but nothing I’m too worried about. Lucky for him, the bullet missed anything vital. Again, sleep and nourishment should do the job in replenishing there.”
Greg turned to look over his shoulder.
“Gonna get married?” Sherlock teased, only half joking.
“Fine. Have fun with your boyfriend,” Sherlock sneered. Mycroft rolled his eyes before scanning the room, finding the seating area Greg had been referring to. It was a collection of comfortable single and double chairs arranged in pairs and small groups around low-set tables. Mycroft took the lead once again, letting Greg fall behind him by a few steps.
“I’m sorry Greg, this is awfully unbecoming.”
“I really shouldn’t-“
John and Sherlock settle Liz into their life at 221, and they get a not-totally-unexpected visit.
They left the store, the sun shining cheerfully as they walked out onto the sidewalk. Greg had Jackie propped on one arm, the bag with the DVDs in the other hand. A group of two couples were approaching them from up the sidewalk. They paused in order to let the couples pass them, but the couples insisted they go first.
“There we go, that’s a good girl,” John murmured as he shone the light in her mouth. Gently he ran his finger over her gums. She already had her four front teeth. “Gums look good, it doesn’t look like any other teeth are coming in yet but you should be expecting them shortly.” Handing Sherlock’s penlight back to him, John put his hands on Jackie’s head. She whimpered quietly but let him. “All looks good. Can you lay her on the table for me?” Mycroft did quickly as asked, holding her hand with his and keeping his other hand on her head. John quickly ran his hands over her stomach and legs, moving her legs around and checking her joints. Opening her onesie, he pulled it up and opened her diaper, checking for rashes or infection. He quickly fastened the diaper back on her, snapping the onesie back up. “All seems well here, I noticed she’s got a bit of a runny nose?” John asked, motioning that Mycroft could pick her back up. Doing so, Mycroft cradled her securely to his chest.
John laughed for real this time, letting the laughter roll into the air to be mixed with Sherlock’s quiet baritone. “People are assholes,” John said on the end of a chuckle. Sherlock hummed his agreement. They sat in comfortable silence once more, John inching a little closer to Sherlock. Slowly but surely, John’s arm ended up behind Sherlock with John leaning less than a breath away from Sherlock. Despite his best efforts, Sherlock found himself relaxing, a feeling of comfort and protectiveness slowly working it’s way through him.
“Just in time,” Mycroft said, moving to the coffee maker.
“Sherlock insulted the technician, prompting him to punch Sherlock in the nose.”
“No you’re not,” Sherlock jumped in immediately.
“Of course,” Sherlock looked offended. “Don’t be ridiculous.”
“Not right now,” John answered, shaking his head. He couldn’t handle the thought of putting anything in his stomach at the moment. Sherlock nodded his agreement and finished making their teas, bringing them to the table and sitting across from John. He slid John’s tea towards him, reaching out with the same hand and capturing John’s hand in his.
“Do you want to put her down?”
“Sorry, yes, I’m here. What is it, love?”
“Hello,” Liz whispered, hiding her face in Sherlock’s sleeve.
“Stranger things have happened?” John tried.
Sherlock turned and walked down the road, towing Liz behind him. With a last smile and a “I’ll text you later,” John turned and followed his partner.
“That would be me,” John admitted, a touch embarrassed. Greg noticed an underlying tension in the set of John’s shoulders and could tell he was not happy with Sherlock.
“Sherlock, you need to calm down,” John said once the D.I. was out of earshot.
John smiled at that. “I believe it. I played clarinet in primary school. I was pretty lousy.”
“Okay.”
“Thank you.” He slipped past Greg, pajamas clutched tightly in his hands. He closed the bathroom door quietly behind him. Greg watched him go, feeling like a buoy on the wind-wracked water. He understood that Mycroft had been through a lot, but he felt the need to hug him and never let go, just as much as he knew that Mycroft would hate him for doing that. It was a disconcerting position to be in.
“Of course,” Mycroft sighed, resigning himself to being wrapped around the combined finger of Greg and Jackie. “There’s a restaurant a few doors down. We will drop the groceries at the car and eat there.”
“Good thing we’ve solved it, then,” D.I. Nolan answered, eyeing Mycroft up. Mycroft smirked at the mirroring of his brother and the D.I.’s words.
“Anything you gentlemen would like to talk about today?”
“Is this also on a one to ten scale or…?” Greg asked.
“Obviously,” Sherlock said. “Liz, thoughts?”
“Papa!” she cried. She had also started that in the last few months. It had started with a ‘pa’ that Greg insisted was just a noise she made, but after that Mycroft had taken to calling him papa when talking to Jackie, and she had picked up on it. “Papa down,” she continued.
“There’s a missing child. I’d say that’s a life in danger,” Sherlock said.
“Oh trust me, I know. And it’ll only get better once we get home. But in order to get home, we need to finish up at New Scotland Yard. So the quicker we do that, the quicker we’ll get home.”
Sherlock and John take Liz to therapy.
“Do you watch a lot of Peppa?” John asked.
“Up you both get, then. I’ll see you in a few minutes.”
“Dominant, going to uni for medicine, father is a drunk,” Sherlock quickly deduced. “From the second wave of the experiment, same as me, older brother also a drunk probably passed out under a table somewhere. Sports injury in the left shoulder, likely football or rugby.”
“Okay,” Mycroft said, sighing. “I will have to urinate eventually, you know,” Mycroft said.
“Yes, Gregory.” Mycroft placed his hand on top of Greg’s for a moment before letting go. The last thing he noticed before falling asleep was Gregory’s slightly unsteady swagger as he left the room.
Sherlock, noticing movement off to his side, glanced over and spotted Mycroft who was pointing at his watch.
“Is there a back door to this place?”
“London, originally, but Mycroft here is the British ambassador in Canada. He had a little bit of work to finish up there before we could go on vacation and since I’ve never been to Canada, I decided to tag along. We came straight from there. We’ve been flying around a lot.” Greg chuckled.
“No.”
“That’s kind of hot and sort of terrifying,” Greg admitted.
Mycroft emerged a few minutes later to Greg still standing in the living room, seemingly lost in thought.
Mycroft thought of the deaths he had seen, and the nausea that he felt earlier came roiling back full force as he bit back a gag.
Liz nodded. John set about making tea, listening idly to Sherlock and Hermione chatting in the living room. John loaded the tea onto a tray and prompted the tray to float in front of him so that he could reach out and pick Liz up. They moved into the living room, and John sent the tray to the coffee table while he sat down with Liz on the sofa on his lap.
“Of course,” Mycroft smiled at Greg’s dopey tone. He was clearly in subspace, if only a light one. “Come on, up we get,” Mycroft prompted, lightly tapping Greg on the bum to get him moving. Groaning, Greg clambered off of Mycroft’s lap, but glued himself to Mycroft once he was standing. Together, they made their way to the washroom where Mycroft carefully undressed Greg, placing the corset and collar to the side and throwing Greg’s pants in the laundry hamper. He then quickly undressed himself. “In we go,” Mycroft said, helping Greg into the shower and propping him against the wall. Turning up the hot water, Mycroft let the steam fill the shower as he ran his hands carefully down Greg’s chest. He lathered up a flannel and ran it efficiently over Greg’s body, washing the dried semen off of Greg’s cock and stomach. Greg stood boneless against the wall, grinning loosely at Mycroft.
They worked efficiently as a team, getting Jackie changed and ready for bed and set up with pillows bracketing her on either side, preventing her from rolling off. Mycroft set up the baby monitor that he had thought to throw in the diaper bag. Taking one of the pair, both men moved into the sitting room and took up residence in the two armchairs by the fire.
Sherlock staggered forward a few feet once he had solid land under him again. He braced himself again the back of John’s chair for a moment before running into the bathroom. John could hear him being sick as he lay Liz down on the sofa, tucking an afghan around her. She stirred as she was shuffled.
“Okay,” Mycroft answered, sitting Jackie on the bed. “Could you put some of her toys on the bed?”
“Don’t be ridiculous, John, this is your house, you take the bed. I rarely sleep anyways, I doubt I’ll get any tonight.”
“Well, they can’t,” Sherlock jumped in.
“He should wake up within the next hour or so,” the doctor told the three men.
Rose continued to browse books beside Liz, occasionally commenting on a book that she found interesting. Liz was quiet, but answered the few questions Rose asked her. Mostly, Rose seemed happy to provide a comfortable mixture of nonsensical chatter and friendly silence.
“Seeing as you don’t smoke, I would say that’s irrelevant, but it’s a zero either way.”
“Well, I’ll leave you all to it,” Mrs. Hudson said a while later, standing and making her way slowly back down the stairs.
Mycroft sat himself easily on the table. “Yes, I… rescued her. I’m not sure of all the details myself, but it did not seem like a good situation she was in. She seems to realize on some level that I saved her, as it were.”
Sherlock grimaced. “No, thank you.” Disgust coloured his tone. The woman came around from behind her friend, cornering Sherlock in on his one side.
“Not. Eating.”
Liz stared dolefully up at her before looking at John expectantly.
“I suppose it’s been a couple hours, yes,” he answered, realizing for the first time how long they’d been in the store. Distractedly, he waved his hand in front of Jackie’s face. She was not amused by this, however. She started crying, fat tears rolling down her face and falling into the fur of the teddy bear she was holding.
“No, of course not. I’ll just be getting to know you.” John sounded slightly annoyed.
“And I’ve missed her,” he replied with a tight smile. “How’s she been?”
“It was… good,” Sherlock said, bewildered. Mycroft examined him for a moment.
“Nope. No weight on that leg, Mycroft, that means even standing.”
Mycroft looked at her for a moment. “No, it will be quicker if I go and do it myself.” He was in a “if you want it done right, do it yourself,’ state of mind.
“Jesus,” John breathed, sloughing off his coat and hanging it on the hook by the door. He took a cleansing breath, bracing himself for the battle he was about to face.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft nodded back. “I haven’t formally introduced you yet. Sherlock, meet Gregory Lestrade. Greg, this is my brother Sherlock.”
“Tea?” he asked. They had a few hours before they could go to Baker Street to pick up Rosie.
“Yes! We’re looking for a car seat and a front-carrier,” Greg said, smiling charmingly.
“There was the director of Sherrinford,” Mycroft said brokenly when he re-caught his breath. “And his wife. And three innocent men. All of whom died for no reason. And all at my hand, although not directly. No, I was too much of a coward for even that. Even when a man begged me, I couldn’t do it.” Mycroft laughed humorlessly. “And then of course, she made us turn on each other. And I tried to convince Sherlock to kill me.” Mycroft voice broke and his body shuddered as he relived the moment. “He pointed that gun right at me and at that moment, all I could think was that I didn’t get to say goodbye to you.” Mycroft met Greg’s eyes, tears slipping down his cheeks. “But I knew it had to be me. Sherlock could survive without me, but he would never be able to go on without John.” Mycroft sniffed quietly. “I would have done it, Gregory. Left you behind. You’re strong. You could survive. But not Sherlock. Not Sherlock.” Mycroft turned his face into his pillow, guilt washing over him again.
John chuckled at his exuberance. “I’ll look into buying us a pair as soon as possible, then.”
“No,” Jackie pouted, tapping Greg’s chest with her open hand. “No no no no no,” she chanted happily.
“Liz, would you go to the kitchen for me?”
Sorry it's a little late, I had a friend visiting this week.
“No sudden moves, now,” the woman whispered in his ear, digging the gun in further. “No need to get jumpy.”
“No you don’t!” Sherlock practically shrieked, pointing once more at the technician. The technician turned red and stood swiftly, hanging his camera around his neck.
John sighed, heaving himself off the sofa and onto the floor, where he knelt in front of Liz. When he got a look at her face, he noticed that tears were running down her face.
John took four pieces of toast from the toaster and put two more pieces of bread in. “Can you butter these for me?” John put a butter knife and the butter beside her at the kitchen table. Liz picked up the knife and got to work, lathering more butter onto the toast than strictly necessary. John watched as she meticulously gathered butter onto the knife and then spread it across the pieces of toast. John turned back to the eggs, running his spatula through them a couple times before scooping them all onto a plate. He put three plates onto the table and the plate of eggs.
“Thank you,” he said. He considered her for a moment. She seemed loyal enough, relatively smart as far as thugs went, and could obviously withstand a certain amount of pain. If his people hadn’t been there, her and her people would have had a chance at getting Jackie. “Your team, is that a permanent arrangement?” he asked.
“So what now?” Sherlock asked.
“Right this way,” she took them to a table against the wall.
Stopping his frantic pacing, Sherlock let out a roar of frustration. He flung his arm towards one technician who was taking pictures of the crime scene. “Look at this one. He is kneeling in that blood. KNEELING. In. It. Who the hell let him on here?”
“But I need to file this case into my Mind Palace.”
“What has gotten into you?” John asked, stepping away from the bed and crossing arms. “Sherlock, this behavior is unacceptable. Now, do as your told and stand.”
“Yes, of course.” Mycroft handed Jackie to Greg, who cradled her in the crook of his arm and rocked gently, cooing at her. Her crying hiccupped for a moment as she took in the new person in front of her.
"Shift switch successfully completed at 02:30," Anthea's voice buzzed quietly in his ear. "Free to move, sir. You should have ten minutes to get in and out before the guards are near your area of the labs."
Liz nodded.
“I’m not sure I would qualify as ‘social’, but I do have tea and food.”
“Yes, me too,” Sherlock said around Mycroft as he got in the car and closed the door.
“Sir,” Anthea greeted. “I’ve just about finished tying up the loose ends of the case. I’m just outside the flat and I’ve got a onesie, a diaper and a bottle for the baby. May I come in?”
“Oi, you can’t go in there!” the constable cried from behind him. Everyone in the sitting room turned to look at Mycroft as he entered.
“You are right,” John said, a glint in his eye, “but I will not hesitate to take care of you the second this case is over and we are home.”
“Yes. Right Jackie?” Greg asked the baby in his arms.
“One, thank you,” Greg said around a gasp.
“I will also have a shower, and dress Jackie for the day.”
“Oh.” He went slightly pale as he took in the small form in front of him, his eyes flicking back towards the front of the room where the body was still floating. He knelt down beside Greg. “Hello, my name is John. Can you tell me your name?”
“Sure,” John said, taking a sip from his tea and put it on the table, picking up the list and pen once more.
“I am,” Sherlock responded. “This is John Watson and Liz, our current young charge.”
“Quickly. I’m not above removing you from the case,” he said warningly.
“Quite,” Mycroft said with a smile. “Thank you for everything, John.”
“A candidate, to be certain,” Mycroft admitted coolly. “But let us keep our options open.”
“Maybe we can stop to eat, too,” Greg said.
“What?”
“No, don’t apologize!” Greg hastened to say. “It’s just something we should iron out before we go out in public.” Mycroft nodded as he gave Jackie the last of one piece of toast.  “So how about we stick close to the truth? We say that you adopted her because you wanted a family, and then we met, and this is our first vacation together.”
“You will die, you know?” he told her conversationally. “If you don’t tell me, that is. So I will ask again, who do you work for?”
“Well you could sit, but you would have to get your pants off first which would have a larger chance of me getting a peek of something you don’t want me getting a peek at. It’s really your choice.”
“Eight,” Mycroft responded decisively.
“Bye!” Greg called after them. “So Jackie said another word, huh?” Greg asked Mycroft after a moment.
“No, John.”
“That’s fine. Just tell everyone Sherlock dashed out the back door and I followed merrily along,” John smirked.
“Of course,” Mycroft lifted Jackie gently from the bed and moved her up to his chest, careful to keep her off his stomach. Sherlock placed one hand under her bum and wrapped the other around her back, holding her securely. Leaning down, he put his nose to her hair and inhaled. He closed his eyes and exhaled as he leaned back into the pillow, his breathing quickly evening out even as his hands stay steady on Jackie.
John saw the way Sherlock was reacting and grinned, laying five harder whacks on Sherlock’s back.
“Oh, I’m mean, am I?” John wound his hand into Sherlock’s hair and tightened his grip.
“Of course I did, love.”
Sherlock grunted and nuzzled further into John’s neck.
“Someone’s sleepy,” Greg commented with a smile.
The girl stayed resolutely mute.
“How did you do that?” Sherlock asked, kneeling down and getting in the girl’s space. She pushed back so that she was against the wall. Tears welled in her eyes.
“Ready to go?” he asked.
"She seems to be about thirteen months, if it matters," Marcia supplied, both of them gazing at Jaclynn as she fought to keep her eyes open.
“And that has relevance how?” Mycroft asked.
“Yes, everything is splendid.”
“Were you hoping it was just a dream?”
“Well, it sounds like you are both happy.” Evan looked at his watch and a look of relief washed over his face. “That about cover today’ session. I’ll see you next time. You can book an appointment with Nancy out front.”
“There you go, you’re all done, you’re forgiven, here we go,” John soothed, lifting Sherlock up and cradling him in his lap. He tucked Sherlock’s head into the crook of his neck and held him there, letting Sherlock cry it out. “Now, how about you help me clean up the mess, and then we’ll get you in a nice warm bath, alright?” Sherlock’s sobs had slowed and now he was sniffling, his breathing dangerously close to hiccups. “Take deep breaths for me, love,” John whispered, rubbing Sherlock’s back. Sherlock did as he was told, taking deep breaths and huffing them into John’s neck. “Good boy.” John held him for another moment before tapping him lightly on the rump. “Up we go.”
“Not that you didn’t have a lot to live for before.”
“Out we go, then.”
“And you never felt the need to tell me?”
“Of course, if you want me to leave…” Greg said after an awkwardly long pause.
Sherlock huffed and crossed his arms.
“Great. See, now I know more about you. What about-“
“Holmes,” Mycroft greeted, not looking at the call display on his phone.
“Good,” Sherlock sighed. Although he wasn’t quite in subspace yet, he could feel his brain slowing and detaching. “Not quite there yet.”
“Gregory,” he said quietly.
“You never are,” Mycroft said fiercely, tightening his arms around Greg momentarily.  “If something like that ever happens, I will do my best to be there for you. All you need to do is call.”
“Well that was all obvious, but not necessarily wrong. He was killed by his wife, who has life insurance out on him. Obvious in the area of skin around his ring and the mud on the bottom of his shoes. She shot him in an alley as a way to make it look impersonal, so that she wouldn’t be suspected. She should be at home right now, but will be running shortly so you may want to get a move on.” Sherlock looked up at the D.I. who was hovering over his shoulder, furiously scribbling in his notebook.
“What’ll that mean for you? Will you get the flat to yourself?”
“No, I think we have everything we require,” Mycroft said, pushing their cart towards the checkout lanes. Mycroft paid for everything while Greg entertained Jackie in the cart.
“What now, Sir?”
“The hat takes all that into account,” John told her, ignoring Sherlock.
“So you’re willing to give us an honest chance?” John asked. “As a dominant submissive couple?”
“Hi there!” she said, coming forward. “My name’s Lacey. What’s your name?” she asked, addressing Liz.
“Touché.” Mycroft wandered back towards the kitchen, bag of eggs still in hand.
Sherlock chuckled softly as he took another mouthful of cocoa, letting a marshmallow bump gently against his lips.
“Yes, she was just getting to that part,” Mycroft smirked at Greg. “Thank you,” he said as he took the mug Greg offered. He drank the tea quickly, taking a painkiller with it.
“So Liz, today we have an appointment with a psychologist.”
“Yeah, go take care of her. How is he with her?”
“I’m just trying to help you, Sherlock,” John said roughly, not meeting his eyes.
“Done for the day?” Greg asked, craning his neck to look at Mycroft still in the doorway.
Without any further prompting Greg dug his fingers into the folds in the paper, gracelessly ripping the paper off and discarding it. Opening the box, Greg’s breath caught in his throat as he pulled out the male corset nestled in the box. It was a simple black affair, made of thick rich fabric and delicate whale boning, gold buckles running in a line down the front. It was an underbust, the kind that followed the line of his pectorals.
The silence was broken when Sherlock’s phone pinged with an incoming message. He took his phone out of his pocket and glanced at it, noticing it was eleven thirty.
Mycroft nodded. It was the same one he had initially rescued Jackie from. After the botched recon mission, his people had not been able to secure the facility.
He felt her nod against the small of his back, and he reached down and unwound her arms from his waist. He turned around, picking her up and continuing into the kitchen. He sat her in one of the chairs by the table.
“Not eating,” Sherlock replied, not pulling his eyes from the folder.
“We’ve got about three more bites. We’ll do this together,” Mycroft encouraged Greg. “You are so strong. You can do this.”
Liz stood and walked up the stairs, Sherlock following close behind. The Afghan lay forgotten on the kitchen chair. Once they were done, John pulled out his wand and got the dishes washing. While they took care of themselves, John went into their bedroom to get changed for the day.
“Can you request to live on your own?”
John sighed. “No, of course not Sherlock. You’re right, as always.” John didn’t sound particularly happy about it. “I want everything, too. But that means changing nappies in the middle of the night, giving me space when I need it and comforting me when I need it. It means sleepless nights of worrying and early mornings of fevers and colds and work. Are you really ready to sign up for all of that?”
“Right.” John retreated back into the kitchen and emerged a few minutes later with two mugs of tea. He set them down on the low table in front of the sofa. “Do you have anything on how to deal with older children?”
“What the hell was that?”
“What the bloody hell?” a familiar voice came from the doorway. John turned and saw Greg and another constable standing in the doorway.
“I’m good, thanks. How are you and Jackie?”
“I do not date,” he stated factually.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “No, of course not, don’t be silly. He’s just very controlling. About everything.”
“How do you feel about John having a job, Sherlock?”
When the seven minutes were up, John went into the living room and sat on the sofa, putting his tea on the small table beside it. “Come here,” John said. John was pleased to note that Sherlock’s shoulders had lost some of their tension. Sherlock turned and made his way over, feet whispering across the floor. “Kneel, please,” John said, motioning to the floor in front of him. Sherlock did, knowing that this meant he was still being punished. He lowered his eyes to his clasped hands on his lap.  “So, let’s talk about why you were sent to the corner.”
“So, do you boys have any plans?” Mrs. Hudson asked.
“Does it really matter who?” Mycroft asked, trying to avoid eye contact even though they were inches apart.
“Honestly? A little worried we won’t be able to help Liz the way she needs. And a little overwhelmed. Everything’s moving so quickly. I’m worried we may have taken on more than we an handle.”
“Of course I do, I just got off work.”
“I picked the lock. And you have my thumbprint encoded into the system, as well as Anthea’s and John’s.”
“Almost there,” Mycroft encouraged. He let the next one land.
“Yes, I have no doubt I’ll have more questions,” Mycroft held the door open as Greg waited for the elevator.
“Right, because if it is, does “one” equal “not much” or is “one” nothing. Because strictly speaking zero should be nothing.”
“Shit!” Greg heard from the other room.
“Why do I feel like I’ve just given her away forever?” John asked as they waited to order coffee.
The pair went back to gazing around the room, making comments and deductions to each other every once in a while.
“Sure, officer. Thank you,” John said, pulling on Sherlock’s hand. “Come on Sherlock.”
Sherlock glared at him over his crossed arms. “No. Go ‘way.” He tucked his face back into his folded arms.
“Are you asking because you just saw that submissive police officer wannabe go outside?” Sherlock asked pointedly.
“I know. I do,” Sherlock insisted when John looked at him in disbelief. “It’s just- I don’t attach myself to people easily,” he said stiffly. “And when I do, I do it fully. Irrevocably. With all of my being.” His injured fist clenched momentarily and then sprung open again. “I don’t think I’ve ever been this worried,” Sherlock admitted. “Except maybe at the pool, when you had that bomb strapped to your chest.” Sherlock met John’s eyes and John could see all the hurt and worry that Sherlock tried to keep hidden bubbling to the surface. Sherlock’s lips tipped downwards momentarily and it was all John needed to surge forward, arms like a vice around Sherlock’s torso as Sherlock’s knees went weak.
Liz hesitated before shaking her head.
Rolling his neck on his shoulder and wincing, Mycroft stood and went into Jackie’s bedroom. He quickly scooped her up and bounced her gently, changing her diaper on the changing table in her room. As soon as he had touched her she had quieted, a tiny scowl still on her face. Mycroft decided to keep her n her plain baby grow for now. Moving into the kitchen and efficiently preparing a bottle, Mycroft also made himself a coffee one handed, holding Jackie on his hip. Jackie sucked back her bottle, hiccupping slightly as she finished it. Mycroft took it from her before she could drop it, quickly learning from past experience. She grumbled unhappily, her face scrunching into a moue of discontent.
Sherlock did as told, looking confused and intrigued. With a wink, John took a step forward and all three of them blinked out of existence.
Sherlock stood facing the mirror by the front door, adjusting his tie. With the blessing of both their parents and the experiment leaders, the brothers had moved into their own flat as soon as Sherlock turned eighteen. Although they still used their parent’s driver and housekeeper, they were functionally independent, living off their inheritance and Mycroft’s paycheck.
“How original,” Sherlock said sarcastically. “How long must we remain?”
“M not,” he mumbled.
“Of course,” Mycroft chuckled. He plucked them off the table and passed them to their respective child.
“Alright, ready? One, two, three!” Both children raced off, quickly picking the eggs up off the visible surfaces before searching more in-depth.
When they arrived at their destination, Sherlock swooped out of the cab, leaving John to pay the cabbie. By the time John exited the cab, Sherlock was already down a dark alley on the public side of the tape, listening intently to the same D.I. as the first crime scene.
“Yes, of course,” Mycroft said, crossing to them. “Did you have a good sleep?”
“Whenever I ask, and whenever he can tell I need it,” Sherlock confirmed.
“Good,” Mycroft sighed, squeezing the back of Sherlock’s neck once before bringing his other arm around Sherlock, drawing him in for a hug.
“Anal plugs, large.”
“Just do it already,” Greg said a little breathlessly. Without further ado, Mycroft brought Greg’s lips gently to his and held them there, still for a moment. Then Greg started to move, first his lips against Mycroft’s, and then his hand curling into the lapel of Mycroft’s suit jacket. It was like all Mycroft’s nerve endings had come alive and were focused on the two points of contact he had with Greg. He leaned out of his chair, pushing Greg farther into his and putting himself over top of Greg. They pulled away after a minute, both catching their breath. Greg’s pupils were blown wide. “We’re lucky to have found a compatible partner in such a short range of people,” he said between pants.
Sherlock found himself once again in front of the mirror, this time trying to tousle his hair in that particular way that would irk his mother. He and Mycroft were preparing to leave for their weekly dinner with their parents. Every Friday, the brothers would make the drive from their downtown flat to their parents’ house on the outskirts of the city in order to satisfy their mother’s constant need to see them.
John was seeing red. Sally had returned back upstairs from her smoking break in a frenzy, ranting about a young kid outside who’d told her Sherlock was in trouble. She’d hardly made any sense as she babbled urgently that they all had to go immediately. Lestrade had to calm her down and ask her to start over before they fully understood the situation. John was on his feet, knocking his chair over in the process and out the door before Sally even finished. He didn’t even grasp his coat before storming out. When he reached the outside he immediately recognized Charlie, who was still standing out front. The boy had a panicked air about him but looked relieved to see John for once.
“Knew you’d figure it out Sherlock.. Knew you’d find me.. Never doubted…” He rasped out, coughing a bit from the stain of speaking, grimacing in pain as the action aggravated his broken ribs.
Papers dropped on the floor, dates on top of the pages several days old – behind on work
your fault."
“Of course I don’t John. On the contrary, I found the gesture very sweet and endearing.” The detective said and kissed his doctor again.
Sherlock sighed heavily, closed his eyes and gave himself a few seconds to mentally go over his body’s current state before answering. “My head hurts.. I feel dizzy, it feels like the room is spinning.. A bit sore.. I’m really nauseated and.. my troath hurts and feels raw.” He answered, still with his eyes closed. He opened them again quickly as the dizziness felt less severe when he had a focal point, he chose John to be that focal point. “What happened?” He then asked softly, his voice still low and a bit puzzled.
“Mrs. Hudson?!” He calls again more forcefully this time followed by a louder knock on the door.
“Oh God!” Sally cried on the other side of the door followed by the sound of desperate scratching on the wood. “Sherlock?! Get me out of here pleasepleaseplease.. I can’t breath get me out!!” Sally whimpered pounding on the door.
Greg Lestrade raced across the harbour and skidded to a halt in front of the large industrial building Mycroft had informed him of. Right behind him a whole caravan of police cars followed and a single helicopter was flying in from above, circling the perimeter. Mycroft stood outside, standing next to his black car, the young woman who always accompanied him next to him. Both looking worse for wear, especially Mycroft.
John thought to himself and stepped a tad closer, his hands lowering from Sherlock’s face to gently rest on each of the detective’s sides. He made sure not to go too low and still kept his hands in a respectful height, but low enough to make his intension clear. “Yes, I do.. I think Frodo loved Sam from the moment he saw him, but always been too scared to ruin their friendship to act on it.”
Sherlock did not need to repeat that as John immediately feel asleep. His breathing heavy and regular, looking pain free and peaceful.
John hurried to complete his text to Sherlock, reminding him to wipe down the dinner table before starting his experiment. He’d just finished and pocketed his mobile when Lestrade returned from the bar with two big pints in his hands and joined John at the table.
Sally also only ever smoked when drinking and the last couple of times she’d joined the rest of the division for drinks after hours, Sherlock and she would often keep each other company outside while enjoying their shared guilty pleasure. She’d actually begun to enjoy their little smoke affiliated talks. Ever since Sherlock had saved her from her claustrophobic panic attack a few months ago and she later found out to what extremes he’d gone to make sure the guilty party would never pull such a stunt on her again (John had told her), the sergeant and detective’s bond had been growing stronger day by day. Now that they weren’t busy being at each other’s throat all the time Sherlock had finally acknowledged that he did consider her above average intelligence and that he did find her work both competent and proficient. She on the other hand had admitted to how jealous she’d always felt of Sherlock’s ability to read a crimescene like an open book and how he could notice the smallest of details and make connections where other couldn’t, out of seemingly nothing. So now, when they both adjoined for a smoke Sherlock would deduce people or scenery outside and then tutor her in his deductive method. She’d leaned more from Sherlock Holmes in crimescene analysis than she’d leaned after years in the academy and she had become a much better cop for it.
The police and ambulance’s sirens and blinking blue lights filled the usual darkness and silence at the abandoned industrial harbour district, where Sherlock had determined the DI was being held. Mycroft’s unit together with Scotland Yard’s were in the middle of the extraction of the DI. Luckily the facility wasn’t heavily guarded. Besides Lestrade’s location Sherlock and the Yard had also been able to track down the whereabouts of the Syndicate’s top leaders where most of the organization’s security would be. Several other actions around the city was now also in progress right at this moment, to capture and shut down the entire ring. Once again Mycroft had offered the government’s full support to make it possible.
“Oof.. Off.. Get away from me..” He forced out as loudly as he could, but just barely managing a whisper pushing and swatting away at the figure before him.
Usually John was patience as a saint with Sherlock, but at this moment he was exhausted, sore and freezing and therefor his patience was becoming a little thin by this point.
Christian picked up on his difficulties. “Ah sorry about my mate here, he’s had one too many I’m afraid. I’d like a dark IPA please.” He answered in Sherlock’s stead and placed one of his hands on the detective’s shoulder, looking like nothing more than a good mate offering his support to his drunken friend. The bartender nodded and immediately filled a glass and placed it on the bar as Christian threw him a note and told tender to just keep the change.
“Hmmpf, it was child’s play, next time you have a case for me please make sure it’s actually worth my time.”
“Give it here!”
Davis at least seemed to be a bit embarrassed after the detective’s rant, but found himself unable to change his standpoint and face the humiliation of admitting his misjudgement and apologizing. So instead he did the only other thing he could think of. “Oh God, are you guys gay too? How disgusting.” He sneered.
“Hey mate, the woman said ‘no’ why don’t you just get up and move along now?” Anderson said, his voice deep and serious. He was better at this than John expected. John stood up and turned around to face his ‘challenger’. For once being smaller than Anderson seemed like a good thing and John refrained himself from puffing himself up, letting his loose jumper hide his muscled upper body, successfully making himself seem small and puny.
Sherlock’s only response was to turn his head and glaring eyes further away from John and continuing his silence in an attempt to completely ignore the doctor’s presence.
Sherlock tried to protest and wiggle free, but Christian’s hold was way too strong for him to break and his voice wasn’t carrying as his entire being succumbed further and further to the effects of the drugs.
His right eye was swollen shut, a busted lip and a badly bruised left cheek. A dried steam of blood fell from his left temple down his face, presumably from when he was knocked out. His usual blazer was nowhere to be seen, but his dress shirt was ripped mostly opened, showing more severe bruises on his upper torso as well as a few cigarettes burns near his right shoulder.
“Oh he’s in the kitchen finishing dinner, I hope you’re hungry dear.” Mrs. Hudson chimed cheerfully.
John made his way back from the bar, balancing a pint of his own and a double finger of whiskey for Sherlock. John was surprised his boyfriend wanted to come along to a get-together for Lestrade’s homicide division, but he didn’t complain. It actually seemed like Sherlock was starting to ease up to the rest of the yarders and not just tolerating them. When John had asked him if he wanted to come along tonight Sherlock had held his eyes a few seconds before shrugging. “Sure, would be nice to get out for a bit.” surprising the doctor, but in a pleasing way.
“My bad.. Guess you had an idea after all..” John sighed followed by a low moan as Sherlock hit a tender spot right under his shoulder blade.
They finally reach Lestrade and bent over the stretcher, careful not to stand in the paramedics’ way too much as they worked. Despite his obvious exhaustion and pain the DI still managed the smallest smile as he saw two familiar faces.
A harsh chill overtook him as he distantly heard something being ripped apart, making it harder to breath for a few seconds.. The repulsing wetness now latched onto his cold chest, sucking and licking.. He once again tried futilely to push back against the firm weight that was holding him in place, but he didn’t think his efforts were even noticed, let alone working..
I apologize that there probably are several mistakes in here and as you also might have noticed, commas aren’t my strong suit either. I hope it hasn’t been too bad though and that you all enjoyed this last chapter :)
“He’s just being modest, he plays absolutely beautifully.” John chimed in from Sherlock’s side.
“Aw come on Sherlock, you have to admit that even you were almost at a lost when that necklace wasn’t in the safe.”
Anderson’s smile widened significantly at the question. “Great, perfect really! We’re traveling to Austria together next week to go skiing. We’ve rented his amazing cabin near the resort. I know it sounds crazy but we’ve actually talked about moving in together in the near future. It just feels so right with her. I don’t think I’ve ever felt this way about anyone before.” He explained eagerly, his smile only growing bigger as he talked.
The detective ended the long piece with one final drawnout note and carefully placed his instrument back into its’ protective casing. His head always felt clearer after playing his heart out. His musings had now resulted in a sudden urge to join his doctor in bed. However, he didn’t get the chance to proceed on his want as a soft, but determined knock sounded at the door. He hadn’t heard the ascending steps on account of being so thoroughly engulfed in his playing, but at once his mind started deducing;
“Would somebody please call a bloody ambulance already?!” John called out loudly, now holding on to the limp form of Sherlock Holmes in his arms.
The car parked right in front of the entrance to the opera and the chauffeur quickly got out to open the door for the detective due, letting them out on the red carpet leading up the grand stairs. John almost felt like a royalty. This night had started out very well indeed!
“Seriously, what part of ‘not interested’ is it you don’t understand?!” He asked annoyed. Relationally he knew he shouldn’t humour the man anymore and just ignore him, but the few drinks he’d already had probably made him a bit more provocative than he normally would be.
From his place down on the ground John then witnessed a sight he’d never thought possible. Sherlock and Sally shared a small smile between them and he couldn’t help himself.
Sherlock nodded. “I am now.” He answered before he fitted the DI with a serious look. “And I want to thank you. John told me what you did, in that alley. You made him confess to his actions and what he’d drugged me with. It might have saved my life.” He said, his voice sincere and grateful.
“Good, that’s good John. Keep going.” Sherlock encouraged, his voice still quivering slightly.
“Then what the hell is the bloody problem?” John exclaimed loudly, not able to keep his frustration with Mycroft bottled up.
“Not your fault – it was my own choice to stay with you even though it was obvious you could have handled it by yourself.”
Jackson chewed his bottom lip in thought for a moment before answering. “Yeah.. And I think I know just how to do it.”
“.. Yes.” Mycroft simply stated, his eyes unblinking.
“I’m going to count to three and then you follow me okay? Keep close and keep low!” John whispered, making sure to still portray a certain calmness. It wouldn’t do him any good to have a panicked British government on his hands.
And with that Sherlock found himself being turned around and slammed right back into the cold, jagged stonework so fast it made the whole world tilt of its axis and his forehead bounce painfully off the it’s surface, even as he tried to catch himself with his arms sprawled against the cold exterior.
“Thanks and sorry I was such an idiot. It’s just, you’re really beautiful and I just couldn’t help myself.” The man said sheepishly and rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment.
“Sarah giving you a hard time at the clinic?” Sherlock stated more than asked.
John’s eyes furrowed with confusion. Sherlock’s usually so articulate and elegant in both his speech and demeanour, that to render him into a muttering mess and apparently only able to speak in short one-words sentences was no less than a near impossible feat.
“Having some problems doctor?” Sherlock smirked and held the doctor’s eyes through the mirror in front of them.
Sherlock and John exited the cab as it drove up the impressive driveway to stop in front of a giant luxuries London villa. John tried, but failed to suppress a wince as the simple action caused another twinge of pain to flare out in his left shoulder, centring in his scar. This of course didn’t go unnoticed by Sherlock who eyed his lover with worry.
Ethan was steadily turning a rather alarming shade of red before he turned around to storm out the door. “Fuck this shit! I’m going back to the office. This is a freaking madhouse!” He yelled as he disappeared down the stairs.
Sherlock’s protest end efforts to wiggle free from the man doubled for a few seconds at those words, but he was quickly subdued by a rough shake from the tall man.
John was confused at first, that didn’t sound like activities Sherlock would volunteer to do at all! What was happening? But just as his mind wondered Sherlock suddenly sprang into action, as when he suddenly realised some important detail or made a startling deduction. The detective leaped to him and gripped his arms tightly, his expression suddenly very serious and grave. “That’s right! John! Go upstairs and find you medical bag, you need to look at Mrs. Husdon, she’s unwell! I wanted to call you earlier, but she wouldn’t let me.” He said, worry evident in his voice.
Tonight, however Greg didn’t say much and at times looked to be deep in thought, another sign that something was troubling the man, as Lestrade always put his friends as his highest priority when together. All these observations lead John to clear his throat and lean minutely closer to his friend, his arms open and leaning with his elbows on the table, to show Greg he was there and listening before asking his next question. “Are you alright Greg? You seem a bit..” John chewed his lip a moment, searching for the right word. “Distracted.” He finished tentatively.
The man cried out as he was roughhoused, but did not offer anything up.
“Oh my God.. What a relief! I was so sure something terrible had happened. Guess I should’ve known. You aren’t exactly the crying type. You must think I’m an idiot.” John laughed, just so reified that it was all just a big misunderstanding on his part.
Mrs. Hudson made a noise of disapproval. “Sherlock no, there’s really no need to bother poor John. I’m fine really, don’t worry about silly old me.”
Sherlock exited the shower feeling much better, but still able to feel the cold which had settled for the night deep in his bones and making him shiver as the stepped out from the hot sprays into the chilled room. Wanting to get dry and warm he quickly reached for the towel John had been kind enough to lay out for him and wrapped it around his shoulders. But as he did this he found the towel to be surprisingly warm and comfortable, making the chill in the room feel much more bearable. He pulled the soft fabric tighter around himself, enjoying the warmth he received from.“God, I have the greatest boyfriend in the entire world!” Was Sherlock's only thought as he stood, Just enjoying the wondrous feeling a little while longer.
Ethan Davis could only offer a frightened nod in response.
This didn’t calm Sherlock at all. On the contrary, the detective almost leaped to his feet and started to pace in a tight circle. Something he usually only did when a case, in which time was of the essence, put him under extreme pressure. “I don’t understand.. Sam and Frodo have been best friends for centuries! How can this Gollum creature undo all that by just a few calculated, manipulative moves? Sam has his flaws sure, but..” Sherlock paused, a single tear making its way down one of his cheeks before continuing; “Sam and Frodo belong together, they work
Again Anderson nodded.
“And he got away?” John guessed.
"You're absolutely brillant, I love you John."
He soon finished though, straightening out with a satisfied smirk on his face as he admired his work before he looked to John with a smug attitude. “Don’t act so surprised John. Cooking and baking is after all little else than applied chemistry, it’s no wonder I’m a genius at that too.”
“Please Greg.. I.. I don’t want to lose him.. I don’t know what’ll do without him anymore… I know I don’t deserve forgiveness for my actions tonight and I don’t expect to find it either.. But please, I need to tell him how sorry I am.. I need to tell him that.. I love him… Please, tell me where he is, let me go to him..” Sherlock finished, no longer able to look the DI in the eyes.
“Thank you doctor, you being here probably saved this boy.” One of the paramedics said. “We’ll take him to the hospital for observation and further examination.”
“I know it’s a heart Sherlock, but we had a deal, remember? The fridge is for food ONLY!! No more organs or limps in the bloody fridge!!!” John growled out, not able to hold back the slight anger he felt at the moment.
“What? No! Forget it, I’ll leave okay. I’ll go back to America I promise, but I’m not moving to freaking India!!”
“Listen I know that you’re.. upset.. But we’ll just have to put this evening behind us. We’ll catch him next time.” John tried to sound reassuring, even though he knew it was unlikely to work.
Greg straightened his posture a bit. “It’s no big deal really, I’m being silly.”
“John.. Are sure? Maybe I should stay?” The detective asked, not wanting to leave John.
“You know for a so called genius you’re the biggest bloody idiot at times you know that?” Lestrade added as he placed a gentle hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and started leading him towards his parked car.
Ever his anchor, John was the one to pull him out of his head. “Sherlock? Sherlock don’t disappear into your head right now. What did you learn from the video? How can we save Greg?” He asked, his own voice one of steeled resolve.
John’s lips thinned as he continued to look around the room. “Nah, I don’t think so. I think he’s been away longer than that.” He said, feeling a little guilty that he hadn’t actually registered how long Sherlock had been gone in his rather tipsy state, only that it’d been a fair amount of time by now.
John let out a humourless laugh. “My God you really do know how to over dramatize things. I don’t know, 6 maybe 7 months I think? I don’t keep that much track, all I know is that I’ve never been happier than I am with Sherlock right now.”
John eyed Sherlock for a few seconds, debating whether he should give in to the detectives request or not. He however nodded in acceptance, Sherlock deserved to know what had happened and began from the beginning of their evening…
“Right then.” Sherlock said as he took his place at Molly’s side. “What will you have me do boss?” He asked playfully, successfully drawing a small laugh from Molly.
John’s eyes widened as he finally understood what was going on and the reason for Sherlock’s unusual behaviour. The doctor couldn’t help the grin slowly spreading on his face.
“She fainted John! I found her collapsed on the floor!” Sherlock interrupted and pointed to the spot where he’d found his landlady earlier in the day.
Instead Sherlock chuckled and leaned his head to rest against the soft wool of John’s sweater, his eyes closed.
5ft 6in person judging by the placement of the knock, most likely male.
Claire nodded firmly, but not making any more eye contact. “Yes miss.” She almost whispered.
Charlie stood slightly speechless from all the sudden attention from his foster parents but answered non the less. “N-No.. I’m alright, really. I’m sorry I scared you.. I just..” He looked up to Sherlock who gave him a soft nod in encouragement to go on. “I ran away because.. I heard you talking downstairs. About finding me another family to live with.. And I was so sad because, I really like it here with you and I really want to stay, please?! I will try to do better in the feature just please don’t send me back.” Charlie pleaded, a few tears once again escaping his eyes as he spoke.
Sherlock bent down to help John up where he lay on his back, still slightly out of breath, but feeling more like himself again. It wasn’t until Sherlock helped him into a sitting position that he had to grit his teeth and clench his eyes shut when a sharp pain shot through the left side of his ribcage.
Charlie immediately knew this was very, very,
There were a few moments of hurried scuffles on the other side before the door was practically ripped open by both Margareth and Robert Hadley. They hardly acknowledged Sherlock’s presents as their eyes quickly fell on Charlie. Both immediately fell to their knees and embraced the boy into their arms, Mrs. Hadley sobbing in relief; “Oh gods Charlie my boy! We’ve been so worried about you! I went to check on you before bed and you were just gone!! Never scare me like that again!!”
I don't know if all the medical references in this chapter is 100% correct, but is written with my best knowledge. Hope you enjoy!
“Yes John quite right, I admit I have been crying.” Sherlock paused to take the clean tea towel and rubbed it over his face, especially around his eyes, before he continued.
"I love you too.. So much John.. So much..." The detective mumbled into the chest in front of him. He had never thought he would hear anyone utter those words to him.. People always called him a freak, queer and unloveble.. But John had said it and meant it.. John loved him.. And he loved John.
“Only because I’ve allowed it, believe me I can easily make it much harder on you.” John said in a very calm and low voice, that somehow just made his statement even more unnerving.
“You’re going to freeze Sally.” Sherlock said, but still adjusted the temporary pillow under John’s head to make him as comfortable as possible.
“Are you alright? John?! Are you injured, did he hit you?” Mycroft asked feebly.
The cameraman spoke once again. “You see that dear Scotland Yard? If our full stock isn’t returned to us within the next 48 hours as instructed we will release your DI, but it will be piece by piece.”
The rest of the was spent in lazy content. Sherlock had played his violin for some time, updated his website on tobacco ashes and started a few new experiments involving acids different reaction patterns on various surfaces and textiles. John had spent his day writing up their case and updated it to his blog, sorted through some paperwork that had mounted up from his clinic hours and even dug out some of his old jumpers he no longer wore, to let Sherlock experiment on. The smile Sherlock had offered him had been payment enough and John had felt his heart swell as he watched his detective study the test samples intensively. He’d however soon forced himself to look away. Lately he’d found himself staring more and more at Sherlock. John had grown incredibly aware of how everything Sherlock did, he did with beauty. Whether it being parading around a crime scene being brilliant or when played his violin or as now, when he was bent over his microscope working on his experiments. John doubted Sherlock knew, but whenever he was this deeply involved in his research his tongue would peak out just ever so slightly at the corner of his mouth and it was the most ridiculously adorable thing John had ever witnessed in his life.
“OI!! LET GO OF HIM!!!”
And John knew he was being silly, but he still found himself more at ease by Sherlock’s sweet words. Of cause he shouldn’t care – Sherlock was the only one who mattered. As long as he was happy John was happy.
John nodded. He still couldn’t be absolute certain, but it was a well based theory and the best he had to go on for now until the ambulance would arrive. John looked over to Sherlock, who’d stayed silent during the whole ordeal, but it was clear he wasn’t unaffected, his eyes filled with worry for the young boy.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “That was wasn’t ‘nothing’ John and I’m sure Dimmock thinks the same.”
“But I heard you crying, I can see you have been crying and for a while too. There’s no point in denying it Sherlock. I know you don’t like to show weakness, but this is me you know. You can tell me love, I promise I wo..” But John got silenced before he could finish his sentence, by one of Sherlock’s long fingers on his lips.
“How are you feeling?” John asked as he took a hold of Sherlock’s hand again as soon as he could.
“Sherlock, are you alright?”
He and Sherlock had assisted Lestrade and his division in an all-out man hunt on the middle-aged vice CEO of a big car dealership, Robert Singer. Singer had revealed himself as a vicious and racist serial killer. Apparently, he’d been laid off from his job one week ago, when a young afro American man had been offered his position. This had resulted in a sudden and violent killing spree. In the last week Singer had killed 3 people of colour, seemingly with no interest in their age, gender of social status. If they were black, he killed them. In John’s opinion, this was the lowest form of crime anyone could commit and only wished for the chance to wring the bastard’s neck himself.
John had almost thought his day would never end but finally it did and now the doctor couldn’t wait to come home to his boyfriend and at last spend some quality time with him. As John reached the top of the stairs about to enter their flat his head was filled with thoughts of hot tea, a warm fireplace and maybe a nice takeaway dinner. Afterwards he planned to whisk his detective off to the bedroom or maybe he would simply pull down all the couch pillows and blankets and take Sherlock right there in front of the burning fireplace. Yes he would definitely do that. There was something completely irresistible about the thought of light and shadow playing across Sherlock’s pale skin while listening to the sound of the rains soft spatter on the window outside. They wouldn’t be able to hear it for long though as it was sure to be drowned out by the detective’s moans and gasp of pleasure. John would make sure of that.
Sherlock was already pulling on his Belstaf before throwing one of John’s older Parka jackets at Dexter to put on. “Where is he?” He asked determined as they started a rapid decent down the stairs.
Everybody cheered loudly at the news and soon after, true to their word, Delta team evacuated the building. Two men carrying the DI’s limp form into the cool night air straight towards one of the awaiting ambulances.
Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly and laughed lightly.
“Ah, Mr. Davis. Good evening.” The suited man said in a thick British accent.
Sherlock simply looked back with a gaping mouth and a look mixed of worry and alarm. “Dozed
Sherlock pushed on. He knew deep inside of himself that this conversation would either make or break them. This was his only chance to win back and keep John Watson or lose him forever.
“Oh my I get that’s my cue. Tell me, where are you seated?” André asked quickly.
Little did he know his day was just about to get worse as DI Dimmock walked towards him, a huge stack of files in his arms, that were unceremoniously dumped on his desk.
John wrapped his own arms around Sherlock’s frame and returned the kiss with passion.
Charlie looked up into Sherlock’s eyes. “What if they really don’t want me to stay?” Charlie asked softly, his eyes big and glazed.
John clapped his hands once. “Awesome. How about you swing around tomorrow morning? I planned on going anyway and we’ll get started.” John asked and Greg nodded.
“Charlie.” Sherlock called out over the wind.
Sally frowned. “I need my bag.. My jacket..” She countered.
“Lead the way sergeant.” John said cheerfully.
At these words John breaks down in sobs again and burries his face back into Sherlock's purple shirt. Sherlock simply holds his love tightly until the sobs slowly dies. He then helps his John into their shared bedroom and holds him throughout the night as well.
“Don’t I always?” Sherlock asked, a smile evident in his voice.
“That’s really not necessary.” Sherlock grunted.
Now one of the new officers spoke up. “Excuse me Mr. Holmes, but if it was the shopkeeper’s son, then wasn’t it a bad idea to park the police car in front of the shop? Aren’t we risking the offender noticing it?”
Sherlock didn’t even offer him a single glance, much less an answer. Anger still brewing strong, but silently under the surface.
“I didn’t.” Sherlock simply replied and took another drag from his drink.
“I may’ve had a slight hiccup when negotiating with the Russian KGB. They did apparently not appreciate my resent attempt to feed them a false intel to gain the upper hand in several worldwide operations. They did offer rather specific threats on how they’d deal with the likes of me.” Mycroft explained with a certain calm, but the fear John saw in his eyes betrayed him.
Charlie hesitated for a few moments, but finally took Sherlock’s hand and let himself be helped down from the ledge. Sherlock and Dexter both let out a silent sigh of relief. The detective immediately put his arm around the shoulder of the boy and held him close both to comfort Charlie who’d started shaking, but in some way also to comfort himself to make sure he really was safe as all three started to make their way down the stairs of the warehouse to catch a late night cab to deliver Charlie safely back to his foster parents.
The man blinked confused as few times before he tried again.
They quickly located Charlie who was busy bashing everything in his way with a steal pipe he must have picked up somewhere. Currently he was working on destroying on of the buildings many titanium chimneys. The boy was heaving and grunting with the effort, swinging with all his might, each hit echoing loudly into the wind. It was obviously an attempt to let out his frustrations and sadness that was etched so clearly in his entire person. Charlie didn’t even realise he was no longer alone he just kept on his oneman rampage.
Sherlock hadn’t uttered a single word since he had arrived, he only sat motionless in the armchair with what would for most people seem like an emotionless mask, but John wasn’t most people. He knew Sherlock better than anyone else and he could easily see the hurt and anguish that lay hidden in those bright eyes.
Apparently not, as Sherlock for the first time of the evening jumped up from his chair before taking two long strides towards John, taking great advantage of his impressive height to tower over the smaller doctor and looking him straight in the eyes. His own roaring with anger and glaring dangerously.
Lestrade honestly didn’t know if John would listen to Sherlock. John was known in the entire Scotland Yard as being as patience as a saint and at the same time conveying such authority and bravery that he had rightfully earned an absolute level of admiration and respect from all the men in the department. John had endured war, injury and horrors far beyond what most men could even imagine and until now Lestrade and all others would have guessed the doctor was as good as unbreakable. But John had looked so wrecked and damaged when the DI had picked him up. In the end it hadn’t been the war, wound or terrors that had made the great John H. Watson crumble, but just a few spite words from Sherlock Holmes and that may just proof how much John valued the detective in his life. But God, Lestrade had never seen Sherlock look this helplessly sad and guilty. Sociopath his ass! Right now Lestrade was sure of one thing, which was that Sherlock Holmes loved John Watson and that John Watson loved Sherlock Holmes. A duo of two remarkable individuals that worked so much better together than either of them did alone. Lestrade nodded in understanding and patted his friend on the back in an attempt to reassure him a little. He sure as hell hoped this would work out for the better.
“I’ll see you tonight okay love. Remember to behave!” The doctor scolded in a teasing tone while putting his jacket back on preparing to leave.
“No nothing hurt, except my pride of course.” Greg answered, then shaking his head in frustration. “It’s just.. I’m a D.I. I’m in the field all the time. I used to be able to handle myself pretty well, but as I’ve gotten older it’s just been downhill.” Greg emptied the rest of his beer in one go and put the glass back down. “It won’t be long until an old lady will be able to take me out with her handbag.” He muttered darkly.
She might not be Johns favourite person in the world and she’d been even more aggressive and bad tempered with Sherlock than usual during this case. John found himself to be both surprised and grateful that Sherlock for once hadn’t retorted her harsh words as he usually would. Despite what Donovan or any other member on the force thought of the detective, he was more than capable to feel empathy and understand people when they found themselves in difficult situations. Sherlock was probably even more aware of Sally’s difficulties, in dealing with the emotional stain this case was putting on her, than most of her colleagues. Therefor holding his own tongue during this time.
Sally returned from lunch with sigh as she saw the stack of papers waiting for her at the desk. She sat heavily on the chair and reached for her pen, only to notice it had disappeared. She looked around her desk area but couldn’t find it. She looked under the desk and around it to see if it had dropped to the floor, but it wasn’t there either. Her annoyance was already growing rapidly, but she forced herself to take a calming breath and opened the drawer where the spare pens were stored, but that too was empty. She felt her cheeks grow hot with anger, she was sure there’d been a whole bunch of spares when she went to lunch, someone was clearly making a mockery out of her and she wasn’t having it! She slammed both her hands forcefully down and jumped to her feet, almost knocking the deskchair over in the process. She strode right back out into the bullpen and openly exclaimed.
“It’s good to see you André, I can see you’ve done well for yourself these past years.” Sherlock said while still in the midst of their embrace.
“Wow, that a freaking wuss that guy is.” A voice exclaimed loudly in the room. Immediately everyone turned to their new colleague on the force, Ethan Davis, who stood leaned up against a wall with his arms crossed and a smug, taunting smile on his face. Sherlock, for once, felt completely dumbstruck at the absolute and utterly horrendous accusation that vile man had just dared to say out loud.
“Better?” Sherlock whispered from somewhere above, never stopping the caress of his hands through John’s soft hair.
Sherlock could hear her frantic breathing and the utter desperation in her voice. He didn’t have to be a consulting detective to figure out Sally was having a fullblown panic attack behind the door. He’d seen John have them a few times before. How PTSD and flashbacks would still haunt his poor doctor when certain triggers happened. Sherlock knew just how awful things could escalate and this was something he wouldn’t wish to happen to his worst enemy, Donovan included.
“This is getting ridiculous. We shouldn’t allow her to treat us like this.” Roberson half whispered.
“Sorry Sherlock.. You must think me so weak.. A soldier isn’t supposed to cry..”
“Talk to me John, where is the pain most intense?” Sherlock asked in a gentle voice.
“Finished, by tonight – or else!” Dimmock barked out harshly one last time and then continued on his way without looking back.
Lestrade just growled; “Right now I’m not a fucking cop, right now I’m a fucking angry bloke who wants to make this filthy scum tell me what the hell he’s drugged my friend with! So..”
Suddenly Sherlock’s mind was flooded with uncoherent images and sensations from the night’s events. It was like a floodgate had opened in his head. Now he remembered being in the bar with John, Greg, Sally and other yarders and he remembered going downstairs to get John and him another round. He remembered ‘the man’, although his face was a fuzzy blur in his memory. He remembered the moment he realised himself he’d been slipped something in his drink. But after that everything seemed like a blurry mess. Like remembering a dream right after waking up, not being able to recall the details. He could vaguely remember being half carried off somewhere, not having any idea how much time and distance had been covered when a vile sensation of a wet tongue being plunged into his mouth, his shirt being ripped open, the wetness trailing down his chest, his pants being pulled down.. The feeling of helplessness and dread of what he’d known would had been coming next. Sherlock pulled at the collar of his hospital gown and looked franticly down his pale chest. It was littered with bitemarks and hickeys. He was starting to hyperventilate slightly, but managed to rasp out. “I’m gonna be sick..”
John's smile grew in size.
“Oh John, don’t be stupid.. These tears aren’t a sign of you being weak.. It’s simply a sign that you’ve been strong for too long…” Sherlock whispered into his lover's ear and tightened his hold around him further.
John was just about to make another comment when the sound of quickly approaching footsteps and an unmistakably voice came up from behind them.
Sherlock’s eyes seemed to fill with even more guilt at that particular memory before he added with a small voice;
it affected Sherlock more than he was willing to let on.
“Let’s face it John, they’re right. I am a freak, misfit a weirdo... Psycopath... I do not seem to fit in anywhere.. I’m..I'm  just not.. Normal…”
John helps out with Anderson's lovelife and is in general an awesome friend and wingman.
But Lestrade clearly wasn’t having any of it as the man growled fiercely and forcefully gripped the labels of Sherlock’s coat before slamming him against the wall, hard enough to knock the breath momentarily out of the detective.
“Bloody hell..” John cursed softly between his teeth. “The Bastard must have grazed my side with his sidemirror.” He finished. He just hadn’t felt it in his adrenaline fuelled state. Now as the adrenaline wore off he could feel the pain starting to blossom fiercely across his chest region. He definitely had some broken ribs, of that he was sure.
He knocked one more time for good measure but didn’t wait for a reply before he nudged the door open to the kitchen with a greeting. “Evening. What’s all this commotion down here?” He asked with a smile in his voice. As soon as he opened the door a lovely smell of bakery reached met him. “And what is it that smells so good?”
Sherlock entered through the buildings automatic doors and was immediately making a face of displeasure as he was hit head on with a dense heat, carrying the scents of sweat and the disinfectant used to clean the machines, which always accompanied a gym. Just one more reason Sherlock usually tried to avoid these establishments. How John could stand to breath in his humid and foul air for long periods of time was beyond him.
“You have no bloody idea.” John mumbled tiredly.
Sherlock swallowed a few times, processing all this information. “That’s.. Good. Tell her thanks from me next time you see her.” He said, trying and suspecting failing, at hiding how moved he felt by both the DI’s and sergeant’s actions.
John went back to quietly waiting for Sherlock to bring him the coffee and Lestrade to return from evidence. Five minutes ticked by before Sherlock returned, true to his word, with to large cups of steaming hot coffee.
Sherlock was clearly trying to fight off a thick drug haze. The detective was conscious, but only partial responsive. His eyes were going in and out of focus, his blinks were slow and sluggish as was his whole demeanour overall. While Sally’s voice hadn’t brought on much of a reaction John’s voice however seemed to break through in some way.
“Someone ought to teach that Donovan a lesson, show her we aren’t just her minions to treat and berate as she pleases.” Robertson said and gestured with a sharp indexfinger to mark his point.
“What the hell man?!!” Ethan exclaimed furiously and took to his now sore cheek.
Charlie is a troubled young boy in the homeless network. Sherlock comes to his aid when the boy needs it the most
As if sensing John’s discomfort, Sherlock caught his eyes and smiled softly before leaning down to plant a soft kiss on a tan cheek.
I hope it was worth the wait and again sorry for the delay!
And with that the atmosphere in the room lifted once again. Mrs. Hudson brought up the lukewarm scones and John made another pot of tea to go around the room. Sherlock sat there, tea in his hands. Just a few years back he’d never dared to dream he’d ever be blessed or deserving enough to be surrounded by friends and loved ones like this. But at this moment he felt more loved and protected than he’d ever done in his entire life and he knew no matter what might happen in the future, he would be surrounded by people who’d fight to keep him safe and happy, as much as he would them.
“Right, follow me. I’ll show what we got so far.” Sally answered with determination as she made her way out the door, Sherlock and John hot on her heels.
Sherlock was wearing glasses. The frame was a slick classic design. Simple, tasteful and colored black which only resulted in pulling out the incredibly blue-green eyes that John loved so dearly. Furthermore, the frame complimented and enhanced the already sharp cheekbones and stunningly facial structure Sherlock already possessed.
“Yeah well, the truth often hurt doesn’t it…” John spat, not able to contain himself. Sherlock, despite his slim body, was stronger than he looked and although John was much more muscular and stronger than Sherlock under normal circumstances, his shoulder and leg was starting to protest greatly under the stain of trying to keep the door closed. He didn't know how much longer he could keep Sherlock on the other side of the threshold.
“It’s Hall, Sofia Hall.” The woman named Sofia brushed some of her hair behind her ear. “Would you like to join me for a bit mister Anderson, it would be nice to have you close in case that creep decides to come back.”
But he’s still slightly confused and goes to the other side of the coffee table to get a closer on Sherlock. As he faces the detective, John’s heart clenches in his chest when he sees that Sherlock’s eyes are misty with unshed tears, but still fixated on the screen.
“No, Sherlock you're not normal.." Sherlock tensed and tried to pull away when hearing those words escaping even John's mouth, but John didn't allowed him to pull away and quickly continued;
“Good to see you Sherlock. Feeling alright?” Lestrade asked as he eyed the younger man as he took the first sip of his tea.
Sherlock immediately focused. Charlie was a relatively new addition in the network. A very troubled young 14 year old boy. He wasn’t strictly speaking homeless, but had been placed in his fourth foster care home in London 5 months ago. When Charlie’s biological parents hadn’t simply neglected and ignored his existence they’d been both physically and mentally abusive. When authorities had finally stepped in the poor lad had been so affected that he’d acquired deep and profound trust issues to all other parental and authoritative figures, which often resulted in him lashing out either verbally or physically. Most foster homes simply gave up on him and sent him back into the system. Finding it was hard to control or deal with a forceful 14 year old boy.
John finished the set with a final groan of power and placed the bar back on the hinges above his head. He sat up, grabbed his towel to dry off the sweat around his brow and neck and took a big swipe of his water bottle beside the bench. The doctor could already feel the workout endorphins starting to take over. He couldn’t help but feel a bit proud of himself for his progress these past few months as he could tell his intensive workout regime had already payed of in several areas. His stamina had already increased significantly (which would no doubt help him keeping up with Sherlock on their chases across London), but his strength and core training had definitely also paid off substantially. He’d been able to complete more and more repetitions and slowly adding more weight these past months, in all his daily exercises and by now the results were starting to show for real. His arms had gotten bigger and more toned, his chest had gotten more defined, his thighs and calves had become much tighter and hard with muscles and slowly but surely he’d finally been able to regain his six-pack like in army days. John had by no means any plans on starting up a bodybuilder lifestyle, but six months ago he’d looked himself over and not being very pleased with the sight. Of course it was only natural he’d lost a lot of muscle mass since being invalided home from service. He hadn’t been able to keep up a normal workout routine with his bad shoulder and limp like he had when he was still in the military. But since Sherlock had cured his limp and his shoulder finally seemed to have improved, with a lot of help from his physiotherapist and daily exercises, John couldn’t find any excuse not to get back into shape. Despite all his running around with Sherlock he’d gained quite a few extra pounds from their bad habit of ordering takeout. Unlike Sherlock John couldn’t just eat whatever he wanted without it showing. So John had set a goal to work himself into shape like in his military days, a goal he was now close to completing. He figured a few weeks further intensive training and it’d be like he’d never even been shot. Afterwards he’d of course have to keep up a regular training schedule to keep up his current physic, but with a healthy, well balanced diet and with the right programs he’d easily be able keep his visits to the gym two or three times a week tops and hopefully spend a little more time with his boyfriend. John knew he’d might overlooked Sherlock’s needs a bit much these past few months and he felt bad for doing so, but this had been something John needed to do for himself. He felt like the old John Watson again, confident with his own self-image and abilities, he’d missed that feeling and it felt great to have it back.
Sherlock’s worried voice reached across the room. Even though it was close to two in the morning, Sherlock hadn’t been able to go to sleep before John had returned home, so he had waited up for his boyfriend to return and right now, he was glad he did.
Ethan just barely contained the urge to bang his head against his desk as he picked up the first file to sort through. This day was just getting worse and worse.
John stood up from the bench with a satisfied smile, about to make his way to the leg-press machine when he spotted a tall figure in a long coat and blue scarf up on the walkway above him, eyes glued to him.
As Sherlock wandered down the hall in search of coffee he pulled out his phone to send a quick text to John to let him know he’d be staying late at the hospital. Another habit John had worked hard to teach him as the good doctor has a tendency to worry excessively when not knowing where Sherlock is. Probably a side effect from the two of them experiencing too many kidnappings than should be possible. Granted that Mycroft is behind several of them, but still.
Sherlock blushed a bit.
“Go away Sherlock! Leave me be!!” John shouted and tried once again to shove the door shut even though he already knew it was a futile endeavour.
John climbed into the backseat of Greg’s patrol car and pulled the blankets tighter around himself in an attempt to ward off the cold, but just as he was about to close the door a hand on the doorframe stopped him from doing so. John looked up and found Mycroft looking down at him with a rare look of sheer gratitude evident on his face.
Charlie didn’t jump but stood right there on the edge and looked down on the street below. The wind ruffled his dark brown hair and he looked to be deep in thought.
“Earth to weirdo! It’s not like you did all the work yourself and yet you always take all the credit, don’t you?” The dark haired man said with venom in his voice.
So Sherlock explained everything that had happened, what he had said and done. Halfway through he was surprised to find that it actually helped quite a lot to share the load and burden of his worries and stared to truly pour his heart out to his friend, not hiding his guilt and sorrow and admitting how disgusted he now was with himself for what he had done. As Sherlock rambled on Lestrade slowly started to ease his tight grip until he no longer held the detective pinned against the wall at all.
John climbed the stairs to 221B in a half run, two steps at a time. He’d just spend a gruelling double shift at the clinic. They were in the middle of November and the flu season was in full flourish. Today had been nothing but runny noses, overly concerned mother hens, crying children and generally grumpy patients. As if that wasn’t enough the clinic was extremely understaffed as they too had been affected by the flu and John had unintentionally and unofficially been the one to run the place through this stressful time.
“Of course.” Was the immediate reply.
and placed his phone back in his pocket before practically diving for his coat and scarf. He was grateful for an opportunity to go on a case and at least make John spend the rest of the day with him instead of the goons at the gym. He
But just as the question was spoken the doorbell rang out and Sherlock promptly jumped up to go answer it.
Fact was, Sally had never connected well with most members of the force. No one had ever had any reason to dislike her and many respected her work and resourcefulness as a sergeant, but beside maybe Anderson and DI Lestrade to some degree, no one would use the term ‘friend’ about Sally Donovan. But these last three weeks had been hell for all, not only having to survive the chaos that arose when their DI had been kidnapped, but ever since Donovan had been in charge the workplace had been hell. Acting DI Donovan was short tempered, unorganized and just outright disrespectful and rude towards everyone on the force and it was starting to affect everyone’s mood and performance on the job.
“My, my.. You’re a feisty one aren’t you darling? That’s okay though, I like it a bit rough anyway.” The dark voice snickered from his blurred, faceless assailant.
Sherlock couldn't suppress a smile of his own.
Sherlock’s smile grew and he couldn’t stop the warm feeling spreading in his chest at the sight. With one last caress across the tan cheek and a quick kiss to the temple he whispered;
As he reemerged from his heaving the images continued. Because he also remembered the distinct voice of John, yelling in fury followed by a scuffle which he didn’t see but heard most of. The last thing he remembered was being secure in John’s arms and then.. Nothing..
Beside him Mycroft turned on the light on his phone allowing John to see his face. To the doctor’s surprise, the British Government looked greatly uneased.
“You overslept, sleep deprived from yesterday’s case, having lasted until 4 in the morning.” Sherlock said, feeling slightly guilty for that one since it had been him who had refused to let up the case unsolved and had dragged John across London most of the night. He had known John had to work the next day, but it hadn’t really crossed him to take it into consideration – admittedly, that hadn’t been very a caringly-boyfriend kind of thing to do.
“So..” John started. “You wanna talk about it?” He asked tentatively as he indicated discreetly with his head towards Donovan and her new romantic interest.
“Don’t be disgusting.” A far away voice floated through the air somewhere in front of him.
“Why? Why?!” John shouted, not able to hold back his own anger by this point.
“Hardly sexy John and you can’t grow too used to them, they’re only reading glasses. I won’t be wearing them all the time.”
“You son of a bitch! If I can’t kill Mycroft Holmes, I’ll just have to kill you as my consolation prize!” A jagged man’s voice, with a thick Russian accent, roared above him.
Since then Sherlock and she started a steady routine, once a week he would pop in and Mrs. Hudson would feed him up (sometimes she doubted if he ever ate besides when he was with her). Sometimes she’d let him kip overnight on her couch. Sometimes a handsome silverhaired officer would stop by and look in on Sherlock when he was with her. Sherlocked had started to open up to her more and more over the course of time and Mrs. Hudson came to understand why the poor thing had trustissues. Why she had a half a mind herself to wrench the necks of all those closed minded bastards who’d treated Sherlock so viciously through most of his years. When finally, that nice officer had managed to get Sherlock more or less clean and sober she saw it as her chance to offer Sherlock to rent her upstairs apartment, on the condition that he would stay of the drugs. He had been clean ever since and after he’d met John she’d had the privilege to watch her dear boy grow and thrive so much better both emotionally and physically.
“They’re gone now Sherlock. Come let’s go ho-“ But when John turned around Sherlock were nowhere to be found. Only the tipped over trashcan lay left on the floor where Sherlock had previously been.
“JOHN!!”
Mycroft nodded. “Yes, very well.” He said. As he sat climbed into the backseat of his own car Mycroft dwelled in his reassurance. Knowing that his dear little brother had done right to allow the man, John Watson, into his heart. Because truly he was the bravest, most stupid and greatest man Mycroft had ever had the great honour of knowing and he’d never forget what John Watson had done for him this night.
The man sat back dumbfounded for a few moments, clearly processing the resounding rejection he’d just been thrown in his face. If Sherlock wasn’t so annoyed by his presents, he’d have found it amusing. The man however didn’t stay knocked down for long because he suddenly leaned in closer to the detective and leered with a husky voice.
Sherlock stood up and turned to Sally. “There’s no time to waste. Let’s get to work!” He stated.
45 minutes later all three occupants of 221 Bakerstreet sat together at Mrs. Hudson’s small dinnertable and enjoyed, what indeed was a lovely homecooked meal by Sherlock Holmes. They shared the rest of the wine while John and Sherlock caught Mrs. Hudson up on their latest cases. A round of laughter escaped them all as Sherlock described how a suspect had been caught by John when the man had actually slipped in a bananapeel during his escape.
“Up Sherlock, help me up.” He managed to rasp out.
Christian looked across the bar fleetingly before turning back to the detective. “Looks like the bartender is out restocking so it might still take some minutes for your beer to arrive, here.” He said and stood from his own seat to push it over to Sherlock. “Take a seat for a bit.” He offered with a smile.
Lestrade smiled a tight smile. “I don’t know about that. All I know is.. I really just wanted to kill that guy when I saw what he’d done to you.”
Tear steaks running down both cheeks – he’d defiantly been crying.
“John just saved D.I. Dimmock boy’s life, that’s what.” Sherlock started with a great deal of pride in his voice.
Lestrade huffed in amusement. “Thanks John.. But it takes more than a few punks to get me down..”
Sally supressed her rising panic, now was not the time. She grasped both of the boy’s shoulders firmly. “Wait right here! Don’t you move okay?!! I’m going inside to get some help I’ll be right back!!” She reprimanded sharply. The boy nodded his understanding and she wasted no time hurrying back inside to get backup.
“Yeah you do that mate and see how many will listen to you.” Lestrade dared.
“I need to get out of here. Just.. Get me out.” John murmured, a hint of desperation now underlying his voice. Lestrade and Sherlock shared a look of understanding and Greg wrapped his own arms around John to help the detective.
“Sherlock!” John exclaims, but in a hushed tone as he sits himself close to the other and places a gentle hand on his shoulder. “Sherlock what’s wrong?”
“Come on, It’s still early in the day. I’m sure we can get your eyes tested and get this over and done with right away, quick and painless.” John announced, retrieving both his own and Sherlock’s jackets as well as the brunet’s beloved blue scarf and shoved the items unceremoniously into his lover’s arms.
John shifted his gaze to sergeant Donovan who was pacing impatiently back and forth by the ledge of the sidewalk, isolated a good distance from the rest of the group. Her body language showing a mix of anger, sadness and frustration.  John felt for her. Donovan, as a coloured woman herself, had been affected by this case more than usual and no doubt more than was professionally recommended, but who could blame her.
John felt a little pang of guilt, hearing the clearly hurt tone in his boyfriend's voice.
Mycroft stepped into Ethan’s personal space so they stood almost chest to chest and whispered. “You’re leaving on that plane Mr Davis. Believe me when I say that I’ve shown you an unreasonable amount of kindness in doing this. If it’d been purely up to me, you wouldn’t have been granted this luxurious opportunity. Unfortunately, my little brother seems to be of that conviction that my preferred course of action would displease his partner. So you see, even after the way you treated him John Watson is still a greater and better man than you can ever hope to dream of being. Have I made myself clear?!” Mycroft roared the last few words.
The moment John stepped through the door Sherlock could see it. The way the doctor slumped against the door, his head hanging low, his hands shaking..  That.. And the fact that John’s work shift at the surgery had lasted 18 hours, instead of the usual 8, all added to the conclusion that John Watson had had a more than rough day and night.
