“I’m sorry, Dean. There was a lot of work to be done. We finished the biggest project months ago. But there was still work, and there still is. But we are nearly finished.”
Cas said his goodbyes finally, several hours later, when he realized what the time was back on Earth. But before heading back home to the bunker, he made one stop in paradise. A place not far from the garden, but untouched by anyone else, angel and deceased soul.
Pamela winked at Cas without Dean seeing before turning to the bartender. “Why don’t you take the rest of the night off,” she stated.
Sam stepped in, Dean was sitting on the bed, back to the headboard. Sam stood there awkwardly for a moment before sitting down in the chair in front of the desk. Empty beer bottles and food containers littered the room. He would have normally scolded Dean for this mess, but he understood.
Dean loves his car, but keeping the windows rolled down and alone so often causes her to be rained in and stolen often. Cas can fix that though.
Moving around the bunker by just thinking of the room over and over was getting boring. He had even been practicing while Sam and Cas were gone. He had to stop after the first few hours when Eileen yelled at him for suddenly appearing in front of her for the tenth time in an hour.
“You okay, Cas?” Dean asked, wanting to make sure that he was prepared for what they were about to do.
The night before the wedding and everything was ready to go. The guest that would be traveling to Heaven had been fully informed on how they would be getting there and the safety of the matter. Dean and Cas had discussed the idea of having bachelor parties but in the end they decided to just go into town to a local bar and get drunk and hustle some pool with Sam.
She leaned down to John who sat next to her, whispering for him to stand up to make his speech. He waved her off, sending whispers throughout the roadhouse. John was set in his ways, not caring how much it hurt Dean. Dean wanted badly to stand up and tell his Dad everything he felt in the moment, but Bobby stood up and Dean was able to take his mind off of his father.
Dean leaned in and kissed Cas good morning. He loved kissing Cas. This was their third kiss, and he couldn’t wait to kiss him again.
That day finally came a week after Eileen moved in. Dean was becoming envious of their relationship. He didn’t realize it at first, but soon he knew it was jealousy. Sam recognized this as well. He knocked on Dean’s bedroom door, hoping they’d finally talk.
“So, what about Michael?” Sam asked, curious as to how Adam was without the archangel inside of him.
The next night Dean was able to fall asleep fairly quickly for once. The promise of seeing Jack again helped to relax him. During the day he had been bright and almost cheerful. Sam was shocked to see him like that.
“My death was traumatic for all of us. I thought it would bring forth pain for all of us,” said Cas.
Cas slowed his pace, and leaned down to kiss Dean. The kiss was less heated, and more gentle. Cas pulled out and laid on top of him. Dean wrapped his arms around him, their cocks pressed against each other, now softening in the post orgasm glow.
The angel and the hunter talked for a bit longer before Dean eventually fell asleep. He slept soundly, for the first night all week. No nightmares of losing Cas, no dreams either. Just peaceful sleep. When he woke up the next morning he felt rested.
They made their way to the bathroom to shower. While Cas didn’t need to shower, he could get rid of my dirt and grime with a thought, he did like the idea of being naked with Dean. Dean had made it clear that this was to wash, and he didn’t want it to lead to sex. Dean wasn’t the biggest fan of shower sex. It was uncomfortable and complicated.
The pair ventured into the stable, Cas carefully watching his footing while Dean ignored the ground below him. The angel warned him of any stray nails that might be sticking out of the boards. But Dean ignored the warning as well.
Jack moved his hand and lifted the invisible filter that shielded Castiel’s wings from Dean's vision. Dean closed his eyes, nervous that he would go blind if he opened them. But he had to open them, he had to try to help get the bullet out. And even if he went blind, at least he could see Cas one last time and would be able to see part of his true form.
Chuck took a deep breath. “Fine, Jack. I need to ask them something important about me. I’m human now, thanks to you, and humans die.”
Rachel’s apartment was crowded with people. The music played loudly, filling the place and the hallway outside. Cas weaved his way through the groups of people, trying to find his friends. He found Meg in the kitchen leaning against the back wall arguing with Crowley.
Cas found the paper he was looking for. “This Friday?” He asked. He went to the back, the shop was small so he would still be able to hear her. He came back a moment later with her book.
Cas did just that. Filling Dean again and again. Dean’s mind went blank as he came over and over. The ground below his cock a puddle of come. He didn’t know how long this would last, and he wished it would last forever. Cas cried out his name as if it were a prayer as he slammed into him.
Cas made his way to the front as Hannah walked in, her eyes darting around the shop. “Hello,” he said politely, smiling at her.
“Does she want us to track it down or is she going to handle it?” Cas asked in reply, his head tilting slightly to the side.
Sam continued, “Dean, I know what happened with Jack, as do you. We both know he’s okay. He’s just busy. Chuck left a mess up there, and it’s Jack’s job to fix it. It's going to take time. He’ll be back, he’s family.”
For several years after Cas was taken by the Empty Dean struggled to come up with the words he would say to Castiel when he finally was able to rescue him.
Dean went over to Cas, and gently touched the wing. It moved at his touch and Cas let out a hiss of pain. The hunter pulled his hand back slightly before touching it again, this time more gently. They were incredibly soft, yet felt stronger than steel. He sat down on the chair next to the bed and began to look at the wound.
Sam and Eileen were in the library, they would search there first. Combing through every book on symbols, magic and then some. Trying to find a match to even one of the mysterious symbols on the gun. So far they hadn’t found anything.
Sam beamed at his brother, he was happy for him. Maybe this was it for him, he could finally be happy. He knew Cas was perfect for him, and loved them together.
Cas walked over to Dean’s side of the bed. Dean moved to the other side, giving Cas room. Cas sat down on the bed slowly.
With a snap of Jack’s fingers everyone was back inside the bunker. Cas laid on the floor of the main entrance, Dean was next to him, tears in his eyes trying to figure out how to help him. Jack held the gun that Chuck had used to try to harm him with.
“Cas, I don’t get what you are trying to show me,” Dean said, with a hint of annoyance in his voice.
Dean took a deep breath and stepped back. He closed his eyes and focused all his energy on his wings. He could feel them on his back, they felt heavy but weightless at the same time.
“I thought his wings would be out?” He asked Jack. Dean’s voice made Cas try to move, but it was too painful.
Dean ran his hand down Cas’ back, running his fingers under the waist of his pants moving towards the front. He ran his hand down the front of Castiel’s pants, rubbing his hard cock before unzipping them.
Dean didn’t argue. It was getting late anyways and the trek back to the Impala would be a long one. He knew that Cas would bring Baby back home with them anyways. The next thing he knew he was home in the war room.
What no one knew was that Chuck did have a way to harm the new God. He didn’t have the Equalizer anymore of course. But he did have another weapon, one that he had hidden away on Earth. It couldn’t kill Jack, nor any celestial being. But it could weaken them slowly to the point that they would no longer be able to use their powers, making them human. It was a Fall made of metal.
“Not sure what time exactly.  Sam texted me earlier, said that they were almost done with the case and would be heading home tonight if all goes well. You figure out how to work that site yet?”
“Yeah, same here. But Rowena, get this, has heard the same thing from demons. Or whatever. She’s gonna be coming sometime for us to discuss it with Jack.”
“Actually, if you want you can stay for however long you’d like. I got things under control in Heaven. I’ll call if you are needed,” Jack interrupted.
Sam raised a brow at Dean, this was the first he was hearing of this. He put little Dean down, allowing the toddler to run off within the bunker. Dean put the phone down on the table, turning the speaker on so the three of them could listen.
Cas didn’t answer. Maybe moving out would be for the best, he thought. He looked at Crowley who was making a face towards the entrance of the kitchen, Cas followed his gaze to see Raphaelwalking right towards them with a smile on his face that meant trouble.
The wedding was a week away, Dean and Cas had finished getting everything ready on the Earth side of things. The invitations were sent out, they got their suits, the rings were bought. Well one of them, they decided to have their wedding bands be the same ring that Dean wore on his right hand, he’d just have to switch it. On the Heaven side, Jack sent out the invitations and put together the area in which the ceremony would take place. He refused to tell his Dads, he wanted it to be a big surprise.
“I feel like me, but more powerful. It’s hard to explain, Eileen. It’s as if I have this energy surging through my body, which I do technically, it’s my grace. But other than that, I feel like me, at least right now.”
“What about Billie trying to kill you both was happy?” Asked Sam, bewildered by what Dean was telling him.
The Winchester brothers looked at Jack then at each other. They were both thinking the same thing, that there was no way that Jack could really just talk to Chuck. Even though he was now human, he was still too much of a risk. He had eons of lived experience, he knew a million ways of getting his revenge, if that was what he was here for.
“You two have to tell me all about your trip. To the ends of the universe and back from what I’ve heard.”
“Since I was a teenager, well late teens. She was my Dad’s car, but he gave her to me. One of the only things he gave me that wasn’t a piece of shit apology gift. Though, she probably was now that I think about it.”
“When Jack and I were opening Heaven, Rowena helped us. She found an ancient book of magic in Hell, the magic from it helped us.”
“Why would you be afraid? I thought angels were the ones who made people afraid. You know, the whole ‘be not afraid’ thing.”
“I know, Sammy. It’s not Jack. Though I wish he could answer calls every once in a while. I’m worried about him, but that’s fine. All kids grow up and leave the home one day.”
“Cas, why wouldn’t he? He knows the real you. It doesn’t matter if you are still using Jimmy’s likeness as a vessel. He doesn’t love Jimmy and he’s not into Jimmy. He loves you. I don’t think Dean has ever looked at you and saw Jimmy.”
Morning came quickly for Dean and Castiel. Jack arrived promptly at eight a.m. ready to get everyone to the bunker. After an hour the guests that were going to Heaven had all arrived, and settled after being teleported quickly by Jack one after another. Most didn’t want to do that again.
Castiel rolled his eyes, sighing heavily. “Dean, not ten anus. Tetanus. In your foot. You know what, forget it Charlie. I’m just gonna heal him.”
Dean hugged and thanked her before he grabbed two beers. He handed one to Castiel, telling him to follow him. They sat down at the same table from the night before. Cas was surprised it wasn’t taken given how busy the bar was.
Sam kept sneaking knowing glances at Dean, waiting for his big brother to tell him the news. He knew something was up between Dean and Cas. But also knew that it wasn’t his place to ask out right if they were dating.
“Not sure, shouldn’t be too long now,” stated Cas. He turned to Dean, “We should stop by the cabin while we are up here. If something is coming there’s something there that might help us.”
Jack walked over to Castiel and placed his hands on his temple. Jack closed his eyes and focused, when he opened them again they shined gold. Castiel’s blue eyes shone bright blue and white. In an instant, he felt his grace come flooding back into him. As Jack stepped away Castiel felt better than he felt in the past few weeks.
Sam was still standing there, waiting for Dean. He had caught a glimpse inside and saw Castiel getting dressed. The sly smirk on his face told Dean that he saw.
Crowley shook his head, not letting it show that it bothered him. Cas glared at his roommate, debating whether or not he should say anything. Before he could come to a decision, Meg’s fist collided with Raphael’s face.
Sammy was right. Once Dean was back in the bunker it was like the hunt never happened. He tried to hide his pain, but Sam could see right through it. Each room held memories of Cas, taunting him with could have been. And what he had said.
“Dean, I’m alive. Jack brought me back from the Empty. You’re awake. I’m really here,” Cas reassured him.
Dean couldn’t focus on reading, so instead he paced the room. Cycling through sadness and anger over and over. He yelled and cried. Sam didn’t know how to help him nor did Eileen. Finally, Sam’s expression changed and a glimmer of hope sparked in his eyes.
The two had taken up hiking in the last few months, now that they weren’t constantly hunting all the time. Dean had finally given in and decided to take a break from the hunter life, something he never thought he could do but had always dreamed of.
“Dad, this will be overwhelming for you at first. I think you should stay in Heaven for a bit, just to get used to your new form. Just long enough to get used to it. As far as your true angelic form, that can wait, you will have to get used to everything else first. So don’t leave your vessel for a while.”
This time was different though. They were stretched out completely, though still smaller than they actually were since they would not be able to fit in the room at their proper size. They were gorgeous, black with gold streaks throughout them. The feathers were massive, long and thick. As Cas opened his eyes he shook his wings, stretching them out a bit more before relaxing them.
The three stopped at a diner for breakfast before making the journey home. Sam was happy to see Dean laughing and enjoying himself. But he had a sinking feeling that once Dean got back home, the memories of what had happened would come flooding back. Causing him to fall back into his depression.
He had tried to bring his wings forth again but had to put them away fast. Bringing them out and opening them up in the bedroom wasn’t the brightest idea. Everything was knocked off of their places and thrown around the room. After that incident he decided to spend the next few hours making his eyes glow on and off again.
Cas gave a half frown that was full of sarcasm. “It’s true. But I like this outfit. And I do have several suits and overcoats. Just because it’s the same style doesn’t mean it's the same.”
Cas didn’t want Dean and Jack to worry about him. His grace may have been fading fast, but he felt fine. At least his body did. He wasn’t sure if he was able to take on his true form. He had tried several days before, and it didn’t feel the same. It was hard to maintain the form, and it felt like he was fading along with it. But once he got back into his vessel the fading feeling went away. He feared that if he tried this again, he would fade along with his grace.
“We are family, isn’t this what families do?” Jack asked, his eyes narrowing the same way that Cas’ does.
“I don’t understand what’s so funny, Dean. I like insects, especially bees. They deserve peace as well.”
Cas had friends, even though he didn’t call them that. He had people in his life, like Hannah and Meg among others, who he talked to and had a good time with. But none of them made him countdown the days and hours until he could see them again.
The older angel slammed into Dean, each thrust harder and faster than the last. With each thrust he hit his prostate, causing Dean to cry out in pleasure. Their wings rubbing against each other, Cas’ hands holding on tightly. Dean yelled out as he felt his ass fill with Cas’ hot come.
The two stood there in silence, staring at each other. Cas wondered if Dean was thinking the same as him, that he really enjoyed being around Dean. He smiled at the bartender, blushing as he watched Dean look at him.
Eileen nodded in agreement. Jack sat still for a moment, deep in thought as to what the next move should be. Dean shot Cas a glance, each of them doing just the same. Trying to figure out where to go next from here.
“Okay, if it’s not Jack, then Cas. What happened? You never told me everything. Just that he saved you by summoning the Empty, but never how he did it.”
Sitting down at the small table in the room, Dean used his ring to open the bottle. Drinking down half of his beer in one long gulp, Dean slammed the bottle down with more force than he planned. His thoughts raced, desperate to be rid of the voice of the angel saying what he always wanted to hear, but never like that.
The man seemed to sense Dean as well. As the man turned around to reveal who he was, Dean’s eyes grew wide with both terror and confusion. He didn’t think it was possible, he knew that he was stripped of his powers, and made mortal. But for him to be here, why would he? Dean could shoot him right here and now and wouldn’t give a damn about anyone seeing.
The bar was crowded when Cas got there forty minutes later. Pamela smiled at him as he walked inside, he wondered for a moment if he was recognized for being a regular now. Shaking off the thought he sat down at a table on the far end of the bar. Several minutes later Dean came out of a room situated behind the bar and off to the side. Cas noticed that Pamela said something to him and pointed at Cas. He grabbed two beers and made his way over to the table.
“Jack, I’m not really sure that’s a good idea. Chuck is still dangerous, mortal or not, Chuck is Chuck. You know what he has done, and I’m certain that you can imagine what he could still do,” Cas told him. His eyes were soft, almost begging Jack to not do anything stupid.
“Cas, yes. If you want to show me your true form, yes. I love you, no matter the vessel. No matter what form. I love you, the real you. But I have a question as well. Do… Do I have a true form?”
“If anyone sees Diana, could you send her to Alice’s place. She’s been looking for her, and I don’t want to deal with an upset Alice, again. Thank you.” A voice suddenly boomed inside of Dean’s head.
Cas wasn’t familiar with cars, but he did know that Dean’s car was an impressive classic. He remembered noticing an old black car parked on the side street next to the bar. Taking note that it was a beauty of a vehicle.
The day was spent talking to the victims' families and the local police. Trying to figure out where the werewolves were hiding. Finally, they found the location, gearing up to head into the abandoned house on the outskirts of town.
Dean focused for a moment, he could feel them. He nodded. Jack and Cas grinned, they were excited for Dean to bring them forth and spread them open, showing them what they looked like.
Dean smiled, “Of course, Cas. It’s okay with me. I told you before I’d rather have you, the real you. The real you is an angel. If you wanted to stay a human, I’d be okay with that also. It’s up to you. But I also made a decision, if it’s okay with you.”
Heaven was always peaceful. No monsters, no demons, no world about to end at any moment. With it being open that meant that Dean could visit his family any time he liked. Since getting back from the honeymoon he took advantage of that. He spend many nights at Harvelle’s playing pool with Ash, sitting with Bobby or just hanging out with his parents. But the best part was Cas’ garden.
After much debate the boot finally came out. Dean’s foot was red and swollen, the cuts hot to the touch and clearly infected.
“Cas, what… What did that taste like?” Dean asked him. He remembered Sam telling him once that Cas had told him that food tasted like molecules.
Cas searched Dean’s face, unsure of what to say to him. He was taken back by his words. He was always Dean’s, even when he didn’t know that he was. He loved the man next to him more than he loved anyone or anything before. More than humanity, more than Heaven. Cas lived for Dean, he was what drove him to be a better man, to be a better angel.
Dean went into the nearby city of Hastings to have them printed off on nice cardstock, since Lebanon didn’t have anywhere for them to do this. Once he was done he drove back to the bunker, still preferring to drive most places instead of flying. From there he and Cas spent the next hour or so delivering the cards to their friends and family that were still living.
They found their seats at the table. Sam and Dean sat across from each other as always. Eileen took her place next to him, and Cas next to Dean. Jack sat at the head of the table. They began to pass the plates and dishes, preparing their food.
Two days passed before Rowena finally showed up. She hadn’t been back on Earth since before Dean and Cas returned. Little Dean ran to her, arms opened, excited to see the redheaded Queen of Hell.
Dean set the bottles down in front of each of them. He used his silver ring to take the caps off, letting them hit the table with a cling. He did the same to Castiel’s beer.
Dean continued, “Things have changed between us, and they will never be the same again. And I don’t know if I want us to go back to the way things were. Cas, I love you.”
Dean turned to face Cas, he reached down for his other hand. Staring into Castiel’s bright blue eyes, Dean took a deep breath, steadying himself for what he was about to say.
Several weeks passed, Eileen had moved into the bunker. Dean was grateful to have another person there. It wasn’t so empty any longer. At least when they were all home. They tried to get him to go on cases with them, or even just one of them. But he refused.
Cas pondered a moment before replying, “It’s wonderful, Jack. This is how many people imagined Heaven to be, it’s truly a paradise. You did an amazing job, I’m proud of you. But isn’t there more work to be done?”
Making his way back to the kitchen he sat down at the table to wait until morning. He missed this place, it was his home. He could hear Dean snoring, the subtle  movements he made as he turned in his bed. Cas smiled, he was happy to be back.
Cas thought about it a moment before replying, “I guess it would. But I don’t think it would matter much after a while. I mean, you do it and it doesn’t bother you.”
“Dean,” groaned Cas. “Where are Sam and Eileen? They don’t know yet and we don’t need Chuck catching any of us by surprise.”
Dean made his way back over, grinning widely, carrying three shots for them. The three downed them and continued playing pool and drinking throughout the night. They finally decided to go home around three in the morning, Sam needed to get some sleep unlike Dean and Cas.  The two angels stayed up the rest of the night, sitting in the kitchen together talking about the twelve long years they’ve had together so far, as friends and now as lovers.
Dean shut his eyes, thinking that if he did he’d wake up in his bed. But once he opened them again Cas was still standing there, studying him with a look of confused curiosity on his face.
Jack looked up from his plate, a half eaten stack of pancakes covered in chocolate and whipped cream in front of him. He gave a smile, his mouth crooked, eyes beaming.
Two celestial creatures danced together in an endless vast void of stardust and rock. They towered over even the largest beast that mankind could ever dream of. If you could see them as they wandered the cosmic universe, seeing all that there is to see, you’d never again have sight. But at least the last thing you would see would be two of the most beautiful creatures there are.
Sam smiled and sat down in the recliner next to Dean’s. The tv was playing one of the cheesy eighties horror films that Dean loved so much. Dean handed him a beer from the cooler on the side of his chair.
Cas had seen Chuck, who stood not far from Dean. He didn’t know what the former God was doing there, he didn’t care either. He wasn’t there for any good reason. Dean turned to face Cas, who was now visible to him. His eyes wide with terror, as were Castiel’s.
Jack studied Dean’s face. He had missed him so very much. He wished he could have come home sooner. But he couldn’t leave Heaven until it was safe to do so. Safe for Heaven, for himself and everyone. Jack had to be sure that there was no hidden apocalypse waiting in the shadows that Chuck had setup like a trap. Waiting for them to let their guard down.
Dean sat at the table in awkward silence. Jack just sat there, smiling. He was happy to be home again. Cas noticed the awkwardness and offered to take the dishes into the kitchen to be washed. The three of them got the table cleared and went into the kitchen to do just that.
Dean smiled. He didn’t want to think about Cas leaving again so soon. Not after they were finally reunited and had opened up to one another. He hated Jack having to leave as well, he wanted his whole family together. But he knew that this was better than the past few months of hell he’d been living in.
Chuck studied Jack’s face. Watching for any slight give away that he would call on the others. He knew that Jack wasn’t alone, he wasn’t a dumb kid. He was nervous not knowing just how many other angels were surrounding them. The Winchester’s were probably nearby as well. And then there was their pet, Castiel.
Between his last two classes Cas decided to sit in the library, hidden away in a corner alone, trying to get some last minute studying done. Checking his email he found one of his professors had emailed him. Reading it over his heart dropped. His essay was well written, and he had passed but it wasn’t enough to raise his grade.
Cas got out of the car, never opening the door. He stood in front of Baby, watching Dean. He could tell that Dean was upset, the words the hunter had just told him replayed in his head. Unsure of what was happening, he had a fleeting idea but he thought that there was no way that Dean was saying what he thought he was.
“My true form’s heartbeat sounds much different. This is what you hear while I am like this,” he paused. Cas furrowed his brow and continued, “Dean, may I ask you a question?”
Jack grinned widely, “I know. So what have you and Dad been up to? Really should figure out two names for you two.”
Eileen nodded her head, she was confused by it but being dead one moment and alive the next wasn’t anything new to her.
Both Cas and Dean had called Jack to come home immediately. Cas did so through angel radio, while Dean sent him an urgent prayer. Jack showed up before either of them could finish.
He sat up, letting his eyes adjust to the room. His roommate was talking loudly in their small living area. The dorm wasn’t very big, two closet sized rooms next to each other, an even smaller bathroom and a tiny living area. Cas never understood how Raphael was able to have more than one friend at a time over.
Cas narrowed his eyes, “You’re right. Okay, let’s head back. Would you like me to take you back or would you like to give it a try?”
“I don’t know. I mean, I think I’m still alive. I mean, I’m breathing and my heart is still beating. When Jack took us to Heaven, he said we had to die more or less. But we were reborn as angels. I think I’m alive, but when he made us into angels we were alive again. I think,” said Dean, unsure himself.
Sam smiled, thinking of his old friend. He was glad that he was alive again. He chuckled to himself, of course Gabriel would run off back down to Earth. Probably to continue being the trickster that he was, having fun and living the life that he wanted. He was sure they’d run into him again one day, they always did.
Cas stopped and turned to face her. “That’s great Rachel. I need to get home, before…” he trailed off.
“I don’t understand why I didn’t think of this before. There’s one thing that was owed something that it only had for a short time. Something that could go back on any agreement it made with anyone if it felt like it. And would be able to do so, with no consequences. Something we cannot fight, we cannot beat it.”
Cas didn’t move, his lips parted, eyes grew wide. The words he longed to hear for so long echoing in his ears. Unable to speak, shocked and overjoyed at Dean’s own confession, he watched as Dean stepped in closer.
The two teleported back home to the bunker, landing inside the library. Dean had thought it would either be empty or just Sam and Eileen sitting in there, researching their latest case. What he didn’t expect was that for the second time in his life he had returned home after being away for some time due to an angel to find the bunker filled with hunters.
“Dean, he’s not using me. We had an agreement before, but this is different. We got so used to each other, we are friends you know. We like it better this way,” interrupted Adam.
Sam walked past the Dean Cave, he heard the tv from within the room, he knocked once and when he heard Dean telling him to come in he did. Dean was seated on one of the old recliners, Miracle at his feet asleep.
They spent another night in the motel, all of them too tired to make the drive back to Lebanon that night. Dean slept in his blood stained clothes. The smells of the hunt lingered on him, helping him to sleep.
“Rowena! How is the Queen of Hell in Heaven?” Dean asked, bewildered and happy at the sight of the witch.
And now, since this wedding is already very untraditional, given the fact that I am the Queen of Hell and the living are sitting with the dead. It’s time for these two angels to exchange vows that they had written. Dean, you may go first.”
Cas decided against leaving his room, and opted to instead try to get back to sleep. He prayed the dream would come back to him, but it never did.
“Heaven and Hell are at peace with one another. Well, mostly. Okay just peace between those ruling,” the witch said. “Now, let’s get on with it!”
“Give it a moment, and it will calm down. You should always be able to feel your grace. But it won’t feel like this after a few minutes. It will be like… underwear… you won’t notice it unless you want to,” Jack said cheerfully.
The sensations coming from his wings, cock and ass were getting to the point of being overwhelming. Dean wanted this to never end. He felt his whole body quake as he lost control of his body. He slumped forward, face against the ground, ass arched up in the air.
Sam still hadn’t found anything more on the gun and it’s symbols. It seemed to be a waiting game to see how Cas does. The angel was mostly sore now, no pain left after Jack healed the wound on his wing. But there were some things that were off.
“We don’t know for sure. But when she comes we are gonna need you there. A demon said that something was coming, to take back what it was owed. We aren’t sure what that means or if it’s even true. But we need to figure it out.”
“Hello, Dean,” she replied. Dean could hear the smile on her lips. “I heard you took down one of my demons recently.”
Their hands moved down, making sure to feel the curves and dips of each other’s bodies. Dean grabbed Castiel’s cock and began to rub it’s length. Cas’ body thrust on his own up into his hand. Cas wasn’t sure what to do with his own hands so he rested them on Dean’s hips, gripping them tightly.
Dean rolled over to the nightstand on his side of the bed and retrieved a bottle of lube out of it. He laid on his back and pulled his knees up. Cas watched in fascination as Dean lubed up his fingers and applied some to his hole.
“Cas, when I was a demon, and you held me back. I saw you. What you really look like without the vessel.”
Dean turned to face Jack, who was staring at their hands. He had a look of bewilderment and joy. Dean gave a half smile, looking to Cas, searching his face to figure out what to say.
Hidden to the left of them was Dean. As soon as he saw Chuck reach inside his coat, Dean already had his gun drawn and was making his way to them. Jack was unharmed, the bullet never hitting him. His eyes glowed golden with anger. He could see Chuck, whose face was one part furious anger and one point terror and confusion.
Dean paused, staring into the angel’s eyes. The memories of that day, when he was a demon came flooding back. He was hellbent on killing Sam, his own brother. Castiel held him, a demon, held him back from Sam and from himself. Cas’ embrace was what saved him, that and Sam’s demon cure.
Cas’ eyes grew wide. He had never thought about that, he knew it was a possibility, but never fathomed that Dean had actually seen him.
Claire went next, bold as ever. Castiel was last, proudly walking down the aisle, smiling the whole time. Finally the four of them were at the altar with Rowena standing between them. Dean and Castiel faced each other, they smiled at one another, it was finally happening.
Castiel agreed with Jack, deciding to stay on Earth. He missed this, the bunker, the Winchesters, all of it. Staying away for so long pained him. He couldn’t do that again to Dean nor himself. He finally had what he always wanted; the hunter next to him.
“No, I guess not. Part of me just wonders if you would still feel the same if you saw what I truly look like.”
And if he was an angel, that meant he could visit his family in Heaven whenever he wanted. Castiel’s true form would never harm him. He’d be able to protect his family here on Earth as well. As he drifted off to sleep he made the decision to talk to Jack about it in the morning. He knew that he would only make this decision if Cas decided to stay an angel. If not then he would remain a human as well. Either way, he was going to spend the rest of his life with Cas.
Dean looked down, he wanted to be angry, wanted to yell at Sam for bringing them up and even trying to have this conversation. But he was defeated. He said nothing, knowing that he would have to listen to Sam telling him things would get better, and he needed to get back out there.
Sam smiled quickly, “Uh, yeah. Our dog. We found him after…” he trailed off, remembering the pain of Cas’ death.
Sam stopped. Blinking a few times to try and jumpstart his brain. He slowly turned around, unsure if he really just saw Cas sitting there. But he did, Cas was really sitting there. Sam’s mouth dropped before he composed himself again.
They had been wandering for some time now, and time is what they had. Immortal and free of the bonds that tie humans to the Earth until their inevitable death. They had seen all that Earth had to offer at first. They swam to the depth of the oceans, flew to the highest peaks and looked out upon the land.
The angel sat up and back onto his knees, grabbing onto Dean’s thighs. Dean arched his back, this made Cas pull him up slightly, holding him with his ass and lower back off the bed slightly. Dean cried out as Cas’ cock began to hit his prostate. Rubbing against it with each thrust.
“He has two. Angels who were once human do have an angelic true form. Their bodies are also their true selves of course. But like all angels they can leave it.”
“Hannah, it’s not every night. It’s been a few nights but I barely drink. I’ve been hanging out with a friend there.”
A few nights after they got back home to the bunker, the two archangels sat in the Dean Cave together. Dean was glad he still could taste things, and not just the molecules, cause he didn’t want to give up beer and pie. Which he dug into as he and Castiel watched old westerns throughout the night. When they didn’t spent the night having sex they spent it in here just enjoying each other’s company. Halfway through the second movie of the night they began ignoring the film and ended up talking for hours.
Dean pulled Cas in, embracing him before kissing him. He was ready for this, everything in his life had been leading up to this moment, even though he didn’t know it until now. Breaking away from the embrace they turned to Jack who stood there overjoyed at their decisions.
It had been a week since he became an angel. He thought that he would miss the way food tasted, but it tasted just the same. Cas explained to him that it’s different for each angel, and he must have retained the ability to taste food as it should be. Dean felt for him, but it didn’t bother him at all.
He had been a hunter his whole life, he had long since learned to trust his gut when that feeling came over him. He paused a moment, holding onto Miracle’s leash tightly. Something was wrong and he didn’t know what.
Dean quickly pulled the car over to the side of the road, slamming on the breaks. He turned and stared at Cas, who looked saddened by Dean’s words. Dean’s heart broke, seeing Cas like that. He calmed down, taking a deep breath.
Cas was feeling well enough to move around, though he was still incredibly weak. He felt as if he was getting weaker by the day, but it wasn’t a bad weak. He didn’t think that he was going to die or anything like that. He couldn’t figure out exactly how he felt.
Castiel continued, “Maybe. I’m not sure though. I’d have to look into it. But I do know one part of me that you would be able to see. My wings.”
Once he and Castiel were up they realized they were no longer in their bedroom in the bunker and instead inside of a storage unit neither of them recognized. A massive stack of boxes had fallen over onto them sometime during their journey.
“No, Dean. The Garden is now a park though. It’s massive, and gorgeous. Everything in season all the time. Plants from all over the world, and other worlds. Much different from when you saw it.”
Throwing on the dead guy robe, Dean groggily made his way to the area he had heard the sound coming from. He could have sworn it came from the direction of the garage.
Dean and Cas ascended to Heaven with Jack. It felt strange to Dean, last time he was here he was dead, and Heaven looked different back then. They were in a large garden, it was absolutely breathtakingly beautiful. He and Cas were still holding hands, staring into each other's eyes.
He wrapped his legs around Castiel’s waist, pressing against him, grinding his hips as Cas kissed him hard. His cock swelled in his jeans, Cas felt it as his own member throbbed. Cas moved from Dean’s lips to his neck, hitting each and every spot that made Dean’s body tremble. Dean clawed at his back, grabbing his trench coat tight in his fist.
“Sam, can I ask you something?” Castiel asked after a long time of silence after Dean headed to the bar.
Cas smiled at Dean. He had missed the rides he had with him. Especially the ones that weren’t on their way to a case, though he did love those as well. He missed being close to Dean. He prayed that things would go back to how they were.
Cas agreed with Jack. Jack and the angels all deserved a break. Heaven was at peace, Hell was being ruled by Rowena, a powerful ally and friend. And Earth still had hunters taking care of things. And the Winchesters were still saving people and hunting things.
He quickly went to Cas, who was now standing before him, and hugged him. He wasn’t sure how this was possible. But Sam really didn’t care at this point. Cas was here, alive, and home.
“Yeah, I like that. It’s kinda dorky though. But I like it. Hey Cas, is my parents going to be there?”
“Jack, I think it’s perfect. Rest, you need it. But there is always some work to be done in Heaven, and on Earth,” said Cas, giving him a stern look only a father could give.
“Jesus, Cas. At least close your eyes, it's freaky to wake up to you just staring wide eyed like that,” he grumbled.
“So what’s the plan, then?” Sammy asked. He was nervous but ready for the fight, if there was even going to be a fight. No one really knew what was going on.
Dean was nervous, he didn’t want to back out, but he was still nervous. He wasn’t sure if it was going to hurt, or feel like anything. But Castiel didn’t seem to be bothered by it. In fact, he looked very relaxed.
Cas tilted his head and his brow creased. He was confused and worried that Dean wanted to back out. He knew that it was all a little fast, but that shouldn’t matter. They now literally had all the time in the world. And if Dean wanted to wait, they could.
“Dean, I’m not sure if that’s a good idea. If I became and stayed human, we could grow old together. The proper way.”
Dean shook his head, “No, Sam. I should have. God, I should have. I wish I did, I wish I had known sooner.”
Cas thrust upwards, pushing into Dean. It felt better than any sex he had ever had before, and they had only just begun. Dean slowly settled down all the way to the base. His own cock stood straight up, hard and throbbing.
At last each drop of Castiel’s come spilled out, filling Dean up. He leaned forward, his forehead resting on Dean’s. His breathing never changed, never out of breath. Dean relaxed his legs, fingers no longer clawing at his husband's back. The couple kissed again, this time less needy and more slowly.
Sam looked concerned, wondering if his brother was really okay. He didn’t push it though, he knew it would all come out later on.
Dean stopped what he was doing, shocked at what he just heard. He turned to Jack and asked, “What did you just call Cas?”
“Probably because two archangels just appeared in front of them. And more than likely because Sam told them about us,” replied Castiel out loud.
“Dad, what the hell was that? Can’t even give a damn speech at your own son’s wedding?” Dean stated firmly.
“Cas, does Dean have a true form? I mean outside of his body?” Sam asked before Dean began making his way back to them.
Cas took another drink, he didn’t know enough about cars to say much else. “I don’t have a car, haven’t really felt the need to get one since starting school. Everything I need is within walking distance, or the bus.”
“Fuck off, asshole,” she said holding her ground, unphased by the punch. She turned to Cas. “Think about what I said okay.”
Dean remembered when he was fifteen and he had befriended a kid from a school he attended for a month. John had seen Dean and him hanging out after school let out. He tore into Dean for hours over hanging out with a ‘faggot’. Dean didn’t even know if the kid was gay or not, they didn’t know each other that well at that point. But the next week they had to leave, and Dean didn’t think much of him again. He couldn’t, they never stayed in one place long enough for him to really get to know someone.
Dean was happy for his brother. As much as he joked about Eileen being able to do better, they were perfect for each other. He knew Sam had a crush on her when they first met her on a case. And even after everything, and her death, Sam wanted her. He was broken when she died. When Sam brought her back, Dean knew that this was it. He had finally gotten his second chance. His real second chance. It was all he ever wanted for Sammy.
Cas was in the back, restocking a display shelf of new books they just got in on mythology and folklore. It was a slow day, only a handful of people had come in so far. He hoped that it would stay that way. That hope was cut short when the sound of the bell over the door chimed.
“It could have been a way to buy time, but we can’t rule out the possibility of it telling the truth,” Cas said.
The next day Sam and Eileen left early, they found a case and wanted to work it together. Dean and Cas stayed behind at the bunker, spending the day watching movies in the Dean Cave.
“Okay, well, let’s get some breakfast before calling Jack to let him know as well. What did you decide?”
Sam smiled, even so down, Dean was still Dean. “Uh, no actually. I was thinking of asking her to move in here. With us? If that’s okay with you?”
Before Dean could reply Sam interrupted, “Hey, so. Have you thought about getting a new vessel? I mean, being with Adam like this all the time can’t be that easy.”
“Who?” Asked Jack. His eyes narrowed and his head tilted the same way that Castiel’s does. Dean was never sure if this was natural for him or a habit he picked up from Cas.
Castiel stood up and walked over to Dean, standing a few feet away from him. He was nervous, but the excitement of finally getting to see the hunter after all this time wiped away any doubt he was having.
The night went on for several more hours and several more beers. Cas told him about his classes and work. Every time he thought that Dean was getting bored of hearing about it Cas would look up to see Dean watching him, listening to every word. Normally Cas hated small talk, it was awkward and made him nervous. But with Dean it was relaxing, he didn’t need to have deep conversations with him to have a good time. He felt comfortable, his worries disappeared.
He began to move faster up and down. Each time he came down, all the way to the base, Dean grinded his hips forward and back in a circular motion before going back up again. Cas lifted his thighs a bit, allowing Dean to place his feet under them, giving him more balance and control.
Things were awkward on the drive back to the bunker and throughout the next day before Cas had to get back. A lot had been said, and they didn’t really know where to go from there. But things were different now, for the better.
The brother’s ate their food, making small talk. Dean didn’t want to talk about himself, instead he listened to Sam go on about what he and Eileen had been getting up to lately. They had recently gone on a few cases, all within a few hours of Lebanon. Sam still didn’t want to be too far from Dean, given his current emotional state.
Dean ran his hands down Castiel’s back, resting them on his lower back. He held Cas firmly, feeling the movement, pulling him closer into his ass with each thrust out. His hips moving with the angel’s, they were in perfect sync with one another.
“Since Jimmy was my vessel, and my vessel now is in his likeness. I know you love me, and you find me attractive. But do you find me attractive or Jimmy?”
Meg raised a single brow and smirked. “Hey, I’m just calling it like I see it. You’ve been spending a lot of time at Rocky’s lately.”
Cas’ room didn’t house a bed or anything that a human’s room would. Instead it held important items. Multiple sets of armor that fit the different vessels he’s had over the centuries, he was a soldier originally after all. Photos and trinkets he’s collected over the years with the Winchesters. His own memories of his time with his best friends, hunting, saving people and the world, having fun.
“But they can’t do that unless they are dead. And I don’t want to put “Humans and living things must die in order to RSVP” on the invites.”
“We do, but certain demons and angels don’t like the idea. But I got bad news dear, those demons weren’t alone. You left one alive.”
“I have to take you both to Heaven to do this. You’d both essentially die and will be reborn as angels. You both will be archangels. Since Dad was already one,” said Jack, gesturing to Castiel. “Are you ready?”
It had been two days since Cas left again. Sam was worried that Dean wasn’t going to be okay with him gone again. But Dean was happier than he had been in months. His eyes lit up again, and his smile was genuine.
Dean shushed Cas, and pulled him in close. Kissing his lips, parting them with his tongue. Cas closed his eyes, opening his mouth, letting Dean in. Dean’s mouth was soft and warm. Dean let out a slight moan as he deepened the kiss, moving his hand down Cas’ shoulder and back, letting it rest on his lower back.
If he remained human he’d be able to live out the rest of his days with Dean. They’d grow old together and when they both died they’d go to Heaven. And if he became an angel again, he’d get all his powers and grace back. And unless by some cruel hand of fate he is killed, again, he’d live forever. And when Dean passed away, decades from now Cas hoped, they would remain together in Heaven. Either way they’d be together forever.
“I can’t get the bullet out. Everytime myself or Gabriel tries to get it out, it sends off this energy sort of. It hurts us and Dad. I think it's magic,” said Jack.
Dean continued, working his hand faster. Cas closed his eyes, lips parted. Dean pumped faster and faster, forcing Cas to go over the edge. Soon enough Cas was coming, he groaned into Dean’s kiss.
Dean and Cas spent the next few days by each other’s sides. They rarely spent a moment apart except when they needed to. They were without each other for so long, and had spent so many years so close yet not knowing, that it pained them to be apart. Dean laughed to himself, this wasn’t exactly like him. But then again, he didn’t want it any other way.
They found a secluded area within the garden. Surrounded by large flowers and trees, and in the middle a quiet stream. It was beautiful. The two sat down, and fell into each other’s arms.  Touching Cas as an angel was different for Dean. It was like touching him again for the first time.
The three of them continued with their chore, when it was finally finished they sat down at the small table. Cas sat down next to Dean, he placed his hand on top of Dean’s. Dean looked at him, his eyes staring into Cas’ before he turned his hand over, interlocking their fingers together.
He tried to think of ways he could tell Cas this. He figured that Cas would feel the same as he does about Cas remaining a human. He wouldn’t want Dean to be an angel, and for him to remain as he always was.
Dean beamed, turning to Jack he pulled him in for a hug. Not caring that he was getting his back wet due to the soapy water on his hands.
“Our lives have never been normal. What is normal for us is so far beyond the realm of belief for most people. Hell, I killed God and Hilter. Well, the man who used to be God. I mean, we got sucked into a Scooby-Doo episode. That’s not normal, I mean it’s not even normal for most hunters out there.”
Dean shoved a fork full in his mouth, making it so he wasn’t able to answer any of Sam’s questions that he knew his brother was dying to ask. Cas blushed next to him, looking down at the empty plate in front of him.
Dean chucked, “Yeah, but babe, I’ve been doing it my whole life. You have eons of not doing it. And your only experience with it has been brief compared to the rest of your life.”
“Boys, it’s so good to finally see you!” She exclaimed as she went to Dean and Cas, hugging them each.
Dean snuggled in closer to Dean, putting his arm around him. It felt nice, right even. They fit together perfectly. Dean smiled as he closed his eyes, telling Cas goodnight and that he loved him. Cas told him the same, before gently placing a kiss on his forehead.
Finally, when he turned back to head into the main entrance room of the bunker Dean’s phone buzzed in his pocket. Eileen had texted him back, they were headed home and would only be a few more minutes. He paced, thoughts racing a mile a minute, as Jack and Cas discussed Chuck’s sudden presence.
Back in his dorm he crashed down onto his bed, thankful that tomorrow he didn’t have work or classes to deal with. He wondered if Dean was just as excited as he was for tomorrow night to hang out again. He also wondered what Dean was doing on his days off. He imagined that Dean spent his time with friends, he seemed the type to befriend everyone if he saw fit to do so.
Jack must have spoken to Cas over angel radio at that moment because Cas nodded in approval. The three humans watched as Jack stayed silent for a few seconds, sending out the call.
As for sleep, that was a different story. Each night he and Cas made love for hours, the passage of time throughout the night felt like nothing and forever all at once. Dean didn’t even realize he hadn’t grown tired at all until earlier in the day. He still enjoyed resting in the bed, closing his eyes and meditating. It wasn’t something he had ever done before, but thought he’d give it a try, to at least allow his body some form of rest, even though it didn’t need it.
“Wrong. There was a fourth. He hid while his friends got slaughtered by angels. Came running back to Hell, to warn everyone that the fearsome Dean Winchester was an archangel now. But that’s not all, he also said that the crossroads demon gave you a message. Mind telling me what that’s about?”
The Winchester made the decision to turn back and head back for the trail. The dog park could wait another day or two, right now he wanted to get back to the bunker. He hoped the feeling was nothing, it rarely was nothing though.
Cas watched as Dean began to slowly open himself up. One finger at first, slowly pushing in inch by inch. Then a second one, then a third. The hunter closed his eyes tightly as he fingered himself, moving his fingers just right to open himself up more. Cas’ began to rub his own, never taking his eyes off of Dean.
“Dean, we need to talk,” began Sam. He continued, “Ever since Cas and Jack, you haven’t been yourself.”
“I did as well. But Jack is more powerful than we thought. There’s a few of us now, since the originals are all dead, well not Gabriel. He’s also back. But as usual he left Heaven to do his own thing.”
Castiel laughed softly, “Dean, time in Heaven is different. When we go back it will be like no time has passed.”
Dean nodded, pretending that what Jack just said made total sense to him. He didn’t care if he couldn’t take on his ‘celestial form’ or whatever for a while. That didn’t matter to him, what mattered was that he was with Cas, together the same forever.
“It’s your grace. Angels who were formerly human, their grace comes from their soul. And your soul isn’t like the others. You’ve been through so much. It’s very powerful.”
Groggly he stumbled into the kitchen and began to get the coffee pot going. His brain wasn’t fully working just yet when he glanced over at the table seeing the figure sitting there watching him.
When Cas didn’t have classes and he wasn’t holed up in the library he was at work. Retail was boring, but it was helping him pay for college, and at least he was able to get a bit of a discount for his textbooks there. His boss Naomi, was out for the day, leaving Castiel to run the small bookshop by himself. He was glad she was gone, she always yelled whenever he made even the smallest mistake.
“It’s not like that anymore. Everyone is free to come and go, visit each other, live. Well, not live, but I think you get what I mean.”
“Nothing. Just I’m doing dishes with two angels, one of which is basically God and the other an archangel. If you told me I’d be doing this fifteen years ago I would have thought you were possessed or something.”
The unmistakable long trench coat flowed almost to the floor, as the angel sat at the table, his back turned towards Dean. Dean froze, he had to be dreaming. This has to be a dream, he told himself.
Dean furrowed his brow, he couldn’t believe Jack was able to do that. He didn’t think it was even possible. It made the idea of Heaven easier to think about once he did die.
He smiled at the thought of the bartender. Castiel didn’t know why he was so excited by the idea of seeing him again. But every time he saw Dean’s freckled face and green eyes he felt happy. For once he actually felt happy and it had been a long time since he had.
Sam took the gun and nodded, he quickly made his way to the library, Eileen followed behind him. Jack then turned to three angels that were there with them also.
He also wanted to grow old with Cas. He wanted to be with him forever, in every possible manner. He wanted Cas to be at his side, to love and fight alongside him forever. He loved him, more than he had ever loved anyone or anything ever before. They had been so close yet so far away for years now. And now nothing could pull them apart. But there was one thing left to do.
He didn’t give the hunter time to prepare before he teleported the two of them to just outside the bunker. Cas pointed up towards the cameras. Around each of them was an assortment of flowers, all positioned in a way that would not obstruct their views.
“Dad, you realize what that would mean, right? Sam will still be human. You’d have to watch him die, along with everyone else you love on Earth.”
“So, boys,” she stated, turning her head toward Dean and Castiel. “Tell me, what did this crossroads demon say exactly?”
John was at the bar talking to Ash when Dean sat down next to him. Dean talked with Ash for a while, catching up before Dean finally worked up the courage to tell his father what he needed to.
Dean leaned down, his back arched, hips thrusting backwards onto Cas’ throbbing cock. He positioned his wings just right, allowing Cas to grab onto them at the scapulars. The sensation of Castiel’s hands on his wings sent Dean over the edge again. His cock angry and throbbing as he continued to spurt onto the soft grass below him.
“Jack, hi. Where’s Sam and Dean?” Chuck’s voice was wary. He tried to sound confident but the air of nervousness was loud.
Just as he came there was a knock on the door. Dean’s hand froze. Cas stared at him eyes wide. He forgot to listen for Sam,
Cas rolled onto his back, taking Dean with him. Dean grinded his cock against Cas’, feeling the sensations that send shivers all over his body. He moaned into the angel’s mouth. Cas moved his hands onto Dean’s ass, gripping it firmly in his hands. Any sliver of nervousness he had the last time they had been together like this was gone.
“I don’t think so. This one is different. If it was then why isn’t Cas dead already. No, this is something else entirely. I don’t think it has the same effects as the Equalizer.”
“Yes. Your body is your true form and your vessel. Angels who were once human have two, I do not. You also have an angelic true form, like mine.”
It was Cas who first saw Chuck begin to move his hand, reaching for inside his jacket. Instinctively, he adjusted his position. Chuck was quick, but Cas was faster. As Chuck pulled out a large silver pistol, Castiel wrapped his wings around Jack, shielding him from the bullet.
“Cas, no. I don’t want you to go. Not again. Not ever. Not like that. I need you, Cas,” said Dean. He spoke softer now, almost pleading.
Sam was coming out of the bathroom in the bunker. He had to stop suddenly as Dean and Cas were standing inches from him. His heart about jumped out of his chest and he let out a yelp.
Cas quickly got down to his knees, grabbing ahold of Dean’s foot. Taking off his hiking boot he felt just how cheaply made they were. He didn’t bring it up or tell Dean that he told him so. Instead he gave him a look that told Dean what he wanted to say.
Dean sat down, defeated but hopeful. This was a start, they knew that the language was whatever Sam had found and they had one word they knew for sure. The screams had stopped a while before, and that both worried and comforted Dean.
Dean turned to face Cas. “Dammit, Cas. Your confession, it wasn’t one-sided. It took me longer than it should have, and even then I knew, I’ve known for a long time but didn’t want to admit it for some stupid reason. I didn’t even know that you felt that way. I didn’t understand.”
As he opened his eyes, they glowed the same blue and white like Castiel’s did. He stood up tall and suddenly with a large gust of wind his wings presented themselves. He could feel them behind him. They felt like they had always been there, it was a new feeling but a natural feeling at that.
“We will figure this out, okay. If you want to stay a human, then stay human, if that’s even what is happening here. And if you want to stay an angel, then stay an angel. I won’t tell you what to do. What I prefer and what I like doesn’t matter, it’s up to you.”
First off, thank you to everyone who has read and will read this. I’ve never really posted anything I’ve written before, but once I started writing it I thought hey why not.
Dean paused, trying to find the right words. Cas didn’t understand what was happening. Nor did Jack.
“Okay. Well I’m going to take Miracle out for a walk,” she replied before telling Cas it was good to see him again, before heading out.
“Dean, I’m not human. I’m an angel. There is no human in me, that makes no sense,” stated Cas blankly.
“I don’t know. Maybe he knew he would be going to Hell and thought we could get Hell to lay off the torture.”
“Well, not so much a home. It’s more of a small cabin that I like to go to when I want to be alone. I also keep some things there. Sentimental items, photos and trinkets.”
Cas nodded slightly and closed his eyes trying to focus. It was hard bringing his wings into this plane. It didn’t feel right, like there was something off about it. Dean had only seen his wings one other time, and only when they were wounded.
“I know, Dean. I’m sorry. It took us a while between opening Heaven and creating the angels. They aren’t being created the same way that Chuck did. We had to train them, teach them about who and what they are. I wanted to come back, believe me, I did. But… I didn’t know if it would be painful.”
Cas nodded his head once before continuing, “Yes. Before Heaven was closed. Each person had their own personal Heaven. Do you remember it at all?”
He had tried angel radio, he had figured that Jack still made sure to not have any of the other angels tune into him for the time being. Once he figured out that it was basically like praying he was able to contact Cas and Jack whenever he wanted, and when they replied it was like talking to them on the phone in his head. Jack loved it, he enjoyed the random calls from Dean throughout the day. Cas on the other hand got annoyed quickly, he was on a case and couldn’t stop every five minutes to talk to Dean.
“You’re serious? You are just going to let our son go and talk to Chuck?” Questioned Cas, his eyes narrowed, baffled by Dean’s willingness to go along with this.
Sam was overjoyed at the news. He was happy for his brother, this is what he has always wanted for him. A chance at happiness.
“Dean Winchester, you are beautiful. You always have been and always will be. When I pulled you out of Hell I didn’t know that it would change everything for me. I disobeyed Heaven countless times because of you. Because I loved you. That day in the barn that we first met, I didn’t expect that I would ever love you the way that I do. I had thought that my true happiness was in just telling you that I loved you, and it was at the time. But now I can say that my true happiness is not telling you that I love you but loving you everyday knowing that you love me as well. You talk about me saving you, but Dean you also saved me. I love you, Dean. I have loved you for every minute I have been alive, even before we met, I have loved you.
“Yeah, yeah. Cas and I took down a crossroad demon collecting souls earlier than he was supposed to. What the hell Rowena? You’re supposed to be in charge of these dicks. And what’s the deal with them not liking you? I mean, I see their point but come on.”
“Does that upset you?” Cas asked, unsure whether or not that fact was worrying Dean. He knew how close he was with Sam.
Cas began to thrust up and into Dean, who stayed still, allowing Cas to pound into hard from below. His hand still gripped Dean’s cock, pumping it hard, sending him over the edge even more so. Come spilled out of Dean, he was shocked at the fact that he was coming again.
Castiel’s cabin was quiet, it always was. Dean had never actually been there before, but Cas had told him all about it. They made their way to the bedroom that lacked a bed. Cas’ items and memories lined the walls. A grand chest rested against the back wall, Cas opened it, inside was another smaller box. Cas took it out, unlocking it to reveal the book.
“So, you spend the night with her a lot. You gonna move in or something?” Dean asked, his mouth full of food.
They continued dancing together for a while longer. More people joined them on the dance floor, while others made their way to the bar or the pool tables. When the second song ended Dean and Cas made their way off of the floor. They went off on their own for a bit, catching up with their friends and family on their own.
Adam and Jack gave each other a worrisome look before Jack replied. “I gave everyone their invitations and pretty much everyone was very excited for you both.”
She stood up anyways, swallowing her food before she began. “Oh, well. Hi, I’m Claire. My father, Jimmy, was Cas’ vessel. I lost my family because of Cas, but I gained one as well. The Winchesters are my family, and they brought a wonderful woman into my life, who is my second Mom, Jody. It’s funny, the day I lost my dad, I didn’t expect that several years later I would be a hunter. I didn’t expect that I’d have a second Mom, and two sisters. I didn’t ever expect that the angel that used my Dad as a vessel would become like a second Dad to me, nor did I expect Dean to be as well, which I guess he is now. And that also means I have a brother, who's the spawn of Lucifer and God. My life has been weird… Anyways, because of you two I am a Novak, a Mills and a Winchester. I am so happy for the both of you. I love you guys.”
“For doing this for me. I didn’t ever imagine that you would want this or that it would even be possible. What do we do now?”
Jack did as he was told. He was confused as well. He looked at Dean as Cas gulped down the glass of water. He was out of breath but felt much better.
“Oh. Yeah, our Dad isn’t exactly the most accepting type. The thought had crossed my mind as to whether or not he would put this crap behind him. Guess not.”
Dean’s cock jumped as he brushed against his prostate. He felt open enough for Cas and pulled his fingers out. He felt empty, and needed to be filled and stretched out.
“So do I. But you should at least have something else to wear. You did when you were human. And you’ve changed your suit over the years. Why don’t we head into Hastings today. Get you a few outfits. At least something to wear to bed. You can’t wear my clothes forever.”
Both Dean and Castiel had tried to take the closet entrance into Heaven, but whenever they opened the door it was simply the storage closet. Jack didn’t want to spoil any of the surprises for them. They both gave up and tried to focus on life on Earth, but with their side of the planning finished they didn’t have much to do.
“Cas, let me say this. I’m sorry. I’m sorry I told you not to do that when you told me how you felt. I only said that cause I knew that was it. It was the end for you. And I didn’t want you to go. I didn’t want you to die.”
“Oh and the giant underground bunker in the industrial building that gives off massive amounts of magic isn’t obvious? I’m keeping them up, Dean.”
“Cas, what happens if you stay a human? Won’t all the side effects of being human bother you?” Dean asked in a whisper.
Dean had spoken to Sam and Eileen about the decision that Cas was going to make, and about his own. They were both supportive of each of their choices, but knew that no matter what each of them picked, things would be totally different.
Rowena stood next to Jack, her fiery hair done up, and her dress was long, black and form fitting. She smiled at Dean and Castiel, tears watering her eyes.
Castiel smiled at Dean, “I went out and got flowers, ones suitable to the bees in our area. And put them around the cameras. That way when the bees get confused about whether or not the camera is a flower, they won’t have to go far to find a real one.”
Up in Heaven Cas found Jack in his garden. Derek was a good choice to take care of it, it was as beautiful as ever. Jack sat on the grass under a cherry blossom tree that sat beside a small stream. Castiel went to him and sat down next to him. They admired the view for a moment, enjoying the gentle breeze and the smell of the flowers in bloom.
Dean and Castiel roamed the garden. Dean had put his wings away, it was easier to walk around without them out. He had learned very quickly that if he didn’t pay attention he’d knock into everything. He would need to take the time to learn how to properly handle them when they were out. Tucked away he could still feel them, but they didn’t knock Castiel over every time he turned around.
Everyone gathered in Harvelle’s Roadhouse for the reception. Inside was larger than it had been on Earth, making space for everyone. Jack had to explain to Ellen beforehand that it was only temporarily this large, and would return to it’s normal size the next day. Tables and chairs were placed around the outsides of a large area that had been cleared out. The bar and pool table sat in it’s usual spaces, and a small stage was in the back of the large room. At the front of the room sat a long table, in which the newly wedded couple sat together, along with the best man and hunter of honor.
Dean didn’t even know where to begin, he had thought about hiring a wedding planner. But he couldn’t exactly tell someone that he was a newly born angel who was going to marry another angel. And that the wedding would be held in Heaven, since most of his family was there. He decided instead to let the internet teach him everything he needed to know.
“Darn it, I thought I had told everyone to not use angel radio until I said to. Dad, that’s angel radio. It’s not normally that loud, you get used to it. If you just focus for a moment, you can shut it off so you won’t hear it anymore. Otherwise it’s there most of the time.”
“Look, whatever Cas decides is up to him. If he stays human, for whatever reason, then we have to respect that. And if he wants to be an angel again, we respect that. But the reason he is even thinking of staying human is for me.”
The two watched for another moment, suddenly there was movement on the screen. A fat bumblebee booped against the camera. Cas got excited pointing at it.
Cas seemed to know what he was thinking of. His brow raised in empathy. Sam poured himself a cup, asking if Cas wanted some, the angel told him no. Sam sat down at the table, the two of them waited for Eileen to return and Dean to wake up.
Dean was frozen in place, unsure if what he was seeing was real. He didn’t know of any way that Cas could be here if it wasn’t just a dream. It had to be.
Mary Winchester stood up then, figuring that if speeches were beginning it was her time to make hers. “When Dean was four and Sam was just a baby I died. My death set off the events that lead us here today. John became a hunter, raising our boys to be hunters. And while yes, part of me doesn’t exactly like them being raised as hunters, I am proud of the men they are today. But an important event that my death led to was Dean and Castiel coming into each other’s lives. Cas, I know I’ve been nervous around angels when I was alive, for the second time, but I know you are a good man. And I know how much you love my son, and I thank you for that. Welcome to the family, Cas, you’ve always been a Winchester and will always be one.”
Sam smiled, thinking about his family, he was glad that they are all together finally again. He wished he could see them, but was glad that his time wasn’t up just yet. Dean’s face never changed, he had a look of concern, yet glad.
Sam paused, he set down the pool cue on the table and went over to Cas. “Why not? He’s able to see it now.”
“But your Dad, he… he seemed upset by it. I don’t know why though, shouldn’t he want you to be happy?” Jack said, his brow creased in confusion.
Dean clenched his legs around Cas and held on tightly as Cas began to thrust upwards and into him. Dean’s cock pressed firmly against Castiel’s stomach, the friction drove him mad. He moaned into the angel’s mouth as he pounded into his hole.
Dean opened his eyes slowly. He felt a heaviness around his waist. Confused at first, then he remembered it was Cas. His breathing hitched, realizing that Cas was bed next to him.
Jack stayed quiet for a moment, letting Dean think about this a bit more. He was okay with making Dean into an angel. He actually liked the idea of having both of his Dad’s being angels. He wanted them to be together for the rest of eternity. Whether that means them as humans, angels or one human and one angel. They deserved eternity.
The angel wanted to take it slow, as to not hurt Dean. But he also wanted to dive in deeper and stretch him out. Dean wrapped his legs around Cas’ waist, locking them together. He reached up and put his arms around his neck and pulled him down. Cas kissed Dean as he thrust his cock into him, inching deeper and deeper.
Cas hadn’t realized that he had just been staring at Dean, starry eyed for over a minute now. It was being to worry Dean, who thought that Cas was trying to decide if he wanted to marry him or not. The silence from Castiel was making him nervous. A haunting thought of Cas regretting it and saying no sneaked into Dean’s mind.
He rarely stopped by the cabin. He had only had it since Jack got him out of the Empty. He wanted his own space in Heaven. A place he could go and think. In the beginning he wasn’t sure if he would be able to return to Earth and the Winchester’s for a while, and the room with the memories made him feel safe.
“I know, Dean. I wanted to come home, I really did. But it wasn’t a good time. I promise the work in Heaven is nearly done. I’ll come home more then,” replied Jack, giving Dean a reassuring smile.
The bar was packed more than usual, but then again it was Saturday night. He looked around and didn’t see Dean anywhere as he sat down at the bar. Pamela saw him and made her way over to where he was seated. Her smile was wide as her eyes lit up.
He was seeing Dean’s grace as well. He never imagined what Dean would look like as an angel. He couldn’t imagine that Dean would be this beautiful. His grace was bright, shining all around him, circling his body.
If you didn’t accept us then you shouldn’t have come here. I really do hope that you can one day, Dad. I really do. Cause even with all the bullshit and trauma I went through because of you, for some reason I still love you. I miss you every day, Dad. But I don’t think I can miss someone who doesn’t want me to be happy.”
Cas took Dean’s hand, comforting him. John wasn’t the best father, far from it actually. The whole reason Sam and Dean began hunting in the first place was because of their Dad. It was a life that he chose for them. Dean tried to push out all the bad memories of his father. And even with all of John’s faults, Dean always wanted his family to be together.
Dean came in, his face stained with tears. Eileen saw him first and went to him, hugging him tightly. She wiped away the wetness on his face. Sam followed behind her, setting down the book he held in his hand.
Dean could hear the pleading in Jack’s voice. He didn’t want to but he knew that it might not be safe for him to be in the room. He gave Cas a kiss, and pressed his forehead against the angel’s.
Sam and Dean were confused by the sudden and gradual changes in Castiel. Eating and drinking was one thing, but the fact that he was now sleeping made them all think that something was terribly wrong.
When he was twenty he realized that he was bi, and it ate at him for weeks. Terrified of who he really was. The bullshit that his father put in his head made him not want to ever come out. And he didn’t for years. It wasn’t until he went to Purgatory that he allowed himself to be open. Benny was his first real boyfriend, and that didn’t end well. When he finally did come out he was in his thirties, and he only told Sam.
Cas put his hand on Dean’s shoulder as Dean focused on where he wanted to be. He thought of Sam in the bunker, probably worried about them. As he focused his grace onto Sam’s energy he was suddenly standing directly in front of Sam.
Jack sat in the garden on a bench watching the bee’s buzz by gently. He smiled as he saw Cas and Dean walking towards him. He raised his hand, spreading his fingers out to greet them.
“I know. I don’t have many people left. And when he does die, he’ll be in Heaven. And we can hang out anytime we want. Plus think about how amazing hunters we’d be. Unless someone had an angel blade, Cas and I are good, no monster is going to kill us. They aren’t usually smart enough to even know what an angel blade is, let alone how to get their hands on one.”
Dean had gotten a hang of most of his new powers. Teleporting was getting much easier, and angel radio was now easy to turn on and off for him. But it was smiting that he learned the quickest. Smiting monsters for two weeks was a hell of a good time, though Dean did prefer his guns and knives at the end of the day.
“There’s a bad joke in here somewhere,” said Dean, amused at the whole situation. “So we are just going to have people come in and out of the storage closet all the time like a bad sitcom gag.”
Rachel stared at him, waiting for his answer. Cas shook away the thought and told her he was fine, she didn’t believe him. “There’s something up with you lately, Castiel.”
Dean looked at the angel. Cas was something else. “That’s actually a really good idea, babe. But it kind of makes the cameras obvious.”
“I just miss you, Jack. This is still your home, you’re still family, Jack. You are a Winchester, and there ain’t a lot of us out there, it’s really just me and Sam. Come home, every once in a while. Please.”
“Jack, what are we doing in the storage closet?” Dean asked him, the tight space was cramped and uncomfortable.
It had been almost a week since Chuck had shot at Jack and hit Castiel instead. Chuck had been salted and burned. There was no sadness at his death, no one shed a tear. Rowena had been told, and was excited to have the man who was once God in Hell.
The two tried to undress each other without breaking the kiss again. But this only frustrated Cas, who instead used his powers to make their clothes disappear and reappear in a pile on the floor. Dean smiled against his lips, Cas was adorable when he was frustrated like that.
Dean took one hand off the wheel and held it out for Cas to take. He brought Cas’ hand to his lips and kissed it.
“I was supposed to get you out, that’s it. I didn’t do that though. I disobeyed Heaven for you, Dean. I rebelled, that’s not something you want to do when it comes to Heaven, well at least back then.”
Castiel’s wings vanished and he rolled over to his back. Gabriel picked up the bullet, making the blood on it disappear before he vanished as well. He took it to Sam, to see if it would help him in his search.
Dean smiled and continued to kiss Cas. Moving his hips forward, grinding his cock into the angel’s. Cas’ body was stiff, but soon began to move with Dean.
Dean took a break from winning several games of pool against a group of drunken college students to head to the bar to get the three of them more drinks. Cas wasn’t interested in playing and instead he just watched intensely.
“We have a normal relationship and a normal life. Just because you are an angel doesn’t mean that what we have isn’t normal. And I don’t know if you’ve noticed or not, but nothing in my life has ever been normal. It’s normal for me though. Besides, what happens when you die, as a human?”
Dean’s face turned stone, prompting Michael and Sam to focus on his half of the conversation. “What do you mean? There were three of them, we killed all three.”
He moved the left wing up and down and brought it in front of him. He reached out and touched one of the golden secondary feathers. It felt like how Castiel’s did that day in the infirmary. Softer than anything Dean had ever touched before, but felt strong. He stretched it out again before folding them back behind him.
They had no need for sleep nor food, their bodies never requiring fuel to keep going. They could go on and on for years to come, all they needed to keep going was each other. And while they were more than happy to continue on their journey, they wished to return home back on Earth. They had begun their journey on the night of their wedding, and it was finally time to return to Lebanon, Kansas. Home.
When Dean woke up that morning he didn’t expect the day to end with him being an angel and having to begin planning his own wedding. It was all so sudden, but glad of it. Dean began to search online for how-to’s on how to go about planning a wedding. But couldn’t find anything that was right for him and Cas.
“Jack, if Cas decides to be an angel again, then I decide to be an angel also. That way we can still grow old together, at the same rate. Well, your Dad will always be much, much older than I am. But the point remains, we’d be able to be the same, and be together. But if he doesn’t want that for me, then I won’t do it.”
“Hey says that he saw my true form. But I was curious about it after he told me, I had never heard of a demon seeing an angel's true form. Just part of it. Angels, we can see each other’s grace and wings whenever we want. It’s like angel radio, we can turn it on and off. But demons, I wasn’t sure.”
“I’m sorry, Sam. We didn’t realize how much time had passed. I hope we didn’t worry you and Eileen too much,” stated Cas firmly.
Jack put his hands on his temple, and once again his eyes glowed gold. Dean felt a sudden surge of power flowing into him from Jack’s fingertips. It flowed through his entire body like electricity. He could hear the energy, pounding through his veins. And as Jack removed his hands, it kept flowing.
Dean took a deep breath before he pushed the tweezers into the wound trying to get ahold of the bullet. He waited a moment, waiting for the beam of energy that Jack and Gabriel had experienced, but it never came for him. It did for Castiel though, who screamed out in pain. Dean quickly grapped the bullet with the tweezers and gently pulled it out. He dropped it onto the table with a metallic ping.
“There’s also another issue. Our true forms are, well they are frightening. This vessel is tiny compared to my real size. You’ve seen descriptions of angel’s true forms. In real life it’s much more massive and strange.”
Rowena sat down at the head of the table, the rest followed suit and sat down as well. Rowena looked around the table at the Winchester’s, smiling at how far they had all come together. All that they had been through and will go through.
Raphael looked at the three of them. “Sorry didn’t mean to interrupt you talking to prissy faggot number one and depressed faggot number two,” he said with a laugh.
Rowena smiled and turned to Castiel. “And dear Castiel, do you take Dean to be your husband. To have and to hold from this day til’ the ends of the universe. For better or for worse, for angel, for human, in Heaven and on Earth, to love and to cherish; from this day forward.”
The three angels nodded and disappeared. This left only Dean and Gabriel in the room with them. Dean was at Cas’ side, tears ran down his face. He didn’t like seeing Cas like this, he didn’t want to lose him. Not again.
The sound of footsteps running down the hall to the kitchen startled Dean. Cas stumbled into the room, a look of excitement on his face.
Sam smiled, it was rare these days to see Dean happy, even if he was faking it to make him feel better. He saw his brother change these past few months, since Cas died. He watched as Dean fell deeper into a depression. He drank more, stayed in his room most of the time. Sam could tell that there was something that happened that he didn’t know about. He didn’t press though, he knew better than that. Forcing Dean to open up was never a good idea, no chick flick moments.
What began as a gentle kiss in the night, it was soon heated with desire and need for each other. Their hands found each other’s faces, back and chest. They grabbed at each other, needing to hold on tightly as if they would float away if one of them let go. Their tongues and lips crashed against each other, dancing and battling.
If he became an angel again, there was one major perk to it. He could protect Dean, and the rest of his human family. As a human he wouldn’t be able to, at least not to the same extent. And ultimately that was the most important thing to Cas, protecting his family.
“No? No?” Chuck asked loudly. He was done being nice. “You don’t get to tell me ‘no’. You are the one who did this to me. You may be taking over as God now, but I was God since the beginning, before the beginning even!”
Castiel looked at Dean, tears threatening to swell in his eyes. He prayed it wasn’t true, he didn’t have the strength to go through everything again. And he knew that this time around there would be no coming back from it.
“Dammit. Hannah said something similar yesterday. Rachel, I’m not forming any habits, I don’t know where Meg got that from.”
After dinner Jack and his Dads went back to the infirmary to take a look at Castiel’s wings to see if they had healed properly. And if he could even bring them forth to the material world.  Cas was nervous about this, he hadn’t told Dean or Jack that he could feel his wings and his true form getting weaker as his body was feeling better.
When questioned, Cas said the truth, that he felt fine but off. He didn’t feel as weak as he did when he was shot, and his wing was feeling back to normal. It wasn’t until exactly ten days after the incident with Chuck, that Cas finally admitted something was very, very wrong.
Dean paused. He stepped towards Cas, stopping a foot in front of him. Cas had a puzzled look on his face. The lights from the Impala illuminating them in the darkness.
Dean suddenly felt sad. “Yeah, but most of my family and friends are dead. Most of them are in Heaven.”
“I didn’t understand what she meant by that. But I did, I loved you, Dean. I have loved you from the moment I pulled you out of Hell. I rebelled against Heaven because I loved you. I don’t regret any of it. If I never did I wouldn’t be here right now, and I wouldn’t have had this amazing life that I do. I am older than you can fathom, Dean. But I can honestly say that in the eons that I have been alive, these past twelve years have been the best of them.”
Dean watched as Cas shifted his feet. He thought about what Cas had said earlier to Jack, that they were together. They didn’t formally talk about it, he didn’t mind, and was glad that it was out in the open between them.
Finally Cas found some things he liked. After a little over an hour of shopping they finally left the store. Cas ended up picking out several shirts, a hoodie, some jeans. Cas has wandered into the work clothing area and found flannel and work shirts. Just like the ones Dean wore. Like the majority of hunters.
“Raphael gets back,” she answered for him. “Yeah, I heard about what he did to you a few weeks ago. He’s an asshole, don’t let it get to you. But you shouldn’t start forming any… habits… because of an asshole roommate.”
Chuck shuffled his feet, a nervous tic he hadn’t realized he had until this moment. Being mortal hadn’t suited him. It hadn’t been that long, but it was far too long for his liking.
Cas frowned as his brow knitted together. He had been thinking about what this could mean since that day in the warehouse with the demons. He had thought that it was nothing at first, a way for the demon to slow Dean down, catch him off guard. But the more and more he had thought about it the more it became worrisome.
Even with the pain of what had happened, being with Sam did make things easier. His brother was there for him, even if Dean never told him the full truth about what had happened.
Several days passed and Charlie stopped by to visit the boys. Everyone had taken notice of Dean's limping, but the warning glares from him made them back off. Charlie on the other hand, ignored the looks. A quick nod to Cas told him what she wanted, to get Dean to take off his boot and show them how the wound was healing.
With a simple thought, Cas removed both of their clothing. Naked in Castiel’s garden, the two angels never broke away from the kiss as they ran their hands over each other’s bodies. Cas’ touch sent electric pulses down Dean’s spine, making his cock swell with need.
Cas positioned himself between Dean’s legs, his eyes wide and unsure of what to do, but his body knew. Dean grabbed the bottle again and poured some into his hand before rubbing it on the angel’s cock. Stroking it, making sure it was ready for him.
Soon the three of them were on the road. They got to the small town by nightfall. Finding a motel and crashing into their beds. Morning came too slowly. Dean really did want to get back to hunting. Maybe taking his anger at himself out on monsters would help, just like he used to.
They wandered in silence for a while, walking hand in hand. Cas pointed out important and special areas of the garden. He told Dean the names of all the plants and flowers. Dean was impressed by Castiel’s garden. It was beautiful.
Dean Winchester had never planned a wedding. Nor had he ever even imagined that one day he would be planning his own. And if you had told him over a decade ago that the dorky little angel with the spikey hair and backwards tie would be the one that he would be marrying he would have laughed at you. And if you then told him that he would be marrying that angel in Heaven and that he too would be an angel he would have thrown holy water on you, suspecting that you were a demon trying to trick him.
Cas’ eyes looked down, nervously. He had thought that Dean would prefer it if they were both human. The fact that Dean wanted him as he truly was was a comforting thought. It meant that Dean really did love him.
Sam wondered what Dean’s reaction would be to seeing Cas. Especially after what he had confessed to him earlier. He knew it would be a difficult reunion for the both of them.
Cas watched as she exited the bookshop, the bell above the door dinging as she left. Taking a look at his watch he saw that it was only two in the afternoon and he didn’t get off work until seven. He would be closing tonight, which meant that he wouldn’t get back to the dorm until well after. Closing always meant doing the day's paperwork as well.
Dean hadn’t realized just how tired he was. Cas was right, he hated it, but he was right. Cas reached out to touch his shoulder again, Dean didn’t have time to react and he was suddenly in his bedroom again.
They found themselves being cut off by Pamela several hours later. Cas came out of his shell after a few drinks, and a few more after that he was struggling to walk straight. Pamela told them to get going, that it was time for them to head back to their own homes. Dean laughed at her, but knew better than to argue in his drunken state against his boss.
The entrance to Heaven for everyone else was in Harvelle’s. But for the husbands-to-be it was in a secluded spot in Castiel’s garden. Sam, Jack and Claire were there waiting for them. They all prepared themselves for what was about to happen. After a few moments Jack disappeared before reappearing quickly with someone else.
“Do you remember the night I woke up from the coma, after I helped heal Sam? When the angels came to get Kevin, Hester said that I had fallen in every way imaginable. At the time, while I wasn’t fully there-“
Cas slammed into him, letting go of every thought other than the need to fill him. To fuck him hard. He moaned as he closed his eyes and threw his head back. He pumped into Dean, filling his ass with his come. His hand moved up and down, squeezing at the head and the base with each stroke. Dean’s cock spilled out onto his stomach, covering it with his come.
Dean closed his eyes, trying to obey the angel next to him. But he wanted to see those eyes again, he loved the color, the intensity. He looked at Cas again who had closed his eyes like Dean had suggested. He leaned forward and pressed his lips against his. Cas’ eyes fluttered open in surprise before closing them again and opening his mouth to take in Dean’s kiss deeper.
Dean tried to come out of the darkness that flooded him, he really did try. For Sammy’s sake. He knew his brother hated seeing him like this, and he hated the pain in Sam’s eye’s when they looked at each other.
“Boys, I am so happy for you both,” began Rowena. She continued, speaking louder for everyone to hear, “We are all gathered here today to witness the bond of marriage between these two men, hunters and angels. A bond that began in Hell and truly begins in Heaven, right here and now. A love powerful enough to transcend beyond Heaven and Earth, and defied death countless times. Shall we begin, then.
Castiel gave Dean one last long kiss before rolling off of him. They laid there on their backs, Dean’s chest rising and falling as he breathed heavily. Sweat pouring out of him, his vision slightly blurry from squeezing them so tightly. Cas on the other hand laid there with no difference in his breathing from before they began, not a single droplet of sweat came from his pores.
Sam reassured Dean that they would find the answer. The three quickly got to work on searching the library's vast number of books. Looking for anything that resembled the symbols on the gun. Several hours passed, Sam and Eileen soon had a pile of books on the table, ones that they had gone through, and a pile of books to be looked over was piling up. Every once in a while a scream could be heard.
Dean clung to the words ‘all of us’. He knew Cas meant for him and Dean. But Cas probably wanted to keep that between them. He wondered when he would get a chance to talk to Cas again in private about it.
Dean stepped down onto a large plank of wood on the floor and felt the sudden sharp pain in the sole of his foot.
Not long after Dean fell asleep he was suddenly woken up by the feeling of a presence in the room. Sitting upright, he tried to see in the darkness. Finally he turned on the light on the nightstand, Cas was standing on the end of his bed.
Dean stepped in closer, moving his head towards Cas, who was frozen in place. Dean leaned in, his lips mere inches from the angels. Dean closed his eyes and pressed his lips to Castiel’s. The angel’s lip’s were soft and full, they parted slightly, allowing Dean to deepen the kiss. Cas tasted sweeter than anything Dean had ever tasted before. His mouth was soft and gentle.
Dean turned the corner at the general store, it was a residential street, lined with quaint houses with small yards out front and more normal sized ones in the back. He would normally take this route with Miracle, since there was a small dog park at the end of the street. Halfway down the road Dean stopped. An uneasy feeling washed over him.
Cas nodded before turning to leave. He didn’t want to stick around to see what happened next. Meg was stronger than she looked, it definitely took Raphael by surprise. He didn’t want to think about what would be coming for him back at the dorm when they were both there.
Cas narrowed his eyes, tilting his head to the side slightly. “Yes, I’m an angel, Dean. You know this.”
Dean took a deep breath and began. “It said that something was coming for me- for us. Whatever ‘it’ is, he said that it was coming to take back what it was owed. I got no clue what that could mean.”
He looked around and saw the garden, it was different now. The colors of the plants and flowers were more vivid, the sounds of the insects and birds were like music on the wind. He looked back at Cas and Jack and it was like looking at them for the first time.
“Okay, I’ll do it. But you have to talk to Dad about this,” said Jack, finally breaking the silence.
“You said you saw my true form when you were a demon. It turns out that you saw my grace. Angels can see each other’s grace when they want to, if you try you can see mine again, as I can see yours. I actually enjoy looking at yours. But it turns out demons can see it as well, it was something I didn’t know about until recently.
Sam entered back into the room before Dean could finish his sentence. Cas watched Dean, unsure of what the hunter was going to tell him. Dean was frustrated at not being able to tell Cas that it wasn’t one sided. He would have to try again another time.
Jack looked at Dean, and said, “Actually, I wanted to talk to you about that. You know I see you and Castiel as my father’s. I was wondering if I could call you Dad as well?”
Alone in his bedroom, Dean tossed and turned. Unable to fall asleep. Finally after what seemed like hours, he sat up and moved to the edge of the bed, throwing his legs over the side. He closed his eyes and searched for the words.
Dean took a moment to collect his thoughts. He tried to push the negative thoughts of Cas dying, again, to the farthest corners of his mind. He wasn’t able to fully, but he could at least fake it for the moment.
“Garden? You have a garden in Heaven? Wait, it’s not The Garden is it?” Dean asked, glancing at Cas as they cruised down the highway.
Dean cut him off, stepping towards him and kissing him. Cas was taken back by the kiss at first before leaning into it, closing his eyes. Dean tasted like beer as he parted his lips letting the bartender's tongue slide inside. Before Cas could deepen the kiss further Dean broke away. Cas smiled at Dean, his face flushing deep red.
Dean was out before he knew what was happening. Cas laid him back gently, covering him with the blanket that was pulled back. He watched as Dean slept soundly.
Sam was concerned for his brother. It wasn’t like him to pass up a chance to kill some monsters. It had been almost six months. Dean rarely left the bunker, only to take Baby out for a spin or for supply runs.
Hannah put the book in her bag. “I’m just worried for you, okay. First I find out you are failing almost all of your classes, and now you of all people are hanging out in a crap bar. It’s not like you, Castiel.”
“Then you’ll be in good hands. Rowena is Queen, Hell is running better than ever.  And Heaven is allied with Hell now.”
All day the next day Cas couldn’t help but feel excited. He had to just get through this one day of classes, then a half day tomorrow before he would head back to the bar to spend time with Dean.
Dean focused and the echoing sounds disappeared. He would have to get used to that. Jack seemed to be focused on angel radio as well, replying to whatever angel sent the message out.
For starters, him being thirsty that day in the infirmary didn’t go away. It came back every once in a while throughout the day. And hunger started to creep its way in. He didn’t say anything about it though, he didn’t want to worry his family. He snuck meals in whenever he did get hungry, and ate a little bit of the dinner each night. He was glad that they always fixed him a plate as well, even if he didn’t normally eat.
Dean stepped forward and grabbed Cas, pulling him in to embrace him. Dean held the angel tightly, clenching his coat in his fist. Cas felt real, realer than anything Dean ever experienced in his dreams.
Dean took out his ring first, his silver ring, resized magically a few days before. He held it in his hand tightly, letting his grace flow ever so gently through his hand and into the groove in the middle, filling it with a bright white glow. Cas held out his hand as Dean slipped it onto his finger.
The older angel thrust deep and hard, the angle hitting Dean’s prostate just right, sending him closer and closer to climax. Dean held on, nails digging into uCas’ back as he moved his hips in tune with Castiel’s thrusting.
Dean had tried to see if Eileen could have helped him with the designing of the cards, but she was just as clueless as he was. Every other site they tried was just the same, and more expensive at that as well. Money wasn’t an issue, they still had those limitless credit cards that Charlie had set them up with. But it was still the principal of it. He didn’t see any sense in spending hundreds on cards that would most likely be tossed after the guest RSVPed to the wedding.
Castiel and Sam returned to the bunker the next day. The vampire that they had been hunting turned out to be a whole pack of them. When they finally did arrive home, they found Dean and Eileen in the shooting range having a little too much fun with Dean’s new angelic powers.
Cas appreciated Dean trying to comfort him, in his own way. But he wasn’t sure if Jack making him an angel again would be the right thing to do. He stayed silent for a few minutes, pondering over the situation.
Dean’s begging moans made Cas thrust harder and harder. Faster and faster. His hand pumping the hunter’s cock in rhythm and speed to his thrusting. Dean moved his hands to the bed, gripping the sheets tightly, threatening to pull them up off the mattress. His eyes closed tightly, jaw clenched as he began to come.
Dean sat up and stared at Cas. He wondered if the angel was serious. Would he be able to see Cas’ true form again? Would that even be safe? He didn’t want his eyes to burn out of his skull. If he was honest with himself, which he was, he didn’t have to ever see his true form again. Even though this body was just a vessel, it was still Cas, his Cas. And that was enough.
“Yeah, he did just tell God’s Dad that he didn’t support him. Oh and that Dad is an archangel,” Sam said with a chuckle.
Dean headed out of their bedroom, still laughing to himself. Even after all this time on Earth, and after everything he had learned. Cas was still Cas, some things just went over his head. It was adorable really, one of the many things that Dean loved about him.
Dean didn’t get another chance alone with Cas that day. Every time he did either Sam or Eileen would come into the room. By time night came, he knew that he needed to get it out there. He had to say something.
“Yeah, about that,” Dean replied nervously, he shifted his stance before continuing, “Cas I have no clue where to even begin. I’ve never done anything like this before. Besides, we don’t even have a date set. Plus it hasn’t been that long since I even asked you to marry me.”
Several hours passed, Jack had said his goodbyes for now, reminding everyone if they needed him to just pray for him. Dean knew that he would return again next week for dinner as well, and in the meantime he would come whenever he was needed or wanted.
Over the next two days Cas felt his grace leave his body. He felt weaker than he ever had before. When he woke up on the third day he couldn’t feel his wings anymore, and the presence of his grace was gone. He was human, completely and utterly human.
Dean closed his eyes, the feeling was overwhelming. It wasn’t uncomfortable or painful, but it was too much for him. Cas quickly went to his side, steadying him on his feet.
“I lied. When I got Cas and Gabriel back I also got Michael back. I needed all the help I could get,” replied Jack, he had no regrets on who he saved from the Empty.
“Dean, I’m not sure what I want. I want to grow old with you, I want to experience life with you. But I also know what you want, and I know that life won’t be the same if I was human. Please, I need time to think about this.”
“Yes, but that was different. I was human then. Also she’s a… and your…” Cas stumbled over his words.
“He is mortal now, just as human as you three are,” stated Jack, looking at the three humans in the room.
“You are your own vessel. Your body is, at least. You will have this form and your celestial form. Both are you though. The new angels are the same way. But the ones made by Chuck have human vessels, they don’t have an original human form.”
Dean thought about it for a moment. Jack did say that they would basically die and be reborn as angels. But he wasn’t exactly sure what that meant.
He had to figure out quickly how to block it out when Gabriel learned that he was an angel now and kept calling him on angel radio singing show tunes for hours on end. That didn’t stop Dean from calling Cas every once in a while to tell him how his day was going, which Cas much preferred over the constant ‘Hey Cas, if I jump off of the bunker will my wings come out instinctively or will I just hit the ground?’
The Winchester’s and their family both blood and chosen sat enjoying being together over their meals. They were reunited together, some for the rest of forever and some for just the night. But even then one day they would all be together forever. While many had thought that being together for just the night would be a sad event, not a single soul was sad. Just being together, even for a short time, for such an event was happiness.
“Well, your son is God after all now. I couldn’t miss this wedding. Also Jack gave me a very important role, I’ll be officiating the ceremony!”
Dean nodded, and put the keys in the ignition. Baby started up with that beautiful rumbling purr that Dean adored so much. He didn’t think he should ask Cas what Jack wanted. Heaven was in good hands, and it was far out of the reach of Dean’s understanding of what exactly they were doing. He knew the basics, making Heaven what it always should have been, creating new angels, and the like. But other than that, the how, he didn’t think he could understand. Though Jack and Castiel thought different.
Cas went to a pile of paperwork behind the counter, the list of books that they had ordered away for in the past few weeks. He made a mental note to organize it. “She has the day off, but I can check for you.”
Sam and Dean were shocked that their little half brother, Adam, was back. He explained to them that he wasn’t exactly alive, he did prefer life in Heaven, Earth was complicated and after years being locked away in the Cage he didn’t really feel like it was right. But Heaven felt right, it was paradise.
Cas rolled his eyes. “No, Dean. You need to let me heal you when I ask you to. I wouldn’t offer it if I didn’t think it was a big deal. That nail was very old, at least a hundred years. No clue what was on it.”
“I have plans this Friday, but maybe next one,” he said, handing her the book. He had seen that it was already paid for.
His hands squeezing Castiel’s as his hips worked faster and faster as he neared closer to orgasm. Dean came hard, his come forcing out of him with a blast. As he came out and onto Cas’ hands and stomach, his wings shot out and into the open air. Jetting out of his back, he involuntarily stretched them straight out and to the sides, shadowing the magnificent sun in their massive display.
“Destroyed? You are alive, I let you live. They would have killed you on the spot given the chance.”
But Dean also knew he’d never get a second chance. He barely even ever had a chance, at least when it came to relationships. Every single one was doomed from the start. He had something good with Lisa, but it was such a bad time for him. In the back of his mind he always felt like he entered into it only because of the impending doom, and then Sam going to the Cage with Lucifer and Michael. He was alone and he didn't want that.
They pressed their bodies against each other, their legs intertwined together. Cocks pressed against one another, their hips moved on their own. Rubbing, grinding, pressed together. Dean broke away from the kiss, moving down to Cas’ neck. Licking, sucking and biting at it. Cas moaned loudly, the sensation was new to him. Dean loved the sounds Cas made as he moved back up to his lips.
Not even Jack knew what to do, he looked at the gun in his hand. It looked like a normal gun, but it had strange symbols carved all over it. He couldn’t understand what they meant. He knew that he had to help Cas, he had to find a way.
Eileen was soon tired, it had been a long day. Sam yawned, he wasn’t ready for bed, but he knew that Dean and the angels needed to talk in private. The two of them excused themselves and went off to get ready for bed.
“Wait, you still have that angel taking you for a ride?” Dean questioned. He turned to Jack, “I thought you said Gabriel was the only archangel you brought back from the Empty?”
Chuck laughed. The thought of someone who created Heaven and Hell and all the lands, becoming a demon. He thought it would be quite the turn of events if did and made his way up through the ranks of Hell and dethroned the witch Rowena. He couldn’t let Jack do that.
A small cabin, not that different looking from the small cabins that Bobby had hidden away for hunters all over the place. But this one was different in the fact that it was Castiel’s. It had only two rooms. One was a large common area, the other was his room.
One was pulled up and tugged to the side, while the other was stretched out against the bed and hanging off. That one had blood on it, and a visible wound. The feathers around the wound were broken, several laid on the floor.
“We’ll figure this out, Cas. I promise,” the Winchester said gently as he caressed the angel’s face gently with his hand.
“Okay, so get this, there’s lore here about an ancient language, like enochian before enochian. It’s said that it’s what God originally spoke,” said Sam.
“If John ain’t gonna go I sure as hell am. I have watched as you boys grew up into incredible men. I never had children of my own and I used to regret it. But now I know that I didn’t need to, I had you boys. My only regret is that Karen wasn’t there alongside me. And when Cas came along into your boy's life like so many people have said already, everything changed. Dean, I watched you go from an angry blunt weapon to a man capable of anything. And like Sam said, it was annoying watching the two of you so obviously in love. You’re a couple of idijits for not seeing it sooner. I’m proud of you boys, all three of you. But tonight especially for Dean and Cas. You got something special, hold on to each other.”
Dean Winchester began to move, his bones threatened to ache but never got the chance to as he slowly stood up. He stretched his body, realizing just how much he missed having one.
Dean stayed silent as he drove them back home to the bunker. The idea of Heaven being open, everyone that he knew and loved that had passed, all together brought him comfort. It was the way things should have been. He cursed Chuck for everything that he had done, how he had run Heaven before abandoning to the angels. And especially for everything he had put Dean through, Sam and Cas as well. None of them ever deserved this.
“I need to get to bed. I’m sure you both are gonna head back to Heaven,” said Dean as he stood up stretching.
Castiel walked him through how to leave his body and take on his true celestial form again before they sat down in bed. They took each other’s hands, staring into each other’s eyes as they laid back on the bed. Their eyes glowed whitish blue as they began to leave their vessels.
Dean and Jack headed back to the infirmary. Castiel was still in the bed laying on his side. If he could sleep he’d be passed out from the pain. Dean choked back tears, seeing his angel like his hurt his very soul.
He didn’t know what to say. He wanted to marry Dean more than anything. The sudden decision from Dean to become an angel and his proposal all within several minutes was too much for Castiel to process.
Dean reached down to welcome the shaggy dog into his arms. He could tell that Miracle needed to let out some energy, and the bunker wasn’t the best place for that always. He put Baby out of his mind, as much as Dean Winchester was able to, and grabbed the leash, heading out for a walk.
Dean and Cas laid in bed in each other's arms. They were close to falling asleep, only making it obvious that they were still awake whenever one of them moved or leaned in for a quick kiss.
Before he knew it, Castiel was fast asleep. He dreamt of the next night, sitting at a lone table in the bar, Dean sitting across from him. They laughed and drank together, the rest of the bar was blurry, only Dean was visible. He was jolted awake from the dream when he heard Raphael come into the dorm, laughing and talking on the phone with someone. Cas groaned, taking a look at the clock, two in the morning.
Dean paused. He was amazed at Jack. Amazed that the son of Lucifer was acting as God now. Hell, he was God now. Fixing Heaven, creating new angels. Dean was glad he had a hand in making Jack the man he is today.
Dean took a moment to enjoy the view before it was time for them both to be angels. Jack stood nearby, patiently waiting. Neither Dean nor Castiel had any regrets or doubts about their decisions. When they were both ready they turned to their son.
Dean couldn’t help but smile at the head tilt. “No, it’s fine, she can handle it. But she did say something interesting. Remember what that demon said to me before I killed it?”
She laughed softly, “Yes, really. For women it’s called a maid of honor. But that’s normally something the bride has. But I guess whatever you want to call me doesn’t matter. But yeah, I’ll do it.”
Protected by several angels, as well as Gabriel and Castiel, Jack approached Chuck. Sam, Dean and Eileen approached along with them from the sides, Sam and Eileen on one side, Dean on the other, making sure to stay hidden and silent through the woods. Jack was the only one that Chuck could actually see.
And as far as the little bit of smut, don’t worry. I’m going to include more in the second story I have planned. Plus hopefully more stories outside of this one soon here.
“Johnathan, Katie, go and retrieve Chuck’s body, we have to salt and burn him. Claudia, get in contact with Hell, Rowena needs to know what happened. I’m sure Chuck is already there, but she needs to know.”
Cas who didn’t usually eat, even got his burger ready and filled his plate. He didn’t care if he could only taste the molecules, Dean made it, and tonight was special.
Jack and Cas laughed. Dean’s reaction to seeing them as they truly were, in their bodies, was exactly what they had thought it would be. Dean was bewildered by the sight of Cas’ garden, and of them.
“I love you, Cas. These next hundreds of thousands of years will be the best for the both of us,” Dean paused, trying to process what he just said. “Wow, that is strange to think about.”
Dean pushed the wedding to the farthest corner of his mind, and turned his attention to more exciting things. Jack had made a surprise visit today to give Dean a gift. He had given Jack the task then of taking care of the wedding on Heaven’s side of things. Which mostly meant making sure that those who were still alive in unharmed.
Dean felt like he was on the verge of tears. He had to take a moment to try to calm himself. He didn’t want Sam to see him like that. But the tears fell anyway.
Dean let go for a moment to grab his own cock before pressing it against the angel’s and began to stroke them against each other. Their hips moved together, pumping into Dean’s hand. They moaned into each other’s kiss; wanting and needing each other.
“Yeah, well, I mean being in a relationship with another guy. I mean, I’ve known for years now about how you felt.”
“Yeah, like years of having to eat, go to the bathroom and sleep. On repeat until you die. Won’t that get annoying?”
But just as the fear began to sink in, the room was filled again with the unmistakable sound of an angel landing coming from behind him. Dean spun around, Cas was standing not two feet from him.
Cas was taken back slightly by the question. It was an odd one for Dean this time in the morning. He thought of Jimmy, who was in Heaven now. Jimmy Novak was a good man, he deserved better than but then again he did his duty to Heaven which is all he ever wanted in life.
Dean moved closer to Cas, he reached his hand up to the angel’s face. He gently caressed his cheek, feeling the stubble along Cas’ jawline.
“Jesus, Jack! I’ve been praying for months, you never answer my calls!” Dean blurted out, not realizing how harsh he sounded.
“Cas, I love you. I have always loved you. At every turn since you pulled me out of Hell, we have been destined to be together yet throw apart from one another. And now we finally have each other. And I don’t want it any other way. I want to be an angel with you. I want that more than anything, because it means that we’d have forever together.”
“Look, Cas, if you really want this, I’m not going to stop you. But it’s not what I want. I want the real you, the angel you. If you become and stay a human, it’s not going to stop me from loving and wanting you though.”
“Yeah, he’s just in the back right now,” she paused, giving Cas a once over before continuing, “You know, nights you come in Dean seems much happier. Nights that you don’t come in, he talks about you.”
Before any of them could get another word in, Rachel came up to them. She caught Castiel’s glance. “Cas, did you let it slip to your roommate about the party?”
“I…” he paused, not sure how to even begin to say what he knew he was going to say. “I need to speak to them. I have something to ask them.”
Castiel pounded harder, his cock throbbing, threatening to fill Dean’s tight hole. His eyes glowed blueish white as he began to come. Letting his grace slip from his cock and into Dean, sending him over the edge. Dean cried out as he began to come, spilling out onto Cas’ stomach. His balls tightened, cock throbbed, eyes glowed as his loud moans were muffled by Castiel’s mouth.
“Well, Jack and I aren’t finished. Chuck left a mess, and it’s our job to clean it up. But I’m back, I’ll be here whenever you need me.”
Dean walked over, his dark blue work shirt rolled up to his elbows. “Hey Cas!” He said over the music playing.
Dean laughed even harder, “No, Cas, it doesn’t mean you actually stole them. You know what, forget it. We’ll go after breakfast to get you some clothes.”
“I’ve never given it a thought. Wanna go to Vegas or something?” Dean asked, grinning from ear to ear.
“Wait, the Queen of Hell is officiating a wedding between two archangels in Heaven?” Claire asked, confused by everything suddenly.
Dean quickly went to Sam to look at the book he was reading from. “Okay so, what? Like Chuck and Amara’s first language. Can you translate it?”
He nodded as Sam and Dean walked into the library of the bunker. Eileen was already sitting at the table, waiting for everyone to gather. Dean quickly prayed to Cas and their son, Jack. The two of them were both in Heaven, spending the day together. The nephilim and archangel appeared in the room as Rowena let the toddler out of her arms.
Cas paused and looked up at her. Hannah was an assistant to one of their professors. She meant well but a lot of times she came off as meddlesome into other students' education.
Dean and his dog walked around the small town for a bit. Miracle got the attention he loved, while Dean made small talk with a few locals he had come to know, and others he only knew in passing. Lebanon was a nice town, small and quiet. Not the usual place for monsters to lurk about. Dean enjoyed that fact, given that his home was here, he much rather that the monsters and demons stayed away from where he could sleep safely each night.
Chuck had made the gun when he made the Equalizer. He found it rather ironic that Jack had the power to do to him what this gun could do.  He called it The Fall, and it was hidden away in his jacket. Not a living nor dead soul knew about it.
“No, it’s just weird to think about. After I had found out for myself that Heaven was just reliving old memories, I couldn’t imagine that Heaven would become what Jack and you have made it into. I haven’t been there since, and  I don’t plan on it for a long time. But I don’t know, it’s nice to think that Mom and Dad are together, for real and not just as memories.”
“Yes, I know that. But I also know that this is sudden, and we aren’t prepared for this. I think, I think I have to talk to him.”
“Dean, the reason I’m even thinking of doing this is so that we can be the same. If we were the same we could be on the same road together, forever. And once we die we’d both go to Heaven.”
Meanwhile Castiel got a call on angel radio. It was Jack, asking to see him in Heaven. He wondered if this meant he’d be gone awhile. But before he could respond Jack let him know it wasn’t any angelic duties he was being called for, but instead a family matter.
Cas took a deep breath before beginning. “I woke up in the Empty. I don’t know how long after I died it was. But Jack was there. He was talking to someone, I presume the Empty itself. They were arguing. Next thing I know I was in Heaven.
The bunker was silent, everyone was in bed. Dean and Cas laid in each other’s arms. Dean should have been asleep but he was enjoying this. He loved the feeling of Castiel’s arms wrapped around him. He loved talking to Cas in whispered tones at night.
“I’m fine with it. I’m happy for you, Sammy. I still say she could do better. But hey, sometimes we settle,” Dean replied smiling, his cheeks puffed out from the food he was still chewing.
But today he figured he would take Miracle into town for their walk. Miracle loved it when passerbyers came up to him and gave him pats on the head and gentle rubs behind the ears.
It was one thing to give a quick handy in the morning, and something entirely different to actually have sex. While Dean had been with men before Cas had not. And even though Cas had had sex before it was different with Dean. It would mean something, it would be for love. They were both nervous, even though they longed for each other in that way.
Jack thought for a moment before replying, “I’ll be home when you need me. When will Rowena be coming?”
The sound of footsteps caused Dean to focus on the environment around him. He looked over at the entrance as Sam stepped down into the kitchen. He was carrying two large paper bags, the smell of the food inside made Dean realize just how hungry he was.
“Dad, his wing was injured. I’m going to have to look at it. I’m not sure if you will be able to safely.”
Cas looked down at his lap. “Oh, I’m sorry, Dean. If I’m making you uncomfortable, or you feel things have changed between us, I’m sorry. I didn’t ever mean for things to be like that.”
Turning the corner and stepping down, Dean stared at Cas. He really was here, it wasn’t a dream, and he kept true to his word. He stayed. Dean went over and hugged Cas again, squeezing his shoulder as he pulled back.
Dean remembered The Garden in Heaven. It wasn’t Eden, at least Dean didn’t think it was. But it was beautiful. He smiled at the image of Cas working in a garden, bees collecting pollen from the flowers. He felt that Cas would be at peace there.
“He had made a deal with the Empty, to save Jack. His life for Jack’s. But the Empty would only take him once he had a moment of true happiness.”
“It doesn’t matter. I won’t allow you to see them. Chuck you need to leave. The only thing I can do for you is to ask Rowena to make sure that you are never demonized in Hell.”
“I do, yes,” began Jack. “I know what he has done, and still could do. But I can’t sit here and let him get a head start on whatever he is here for.”
“I’m not sure what it is exactly. But if we get near it, even if we aren’t physically touching it, it sends this beam of energy at us. It’s too painful to continue. But we think that it’s only harming us, because we are angels.”
They had given Jack a large stack of cards to hand out to those who were in Heaven. He happily took them, vanishing into thin air. Jack’s side of things took a much shorter time since almost everyone lived close by to each other in Heaven.
It came in handy when one of them didn’t want to drive into town, especially when they only wanted one thing. Like to pick up the mail or grab a snack from the small general store. Dean didn’t use it as much as Sam did though. He’d prefer to drive everywhere. Even a few miles alone in Baby was worth it, it was peaceful for him, those small trips.
Cas’ hands gripped his hips tighter as he began to come. His eyes threatened to squeeze shut tightly, but he forced them open. Staring into Dean’s eyes. He watched as Dean rose and fell on his throbbing cock. He reached down and began to stroke Dean’s, squeezing firmly yet gently with each stroke, up and down.
Dean began to move, slowly at first. Sliding up and down on Castiel’s length. Letting his cock stretch him out, filling him completely. Dean rolled his head back, letting out a moan. Cas placed his hands on Dean’s hips, guiding him with each movement he made.
“Don’t apologize. I don’t care about the risk, I had to try to help you. Besides, I’m okay. There was no risk after all.”
He embraced his brother and then Cas. Eileen congratulated them both, hugging them tightly. They were excited for Dean and Cas, this was the best news they had gotten in a while.
“No, well yes. But it’s not a big deal. We figured Dean would have to get used to being an angel. If he did indeed become one. We didn’t know what was going on. But I’m glad you are both back. Congrats, by the way. For being angels. This is weird.”
“Claire, if it would be too hard to see them, you don’t have to. You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do.”
“Dean, everything has already changed. You’re an angel now. And the fact that we are actually together. But no, I don’t think anything is going to change other than that.”
Sam woke up before everyone else. Eileen was still fast asleep next to him when he rose, kissing her forehead gently. He made his way to the kitchen to get some coffee in him to start his day.
“Cas, I love you. I have loved you for a long time. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before. I’m sorry you thought it was one-sided. I’m sorry you thought it was something you couldn’t have.”
Cas began to come, pouring into Dean’s tight hole. He groaned roughly as he slammed into the new angel. Filling him, overflowing his ass, his seed spilling out of it.
Castiel wanted to insist but knew better. Dean wasn’t a fan of the constant healing, especially when he had it coming and it wasn’t that big of a deal to him.
“Mostly just helped my uncle out. He owns the Salvage yard you pass when heading out of town. I had to replace a few parts in my car. Besides that, nothing really, man. Just nice to get a few days not having to work.”
Dean and Castiel proceeded to an open space in the roadhouse that was being used as a dance floor. All My Love began playing throughout Harvelle’s as the two pulled each other in close, swaying gently. They stopped paying attention to their family surrounding them, watching them as they danced their first dance as husbands.
The two angels explored the garden, Cas told Dean about each and every plant, insect and creature. Dean was amazed at how much Cas knew about all of this. He had known that his boyfriend loved nature, but didn’t realize just how knowledgeable he was about the subject.
They came together, spilling out onto Dean’s hand and onto their stomachs. Dean pumped his hand a few more times, squeezing their cocks together firmly. He pulled away from the kiss slightly, not leaving much room between them.
Dean went off to his bedroom. He removed his button down work shirt and jeans, leaving just a black t-shirt and boxers. He rubbed his eyes, yawning, as he got into bed. Realizing the end of the night was awkward, he yelled at himself in his head.
The day after their ride, Castiel had to leave again. He had gotten a call on angel radio, and he went back to Heaven. He had promised Dean that he would return soon. Dean believed him, he knew that it wouldn’t be too much longer before he saw his angel again.
On the forth night since that morning, Dean rolled over and opened his eyes to check the time. It was just past three in the morning. Turning back around to face Cas, he was greeted with the angel’s blue eyes staring at him.
Dean smiled as he approached the building. It felt good to have a gun in his hands again. Sam let him take the lead, but kept a watchful eye out. It had been so long, and he knew Dean wasn’t spending much time in the shooting range. But Dean was as sharp as ever. A little rusty, sure, but not get-them-killed rusty.
Dean quickly got up, mentally preparing for the worse. He tried asking Castiel what was wrong, but he got no answer. He led Dean into the library, where Dean’s laptop was open on the table. He had let Cas use it earlier in the day.
But it was hard being alone all the time, even when he was around others, Dean was constantly alone. He’s tried to pray to Jack, but he never gets an answer. He knows that Jack is busy, there’s a lot of wrongs to right in Heaven. The fleeting thought to pray to Cas had passed his mind often, but he knows that it's hopeless.
He found Cas in the main room of the bunker, near the entrance. Cas was sitting at the table, he looked peaceful, eyes closed, concentrating.
Meg saw Cas, her eyes lit up and motioned for him to come over. “Clarence!” She yelled out to him, trying to speak over the music.
As he stretched them out to their full length, Cas’ jaw dropped at their beauty. Dean’s wings were dark brown at the top, and as they went down they got lighter and lighter. At the bottom they were golden. They were stunning.
“Rowena just called, said that she heard about the case we went on, those demons. Said there was a fourth demon that hid from us,” Dean replied.
Cas thought about it a moment. The idea of being with Dean forever, neither of them dying, unless fate decided otherwise, was perfect. He knew that Dean knew that if he did die as an angel there would be no coming back. He doubted the Empty would allow Jack to rescue anyone else.
Dean’s thoughts raced, was this even possible. He shook the thoughts away, it was way too early for this type of conversation. He told Castiel that, and suggested they get up for the day. After a bit more cuddling and a few kisses here and there they finally got out of bed half an hour later.
Cas was with Sammy and Bobby, all three of them watching Dean as he approached them. The looks on their faces told him that they had heard everything. Sam and Bobby both had looks of anger on their faces, while Cas looked saddened by what he had just heard.
Jack shook his head, “I’m not sure. It’s been over two weeks and he still has some left. It could be another few weeks.”
Dean’s smile dropped as he turned the corner stepping down into the kitchen. He expected to find Jack sitting at the table, snacking on cereal.  But  Jack wasn’t who he found.
Dean prayed silently to Cas in his own mind, hoping that he had his ears on. Cas had heard him as was there in an instant. The angel placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder and suddenly the three of them, Dean, Cas and Miracle were back home.
So instead they did what they did best. They hunted monsters and saved people. They spent the last two weeks in the Impala, going from case to case. Sam had told them to slow down, and that they had plenty of time to hunt. But they didn’t listen, they were better than ever at what they did. Together as archangels they were unstoppable as hunters.
Dean had told him about his visit. Sam was overjoyed at Jack’s return. He couldn’t wait to see him again. He missed him dearly.
“Why would Cas tell him, Rachel? Raphael does have ears you know, everyone knew about the party,” stated Meg, annoyed at Rachel.
“I thought it was time I finally came back. Time is different in Heaven, you know that. It’s been a while since I’ve been on Earth. And now that we are nearly done rebuilding Heaven, I thought it was a good time. I just seem to have forgotten the time it is on Earth. I’m sorry, you should go back to bed, Dean.”
“Yes,” Jack replied. “I called several angels to come and stay on guard outside the bunker. They are already here. If Chuck tries to come anywhere near our home we will be warned.”
Jack gave them updates on Heaven, their loved ones who have passed on, and the changes being made. Dean and Cas kept stealing glances at each other. The meal went smoothly, everyone talking and laughing. It was nice being together again, a family.
Cas didn’t want him to be right. He didn’t want to change majors, he knew he could be so much better than he was now. He liked the thought of helping others like himself, and even if that was just one other person. His thoughts drifted to Dean, the bartender who seemed so much more than just a guy working in a bar.
“Hey, just so you know, now that we are together,” Dean paused, trying to push past his anxiety over what he was about to suggest. “You don’t have to stand there.”
Jack smiled, “Good, I’ll be in my room.” Jack was suddenly gone, and Dean could hear a bedroom door close in the distance in the bunker.
He wasn’t as weak as he had been before, but he wasn’t at his full power either. A few days before, while working on Baby, Dean had gotten a rather nasty cut, and when Cas tried to heal him he wasn’t able to. This caused much alarm amongst the Winchesters. It meant that their fear was more than likely true, Cas was becoming human.
“Well, if it isn’t the Winchesters. Couldn’t last that long without needing my help, could ya,” Gabriel said from behind them.
“Dean, just because you can get shot with no damage, doesn’t mean you should. Plus, we have a wedding to plan.”
Dean spoke, “But what took you and Jack so long to come home? Do you know what we’ve- what I’ve- been dealing with?” He raised his voice.
“No, I do. I want to introduce them to Jody and Alex. I have a good family, I want them all to be together. Even if for right now it’s just a few hours.”
“Anytime really, once we get bored of the party we can just leave. We don’t have to stay the whole night. We should at least go say bye to everyone though. Why? Ready to get going to Vegas, Cas?”
“No, if you lock the door no one can get in. It also means they can’t get out,” replied Jack. “Oh! I do have one gift for you.”
He tried to get the thoughts in his head down on paper, but there was so much he wanted to say. He could fill pages with what he felt about Cas. But in the end he finally found the right set of words to say at the altar. Everything else he had forever to tell him, and he planned to. Dean made a vow to himself to tell and show Cas his love for him for every day for the rest of forever.
“Yes. Right now, I am human. And I had thought that I wanted to stay human. To be with your Dad, forever. But that would mean I couldn’t protect my family the same way I would be able to if I was an angel again.”
“We’ve talked about it, but we prefer it this way. Besides, it would be weird without him all the time. We’ve been through so much together, and after we got out of the cage it was just easier this way. But when Dean and Cas were gone, well, things happened. And we brought the idea up, but it just wouldn’t be the same. We got a good thing going.”
Cas nodded silently. He had kissed people before, but none had felt like that. None has tasted like that. Dean’s kiss was a miracle in it’s own. The hunter’s lips were soft and sweet.
Dean was about to reply when his phone rang. He looked at the caller ID, it was Rowena. “Rowena, hey.”
Cas walked away without saying another word, leaving Rachel confused by the interaction. Cas cursed Meg under his breath, he didn’t understand why she had been running her mouth, saying he was drinking every night at a bar. It wasn’t every night, Cas thought, just most nights and he barely even drank.
Dean looked at Cas, he was ready. But the words wouldn’t form on his lips. He didn’t have any regrets on his own decision, but he knew that there had to be something more to this. Being an angel with Cas for the rest of eternity wasn’t the only thing he wanted.
“Okay, but we shouldn’t wait too long after the grace is gone, if you decide to be an angel again. I don’t know what could happen.”
Dean and Cas were in Vermont, hiking in a densely forested area when they came across an old broken and abandoned stable. The building was massive, the roof half caved in and old broken boards littered the dirt floor.
“Oh, okay. Well, I guess I’ll be going then,” she replied, she had a look of disappointment on her face. She stood there, looking at the book a moment before continuing. “I talked to Meg, Cas.”
“Damn fool! Can’t see that his son is finally happy and instead he sinks further into the hole he dug for himself,” Bobby said, he was anger at John than he ever had been when they were living.
Everyone cheered as Sam sat back down. People all turned to Claire for her hunter of honor speech, but she had a mouthful of pie and had no clue what to even say.
He wished he could have put those issues behind him before that day in the dungeon. He wishes he could have told Cas how he felt sooner. He felt so stupid for telling Cas to ‘not do this’ when he told him he loved him. Instead he wishes he would have said it back. But with everything going on in the moment and Death literally banging on the door, Dean didn’t want to let him go.
Gabriel slapped Castiel on the back. “Finally! We’ve all been wondering when that was going to happen. Congrats, little bro.”
The angel ran his hand across the wound, healing it instantly as he did. Dean’s foot immediately felt better and he was able to stand on it properly again. He wished he had just let Cas heal him when it happened. He had been in pain for days now.
“Look, I know you’re busy with Heaven and everything. But if you could get just a minute free. Think you could come home?”
Dean settled down, fuming by Cas’ words. He didn’t want him to leave, but knew that Cas had a job to do. It would hurt to see him leave. Cas stared at him, seeing the pain in his eyes.
“Dean, I am still alive. I may be a celestial being, but I am still a living and breathing being. You hear my heartbeat, not Jimmy’s,” Castiel replied.
As he said that, Dean suddenly felt himself become slick. Perks of being an angel he thought to himself. He didn’t feel the need for prep or lube. He could get used to this. He positioned himself on Cas, lining up the angel's cock to his tight hole.
At night when Dean slept, Cas watched over him as he held the Winchester in his arms. Cas would steal kisses in the night, gentle pecks against Dean’s soft lips. They hadn’t done anything since that morning a few days ago. Not that they hadn’t wanted to, but everytime they began something would come up. Be it someone else in the bunker walking by startling them, or their own nerves.
“I don’t understand how I would have been able to know. But I did know when I actually did get you out of Hell, that nothing would be the same after that,” replied Castiel, looking into Dean’s eyes.
“Jack? Hey buddy, you listening? Please, please listen, man. I could really use you right now,” prayed Dean into the blackness of his room.
Dean looked offended, “No! Jesus Sammy, no! I didn’t want him to sacrifice himself for me, so I told him to not do that. I know it was a shitty thing to say, and it broke my heart saying those words. But I don’t know. I guess at the time, I thought it would hurt less. And that if I didn’t say it then that wouldn’t be his moment of true happiness.”
Dean and Cas wandered the racks of a large clothing store. Browsing the men’s section, trying to find some more clothing for Castiel. Dean had to pull him away from the formal and business attire section more than once. He really did enjoy wearing suits.
Before he turned the corner to step down into the kitchen he heard it and his heart stopped. Cas’ voice. It wasn’t a dream after all. The voices stopped, Sam and Cas had heard him and were waiting for him to step into the room.
“Dad, I was thinking about how far we’ve come with Heaven. Everyone’s Heaven is open, free to go wherever, see whoever they want. They can even keep to how things were, with their memories. Everyone is happy, this truly is paradise. We have many, many angels. More than there ever was. Heaven runs efficiently. It’s perfect. What do you think?”
“Celestial. So what, does that mean that the gun can kill celestial beings? Like the Equalizer. So it’s just a second Equalizer?”
Dean turned down the music, Cas noticed his face became serious. Dean was unsure how to start the conversation, he wasn’t good with stuff like this, and even though he knew that he needed to get it out in the open, it was difficult. Cas could tell that Dean was deep in thought.
“No, I mean you are just amazing. Of course you would want the bees and insects to be in Heaven. So my parents are together then?”
Dean shook his head, “Well, besides the obvious of trying to get revenge? No, Jack. Maybe he just wants to make up,” he replied. He didn’t mean to be so sarcastic, but he was on edge and not thinking clearly.
Dean took a deep breath and began. “Cas, when I went to Hell I was prepared to be there for the rest of eternity. But when you pulled me out everything changed. For years I had you by my side, and for years I didn’t realize what I had. I’ve lost you more times than I ever want, and I don’t ever want to lose you again. You made me see myself for the first time. I wanted to be a better man because of you. Knowing you all these years has made me so happy. You once said that I changed you, Cas you changed me. I didn’t allow myself to be truthful to who I was, in more ways than I can count. I have been through so much, and have been so much, and throughout all of it you have never left my side. You saw the good in me even when I only saw darkness. And when the darkness showed through, you always saw my light. I didn’t think I deserved to be saved in any way,  but you showed me that I was worth being saved. You saved me Cas. I love you, I wish I could have said those words sooner. I love you.”
His last class of the day went by quicker than usual. He was excited to get out of there, leaving with the rest of the class thankful he wasn’t called into the professor's office again. The sound of footsteps behind him in the courtyard got closer and closer, Cas turned to his side to see Rachel next to him.
“Yes, and I’m thankful for that, Jack. But it’s different now and I want to speak to them. Not you.”
Dean didn’t think he would be nervous going into his bedroom on his wedding night, but he was. They could stop and have sex as newly weds for the first time, but for once sex would hold off for a bit, not that they would be waiting too long.
Cas continued, “He wanted to know Derek, one of the new angels, would be a good fit to take over my garden while I am here on Earth. I think he’d be a good fit. In life he was a very successful gardener and bee keeper.”
Dean and Castiel leaned in, hands held together with fingers laced together and kissed. Soft lips crashed into one another gently as they embraced each other for the first time as a married couple. The crowd erupted in applause as they stood for the couple, who then made their way back down the aisle hand in hand.
“Just go?” Dean asked, looking at Cas with confusion. “What do you mean ‘just go’? How do I ‘just go’?”
Dean leaned in and kissed him. The kiss was gentle, and only lasted a moment before Dean broke away and placed his forehead on Castiel’s. Dean didn’t want to lose Cas in any way. He hated Chuck more than he had ever hated him before. He had no regrets about killing him. He just wished that he could have done it sooner, before this whole mess began.
Finally, after a few minutes he felt his grace settle down. The feeling of the energy surging through him was gone. He could still feel his grace, but it wasn’t overwhelming. He was able to stand up, and think clearly again.
Closing didn’t come quick enough, and Cas locked the door and turned the open sign to closed. He got the last minute work done as fast as he could and walked back to the dorm. He was thankful to come into an empty dorm, Raphael was out for the night it seemed. He was able to get some last minute studying done before finally heading to bed.
Dean had asked Sam to be his best man, which he had eagerly accepted. Castiel, on the other hand, had not picked out a best man. He wasn’t very familiar with the concept, and had thought about Jack, but realized it wasn’t very fair to Dean. Even though Dean had tried to tell him otherwise. He decided against having Jack as his best man since he was their son.
“Demons can only see grace, not the true form. And the only part of my true form he has seen is my wings. But what if he did see me, the real me, and didn’t like me.”
From the few conversations they had together, Cas had learned so much about Dean, yet knew barely anything about him. He knew Dean’s family wasn’t the greatest, that was something they shared in common. But while Dean’s father was an abusive father who abandoned his sons, Castiel’s Dad was too much there. He watched over his sons, dictating what they should and should not do well into their adulthood. He wanted Cas and his brothers to be just like him. It was no wonder he was angry at Cas and Gabriel when they went off on their own.
Dean raised an eyebrow before dropping it. He didn’t move away, still pressed against Cas. Cas stayed in his position, he could feel Dean’s erection pressing against him. He could feel his own member hardening. Dean noticed it.
Claire made her way to Cas, hugging him and giving him congratulations. She was happy to see Castiel so happy. Their relationship had begun very rocky, but now it was different. She would never get her father back, and while it still hurt to see his face whenever she looked at Cas, she had grown to love him. He was like a father to her almost. Cas was her family and she wanted her family to be happy.
The next morning Dean woke, his upper body tossed across Castiel’s bare chest. The angel’s arms held him tightly. He could hear the gentle rhythm of his heart beating. It was a beautiful sound.
Once Jack had everything prepared in Heaven he unlocked the entrance and everyone made their way there through the storage closet. They all found it strange that it was in a closet, but didn’t question things too much. There were some things that as a hunter you just didn’t question. Finally the only two left were Dean and Cas. Jack asked them to wait a moment while he went back to Heaven, to get everyone settled in before coming back to give them the okay to head upstairs.
Soon the plates were empty, and the bottles of beer multiplied. Leaning back in their chairs, they moved on in the conversation. Sam told Jack and Cas about what had happened after they had left.
“They aren’t far, should be coming in any time now. I told them both, and left messages. They know he’s in town.”
There was also Crowley, but Dean was a demon. It was toxic, and if Dean was being honest with himself, dangerous. If things were different, and Dean wasn’t a demon, he wasn’t sure if that relationship would have ever happened. When he was a demon he had let go of his human emotions and issues, making it easier to be free. But freedom, he had learned long ago, wasn’t always a good thing. Chuck made sure of that. He never really had free will.
Dean stared into the darkness. He knew the prayer would go unanswered, as usual. Sighing deeply, Dean went to lay back down. If he couldn’t sleep, he would at least try to let his body relax.
“I know, Cas. But it would mean that we could be together for all of time. Forever. We’d have forever, Cas.”
“I’m just gonna stop you right there. I know how you feel about Cas and I. You have made it very clear to me how you feel about me all these years. How you feel about certain parts of me. You know, I hid so much about my own self from myself for years, even after you died. And all because I feared your judgement. Imagine what type of life I could have had if I didn’t? Hell, I could have accepted how I felt about Cas sooner, been married already.
Dean normally wore logging boots in a deep reddish brown color. He had worn through many pairs over the years, and they were one of the few items he spent a lot of money on. A good pair of boots were beneficial on hunts. But recently he invested in a pair of hiking boots. At least that’s what he told Castiel. What he didn’t tell his angel was that they were just a cheap pair from the Walmart up in Hastings.
“Only special cases got to share, soulmates. But it’s all open. People can see their loved ones who have passed on and are in Heaven freely.” He turned to Sam and Dean, and continued, “You’re parents are together, Bobby doesn’t live too far from them. And the roadhouse is nearby. They are happy.”
He opened his eyes and was taken back by the sight in front of him. Castiel’s wings were huge, bigger than Dean had ever imagined. He knew they were big, but not this big. Even as large as they were they still weren’t their full size, Cas made sure they could fit into the room, he was as big as the Chrysler building after all. His feather’s were black with streaks of gold throughout them. Each feather was massive, long and thick. They were beautiful, more beautiful than anything Dean had ever seen.
Dean began to laugh uncontrollably. Cas was confused by the sudden laughter. But the Winchester didn’t know where to begin with the misunderstanding of the phrase. He rolled over to face Cas, and took his face in his hands and pulled him in for a kiss.
The three of them made their way to the library to where Eileen and Miracle were. She sat at the table, a large dusty book in front of her. She looked up and beamed at them. She got up and hugged Dean and Cas tightly, she was glad to finally have them home.
Cas had disobeyed Heaven so many times for the Winchesters. It was quite annoying, so many messes needing to be cleaned up because he wouldn’t listen. Messes like this one. The two archangels' theory that Chuck had something up his sleeve was true. Chuck knew of a way to get revenge on Jack for making him mortal. But it was a last resort, he knew that if he did get his revenge then the Winchester’s would kill him for good.
“A month? Dean, that doesn’t exactly give us enough time to get everything planned and ready. And the guests who are alive will need time to find out about it and prepare. Same with those in Heaven.”
“Things have changed between us, Cas. But… shit!” Dean slammed his hand down on the top of the steering wheel.
Traveling back home didn’t take them as long as it had for them to get to where they are now. They flew fast, and as they entered into Earth’s atmosphere those viewing the skies that night would see two objects that they would presume to be two gigantic and fast meteors plummeting down in the night sky.
“I have to go help them. I think I know where Diana is. I’ll be around if you need me,” said Jack before he vanished.
“Cas!” Raphael yelled. “I never took you for the fun type. But now look at you, hanging out at bars and now parties. Maybe I was wrong about you, roomie.”
Cas did as Dean had said. Dean rested his head on the angel’s arm, moving in towards him. He settled his head in the crook of Cas’ neck and arm. Cas laid there awkwardly for a moment before wrapping his arms around Dean.
