Blind and deaf to what was happening, Pepper was lost in the whispering voices coming from the headphones.  She could smell and feel the dye as it was pasted to her hair, the crinkle of the foil strips and the cold tingling of the bleach against her scalp.  As a girl she had hated her ginger hair but as she grew it lightened and she had begun to prefer the uniqueness of her natural strawberry blond locks.
“So pretty like this my little milk cow” Steve whispers.
Fury’s office door opened and in swept Ms Potts and a stern looking man in hospital scrubs, both took a seat at the conference table next to Fury and across from the team.  Steve watched as Ms Potts placed several files in front of her laying a pen on each before pushing them across the table to each Avenger.  The doctor himself had been carrying an extremely thick folder, which Steve assumed was Tony’s medical file.  Paying full attention to Ms Potts he waited to hear what decisions had been made with regards to Tony’s future, he could only hope that she would look with favour on Tony becoming part of their Pack.
Now you have three options with regards to your omega’s balls.  You can have them removed completely once this pregnancy is over, you can leave them as they are and they will drop once the pups are birthed.  Or I can laser seal the hole closed in a matter of seconds so that they stay tucked away for good, they will still be functional but out of sight.”
Steve laughed internally knowing full well that there was no way his Tony would be able to accomplish that task.
Manipulative Pepper and Steve
I milk you now, you moo to say thank you each time I stop tugging on your udders.”
“There we go, Tony open up and swallow down your new Protection detail, that’s it omega, show all these good people who you lied to and deceived all these years what you truly are, a cock sucking omega whore, whose only use is as a fuck toy and breeder. Let them all see how milk he you love being stuffed full of cum, how you beg for cock and cannot stand to have your holes empty.
Natasha’s hand on his arm shook him out of his memories.
Darcy was beside herself, Betty was her youngest cousin, the baby of the family. She had purposely not told her Alpha where she lived, wanting to keep her innocent cousin away from the depravity of her Alpha. Betty Blue was a sweet southern country girl, corn blue eyes and blond golden curl that fell to her knees as her mother had never allowed a pair of scissors near it.   Darcy had always sensed that Betty would be an omega, even though she was incredibly late presenting.
Late the following morning after wiping the omega’s milk stained breasts for the umpteenth time he grabbed up the nipple clamps and attached them to the hard nubs, he debated the clit clamp but wanted the omega to suffer the way his blue balls were suffering. Hours later after listening to Stark’s muffled mewls and moans, watching as his pussy wept he finally cracked, stripping off his pants he straddled the omega and sunk balls deep into his tight cunt, he stares into shocked eyes as he thrusts repeatedly his balls slapping against the omega’s perineum as he shoots he load, he feels his cock being milked by Stark’s throbbing channel and reaches down to push his fingers in along side his cock. It amazes him that he can fit three fingers in easily along with his cock, the tight pussy relaxing to suck them in.  He doesn’t soften just keeps pumping hard as he covers Stark’s body with his own, he feels the nipple clamps dig into his chest as a mere irritation, the wheezing breath of the omega as his considerable weight bears down on his much smaller frame. He bites into his shoulder, teeth drawing blood as he breaks the skin, it may not be his Tony but he will leave a mark that will show the Captain that he has had his omega, should Stark decide not to come back with them.
Striding forward he grabbed hold of Tony’s hair forcing him to look up at his face.
Steve pull Tony up and turned them so that he was now sitting on the couch, he dragged Tony back against his chest hooking his legs over his thighs spreading them wide so his full weight rested on his knotted cock.
Frigga has protected him to some extent during his punishment but eventually even she could not prevent Thor for getting his way. Odin had finally given Loki to Thor after three years of constant badgering on his part. Thor had proceeded to have Loki’s magic tamed, the runes covering his skeletal frame syphoned the majority of his magic strength away to be stored in Mjolnir, leaving only some healing magic and the ability to transform partially or fully in to his Juton form although in a weakened state.  Thor had a definite kink for fucking him in his ice giant form, incredibly turned on that he was subduing and fucking an Alpha.
He couldn’t help brushing his hands over her full breasts as he pushed her sweater up over her head, the thin material of her t-shirt outlining her pert nipples and clearly showing that she was not wearing a bra, he wouldn’t be surprised if she wasn’t wearing any knickers under that long floaty skirt.  Crowding next to her on the loveseat he made sure to constantly have some part of his body touching her as they drank their coffee and made inane small talk. He smirked every time his arm brushed against her tits as he reached across for his coffee cup, enjoying her soft panicked breaths as she tried to press herself back and away from his touch.
I want to urge all omegas to embrace the important role that they were put on this earth for, we have shown by our wilful neglect and rejection of our true role over recent years how much damage we have done to our society.
Tony was shocked in to silence by his daddy’s use of his full name, Steve/Daddy only ever used it when he was really upset with him.  Looking at his daddy’s annoyed scowl he knew that he would follow through on the extra punishment.  He had vague memories of another time when was big and had pushed his husband too far and been spanked with a wooden paddle, he hadn’t been able to sit down for days, there was no way he wanted to endure that discomfort again.
It almost seemed to easy to start with, Clint shot his load within minutes, already hard and leaking, her juices still smeared on his lips.  Bruce didn’t seem to be interested even though he was hard, she was weary of the green flush to his skin when eventually filled her mouth with his warm, bitter seed.  Thor and Steve tested her patience and skill, the bastard’s super stamina eating into her time, eventually there cum flooded and filled her stomach.
Bruce’s gaze was still held firmly by the image on the monitor’s screen, Hulk’s voice rumbling inside his head, “Hulk want pups to play with, Pet Tony needs fixing, make it happen puny Bruce or Hulk will not be happy!”
Winter rolled the fat nubs a few times, pinching and tugging them until they stood hard and erect.  He repeated this with all the tiny newly formed nipples, nibbling and biting the tender flesh as Tony’s whining grew louder and louder.
Time for Tony's operation, but not before his Alphas have some fun.
Bruce had been instructing him in omega yoga, the only form of exercise that he would be allowed, it would keep his limbs supple and aid his breathing apparently for deep throating!  But would not cause any weight loss.
We have also placed a quickening spell on his skeletal structure so that you will be able to resume full physical activities within 24 hours, keep your boy in fully padded diapers during this time so that as his bones harden you ensure the slight bow legged, gait that you wanted.
Tony jumped as cold hands reached round to cup his tender nipples, he shivered as the thin long cock eased into his loose hole the metal piercings running its length rubbing against his inner walls, teasing his nub with each slow thrust.  Cool skin pressed against his back as magic fingers pinched and squeezed his nipples until they fully hardened, jutting out from his breasts.
Meanwhile she was going to see the Professor and check up on Banner.
“Oh dear, sorry sweetheart, come on let’s get you somewhere quiet so that l can clean you up.”
Steve is an absolute dickhead in this chapter, his speech near the end is so ridiculous.  Tony bless him knows it but is not going to be able to do much about it yet if ever.
You have come a long way in such a short space of time since your bonding, you are coming into your own as Tony’s Alpha and now have clear and defined expectations of your omega.  I am proud of you.
Dropping Tony back onto the mattress he straddled his body cock resting along the arc reactor, pushing Tony’s tits together to cradle his cock he fucked his omega’s tits.  Flicking and pinching the rock hard nubs nails digging into the already abused flesh, his dripping cock head smearing the arc reactor casing easing the glide of his cock. The length of his cock was such that it hit the hollow of his omega’s neck with each thrust, a slight change of angle had the large mushroom head rubbing over the raised scent glands and bonding mark.
Unlocking the crate, he ordered Tony to crawl to the shower and clean up inside and out.
Steve had just laughed when he had seen her laid out as a human platter, clapping Happy ok the back and sending him off to eat with the other chauffeurs and bodyguards.
Dr Gottlieb only offered our services after tests had shown that Tony was a suitable candidate.
He made eye contact and motioned for Steve to put the baby in the bassinet, all the while continuing to casually fuck Tony as though it was the most natural thing to be doing.
She sits toying with the nipple clamps until she hears Steve enter the cabin, just before he comes into view, she pulls the clamps off all at once, quickly hiding them in her pocket.
Steve and Winter readily agreed as they were extremely interested in what Hulk would do, neither held any doubts about the Hulk especially since Bruce and the Hulk had learned to co-exist with each other to the extent that Bruce could partially shift various parts of his body when he needed.  Steve and Winter had talked about how much of the Hulk’s cock their omega might be able to take, but only once the pups were born and the surgery completed.  To start with today, they would just let Hulk play with Tony’s udders and asshole and progress from there.
born and there will be no more unruly behaviour.  Now these injections will sting but l need to ensure that the whole area is numb before I remove your balls and then dock you cock.
Winter asked Jarvis to make sure a few bottles of cum shakes were prepared and to have a big bowl of omega feed warmed up and waiting for when Tony came to them.
Hours passed as they watched first the operation to remove the bone segments from his legs, then the major work of cracking open his chest to remove the arc reactor and place his damaged heart on the by-pass machine.  The followed the delicate work of removing each tiny piece of shrapnel, once this was accomplished the harvested bones, marrow and nerves had been used to replace the damaged parts of his sternum and the strings of marrow and nerves woven to join each damaged part.  They all held their breath as the by-pass machine was switched off and they waited for his heart to beat on its own.  The load beep of the heart-rate monitor startled them in the quiet of the viewing chamber.
After inserting the feeding tube down the omega’s throat, he hooked up the pouch of the camelback and began to squeeze the liquid down the tube.
No one else loves you the way that I do, if you don’t want to be with me then I will find a care facility for you, that caters to your needs and will keep you safe and protected from the outside world.
“Pepper, l know that you are worried but l need you to keep Stark Industries running, Tony will only blame himself if the Company takes a bad hit again because of him, especially with all the recovery work needed after the Snap being reversed.
“Sweetie come on wake up, daddy wants to see your pretty eyes and have his good morning smile.”
Steve beat a strategic retreat to his couch, breathing a sigh of relief when the door opened and the omega midwife entered.
His voice cut off abruptly, and he turned to brace himself against an intact section of the kitchen counter, his chest rising and falling heavily.
Tony had considered blowing past it or passing it off as a joke, but he knew he couldn’t pull that off. Not with Pepper – not about this.
“Tony wouldn’t shoot me,” Steve smiled. “And I would never hurt him.”
The gorgeous ass was seated on the chest press machine, and Tony walked past so he could admire the pecs and abs he was sure went with legs like those, but when he rounded the equipment and came face to face with the man, it pushed a curse out of him. "Oh, for fuck's sake."
“Steve Rogers,” Tony said when they finally came up for air, “I love you so much that underground networks full of literal Nazis couldn’t drag me away. Which means I’m probably going to do something very stupid – scratch that, somethings very stupid – like secretly build defibrillators into all your uniforms. Or buy the company that makes those dumb khakis you wear and run it into the ground.”
Dr. Grant frowned. "I've been all over," he said, suddenly sounding like a perfectly bland, midwestern news anchor.
“You can watch me and watch that footage at the same time?”
"What do you want?" he asked cautiously.
“Do you trust her?” Steve asked, and Tony was sure he could hear other questions lurking behind that one. Tony wondered if they included, “just how close were
“Ghostbusting,” Tony called over his shoulder with a wink.
Hypothetically, of course. Steve might have used words like those, but Tony wouldn’t know; because only someone with a serious fixation issue would have
Steve looked up from his sketch to see Tony watching him from the other end of the couch. Ever since the night at the gala, it had become more common for Steve to stick around for an hour or two after the workday wrapped up. Tonight, they’d been sharing an assortment of take-out noodles and pot stickers while Tony reviewed some new designs on his tablet and Steve doodled in a notebook.
Steve was cinching the final strap that attached his duffel bag to his motorcycle when he finally looked up at Tony. Stark’s entrance into the garage had not been quiet, and Steve’s enhanced hearing could pick up anyone but Romanov from yards away. But Steve had felt his nerves lighting up in anticipation of meeting Tony’s eyes again, and he’d had to take a moment to tighten some things down before he could risk it.
“Steve saw me talking with Ty. God, Pep! He probably thinks I get passed around more than a case of mono at a fraternity mixer — he breaks out the Jaw Clench of Judgment every time anyone even
“I don’t think that’s really helping your case, Tony. Natasha’s probably seeing Pepper more regularly than you are.”
“No, I’m fine,” Steve assured him. He had walked several paces from the entryway into the living room, but now he turned back to face Tony. “At least…it seems like I’m fine. I guess everything that happened in there was just in our heads?”
Tony had leaned over to adjust the settings on Steve’s bed as he spoke, and by the time he finished, a dull tugging sensation across Steve’s chest had loosened – the pain subsiding almost before Steve could register that it had been bothering him.
“Doing what? Speaking truth to power?”
“Black Widow, I presume,” Tony greeted her. “Or do you prefer the Ghost of Christmas Treason?”
had been the one to violate the terms of their arrangement, after all. He’d been the one to get in over his head, and he could understand why his emotional reaction to the battle had made Tony uncomfortable. Steve should have anticipated the price of diving into something casual with Tony before he knew how deep the water was – but then he’d never been very good at looking before he leapt.
“I don’t think they care,” Bucky smirked.
“Is there a problem here?”
Steve blinked against the edges starting to crowd his vision. Snapping the shield onto his back, he started swimming in the direction that Tony and Natasha had taken. The rig still seemed to be listing to one side, and Steve had to keep adjusting his stroke as he made his way down the corridor, around a corner, and then toward the stairs that Steve hoped still led to the landing pad.
“Look, pal, I’ve seen it before,” Clint observed. “You’ve probably gotten pretty good at keeping up appearances – making it seem like you’re eccentric, passionate, too smart for everyone around you. But deep down, you don’t believe that’s true. You think you’re careless, obsessive, always clinging to people and then pushing them away so that you can pretend being alone is your choice. So that you won’t have to feel guilty when the next risk you take turns out to be the last one.”
“Electrified,” Steve started to say, but the word cut off in a hiss when the metal bands snapped apart and Steve sagged forward into Tony’s arms.
they want it to be you,” Coulson explained. “You see, Project Centipede has been having a problem – it’s why they’re after the formula for GH 325. They’ve developed a new serum, but the people they inject with it keep exploding.”
“Did I say it was about time you came?” Sam muttered. “I take it back. Another month of Steve’s depression beard would be better than this.”
“You’re objectively a threat to national security,” Steve retorted.
Most people wouldn’t do what you did for me through love alone. They need a little hopelessness too. And who is filled with despair at the impossibility of human connection and the futility of moral effort on
“I know what you’re thinking,” he murmured to Dummy, who was busily nibbling on a much healthier snack in his cage. “But I think we’re still at least three steps away from
Steve wasn’t surprised she had noticed. Hell, he’d practically spelled it out for Tony the other night in the kitchen. If his reaction to one little touch on the cheek hadn’t been obvious enough, the line about brunettes might as well have been skywriting. But then Tony had gotten the call from Pepper, and Steve had remembered all the reasons why Tony was probably looking for ways to let him down easy. If Tony had been ready to move on, he could have dated anyone he wanted. Whereas Steve –
“Three.”
Well, that was absolutely not going to stand. Years earlier, when he and Steve had first started dating, Tony might have succumbed to his weak spot for Steve’s sassy moods. But he had spent weeks preparing for this coup. He whirled back toward his pumpkin, muttering to himself as he got HALL-O set up to go. He ignored the sly looks Natasha was casting his way every time she peeked over at Steve’s pumpkin. He didn’t even acknowledge Thor’s attempts to push a glass of beer his way: Thor’s strategy had become increasingly dependent on getting other people drunk, and Tony was not going to allow any distractions to come between him and the prize (a cardboard crown that read
A pair of kings? But that was a garbage hand. That meant that Steve –
But ever since the first sketch, Grant had continued to look distracted - almost unwell - and when his hands stayed clenched in his lap through the entire Q&A, Tony found himself vibrating with a feeling that he decided to label “irritation at a colleague’s refusal to provide valuable feedback.”
“Then fight it, you asshole!” Tony exploded. “You don’t get to make this call. Not after everything – you don’t get to ask me to watch you die, Steve. I can’t do it.”
God, he was not breathing.
never, he realized: just like floorboards couldn’t regenerate, and a ladder couldn’t disappear and reappear, and a house couldn’t be built like an M.C. Escher drawing from hell. And indeed, the longer he concentrated on the complete impossibility of his ever shooting Tony in the stomach, the more the pain in his own abdomen subsided. He probed his side with his right hand and found nothing but smooth skin under the wet slick of his shirt. Emboldened by that experiment, he sat up. If anything the pain felt more distant than when he had been lying down.
“I was surprised,” Grant replied, his voice tense and weirdly careful. “I know a little bit about the time period, but I had no idea Peggy...or that anyone would have saved -” He cleared his throat. “I didn’t know any of that kind of material had survived.”
In fact, Steve had just made up his mind to make a tactical retreat from the scene when Tony had jumped up to show Steve a new design for Hawkeye’s body armor and promptly folded like a piece of paper. Steve had barely had time to catch him under the arms before he hit the floor.
“This is, without a doubt, the most Scooby-Doo way that anyone has ever tried to kidnap me,” Tony said.
He had just ducked under the water to retrieve his shield when he felt a second explosion rock through the walls, this time from above. Suddenly the orientation of the corridor was shifting, as if the whole rig had started to tilt to one side, and Steve felt his heart seize in panic.
“Well, not everyone, obviously,” Tony smiled ruefully. “As you say, my powers of observation are a little selective, and I guess the principle of selection wasn’t that hard to figure out. It’s a small field, and I’m as surprised as you are to find out that you’re at the front of it. God, I’m going to regret admitting that once I’ve gone through a few REM cycles, aren’t I?”
“Are the Mets playing tonight?” he asked, stretching out comfortably on the couch.
Tony groped back in his memory, trying to picture what else had been in view when he had last seen the notebook in question. Maybe a metal case of old Kodak film, he thought as he picked his way through the piles, or what had looked like a partial model for a park?
“He tried to kill you,” Tony said, and it came out sounding harsh and flat. “He doesn’t know you.”
But the YMCA was quiet, as long as he didn't come right before or after normal working hours, and it had a hot tub and a faculty discount. There was an older guy trotting steadily on a treadmill, a teenager piling weights back on the rack, and an astonishingly stunning ass, thrust up towards Tony in a steady and flexy downward dog. He resisted the urge to whistle.
Steve cupped Tony’s face with his free hand, brushing a trembling thumb over Tony’s cheekbone. He had to fight down a wave of fear so acute he could barely breathe, his nerves screaming through every limb.
Steve must have gotten a signal from Clint, because his muscles slowly relaxed. Tony heard him set the gun back down, and then his hand moved up to the nape of Tony’s neck, where his thumb swept gently back and forth across Tony’s skin.
Moments later, Tony heard a sharp crunch followed by a heavy thud, and Tiberius Stone was flat on the ground.
Steve had begged when Tony finally opened his eyes again.
“God, Tony, this is exactly what I’m talking about! I wasn’t trying to quit, and you definitely shouldn’t let me. Someone took a shot at you last week! Your
"Holy shit." Tony leaned forward until his face touched the steering wheel and focused on taking even, calming breaths until his heart rate slowed. "Holy shit."
“And you were worried
He nodded at Tony, as if in shared understanding.
Of course, that explanation raised as many questions as it provided answers. HYDRA was an acronym Tony had never come across, for example. Not to mention -
Tony jogged across the street to Crawley Forum. What he wanted to do tonight was raid the noodle bar in the student lounge and hole up in Houghton until three in the morning, but first he had to sit through an hour of bureaucracy. It was best to show, though, if only because absent faculty members were the most likely to be volunteered for things.
Tony strode out through the front doors of the library, mentally weighing whether he could squeeze in a trip to the storage unit before his first class the next morning, when he noticed Dr. Grant was standing at the curb next to a dark van. He had been absorbed in a tense conversation with two men in dark suits, but moments later one of the men opened the back door to the van, and Grant climbed in, escorted on either side by the two strangers - who, as Tony realized a moment later, were totally, definitely armed.
“He stepped into your space without warning,” Steve explained. “And he blocked my access to you.”
“It’s going to be okay,” Steve told him, and Tony couldn’t tell whether his voice was shaking or Tony’s hearing was getting fuzzy. “I won’t let anything happen to you.”
“The house has been vacant for a decade.”
- but for some reason he found himself reluctant to pry.
“All right, focus up, champ,” Tony told himself bracingly. “Snowmagedon’s coming: no time to get maudlin.”
– lying on the floor.
“We went to the Delta Phi party, and Ty was there,” Steve explained. He was watching Tony carefully, and Tony did the best he could to keep the leap of panic that name had sent up his spine from showing up on his face. “I’m pretty sure he put something in your drink. Maybe because —”
“Okay,” Tony observed, “so ‘unlawful entry’ has been upgraded to ‘gunshot wounds,’ with a side of ‘Tell-Tale Heart.’”
“He’ll take the conditions,” Pepper promised, her eyes narrowing and one foot shooting toward Tony’s shin under the table.
“Captain Rogers, please respond,” the smooth voice was saying. “Do you and Agent Romanov require medical assistance?”
“I’m Skye!” the younger woman said brightly, shooting up from her spot at the table. “I’m the hacker. SHIELD consultant. Field agent. Well soon I’ll be a field agent.” She shot a look at May, who raised one eyebrow almost imperceptibly. “Probably soon. And I know who you are, obviously. Legends.”
“But it’s Captain Rogers I came to warn you about,” Natasha responded, resting more of her weight on her forearm, so that she leaned toward him and exposed more of her wound in the same motion. “While you talked to my partner, I talked to yours. And I have to tell you: you may think you know the man you invited into this house, but there’s a darkness in him you’ve only guessed at.”
“You sure you’re feeling all right?” Natasha inquired, looking at him slightly askance. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
But now his nerves were crawling with the anticipation of an archival find, and the thought of reading through sophomore attempts to describe the Teapot Dome scandal felt like death by a thousand accidental substitutions of “Hoover” for “Harding.” He was too keyed up to lesson plan; last year’s seminar discussion of the “top five historical rioting strategies and how to apply them today” had taught him the hard way that adrenaline and course prep were a dangerous mixture.
And yet, now that Tony thought about it, there had been a story his father had seldom told unless he was past his fourth tumbler of whiskey - and then he had told it every time. It had involved some inscrutable connection between serving as a pilot on a search-and-rescue for POWs and discovering the best fondue in Lucerne. Maybe it wasn’t
“Oh, you know me,” Steve said. But as Tony slipped out of the elevator and into his penthouse, Steve couldn’t quite pretend those words were true.
"What the fuck?" Tony hissed under his breath, but he stayed right behind James as he slipped out into the hall, keeping a tight grip on a handful of his shirt.
But the woman at the register seemed relaxed: no fidgeting hands or beads of sweat or any of the other indicators of stress that people about to accost a celebrity usually displayed.
"What?"
“No, seriously, you nerds. Get out of here,” Tony replied, and they shot out of their desks almost in unison.
“Do you want to pick a floor there, Rogers?” Tony asked, a small smile creeping across his face. “Or would you rather keep ogling my biceps?”
“So if I go out this door –” Tony continued, walking over to the door on the other side of the room. “I should come in –”
“Now you’ll say I’m getting ahead of myself planning for years of inside jokes, but I’ve got a good feeling about our next album. And you know I called it right on Banner showing up for the giant, flying alien crawfish situation, so my track record’s not bad.”
“Fuck me,” Tony said again, loudly enough that a nearby student jumped and almost fell off his skateboard. “Sorry about that!” He waved his hand apologetically before turning his attention back to his phone.
Steve snapped the gun back up, narrowing his eyes at her.
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me,” Steve groaned.
“Hang on,” someone ordered him urgently, and the last thing he clung to was the sound of that voice.
“Something’s up,” Clint replied grimly. “She said Fury’s keeping more secrets than we know.”
“You better believe it.”
Steve had to pause to swallow past a sudden tightness in his throat. He hadn't talked about Gulmira in months, and he wasn't even sure he could get the words out anymore. Tony waited, tipping his head sideways to rest on one hand, as if to offer Steve time to decide what to offer in response.
“Do we have to take your insomnia too?” Bruce asked, pushing the waving banana out of his face and back toward Tony. “Because, Tony, you are looking a little worn out.”
“Well he did pay a higher rate of federal taxes,” Steve replied blandly.
He turned away from the wood-burning stove to quirk an eyebrow at Steve, who was still burrowed under the blankets they’d found in the closet.
Rhodey watched him steadily for a while and then nodded. He opened his mouth to say more, but he was cut off by the sound of Tony’s phone ringing. Tony looked down at it, and he could feel himself smiling again (goofily…okay, it was a goofy smile), because a photo of Steve grinning in front of the World’s Biggest Ball of Yarn had just appeared on his screen. Rhodey’s forehead creased slightly as he took in Tony’s reaction, but he pulled Tony into a hug as he got up.
Two blocks: but Tony wasn’t the real problem, and Steve knew it. Steve should have handed this case off to Clint the second he found himself wanting to tuck a blanket around Tony’s shoulders. If it weren’t for his unprofessional crush, Steve would never have been stupid enough to risk leaving Tony alone just so he could surprise him with
Ty’s hand shot out and grabbed his upper arm — much too hard to be an attempt to steady him.
“So he wants to be active in the institution,” Bruce allowed.
“Yeah, me too,” Steve admitted. He released his own grip on his gun and rolled over with a grunt.
“Steve,” Tony said evenly, “this isn’t you. You wouldn’t hurt me.”
James sat up sharply, turning towards the door like a dog listening to a whistle. "Shit."
“You were technically dead five minutes ago,” Tony noted.
“Steve?” he called tentatively. Steve looked up at him, and he must have noticed Tony’s confusion because he took a quick step toward him before freezing and crossing his arms gingerly over his chest.
"You have to get out of here, okay? Go home. Call in sick. Take the rest of the day off. Please. Just go."
Tony paused, watching the little furrow form on Steve’s forehead as Tony’s “reference the heart problem” ploy had its intended effect.
Steve gave him a long stare, an expression flitting across his face that Tony couldn’t quite track.
The foot traffic outside the store faded to a dull whisper as Steve strained to pick up the small intake of breath from the other end of the call.
“You offering to go a few rounds?” Steve countered after a short pause. The buzzing in his chest had turned electric, throwing sparks across nerves that he hadn’t felt light up since their fight on the Helicarrier.
“We have to get him to medical,” Steve said. “Agent Harrison, I’m going to carry you to evac.”
The door was locked and immovable.
“If anything involuntary happens in that lab, it’s because I’ve been touched by the hand of genius,” Tony replied, the words slightly muffled by the way he was propping his head up on his fist. “And if you’re asking that question because you talked to Bruce recently, I had the situation with the hyper-speed microwave completely under control. Admittedly, the Hot Pocket explosion was a setback, but my math is solid, and I think with a few minor adjustments, we’re all going to be shaving valuable seconds off our food-prep time.”
“Winter once again it is time to remind Tony of the phrase ‘Omegas should be seen but not heard.’ An introduction of your metal hand to his naked arse is in order I believe.”
“Captain, this is a rare gift that we have been granted, I urge that we vote to proceed immediately with any procedures necessary to ensure our pet become the breeding bitch it was clearly meant to be.  On Asgard such rare creatures and their off spring are highly sought after, Odin All-father and my beloved mother Frigga would think highly of Midgard if such a gift of pure bred pups were to be bestowed on them.”
Tony’s head started to feel fuzzy as Steve began to hum a familiar lullaby, he felt warm and comfortable as his diaper was tapped on, when his pacifier was pressed against his lips, he willingly opened them to suck on it, not even protesting when daddy fitted on his mitts.
Chapter 14
Unbeknown to Tony, Dr Banner had also been experimenting with adapting the serum for the use in supressing the strength of powerful mutants and meta humans who were a threat to society due to their criminal behaviour.  A minute amount had been added to the version of the serum that they had injected into Tony before he had been taken to Mountain Rise, this would reduce his ability to create muscle mass and leave him the strength of a young adolescent. His beautiful boy would age at the same rate as himself and the select few who of his inner circle of friends and family who had also been given the serum, his precious boy would forever need his care and protection.
“Off you go slag, you don’t finish until you have sucked and been fucked by everyone, then you will do whatever they want after that.”
“Shh… Tony, such a greedy omega, now you have had a taste of my, cum, you will want it all the time, but what do you need to do to earn such a reward, can you tell me my omega?”
How does it feel to be the one to capture and tame Omega Stark the most notorious and promiscuous omega of modern times?
“Good boy sweet heart, all is forgiven.  Now what is the point of you wearing your diaper if you don’t use it, everyone knows little boys your age pee in their diapers.  Only big boys and grownups use the toilet.”
He smirked, Tony didn’t realize that he had spent the night implanting thoughts in his omega’s head with his Alpha voice.  That was the beauty of the first 24 hours of their mating, an Alpha could use his voice whilst their omega was sleeping to manipulate his omega into the correct behaviours and  ways of thinking that he wanted, without the omega ever knowing.
He was vaguely aware of being manipulated onto his hands and knees, the steady push of dildos into his battered holes, being startled by his low moan of pain being abruptly cut off by the sudden thickness of the penis gag thrusting into his mouth. Consciousness returned fully with the prickling sensation of thousands of tiny ants running over his body, he screamed in to his gag as they covered his face and eyes, but the horror of feeling them crawling into his ears had him struggling to break free, his whole body shaking with fear as all sight and sound abruptly disappeared.
Mrs Hogan is acting as a surrogate for Captain Rogers and his husband and recently found out that the last round of treatment has been successful, Mr Hogan is fully supportive of this endeavor and will raise the child alongside any others they may have in the future.
Tony slowly opened his eyes as he felt the head of the bed being raised, blearily taking in the sight of the nurse from the night before fussing over his blankets and setting a breakfast tray across his lap.  A spoon full of oat meal appeared in his line of sight, it looked like wallpaper paste, not even the two sad looking blueberries sitting on the top could make it look appealing.
Tony screamed as Steve pounded into him, he could believe that he had been caught so unaware.  By the time he could breathe again Steve was balls deep in him thrusting hard, his hands gripping his hips holding him in place, his breasts slapping against the wooden rail.
“Oh, look out little spider has woken up Bruce, just in time for the fun part of the proceedings.  Would you like me to carry on whilst you deal with getting our new milk cow prepared?”
“Good omega, once the pups have been born and you have bonded the operation will take place, there is plenty of your milk frozen and now we have the new omega milk cow the older pups will be able to feed whenever they want.
Truth be told Bruce was not surprised by Steve’s answer, he was even relieved as it would mean he could continue his study of their bonding and the effects of the serum. A high fertility rate would be essential to restock the depleted omegas quickly, if he could breakdown the serum extract and adapt the fertility element it contained to produce a safe formula for inducing multiple births this would be an enormous breakthrough in the repopulation of omegas, multiple births meant there would be higher change of omega pups being produced.
“Good morning Captain, I see that your omega is now heat free and you can once again join us in our breakfast feast.  I must say that he is much more aware of his place now thanks to you my good Captain.
Howard had always said that he was a pathetic excuse for an Alpha, not strong or big enough, an embarrassment because he was to soft and trusting, look at Ty and Sunset.  Perhaps he was right, but who would have thought that Captain America would turn out to be such a cold, calculating, devious bastard.
“Fuck, that is one scary lady whose bad side I never want to get on.  Shit! Nat she is way scarier than you!”
Tony cradled his daughter amazed that after a few seconds of rooting around his nipple she latched on and started to suckle, he could feel her pulling the milk from his breast through his nipple.  She was beautiful and he felt an overwhelming surge of love for this small being he had created.  The birth of his second daughter followed quickly and relatively painlessly, she was eager to follow her twin out into the world and like her sister cried in her father’s arms until she latched on to her mother’s breast.
Tony had put Sarah to bed and was feeding Peggy when Bruce entered the Nursery, he was tired and irritable from a day of arguing and being looked down on by the Alphas in R&D who didn’t want to listen to him or follow his directions.  Now he was going to have to deal with an absent Steve and by the look on his face a pissed Bruce.
“You know Natasha, Hulk always distrusted you, thought there was something hinky about you, l should have trusted him, but then you flashed your tits and legs and sold me a lie.
Tony loved the feel of Steve’s fingers running through his hair, the slight scratch of his nails across his scalp.  He smiled as gentle kisses were peppered all over his face, as large arms gathered him up carrying him into the bathroom and set him down on the toilet.  Honestly he was still too sleepy to bother scolding Steve for not letting him stand and just let go, he would have words later.
It’s a shame you have to give a presentation at this meeting or I would fill that pouty mouth of yours with this lovely new cock shaped ball gag sized to my cock. All those old farts on the board would watch you struggle to breathe, wishing it was their cocks shoved down your throat fucking your face making you chock on their cum.”
Needless to say, after his initial sulking and moodiness, he had taken full advantage of the fact both Clint and surprisingly Natasha at times would give in completely to all his demands for treats and unhealthy food stuffs.  Not wanting a teary- eyed omega, emitting distressed omega pheromones all over the place.  Getting to eat breakfast, without being hand fed by one of the others had been the pinnacle of his manipulative behaviour over the last two days, even if he did still felt a bit guilty for Bruce having to spend some time in the Hulk room after his onslaught of whining and pleading.
He wastes no time in ramming his cock into Loki’s tight hole, mouthing at the bundle of nerves, enjoying the way the omega has no choice but to relax and grind back onto his cock, hips undulating with each thrust.
He had dressed Stevie in a beautiful diaphanous white negligee, with pale peach bows, silk stockings and white lace panties. On the table sat a thin black leather collar, with a small engraved dog tag hanging from the d ring at the front.
You must join with the omega and place your mark, yours and Thor’s power combined will alter the threads of fate.”
Tony tries to turn his head away from Steve’s intense stare, to hide the flush of arousal his words are causing but Steve grips his face between his hands.
Steve could see the panic rising as Tony feebly struggled to move, leaning over he gently cupped the omega’s face, making eye contact.
Darcy writhed on his knot, her mind floating as her insides milked his cock, her heat began to curl through her veins. As the President continued to pump her full of his seed she said the only words that seemed to make any sense at that moment and that would also keep her brother safe
Steve watched as next Tony’s small flaccid cock and shrunken balls were examined. He noticed the doctor pressing his fingers up into the soft skin behind his omega’s ball sack.
“Steve l am going to shoot my load, Hulk wants to play but his sperm will burn her, and we can’t have that at the moment.  I have promised he can play with her when she is no longer needed.”
The change in position meant that Tony was literally dangling off his Alpha’s cock, his feet nowhere near the floor.  Only the thick muscled arm holding him against his alpha’s chest stopped him from falling face forward onto the counter.  The show of strength should not have been such a turn on but Tony could not help the lust filled moaning that escaped his lips.  Steve grinned sucking and nipping at the claim mark on his omega’s neck the gland beneath swollen pulsing in time with each upward jerk of his cock.
Tony could feel his whole, body vibrating, his heart beating loudly in his chest, each inhale carried the taste of Alpha pheromones as his mating gland pulsed in time with his clit.  He couldn’t think of anything he desired more than to be Steve’s omega, but just as he opened his mouth to cry ‘Yes’ a feeling of wrongness edged his consciousness.
5. Never wear more than four items of clothing, must be easy to remove and put back on.
“Father, this is my alpha bastardr Brandt, the first of many guardians, he is healthy and strong, Loki is a true breeder and will give me many more bastardr, I ask the boon of the first ring of fertility.
Tomorrow l will call an emergency board meeting, Jarvis has informed me that l know own 75% of SI stock so can remove the board and l will be buying up their stock before allowing them to retire gracefully.  Any dissenters will be dealt with discretely by Natasha.
Natasha glared at Fury, eyes glinting in anger, Fury nodded his head.  Natasha’s wished she could bring Howard back from the dead, just so she could kill him again, very slowly and with a lot of pain.  Even the Red Room had never denied someone their orientation, they had just exploited and used it to their advantage. Alphas, Betas and even Omegas had all been trained to be assassins and Black Widows.
Not wanting to miss out on the fun he lay down facing Tony’s front so he could work two of his fingers past tight cunt lips, scissoring them until the tight flesh loosened and he could work another two fingers in.  Thumbing Tony’s clit he rubbed the hard nub until Tony shuddered and cried through two orgasms in quick succession.  Fingers soaked with cunt juice, he slowly pushed his straightened fingers and thumb inside, amazed that Tony’s body could adapt to being stuffed front and back with his Alphas hands.
“Took your time bitch, going to need to build up your stamina, breeding bitch like you needs to learn to take my knot a minimum of six times a day, every day.
“Good morning little bitch, it seems you need a lesson in hard work, to appreciate all that l have given you.
“What the hell do you think you are doing?  How dare you drink coffee when you know that I have forbidden it!   You are only allowed what has been approved by myself and your obstetrician, your flagrant disobedience cannot go unpunished pregnant or not!”
“That’s it my omega such a good little bitch for your Alpha, now I want you to ride me whilst I play with your tits.  You want that don’t you come on say it out loud use those words you know I want to hear!”
“Dam! I forgot to swap out your nose ring, this one is much bigger, I hope it fits.
Steve laughed out loud at the thoughts racing through his omega’s head, he was glad that the mental link only went one way, he had such plans for Tony and did not want his omega to be prepared for them in any way shape or form.
Stunned she watched as what could only be the Hulk smashed his fists into the Professor’s face as he pinned him to the ground. Mesmerised she watched as the Professor’s body rippled his skin and muscles expanding as his body fully transformed.  He was considerably larger, and she could see the intelligence and cunning shining from his eyes, whereas the other one was all brute strength and rage.
“ Such a dirty slutty boy,  don’t touch yourself.  Do l need to bind your naughty hands for you to behave?”
BB made her entrance with Darcy soon after, her cunt clenching at the sight of Captain America, she made sure to smile at him as she led Darcy over to the second breeding bench.  Once she had strapped her in she went to stand beside the President.
Chapter 87
Tony froze at the thought he could end up being taken away and forced to bond with another Alpha.  He thought of all that he had endured with Him, and then how Steve treated him now and realised that Steve might be old fashioned and traditional in his view of how an omega should be treated and behave, but he was free in away that he had never been the Captain.
Steve could not get enough of watching his omega beg and plead for his cock.  Tony’s eyes were wild darting from his face to his cock, pink tongue peeking out of plump shiny lips.
A second box held various pairs of ear rings, nose rings, bangles, cuffs and necklaces.  Steve clipped a single tear drop diamond to his left ear and a plain platinum cuff to his right.
Bruce led Petey into the Communal Lounge, just as Sita finished strapping Loki onto the birthing bench. The jotun omega was screaming and cursing at both her and Thor, the abusive language only ceasing when she fitted a ball gag over Loki’s mouth.
“Don’t be afraid Tony, we are here to rescue you and take you home.  It’s me Steve and Natasha, we have been searching the multi verse for months with the help of Dr Strange and his magic eye.  We finally found traces of the portal’s signature and tracked it to this world.  It was another one in 14,000 000 chance, but l had to find you and bring you back, the world needs Tony Stark and his genius, there is so much rebuilding and regeneration to be done.  Everyone is relying on you being found so that you can step up and start problem solving and fixing things again.  I know that you want to do the right thing so even if you are not out Tony Stark, wouldn’t you rather be free in our world, than a slave here.”
Darcy screamed round the ball gag as the studded paddle thwacked against her newly branded cheek, Betty’s cruel smile reflecting in the mirror as she continued to beat Darcy’s ass cheeks long after the mandatory morning discipline amount had been dealt.
The bitch wasn’t in the best position to take a cock up her ass, but Pepper managed to sheath herself and start fucking Natty with short hard thrusts, she reached round to grab her thick nipples and tug them in time with her thrusts.
There is nothing he can do when Steve’s rut is triggered by their bonding. His body is just a receptacle for Steve’s sperm, he loses track of time as he is taken over, and over again, cum coating his body inside and out.  His voice cracks as he screams and pleads with Steve to make the pain stop, his insides are on fire as his internal organs rearrange themselves to make way for the newly growing ones.  He try’s to pull away from Steve’s fingers as he rubs against the newly forming hole behind his cock, but his body is to weak and his mind is trapped in the need to be the ‘good boy’ that Steve tell him he is over and over again as he fucks his mouth or his asshole, teeth biting deep into his mating gland, strengthening their bond.
“kotehok, come on let’s get your Hanten jacket on, it will keep you warm at the hospital.  Steve picked this one out especially for you to wear.”
"See how pretty your little cock looks all tucked away, look at your pussy lips spread wide and sparkling just for me. Your greedy hole swallowed those large crystals with hardly any resistance, such a sloppy stretched hole perhaps next time I need to use even bigger beads.”
JARVIS ordered Dumm-E to return the backpack and note books to the bedroom but to leave it on the bed for Captain Rogers to discover hopefully before Barnes returned.  He needed to provoke a confrontation between the two Alphas without risking his creator if possible.
“Liquid honey Bruce, he will need milking multiple times a day so that we can treat ourselves to this sweet nectar.  Can you imagine how fuckable he will look when his breast milk comes in and he is being milked from both ends at once.”
The Winter Wolf
Within minutes Steve had stripped and donned his Captain America uniform, Tony retrieved his shield from it’s case and held it ready for his Alpha.
Tony kept his eyes lowered as he walked through the ballroom in front of Steve and Bruce, his lace wrap did nothing to hide his exposed breasts and the cum stains covering his gown.  Once back at the Tower Bruce had him strip to check him over, apart from a sore jaw from all the blow jobs he was fine, so Bruce sent him off to shower and feed Sarah.
“Stop right now brat, you have no one but yourself to blame, you will sit on my knot until l decide to let you off, and then you will take Winter’s knot and keep it warm until Bruce can tell us if we can fatten you up safely with Loki’s milk.”
His body was preparing itself to fulfil its biological imperative of procreation and of ingesting as much cum as it could to keep the omega and any baby alive if the Alpha had to leave for any amount of time.
Anthony agreed wholeheartedly to his transformation and Ms Potts and Colonel Rhodes signed as witnesses to the agreement.  I turned, bonded, and mated Tony with his full consent on Monday, he is a wonderful omega and is going to be an exceptional mother and an asset to the Avengers in an auxiliary position and as a consultant to Stark Industries
Still have not decided what clothes Steve will dress him in for the board meeting and now Pepper is also going to be arriving!
Hulk paraded Daisy Cow backward and forward in front of her gawping Alphas, giving them ample time to view of their omega’s outfit, growling when Winter made a move to touch the bare flesh of her peachy buttocks.
Dr Gottlieb entered followed by stocky stern faced woman dressed in navy blue scrubs with white crocs.
Tony faces another examination at his doctor's appointment.
“There we go little omega, no need to be sad, May Cow lived a good life this past year and died providing a great service for us.”
Tony lay cuddled with Pepper it was their free afternoon, so they were lazing around watching TV and eating unhealthy snacks.  He snuggled closer and latched in to her nipple, giving it a few hard sucks before the milk began to flow.  He lay his hand over her stomach, fascinated by the hard mound, occasionally he would feel one of the babies move.
He watched as a pretty young woman entered dressed in tight fitting jumpsuit, carrying a covered tray, which she set down on the stand beside the examination chair.
Tears of frustrations poured down his cheeks as he stared at the screen, six errors in one thousand words. This was his second attempt, and his butt was on fire, not just from Hulk’s pounding but also from the paddling Bruce gave him after his first failure.
“No Alpha, please l wasn’t disobeying you, l wanted to show you that l understand  that as an omega l do not get to choose, that l belong to you and as my Alpha every decision is made by you.
“Omega, you will receive ten swats for mouthing off and a further ten swats for speaking in a derogatory manner about yourself.
Chapter 12
Tony gets a punishment spanking.
The news reporters’ voices boomed round the room, their harsh scathing words ripping into him, when the news paper articles flashed onto the screens ‘Back in Black’ screamed from the speakers.  Every time he closed his eyes or tried to cover his ears his body received a small shock from a pulse of electric running through the beanbag.
Steve carried Tony into their bedroom and lay him out on the bed, pushing the skirt of the dress up so he could stroke Tony’s tiny cock and balls.
More humiliation for Tony, then he gets to be Iron Man.
“Now Anthony there is nothing to be embarrassed or ashamed about, loose bowel movement is a natural side effect of your detox treatment, that is why you have the diaper on. Less embarrassing for you to have any accidents contained and more hygienic, your sphincter will take some time to recover its tightness and since you still have one more detox treatment ahead of you to completely flush out all the toxins from your body it will be awhile before you have control over your bladder and bowel movements.”
Steve questions Tony about his world's Pepper and Extremis, offering him an award if he
Tony whined as he felt Winter’s cock withdraw, his tongue chasing the strands of cum leaking from his fat cockhead, locking his lips around the head he licked and sucked milking every last drop, only letting go when Steve drags him backwards to cuff his hands to the bedhead. Ankles cuffed together he is helpless as both Alphas swoop down to latch on to his nipples.
Steve felt his knot swell and catch on Tony’s rim on hearing him call him daddy, he  grabbed  Tony’s hips slamming back into his sopping hole,  grinding hard against his ass as his knot caught and locked tight in his boy’s cunt.
But the main reason for not offering this treatment at the beginning is that we have to ensure that the patient is susceptible to magical forces and does not have any ability to disrupt the flow of energy once it has begun.
“Correct Agent Barton, Tony’s original test results were still in his file along with the forged results, our own test confirms that he is an omega.  It seems that Dr Davidson was very old school and kept paper medical files, he kept the original test results just in case Howard ever stopped paying him hush money.”
Tony had been quiet the whole time, kneeling naked by his Alphas.  He was shocked by Bruce and Hulk’s separation and a little jealous the Hulk had his own omega who got to experience the whole length and girth of Hulk’s considerable member.
Before he could draw breath to continue Steve had flipped down his faceplate and ordered JARVIS to take Tony straight back to the tower and keep him locked down in his workshop until he arrived to deal with the situation.
Tony couldn’t stop his tears as he saw what Darcy had been reduced too, a fat mass of pale rippling skin, enormous breasts, with the biggest nipples he had ever seen being milked at a rate much faster than his own had. Her pregnant belly rested on the floor, he could even make out the elbows and feet kicking her intermittently. No sound came from her mouth as the dildos reamed her holes, her eyes glazed over in bliss as he watched her whole body stiffen as she climaxed once again.
Steve and Tony's thoughts.
Running his fingers through Tony’s hair he tugged on it until his omega was looking up at him, swooping down he kissed his omega hard nipping and biting his lips, tongue plundering his mouth until Tony was mewling and whimpering the scent of his slick heavy as it leaked from his hole.
Steve and Winter push Tony’s slick covered thighs apart, pushing his knees up so that they can take in the sight of his loose hole and tightly close cunt lips. No useless omega cock or balls to spoil the view, only a small raise mound of skin.
“Come here little O, drop your pants and slide your tight little pussy onto my cock.  I want you ready for breeding as soon as possible, so l am going to fuck you and knot you as many times as it takes to get your womb ready.”
Bucky and I have a few things to discuss before we join you but don’t think that I will not be keeping an eye on the time, you will be punished if you are not where I have told you to be at the correct time.”
Tony shivered half with arousal and half in embarrassment as he knew that Pepper would just waltz into the bedroom without knocking as was her usual practise when trying to get Tony to attend board meetings. She would be greeted with the sight of his naked plugged and reddened ass, he could only hope that she would no decide to add to his punishment for not being ready to leave.
“Does my omega think he has been a good little bitch tonight, do you believe that you have done everything that I expected of you tonight, shown the world what a perfect submissive little omega bitch you are?
“Well what do we have here? Look at our dirty little omega getting fucked by Jarvis, howling like a bitch in heat. Do you like our surprise? Bet you never thought Steve would find out your dirty little secret.”
Asgard for disposal, well that’s what he told Dr Strange.  But such an Alpha did not deserve what you did to him.  Asgard values it’s Berserker warriors.  His soul was awakened and placed in his cloned body. He was utterly devastated and then enraged when he found out that you had chosen that impostor Winter, over your true friend.
Betty checked herself in the mirror before leaving, she had found a crisp white shirt and short pleated black skirt laid out for her, a tiny pink thong and black over the knee socks, with patent leather pumps.  Following the theme, she had plaited her hair in two thick French braids, using the pink fluffy scrunchies sitting with the outfit.  Her makeup was minimal apart from her lips, the glossy pink lipstick shining under the lights.  Picking up Darcy’s leash she made her way to the entrance doors of the suite where one of their security detail was waiting to take her to the Oval office.
Flash Back
Just as his fingers managed to grip hold of the mobile he felt Steve slip his hand down the back of his diaper, one long finger rubbing along his crack before taping the base of the plug.  Just that small movement had the plug nudging his prostrate, with each further tap he could feel sparks of heat mounting as his cock plumped and pushed up against the padding.
“Nnnggghhh!  Nnnggghhh     Aaaahhhh!!”
Chapter 10
Tony howls out loud as both Alphas thrust up simultaneously, he feels their knots pop the pain almost blinding, his channel pulses releasing a river of slick to ease the burn of their knots rubbing against the sensitive skin of his passage.  His over stretched ring clenches and locks on to the thick bases, milking every drop of cum possible.
“Such a good little cock warming slut a lovely way to wake up pet, but there is still the matter of your punishment for your disobedience last night.  I wonder what will be the best way to remind you of your place as my omega.  I will give you a choice but you need to choose wisely.
Nat screamed through her gag as her pussy was ripped apart by a huge cock, there had bent no prep and her slick was not enough to ease the way.  The pain was unbearable as the hound continued to pound her hole, all of a sudden he stopped, she breathed a sigh of relief that it was over, that he had not spill his cum inside her.
Clint, Natasha latch on to the milk cow’s fat udders, once you get a taste of her cream you will always want it, luckily, she produces more than enough milk to serve all the pack. Tomorrow we will bring the milking machine out in the lounge so that we can all watch her udders being pumped empty only to start filling once again as the day progresses.
Bruce squeezed Steve’s thigh hard, fingers pressing against the bulge of his penis.
Both Alphas were talking quietly outside the door, occasionally glancing in to check he hadn’t escaped through the adjoining medical suite.
She removed her hand from Steve’s hold, wanting to get away, annoyed she had let her personal feelings take over. Picking up her dropped brief case she turned to walk away towards a frowning Happy.
Bruce had been fascinated by Professor Hulk, that there was a possibility he could also receive the same treatment intrigued and excited him.  That he was allowed to read all the data and make notes and add to the research went a long way to him accepting that this world could hold the answer to how he could  rid himself of the Hulk. He didn’t even mind the suppression collar, it was freeing to know that the Hulk would not break loose no matter how enraged he became.
Bucky smirked as Stevie’s body went limp, poor little weak omega, never mind, he would soon train him to keep riding his cock and  milk his knot until his belly was swollen with his cum.  It was an omega’s place to work their alpha’s knot, to suck him clean ensure they didn’t let  a drop of cum escape.
Steve woke under a pile of soft blankets, mind hazy, limbs aching. The Memories of the evening before, flooded his mind, the hours spent sitting on the chair, changing positions to order. Whenever he had been to slow, the temperature dropped and ice crept across the floor, to his utter mortification his cock hardened the longer he posed for his unseen tormentor. Now he could feel it hard against his stomach, so he reached down, fingers gliding over smooth skin, to take hold of his cock, he refused to think about how small it was now, or how much more sensitive his denuded balls felt as he stroked himself to completion, which only took him a couple of strokes, his stamina along with his strength had disappeared, he was thankful that neither Winter or Tony where here to witness his shame.
Tony blushed furiously as Steve gently sponged his body, he kept his eyes closed as large hands moved his limbs carefully so as not to jerk his injured shoulder or leg.  When the sponge brushed over his groin he whimpered as he felt his cock twitch, fortunately or unfortunately as the case may be, the catheter stopped him from getting harder.  The drag of the sponge along his perineum and over his hole made his gasp out loud.
“What, do you think Banner, Natty bitch is a new acquisition, she has been genetically modified to carry hybrid babies.  Two alpha hounds will fuck her twice a day until she has been bred.  We are hoping that you will be interested in helping with the research once we have separated you from your Hulk.
Where the hell had Steve hidden his chocolate, he wanted more and was going to be pissed if refused, it was his present and he could bloody well eat it all if he wanted.  Thor wouldn’t care, he would probably get Tony more if he just asked, in fact he had a craving now for those Asgardian grapes dipped in melted To’rk chocolate.  In fact, he bet those strawberries would taste just as good and he wouldn’t need to wait for Thor to journey back to Asgard.
The Iron man suits could be used when the Avengers were called to assemble or to take Tony to safety if there was a threat to the tower or his life.  Steve had override codes to the suits so that JARVIS could them over to protect Tony or to stop him from running or not listening to orders out in the field.
“Tony Pup, will be at the vets today for a full examination to ensure that he has reached all his targets and will be in perfect condition for you to breed him on Saturday.  It will be Public Breeding at the Charity Gala in aid of the Avengers Foundation.
Tony stretched and sat up, staring around until his eyes lit on Mummy’s big breasts, he crawled over her huge belly and latched on to one of her thick teats. He moaned as his mouth filled with her rich creamy milk, he had missed suckling directly from her.  Belly full he slid back down between her spread legs and began to lap at her cunt, paying special attention to her clit. Preening at the praise he was receiving for making her moan and squirt her alien pussy milk.
Steve panted as lips sucked on his nipples, and a spit-soaked finger circled his hole, he arched up as the finger final penetrated his tight hole, his cock hurt and his balls ached, it had been six weeks since his watcher had told him to bind them.
Exhausted as he was, he knew he had to answer,
I would like to offer you the position of Secretary of the Department of Super Hero Defence.  It has been approved by my Cabinet and you can appoint members of staff as you see fit.  This Document provides the parameters that you may act under and details of your budget along with all the other information that you will need to set up this new department.”
“Shhh baby, you need to stay still, a fully trained traditional omega can lay perfectly still and quiet whilst their Alpha seeks his pleasure only making any kind of response when given permission, it is a true measure of your submission that you can sublimate your own sexual desire numerous times to  allow your Alpha the full pleasure and use of your body without any sexual release for yourself. It won’t be something I indulge in that often as I prefer a more active partner, but it is a requirement of your training.
Chapter 16
Chapter 27
“Morning little boss, looking good, got you some jellybeans from that new sweetshop that’s just opened, all- natural flavourings, they even have blueberry ones.”
“Secretary Ross, I will admit to some hesitation when first fully informed of the more stringent requirements of the Omega Registration Act, but after consulting with the experts and reading the data that led to them being put forward I can honestly say that my decision to fully support the new Omega Registration Law is absolute.
Tony caved completely under the bright expectant stare of the Asgardian Alpha.  Stupid big lug he thought, there was no way he wanted to see Thor’s sad puppy eyes turned on him in disappointment.  The coffee cake was yummy, and the grapes had him moaning with each burst of juicy sweetness, he didn’t even mind when Steve laughed as Thor teased him by holding the grapes just out of reach of his mouth.
Steve could see the frustration mounting in his omega, he knew it was wicked of him to make his poor omega beg him again and use the other dreaded word for his birthing channel.  He could not help himself though there was just something so dirty about hearing that word come out of Tony’s lips and watching the blush on his face both when he said it to his omega and when he made him say it.
Hey Thor, how long does a Jotun omega usually labour for?  Do you still need Tony to stimulate your bitch’s nipples?”
He breathed a sigh of relief when a nurse rushed, the nurse quickly injected a sedative into the cannula on the back of Tony’s hand, then checked that the dialysis needles had not been disturbed. Tony’s eye lids drooped, words slurring as he quickly succumbed to unconsciousness.
“All taken care of Nat, little man has a pull-up on and there is a second set of clothes in the trunk along with his changing bag.   But Tony is going to spend the evening as a big boy so that he can show his daddy how well he can behave in public.
Running his hands over the now smooth and sensitive skin he could feel Tony’s body trembling and the small whimpers escaping Tony’s mouth even as he tried desperately to stay silent as he had been ordered.
Ou…r  ..Your Omega is bound and waiting for you,
Steve pressed a gentle kiss to his lost mate’s forehead before whispering in his ear in Russian the trigger words JARVIS gave him;
His omega was still incredibly sensitive about his increased weight in front of other people, even though it was perfectly natural and highly encouraged for omega’s to be plump and soft.  Tony had done so well with his eating since coming home from the hospital, especially now he was free of his cast and Steve as a reward, allowed him to eat one meal a day on his own.
He could only be thankful that Winter was now officially ‘Alpha Consort’ to Steve and that there would be no other omega that could take his place.  His Alphas had been clear on the matter and even though he knew that they fucked others it was just part of an Alpha’s nature to do so, especially in a War Pack.
“Come stand with me Tony, look at yourself in the mirror.  I want you to know that l love you and am so happy that you were not hurt, and l managed to find you.  But l cannot let slide that you have now broken two of our hard rules.
Chapter 40
Tony just stared at Steve, stupid Alpha getting his words muddled.
“May cow, why the sudden change? don’t think you can fool me into thinking you have had a total change of heart, you are going to have to proof it with each session we have, until I believe that you are being truthful and not just pretending to accept you new position in life until you can escape.”
Next chapter we will be back with Tony :)
“Fucking dirty cow! Now we need to clean you up again.”
“Come now omega Winter Stark Rogers!”
“P..please, please!”
The remaining buttons of his shirt were undone the shirt hanging precariously from his shoulders.  His arc reactor brands and more humiliating his metal encased cock would be partially exposed with each step taken and Tony just knew that he would be doing the walk of shame back through the tower to the penthouse just as he had done at Shield Headquarters that first time after being claimed.
Steve could feel his mate’s body trembling as he climaxed, warm cum running over his fingers as Tony cried out.
“Right, can we have her chained on the mattress, on her knees. Make sure both her holes are filled and the dildos on the highest settings.  I want her nipples suctioned again, they have shrunk again, come on time is money.
Steve watched as all emotion disappeared from Bucky’s face and the struggling body beneath him stilled, the Winter Soldier was now in control awaiting his orders.
“Sir, I must inform you that with the plugs at their largest it will be highly uncomfortable and nearly impossible for him to walk upright.”
Tony was responding so well to his treatment, there were hardly any traces of the old reckless and infuriating Tony Stark left, even when Steve would need him to be big and attend public functions everyone was going to be shocked not just by the physical changes but also by his softer, shyer demeanor.  In fact, he would need to see about getting his cute little boy a new outfit in his size, for the Maria Stark Foundation Annual Gala at the end of the month.
Steve felt Tony’s hitched breath and watched tears leak from his eyes, but more interesting was the full body shudder and the flush of arousal spreading down across his body.
As ever Tony knew that there was only one answer, even if he knew deep down that he was being manipulated by his bastard Alpha.
Winter was under weight by twenty pounds, and there was some loss of muscle definition, probably due to his being caged and underfed as a punishment.  His sperm count was extremely high, and his genitalia measured ten inches whilst soft, his balls large and heavy. The vest estimated his knot would be at minimum of eight inches in circumference, probably more depending on the wolf’s girth and length when erect.
Loki kept his eyes firmly on the floor as he walked five paces behind Thor, he could feel all the guests eyes staring at him as he was paraded across the ballroom, he could hear the murmured whispers and gasps as they all took in altered form and that of the large Frost Giant following behind him.
Tony smiled at the sight of his babies so innocent and happy not a care in the world, just enjoying being at the beach the sun shining down on them as it did on so many other children
The reaction of the Pack was everything he expected, Hulk had stayed for a short time but had then dragged Jella down to the Hulk Room, thankfully it could be made soundproof and was built to withstand treble the strength of Hulk on a rampage. Curiosity won out and they turned on the live feed and settled down to watch Hulk claim his omega giant.
“Come on Brutus, time to fuck her other sloppy hole, good boy, there we go now show your bitch who is in charge.”
His body bore the signs of the most changes, the tanned skin was now soft creamy skin as the omega had rarely left the confines of the tower whilst pregnant, only a hint of muscle remaining beneath a layer of soft flesh. Breasts heavy with milk jutted out from his chest thick nipples standing ridged, almost smothering the blue of the arc reactor nestling between them.  The flared curve of his widened hips emphasised the dip of his waist and the small soft mound of his now empty omega pouch.
Only one more day Winter and he will be yours.”
“Shh, baby, everything is going to be alright, I promise. I know nothing makes sense and your emotions are shot to pieces, you must be so confused sweetheart.  Just let it all out, the doctor says that you will suffer from mood swings until your hormones balance and all the physical changes your body is going through have completed.”
“Steve, leave me to deal with Helen, I am fully aware that she is totally infatuated with me and has deluded herself into thinking we could be a bonded pair.  I have full knowledge of how the Cradle works now, and as it is patented to Stark Industries she will not be allowed to remove it from the Compound or build a new one, all her research is held on our servers and I have already found her written journals and secured them in the vault.
I am sur… umm I am sure that you all ohhh ahh  fuuuu ck!  What the hell Steve?” Tony Shrieked.
But she was his now, he didn’t care what she presented as, he wanted her, and he was going to have her, as his mistress or second omega if she presented as such.
He lined up his cock, her Pussy lips w still tight and he had to force the head of his cock through and into her entrance.  He kept up the steady pressure on her airway, enough to illicit panic but not cause her to pass out.
The President buzzed for a courier to enter and take the documents to be registered at the British Embassy and then to be flown direct to London to be lodged with the Omega Institute.
Food, food, soap and more food.
See how beautiful you are laying there, your body on display, your pretty cock all bound up.  How good does that silk feel on your soft skin?  When you do your poses for me, you always do them to the best of your ability, you never just do enough to get by.
“Shhh Petey, you need to be quiet or Hulk will come back out, and this time he will rip open you pussy.  You don’t want make him angry, now l am going to fit you with a hulk plug, and then you can have a nap.  When I you wake you, it will be time for your first training session.”
Tony rebels and is punished by his Daddy.
“Tony sweetie, clean me up and then we are going to get you all prettied up for your Alphas.”
“D..Daddy not want me?  Doesn’t he love me anymore?  P..please I be a good baby for Daddy, don’t want be on my own, love Daddy.”
Tony could feel his cheeks heat, as he stepped into the new diaper, trying to wriggle away as Steve’s hand slipped down the front.
Come on Tony, don’t be a tease, show me that you want it, there we go, see how you pretty hole knows what’s best for you, how it takes in my cock, you mind needs to catch up with your body, get with the program Tony.
“I make things, yes?  Look, building new tower for Aunty Pep”
Pepper had also been disappearing in the afternoons on a regular basis as well, always coming back with a selection of cakes for Happy and him but would never divulge where she had been or who she was meeting.
“Now this is mine and Stevie’s favourite and the one we get to decide on where it goes, can you guess what we decided hmmm?”
“There we go dearie, not so bad is it, just a few more spoonfuls and then you can have a nice cup of juice.  Come on open up, don’t make me have to go and get Ms Potts, she is just outside talking to Captain Rogers.”
“Steve, l want you to feed your omega your cum filled balls, she can take them along with your cock, ok that’s good Steve, don’t let her ever tell you that you she can’t take what you are so generously bestowing on her.
Happy you can shove your marriage and Steve you can shove your job.  I am going to take all my skills and experience and work for one of your rivals and burn the lot of you!”
Natasha stepped forward had held out on greeting.
Thor kept her hanging on his knot until he felt the quickening of his seed in her womb, he wanted Loki pregnant always, even without her magic or enhanced strength she was still a cunning bitch.  If her womb was always full then what strength or power that may manifest in her body in the future would always be siphoned off to ensure the pups grew strong and healthy.
Clint perched on the end of the bed, whilst Bruce looked through Tony’s medical chart, he would need to keep their genius Omega distracted and entertained over the next few weeks whilst he was immobilised, Tony was going to be miserable and upset by the physical restrictions he faced whilst healing.  He would need to speak to Jarvis about allowing the bots to come up to the common room to visit Tony, he knew Tony loved them and treated them as if they were his children.
The slow drive back to the Compound took over 15 minutes as they teased Pepper but increasing their speeds so she had to jog faster in order to keep the rope taut and then they would slow down and watch her stumble as she had to adjust her speed.
Bruce smiled as Steve eventually just picked up Tony and placed him on his lap, judging by Tony’s flushed face and the burst of omega pheromones the Alpha was hard and horny.
“Don’t worry omega, your virgin cunt is just waiting to be wrecked by our alpha cocks, no more needing to be bred before we can fuck you pussy, every one of your holes can be made use of at all times now.”
Wanting to ensure that Pepper knew remembered that she was in charge, she pressed down on Pepper’s shoulders until she slid down that final inch, screaming as her pussy exploded with pleasure.
“You look so pretty with your mouth full of cock such a cock slut aren’t you? Perhaps I should keep you gagged all the time, it would certainly be quieter and less likely for you to earn a punishment for saying something wrong.
Natty shuffled into her kennel, exhausted by the huge weight of her belly, her nipples ached where Natasha had twisted and pulled them trying to get her milk flowing, but had only succeeding in getting a few tiny drops to come out.  Sinking down on to her mattress she let out a sigh of relief as the memory foam cushioned her body and allowed her to have a few minutes of relief.   Closing her eyes she drifted, the pups moving and kicking constantly meant she never got any real sleep, thankfully Mistress and The Professor had allowed her to go unmasked as she had become terrified of the darkness and the silence after being left for days when the Avengers had been called out on a mission.
True to their words Steve and Winter wrecked Tony until she sobbed and begged for them to stop, her holes stretched and leaking cum, her small belly distended and hard, throat gurgling as she desperately tried to swallow another mouthful of cum.
Well let’s get on with the internal examination then.  Alpha Rogers would you be so kind as to place your omega’s feet in the stirrups and attach the ankle cuffs.  I would also suggest wrist cuffs and the chest strap to stop any sudden movements.”
Omega Initiation.
“What are you playing at Thor?
“Sweetheart, Daddy is going to leave you with Judge Edwards for a little while, so that he can talk to you. Be a good boy and answer all his questions, he may need to examine you so don’t make a fuss and do exactly what he asks.  Daddy will be very unhappy if he finds out that you have been a naughty boy.
You will remain knotted to me until every last guest has departed, when I stand to bid goodbye to my guests you will hang off my knot and if you even make one move to get up from your knees I will cane the soles of your feet until they bleed!”
Bruce knew of a number of Alpha step parents that wanted to keep there current partner’s omega children for there own use and that his drug would enable them to show that the omega had consented as they had gone into heat immediately and been successfully bred.
Steve continued to watch his sleeping omega as he rocked his hips against his filled hole releasing another load of cum, Tony’s asshole clenched around his cock milking it empty.  Even whilst asleep his greedy omega could not get enough, which led him to think of the Winter Soldier and if their bond extended to him through Bucky.
Pepper gave him a final hug, gently placing a kiss on his cheek before picking up her bag and shoes, will a nod to Steve she left the two alone.
“Please Steve, please need your knot in my pussy’”
She also offers this as an apology for her disrespectful behaviour and attitude over the past few days.
Once he is stabilised I want you to get as much feed in to him as possible to build up his strength, there are plenty of shakes in the kitchenette and once we know labour has been halted if you can fuck him anally to get some natural cum in to him that would be ideal as well.  A lot of Alphas are not comfortable with this so I will understand if you do not want to.”
The night passed in a blur of heat induced fucking, her body burning and aching to be fucked  and bred, in the early hours of the morning she felt flush of heat leave and knew that once again her womb had caught her Alpha’s seed.
“Tony this is for the best Steve is your rightful Alpha the bond has taken, you must not fight it you will only make yourself miserable and cause yourself pain.   Yourself over to your Alpha it is the only way.
“Please Alpha l am your omega now, l don’t want to have to think anymore, make it all go away, l don’t want to see or feel anything, I want to be the perfect  omega for you.”
Helping Tony off the bed and on to his knees making sure that his heels dug in to his throbbing ass he pulled out his cock and pushing it passed his omega’s quivering lips. Cupping the back of Tony’s head, he held him in place as he slowly forced the large mushroomed head of his cock down his omega’s throat.  Tony’s sad eyes stared up at him lashes dripping with tears.  Steve almost felt sorry for him until his enhanced sense of smell caught a whiff of coffee on his omega’s breath.
“Well your little meg has drunk enough milk that she is going to be a plump little bitch, soft roles of omega fat within a day or two.  She is also going to crave Loki’s milk and will be a devious little minx in trying to feed her addiction.”
Tony’s breath stilled as he felt the glide of the razor up the sensitive skin of his throat and round his mouth removing the last trace of his identity as Tony Stark owner of Stark Industries, Chief Engineer of Research and Development, Iron Man and Independent UnBonded Omega.
There followed the indignity of having yet another enema, even though he told them he had just been thoroughly cleaned by his Alphas inside and out.  His skin was scrubbed pink with disinfectant before the final humiliation of having a catheter fitted along with IV ports in both hands.
“Nooo no, noooo!”
Tony gasped and shivered as Steve teased and coaxed his nubs until they were hard and throbbing, he almost screamed as Steve took one between his teeth, alternately worrying the swollen nub with his teeth before lathing it with his tongue.  His cock was rock hard against his stomach again, at least being a teenager again meant a quick refractory period, and a libido to match that of a Super Soldier, although he would have to ask if this was an omega thing and not just because he now had a young, fit and able body.
Moving to the kitchenette he picked from the bowl of fruit as he waited for the microwave to heat his mush, or porridge as Winter called it, sprinkling a handful of blueberries over his omega meal supplement he greedily spooned it down.  A 2 litre bottle of cum shake disappeared just as quickly, finally with the edge taken of his hunger and another bottle of cum shake in his hand he went to check on the girls.  The bots beeped in warning for him to be quiet, Dum-E’s camera eye swivelled round to peer at his creator, quietly beeping at him to go rest.  Tony smiled at their antics, the girls were going to have some very protective older siblings watching over them.
An ultrasound had shown that she was post menopause, early for her age but no doubt due to her infertility and erratic heats, though she would still a viable surrogate candidate with the right course of hormone treatment. She would have to be monitored over the next month to ensure her heats had completely ended and that her milk production had reach optimum capacity.  Only when her body was in peak condition and she was settled fully into her new position as an omega milk cow, would he implant the already fertilized eggs. Now Tony would not have to carry the pups for the other Alphas of his Pack, he would only be bred by his own Alphas.  Thor, Black Widow, Hawkeye and himself had already provided their sperm and Tony’s eggs had been harvested just after he had gone into his mini heat after the birth of the girls and before Steve and Winter had bred him again.
“Well done bitch, now for the final 20, I will not hold back, you are being punished and you will wear the marks of your punishment for all to see.”
Tony was loath to let go of his sleeping girls but the pain was building again and the thought of it was making him restless and weepy he had a feeling this baby was not going to be arriving quickly.
He watched as Steve took out a small, faded photo from his wallet, running his finger over the creased image.
He kept silent as he mounted Tony, distracting the mewling omega by pinching and twisting his hard nipples, a hand over his mouth keeping him quiet.  Tony was right around his cock, he could feel the small rows of nubs rubbing against his cock, the friction delicious on the sensitive skin and raised veins of his cock.
“My bitch’s holes are open for use until midday as part of his mandatory punishment.  I expect to see a well used and cum filled omega when l return, this is your opportunity to show Tony Stark  his rightful place and punish him for his utter disrespect to yourselves as his workers and to the Stark Industries Pack.”
“Make sure that you do not stop until you reach Stark Tower, Captain Rogers is expecting you to arrive by eleven, he wants his omega to work his allotted time in the lab today, whilst he, Natasha and Pepper are in the board meeting.
Fortunately, the background file on Ms’ Potts arrived earlier today, and has proved very enlightening.   Potts has an older half-brother on her father’s side that was obviously the favorite child whilst she was growing up, her parents especially her father showered all their love and affection on the boy, totally relegating their daughter to an afterthought.  David was a jock on the fast track to becoming a professional football player after college and academically he was majoring in Business and finance.  An injury ended his sports career and he joined the family business, running it a long-side his father.
Having no choice but to do as asked she reluctantly handed him her purse, just as his phone rang.
“The deep red lipstick Stephanie and leave your hair loose.
Tony screamed as the bristles dragged across his battered nipples, first the left then the right, it was a never ending, circle of pain, breasts, nipples, pussy. Bruce held him tight around his waist as he rode his cock, legs splayed wide open across Bruce’s thighs, his back pressed to the alpha’s chest, leaving his whole front exposed.
“You will put your sharp tongue to better use than to bad mouth your Pack Alpha.  I want to see how much l need to train you in the art of giving cunnilingus.   Steve says your blow job skills are in dire need of improvement, so we will work on that as well, but for now l want you to fuck my pussy with your tongue and lips.  You make me orgasm within 10 minutes then you get to sleep on the bed, if not you will be on the floor.”
Thankfully the third pup made a rapid appearance with very little effort on Tony’s part, small and delicate like the firstborn pup he sleepily suckled briefly before drifting off to sleep, not even stirring as Tony tied off the cord with silver braid before cutting it.
“ That’s it baby, you spread those thick thighs so I can play with your cunt, remember that you can’t move or get hard from now until I have completed the second part of the bonding.
May flushed with shame as her cunt clenched at his humiliating words, milking the Alpha’s cum deep into her insides. Winter’s cock pulsed once more flooding her throat making her gag, tears streaming from her eyes as what little gasps of breath she managed was suffocated by the thick liquid filling her throat.
Bruce smiled at her, pleased with such a simple fix, they would have time later to debate and create a more permanent solution.
“Lady Sophia, please taste this delightful new blend of herbal tea that my Darcy has introduced me too. It is very relaxing and tastes wonderful, will make you feel like a new woman.”
Tears pour down his cheeks as Daddy makes him lick clean the horrid ginger stem, he whines as something bigger and thicker fills his boy pussy, the stretch of Daddy’s knot causing a different burning sensation, one much more pleasurable.
Steve’s hands continued to rub the dome of his bloated stomach fingers gently pushing and stroking the taut flesh.
Tony ordered a large round bed with loads of soft blankets and cushions for himself and the pups so that he would be comfortable nursing them and have space to keep them all together. The cribs he designed himself, one that would fit all three new born pups and individual ones for when they were older and needed their own space, but could be linked together if they wanted to sleep close to each other.  The cribs could sway gently, play soothing sounds or music and each had its own mobile.
He couldn’t help spit at her, whilst glaring at Thor.
“Fuck, Winter look at those sacks of milk, the cow’s tits look ready to explode.  Once your knot goes down, lets milk the bitch, I’m not going to knot her sloppy used cunt, I’ll leave that for the Hulk to ruin.”
Stepping in front of her he pushed his cock past quivering lips, gripping her bald head to his crotch he fucked deep into her throat, pumping cum into the wet heat, oblivious to her distress.
“Beautiful.”
“Sweetheart come sit with me, we need to have an honest discussion before we see your therapist.
Alpha had kicked her thighs apart, so it was easy for him to crawl between them and slip his tongue into her wet gash, after he had ripped away the thin material of her thong.
"Tony dear I am going to give you an internal exam, your baby’s heart beat is fine but I have a suspicion that this could end up being a breech birth, which is not unusual in multiple births even though your last scan showed them all in the correct position, you pup may have turned.  Steve I want you to gently hold your omega’s knees wide apart so that I can feel what is going on.”
Waves of heat consumed her, as she lost herself to the pleasures of being filled by her Alpha.  She couldn’t remember why it has seemed to be such a bad idea to bond with him, by the time her heat had run its course it was too late to escape or protest that she had been an unwilling participant.
The next time he woke all the screens were showing his and Steve’s Wedding video, the wedding had been small and intimate Steve had not wanted a media circus Society Wedding.  The Malibu House had been chosen for both the ceremony and reception. Pepper and Steve had planed it all, Tony had only needed to turn up dressed in the suit chosen for him by Pepper and to be sober.  The whole affair had been classy and elegant, he floated through the whole thing high on his love for Steve and still unable to believe that perfect Captain Steve Rogers aka Captain America had chosen him.  The closing scene was his favourite, Steve sweeping him up in his arms bridal style and carrying him out to the waiting car whispering in his ear over and over again ‘mio bel bambino Tony.’
“The Centre for Omega Control has decided on the following punishments, Omega Stark will be permanently indentured to the Avengers as of this day, he is to be physically chastised every morning and evening, no less than ten strokes of an implement of your choosing, a punishment log must be provided weekly to the Centre.  If it is decided that he needs further chastisement he will be bought to the Centre where his punishment will be open to public viewing.
Steve paid no attention to Tony’s screams, the slick pouring from his hole and his fat little cock, was enough for him to know that his boy was excited and aroused by this rough fucking.
Your tits are growing at a good rate, so I am inclined for now to wait before making any further decision on injecting a further dose of tissue growth stimulant.”
This dark, full of non con everything.  Not for the faint hearted.
Hours later he was still immersed in the science, fascinated by the fact that Stark had made the final connections needed to adapt the Cradle.  He might not be the Tony Stark that he knew but he still trusted in his genius.
“Ummmmm, Loki’smilkcameinandittastedyummyandljustcouldntstopandnowIfeelallfunnyandtinglyandhappyandhornyandIwantyourcocksprettyplease.”
“There we go doll, doesn’t that feel good, now bend those knees and just let yourself go, we will make sure that nothing happens to you baby doll.”
The handler was alternating which pups fed, whilst the vet stitched up Darcy.  Tony could see how exhausted she was, but no one seemed to care.
****************************************************************
He moaned as he felt fingers probing his pussy, the digits stroking his inner walls, massaging his g spot.   Intent to just lay and accept the slow and easy build of his orgasm he spread his thighs as he lazily rolled his hips to encourage the fingers to push deeper into his pussy.
The morning after for Tony and Pepper.
Moving to the bed he could see that Tony had settled down and was staring at him with suspicion and a hint of fear. Taking a blanket he covered the omega, both for his own and Tony’s comfort.
As she spoke, she forced the heavy rings through each hole, uncaring of the pain she was inflicting.  Picking up her scalpel she carved away the thin layer of skin covering Loki’s clitoris, exposing the swollen nub, flicking her finger against it a few times had Loki crying in pain.
Don’t worry about anything Pup, if you are a good pet for the vet, you will get a treat tonight.”
Forcing an o- ring behind the mewling bitch’s teeth he then shoved three of his metal fingers in, fucking them in and out laughing at the drooling chocking bitch.  Licking a strip up the side of his face he tasted the salty tears dripping from the trembling omega.  His dick strained for release, slumping back on the sofa he unzipped his pants, taking his dick in hand he slowly jerked himself off under the gaze of the now silent omega.
Pulling out his wet fingers, he raised his hand bringing it down repeatedly on each plump buttock, the wobbling flesh turning rosy and warm as the breathy moans turned to shrieks of pain then garbled words and sobs as his wayward omega begged for forgiveness and yet another chance to prove that he could be the perfect obedient submissive omega that his Alphas wanted.
“ You have ten seconds to open you mouth and swallow my cock, if you don’t then l am going to take a crop to your titties  right on the side of the road in full view of all the cars driving past.  There will be someone who is bound to recognise you and take a photo or even stop to film it.”
His omega was beautiful, lost in a pain and pleasure loop.  It would be a sin not to take his own fill of his bitch.
The moment he caught her scent he knew that she was his omega, his cock hardened and his eyes ringed red.  Natasha thankfully dealt with all the paperwork and had her sedated and loaded her scent blocked crate into their SUV.  The drive back was torture, but he wanted to mate her in the security of the Compound and his own personal space.
“Steve thank god you have found me, please get me out of here I don’t like this place, I don’t know what is going on they will not tell me anything, that nurse with you just keeps saying to me it is for my own good and I will be a better person after conditioning, what the hell does that even mean?
Slipping into the waiting limo she made sure to let the Captain catch a glimpse stocking clad thighs and lace covered crotch.
Did you know that your good Captain’s blood work showed that he had two omega parents, obviously his father was not who he thought he was.  Makes for a weak Alpha, if he had not had the serum, he would never have been in a pack, let alone leader of one.
“These need to come off Daisy, will hurt like a bitch, but Hulk not like screaming so you be quiet or have to punish you.”
His assailant is being dealt will never be allowed near my husband again.  Tony is being incredibly brave, dealing with this latest challenge and as you can see is not going to allow it to influence how he should look or behave.”
Tears fell from his eyes once again, he whimpered as the soft music became harsher as the photos showed him changing into a gangly teenager giving the finger and swearing at reporters and film crews as he staggered out of bars and night clubs high on drugs.  Images of him strapped to a medical gurney and loaded into an ambulance for his first rehab stint had him hiding his face with his mitten covered hands, the small electric shock once again had his bladder releasing and then to his horror his bowel cramped before expelling its contents into his diaper.
Steve fucks his omega’s mouth feeling his orgasm barrelling towards completion, with a final thrust he holds his cock deep in his omega’s throat hot ropes of cum working down to join the cum already running through Tony’s system. Some of it leaks out the sides of his mouth dripping down onto his chest sliding across the arc reactor Tony shudders hating the feeling of anything touching it.  He feels his Alpha pull out but is totally unprepared for the final ropes of cum that covers his face and chest.
The eagle on his chest looked as though it was about to rip his heart out at any given moment, the brand on his arm seemed to pale in comparison.  Looking down at his caged cock he started to feel the weight of the metal pulling his cock downward and his restricted balls started to throb with pain feeling as though the heavy ring was cutting all circulation.
Dr Adams motioned for Steve to come join her on the sofas where she had been sitting waiting for her colleague to finish.
Whilst she waited, she studied the milking machine pushed to the side, its inner mechanics laid bare for her to view.  It seemed that the project had come to an abrupt stop, which was a shame as the potential for pain and humiliation was easily recognizable.
“Bitch, not one more sound or I will have your vocal cords frozen, this is just the start of your punishment, how dare you show me up in public by disobeying my direct order not to engage in conversation without my express permission.
“Alpha Steve, he will not stop until he has what he wants, he does not negotiate or care how many lives he destroys.
Tony’s orgasm ripped through him his cock spurting out cum coating his stomach and the shower tiles.  His whole body shook and his limbs turned to jelly if not for his Alpha’s cock still sunk balls deep in his ass and the wrist cuffs he would have collapsed to the floor.
When Tony’s face scrunched with pain as his contractions started up again, Winter moved forward, picking up one of the small blue blankets laying near the edge of the nest.
Lord and Lady Randsworth have been informed and have ordered their solicitors to process the appropriate papers that will cut all familial ties and give me sole right to you as my property and that of any omegas birthed by you, to do with as I please.”
Loki’s fingers pinched and flicked Tony’s clit as he continued to fuck him with deep slow thrusts, the omega’s wanton moans and cries filling the room as his cunt juices squirted over Loki’s fingers.  Withdrawing his cock, he shot his cum in to the omega’s open mouth, making sure to liberally spray his face and breasts as well, he continued to abuse Tony’s engorged clit until the omega was screaming and begging for him to stop.  Loki paid no heed, the copious juices following each forced orgasm showing that the omega was thoroughly enjoying being dominated and tormented.  After coaxing one further orgasm from the now thoroughly exhausted pregnant omega he slid off the nest and after retrieving his robe went to shower, he would let Tony sleep whilst he dressed for this evening’s Gala.
He took his time just rocking in to Tony, caressing his breasts and stomach, he wished he could lick and suck on his plump nipples but had to be content for now, sucking marks along the omega’s shoulders whilst gently pinching them, drawing out soft gasps and moans.
Bruce caught Steve as he came out of the shower after his gym session and convinced him that a deep tissue massage would release the rest of his tension.  Thirty minutes later he was sliding his cock into Steve’s tight virgin hole, as Steve lay lose and relaxed, his body glistened with aromatic oils, and if they contained a relaxant that was mildly addictive of Bruce’s own design, he was not going to mention it to Steve.
Frigga was also the reason that Loki would not be used as a breeding bitch by the Avengers Pack, that was non- negotiable to the extent that even though Thor had agreed she had still unknown to her eldest son, woven an undetectable spell that would ensure that his womb remained free of child. The spell would dissipate when Thor returned to Asgard permanently with Loki, until then he was the dominant omega within the Avengers Pack and could relieve his supressed alpha side by fucking and dominating the delectable little omega breeder Tony Stark.
Now he regretted all his earlier decisions, the Jeans were scratchy against his thighs, the T-shirt to big and left him feeling chilled in the air conditioned limo.  His feet ached with the weight of the trainers as his legs dangled off the seat. A sob escaped as he lost the battle with his bladder and a trickle of pee leaked out the side of his pull-up to stain his jeans.
Tony lost himself in coding for the next couple of hours as the dialysis machine cleansed his blood, oblivious to Steve feeding him further treats as he worked. Steve’s hand gently massaged the ache in his shoulder and neck, sending shivers down his spine as his fingers rubbed against his glands and pressed down on the sensitive nerve bundle on the back of his neck.  He felt warmth and contentment flow through him at the constant touch and attention of his Alpha, basking in the warm glow of Alpha pheromones he accepted without much thought the thumb drive Steve gave him once his treatment had finished and the machine had been removed from his hospital room at the end of the two hours.
“Well I don’t think we need a test to tell us that you are an alpha, like your Papa Winter.”
Winter sank into her fat folds, her greedy cunt swallowing him up, it took him a minute to adjust his stance and balance to consider having no use of his remaining arm.  Feet spread wide he rutted into her cunt, his balls slapping her dripping asshole, he took his pleasure, not caring she was poised on the edge of climaxing, he only cared about knotting her and getting his teeth on her teats.  He roared as his knot caught and his cum flooded her insides, he leaned down and sank his teeth into the meaty flesh of her right tit, only to pull away as his balls exploded in agony.
Steve let out an amused scoff at Tony’s words. He leaned forward, pressed their lips together in a slow, gentle kiss. Tony met it with the same easy enthusiasm, brought his hands up to cradle the blond’s head, ran his fingers through his hair. Steve couldn’t help but hum a little at his touch, at how good it felt.
He fucked his slowly growing knot into his partner, whined and huffed at the slowly increasing drag, the resistance. His knot always got so big, and stayed inflated for a long time, and damn did he have so much
“Sweetest thing in the world,” he sighed.
Natasha got dressed up real nice for it, in her favorite pair of bra and panties, the ones with elegant straps that framed the arc reactor, wrapped around her neck, highlighted the curve of her hips. She was always well dressed (when leaving the house. In her lab or workshop she looked more like a vagrant, her hair a mess and clothes stained with oil or whatever substance she was working with) and that penchant for fashion carried over into the bedroom, when they had time to play around. It always drove Steve that much more wild, seeing her like this. It made him more eager, a little more empty-headed, and she
fucked!”
“Uh, yeah,” Tony replied, sitting up straighter on the couch.
Steve wouldn’t bring it up for a while, not until the fires of Tony’s anger dampened a little more, until they were
“Then I guess you won’t get to cum tonight,” Steve replied with a shrug.
again.
They were on their own,
He expected to have to do some groveling at the border, despite T’challa’s insistence that he was welcome to visit, or even stay, just as Bucky could, but as soon as he and his companions were recognized by the local guards, they were greeted, given food and water and put on a transport ship headed to the capitol, for an audience with the king.
Steve scoffed a little. “I hope that’s a compliment,” he replied, offered the brunet a smile. He gestured for the jacket in Tony’s arms.
Peter started to lose steam pretty quickly after a while, ended up leaning his head against Steve’s shoulder, letting out a yawn as he watched his mother swim around nearby.
Tony took a sip of his juice, set the glass down on the table slowly. “Yeah.”
fondly of Steve again? Steve hoped so.
to remain idle.
For now, he was stuck in bed, with his child at his side, either in his arms, or in the bassinet next to him. He hardly set him down. Every moment Tony spent awake was filled embracing him, feeding him, comforting him while the TV on the wall across from him droned on with random movies or shows. Tony didn’t really focus on them. He couldn’t focus on anything but the tiny face staring back at him, the big brown eyes that blinked up at him as he spoke, told Peter how much he was loved, how much he was cherished, and all of the things that he’d soon discover.
he going to say? How was he going to explain it all to the press? His absence from the public eye the last few months hadn’t gone unnoticed. There were tons of wild theories, ranging from kidnapping to rehab to institutionalization, but none them had hit the nail on the head so far. Tony would have to explain it all eventually, because the world would want to know, was surely watching with bated breath. He wasn’t sure yet, how he was going to break the news.
to improve, wanted to be able to trust Steve, to get closer to him, like they were before all of this.
, which left Steve and Tony alone for the most part, and, unfortunately, left Tony the subject of his ire, the scapegoat for his pent up frustration. Howard would never do or say anything horrible about Tony in Steve’s presence of course, because he didn’t want anyone to know just how shitty of a father he was, but when they were alone, like this morning, anything was fair game.
a teenager,” Tony snapped, and he could feel irritation seep into his bones. Steve matched it.
“Can I—?” Steve asked, slowing his thrusts to a glacial pace, allowing Tony some time to think.
“Steve?”
“You’re so impatient, always trying to get what you want,” Steve chided, but pulled away. He shuffled over on the bed, and reached into the nightstand for the bottle of lube. “You want to take me without prep? I better not hear you complaining when you do.”
“I love you too,” Steve said, and he couldn’t help but let out a soft laugh, relief in his tone. “God, I really, really do.”
Their luck wasn’t enough.
Silence.
Steve laughed a little, timidly, and kind of shrugged. “Yeah, I kind of was. Nobody believed it because I was so small.”
Steve had chosen the right word.
Tony was especially pliant tonight, desperate for it, and Steve loved it. He wanted him, so bad, wanted to claim him, to possess him, body and soul. He would die for Tony, if he had to, but gladly settled for being able to touch him.
“What makes you say that now?” Steve asked, though he had a feeling he knew the answer.
[Please, I know I fucked up, and I’m so damn sorry for it. I can’t even tell you how sorry.]
Tony shrugged. “Don’t know. Green things are more your thing, plants and I don’t mix.”
“Yeah,” Steve replied. “I—he—“ He paused.
“I’m sorry for ruining today,” the soldier said softly, gently stroking his boyfriend’s back.
Tony shrugged a little. “They got me you, so, yes?” He laughed.
Tony took another look at the bags he’d brought in. The trip to the grocery store wasn’t really pleasant today: the store was packed, the customers rude, and his favorite ice cream flavor was sold out, so he may have been a little grumpy now, a little more irritated than he wanted to be. Hell, he’d almost gotten into a fight with this old bird in the produce aisle. She had been a real bitch.
Tony had never called him so late before. He called in the evening, sometimes, when he was bored, and had something to say, or wanted Steve to entertain him, but this was different, and he’d heard it in the brunet’s tone immediately. Steve was a little honored that Tony had called him specifically, even if he didn’t have another choice. He adored Tony, cherished every second together, and was glad to have his trust, his affection.
“Thank you,” Tony sighed, his shoulders dropping in relief. He pressed himself against Steve in a hug.
to tell? Did Tony want anyone at all to know about their Bond Sickness, or the baby? He’d already said he didn’t want the media getting a hold of the news, and Steve doubted T’challa would spread information like that, or Shuri for that matter, but what about anyone else? Was it even Steve’s news to tell? Instinct told him it wasn’t.
,” Tony joked, stared down at his cup. If he looked at Steve right now he thought he’d be blinded by the light, could feel the heat creeping up on his cheeks. “Seriously, it’s good. You really didn’t have to get me anything though. You didn’t have to let me sleep in your bed either. I would have been fine on the couch.”
Steve didn’t understand it, hated it really, that Howard brushed his son off so often, and that Maria was too focused on her own humanitarian efforts to pay consistent attention to him, but at the same time, it was okay. It just meant Tony could belong to Steve more completely.
No response.
He could feel the tears start to spill, but didn’t have the strength to keep them back. Not now. “I need him!”
Tony had done this. Tony had done this
“I expected flowers and balloons.”
Steve bent down, lifted the basket into his arms with ease. “After you,” he said.
“You’re cruel,” the scientist huffed, stretching to pick another two apples. He let them tumble into the basket. It was pretty full now—just a few more to round out the number gathered.
Luckily for him though, he’d caught sight of someone in the crowd with a pretty big umbrella, one that, if Tony was careful about it, may not have noticed him ducking under it too.
it anymore, but a little craziness is nice to have. Museums, festivals, even the occasional gala we’re sucked in to. I think I’d go a little stir crazy without them.”
“You’ll knock his teeth out. You’ve said that a million times,” Tony laughed. “I’d love to see it happen, but I’d rather not use my savings money to bail you out of jail.”
He made a face. Tony had hoped there’d be a lot more apples available before his height would become a problem. The basket was only half full and he didn’t want to stand around awkwardly while Steve did all the work, and claiming another tree felt kind of stupid.
Fuck, he wanted Steve in him. He wanted the blond’s fat cock in him like
Sam regarded him a moment, took in his words while Steve waited, his brows pinched up with worry. Part of Sam wanted to keep him waiting for his answer, because it was kind of nice, the last few days, having the Alpha trying to win his approval back, but Steve had suffered enough. They had
Steve let out a laugh, ducked his head. “You’re one to talk,” he replied. “With your big ol’ doe eyes.”
, it’s just—whatever. I’m walking away now. Sorry,” Tony grimaced.
There were a lot of obstacles to get to this point, and a lot of heartbreak and misfortune, but it was well worth it, honestly, because the reward of watching his baby grow up and having a devoted mate at his side was priceless.
He was so fucking full and stretched and sensitive and overwhelmed and he loved it.
He didn’t stop to look up, to look into Tony’s eyes, because he wasn’t sure he could handle it. He couldn’t handle whatever judgment, whatever disdain was surely present in them now, like there had been upon their last meeting, when Steve had ruined it all. He kept talking.
Rhodey turned at his voice, looked him up and down, and nodded a little. He wasn’t surprised that Tony had started a conversation necessarily, but it did please him that he seemed to be reaching out finally. The last few days had been rough, with Tony being angry at him, pushing him away. Tony may have depended on Rhodey all these years, but Rhodey equally depended on Tony, found comfort and entertainment(albeit a lot of trouble) in his chosen brother. Knowing that Tony was angry with him, that he’d hurt him, hit Rhodey pretty hard, though he hid it well. He’d been prepared for it, knew it would happen when he picked up the phone. He knew it wouldn’t be easy-going when he made that phone call, but didn’t know quite how hard it could really be.
“You’re texting him every day, right?” he asked.
[And what if it doesn’t??? What the fuck am I supposed to do??]
Still, his heart was beating kind of erratically, and as the hours passed, and Steve’s initial sketch turned into something concrete on the canvas, Tony’s willpower was kind of slipping. He knew Steve was in the same boat though, heard it in his voice whenever they talked, saw it in the shake of his hands around his brush.
and accuse me of sabotage when I’m the only fucker on the team who supported the Accords right away?” he snapped.
Tony rolled his eyes, shook his head. “You’re so annoying,” he complained, though it wasn’t serious.
The morning after Steve brings Tony to his apartment, they talk things over and agree to be together, even if it has to stay a secret.
“It was totally unnecessary. You had me from the moment I saw you, really. God, you were such a brat that day.”
“The other one was a little like a clown suit, really. I hate that thing. You’re way better off with this,” the scientist agreed. “Of course, you’ll have to dull the paint on the shield to match, but you probably don’t need my help with that.”
Tony, on the other hand, wondered if he’d ever be lucky enough to feel Steve’s lips against his, to hear a true declaration of love. The things Steve had just done for him, the way he looked at him, the way he
being idle if it meant he had Steve all to himself.  “If I didn’t hate the rain so much, we never would have met,” Tony pointed out, tugging on Steve’s hair a little.
He didn’t think he could take seeing Steve off at HQ, so he would say goodbye now, and spend the rest of the afternoon holed up in his room nursing a drink and watching reruns of his favorite show. That was an okay coping mechanism, right?
The blond withdrew his hand now, looked down at Peter once more. His eyes had drifted closed again, and though he wasn’t asleep yet, he was calm, content.
“Wasn’t begging,” Tony replied, but squeezed his eyes shut. The change in angle was sudden and swift, and made his cock jump, smear pre-cum on his belly.
His fingertips were quaking, but there was assurance, deliberation in the act, and in his eyes. They were dark, and somewhat distant, still wet with tears, but warm, pleading,
. Yes, Tony liked the sound of that. He’d do anything for Steve, take anything for Steve, no matter how hard or how impossible.
“S-Steve?” he said, and turned his eyes to the door.
many times have I said to be careful? This is exactly what I was scared about! T-this is—oh god, what if they’re…
Steve rolled his eyes. “Are you kidding? I couldn’t exactly walk up to you and say ‘You’ve got me all turned around fella, wanna jump behind the curtains and neck it a little while your parents aren’t looking?’”
The scientist couldn’t sleep.
put up with? Please, if anyone’s getting the short end of the stick here it’s—
“Home,” he said softly, and nodded a little. “Let’s go home.”
It was a lovely song, one Steve hadn’t heard before, but there was something soothing about it, familiar about it somehow, and it was definitely romantic, and he couldn’t stand being unable to hold Tony a second longer.
“You’re doing your best. I expected too much, man. Just because you’re Captain America doesn’t mean you’re not just a regular guy like the rest of us. I…got too caught up in it all to realize that, and I’m sorry.”
It didn’t take long for them both to fall into a nap after that.
They didn’t do it all the time. It was kind of a special thing really, because Steve could only handle it every so often, and at the end of the day still preferred fucking to being fucked, and Tasha preferred having his cock in her, filling her so damn deep, especially when he got a little rougher, a little possessive, whispered praises in her ear, gripped her tight as he slid in and out of her wet pussy, rubbed her clit until it was sensitive and warm and she clenched around him and—
him, always hit Steve hard, and before he knew it, he could feel his knot forming.
Tony didn’t think he deserved it. He knew what Steve was doing, that he was saying it all to make him feel better, but he couldn’t deny the way it pleased him to hear those words, the way it tugged at something deep in him that didn’t get nearly enough attention. Part of him was inclined to agree with his shitty father, that he was unworthy of everything, especially Steve’s attention, his gentle care and love, but Tony wanted it, really badly, and he was going to let himself have it.
at the moment, which was why even in the safety of Steve’s grasp, his limbs were stiff with tension, and his eyes were darting back and forth in the dark room, trying to turn arbitrary shapes into sweeping shadows, into enemies.
“You ready for me, big boy?” Natasha crooned, tossing her hair over her shoulder. She grinned, those beautiful plush lips stretched in an elegant curve, painted bright red the way she knew Steve loved.
“Don’t you think I’d rather be at home in bed or out on the golf course right now instead of here?”
, and it was good and perfect and better than he expected when he suggested all of this, when the thought came to mind. Tony may have been kind of a slut in his younger days, but he’d never taken two cocks in the same hole, had always been hesitant about it. He may have been a size queen, but even so he never really pushed his limits, never wanted to.
They didn’t really do things in the dark, liked looking at each other too much for that, but now it was pretty damn dark thanks to the blanket of stormy clouds shrouding the sky, and the lack of sight made the tactile that much more intense. Steve went back to kissing him, pressing his groin against Tony’s. They’d both gone for sweatpants today, and he was happy about it now, about not having to worry about buttons or tight jeans when they got a little more into it and he started to get hard. The feeling of Steve’s erection pressed against him always drove Tony wild, knowing how big Steve was, and how it was Tony who got him hot and bothered, who filled him with desire.
It felt really nice, being out here together. Tony cherished these moments of quiet, without a thousand eyes on him, people questioning him left and right and projects and paperwork and everything else piling up. He cherished moments without pain, without strife, and without suffering.
“Hnn, fuck, I love you,” Tony whined. He gripped a hand around Steve’s wrist, and the soldier’s fingers tightened that much more around his neck, made everything hazy and sweet, left his pleasure ratcheting higher.
Steve’s fingers threaded in Tony’s hair, tugged at his scalp in the way he knew he loved, and the brunet let out a little moan against his skin. Tony’s hands tugged at the waistband of Steve’s swim shorts then, started to pull them down.
Steve took Tony to his apartment, made sure he was safe and comfortable, and lastly, at Tony’s request, Steve kissed him that night. And from there? Well. Steve had a hard time denying Tony anything. At least, he did initially, because, as stated before, Tony was a brat.
upset now. The mission kept dragging on and on, despite the promise of it being short and sweet, and he couldn’t seem to get away no matter how much he wanted to. Now as a result he was almost a whole hour late for their dinner, which Tony had obviously put a lot of work into. The food was definitely cold by now. More importantly, Tony seemed really upset, even though he was trying to hide it.
Steve got the message, with the way Peter leaned forward, and handed the kid to the other Alpha, brushed his hair back. “What do you say half an hour or so and then we head back to the house?” he asked, and bent down to run his hand through the water.
Steve continued with his plan, which was to drown Tony in sensation. He left a trail of kisses down Tony’s neck, let his teeth graze the flesh, and sucked a hickey into his skin, well above his neckline. They were married now; he didn’t care so much if someone saw or guessed what they’d been up to. Tony was his, and if he wanted to claim him, he
Tony hummed a little. He didn’t quite agree with the sentiment, but couldn’t find it in himself to argue. Instead he turned his head, pressed a grateful kiss to Steve’s cheek. Steve turned then too, and their lips met. The kiss started soft, slow, but grew in intensity, and Steve’s hands ran down Tony’s flanks, and Tony’s tugged at his shirt collar, and they kissed until Tony was breathless, until he was a little less keyed-up, sinking easily into Steve’s touch.
“We’ve got a few hours before you go,” he started. “Do you wanna…go on a date?” His heart fluttered at the mere thought.
“Ahh,
Mere seconds later, his baby was being pressed into his arms, and the rest of the world, all of his problems and worries and regrets finally drifted away. He wasn’t clean yet, still covered in some fluids, and his tiny face was pinched in displeasure, and he was crying, but his voice was strong and clear.
Steve nodded a little. He thought about his own neck, and the bond mark there, still inflamed, still painful. The pain in it had abated just a fraction, but not enough to feel comfortable or to touch easily. He hoped that with time it would feel better, but he wasn’t sure.
The soldier couldn’t help but pump his hips a little harder then, and he shut his eyes tight. Usually he could last longer, but he’d been so ready to go for so long that it wouldn’t take much more time at all to reach the peak. “Tony—fuck—“
“Harder, Tasha,
The soldier in question let out another groan of frustration, and Sam and Nat flinched a little.
Steve let out a little sigh, and Tony knew he was shaking his head, could see it in his peripheral vision.
be there to provide it.
“I’m surprised
He also could feel a fluffy pillow beneath him though, soft sheets around him. It was warm, and quiet, and felt kind of nice. The haze of sleep was slow to withdraw, but even so, he was aware this wasn’t his bed. It felt different. It
Peter squirmed softly in his arms then, finally waking up. Tony’s heart jumped. He looked so small, so vulnerable, swaddled and cradled in his arms. Tony lifted a hand to adjust his hat. Peter’s tiny face twisted into somewhat of a frown, and he let out a little unpleasant cough, started fussing.
did he like that. His cock jumped where it was trapped against the bed, and he gripped the blanket beneath him a little tighter.
The pan sizzled and another wave of the sweet aroma of French toast filled the air, and Tony inhaled it gratefully. It made him feel a little better, a little more at ease. He sighed softly, and worked up the courage to break the silence. “So…”
“I know,” Steve replied. He stopped at a tree to his left, braced his hands on his hips and looked it up and down. “This one looks good,” he said.
Tony shook his head. “Come on, it isn’t a big deal,” he said, moving to stand.
He hoped it never would.
“As if you haven’t made a mess too,” he shot back, glancing over Tony’s shoulder to take a look at his cock, peeking out beneath his oversized t-shirt. It was Steve’s shirt too, because the brunet couldn’t help but add insult to injury with all of this, had changed out of his own clothes before they got started. Tony didn’t wear Steve’s clothes often, but when he did, it just made another layer of love unfold in his heart, made something warm and kind of possessive fill him, and Tony knew it. He really never played fair.
“Yes, please honey,” he gasped.
He didn’t think he’d ever be able to put into words just how much Steve meant to him, how much their relationship did. It wasn’t perfect by any means, and he was still terrified that it was swiftly coming to an end, but he really hoped it wasn’t. He really hoped he had a lot more time, all the time in the world, and that the blond would continue to be his. He didn’t know if he could go back to living a life without Steve in it. He thought he’d rather die before that happened.
Steve grinned, shook his head in disbelief. “Baking involves following logic, math, and clean-cut directions,” he said, snagging two more apples, placing them in the basket.
If Tony hadn’t been enchanted by Steve the very moment he laid eyes on him, that would’ve surely been it for him. He couldn’t believe it. Steve had really beat those guys up for him? He’d gone in there, risked his reputation, his integrity, to preserve Tony’s? He’d done that
His lack of response wasn’t good enough for Steve. He leaned forward a little further, and Tony finally turned his head to look into the blond’s eyes. His blue eyes were soft, beautiful, and earnest, and something about them managed to settle Tony a little again, made him relax. His mate’s next words helped more, soothed the aching in his chest.
and still nothing.” Tony’s face was grim, and his words a little rushed.
Steve didn’t have to hesitate to give in, to give up. He didn’t hesitate to take the path of least resistance, like he fought against so many times in his life, like he’d fought against months ago, at the start of all of this. Not anymore.
“Like this,” he agreed, voice soft, barely above a whisper. His hand tightened around Tony’s waist a little.
“Get on the bed properly,” Steve ordered.
when Steve got like that. Tony couldn’t let on how horny it was making him though, so he huffed in irritation instead, and slowly got to his feet. He quirked a brow, waited for Steve to give him another direction.
Tony’s eyes fluttered closed, and he linked his arms around Steve’s neck, engrossed in the kiss, and then he felt one of Steve’s hands leave his thighs. A few seconds later, he felt the blunt tip of the blond’s cock pressing against his hole, and slowly press in.
Well. Tony thought he should just take his damn “short mission” and shove it up his ass. Tony had argued that someone else should go, but the man had insisted on Steve’s specific skill set, and Steve, too kind for his own good, didn’t protest. He was sure he could get the work done quick and be home in time for dinner. That evidently wasn’t the case. Tony was pretty mad about it, if he were honest with himself.
Tony agreed.
The girl at the front desk was young, maybe eighteen or nineteen, the youngest in a long line of family employees. Her excitement was palpable, as well as her disbelief, her eyes wide and the smile fighting its way on to her face when she saw them. It wasn’t every day Captain America and Iron Man walked into your local job, so the hype was understandable. She was too polite to ask it as she rung up their entrance fee, though Steve could sense the words on the tip of her tongue.
Tony thought his heart was breaking. He’d felt that way so many times throughout his life, too many times to count, as long as he could remember, but this time, he well and truly meant it. The phone call, the drafting of the Treatise had been exhausting, had left him with a headache and a raw throat from talking, debating. It left him feeling shame, his pride all but depleted due to the begging, the pleading he had to endure to get any of this to work.
. He’d sat down, made sacrifices, agreed to things Steve
Tony and Steve were alone at the bar now, the guests sufficiently distracted by the live band starting up again after their break. The bartender had left to eat his dinner.
Pepper beamed at him, affection clear in her eyes. “He is,” she agreed. “You did an amazing job, Tony. I’m so proud of you, and so is Rhodey.”
of that.
“That’s only because you’re so short,” Steve countered, rubbing his back affectionately.
God, the
They got lucky.
Natasha checked the integrity of her guns, counted her spare ammunition. She checked the cut on her forehead; it’d stopped bleeding a while ago now.
It was big, about the same size he was, and already wet with lube, ready to be put into use, and damn did Steve want it. His hole clenched reflexively at the mere thought, at the knowledge that his gorgeous wife was about to give him what he wanted, was about to fuck him like he deserved.
“That’s it,” he muttered to himself, scooting his chair back. He’d leave the meal here—Steve would find it, if he cared enough, and he’d find Tony where he usually was: in his workshop.
Tony shuddered, shifted his hips a little on Steve’s lap. He nodded, drew back to tug his t-shirt over his head. He was already feeling warm, a little eager. The way Steve asked the question, almost an order, made something sharp and pleasant flutter within him, made him happy to concede.
“Can you be a good boy, keep from touching yourself?” Steve had asked when Tony’s fingers twitched, inches away from grasping himself.
“That good huh?” he asked, voice a little rough.
let him do it. He’d let Steve do anything to him, regardless of who was watching.
“Sweetheart?”
When Tony pulled back, Steve pressed a soft kiss to his forehead. “I love you too,” he said, finally responding to the brunet’s last spoken words. He could never leave the words unspoken, especially at a time like this, with things so tense. “I’ll always love you. You know that, right?”
There was a beat of silence, and Tony looked down at the ground, scuffed his shoe against the floor. “So you’re leaving in a few hours, right?” he asked.
Was this the best course of action? Should he do this? He knew Tony was a little drunk, but he wasn’t saying this just because of the alcohol, was he? If it were drunkenness that spurred this on, he’d be more insistent, more care-free and silly. Tony spoke with pleading, with
Tony shuddered a little in his grasp, his hand snaking up Steve’s back, underneath his shirt, caressing his warm skin. Steve didn’t do the hickey thing often; he always got shy about it, about marking Tony up where their friends could see it, but they were alone now, and Tony had tomorrow off too, so there wouldn’t be anyone around to tease him about it.
“Fuck, fuck, faster, just—ah—“
“You ready for me?” Tony said softly, his touch feather-light around the soldier’s shaft. He let his hand slide up, thumbed at the slit, already a little damp, sticky with pre-cum.
“You’re okay now, Tony. I’ve got you,” he soothed when Tony buried his face in the soldier’s chest again, and Tony managed to believe it. They stood there a minute or two, Tony’s breathing harsh and his fingers tight around Steve’s shirt, and Steve kept giving him assurances, until he was calm, at least for a moment.
He regarded him with fond eyes, couldn’t help but feel a little fluttery and pleased on top of his embarrassment, his guilt from everything that had happened.
His old classmate, the one who’d invited him, hardly had a greeting to spare him before disappearing into the crowd, and Tony hadn’t seen him again the whole night. He’d learned to make friends at parties though, when he was younger, or at least, he tried, and he did the same tonight, with disastrous results.
Vision nodded softly, as if on board with the idea. “It might be difficult to find any trace of them, now that the Quinjet has been destroyed. Unless they obtain new personal devices, I’m afraid my search capabilities are no more useful Mr. Stark’s search algorithm.”
He didn’t know how he hadn’t already, with how long they’d been at this, but he managed, long enough to get through the under painting and slapping down base colors on this newest piece.
Tony knew he’d been a blubbering mess last night, a big fucking baby really. He knew how pathetic he’d looked and sounded when Steve picked him up, all because of three assholes at a party he shouldn’t have gone to in the first place. Tony’s stupidity had caused problems for himself once again, and problems for Steve now too, and that made him feel a lot shittier than the alcohol had, and than his headache did now. He didn’t know how Steve had kept it together, how he’d tolerated Tony like that, and all of the drama that came with him.
When he woke up, his first thought was that something was wrong. He felt—empty. It was stupid to say and think, but after carrying his baby inside for nine months, the sudden absence was jarring, and it took a second to realize what had happened, where he was. Everything was hazy, and he’d definitely been medicated, but even so he could feel the dull throb between his legs, the ache.
Tony and Rhodey said their goodbyes to Vision, and wished him luck.
I may eventually add the morning after in another chapter, but for right now, I'm leaving it like this.
Steve sat up slowly, rubbed his eyes and brushed back his hair. He regarded them fondly before standing up, leaning over to capture Tony’s lips in a kiss. It was just a short kiss, a greeting really, but was enough to leave them both smiling.
“It’d make everything so much easier,” Tony protested, hiding his face in the crook of his arm.
Tony didn’t have the energy for pleasantries. “What’s the problem?” he asked instead, brow creased with worry.
But maybe he
. It just wasn’t working. It felt like he wasn’t getting anywhere, like he wasn’t making any progress. He let out a frustrated groan; the pressure in his pelvis was intense.
Steve hadn’t been in the villa when Howard called Tony into his office, shoving a rather expensive bill in the brunet’s face. Tony had been…a little adventurous in his spending, in preparation of his next inventor’s endeavor, and his father was clearly less than supportive. The stock numbers had been falling lately, and there seemed to be a lull in production on Howard’s part, and he clearly couldn’t stomach any more disappointments, was getting overwhelmed, and it depleted his already tiny reserve of patience that much further. He drank more, not just at the parties he was hosting, but pretty much all the time, and he was always in a foul mood, his lips twisted in a tight, unpleasant line, his brows furrowed.
Tony pursed his lips, watched his retreating figure.
Steve had been on his way to the hospital. He and the other members of his barbershop quartet gave weekly performances there for the old folks. His mom used to work there, but she died two years prior. Steve kept up the tradition in her honor, and he liked making people happy. Weekdays he worked as an adjunct art professor, but weekends were for his singing.
Steve pulled his hips back, pushed forward again in tandem with the dildo, fucking into his partner until their hips met. The squelch of lube gave him a sick thrill.
Steve gave Tony an encouraging smile, and headed to the door, while Tony stood in silence and tried not to let the miserable feeling spreading in his chest show on his face. Steve was out the door before he knew it.
“Oh my god…” Tony sighed, his voice wavering. He’d never felt love so strongly, so keenly, all in an instant. All of the pain, and the suffering and the fear were worth it, for this single moment.
“You’re one to talk,” Steve sighed, shifting forward a little. “Now relax.”
Naturally, Steve cut him off by swallowing him down almost to the root, enveloping his cock in wet, intense heat.
, overshadowing any other sense of thought, of being. Last night he felt like he’d seen Tony for the very first time again, felt drawn to him by something he couldn’t describe, something he couldn’t ever deny.  He’d already earned a kiss. He’d be damned if he was too much of a coward to try and earn more, get a little closer. Caution could be blown away with the wind.
. “I’ll have to wait and see.”
“Fuck,” he sighed, brushed his lips against the soldier’s once more, eager for another kiss, even though he was a little breathless, and his headache was starting to take center stage again. There was something about being with Steve specifically that felt more visceral, more intense and amazing and almost overwhelming, and
Tony here, the odds weren’t good. The crash was rough. He still had a headache and a sore neck from the impact. The firefight leading up to it wasn’t much better.
Tony kind of hated it. He always got embarrassed about it at first, complained about the mess, until he really got into it, and didn’t care anymore, didn’t care about anything but the feeling of Steve’s body against him,
That much was true. The longer he was awake, the more aware he was of the exhaustion he felt, the continuation of the fever of Bond Sickness, on top of the pain from, well, birthing a child.
? He didn’t think so, and neither did everyone else. They placed the blame all on him (but it wasn’t just him who did it! Bruce did it too! Ultron was the combination of both of their intellects. He belonged to both of them!) which wasn’t all too surprising, but didn’t make anything easier.
It was a little like lifting a sack of flower. He was practically deadweight. Tony got like that too when he slept, all loose-limbed like a rag doll. It was kind of funny. Apparently he’d passed that trait along, like Steve had passed on his loud sneezes and his hatred of ginger.
want him. He wanted him so,
“Holy shit, I’m sorry!” Tony had said immediately, brown eyes wide, staring up at Steve, and they swept up and down the blond’s form in a way that made Steve feel empty-headed.
good, but the small, serene smile on Steve’s lips, the way his hands wrapped around Tony, stroked his side lovingly was even better. Tony scooped up a little piece of pie from his plate, fed it to his partner before giving himself another mouthful.
belonged to this baby.
God, he felt like shit.
“Well, let’s hope it’s in working order,” Rhodey sighed. He paused, eyes scanning over the holographic data in front of them once more. “If it isn’t, we should consider calling Vision back in. Hell, we should call him back in in general. He and Wanda need to know what happened, if they don’t already. Ross will be wanting to hear from him. He’ll probably want him on the search squad.”
With that, he left the room, and the Compound too.
“What is it?” he asked, breathlessly.
There was a little pause on the other end of the line, and it made him nervous.
“Lead the way, Captain,” he said, nodding towards the rows of trees ahead of them.
Nothing.
Steve smiled a little at that. He let out an amused exhale.
He finally brought the idea up after the last mission, where Steve got tossed across the street a good twenty feet, and rolled and skidded along the asphalt like he was a rock being skipped on a lake.
He looked into his partner’s eyes, stared at their intense blue, and the tiny specs of green hidden throughout that he’d memorized by now, like he’d memorized the different ways that Steve said his name.
“I love you too,” Steve replied, the words practically whispered against his ear.
They walked around the gift shop a little. There wasn’t anything too interesting; Tony supposed all gift shops were the same, filled with postcards, little books, stuffed animals, and mugs. It was cute enough though, and he could tell the owners put in time with a few custom pieces like signs or paintings. They even had custom-made Adirondack chairs available. Tony ended up picking a little fridge magnet; they had plenty of room on theirs, and already had too many coffee mugs to count in the house. They also bought a jug of apple cider to take home, and of course, left a massive tip for the young woman working at the front desk.
Tony got an elbow under himself, sat up a little to give the blond another kiss. “
, who had been so scared of letting Steve get close in the first place, who had been convinced that it’d be more trouble than it was worth.
Tony couldn’t deny that his ego positively
“Always,” he replied.
minded him making a mess on her. She fucked the soldier slowly through the aftershocks of his orgasm, praised him, stroked his thighs softly.
“What’s his name?” Bucky asked. The Alpha hadn’t mentioned it so far.
At least he had Steve himself. The conversation they’d just had put him a little more at ease than before too, and he was thankful for it.
Steve let out a content little sigh when Tony hummed in approval, and his hands moved up to rest on the brunet’s waist.
“That much is clear,” Shuri piped up at her brother’s side, looking them all over. “You look terrible.”
The brunet lifted himself up by his elbows, sunk his teeth into Steve’s shoulder in retaliation. It could barely be counted as a bite, just the slightest impression of his teeth, and he followed it up with a kiss, and then another to Steve’s neck, and then his jaw.
“Uh—“ was all he managed, stuck in a feedback loop that ran from Tony’s rain-drenched curls to his gorgeous eyes and his mouth and back around.
Tony did without complaint. Funny how he could always listen, always behave, when they were in bed. It was fucking frustrating that he was so defiant in other cases.
, please—!”
“Touch yourself for me then, sweetheart, l-let me see you cum,” Steve replied, his words a little rushed, and damn, he wanted Tony to hurry up, to cum first, because he was already so close himself, could feel his balls drawing up tight.
Tony thought his head was gonna explode.
They’d taken shelter in the forest for now, got as far away from the jet as possible, and were trying to avoid detection, to recover themselves and to plan their next move. Nat had a nasty gash on her forehead, and one of Sam’s wings was badly singed. The carbon fiber was partially melted, and it wasn’t really in flying condition anymore. They were all covered in dirt and ash, with scratches and bruises to boot from the hard landing. Steve had a few burns on his forearm and hands to contend with too.
He wasn’t doing such a good job forgetting now, since he’d  called the blond—who was now on his way,
He pulled out the compass he kept on his belt, checked for a heading. They needed to head southward. The others waited silently, and if he didn’t know any better, with bated breath. The journey ahead would be difficult, possibly the most difficult journey they’d ever faced, but it had to be taken. They had to make it to Wakanda.
, or the things you’ve done.”
Steve was watching him with fond eyes and amusement in his smile, and Tony found himself tucking his chin down, his face feeling a little warmer at the look. “I’m doing it again, aren’t I?” he asked.
“I love you,” he muttered, pinching the bridge of his nose, rubbing his eyes to stop them from tearing up.
“I definitely prefer you,” Steve insisted. He placed a kiss on Tony’s forehead. “Your eyes.”
“At least I’ve got you all to myself now,” Tony murmured, cupped Steve’s cheek.
“You really think Tony would do something like that?” Rhodey interjected, looking annoyed. He let out the smallest inclination of a growl, protective of his friend.
Well, the rejections had been worse so far. Steve wasn’t deterred. [I’m sorry, couldn’t resist. What do you want to do?]
The effect was instantaneous, after waiting so long, letting the anticipation build and build.
be hot.”
“His name is Peter,” Tony said softly, glimpsing Steve’s awestruck expression from the corner of his eye. He was familiar with that feeling, had felt it himself a mere day ago, and continued to feel it in small doses as the hours passed. He wasn’t sure he’d ever get used to how it felt, seeing Peter, being able to hold him.
at one point, to truly laugh. For those few seconds, the pain in his neck seemed infinitesimal. But apparently, it wasn’t enough.
Tony let out a sigh of relief, felt overwhelmed all over again, but in a good way for once. He struggled to sit up, to lean over the bed. He wanted to hold him.
“How’s that, sweetheart? Knot you good?” he muttered.
A small, dark part of him wanted his fantasy to be real though, to actually do all of that. He wanted to belong to Steve in any way possible, which really spoke to just how high in regard Tony held him, because he knew who he was, and he knew his self worth, and he would only offer himself entirely to someone truly amazing: someone like Steve.
This meeting was going well, all things considered, but Tony didn’t feel any better about any of it. He only felt more nervous, more sure that the jaws were going to close around them, that none of this would end well. He’d been given an ultimatum now too, which he would have to deal with. He wasn’t looking forward to that.
. He could feel his cock-head dribbling a little, and Steve licked away his pre-cum, took him deeper in his mouth, worked up and down the shaft at a pace that was half agonizing and half incredible.
Steve regarded him for a second, and then a wide, playful grin grew on his face. “I do. Milkshakes and burgers.
The brunet got a little comfier on the bed. “Quick nap, then shower and get ready for tonight?” he asked, stifling a yawn.
He wasn’t going to drive Tony quite so crazy today; it always took a lot out of him, being pushed to that point, and they still had plans later. The soft gasps, the slow-building moans he was pulling out of the scientist were plenty for Steve now.
“I know. I’ve thought about all of those things too,” he said softly. “That’s why I didn’t say anything either. And plus, retired or not, you’re
Steve’s heart fluttered. He loved Tony so much, but once in a while he said or did something that made Steve fall that much more, made him that much more devoted to giving Tony everything he could. “I don’t deserve you,” he replied. “Nobody does.”
“I like it because it’s part of you. And, big surprise, I like you,” Steve said, and his tone was light, but earnest, and it soothed Tony’s worry a little.
“Good,” Steve replied, taking a long breath himself to clear his head.
He didn’t care so much about the burns. He didn’t care so much about the sketchbook that had burned to ashes as the fire spread on the jet. He didn’t care about the small suitcase of clothes he’d gathered in his time on the run, or the extra weapons in the small cargo hold, or anything else on the jet either for that matter.
Tony knew what he was getting at, could see the request in his eyes. Steve’s libido had always been hard to keep up with, and now that he was happy and basking in the glow of their newlywed status, it seemed to only have intensified.
“’Get on the bed,’” Tony said mockingly, but kicked off his shoes—he wasn’t an animal—and climbed on his bed. It was pretty high up, conveniently the
He got another text. [Clean up finally finished, be there in 10. I promise.]
They took a second, just to really look at each other, to let it all sink in. They had a lot to be thankful for, and hoped never to take it for granted. Eventually they broke eye contact and Tony smiled a little, slipped his glasses back on and looked at their basket.
Tony’s brain shorted out. Steve—Steve liked
He thought about what it’d be like to have a big group of friends, not just one friend who was halfway across the world right now, pursuing his own dream, and having to rely on letters and one phone call every month to catch up. He thought about what it’d be like to sit in a little local hot spot, relaxing, talking, laughing for hours and feeling okay, and asking “Same time next week?” and doing it all over again for the rest of his life, making it a tradition, a habit, that wasn’t destructive or ended up with somebody or other getting hurt. He thought about what it’d be like to have a connection like that, a life like that.
