No wonder Stark chose to be moved there - he couldn't just settle for a regular room like everyone else – had to have the best, fanciest commodities while everyone else was given less than adequate treatment. Sometimes he couldn't really tell if the man's behavior was endearing or plain spoiled and thus annoying as hell, this time it was very much the second option – getting to be treated in the hospital after a large disaster was a privilege, and Tony was milking his to the last drop.
Pepper smiled. "I don't care how much it cost, Tony should be as comfortable and relaxed as possible and we absolutely can afford it."
Steve turned to look at Bruce with a raised eyebrow. "Do we at least know how… who? Was there… was there a rape kit? Did they get anything?" He asked patiently, searching Bruce's eyes for clues to the answer. Not that he'd care if they accused him. What happened was not rape, it was not assault. It definitely wasn't violent – he wasn't trying to hurt Tony, not any more than he'd already been hurt. Steve loved him, after all.
His fist clenched as he fought down the green, monstrous rage bubbling in his gut. It would do no one, especially not Tony, any good if he were to lose his temper. It would be absolutely devastating, in fact.
"Have you talked to Steve?" she asked Sam, keeping her voice casual. She hoped that he did, that she and Rhodes and Tony were all wrong about a person she worked with and placed her faith in, purely on the virtue of his story and imagery. She hoped he was on his way, just as worried about Tony as everyone else, just as eager to bring him back home safe.
The next day, Steve can feel his confidence wavering when he meets Tony’s gaze again. Anxiety creeps up the back of his neck. He sighs in frustration.
“And I am going to get even more hate mail from your jealous fans.” Tony jokes with mocked melancholy. Steve scrunches his nose unhappily, which is totally adorable in his eyes.
Hearing Tony’s voice coming through the Bluetooth automatically calms Steve’s nerves down. His shoulders visibly relaxes as he drops his suitcase onto the hotel room floor.
“Of course. Thank you for saying all this to me.” Tony expects Steve to be more or less a little disappointed in his response, but instead the man only smiles and holds his hand tighter. There is a sense of overall serenity in his demeanor.
“Well, it seems like we are having Mr. Stark here with us today!” The event moderator announces cheerfully. “It is so wonderful to see you, Mr. Stark!”
“It’s……it’s fine.” Tony swallows the lump in his throat. Steve learned to help him with his panic attacks after the events of New York. It happened multiple times while they were dating. Tony hated letting Steve see that side of him, but Steve always told him he didn’t mind, he was just glad to be able to help. They haven’t seen each other in two years, and Steve slips right back into old habits without skipping a beat. “Thank you.” He mumbles. Steve didn’t have to do that, but he did. Tried his best to make him feel better.
“Will you be taking on a more active role in Stark Industries now that you are no longer part of the Avengers?”
After his involvement in Project Rebrith, Steve got used to being the subject of awe and admiration. As soon as he introduces himself as Captain America, most people immediately recognize his leadership and assume they have to follow his words. This excludes Tony. From the first time they’ve met, Tony has constantly challenged him and his worldview, pushing him outside his sphere of thinking. While it can be frustrating at times, he is truly grateful for it. He is self aware enough to know that he doesn’t always know the answer for every dilemma, and Tony brings him new perspectives to consider. Steve didn’t know how much he missed it until he didn’t have Tony with him anymore.
“I am so sorry, Mr. Stark……” Peter’s voice is barely audible. He is already on the verge of tears. “I am really really sorry about what happened.”
He has an urge to turn around and tell the audience, but that’s information yet to be disclosed to the public at the moment. They are trying to keep their relationship on a low profile for now.
He can somehow manage the sleep deprivation part with more coffee, but it is the parts he can’t control that he hates.
“Tony.” Steve’s expression is pained and troubled, and Tony wants to wipe that look off his face. He doesn’t want Steve to remember him as a useless, crying mess. “I have those dreams too.” Steve says and Tony feels like his heart is put on pause. The blond sits down on end of his bed, careful to give him enough space. “You can talk to me, I mean, only if you want to.” He adds hastily, suddenly looking out of place again. Anxious.
“Very much so.” It is a strange sense of desire, to let the world know just how much he loves Tony, that Tony is taken and they are very happy together. To make sure people know Tony is
It was right after they had defeated Thanos. Steve and Tony both exhausted themselves beyond their limits, and Tony had suffered a particularly harsh blow to the head by the Mad Titan that knocked him to the ground. Steve could feel his body screaming in pain, his mind barely remaining conscious, yet he still couldn’t stop worrying for Tony.
“Of course. I……I am here for you, Tony.” Steve says ever so reluctantly, probably sensing the irony with his own words. Tony remains silent, doesn’t want to purposefully give him a hard time.
“Not at all. I am not that tired. I took a nap earlier.” Roger answers, almost a little too eager. He checks himself and drops his head. “I would be happy to. But only if you are okay with it.”
“Steve.” Tony chokes out, his gaze darting away to avoid letting Steve see the tears brimming in his eyes. He should have been wearing his sunglasses. Tony Stark might be narcissistic but he is not lacking in empathy. After the mess in Siberia, he also spent a great deal of time reflecting on what happened. He was angry, yes. But maybe it was easier to stay angry when you don’t see that person anymore. It was easier to be angry at Steve when the future of the universe wasn’t at stake and Steve wasn’t making every attempt at showing him how much he still cares about Tony. And now, with Steve kneeling in front of him, confessing his love, Tony questions if he would be able to convince himself for any longer that he hasn’t already forgiven Steve long ago.
Tony puts his hand over Steve’s chest. “Before that, I did promise to do many dirty things to you. So. Let’s do that first, then our dinner at 8:30, then we go on our vacation away from the press.”
“A date.” Steve pauses, a warm smile spreading across his face, “I got it. Promise.” The future is waiting for them. If he gets the chance to live his life after the war with Tony, there is no way he is going to mess this up again.
“I am right here, cupcake.” Tony smiles affectionately at the man above him. Steve usually gets a little needy whenever he is away for any period of time. “Not going anywhere.”
He still hasn’t said his apology to Tony yet, sensing last night wasn’t a good time. Tony was in a panic attack, his logic pushed to the side by his guilt. Steve just wanted to help him feel better. He can tell Tony hasn’t been resting properly ever since he was released from medic.
“I think he lost it for a moment there. He thought you were dead.” Natasha shakes her head. “He thought he was too late.”
“No, I am coming home to get dinner with you.” He would have stayed if Tony were here. Now he is the one getting mad about the board meeting. “Make a dinner reservation at that Italian restaurant you like. I’ll get on your private jet as soon as I am done over here.”
Till this day, Tony still makes fun of the circumstances of his proposal. Steve doesn’t deny it was a rushed decision, but one he knows he will never regret.
“You got it.” Steve chuckles as Tony blows a kiss at him on screen. “Alright, I really need to get ready and read up on these documents so I know what the fuck I am talking about for that meeting. Love you.”
“Shut up. Shut up about that because it’s not going to happen, you big idiot.” Tony kisses Steve hard on the mouth to stop him from saying the rest of the sentence. He doesn’t want to admit that is one of his deepest fears, to lose Steve in tomorrow’s battle. Because of everything that happened since he came back from space, he doesn’t think he would want a future without Steve, either. “Both of us are staying alive. You can’t die on me, Rogers. We are going to fix the world and then……then we can talk about all our unsolved issues.” He lets out a shaky sigh, lips curving into an uncertain smile. “I haven’t……told you I have forgiven you yet. So you better stay alive, so you can hear it from me, got it? This isn’t over yet. I want you to take me on a date, and I want a whole apology dinner from you. I am talking about homemade dinner Rogers, you owe me that much after making me wait for two years.”
A coward. That’s what he is. It’s been days since Tony has been rescued and just about everyone had their alone time with him. Everyone except Steve Rogers, the one who owes him the most. He knows he needs to talk to Tony. He also knows Tony is expecting him. He can feel the gaze on him whenever he is in the room with him. After all that happened, the last thing he should do is make Tony wait any longer. But everytime he approaches him, his resolve immediately start to crumble under those brown eyes. It’s not like he doesn’t know what to say to Tony, but he is not ready to be shut off by Tony if it goes wrong. To be rejected, to be watched with eyes devoid of warm emotions that were once there. It would be too much, even though he knows he deserves it.
Steve blushes. Tony doesn’t hold back on his attraction to Steve, ever. “You like what you are looking at?” He teases lightly.
“Alright, sexy.” Tony giggles and Steve swears it is the most adorable sound in the world. He would give anything to let Tony laugh so carefreely like that every day, being drunk on pure happiness. “But I am going to make a 8:30 reservation, because you are getting me all hot and bothered right now and I am totally taking off all your clothes the second you are back.”
is the first thing that came to his mind when he opens his eyes and sees the angry tears in Pepper’s eyes. The subsequent slap in the face more or less confirms his hypothesis. It barely stings because no matter how furious Pepper is at him, she never wants to hurt him. Even though he does deserve it.
He loathes the sound of his own voice when he wakes up screaming. It’s too loud, and he doesn’t want the others to find out. But he would see the same scene over and over in front of him, the moment everyone but him and Nebula faded away. His heartbeat won’t calm down, and he can’t stop reaching, into the air, for nothing, just like that day when he tried to save Peter, and he turned into dust in his hands.
happy before. Perhaps it is because he really hasn’t been. Tony spent his whole life dealing with various forms of trauma, and now that they have saved the universe and decided to retire from their role as superheroes, this might as well be the first time Tony Stark is living for himself.
Being with Tony……is a lot. But one thing that is never absent from their relationship is passion. They fight because they are both so passionate about their beliefs, but they share a common goal: to make the world a better and safer place. For what it is worth, Steve has always feel honored to be standing beside Iron Man. Tony is like a fire, and he burns hot. For Steve, who thought he would have died surrounded by freezing ice and water, it almost seems like fate that he fell for Tony.
“Don’t be, I also said some unkind things to you.” He shakes his head. “I think we all wish we could have handled it differently.”
Steve wonders if he has already missed the window of opportunity to apologize to Tony, because each day they are faced with more pressure and urgency than the previous. Plans are falling into place like puzzle pieces, the biggest operation they have ever carried out since the assembly of the avengers. They will lead the assault on Thanos and retrieve the infinity stones. They have one shot to make everything right again.
He knows. He is the worst. But why does it matter? The person that used to be the most proud of him is now gone. So he can let himself be a disappointment if he wants to.
Steve holds Tony’s hand and presses a kiss on his knuckles, his lips lingering over his ring finger.
“I won’t speak on his behalf because you deserve an apology from him directly too. If you would have that.” Natasha continues, “He wouldn’t let you go, when we first found you. Kept on holding you and won’t let anyone else get close.”
“Damn it, Steve Rogers……” Tony is sure that he is full on sobbing now. He doesn't know what to do, because part of him has always believed that Steve hated him for trying to kill his best friend, that Steve will never look at him with love again, and now Steve is reciting his love for Tony straight from his soul. He pounds on Steve’s chest lightly, clutching onto his t shirt like his life depends on it. “Damn you……this is not fair……you had all this time to think about this and I am……I am not prepared at all.” Steve’s words reminds Tony of the best hot cocoa he has ever tasted in winter, melting into his heart and making him feel warm and full on the inside. It is everything he has always wanted to hear from Steve, every word is saturated with love Steve holds for him.
Having a tangible goal seems to bring a sense of purpose back to the avengers. He sees Clint looking at pictures of his family in silence. Nat spends all her time at the gym training. Banner locks himself inside of his lab for days on end to broaden his knowledge on the infinity stones. Thor stares at the horizon with a grave look on his face, undoubtedly thinking of his people of Asgard and the brother he lost.
“You did a wonderful job at the press conference, darling.” Tony places a kiss on Steve’s cheek, his arms wrapping around the super soldier comfortably. “I am so proud of you.”
he had said. Even when he was plagued by insomnia and panic attacks after going through a wormhole, having Steve by his side made everything worth it. The Battle of New York was the first time Steve warmed up to him, and it was the start of something significant to Tony. So he embraced the pain that followed him around. The presence of Steve made him feel grounded. Tony was never shy about showing Steve just how much he was worth to him, and all Steve did was trample all over his dreams and leaving his heart empty. He saw the plea in Tony’s eyes at the airport back in Germany. Walking away from all this was one of the hardest thing he had ever done. Away from Tony, away from their joined future together. He loves him so much.
“I thought I was going to die. He was going to finish me. But then Strange told him to spare me and he’ll give him the stone. I should have stopped him right there. Told him not to bother.” Tony’s brows knit in anguish. “He took the stone and left. You know the rest.”
“He missed you, Tony. Even when we were……away.” Natasha smiles sadly as she gets up from the chair. “Will you let him talk to you?”
When it comes to the press conference, yes, Steve is confident and is equipped with plenty of leadership experience by now, but he has to say this is hardly his arena. He feels like he can be of the most use in the debriefing room, going over strategies and battle tactics, and the press conference is anything but that. The event is held mainly for the purpose of sending off the team’s leaders, Iron Man and Captain America, and inquiring their future endeavors. Steve isn’t a fan of being in the spotlight at all. It is indisputable that Tony is a natural at this, although it is mostly due to the fact that he is born as the heir to Stark Industries and had no choice but to adopt this public persona in order to survive in this competitive field.
“Not quite. Ms. Potts is still going to be CEO and I don’t plan on taking a bigger part in managing the company. I am fairly interested in expanding our role in the clean energy movement. Now that I get more time to myself, I think I will be doing more of the engineering and designing aspect of things. There are more ways to help the world other than superheroing. Last question? Gentleman with the green notepad. Yes, you. Make it good.”
Tony puts a framed photo of him and Steve on the nightstand by his bed, along with Steve's engagement ring. It is the picture Natasha took of them on the day Steve proposed to him. It captures the brightest smile he has ever seen on Steve Rogers' face. This is how he wants to remember Steve. He never takes off his own ring. He remains unmarried.
Holding onto the blanket and breathing in Tony’s scent, he closes his eyes and savors this moment. Like a cat lying beneath a ray of sunlight, Steve feels warm and content.
Steve can’t be any happier with that arrangement. “Sounds good, babe.” The remaining words are swallowed by Tony’s feverish kiss.
He doesn’t realize his face is wet until the Peter pats his back gently. He rubs the tears dry hastily.
“Because I was a coward, and I couldn’t bring myself to remind you of what I did, as if you would ever forget about something like that.” Steve sighs. “I know this is overdue, but I would like to say it. Just……just in case I don’t get the chance later.” That last sentence shut off all the protests Tony had in mind. He nods, not trusting himself with words.
“Just letting you know, I won’t be good company tonight.” Tony shrugs. “If you want to abandon your nice king sized bed for this, by all means go for it.”
He can’t remember the last time he talked to anybody. Ever since the funeral, he hasn't even left his house once.  It is better this way, because he can’t bare to see the cheerful smiles and happy tears on other people’s faces right now. Jealousy is an ugly emotion, but who can blame him? After all, they exchanged Steve’s life for this. Steve’s life for the lives of billions of people on Earth, even more if you are taking the entire universe into consideration. Mathematically, it is a no brainer. According to utilitarianism, there is no doubt they made the right choice.
He can’t watch TV anymore, because the news just cannot stop reporting on the avengers’ fight for one second. He can’t sit here and listen to some random news reporter talk about Captain America like they had known him all his life. They know nothing about him.
“Tony! Tony! Are you okay?” He crawled towards Tony, his heart rate racing out of control. This was like an reenactment of the Battle of New York, only this time their relationship had grown so much stronger, so much more intimate, and Steve really couldn’t handle it if he were to lose Tony. “Tony? Please!” He grabbed Iron Man’s face plate, revealing Tony looking at him blearily, eyes slightly unfocused.
Steve. Tony finally calls him Steve. It feels like a dream. Lingering shock wraps itself around his organs, settling in his heart. He missed hearing his name from Tony’s lips. Not Cap, not Rogers, just Steve. He can’t help but to hold Tony closer to him endearingly.
“Wouldn’t have been able to do it without you. Thank you for coming to my rescue.” Tony’s little segment puts everyone in a good mood and the overall atmosphere was a lot more relaxed. It also calmed Steve’s nerves down a lot. He was able to answer all the questions confidently and nailed his first public conference. “Did your meeting go alright? You cut down on your little study session to come help me.”
“You know what the worst part was? Peter……the kid, knew it was coming. He could feel it, and he was so scared.” Tony sniffles, covering his eyes with the palm of his hand. “I wanted to make it stop so bad, I wish I can take his place. But I couldn’t do anything. I just held him. The next second, he was gone.”
The moment he set eyes on Tony, eyes shut tightly closed with an oxygen mask over his face, Steve felt like crying again. He lost so much weight, dark circles under his eyes prominent. He had seen Tony going through rough spots before, but this was worse than anything that happened before. If it wasn’t for the rise and fall of his chest indicating he was still breathing, his appearance would almost seen like he was gone. Steve had seen enough dead bodies in his lifetime to know. Tony was strong, always strong, and he always got back up. This looked like something that could have been permanent. It scared Steve.
He waits on the balcony. Peter has such a terrible look of guilt on his face, which is quite indicative to Tony that he heard of his last conversation with Steve involving him. They shouldn’t have told him.
He keeps himself busy the entire day, making sure everyone’s weapons and equipment are in perfect shape. Anxiety hangs high in the air, and most of the team decide to head to bed early. Tony knows he should follow suit, but he already knows he won’t be able to get much sleep in. There is too much on his mind.
Steve couldn’t help squirming. He could still feel the egg moving through him. While not painful, it was an odd sensation. He tried to relax his abdominal muscles, and once he did, the sense of strangeness gave way into a more pleasant sense of fullness. Steve groaned as he loosened up a bit more and just let himself feel the slow movement of that fullness in his gut.
,” he cried out as he came one last time, the creature’s legs milking his cock even more. He threw his head back, writhing in ecstasy as the pleasure reached higher and higher. His mind was a fractured mess of sensation and thoughts of Tony.
True to his word, Steve takes things slow. Considering how big he is, though, Tony can feel the drag against every last inch of his inner walls. Before long, the only sounds in the room are the distant crackling of the fire and Steve’s heavy breathing.
“So here’s the deal,” Tony said softly to him as he continued to run a soothing hand over Steve’s abdomen. “We can get the nanites out of you the easy way or the fun way.”
Steve huffs out an annoyed breath that takes form as a white cloud in front of his face. Encased in the armor, Tony almost forgot they were somewhere very cold. Maybe that’s why his back’s gone numb.
Still, Steve can’t ignore the lingering sense of disappointment hanging over him. He had spent weeks preparing for this when he’d heard he’d made it to the final round. Bucky helped him drill interview questions until he could recite answers in his sleep. Getting a job at Stark Industries would be a dream come true—he’d be able to make rent far more reliably, and help his buddy Bucky out…
He glances over to the dull red glow of the fireplace. Even with the fire dying down, Tony feels toasty and comfortable. He brings his other hand down to run over the swell of his abdomen and groans with pleasure. He feels so warm and full, safe and taken care of despite the fact that they’re in a cabin in god knows nowhere.
Steve goes quiet all of a sudden. He stands up and turns to look out the window. When he turns back to face Tony, he has that look on his face that he always gets right before he does something really dangerous on a mission.
Steve smiles to himself. “And so impatient, too.” He lines himself up and pushes in slowly before Tony can complain further.
Tony loved to tease Steve about his inexhaustible libido. Even after everything Dr. Erskine had explained to him about the effects of the super soldier serum, Steve had never considered that “peak of human perfection” would also apply to his sex life. He supposed there might be an evolutionary advantage to having almost no refractory period. But on an actual individual level, it was a goddamned pain to deal with. His hand alone was never enough to satisfy him. After waking up from the ice, one of his favorite things about the future was the sheer variety of sex toys available and all of the discreet ways to purchase them. And even then vibrating dildos only did so much for him.
For a second, Steve’s confused. And then the meaning of Tony’s words hit him. “Are you seriously asking me out?”
“Try to get comfortable. I’ll make sure not to touch your back or anything.” Steve settles behind him on the mattress.
. The guy’s shirt is clearly a size too small, and Tony isn’t sure how much longer those checkered sleeves can contain those biceps.
Sighing, Steve finally uncurls and starts to sit up. He still can’t bring himself to look Bucky in the eye, though. Instead, he focuses on the crappy wallpaper on the opposite wall. “I know I can, Buck. It’s just… this is really goddamned stupid, okay?”
look very American,” Tony said with a smirk, his eyes drifting down toward Steve’s biceps. “100% American beef,” he added.
“Okay, champ. This is going to be fairly simple.” Tony considered his words for a moment. “At least, in theory. All you have to do is push and they’ll come out. They’ll keep a shape that’ll move fairly easily, but will still take some work to push out.”
Tony was one to always follow up on his promises, especially in bed, so Steve did his best to obey as he got used to the feeling of the gel in his ass. A few more moments passed before that gel gave way to something
The position gives him a view of the elevator’s other occupant. Some dude in an expensive-looking suit staring down at his equally expensive-looking phone. Not really a surprising sight, considering where he is, but there’s something about the guy that draws the eye. He’s kind of cute, too. Steve can hear Bucky’s voice in his head, teasing him about how he’s got a thing for clean-cut brunettes with a commanding presence. Feeling nervous all of a sudden, Steve turns his attention to the elevator’s display counting down the floors.
Steve gasped and arched against Tony as he came hard between them. Tony only lasted a few more second before he reached his own climax. The way Steve’s muscles contracted around his cock felt mind-meltingly good as he rode out his aftershocks shallowly fucking Steve...
Tony stepped back. “Pretty much.” He turned toward a holographic screen that Steve hadn’t noticed until now. “On my count, in 3… 2… 1…”
Steve could feel his face heating up at Tony’s casual mention of all of that. At this point, he was used to it enough that it could be called ‘the usual’ without much exaggeration. “Sure. Just… let me know when you need me to.”
“As tempting as it is to just sink down on that nice, big cock of yours, I’ve got this all planned out. So just bear with me for a bit more, okay?”
He didn’t know what he expected, but what he found himself looking at definitely wasn’t it. There was something shiny—a black coloring that gave off a purple reflection in the low light—coiled up against the side of the cabinet. It was shaped like a perfect spiral, and Steve wasn’t quite sure just what he was looking at.
That did get Steve thinking, though. He hadn’t seen Tony since the whole incident transpired, and he was starting to feel uneasy. JARVIS had simply told him that he was busy with work for SI, but the way that Tony had shut himself up in the lab for over 24 hours now without checking on Steve was odd, even for him.
The creature’s body wrapped around Steve’s torso lifted slowly, revealing Steve’s huge, hard cock—just as Tony remembered it. It was flushed red as copious amounts of precome ran from the tip, down to his balls.
good.” Tony slips a hand down to run a hand along Steve’s cock. “Bet I’m not the only one feeling good.”
“S’fine, Tony,” he said as he smiled up at the end of the creature still rubbing against his cheek. “S’good. So, so
As always, Natasha used her agility and her smaller size to her advantage while Steve relied on his strength and reflexes. Sparring with Natasha was always a good workout because of the way she knew how to use his strength and bigger size against him. They were even, now; he’d pinned Natasha twice and she’d gotten him one more time. At the moment, they were circling each other, each waiting for the other to move.
“Out the door, down the hall, and the elevators will be on your right,” the receptionist explains patiently.
By the time Steve is up to three fingers, Tony is genuinely enjoying himself. His back pain has receded into the background a bit; replaced by a simmering undercurrent of pleasure under Tony’s skin. He’s thankful that he’s lying on his front because he’s already half hard.
“Steve…” He reached out toward his face with a gauntleted hand before stopping to pull it back. Tony turned away from him. “Okay, Stark, get a goddamned grip. No need to get creepy about this.” So what if he’d seen Steve naked and in the throes of ecstacy for ten minutes? These things happened. And he was an adult. He wouldn’t make things awkward for Steve. The man hadn’t been in his right mind, and Tony intended to make it clear that he absolutely was not judging him for anything that had transpired.
"We couldn't reach you- Tony is missing, someone took him from his hospital bed." He said, hand tightening on Steve's shoulder in camaraderie. "It's a whole mess. The team is torn apart, Rhodes still thinks you did it, nothing we said reached him. I…" he looked at Steve with soft eyes, "I am so sorry, but I have to ask, Steve…"
true, Steve conceded to himself, yet couldn't find it himself to feel bad about it. It seemed like the right thing to do, at the time. Tony just needed to see his perspective, understand why. "I did… it would have been the merciful path to take. I am so sorry I couldn't do it… I love you, I want us to have another opportunity…"
He didn't open his eyes, not planning to fall into another nightmare featuring his friend as the maniacal rapist. He couldn't let his mind play any more games on him, had to find out what was going on but more importantly at that moment – had to get away from the touch of one Steve Rogers.
Tony shuddered under Steve's hands, bits of what he thought belonged in a nightmare flooding his mind. The pain was excruciating – he was buried under an entire building; if not for his armor he'd be dead, and nothing was in the right place.
His patience for such nonsense was long gone. "Cut the crap, Rushman." He said, mockingly using the name she used to infiltrate his company years before. It was all that was needed for her eyes to soften, and for her arms to envelope him in a loose, hesitant hug. He sighed. "Not too tight… I'm still not… not whole." He murmured.
Bruce flinched at the reaction and hurried to get a syringe to give Tony some relief, if not put him back to sleep. Steve watched his every move in a most predatory manner and it made him a little anxious despite himself, seeing how Steve squinted his eyes when Bruce injected Tony with the meds, it made him think of an animal protecting territory.
that you won't even let people help you." Tony winced, only his free hand supported him against the wall as he took a step backward. "That's what I am trying to do, Tony! I was helping you. And you hate me for that? You cannot possibly be that arrogant, that selfish?"
There was none of that attitude present in his slumped form as they walked slowly through the street towards the hospital, Rhodes carrying a kit-bag filled with Tony's own clothes, snacks, and gadgets while Sam was… not very sure why he offered to join the trip to the hospital.
"Hey, buddy." Tony's smile was of the same kind and was soon gone. "I can't believe Pepper had to see me like this again." He sighed, "couldn't this wait until my face stopped looking like mashed potatoes?"
The nurse who said the last line smiled warmly and winked at him, exposing Tony's embarrassment at the kind words, she was cleaning him before another nurse was changing his sheets, all was done efficiently and gently, and Tony was tempted to ask if they could receive tips for their great service.
Tony’s voice cuts through the wall built up from old memories and Steve’s self-hatred like knife through butter. As he always does, Tony puts together an articulate answer without even skipping a beat.
“Um, if it is not too personal.” The young reporter starts hesitantly, giving Steve a glance before continuing. “Mr. Stark, after the incident with the Accords, was it difficult for the Avengers to work as a team again? Are you and Captain America on good terms now?”
“You should talk to him.” There is something that is left unsaid in her tone. They all know odds are stacked against them for going against the most powerful being in the universe. It may be a one way ticket. Steve wouldn’t want to leave behind any regrets.
He can never stop thinking about what an incredible person Tony is. He is so many things at once, and each of these unique qualities complement each other so spectacularly. He is intelligent, far more intelligent than Steve can ever comprehend. He is hardworking; Steve has never seen anyone worked harder than Tony when he is in his workshop, perfecting whatever project he has on his list. He is kind. Beneath all that sarcasm and ego, Steve knows Tony isn’t as narcissistic as he makes himself out to be. He knows Tony is more than capable of observing his own flaws. Heck, Tony is probably the biggest critic of himself, and that says a lot considering he is among one of the most famous and controversial people on the planet.
“It was all working so well, but after Thanos broke loose, I knew it was over. We couldn’t keep up. He stabbed me with my own blade, I thought that was going to be the end of me.”
Tony doesn’t talk about the nightmares, how he hardly sleeps. To be fair, he doesn’t think anyone is getting much sleep these days, and he is sure he is not the only one with nightmares.
A soft knock on the door. Tony lifts his head, not shocked to find a certain supersoldier smiling at him by his door. “Figured you might have trouble sleeping tonight.” He says. “Mind if I join?”
He officially retires from being Iron Man. It hurts too much, because every part of being Iron Man reminds him of Steve. It is how they met, after all.
He can’t ignore the pain in Steve’s eyes. He returned home to a different Steve Rogers, subtle differences in his demeanor that Tony easily picks up on. He sees Steve’s shoulders stiffen every time Tony brings his attention to him. He even stumbles over his words sometimes when he is replying to Tony. It’s like every moment he is silently waiting for Tony to push him away and close the door on his face.
“I am sorry about Barnes too.” He says quietly. He heard about how it happened from Natasha. Must have been hard for Steve. It’s the second time he had to watch his best friend go.
He hears this over and over again and he has an urge to spit in the person’s face every time. This isn’t fair. He shouldn’t have to trade his Steve for everyone’s sake. He hates this world. He hates the pitying look people throw at him. His hatred for Thanos runs so deep that he wishes he can kill him again a million times over. He hates himself because he should have grabbed the gauntlet and taken the spot before Steve could get a hold of it. He is an idiot and he regrets every bit of it.
Now that he thinks about it, he feels terrible for Tony. While he got to leave everything behind and went on with his own missions, Tony was left behind dealing with the mess he caused. The media must have tried to eat him alive back then too. Steve clenches his fist silently, growing angry at himself again.
Once he is given the green light, he throws himself back to work. It almost feels like the old times, except they are all a little more broken. And it hurts a lot more, because everyday he is reminded of how it all started out with the six of them, how their future seemed limitless at the time.
He is drinking his weight in whiskey. And vodka. And gin. He is tired of feeling everything. FRIDAY would have called an ambulance for him but he gets rid of her too. He does feel bad because she sounds so disappointed in him when he is shutting her her down. Great. He even manages to piss off his own AI.
And that was the moment when he realized that nothing else in his life was more valuable to the man in his arms. As they make their journey return, Steve paid no heed to the stars they passed by. The existence of Tony Stark glowed brighter than a billion stars in the galaxy combined.
And today, with half of the universe’s population gone, that doesn’t seem like the priority anymore. It still hurts, but he won’t let this personal conflict get in the way of their mission. He can’t fix this by himself. So he tries to be kind to Steve, if it is what it takes to bring everyone back.
“I am sorry for letting you down. Betrayed your trust.” Her eyes are downcast, “We should have done things differently.”
His head hurts like crazy, and his mouth is still too dry to speak, but his mind is thankfully still functional. He stares at the small crowd of people sitting around him in disbelief, feeling his throat getting tighter while his eyes well up. So he isn’t too dehydrated to cry anymore. That’s a nice change.
“Mr. Stark, are you permanently retiring from your role of Iron Man? Will there be someone else to take over?”
“Alright. Feel free to go……at anytime. You don’t have to stay the whole night.” Tony scratches the back of his head, shifting his body to lie back on the bed again while Steve pulls the chair closer to the bed. “Night, Cap.”
“Ah yes. I imagine a lot of people wondered about this. What went down with the Accords was a difficult time for our team as a whole. We had our differences, but when it comes down to it, saving the world is without a doubt more important. We do work well together as a team, so no, it wasn’t difficult. We were more concerned about saving the universe.” A smile appears on Tony’s face. “As with our favorite Captain……time for a bit of a fun fact?” A collective “Yes!” is heard. Steve blinks a few times, both confused and curious about Tony’s revelation about him.
“No. I blame my stupid, self-sacrificing fiance.” Tony lights up a cigarette and breathes in, exhaling the smoke.  His lips curves into a humorless smile.
Standing a bit farther from everyone else is Steve, watching Tony interact with the rest of the team quietly with guilt lingering on his face. Tony has an idea of what is going through Steve’s mind right now, since the man has never been the best at concealing his emotions. They lock eyes for a moment, unspeakable tension and anxiety fill the air before Tony starts to cough. Rhodey immediately hands him a glass of water, which he gratefully accepts. “Tony, you should rest. I know you want to catch up with everybody, but your body is still recovering.” He urges. “Get some sleep. We aren’t going anywhere without you.”
“Sorry kid, I am terrible at keeping people company now because I just can’t stop talking about my dead fiance.” He jokes knowing it’s not funny at all, even by his standards.
“But I can’t just sit here—” He protests. When he is met with nothing but disapproving frowns, he sighs and curls his fingers into a fist. “I……I lost the kid.” He stares into the floor, voice trembling slightly before it returns back to steady. “I need to do something. I have to.”
He joins Natasha at the gym, not wanting to bother Tony and burden him any further. She gives him the same disapproving look him every time he tells her he still hasn’t talked to Tony.
In an hour, Steve will be escorted to his first press conference following the events of the past few months. After successfully defeating Thanos and restoring the universe’s population, the original six Avengers are finally ready to move on to the next chapter of their lives. Banner wants to do more research on his own, perhaps aiming towards his eighth PhD. Thor is returning to his people and leading the future of the new Asgard. Clint is going home to his children and wife, and Natasha is taking a vacation for herself. She is most likely still going to hang around shield and will be taking a mission or two here or there, but even the Black Widow needs a break after fighting against someone with six infinity stones.
Tony’s heart skips a beat. “Why now?” He forces himself to remain calm, but he can’t stop his mind from going ten million different directions. He clenches his hands to stop them from shaking.
“Yes. Yes please.” He answered desperately. He needed to see Tony, to ensure that he was safe with his own eyes. Natasha gave him a pat on the back encouragingly. “Go. Spend some time with him.”
“I will always defend you.” Steve smiles. “I would say, go for it with the announcement. I don’t want to hide our relationship anymore.”
Pain has became an universal language in this post apocalyptic world. There isn’t one person standing here who hasn’t lost someone dear to them in the decimation. His mind is loud, constantly, and all he wants to do is to put on his suit and blast off into the sky, into space. He wants to find the mad titan, and he would squeeze the last bit of air from his lungs with his own hands. How dare he. How dare he do this. How dare he take away the kid. Tears sometimes fill his eyes for no apparent reason at all, but he hides them from the rest of the crew. He puts on a brave face, because he is Iron man.
Steve hesitates. “Of course we will follow through with the plan, getting the stones back is paramount, but if it comes down to choosing between me and you, it’s a no brainer, Tony……”
“I don’t know. We got distracted. Anyway, the point is—” Steve was so glad his muscles didn’t give up on him while he got on one knee right in front of Tony. It would had been so embarrassing if he fell face first on the dirt. “I’ll get you a ring, I promise. I don’t want to wait anymore. Tony Stark, I love you, will you marry me?” He knew this was unplanned, and ridiculous, but his brain was chanting
Thank you for everyone who read this fic!! I am sure endgame is going to make me cry so here is some fluff to act as buffer before the movie comes out. This is my first time writing mcu/stevetony and I am sure it won't be the last, I already have ideas on something more angsty for my next piece. I had a lot of fun writing this and I hope you enjoyed it too! If anyone wants to talk about stevetony, you can find me on twitter @liza_mcu!
He feels restless. Even though he can barely stand on his own without assistance, his brain is still telling him to get up and start strategizing at this very moment. “I need to—I need to get to my office. I can activate Friday again and we can brainstorm some ideas—”
“It wasn’t your fault, kid.” Tony tells him. He won’t put this blame on Peter, ever. The kid already has enough to deal with. He doesn’t need this kind of guilt on his conscious. “He did it to save everyone, not just you. You had no control over any of this.”
“Tony!” Pepper is the first one to throw her arms around him. He feels like his heart might burst with joy. Pepper. She is still alive. “Ms. Potts.” He whispers weakly, giving her a poor attempt at a hug.
Steve has always knew about Tony’s self flagellation tendencies, and it breaks his heart to hear him crying out at night pleading to be taken by the decimation instead of the kid from Queens. There is no doubt that Tony truly believes he doesn’t deserve to live.
“Absolutely. Now I wish I were there with you even more. Ugh, Pep. She owes me dinner for this.” Tony is leaning on the palm of his hand, grinning wide. “You look good in that suit, my color, huh? You like it, hot stuff?” Steve looks ridiculously handsome in the red suit. It makes Tony feel giddy and proud to see him in his signature color.
It doesn’t feel like the right choice to Tony. Not when he has to wake up in their bed alone. Not when he has to come home to a house still full of Steve’s belonging every day. Not when he cries in the middle of the night and there won’t be anyone rushing in to comfort him anymore.
He carried him back to the avenger’s new spaceship and held him tightly against his chest. Tony’s skin was cold, and that was wrong. He wanted nothing but to give him his own warmth, his blood, his soul and his life if he could. He couldn’t accept it if he were to lose Tony. He couldn’t accept it if he were too late. For Tony to have survive the decimation only to die alone in space, away from his friends and loved ones, would be far too cruel.
“Good.” Tony is smiling back too, he rests his head on Steve’s shoulder while the taller man wipes the tears off his face and kisses him in the most passionate way possible. He closes his eyes and returns the kiss, letting the joy sink deeply into his heart, not wanting to ever forget about this moment.
It’s a painting. A painting of Iron Man and Captain America fighting side by side. Steve painted this during his time as an international war criminal as a coping mechanism for his breakup with Tony. He really wasn’t doing well after Siberia. He felt so much regret for hurting Tony and leaving him alone in the cold, but he knew Tony wasn’t ready to have him back in his life. So he started this painting in his free time when he wasn’t busy punching remaining members of Hydra. He drew the outlines of Iron Man and Captain America thinking about what he would say to Tony if he would ever talk to him again. He sketched their expressions reminiscing how good it felt to have Tony by his side. He painted the colors of their suit wishing he could hold Tony in his arms one more time. He channeled all his love for Tony into this one painting, and mailed it to him a few months after Siberia. He didn’t get an answer from Tony at all, and he dejectedly thought the painting must have ended up in the dumpster. It wasn’t until when he returned to the compound and went inside Tony’s bedroom room (once, their shared room) that he saw the painting hung up on the wall. That was during the time when Tony was still floating somewhere in space, barely surviving on minimal food and water. Steve had thought Tony died in the decimation, and he burst into tears upon seeing his art on Tony’s wall.
He really wishes Tony were here. Or he could have cancelled this conference and rescheduled another day where they are both available, but he would have felt bad for screwing up the logistics of things so here he is. Steve takes a deep breath, making a mental note to remember his smile—
“Where……am I.” He slurs. God he feels awful, physically and mentally. He feels like he might be sick. His instinct is to get away from here as fast as possible but he is stopped by a strong arm pushing him back on the bed.
A shiver went through him, an urge to answer as sardonically as he was capable of boiling in the pit of his stomach as a stronger urge to lower his head and take the verbal abuse quietly took over instead. He let Steve get closer, trying to ignore the increased trembling and remind himself where he was and why. He wasn't defenseless, he didn't have to suffer through this, not again.
Tony recalled the mortified look on Bruce's face at his words, the calculation the man's mind was running as he attempted to come up with a scenario that would explain this – and hallucinations were the solution he finally was given. It sparked an argument between Bruce and Rhodey – who listened in on the conversation and did not want to believe Tony, yet did anyway. The conversation was heated and nearly sent Tony into another anxiety attack when the arguments began to rely more and more on his mental capacities after being assaulted – derailing his own train of thought into a path of thinking he was not particularly fond of-of him truly being insane. That lead to him well-nigh screaming that he
"yeah, from his friends. I'm barely even a teammate." What a nervous wreck. Hard to believe the man was one of the most gifted banterers of the group.
friend. She had no doubt that despite his stony expression and steady stance, James Rhodes at that moment had rage coursing through his veins instead of blood. She put her hand on his tense shoulder and swallowed down the words of encouragement she had almost spewed automatically to get the uncomfortable feelings out of the way. Rhodes needed answers, not pity and empty condolences.
And Tony, having been fed the idea that what happened was not what had always been the only possible outcome of their eventual relationship, came up with a horrible, distorted memory. He had to disillusion him, make him see. He couldn't do it where Tony would get distracted and kept away from him. It was the only way, the only thing that mattered.
Jarvis didn't answer him, Tony knew it was because he was being such an idiot that even a computer could tell, and maybe even be a bit mad about it, it made him both proud and annoyed that his creations could judge him like this, like the rest of the world did.
"I know, babe… Come on, we'll take care of your face and then I have another surprise for you." His body went limp as Steve got him to stand up, one of his hands still against his chest while the other supported his back. The feeling of fear that Tony had experienced from the moment he woke up in the facility after being taken from the hospital all through each day and night he spent there, seemingly unending, had then started drumming in the back of his head. Steve was now effectively controlling every aspect of his life – and Tony couldn't say no. he could do nothing that conflicted with what Steve envisioned. It's been days and his willpower for resisting and fighting was draining with every decision Steve had taken away from him. Saying 'no' to anything Steve decided should be done seemed like too much of an effort for which the only return was pain and condemnation.
"Steve... god, man, you know I hate this, right? I trust you and it's been a tough time, especially for you. We are all anxious and worried about what happened to Stark but some people are taking it too far." he said then, "So just… You didn't do it, right? It wasn't you."
His breathing slowed from frantic to nearly non-existent, thoughts of dark caves and pain and fear bubbled up, then slowly faded; his mind clouding as eerie sounds of  whales singing and calling to each other in deep and far away waters started seeping in and filling up his mind instead. He wanted to scream as the darkness and loneliness became overbearing, but no sound left his lips . He wanted to answer the calling, he wanted to-
An ultimately useless attempt. Wide-eyed and desperate, Tony clawed at the board, trying to find his grip again, but failing when  a second tug pulled him away from it, forcing him fully below the surface of the water, kicking and flailing his arms and trying to keep breathing where it was impossible to do so. No suit to salvage him from the situation, no familiar British voice to calmly break down the numbers or offer comfort in the face of the void.
was making Steve burn inside in the best and worst ways – the desire to dominate him until he rolled over and showed his vulnerability until he let go of the insecurity and control issues and just conceded to receive the help Steve was giving...
"Sam." He didn't answer, he was too tired to listen to any more of this, too tired to handle the phantom feeling of touch on his arm again as they asked him once more about his encounter or with the guilt that came with it all.
"St-Steve…" the name eventually rolled out on his numb tongue, though choked and barely audible made the Captain freeze for a moment and meet Tony's eyes. Bloodshot and blown up so desperate for reassurance, for Captain America to help him – tell him it was going to be alright… and let him die. Let him rest.
Without saying a thing right then, he fired up his jetpack and spread the EXO-7 wings and left the Avengers standing in the street, each in their own form of struggle against the part of them that couldn't accept it completely.
Tony bit down the words he wanted to say, instead blinking the tears away from his eyes, "Ok, Steve… I… I'm sorry."
"Life signs found," relief washed over him and he hastened his steps at once, falling to his knees besides Tony's body, "However, extremely feint, breathing is erratic and heart rate is too fast, might be heading for failure." The AI paused, "Sir requires extensive emergency care as soon as possible, Colonel."
Tony hoped, a tiny bit, that it took him more than just a week to be broken down, that he wasn't so weak and susceptible to Steve's manipulation and dominance that he accepted it so soon. He hoped – and hated that he did, that the Avengers had given up, that Rhodey had given up. That they would not find him hugged tightly against Steve's chest, not fighting, begging for whatever relief he could get from the burning pain in his chest.
He thanked Pepper, who looked at him with concern as he swept through, continuously talking about the innovation of SI and the future of the company before announcing his return and introducing him with a breakable smile. Tony hugged her as they switched places – a long, warm hug, leaving no place for doubt about their status as close friends.
If after this chapter you find yourself in need of some fluff and comfort, please give my other fics a chance ;)
There was no sound, so no one knew what was said when the man in the video leaned over Tony's unconscious form, if anything at all. They all turned their heads when he went further, revolted by the grotesque scene of the attacker claiming his prize.
"Don't worry, Tony…" he heard Steve by his ear, "Don't worry, baby… I know it hurts but you are strong. Made of Iron." Steve's hand trailed a path across Tony's chest as he tensed at the words, unsure if Steve knew of their meaning to him. The light touch on his skin was nothing compared to how the resurfacing memories made him feel small and brittle. Steve then told him quietly of his childhood, how he coped with his sickness with no machines, no miracle medicine until the serum came along. He coped because he had to, didn't have the privilege Tony had all of his life with excellent health care and the best hospitals.
Someone of Tony's caliber of strength had no chance of even going through the wood plating. Not when he was healthy, certainly not when he was still recovering from several surgeries and was barely able to breathe well enough to walk around.
He didn't recognize him at first. He knew it was him, there wasn't anyone else it could have been, and Jarvis confirmed it. They were wrong, he was… he was wrong, when the doubt reared its ugly head and crawled around in his mind, he'd been wrong, and just a little bit right as well - to trust in the sheer stubbornness of Tony Stark.
Tony whimpered softly when Steve finally pulled away his fingers, there was a slight pink tinge on them, and Steve thought that might be telling of internal bleeding from the man's crash. Then he noticed the tears running down his team-mate's face. "Oh, baby… Tony…" he let his hand brush against Tony's bruised cheek, wiping away the blood and tears as he leaned in, he knew kissing Tony while the man could barely breath was really not such a good idea if he hoped to still be able to save him… but he… didn't, actually. He wanted to, wished he could ignore the sight right in front of his eyes and believe that it was salvageable. Tony used to joke that Steve was a helpless optimist, that he'd believe in a good ending and a better way no matter how grim the odds actually were – but that was false. Steve couldn't see a future where he could get his Tony back the way he was before. The thought made him freeze for a mere second before he joined his lips with Tony's. He wished the man he was kissing would not survive, that he would die.
On the phone screen, a similar myriad of words appeared, along with what looked like a message from Tony himself.
He got up, strapping the shield to its place on his arm and heavily turned to look at his team-mates, former, if the weapons trained on him and the looks they gave him were any indication. He really wished it wouldn't come to that, it really didn't have to.
It was the shout that finally woke Tony up. His heart was pounding within his chest, and the intake of air he took caused him to burst into a fit of coughing. His throat felt too dry, and his chest hurt again, but otherwise he felt warm and comfortable in the nest of blankets and pillows Steve apparently made for him. Considering how he was woken up, and what had happened before he lost consciousness, Tony felt rather calm, almost tranquil. It didn't really matter what happened from here on. Steve was probably going to forgive him, or kill him… it really seemed like the same thing to him at this point, with death being the slightly better option, perhaps.
He only stopped threatening her when Tony shook his head at him, telling him this was not worth the effort.
He got up and left him there- exaggerating his coughing and dry heaving to make Steve believe him - to instead go to the kitchen. His chest felt constricted as he contemplated his options again. He couldn't take Tony back to the hospital, giving him any sort of machinery would result in a successful escape – because it was Tony, and he would figure it out. it would be disastrous for both of them. Steve would not be able to live with himself if Tony died out there alone. However, he couldn't leave him like this, either.
"That will not be necessary, Mr. Wilson. The Colonel asked me to inform you that he will be making his own way back to the city. Please report to the quinjet immediately." The AI's voice cut off after those words, leaving the team looking at each other miserably.
Bruce flinched uncomfortably and Thor moved to his front as if to shield him from Rhodes' scrutiny. "your words are unnecessarily hostile, my friend." He said, "We are all looking for a satisfactory explanation-"
Tony watched them leaving. Then, he collapsed, his trembling legs no longer strong enough to carry him. The floor was peppered with bits of broken glass, and the air smelling scorched and slightly like Steve.
"You can't keep him detained any longer. This is an undebatable fact." The tower's conference room had not seen light nor a decent cleaning for some months. But it was not that fact that made the air in it dense and almost unbreathable, rather, it was the heavy and disturbing presence of General Ross and his henchmen, who stood by his sides like sentinel golems. Natasha stood, her lean against the glass of the giant window stiff and her recently de-casted arm tucked securely behind her back, she closed her eyes as he mentioned lawyers, courts, the constitution and the people's needs one after the other, as if any of that changed anything about what happened, about what Steve has done or what he deserved for it. "It's been three months, your team is no longer a reliable force of protection against threats since most of your best fighters are gone doing who knows what, and one of them you keep in a cell!" Ross fumed, his face turning red as he exchanged meaningful looks with one of his minions, who nodded and left the room, "We have Hydra and the Ten Rings messing with delicate operations around the world. Iron man and Iron Patriot dropped off the map, the Avengers can't function on the merit of three light-weight fighters and one unreliable monster and no leadership whatsoever! We need Captain America to come back."
He recalled, just barely, the sound of Jarvis' voice coming from outside the room – warning a stranger of getting too close to the door while being unauthorized to do so. Kids who came to visit the ward had made it a past time to mess with the empty suit, check its limits. Jarvis was good enough at distinguishing that sort of behavior from actual threats to his creator and could alert him if it was something serious. The AI did no such thing – but now, as Tony lay on the cold wooden floor and fought back sleep, he found himself wondering if that was because there was no danger or because the suit was simply disabled before it was possible to convey the message.
Tony shut off his StarkPad and set it aside, pulling the sheet above his head so he could just barely hear Bruce gentle, soft voice anymore until it was gone, and everything else was gone too. His eyes burned – maybe he was crying; it seemed appropriate for how alone and helpless he felt.
The Hulk and Thor took the brunt of it, both seemed more than determined to destroy every piece of weaponry they could get their hands on, and were quite successful in that endeavor, too. Natasha thought she could imagine Tony's face if he saw the two of them ripping through his defense systems so seamlessly, without a hitch, only once or twice struggling to shake off a stubborn missile, which would be then intercepted by the war machine armor. It was a mixture of horror and amusement and concealed pride in his friends.
"Tony!" Rhodey hurried to his side, and he quickly realized the urgency was due to the tears streaming down his face when the first whimper left his lips, followed by a chain of wails as Rhodey hugged him close to his chest again, warm and comforting and there, ready to protect him through everything.
"No." Tony answered, walking towards the elevator. Its door opened immediately. "No. I am going to the workshop. It's ok."
But not now. Not as he was held, helpless and hurting against his team-mate, a person he considered a friend on some caliber, who had betrayed him in such a spectacular way that it made the cracks too deep to cover and hide and hope for them to mend before anyone noticed. No, now that Steve got his hands on him, creating some sorry imitation of a romantic scene depicting them curled together, sleeping or resting from a long day and relishing the quiet and serenity that should have come with it, Tony couldn't seem to lie to himself good enough.
He knew Tony and Banner were close and spent plenty of time talking and understanding the scientific talk Steve could ever only grasp at bits of - researching for context only when it was too late to interject into a conversation, they spent time together in the lab, referred to each other with exclusive nicknames…
They separated when Tony gasped for breath, his eyes opening too wide and too suddenly as he turned and coughed, his healthy hand rushing to his neck. Perhaps signaling to Steve that his limit was reached, but still not wanting to use his words. Between remorse and a silent treatment - it started to look more and more like the second option but Steve was willing to grant Tony the benefit of the doubt after sharing such an intimate moment.
But then Tony said his name again, and he was straining his neck to find Steve's gaze, and the spark of brilliance was still there. It wasn't lost yet. Tony was not dead yet. He could still have him, for the first and last time. Steve never got to say goodbye to the people he lost. He was never able to get closure with Bucky, and Peggy, the Howling Commandos…or Howard… with Tony he still had that option. He could make their final moments together meaningful
Bruce looked at him, worry in the lines creasing his face as he laid Tony back down on the bed before he checked the machinery to see that his friend was getting all he needed. His breath was still erratic, still not giving him enough oxygen. Stress was evident in the way Tony tensed at every stray touch, and that didn't go away even after Steve finally left the room.
"Whatever anyone else says, whatever shitty lies they tell themselves to justify that asshole," Rhodey breathed in heavily, his face cast in a mask of restrained rage but his hand gently stroking through Tony's hair. "I believe you. I will find proof and make him confess what he did and then I will crush his fucking head with War Machine's boot, or your Hulk-buster, maybe. I will keep you safe."
After a sleepless night of rescue and cleanup duty, the team - minus Tony and Natasha, who was indisposed as well, was debriefed on the events of the previous day, at the end of which Bruce got up to update them on their teammate's health.
Rhodey got up, his shoulders shivering and his jaw locked in a glower. He walked towards Tony slowly, anger visibly boiling under his skin. "Do you want that? Do you want him to take you again?" his voice was low and repressed, trying not to be a shout and halfway failing. "Fucking tell me now, so I won't have to put in more time of my life into saving your white, idiotic ass. I can't-"
"That's not efficient if you close down every single one I open!" Bruce hit the table with his fist, feeling the strain of the hulk fighting to come out and tear the thing apart through his body, and once again – suppressed it.
One nurse smiled at him and said that was good, it meant his head was not badly hurt and was already healing the damage. He would be back to his fancy parties and inventions soon enough, he would be back being a superhero and a role model for their kids, soon enough.
?" said one pundit, his flat face and sweaty complexion caused a sense of revulsion in Tony, as he set his jaw in annoyance.
Thirty seconds left on his count when Steve kissed his lips, pushing hard for more. Twenty-five when his hands cupped and fondled the underside of Tony's thighs as his clothes were shed and his body lifted for easier access, ten seconds as his own hand, spread flat against Steve's chest and powerless to push him away was turning warm, and finally – five seconds as a beam of light erupted from that same hand, throwing Steve across the room, where he crashed against a glass screen and shattered it.
be dead; I didn't notice the tone of his words…" Bruce supplied, his eyes red and sunken and tired after days of the hulked out state of rage with no sleep, "And… God, oh god… I let him stay there with him, alone… I…" he left the room abruptly, and minutes later they all winced at the sound of a roar and glass breaking.
Pepper kept quiet for a moment. “Did you have a fight with Captain Rogers?” she asked, her voice gaining a softer quality – almost apologetic, and definitely pitying. “is that why… do you need me to come over? Don’t say no.”
And lastly, he would tell him that any harm that finally came to Tony could have been avoided, had the Avengers simply left them alone.
Hey guys! Sorry for the delay. I went on a short and unexpected vacation in Berlin (Which was really awesome but also so COLD I almost gone to sleep just to wake up 70 years later.)
The hospital room is a mess. Rhodey stood there for what seemed like hours, looking at the ruined medical equipment, broken bed and the bits of metal, jaggedly torn, dented in the form of fists. The armors, all three of them, were scattered around the room in the same way. Scorch marks tainted the once cream-colored walls…  and the window was broken. it was a mess – violent, inhuman. And all through him, Rhodey knew – it was all done by Steve Grant Rogers.
"Tony, it's okay… It's not your fault, I'm not angry. It's okay." He whispered, trying as he could to sound comforting and calm. He climbed the bed to get his arms wrapped around Tony's midsection and as he pulled him in he could smell the strong stench of piss on him, and reprimanded himself for not thinking about letting the man go to the bathroom when he first got there. Now it was too late. He let Tony's limp head rest against his chest and stroked his damp hair, whispering encouragement and promises to take better care of him, to get him back to his normal state so they can go back and be happy, have another opportunity. He knew Tony wanted that – normalcy- again, just as much as he did, he wanted to go back to what was before, what could have been.
Rhodey needs to get all the spotlight tbh. Also some bonding time with JARVIS, who is probably going to be more dangerous than even the Hulk when (if) the truth comes out.
Then they took him for tests and surgeries, and he wasn't back since the night before. She didn't get any answers from the nurses or from any of the doctors, and Bruce was presumably by Tony's side still, so he didn't come back either. She was just about ready to leave the infirmary to go demand answers about Stark's condition when Rhodes came in, still completely encased in his suit, only his helmet dispositioned, and looked around. Eyes lingering on Natasha but a moment before he stepped toward the vacant spot and stepped out of the suit, his face grim and wounded. Even with his height diminished out of the large metal suit, Rhodes stature of an experienced soldier was conveying a threatening vibe, like a lion ready to strike down anyone who would dare open their mouth around him or step too close.
Bruce was on the verge. He had been for several days now. Always looking over his shoulder and dreading the moment someone would come up behind him and spook him bad enough for him to unravel. He was waiting for a disaster to happen, hovered by the hulk-proof chambers Tony had created just to accommodate him in an hour of need, and suppressed it. It wasn't time, there wasn't time for him to lose control. Every single tick unnerved him, and there were so many of them lately.
That memory was tainted now. Captain America degraded him without being wielded by Howard's hands, and there was nothing left to reclaim.
The screens all over the tower showed it in loops, they couldn't get away from it - wherever they went was the terrifying, nerve wrecking video. A computer simulation that looked awfully realistic and after it a series of blurry images, real pictures showing the entire simulation again, and an extra.
Three hours later, Bruce turned green – sickly green, rather than the other kind. He stared at the hologram re-enactment, the figure in a mask throwing a gas grenade into the ward and forcing all of the residents to leave the premises or lose consciousness before stepping up to face one, and then suddenly two more Iron man suits. He watched as the man managed to disable one of the suits by ripping out the arc reactor with just his gloved hand before getting thrown into the room Tony was in, followed by the suits which he then disassembled deliberately and cruelly with only little struggle. About in the middle of the ripping apart of the last suit – the scene stopped with a screech, only to then loop back to the beginning to start anew.
"Yeah, we know. We see you sporting it every day like a champ." Sam said dryly, unsmiling when Clint shot him a dagger-sharp glare.
The oxygen mask was taken away, and the air turned stale and unsatisfactory. Tony gasped softly and turned to look at Steve, he felt himself trembling, the picture he created for himself in his mind crushing into pieces at once.
Slowly and dedicatedly, respectfully handling the sharp razor that sled along the lines of Tony's jaw, removing foam and hair and leaving the skin under soft and clear. He didn't nick his throat on purpose – he told Tony not to move, but the genius just had to fidget constantly, And Steve got a little restless.
Rhodey didn't want the job at first. Ok, no, FALSE. Rhodey wanted the job. Rhodey wanted to go back to active duty, but he couldn't. because of Tony. because Steve was getting out and Tony couldn't be left alone because he couldn't protect himself any more. It caused a rapture between them, awkward – since Rhodey still refused to leave his side, which Tony resented.
"Colonel?" Jarvis' voice blared in his ear and he shook the thoughts from his head, his anger and frustration dissipating in favor of cold, calculated planning. He asked Jarvis to show him a scan of the area and took into account the visible and hidden weaponry scattered around, being familiar with Tony's style, he was able to pinpoint likely locations for more hidden weaponry, and laughed shakily as he compared the artillery remaining in War Machine's inventory. It wasn't even nearly enough.
She got up from her own bed and walked to her teammate. Rhodes… he was an Avenger, was part of the team, a valuable part with extensive strategical knowledge, years of training and field experience. He was an Avenger, but before that he was Tony's friend – his
Bruce trembled with rage or with frustration at his inherent inability to do a thing to help the actual search. He kept going through Tony's injuries in his mind – none of them even close to healing at the point he was taken away, the different types of medicine the man should be getting, the pain he must be in… pain that over the counter drugs could do nothing about. For moments, he hoped that whoever took him either meant to kill him or had at least a little medical expertise and access to hospital grade medicine, would somehow, in any way, not let Tony be tortured by his own body as Bruce knew he could be. He breathed in, looked at the greening skin of his hand – and suppressed it.
"Okay, Tony…" Steve kneeled next to him his brow kneading in concern as the appearance of the man in front of him worsened, "Tony, sweetheart… open your mouth. I have something to make this go away, stay with me…" he took off the blankets and Tony's shirt before making him sit up and slipping the pill past his lips. Tony trembled in his hands, his skin was pale and ghastly but thankfully he did not lose consciousness and allowed Steve to hold him and press the oxygen mask over his mouth and nose, as the machine started pumping oxygen through to him.
"We don't know if he would ever be ready, but we can't just… just expect the world to stop until then." Pepper's voice was tired, but firm. "Natasha came to me with questions, Jim… and the company… they are all trying to find out-"
"I am… sorry, Jarvis." He whispered as he lowered his hand and held close a scrap of golden metal. "I disappointed him again, I let him be betrayed and hurt and taken away again."
Tony didn't utter a word, his jaw was set and teeth gritted, and his body trembled – probably due to how cold the floor was against his bare skin. So, Steve lifted and cradled him against his chest, for warmth, and to show him that he was forgiven.
Back at the crash site Steve was able to visualize Tony as he was before he got hurt, and he'd hoped he could keep that image in his mind after the man was gone. However – Tony lived, and now he had to watch him in this form. A pale and poor version of Tony Stark, one that did not deserve the name, did not accommodate it properly. It was simply wrong.
The commanding tone made it clear that Rhodes was pulling rank on Steve, and despite the both of them being out of uniform and Steve not really being under the Military's command chain anymore, the interaction itself was quite enough to make him straighten his back and shift his stance, almost automatically, to Attention.
"I liked how you looked without it, you will have to start shaving again." He said softly, and grimaced, "and exercise, you put on some weight, Tony."
"Alert. Model 'BumbleBee' XLII disabled. Perimeter breached. Life sign designated: 'Sir' – not found. Alert…"
"Go home and rest, Steve." He finally said, too tired to continue the conversation, too exhausted from worrying. he sees the reluctance in Steve's eyes, and can't find the energy to fight. Puny Banner.
Even in the rare case where the Avengers found their way in, they would not find Tony. Even if it meant… it was fine, because he would stay his even beyond the end.
Steve breathed in, not watching as Rhodes disappeared behind the corner leading to the exit. He was getting tired of those transgressions from the colonel. He had tried to be understanding, seeing how this man, for some reason, was one of Tony's friends despite his many offences against him, not limited to stealing the war machine suit. It was becoming too much for him to tolerate any longer. Tony was going to have to stop seeing him and maintaining that toxic relationship if they hoped to fix things between them.
"Had an anxiety attack during his sleep, Colonel Rhodes brought him back and we gave him some pain relief so he could go back to sleep. He was clear-headed and asked what happened when he got sidelined in the battle, so that's some good news. At the very least we know he didn't suffer from severe head trauma… oh, sorry. I'm giving too much information aren't I." Steve opened his eyes and found Bruce looking at him hesitantly, he realized his smile had slipped away from him as he listened and how that must have looked.
That was why he went there, going against the warning Rhodey gave him just before leaving the country again, his voice remorseful in the same way as it always been lately, only now guilt ridden as well. Tony knew something happened when he went to deliver Barnes' new prosthetic arm and check on the recovering brainwashed Hydra assassin, but Rhodey refused to tell him what it was.
He filled a plastic cup with a straw lid and a cute "Captain America & Iron Man" cartoony graphic with water, chuckling at the thought of what Tony's reaction to it would have been had their relationship been as it should be, instead of fractured like this. He would have loved it – called it childish but drink out of it all the time – like those coffee mugs with the bad jokes etched on them he always used.
In his disapproval of the Colonel's choice of words, Steve pursed his lips and crossed his arms across his chest. "I am here because I am worried about Tony." he said, slowly punctuation the phrase without lifting his gaze from the spot where Rhodes stood, "I am here for his sake, and for the team's sake. He is going to have to be able to see me if he ever hopes to go back to be an Avenger." And if he ever hopes to build a relationship. "he needs to contend with his panic or he will never function again."
When nothing continued to happen for more minutes than any of them cared to count, the group once again fell into melancholy silence.
"Steve..." Natasha was the one who opened, and surprisingly, or maybe not too much so, had a glint of gentleness in her voice. She hesitated, saying his name seemed to have awakened some kind of a realization in her, as if she was just now understanding who it was she stood against. "We have the building surrounded-" she went straight ahead with the direct approach, knowing he would not go for anything less. "The building is being scanned for weaknesses since we got in, it will come down soon. take the chance to come quietly with us now, and… and we can all talk about this." The subtlety of the lie was not lost on him, he appreciated it, smiling in her direction. "Please, Steve… none of us wants to lose another friend. Just come."
"This is how you show me you are alive, Tony… come on, you even enjoyed it before… remember? When I did this…" his hand was between Tony's thighs, massaging his genitals in a slow and deliberate method. "You lost so much blood, but you still… you still managed to get hard, for me… remember?"
“Jarvis…” he wasn’t sure if his voice even materialized audibly at all. “Something… something is not okay with me.” He blinked slowly, he was not sure what he’d been saying – the fog in his mind made thinking too hard, too much of an effort. He could just relax, just let himself let go and lay down comfortably. Wouldn’t that be something, now? His head dropped down, eyes too foggy to register the sight of the cluttered floor and crumpled designs at his feet.
I really recommend reading the story from the beginning again for the edits :) and to jog your memory too since it's been... a year since the last update. oops.
"Version check please." He muttered, watching as the sphere opened to reveal a small, cracked screen. It blinked a few times before finally lighting up and showing him the data on the chipset Rhodey had used, he surveyed it shortly while ignoring his budding headache. As he thought, the little Sphere was way too low tech to be able to do anything even if it could connect to the house systems, which Tony knew would have been extremely difficult, unless it had very precise directions. He breathed in and swallowed down the sob that formed in his throat. "Hey buddy…"
Steve smiled, hearing his name said in Tony's voice was like a bunch of butterflies settled in his stomach, he thought he'd have to settle for 'Captain' or 'Rogers' for a while and mentally prepared for the pain of it, and here was Tony – pleasantly surprising him.
And he was hurting her. Like he hurt Rhodey… like he hurt Tony so many times over the last few weeks.
Steve's hand traveled further down, found the hem of his underwear and danced over it. Tony turned rigid at once when he felt it. which angered the super soldier enough the shake him by his grasp of Tony's collar, causing Tony's back to clash against the wall. "
What had he left? What worth was to his life if he couldn't make up for the pain he had caused, continued to cause with his mistakes and carelessness. A genius he wasn't – not when he couldn't see the darker side of things when they were right in front of him. First Hydra within SHIELD, for which he created machines to help with a murderous scheme he had no knowledge of, and Steve… whom he considered a friend, yet turned out to be this twisted and sick thing.
A painful memory of one teenager and one young adult drinking and laughing uncontrollably while listening to – and later reenacting 40's and 50's Captain America radio skits in their dorm room, a make-shift, pizza box-made shield thrown between them as they reclaimed the hero that Tony used to think of as a tool in Howard's hands, meant only to degrade him. A night ending with warm touches and hugs and kisses reserved only for them.
Ever since Afghanistan, Tony couldn't remember how to breathe right. Having a magnet shoved deep through your sternum and a reduced lung capacity as a result would do that to you. He managed, somehow, to stay alive despite it, adjusting the way he breathed to fit his modified body, having Jarvis assist and remind him when he forgot how to, again. Somehow – his breath had been taken away from him so many times, since Afghanistan, by so many enemies. And somehow, he always managed to get it back, relearn how to breathe, and keep on living.
Morning brought with it harsh sunbeams that shone through the glass windows of his home, the unpleasant sensation of sweaty skin rubbing against leather, and Jarvis’ voice reading aloud the weather forecast. Opening his eyes slowly, Tony found himself hugging his knees to his chest. There were red, blotchy scratch marks and deep crescent shapes decorating his skin where he sunk his nails into it during the night. The exhaustion and ache still lingered.
No one except him and Steve and… perhaps Wilson who was Steve's confidant in all that regarded the Winter Soldier knew about the location. Even if they did – they would not be able to break him out easily. It was all in the design… and it was such a smart design,
He sat on the ground next to the opening in the rubble the crashed building, leaning against his shield and wiped tears from his eyes when they found him. He told them Tony was dead – and they didn't believe him. He understood, of course he did, how accepting such a thing was an impossibility to anyone who knew Tony. The man sure liked to act as if he was immortal, rush in and jump ahead to face dangers that were not his to face, just like he did during the battle that caused his death.
Steve had gotten similar lectures from all the other Avengers as they all came to his cell to threaten him hours before his release. He received their verbal abuse quietly, knowing it held no merit. And as for Tony? Obviously, none of them knew him very well. It was clear to Steve, at the very least, that very soon he will get to see him again. Tony was not going to be able to stay away.
It had been a long one, disastrous in all ways. Most of the participants were laying incapacitated on the ground while others fought above them, surrounded by the ruins of what once was Times Square… now reduced to rubble of concrete, steel and broken glass.
And Rhodey's least favorite theory was the authorized override codes. Least favorite, and most probable.
He pried the phone out of Rhodes' hand and looked at it, and just as he did the alarm stopped blaring and was replaced by the relatively calmer, British-Accented voice of JARVIS.
"I wouldn't have asked you about the bathroom if I had known, Tony." Steve reprimanded, "Come on. Get up and we will get you sorted out." Steve stopped then, his arms crossed over his chest in a position that said Tony was not going to get help getting up, somewhat passive-aggressive, but he was thankful for not having to be touched by him again.
Tony looked around him and saw his company's logo plastered over crates, dozens of them – all full of weapons he himself created, he himself designed. He saw those weapons and he saw the men who wielded them, he saw the people who died when they rained down on their heads or shot straight at them point blank and no pain that he ever felt before or after that moment could compare.
"Another visitor? Who?" Sam, probably. Or Natasha, Natasha knew about Bucky, and about the Winter Soldier more than she let on during the fall of shield. So, it was probably her. Only – it actually wasn't. When the doors to the inner wards of the facility opened and from inside came out Colonel Rhodes in full military attire, holding a file folder and working on a StarkPad with his spare hand. Both of them froze in place when they noticed the other, Rhodes entire body tensed at once, probably remembering the last time he and Steve had a standoff at a hospital waiting room. Steve frowned and folded his hands across his chest, imposing his presence as the smaller man looked at him with cold, thundering eyes.
They walked to the private room Pepper had Tony transferred to – which was deserving of the name suite at the very least, in Rhodey's opinion. If not for the medical equipment littering the large and fancy room, there was really no way to distinguish it from a pretty decent hotel room.
Rhodey groaned again and got up, one of his eyes was swollen and was starting to bruise, Tony looked at him sympathetically. "Look at us, we match now." He quipped, trying to lighten the mood though he knew such a feat was not really possible, Rhodey looked at him now, his eyes sharp and steady and his lips set in a frown.
"There are times I wish you had a real body so I can strangle you." Bruce grits under his breath. "I'm doing it, all of it, to help Tony! we are all doing whatever we can! But we can't do the best we can if you don't trust us!"
The moment Sam came into the room with the pizza, Tony's eyes froze on him, and the smile left his face almost immediately. His arms tightened around the bear with his hands digging into it like they meant tearing it apart from the inside out, it almost felt like the room was shrouded in sudden darkness as if someone shut down all of the lights without actually doing so.
"Okay, Tony." a breath of relief left him at the words, only for the next one to hitch in his throat when Steve leaned in for another kiss, stealing it away before getting back up. "You've been so good, and your condition seems to have improved…" he smiled, "I took care of you, like I said I would. And you're getting so much better. Maybe we can try the surprise I had planned for the other night."
"Rogers couldn't finish the job himself? He sent you to do it for him?!" Tony's voice was the embodiment of terror and ice, cutting in its sharpness. All the residents of the room remained frozen as they looked between Sam – whose confusion was prominent in his eyes and Tony – whose body tensed up and looked ready to either fight or flee from the room, through the window if he had to.
Bruce noticed his predicament and put a steady hand on his bicep, smiling reassuringly.  "Barely breathing… a crushed windpipe perhaps due to the heavy mass of debris you cleared away, his lungs took a beating but thankfully did not puncture or collapse. We had to hook him up with some help so he could breathe again. In addition, he was bleeding himself dry…  There's going to have to be a long recovery period after surgeries are done," he paused, looked at Steve and smiled a little, "Tony is lucky you found him when you did, Cap."
And so she remained, watching the armor make micro movements each time someone passed by the door, it's blank eyes glowing red and its weapons at the ready, somehow it was comforting – knowing something was there to watch her back, even if it was not there for her at all. The fatigue of the last few days caught up with her, and she returned to her bed, soon lulled to sleep by the whirring of metal limbs on the other side of the room.
Steve returned Banner's smile, even if he didn't feel like smiling at all. Everything felt wrong about this – the person he supposedly saved? He
Steve's face became the only thing clear in his mind for a moment, and he wailed at the sight – Steve was there, he would help him. He knew Steve would help him, he trusted him- and then Steve would look at him with ice blue eyes, the mistake realized too late – and the cycle goes on and on. Once or twice a touch or a voice would reach him, and with it a whole new wave of anxiety. Thus, he would close his eyes and run back to the familiar - the blue cowl with an 'A' for 'America' drawn on its front, blue eyes… Steve...
"Col… Jim," he started, looking Rhodes shoulders tense for a moment before his head turned to him with a raised eyebrow, he tried not to lose his cool at using the man's first name so casually. "I… uh, hope I'm not intruding." He said "I mean, on the visit…" well, cool it was not, he hoped he didn't really sound as awkward as he felt.
He stayed where he fell instead, a stabbing pain attacking his body from his toes all the way up to his head, his eyes fluttering between closed and open again as he stared at the wooden ceiling, his body struggling to take in and retain enough air that would allow him to stay awake and not tumble down unconscious lane again.
Steve was so happy when he saw him wear it, he didn't even get upset about Tony swiping it away from where Steve discarded it the night before on the sofa, It fed right into the domestic like setting he hungered for.
He grabbed a box of condoms and two tubes of lubricant from the shelf and added them to his pile of supplies. And soon he was out of the store and hot-wiring an old car that parked ten blocks away.
He barely noticed the touches anymore, the violation stopped being new and scary and instead became familiar and manageable. Routine meant not having to think, meant numbness – and no more of that horrible pain.
Different people with different viewpoints and different amounts of knowledge about how it had happened often also had different opinions as to when he "turned" into the superhero. Those who knew no better thought it was at the moment he said the words – other believed it was when he donned the armor for the first time.
Coming out of a detached moment of thought, Tony was tuning in to a conversation being held outside the door, the voices were both harsh whispers, two people shouting very quietly at each other, unaware that speaking normally would probably have had the exact same effect.
"…To let him ride it out. Keep holding his hand and talking to him, he needs something to ground him. His breathing is regulated by the machines but it is useless if he keeps hyperventilating..." Bruce's voice hammered in Jim's mind, saying this was a panic attack, and James Rhodes had seen some of those before, he knew what they entailed and how terrible they could be. Tony had them since 'New York' – but he never admitted it, and Jim had never seen it get this bad for his friend.
At the time, he thought he was dreaming as well. Maybe he was… it was more plausible than the notion of being… by Captain America out of everyone. Couldn't his mind produce someone he could actually deal with doing this? Because Steve, Cap – he wouldn't. Howard's words echoed in his mind, telling him of the greatest Hero he'd
"I sh-should… be in the hospital…" he muttered when Steve laid him down on his mattress. Tony's eyes dropped immediately as if he was straining to stay awake. "Please, Steve…"
"I'll tell you what, Tony counts anyone who has ever got him a good pizza in his circle of friends. He has about three hundred different delivery boys on a mailing list. You could try that." It was a joke, though Rhodey would not be surprised if Tony really did have a scholarship fund set up for poor students he met by the means of take-out delivery.
A hero's death. Tony would have laughed had his lungs felt up to it, but those were deflated, probably collapsed. His breath's felt shallow, not at all providing oxygen or anything other than heavy dust particles in his needy body. Pathetic, broken. Another attempted breath was rejected, and the familiar panic crept up his spine as his vision darkened. A hero's death. He couldn't even know if that was really it, or if he was going to be just another included in the collateral damage of a successful invasion. Anonymous, stripped of his identities and life right along all the others.
And then the mask was gone, a hand settled on the base of his neck and another found its place pushing down against his bandaged thigh. It was straining the wounds and pulling on the stitches and Tony hissed in pain, then whimpered at the burn in his throat that spread down to his lungs and his heart and everywhere – breathing was impossible.
It was too hard to imagine a man as powerful as Tony Stark could ever actually need Sam Wilson's help.
He knew he was being an idiot, he knew the best thing to do was to go hide and cower in the panic room and not leave it until the police or one of the Avengers got there but he chose not to, and he knew what he was doing.
Steve looked at him for the longest time. It was… disheartening. The sight of Tony Stark, the Iron Man helmet torn to reveal his bruised face and the rest of the suit, no, the rest of the death trap the man had cocooned himself within crushed and broken and tearing into his flesh. Reminders of the genius barely visible under blood and filth. So many of his bones must have fractured in the crash so… even if help did come, even if someone could get all the rubble out of the way and even if there was a functioning hospital still standing… what good would any of that do? What could even remain of Tony, after this was done?
"The facility was a mistake, Steve. It was… inhumane and-" Tony quietened down when Steve narrowed the gap between them by just one small step, he couldn't see him, but Steve's glare was near physically painful, burning holes into his back while at the same time managing to make everything around seem colder.
He knew Steve would get mad and take away the air if he resisted. But he couldn't help it. A warning pinch caused him to freeze up, close his eyes as hard as they would go.
Steve couldn't tell if Tony was coughing or laughing at his words, but he felt the moisture of tears meeting his hand where it rested on Tony's cheek. "You were the one… who made me unsafe." He said quietly, closing his eyes tight when Steve wiped his tears with the back of his hand. "You… you tried to kill me…"
She thought of the past week, of meeting Steve in the hospital, talking to him and recognizing the love-sick puppy behavior that she didn't think was that weird, really, but now bugged her. It was excessive if not out of place for him to act that way. The constant need to be by Tony's side even to the point where he caused actual harm – at the time she thought it was protectiveness due to the nature of the attack, now… possessiveness came to mind as a more fitting word. A compulsive behavior fueled by obsession.
Tony tried slurring words of rejection, tried questioning Steve's actions but the words were stuck in his aching throat, what did come out sounded more like gasps and gargles. He felt something – fingers- crawling down the crack of his ass – slightly cool with slick – probably spit or blood? and oh, that was disgusting. Tony couldn't imagine anything worst right at that moment, but he was proved wrong promptly when everything went directly to hell.
It was good. He managed to get Tony out of that hospital, out of the grasp of people who would have him believing something was wrong with what he and Steve shared, away from the people who couldn't protect and save him when he was dying under the collapsed building – that was Steve. He found him, he moved the debris and handled the wounds as best as he could under the circumstances, he called for help. He deserved to be happy with the person his heart chose, who was essentially made for him.
"You would have to forgive me if I seem a little bit off today." He said in a joking tone, "the subject of this press conference is of a rather… delicate matter, and very personal."
He jolted into awareness with an almost-scream, his voice too croaky to actually be able to make such a sound, but hell if he didn't try. He thrashed and beat his head in every direction he could without ever opening his eyes. He could feel the same fingers that choked him before rubbing at his wrist and the touch was making everything worse, he couldn't handle it, not Steve – not again.
Tony inhaled air and spat salt water and bile through his mouth roughly at the same time he struggled  up onto the board, which caused him to choke and nearly lose his grip on the slippery thing. His legs kicked at the water's surface frantically in his repetitive  failed attempts to climb the board. Finally, he stilled. His legs stopped kicking and remained dangling in the water while he breathed heavily, the side of his face and his chest were stuck  against the board surface, his eyes were wide-open in terror. His pupils darted around in panic as he tried, not very successfully, to remind himself that he was
One louder thud, accompanied by a shout by his partner alerted Clint to the passing of time, he found himself kneeling near the bed with a hand over his mouth, trying to keep the scents and his own convulsing stomach at bay. He didn't like that sound, it was the kind of sound one makes when a hurt spot is being exploited to cause greater pain, like a broken arm being stepped on, or broken in another place. Natasha was strong, she could withstand torture both physically and emotionally, but Clint preferred for her to come out of the encounter whole.
And as he was pulled down, without air and light and with horror haunting every single fiber of his being, the sounds of Whale songs filled his head again. Louder under the water, closer. Soothing and loving.
"What… what are we going to do if Steve is still in there?" Clint's voice, low and dry whispered behind Natasha, discouraged as he was by his own lack of good judgment, earlier. "What are we going to do, Nat?"
Tony was always so smart when it came to security, but right now it seemed so dumb. Obviously, creating a connection between Jarvis and the safe-house could create all sorts of security problems that would have been less than ideal if it was being used for its original purpose. Tony did his best to avoid those problems, he never even considered it being used against him. He never really thought how something could be used against him. He was naïve like that.
He halted when the door was in front of him, somehow, Jarvis seemed to be just as much as a nervous wreck as he was. "I cannot determine Sir's status." He offered in a muted tone, "The room has no sensors, Sir has not spoken for the last forty-five minutes, his survival chance at last contact stood at 0.0012%."
"When… are you coming back?" He asked, careful not to meet Steve's eyes as he turned his head in his direction, he tried not to sound panicked, or especially desperate to know, yet somehow his voice managed to exhibit both of those tones with a pinch of fear added for good measure.
The only reason they knew what direction to look in, was because once Jarvis told them which project Steve had requested scrubbed off the servers before he kidnapped Tony, Sam recalled its name and the details Steve had shared about it, for the unlikely case any of them could subdue the Winter Soldier and get him there.
Bruce came by a few times, he never spoke to him, and as Steve would ask after Natasha and Clint, or comment on the greenish hue of his skin as he drew Steve's blood and jotted down notes, he always got the same reaction – a sharp look, tinted radioactive green, and silence. The rest of the team never appeared, not even Sam or Natasha, though perhaps she was a given, considering their last encounter.
"I think Tony is having nightmares." He shared quietly, "Specifically, nightmares about you. Might be waking hallucinations as well. Do you have a theory as to what might be causing that?" he kept his voice low, tried not to sound accusing – because this is not about blame. If Steve was really the trigger to Tony's panic, there must be an explanation that can make sense. As awful as it may be – Bruce had to endure hearing it, for the sake of Tony, Steve and the rest of the team.
"I didn't take Barnes' monstrosity of a prosthesis away because I wanted revenge against you, you self-absorbed piece of shit… I did it because he hated it and wanted it replaced. But this? This right now? This is revenge. See how they like you when you are no longer a super soldier, Captain."
And yet, exiting the elevator Tony found himself breathing a little harder, pressing his hand against is chest just to make sure his heart was still beating. He took his inhaler- Breathing device out of his pocket and took a long whiff, shutting his eyes as Jarvis turned on the lights to reveal the ransacked room.
The hand shot a beam again, hitting Steve's abdomen and sending him crushing into the same broken-glass covered surface as before. Steve yelled, his shout a mix of animalistic rage and pain.
When he lowered the shield, looking through the tendrils of smoke that filled the room, the thought for a moment that he was alone in the room again – he spotted Natasha just before she delivered a kick to his head and wrapped her thighs around his neck in an attempt to smother him or at least get him to disarm. She was nearly successful, but he sooner flung her across the room than dropped his shield – and just in time to see Clint pass through the door to the bedroom.
The voices his throat produced resembled an injured, trapped woodland critter. Steve remained insistent and ignored further attempts, using his other hand to take hold of Tony's waist and pull him into an embrace that left no space for needless struggles. "Let's get you back to bed, You're still recovering…"
A while ago, he tried to let go. He tried to pretend that the pain – the constant pain that stabbed as horribly as the shrapnel in his chest all the time was really just that – just the shrapnel, just the burn of the reactor. He got rid of them, and he got rid of the suits. Because letting them stay once the pain was gone meant letting them take over everything that remained of him.
Steve was by his side too quickly, overwhelming Tony out of anything he meant to say. He was staring at him, his body language tense – not that it ever been not-tense – and out of nowhere asked: "Do you love me?"
Tony fell to the floor as Steve was flung away. His so-called hand, what was left of it was a metallic skeletal formation, wires and some singed and torn patches of synthetic skin that extended all the way above his elbow, and at the middle of his palm was a small, smaller than any he'd created before, arc reactor. Powering the entire thing.
Steve found himself standing above Tony, who was curled up on the floor with one arm slung over his head as a flimsy shield and the other, the one Steve recalled had to go through a long surgery just to be reconstructed after being smashed useless under the debris, was held too tightly in his own hand. He released it, watching Tony who grunted as he pulled to cradle it against his chest as the cast on it crumbled. Had he gotten this angry over a few
The short respites they got whenever Rhodey came back from his outings just to rest a few minutes so he could function during his next outing were a blessing, and they all relished in it despite the side-dish of shame that was served alongside it.
An hour later he got the call from Clint. They were wrong – he said, and Sam didn't understand at first – what were they wrong about? Clint told him to come to the tower, that he just had to see to understand.
"Whatever happened back there…" she heard herself, eventually "it was bad for Tony, it wasn't a positive or proud moment in his life. And Steve – you were there." Her coffee turned lukewarm already, she sipped from it anyway. "I don't know what happened, exactly. I can't rush to conclusions on fragments of information. But I do know that Tony – he always had you as a part of his life. And… whatever happened, it included you see him at his weakest. And for him, that might have been an even worse experience than actually getting assaulted." She paused, surveying Steve who remained pretty much frozen in the same position and the same expression, before loosening just a bit when he felt her eyes on him.
Another cough-laugh sent Tony into a strain of retching and coughs that would have made anyone who was not familiar with 40's influenza squirm in discomfort. Steve stared at him quivering and dry-heaving, his body folding under Steve's arm. "There… won't… be…" another cough, "Steve… I will die. Please…"
He watched the small screen with the rapidly changing numbers, indicating the quick descent through the floor of the tower until he finally arrived at the workshop. It took less than a minute, but felt way longer than that as the anxiety rose in him, enforced by the enclosed, small space. Tony blinked when Jarvis finally proclaimed his arrival at the workshop, reminded himself that it was not the same, not the same place, not the same room, and not the same situation. He wasn't sick and weak and defenseless, not anymore, never.
Tony was not going to just sit still and wait for that to happen. He wasn't going to stay inside, punishing and condemning himself and the people close to him to a life of fear –
Steve made himself bigger with an inhale of air as he got up, Next to him, the Colonel – like Tony – was rather short, but he also knew how to manipulate his body to make his presence bigger and intimidating, his eyes were burning with rage and mistrust that made Steve wary – but his restraint was also telling. Tony had not yet told them any of his misconceptions about what happened – Steve suspected that he would, after the last time he called the hospital security to shoo Steve from his room. He didn't mind if Tony chose to do it, not much, but he preferred not to have to explain himself before he and Tony could reach some sort of accord about the nature of their relationship, he certainly preferred no confrontations with teammates or people who would not be able to get it.
Tony was shaking. He wasn't very cold – he thought, heat was actually gathering in the area of his lower stomach and groin where Steve's now gloveless hands made short waves of warmth spread from wherever they touched, consequently prompting Tony's helpless body to writhe in desperation under them. It was wrong, he didn't want this… he couldn't understand
Rhodey kept quiet for a moment, looking at his friend's unconscious face partially hidden behind grown out bangs of hair. He was clean shaven, and Rhodey was thrown back years just by looking at him. The removal of his facial hair, which Rhodey had no qualms about calling ridiculous – combined with the reduction of his body mass, resulted in a ten years younger looking man more similar to the boy he spent his precious time doting on all through college, than any version of adult Tony stark he could think of.
As a soldier, he had some resentment towards the New-Yorker billionaire turned super hero who stopped providing soldiers with the equipment that could save their lives, he potentially created more 'Riley's just through his inaction. Just for what Sam thought to be an elaborate publicity stunt by a rich, white man who could not see beyond the rim of his champagne tube.
As he deemed his work close to a finish, Steve allowed himself to release his own cock from his uniform pants. Becoming hard while looking at the heap of flesh that once was Tony Stark was not an easy task, so he once again let his artist's imagination take control, paint a picture of the elegant inventor with always neat facial hair, a somewhat condescending smirk adorning his kissable lips and his big brown eyes half closed with lust and adoration. He groaned as that image fueled both the strokes he gave himself and the thrusts of his fingers into Tony's body, he let himself imagine the little gasps and broken moans rolling out of his throat were ones of pleasure, that he'd sound exactly like this if they were in his own bed right now instead of under a collapsed building.
"This query has been made by Ms. Romanoff for her own investigation into the matter, I'm afraid I cannot divulge any further information without her permission."
Rhodey's hand looked like he had been punching a concrete wall repeatedly for hours, but the fact was that he merely got to punch Rogers one time, may or may not have broken his nose, before being dealt an eye for an eye – only it was a human eye in return for a super-human one, and the result was not pretty.
"I didn't want this to happen this way." The growl of Steve's voice caused a jolt in Tony's rigid body, even if he couldn’t quite comprehend what it was that Steve said… the tone of it was cold and hot and terrifying and all at the same time, suddenly his hands on Tony's body turned rougher in their brushes against his bruised skin, pulling away at scorched and torn pieces of what remained of his under-suit. "I thought there would be time, Tony. I thought I'd be able to woo you before I did this, that there will always be a better time…" the strain in his words was obvious even to a dying man's unfocused mind, but it was not wavering or shaky at all. The words were scrambled, the determination and meaning behind them were not.
"Nat," He didn't bother with the pretense he put up for Sam before, his crashed mood did not allow it. "Clint… you got in."
He found Bucky sitting at a large desk, looking over what looked from afar like pictures, his long hair clean and pulled into a messy bun on the top of his head, his skin regained some of the color Steve remembered from their childhoods, and was no longer the pale, ghostly shade of someone who had not seen the sun in seventy years. There was really just one problem with the picture as Steve saw it, one big problem.
"Nat, come on, it’s Steve we're talking about." She turns in surprise to face Bruce, and he shakes his head grimly. "Locating Steve is a waste of resources we should be spending on finding Tony as fast as possible. Clint was right, earlier, any enhanced person with malicious intent could have been the one to do this. It could be someone with a semblance of Steve – or impersonating Steve - that registered in Tony's subconscious as the real deal, that is a viable explanation to his dreams and hallucinations. It would also explain why that person managed to get past three suits of armor equipped with Jarvis' face recognition software – Tony was obsessed with protecting himself from Steve, so that's who the suits looked out for." He breathed in and turned his eyes. "We can't let this tear us apart, we have to believe the best of our team-mates, what sort of team would we be otherwise?"
"I'm going to send in the nurses so they can care for you, is that okay, Tony?" he says quietly glancing at his exhausted friend who probably didn't want anyone to come into contact with him, much less to be treated as an invalid who cannot do those things for himself, Bruce sees the frown forming on the side of his mouth but then Tony surprised him; he took a breath and closed his eyes and muttered a word of agreement.
Rhodey took his hand, squeezing it to ground him, and Tony's eyes found his again. "I love you, but you are making this so hard." He whispered. "It's getting too damn hard, Tones."
Sam still didn't look at him as he turned to leave the room, but still Steve managed to see the anger in his gestures perfectly, the tension in his muscles as he held himself from confronting Steve or even answering him properly. The man stopped just before leaving the room and took in a deep breath.
Tony wasn't in a mood for much small talk, as soon as he acknowledged everyone with a new fitting nickname and a weak quip, he asked what happened after he left the fight, and his mask slipped away as fast as it came on.
