“Essentially. We, well—we can’t be together.”
Tony’d seen the pictures, read about the suicides: 67%. Howard had been a bit of a shit, but surely he hadn’t actually been that evil. Right?
“Don’t,” Clint answered. He shot another arrow.
Natasha clarified, with the slightest hint of a smile: “Cap’s very passionate about threat assessment.”
“Oh please,” Tony waved the remark away. “Make it in my real name.”
Face pressed against the fabric of Steve’s shirt, Tony frowned.  It felt an awful lot like Steve was wrapping things up.  But that couldn’t be right. Right? They were just taking a breather.
“Steve? Before I open that, I have a confession,” Tony blurted out, almost sloshing his coffee over the rim of his mug and then clutching it to himself defensively. “I didn’t know what to get you. But I tried! Hey JARVIS? Give me the shopping tabs!”
Tony jumped. There was a hand on his shoulder.
Steve nodded his subdued agreement. “They don’t mean to be cruel,” he murmured. “They’re just curious.”
Tony was frowning at the schematic in front of him.  (These circuits won’t bear that kind of power load.  Damn.)
“I’m holding you to that, Iron Man.”
Tony paused and watched as Rogers threw his shoulders back, spine stiffening.
“Shut up,” Tony muttered. He was surrounded by dozens upon dozens of schematics, their glow faint. “Shut up. 'm thinking.”
reason.)
“It is 5:33 pm on December 2
“Are you good?” Steve asked.
“Iron Man, can you get Hawkeye?”
“I usually do,” Pepper said with a wry smile, but something was grating at Tony’s nerves, harsh and raw and he had a hard time smiling back.
“Good night, Steve.”
By ten a.m., Tony had signed a bunch of paperwork, corrected nine errors in the latest phone specs from R&D, and read over four of Pepper’s reports only to agree wholeheartedly with her projected course of action.  As he worked through it all, Tony’s eyes kept drifting over to the end of his table where two-thirds of a BLT sat waiting for him to regain his appetite.  (Turned out “tea sandwich” meant “BLT.”  At least in this case.)
“Wait,” Rogers said, looking more and more distressed, “wait, so . . . so, every time I did that, for
Bruce nodded.  “We’re gonna need to borrow a spectrometer.”
,” Tony whimpered.
“I did too, but I—”
“Oh, hey,” Tony said, popping up suddenly from behind the counter with two fancy beer glasses. “Rhodey, Cap. Cap, Rhodey.”
Rhodey snorted. “A: every year is a new year with new variables; someday you might change your mind. B: Einstein didn’t actually say that. It’s a famous misattribution.”
New day, new start. Brooding done. Over. No more.
(You can’t interrogate him right now.  Right now you have to comfort him.  He’s not pulling away—he still needs aftercare.  He’s not gonna be able to talk about it yet.)
Soon thereafter, Tony fell asleep.
“My name is Farhad and it will be my pleasure to serve you this evening,” the handsome bearded Dom said with a slight bow. “To start, Mr. and Ms. Ahmadi would like to welcome you with some
“I was hoping you’d say that,” Sasha said, smiling.  “But, I have to ask--it’s all anyone’s talking about--are you really dating Captain America?”
“Deal. But you vow to keep it quiet,” Tony said firmly, then added, “And I tell you in person.”
“Yeah.  Good.  But, uh, I was thinking maybe we could. . .”  All the confidence Steve had shown earlier, against this very doorframe, had now vanished.  “Would it be okay for me to come in?  I mean, just to sleep with you?  I mean, to sleep?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Thank you so much for reading!  I promise there will be more Steve and Tony in the next chapter!
“Was it really—“ Steve hesitated.  “Was it really ok?”
Tony’s face twisted.
“Want a hand there, Cap?” Tony asked over the comm.  “I thought we might practice evacuations.”
I really should have seen this coming, but I didn't.
“Good morning, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said as Tony entered the kitchen. (Tony hadn’t seen much of Rogers since their Talk.) The Captain hovered a moment, then turned back to what he was doing. “The coffee’s fresh,” Rogers added after a pause.
Tony took his hand. “Tony Stark. Stark Industries.”
“You didn’t really . . .?” he said.
Tony’s thighs trembled as Steve sent hot jolts of want through him with every calculated caress.
Steve swallowed heavily.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Steve lifted his head, frowning.   “Yeah,” Steve said.  “I, uh, assumed we were.  Would be.  Exclusive, I mean.”
“What’s she done now?”
Tony humphed.  “Yeah.  Thought so.”
“Steve,” he said softly, reaching out to caress his Dom’s cheek as he struggled for words.
“I could still think while I was floating,” Steve said slowly.  “It was like everything was blurry but I was still clear headed in another part of my mind or something.”  He sighed.  “That probably doesn’t make sense.  It was kinda like that even after I started—uh, until I fell asleep.”  (Seriously, you already cried all over him—you can say ‘crying.’  Geeze.)
“I really had you there for a minute.”
Tony had never said goodbye or mentioned any plans, but Steve hadn’t seen him in days so he figured that he’d gone somewhere with Ms Potts.  Steve wished once more that Thor were back from Asgard.
“Okay, I’ve just gotta say it: it’s weird that you three have seen every episode and know them by name,” Clint said.
.” Natasha leaned down to kiss him on the cheek. She smelled of spruce and bergamot, something rich and spicy.
“I seriously doubt it,” Tony repeated, more emphatically, then added unthinking, “And anyway, he’s hardly my type.”
Tony swirled his scotch and watched thick legs form around the edge of the glass. He chuckled quietly. Yeah, Rogers wasn’t one of the Dicks of SHIELD, bless his backwards, old-fashioned little heart. Rogers didn’t even get defensive after Tony snapped at him!  He’d just apologized and asked Tony to
Steve shrugged. “I’m not feeling very sociable. Maybe you should go.” He gestured to the elevator, then added, “I’m fine.”
(I’ve heard it in the chillest land -
Pepper gestured.  “Are you having trouble with your StarkTab?  I could maybe--”
(Steve’s been nothing but slow and careful with you, stupid.)  Tony took a deep breath.  (Have a little faith.)
TRIGGER WARNING is behind a rot13 code for those who would rather avoid spoilers.  Warning: frkhny unenffzrag, culfvpny znaunaqyvat, geraqvat gbjneq nffnhyg  Put the text into http://rot13.com/index.php to decode.  If you have trigger concerns, please check this!
“I don’t see why! They’re MY tags!” Steve said indignantly, sounding especially Brooklyn. He added more subdued, “I’d have given you the ones I was wearing, uh, when, but they’re rusted straight through.”
Steve nodded.  “If you want--”
Tony felt ugly laughter bubbling up, but he choked it down afraid it would sound hysterical.
“It’s still the Hulk,” Dominick said, “You don’t know how your ‘training’ will go.”
“Just one episode.”
like to go in,” Tony said, pulling away a little harder. Belford’s hand clenched down on his arm.
“That’s the spirit,” the Captain said encouragingly, then looked at the ceiling.  “Excuse me, JARVIS?  Could you project the chart I’ve been working on please?”
Tony left Steve alone, standing in a circle of broken glass.
“So, what is all this?” Tony asked, though he had a pretty good idea.
“I’m pretty sure he’s fine sleeping on the couch, Jim.”
“Once! One time!” Tony squawked.
“Indeed, sir.”
“Good.” Tony fiddled with the screwdriver he’d been holding. “So, what brings you to my workshop? Something I can do for you?”
Tony sidled closer still. He rested one hand on Steve’s chest and purred, “You’re in charge.”
Tony tried not to roll his eyes.  Really it was a good thing that Bruce had pounced on him after his first cup of coffee, eager to work on the Security Blanket. Again.  (Constantly. Obsessively.) It kept Tony from fretting.  (Constantly. Obsessively. About St—)
“It’s yippie ki-yay,
Steve’s eyes went unfocused, fixed on the past as he seemed to stare at the coffee table.
“Y-yes!”
Steve laughed as Tony flopped back over to look at the TV and dragged Steve’s hand back onto his head. He obligingly resumed stroking Tony’s hair, then a moment later brought his other hand down to give Tony a proper massage, rubbing little circles at his temples then down his neck. Tony let out a long sigh.
.  I want you so bad.  Please, take me.”  Steve was panting into the cushions, words pouring out effortlessly. Tony’s fingers moved in and out, in and out, fucking him and he spiraled higher and higher. . . “Ah!
“You in, Cap?”
Steve didn’t want to be the first to speak. He recited Emily Dickinson in his mind, wondering if Tony liked poetry. (No. Probably not.)
“Does it even run?” he asked turning to Tony.
Pepper would call it “processing.”
“So beautiful, Steve.  So good for me.”
Steve scrambled to his feet, glad he’d taken such care with his own appearance.
“Just the usual,” Tony said, as always. Jackie sighed.
“What?” Tony asked, jerking his attention away from the Planck constant and wave vector diagram.  “Donuts? Oh. Right. Yeah.”  Tony blinked, shook his head.  “I mean, yeah. No. No. Just, coffee’s good.  Yeah.”
Like, really upset.
Tony gave up on narrative.
“Please don’t, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said, sounding a bit more normal.  “I’m happy to do it.  I’m sure they’re busy.”
“But you said that--”
“Here, see?  So, you can write in notes and then I can respond in the file—I shared it between our accounts.  So you can ask whatever you want right here, or add clarification or whatnot.”
Steve's eyes narrowed and the pinch at his mouth was back. “You can't scare me off by swearing at me, Tony.”
“Tony, you closed the portal,” she said, “That was the best thing you could possibly do. You can’t take it on yourself when—“
Then they got worse.
“Good morning, all.”
A moment later, Steve let out a little noise and grabbed at Tony’s hand again.  As Steve moved his mouth down Tony’s cock, he pressed Tony’s hand *hard* against his head, then as Steve slid back up, he curled his fingers around Tony’s to pull his hair as he moved.
“I can't,” Tony said and, oh God, his voice cracked. The anger had gone somehow and all that was left was a deep seated exhaustion; suddenly he was folded up in Steve's massive arms, held against his chest.
To Tony’s surprise, every few minutes Clint would whip out his phone to take pictures of every dish and everybody on his Starkphone. Tony opened his mouth to tease, but there was something oddly sweet about Clint’s sudden inclination to photograph the team. Tony wondered if Clint had many happy memories of previous Thanksgivings for comparison. Somehow he doubted it.
to dinner?”  Rogers looked up sharply, brown creased.  “You’ve got to be kidding.  You do know who I am, right?  I could buy half the restaurants in New York tomorrow if I felt like it.”
—but Tony ran the calculation on instinct whenever he got
Then Steve breached his hole with just the tip of his finger—Tony came with a cry.
Tony stared the glass of water for a moment, then took it carefully in both hands and focused on drinking it. Pepper was a comfortable weight at his back. Still bobbing along to “Single Ladies,” she almost made him spill. (It was a good thing drinking a glass of water didn’t usually call for so much attention.)
(Don’t come without permission . . . wants you to
/\                               /\                              /\                              /\
Back at the Tower, Tony headed for the workshop on autopilot, but changed his mind halfway there to reroute for the common room. He found the kitchen counter covered in cooking things: pans and bowls and flour and sugar and
Steve stood staring for a moment, lost in jumbled thoughts.
Tony smiled. “Verbatim?”
“Are you joining us after all?” Bruce asked Rogers. Rogers gave a hesitant little smile, a shrug, and a nod.
“Ms. Ahmadi confirms your reservation for dinner and has marked a parking place for you behind the restaurant.”
“Yes, you can.”
It had obviously been intense for Steve, but he’d wanted that for him, thought it was what he wanted.  Maybe it had just been too much all at once: Steve’s first bondage, first deep throat lessons, first gestures towards breathplay and spanking, lengthy orgasm denial, more control and domination than before, not to mention the first time anyone else had
Tony held in an exasperated snort.
“A pleasure to meet you, Ms. O’Conner,” Steve said shaking her hand.
Steve was grateful when Tony nodded and relaxed just a little. Tony had never said anything about it, not directly, but Steve had noticed that in the pool, Tony never went under, never put his head in the water. In the shower, he kept his face out of the spray; he used a washcloth at the sink when he shaved.
Clint shrugged. “I have a google alert for all of us. Seems good to stay informed.”
.”  Tony dropped kisses on Steve’s forehead and into his soft blond hair.  “I—thank you for telling me.”
’s act.
“I apologize for him,” JARVIS said. “I’m afraid the older bots have a poor command of figurative speech, Captain Rogers.”
Steve’s cheeks heated even at the careful euphemism, but he took the card without hesitation when the Professor held it out.
: “Really good. In fact, we’re kinda friends now? I introduced him to
Tony rolled his eyes. “Again with the pizza.”
Tony banked sharply and flew in a little loop. Flying was good for thinking. Or for not thinking. Whatever he needed in the moment, flying was good. Flying was always good.
Tony dropped the screwdriver.  “Fuck!”
It suddenly clicked and Tony let out a little laugh.
Tony bristled and sat up again. “I know that.”
“Beats me.” Clint shrugged again. “Didn’t say.”
Tony squinted at him. “So what if I do? I’m the king of Making It Work. What do you want?”
you talk about Tony like that?”
“On our way.”
“You ok, babe?”
“Stark,” Fury said with a nod. “Thanks for coming.”
“Jesus, Pep! What an asshole!”
“That’s true,” Pepper said, giving him her encouraging smile.  (She tactfully doesn’t remind him he’s refused to set foot in The Pierre for years.)
“Of course, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said, tone stoic. “I realize you’re very busy.”
“Good,” Steve said softly.  “Good boy.”
yeah, let me take you . . . just . . . like . . . this.”
“She’s here,” Tony said, looking around the ballroom. “I’ll introduce you—you two should talk.”
Tony shrugged.  He couldn’t let it get to him.
Tony peered at Steve’s meticulously neat sketches and notes.
spent Christmas in his workshop several times without so much as noticing the date.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“SHIELD really shouldn’t be taking this much of your space.  You must have had plans for--”
Bruce sighed and minimized the latest readouts. He gave Tony an amused little smile.
“Yeah.”
Tony took a sharp little breath and let out something rather like a choked laugh.  He shook his head and gave her a wry smile. “I thought you were here to give me a shovel speech.”
is the pinnacle of cinematic achievement!”  Tony shook his head then added with a grimace, “But not the new
“You should depart in roughly thirty minutes to avoid being late.”
I have ret-conned the promised salary for Steve's sessions with Tony after doing a bit more research.  A tenement studio like Steve rents would be 6$ a month. Given that, 100$ a session would make Steve--by his standards--a rich man.  So I knocked the pay down from INSANE (100$) to extravagant (25$).  But Tony still gave him 100$ in chapter 3 in an act of extravagance.
Pepper had woken up to chat with Rhodey on the couch. Natasha and Clint were on the loveseat having a tete-a-tete while Bruce, Mrs. Rhodes, and Steve stood in the kitchen.
“I can be patient.”
Rogers opened his mouth, closed it, then opened it again, expression anxious.  After some invisible struggle, Rogers slumped a little.
Rogers faltered, then added more quietly, “I mean, uh, I think Natasha’s right—we need to stick together.” Rogers cast a worried glance across the room. “Clint’s taking the losses pretty hard; it’s good to show him that we’re all here. A team.”
Rhodey sighed audibly. “What have you tried so far?”
for, uh--”
"The Starks are a rich dynasty and their kingdom prosperous.  With our coffers so badly depleted, we're unlikely to impress them with the gifts we're able to provide, but ritual gift giving is an essential part of any successful treaty. We don't dare give offense by arriving with underwhelming . . . gifts."
“Then I’m all ears.” Tony smiled, then asked: “Is it a plan that pairs with caviar and pierogies or arancini and calamari.”
“Fine,” Tony said.
He stared Steve down.  It took him a moment to realize the Lieutenant Colonel was waiting for a response.
(He was glad Steve wouldn’t have minded, but really the idea did nothing for him.)
Tony’d been surprised to see Matt had talked to
He shook his head. Nobody looked good in that kind of light. (Except Steve. He looked good in everything, damn it.)
“You might also like to know it is now quarter-to-seven.”
“If you don’t mind me taking it down with me,” Tony said, tone amiable, “it would be good to have something to nibble on while I work.”
“Don’t move,” Steve commanded sharply.
Tony shrugged. “Sure. I mean, they’re spies and they probably won’t approve, so it’s not like they’re gonna leak it to the press.”
“Fuck!” Tony cried out.  “Seriously, JARVIS?  You let it
Natasha turned to look at him and very slowly raised one eyebrow.
“BAAAAA!” Hulk yelled, tossing the ball way over Natasha’s head.
(In the dank cold of that miserable cave it had been a comfort to know not all of his legacy would be drenched in blood.)
Hill looked at Fury then back at them, and hastened to say, “Remember that your contacts require SHIELD approval for press releases and public disclosures. Failure to receive official approval would place you in violation of your contracts.”
“Totally.”
Bruce hesitated. “If there's anything I can do to help . . .”
“What, you’re the delivery boy
? Captain America?”
Thanksgiving: Part 1
As if Steve could bear to wait!
/ K * 2.45Mx Still didn’t make any sense--)
Steve crashed to his knees beside Tony, apparently misunderstanding his downcast gaze.  Steve gently lifted his chin.  He caressed Tony’s cheek with a shaking hand and stroked his cum from Tony’s skin.
Bruce wasn’t an engineer—which was fine, really, since once you have Tony Stark why have anybody else?—but he was a scientist with a creative mind.  They bounced ideas around and in not too long Tony had, uh,
“You intrigue me.”  Tony raised one eyebrow at him.
the Director of our real priorities.”
“It’s already starting to bruise,” Steve said.
She shook Bruce’s hand and said, “You saved Tony’s life. We’ll always be grateful to you.”
Rogers entire body went stiff for a moment. “Oh, hello, Mr. Stark.” He turned, gave Tony a polite nod, and went back to battering the most heavily reinforced punching bag on earth.
“Well,” Tony said, looking up at the blue-ish energy field crackling high in the sky above the tree line. “That sure looks like the start of a portal to me.”
“Yes, well,” she said in that matter-of-face voice she used to conceal her pleasure at a compliment.  “We’ll see.”
“When he saw there were spiders in the area, he and Javier started making runs to get people off the street. They got an extra forty-five civilians to safety, but—Jerry stayed to guard the door. He-- He didn’t make it.”
“It could be,” Steve agreed softly, “But it wasn’t.”
“I’m down,” Clint called, then added with a glare at her, “But you’re not picking. You always pick the movies.”
Bruce gave him a sympathetic look and Tony replied with a grimace.
“Sure.” Tony shrugged. “Sounds good.”
Tony sank gracefully to his knees at Steve’s feet.  Steve rummaged around in the duffle bag he’d brought and produced a long thick line of meticulously wound rope.
Thanks so much for joining me, everybody!  I hope you liked it!  Since I continually find myself tempted to write really rambling author’s notes and since several of you who don’t have AO3 accounts have asked about my update schedule, I’ve now made a tumblr.  Yay!  On it you will find thoughts about this AU, updates on its progress, occasional anecdotes about me, RL liberationism, BDSM, and some funny stuff as well. I’d be delighted to have you join me.  I’m http://ms-meredith-milton.tumblr.com/  Hope to see you there!
“What kind of bet about Tony?” Clint demanded with a sinking feeling.
Tony sped his steps again, eager to outpace Harris.
, Steve came back from his run to find that Clint and Natasha had left him a brisk, professional note informing him that SHEILD had sent them on a mission, but if the Avengers needed to assemble they would be able to get to New York from their new (undisclosed) base in roughly four hours.  They left all the necessary information to contact SHEILD and expedite their return in case of an emergency.
He went back to his workshop.  Alone.
“Then lead the way,” Steve said, hoisting his duffle, then added in a low murmur, “I’d like waking up with you.”
(Okay, maybe coffee
“Oh, well.  Would you send him my way once he gets back?”
(Oh fuck.)
“And for some reason he’ll never come down to the workshop,” Rhodey said. He walked into the room and paused. “Everybody else does, but not him. Even when I’m coming down to invite you to lunch with us.”
“Yeah. He’s just overworked,” Tony answered quietly. “Worried we aren’t prepared for another attack. And he’s had trouble sleeping.”
“Oh, I can probably beat you at potatoes,” Steve said, tapping his stomach. “Irish Catholic, you know.”
“Really?”
Tony frowned at the patterns for the Agents’ body armor. Sure, Clint needed the full range of motion in his arms, but did they have to be completely bare?   It was a wonder those guns weren’t a mess of scars if this was how SHIELD equipped him. Tony shook his head.
Tony nodded very slightly, mind still racing; Steve let go and took two steps away.
Tony’d left Steve enjoying a chat with a kind older couple who were on the board for an arts and social outreach non-profit.  Splitting up meant covering more mingling ground (And maybe raised their chances of sneaking off to make out in the coat room?)
“Hey, handsome,” Tony said.
“Is there something kinda traditional that Steve might like?” Tony asked. “Something old timey but not gross? Or some sort of nerdy military tradition I wouldn’t know about? You two have that kinda thing in common.”
“About me. That I’d never—” Steve fell quiet, unsure how to continue.
Rogers took a cautious step forward, then paused, waiting to see if Tony’d take the opening. But Tony wasn’t stupid—his best shot at this was to use agility and speed, not rush a guy twice his size who had bulk and strength on his side. Rogers waited a little longer and Tony thought he saw a bit of approval on the man’s face as he realized that Tony wasn’t going to fall for it. (Headstrong, not foolish.)
'Casablanca' really was a great film, but Steve had watched it before and Tony was next to him on the couch, just a few inches of space between them. If he shifted slowly, he could probably wriggle closer and press his thigh up against Tony’s. But that would be pretty obvious. What if Tony scooted away? Or said “Geeze, Cap, stop hogging the whole couch, why don’t ya?” And thighs were kind of intimate, even now, weren’t they? And touching Tony’s thigh would make him think of everything else he wanted to touch. (Oh god! He wanted to pin Tony down and press his whole body against him, kiss him long and hard, hip-to-hip, rub their--)
“Come see for yourself!” Tony waved at Clint’s and Natasha’s uniforms. Clint’s had been a particular challenge. He insisted that he needed bare arms for mobility with the bow; Tony insisted that was bullshit and he could design something light but strong that would protect his fucking arms.
“I love you.”
It was a split second decision and, sure, he probably could have caught his balance, but—
. (Intimidated.)
Steve nodded.
Steve sat blankly, waiting for Phillips to continue; Phillips eyes flicked up and down Steve's body.
(“Hope” is the thing with feathers -
“But you've been keeping busy, haven't you?” Bruce asked. He checked on something in the oven and put a lid on his curry, turning down the heat. “I saw that another order of art supplies came in for you.”
“I know that, Tony.”
So, it was fine, really.  Mostly.  And as Pep pointed out, the cheaper they bought Lang Inc, the more money they’d have for the Foundation.  And the sooner they bought Lang Inc., the sooner that asshole’s name would be taken off a Fortune 500 company forever.
(So you don’t have to worry.)
“Pretty good,” Steve said with a shrug.  “Just . . . needed some quiet.  To clear my head.”
(Oh!)
Steve took a long and deliberate calming breath, then said in a measured voice: “Well. I don’t use most of those things anyway.”
“Ha! Missed me!” Clint gloated.
Tony kissed and caressed him for ages, pausing occasionally to share more port and chocolate.  Steve lost himself in sensual pleasure.  They’d never just laid down and kissed for so long, on and on.  Steve shivered, soaking it all in, but desperate for more. He let out a long, loud moan, clutching at Tony helplessly.
A moment later someone un-tucked the duvet and folded the covers over him, saying a soft:
“Have you pressed inside?” Tony asked softly.  “Have you fingered yourself?”
Tony took a hesitant forward and looked up at Steve hopefully, willing him to understand what Tony meant without hearing it put into words.
“Damnit, Tony,”  Steve’s voice was practically vibrating with frustration.  “I’ve been
“In the flesh.” Tony shrugged and came through the doorway. He swung by the fridge for a bottle of cold water before confronting Rogers
Tony turned to face the TV and curled up against Steve’s legs.
“God you’re amazing,” Steve said. “I can’t believe you’re giving me a
And live together.
“Nah, I’m good,” Tony said, waving his hand. “I snacked at the Safehouse.”
(Really?)
Maryanne Rhodes had a way of doing that to people.
Romanov.  Natasha.  She was . . . acceptable.  She’d clearly taken Tony’s words to heart.  She gave him a lot of personal space, more than anyone else, and never snuck up on him—though she seemed to delight in startling her fellow Doms. Tony hadn’t forgiven her and he certainly didn’t trust her, but it was getting easier to be around her and not have double vision.  Natalie had been someone Tony liked, someone he thought he might want to be friends with or at least mentor; he was still sorting out how much of that was an act for her mark, and how much was actually Natasha.  Nat?  He’d figure it out eventually.
Tony watched as Steve stopped to exchange a few words with Mrs. Rhodes before heading to the elevator.
“JARVIS, gimmie chart 7112.”
Thank you all for the kudos and kind words.  They mean the world to me, especially in this trying time.  You are so lovely and supportive.  Thank you.  And as always, hope you liked it!  :-)
“Absolutely! Agreed.” Bruce sat down at the counter. “Thank you, Tony.”
“Hey, JARVIS? Enlarge the stats on the left.”
“So,” Steve said briskly as everyone took their places. “What do we know about these portals?”
Rogers was learning. After all, Tony was pretty sure “sexual harassment” hadn’t been a phrase floating around in the ‘40s—back when Doms called their secretaries “sweetheart” and “doll,” and it was taken as a sign of affection not incompatible with being a respectful employer. Tony began to pace.
“That hasn’t changed as much as it should have,” Colbert says after a few moments. “PTSD is still undertreated, particularly for Veterans.”
Tony ate his chicken Parmesan, surprised to find he had such an appetite.  It really was delicious.  He shouldn’t be so surprised—Steve made lots of good food—but he was anyway; it wasn’t exactly an Irish boy meat-and-potatoes dish.
Steve’s head dropped and he kissed Tony very softly on the lips, then asked in a whisper, “May—may I come in?”
would know what to say to Rogers. Tony opened and closed his mouth a few times, half-inclined to apologize, though unsure why. (Good thing he can’t see you—you look like a fish, Stark.) All the attachments on the adjustor and fluxator were perfectly aligned; Tony was tempted to stay under the spectrometer anyway.   But he wasn’t intimidated by Captain fucking America, so that definitely wasn’t gonna happen. No way he’d hide.
Steve flipped back to the spreadsheet to reply to Tony’s note there.
Thank you so much for your patience and support!  I hope you enjoy the new chapter!  (I worried a lot about pacing, but if I fuss over it any longer I may never post...  so, yes.)
Then Pepper smiled, pulled her chair closer to his bedside, and resumed her report: “Rhodey caught you.” Her voice shook only slightly. “The portal was already closing when you came through, but you weren’t flying. You were falling. And Rhodey— Rhodey caught you.”
“Chill out, Rogers.  You always this jumpy?”
Steve grimaced. “Oh, gosh, I
“I’ll take you,” she said. Tony shrugged and followed her from the cafeteria.
I decided to start putting the out-takes and snippets all in once place and wrote one about Bucky and Steve.  They can all be found here: http://archiveofourown.org/series/297383
“Hey, JARVIS.  Pull up schematics for Project 2231.”
Steve’s aching cock pressed against Tony’s stomach and Tony’s whole body was hot and solid against him as Steve held him tight. Steve breathed in deep, taking greedy lungfuls of Tony, who melted slowly in his arms, the tension leaving his muscles.
“Sir?”
The cover was, frankly, a bit of a mess. They’d used separate close-ups of Tony and Steve instead of a picture of them standing together. (Maybe the blocking was meant to imply that, secret romance or no, they were so incompatible they couldn’t share a frame?) Tony shook his head. (Don’t overthink it, Stark.) The cover looked like exactly what it was: a fiction cobbled awkwardly together. Tony scrolled to the inside, though, and felt a jolt of shock and recognition at the interior photos.
“It is,” Tony said. “It really is.”
Tony thrust his fingers in faster and harder.  Steve panted wetly onto the cushion.
Bruce had rambled on without realizing he'd lost Steve's attention.
"You are not what I was expecting," Tony told him with a grin.
“What else could they do?” Rhodey answered, forcing the words out, breathless with laughter. “Stood at attention under civvies and a brassiere, hopin’ to hell he wouldn’t notice!”
(Mmm.)
Tony looked around the restaurant with new interest and said, “You must have liked it if you wanted to come back now.”
, you can’t imagine . . .”  Steve’s brow was furrowed.  He sighed again, relaxing against Tony a little more.  When he spoke, he sounded more tired than angry:  “Mostly back then I tried not to think about it, the way I tried not to think about men.”  He paused.  “But when I did think about it, it made me feel
“Yeah.  Now,” Steve said.  “Besides, we agreed you’d get better hand-to-hand training from Clint or Natasha.  Please excuse me.”  With that, Steve strode purposefully from the room.
Steve shot Clint a look of mock hurt.  “You wound me,” he said, hand on his chest.
What if he had pinged, even half a point? Would Howard have sent him to orientation therapy?
“What can I say? I’m a naughty boy. And Pep, I love you, but I’m—“
“And Buck was always making plans, from the time we were little. We were gonna go West to California and strike gold. We’d get a flat together; I’d draw for the newspapers and he’d work in construction. Or he’d go into fighting, like his dad, and win a real big fight with tons of money and we’d be set for good. Or we’d open a gin joint together and live above it. But it was always--he’d say, ‘you and me, Stevie, ‘til the end of the line.’” Steve swallowed heavily. “I always reckoned I’d go out young, wouldn’t have to face things without him. Even with a war on, even once I had the serum—it seemed impossible that he'd . . . . He was just so strong, larger than life, and--” Steve squeezed his eyes shut and took a few deep breaths.
Tony managed not to laugh, but only barely. In every comic book, cartoon, movie, or documentary ever made about him, Captain America
“They’re swarming my perch.  Gonna need to relocate soon.  There are more of them than I can--”
he knew how to find.)  “Here I am!”
Fury looked skeptical, but made no further comment.  “Well, let’s get started.”
“Yeah?” Tony said.
One of the spiders had leapt twenty feet into the air and wrapped its legs around him, squeezing. Its fangs slammed against the armor, looking for a join between helmet and shoulder. Tony’s flight went uneven with the sudden added weight.
Tony glared at the tricorder, then the eerie energy field, then back.
“Coffee if they have it.”
“Sounds good, Iron Man.  These things are giving me the heebie-jeebies.”
(The press didn’t
Steve nodded and Tony kissed him on the forehead.
“Bruce came up for lunch earlier.  He was going to bring this down to you, but he read something on the Internet that made him, uh, need to go meditate.  Immediately.  So he suggested I bring it down instead.”  Rogers paused a moment, then asked, “Would you like some lunch?”
? And you said something about ordering brunch?”
smile.
Tony swallowed.
Tony hesitated. He didn’t really want to know. But . . .
“Thanks, babe,” Tony said, as Steve served him several of his favorites.
“But are they swell?” Tony asked.
Tony spat out the screwdriver and frowned as it rolled off the workbench with a clatter.    “Smartass,” Tony muttered.  He heard the line connect and called out, “Sugar pie, honeybunch!” as he crawled under the bench for his screwdriver.
Thanks for joining me! :)
********************************************************
"A very good thing indeed."
A moment later Captain America rounded the corner.  Tony assumed he was there to deal with their exit, but when he caught sight of them he made a startled face, then visibly collected himself.  (That man should
Clint laughed. “Okay—I’m not overthinking this. Iron Man is totally a hero in Eewoo culture! Ballads. There’s gonna be fucking ballads.”
“You were being sneaky!”
“Malbec?”
Keeping an eye on Steve and playing a bit of footsie was all that kept Tony from drifting off during the movie again; he knew every shot so well, he hardly had to watch it and could just savor Steve’s reactions, the feel of Steve’s knee against his cheek, Steve’s hand absently stroking his hair, his jaw, his neck.
Tony shrugged. “My friend’s a man of simple tastes.”
Bruce headed towards the elevator, but after a few steps Steve added, “Hey, and Bruce?  Thanks.  For the advice.”
“I did say
anything), but he was saved from answering. Rhodey’s phone went off—it was the boson’s whistle from the Starship Enterprise, the big dork.
Steve was still frowning, but it looked at more pensive than pained. He’d stopped trying to pull away.
“—tell me how he feels.  I mean, he’s from the forties.  They thought he was sick or he’d go to hell or both, but those people, they weren’t some nasty subculture—it was everybody, or as good as.  He never even told his best friend, and the guy was like a brother to him.”
If you haven't seen the comic LePeru made from chapters 8-12 of "Surrender" check it out here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/888631.  It is phenomenal.  *fans self* Enjoy!
“Look,” Tony said.  “I shouldn’t have yelled.  I have a temper.  Sorry.”
“Mr. Stark,” Rogers said began seriously. “That was a great thing you did and I hope that you know that I--”
“Yes,” Tony agreed easily, trying to look contrite.  (What did it matter? It wasn’t like he’d have to test the same theory that way again.)
“Hey, Cap,” Tony said. Steve’s head snapped over to look at him. His expression was tight and something about it made Tony nervous.
Tony headed for the elevator.  (Here goes nothing.  Talking.  About feelings. And stuff.  Yay.)  Tony shook his head.  He found Steve settled comfortably on the couch in front of Tony’s
contract.”  Tony laughed, trying to picture the look on One-Eye’s face when Rogers threw that his way.
“Do you really want to go with Stark? Are you sure you trust him?”
Rogers was pounding the punching bag with a ferocity Tony’d never witnessed before. The punches were almost frantic, not the controlled steady blows Tony was used to seeing. The Captain hadn’t broken the reinforced adamantium chain on his boxing bag, but it was looking like a near thing.
(Does he really expect them to stand for me?)
“No,” Tony cut in. “Damn it, no. No! This is me. This is what you get.”
“Er, yes?”
Tony bit his tongue.  Snapping, “I know everything there is to know about you, thanks,” would only prolong this weirdness.  He deleted and retyped another equation.
“May I remind you that Mr. Lee has an extensive waitlist for his services?”
And with that Captain America rushed from the training room.
“Ah!”
Steve gasped and pressed his hand to his chest.  “My God!  What was I thinking?  Better get you some coffee, stat!”  Steve kissed him and then rolled out of bed.  He hesitated then asked softly, “Shall I bring it to you?”  but Tony was already throwing back the covers.
Tony took a deep breath and threw himself into work.
“Sir is currently in the sunroom. He is expecting you.”
(I’ll try.  I want to say it for you.  I don’t know why it’s hard . . .)
Jackie raised one perfectly sculpted eyebrow. “And since when are you such a prude, Tony Stark? I’ve never seen you to hesitate to verbally drool over the celebrity Dom with the best butt and prettiest tits.”
Steve moved up and down, sucking Tony’s cock, loving the feel of it, then he pulled back to lap at the head with his tongue.  He wanted to touch Tony, wanted to touch himself.  He could break the cords-- of course he could-- but Tony put them there so Steve wanted them to stay.
“Tony . . .” Steve mumbled, half-entreaty, half-chiding.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony cut him off rolling his eyes, “No sass, buster, just do it!”
“I’m done for the day—don’t think there’s much of anything more I can do,” Steve said. He glanced over at Tony’s schematics, the gutted satellite, and little pile of arc reactor type things. “I was going to see if I could take you out for dinner, but it looks like you’ve still got a lot to do.”
“Doesn’t seem fine,” Tony murmured, pressing himself into Steve’s arms.
Sorry for the long hiatus!  Between setbacks at work and two rounds of health problems, I haven't had much time to write.  Thank you so much to everyone who has left me comments and encouragement.  You are wonderful.
Three weeks passed.
“Good boy.”  Tony released Steve’s hip then leaned over to sooth the sharp little fingernail marks he’d left, kissing and licking the sensitive skin.  “I’ve got you,” Tony whispered.  And with that, Steve could feel everything sliding away.  (Tony’s in charge.  He’s got me.  Everything’s good.)  Steve’s arousal was still tight and heavy, but his muscles felt lax at the same time.  Tony would give him what he wanted—was giving him what he wanted, because he was doing what he wanted with Steve.  (Good, so good.)
“Okay.” Tony swallowed, then said, “I should go to bed.”
fine,” Tony said, a little incredulously.  “Are . . . are
(Shit.)
“The Academy has very high standards for how we treat our models,” the Professor said almost primly, “and it is our policy not to refer our models to unknown parties. But since it seems you may be”--a delicate pause as he selected the right phrase-- “in a difficult position . . .”
“It’s beautiful,” Steve said, almost reverently, holding up the blown glass star. Venetian glass.
Tony cleared his throat. “If you really want off the hook,” he said, “I’ll cover for you. I can tell them it was urgent Avengers business, Top Secret.”
Tony’s mind leapt ahead to imagine what it would be like once Steve was ready to fuck him—that gorgeous cock, not just against his hip, but deep inside, hammering into him. Feeling spread open, taken,
Dummy wheeled over with a whirring noise, tennis ball clenched in his claw.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
reminded him he was reading all this because Tony told him; it was quite a nice feeling.
Belford let out a derisive laugh. “Well I’d guess that can’t be your scene anymore, with Captain Conservative living at Stark Tower!”
Tony glared angrily at Dummy’s motor.
“It’d take a while to work it up, but I think it should,” Tony confirmed.
,” Natasha promised. “Nobody gets Christmas presents early from me.”
“Yeah.”
. . . . . .. .  . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..  .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rhodey’s mouth dropped a little and his eyebrows flew up.  “You’re shitting me.”
Also, if you would like to commission art from LP, there's still time!  Her commissions post is here: http://leperu.livejournal.com/3038.html and a glorious sample of her art, here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/711867.  :-)
“Got it. Later!”
I found this chapter really hard to write and I ended up deleting a lot of what I'd written and starting over.  There was originally more about the attack's various victims, but I kept making myself cry. . .
Tony scooted closer to put his hand on Steve’s shoulder, half afraid he’d be shaken off, but he shouldn’t have worried. This time, Steve leaned into the touch, breathing deeply. Tony wrapped his arms around him.
,” Tony said. (Relationships…)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Good,” Tony murmured, still stroking him, “because I want you to.  I want to make you feel so good. I want to serve you.”
Tony shifted forward to pull one of Steve’s bare feet into his lap. He wanted to kiss it but also
“So,” Pepper said, arching a perfectly sculpted eyebrow.  “What’s going on?”
Rhodey grinned.  “Chicks dig the uniform.”
Steve continued, and now he sounded frustrated, a hint angry again:  “I used to get beat up all the time and pinned down a lot.  It seemed like some sick part of my brain was saying that, since I’d never be able to resist I should just give up and
“I owe you an apology,” Tony said, “whether you need one or not. I shouldn’t have done that without your permission. It was wrong. It won’t happen again.”
“Live dangerously!” Clint cried. “Tony? Steve?”
Bruce smiled, perhaps a little grateful. “Oh really? Original series?”
“Maybe,” Steve answered. “It still doesn’t really feel
“Oh sweetie,” Rebecca murmured, face sad. She kissed his temple and tightened her fist in his hair. “Don’t worry.”
"A spy," Steve said, interest piqued.  "You need a spy."
“And-- ”  Steve swallowed and looked up at Tony again, his voice soft when he spoke, “and then I started to wonder, if the way I am was actually something wrong with me, why didn’t it go away like my asthma?  I mean, if it’s really a sickness-- wanting men, wanting what I want-- wouldn’t it go away too?”  Steve gave a little shrug.  “But there was a war on and I didn’t have that much time to think about it, especially since I was trying not to anyway.”
“Everyone used to say they were just making up stories to amuse me or trying to sound important, but you really—“  Francesca was shaking her head in disbelief and looking decidedly misty-eyed.  “Nonno Luca used to say that you’d have wasted away without them, so really they saved New York.”
“And I love you, Steven Grant Rogers.”
“Don’t you think,” Nat asked in a wry voice, “we could make an exception to the ‘quiet on the comm’ policy while
sincerity—but he got the feeling there was something else haunting Steve’s thoughts. (Bucky? Shit. He must miss his old friends so bad--)
“Yes, Ma’am.”
memorized; he’d known every line since he was a little boy, so it was almost more fun to watch Steve than the show he knew by heart.  But as he finished wolfing down his food, Tony found his mind starting to wander.  Back to . . .
Tony checked his reflection over in the mirror, not a hair out of place.  He looked good. No way to improve on that. (Well, at
should have put his coat on. Stupid.) Steve didn’t turn around. Even over the sound of the wind, Tony could hear Steve’s choked breathing. He was crying.
Katie was quiet for a moment. “You know your generosity could inspire others to become more involved, to give back to the community.”
Steve glanced over at Tony, then looked away, shoulders hunched.  "Uh, sorry, for talking your ear off like that."
“And it was really good.”
“I wasn’t trying to—“
“Here,” he said, stepping closer. “You’re making it worse.” Tony batted Rogers’s hands away from the mangled tie.
Rhodey laughed. “Can you be trusted?” he teased. “I seem to remember a fire and a—“
“I got your flowers,” Tony said, as she directed him into an elegant spin.
“Mmm,” Tony murmured again, then whispered, voice hot and wet against Steve’s throat, “
Steve bucked back hard, panting. Tony licked his cock teasingly, then added, “Go on and fuck my mouth too.   Let yourself come.  You have permission now-- I want you to come.”
“I hope that . . .” Steve continued, rubbing the back of his neck, “No, I *trust* that what I’m about to tell you, won’t change how you think of me, as a friend or as a commander.”
No luck. Steve wandered down the balcony a little ways, maybe six feet from Tony, then leaned against the railing to look up at the moon.
,” and so
Tony suppressed a wince when Belford tightened his grip again and tried to maneuver Tony towards the corner rail. Ah, fuck. He didn’t want to be in full sight of the ballroom for a confrontation, but he didn’t feel great about being out of sight either. Lose-lose.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“These are for you, love,” Tony said softly, petting his hair.  “Do you like them?”
“Good,” Fury said.  “Working with a team, getting really comfortable with them, will be crucial to that endeavor.  That means lots of training exercises as well as personal proximity.  It will be hard to forge that kind of bond as a unit if you’re commuting from another location.  We’d like you all to live together on base.”
“Political scandal of the early 1970s. The president and his administration broke into the DNC, performed illegal surveillance, and abused their control of the IRS, FBI, and CIA to harass their political opponents. The president resigned before Congress could impeach him and was pardoned by his successor. And the President was . . . was . . . Clinton?—no. No! Wait.”
“We should really make a shopping list for Christmas dinner,” Steve said. “How about—“
“Pep, be reasonable! I’m--”
“So,” Steve said, “
“Sir, the eyedrops you requested are immediately to your right.”
“Mmmm?”
Tony hadn’t looked Myra Goldstein—let alone her venerable mother—in the face since.  He’d had no right to drag the other gala attendees into his scene like that.  (It wasn’t a play party, for fucks sake!)  He could have been arrested for indecent exposure, not to mention the drugs. Sometimes Tony was sorry Myra hadn’t called the cops, if it could have cut things short.  Maybe there wouldn’t have been so many photos.  Or videos.  (Taken on the revolutionary first generation StarkPhones, of course!)
No Steve.
“Hey, buddy,” Tony said, lifting it slowly. “Look at this!”
“I wasn’t--”
(Shit--didn’t mean to say that.)
: No problem at all! I’m kind of in the middle of
It was a mess.
Little by little, Steve uncoiled, his chest rising and falling with long, even breaths while Tony stroked him.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
anymore.)
(It really was, wasn’t it?)
Rogers gave him a tentative smile.  “You should have seen my face when I found out Mass is in English now!” Rogers ate some of his eggs.  Tony didn’t answer.  Rogers took a sip of coffee.  Then he gave a little sigh, shook his head, and said a bit sadly, “Seems like a shame to throw out nearly two-thousand years of tradition though.”
?) Tony blinked again. (Oh yeah.)
Saturday disappeared in a whirlwind of work for Stark Industries, urgent calls from Pepper, and trying very hard not to yell at anyone in R&D. By eight pm Tony was exhausted and just wanted to relax. Pepper was in Chicago, Rhodey was still abroad, Clint was out drinking with agents again, and, oddly enough, Bruce and Natasha were at the ballet. Tony had JARVIS call Steve with the usual offer of
“That was fun,” Bruce said with a smile.   He rolled his shoulders and gave a luxurious stretch as he stood up.  “Maybe the mantis shrimp will inspire another new element or something.  But, now it’s six and I should go see if Steve needs a hand with dinner. He’s roasting a chicken and I thought we might watch
“Mmm-hmm.” Tony pressed closer, rolling his hips and pushing his face to Steve’s shoulder.
“Uh, sure. All right.”
“Hey! I’m just as pretty as Pepper! But I’ll admit the weather here sucks—so, fine.”
Tony looked down at his inner thighs with a frown. (Yeah. Gym.) He sighed. (Better go for a run.)
“Dude, just ask Steve what he wants. And I gotta go. Some of us work for a living, you know.”
(Does he realize? Did Bruce see me--?)  Tony bit his lip.
; he wasn’t actually going to write “sucking cock and bending over” on any sub’s duty roster.  (Not even a male sub who couldn’t get knocked up.)  Tony’s mouth twisted in a little grimace and he looked away.  (Yep, male subs: the perfect whores.  Dominate ‘em, fuck ‘em, and toss ‘em aside.)
“—that’s . . .”
@Kenny55fan
And on the strangest Sea -)
“Huh?”
They shook hands.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Time to revolutionize body armor technology!
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Do you maybe—Uh. How would you feel about telling the team we’re dating? I mean—that we have been on a few dates?”
Steve stood up a little straighter.
Tony glared.  “I’ll stand, thanks.”
“Sure.”  Tony shrugged.  “And I’ll go over the security stuff and whatnot when the ninjas get here.  No sense repeating myself.”
But, Tony realized (feeling like a fool), that hadn’t stopped him from hoping he’d reach subspace anyway.
Clint tossed his towel in the basket.
“That’s different!”
Hope you enjoyed this longer-than-usual chapter!  Thanks for joining me!  And extra thanks to everyone who has said hello! Your thoughts and kind words are cherished.  :-)
“But you’re all right?”
Tony padded over and handed Pepper her favorite, green tea with jasmine.  She let out a little hum a surprised.  “Thank you.”
“I knew it! You
“Call incoming. Ms. Potts, sir,” JARVIS announced.  Tony paused.
Tony blinked, heart pounding.
Tony saluted. “You know me so well.” A pause. “So, hey, should I have JARVIS call and set up an appointment?”
“Get away from Mr. Stark, NOW!”
Tony waved it off and pointed to the notebook. “So, what’s all that?”
Pepper gasped.  “Shit.  Wait, does that mean that Captain America--?”
When Tony finally surfaced, there were twelve training bots ready to take out to the ranch. He’d really been in the groove and—once all the details had been worked out—it hadn’t actually taken that long to put the finishing touches on all the old skeletons. It was soothing, pleasant work. He hadn’t gotten to the Stark Industries tech yet, but there was lots of time. Besides, who could say—maybe R&D would actually come up with a worthwhile upgrade on their own this quarter. (Anything’s possible. In theory.)
Steve grabbed his wrists and pinned them hard above his head, crushing them into the wall, powerful and inescapable and
“Dummy! Get over here.” Dummy obeyed eagerly. (What? He can ascribe adverbs to his bots if he wants to…) “Yeah, good boy. Let’s check you over, ok?”
Tony could feel people looking at him—maybe even staring—but it didn’t matter. He was fine. Better than fine—he was Iron Man. An Avenger. The new improved Tony Stark.
“Pfft—not that!” Jerry waved Rogers’ words away. “Stark! What happened? And how much was in the pot?”
“Mmmm,” Steve mumbled, running a warm hand up Tony’s back.
Tony let out a disgusted noise and shook his head, then flopped back down onto the couch. “They may have gotten an extra ten minutes of screen time in the new movies, but it was at the expense of their fucking dignity.”
Steve fell back into step easily, pivoting as Tony directed. Tony shot him a grin and said, “Here, let me spin you!”
sent you out there.”
—to hear that the only sub under consideration didn’t make the cut.”  He gave Romanov a deadly look and hissed, “You know, after a totally unbiased and transparent revision process.”
“No, you may not,” Tony interrupted.  “Call him.  Stat.”
Tony slid carefully from under Steve’s arm, trying not to wake him. He had a quick piss and washed his hands. Away from the furnace of Steve’s body Tony quickly went from overheated to slightly chilled. The arc reactor cast a blue glow around Steve’s bathroom and lit his reflection in the mirror; the wan blue-grey light highlighted every crease and wrinkle at his brow, his eyes, his mouth. He looked old. Tony frowned and the lines went deeper.
“Not really,” Steve said apologetically, “but I could make more.”
Tony mentally calculated his chances of being left in the workshop undisturbed.  The odds weren’t in his favor—he felt pretty certain that Bruce would come get him if he lingered—though maybe the odds would tip if--
Bruce had his hands wrapped around a steaming cup of smelly tea, still huddled deep in his giant plaid bathrobe. Clint had made the rest of them hot chocolate with way too many marshmallows.
to just sit around while you train. Pepper could use the help, I could use the change of scene, and you can tell me when I’m out of the doghouse.”
“It’s not the same. I should have come in person.” She shook her head, lips twisting a little. “I didn’t know what to say. There’s no Hallmark card for when your friend throws himself on a grenade to save millions of lives.”
Tony nodded his wholehearted agreement.
The bartender automatically handed Tony champagne, and turned to ask Rogers what he’d like. Asshole. Tony slid the champagne away. “Scotch,” he ordered, “neat.” Tony thought his eyes flicked to the Captain for a second before making Tony’s drink, but he wasn’t sure.
“Fine,” Clint said, then turned to Thor.  “Sorry, buddy.”
As soon as he got out of the shower, Tony went to his workshop.
not going to hurt me.  And it would be good training.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course.”
Tony took a moment to catch his breath again.  He swallowed.  “Yeah, but just so we’re clear, I’d rather hear you telling me to ‘use the force’ than put ‘phasers on stun’ because as we know
Tony blinked and stood up, Belgian ale forgotten.
“I’m well aware of that,” Carmichael said, her smile never wavering. “Hulk actually tests surprisingly well with certain demographics, when given the right presentation, and your reputation as a scientist is consistently well-received. Of course, the public is still fuzzy on the connection between the scientist Bruce Banner and the Hulk, so we’ll need to control that revelation very carefully. If you choose to remain on the team.”
me take care of him, but wouldn’t
“I’d just ask JARVIS to keep an eye out. So I could avoid you,” Tony said. He gave a vicious smile. “JARVIS is always watching you for me.”
“Oh,” Pepper said, looking a little uncertain. “Oh dear. Maybe I should call Katie and Michael . . .”
Tony’s lost his train of thought.
Not the best birthday present for Steve, but . . . uh . . . here it is!  More fic!
Natasha nodded in agreement.
Steve fetched two beers from the kitchen and hurried back to the sunroom. Tony had moved from the armchair to the couch when he got back. Steve delivered Rhodey’s beer, then took a seat close to Tony. (Not
“Fancy prep school. I also know Ancient Greek.” Tony shrugged. “But anyway, who’s ready for a movie? Because I found a documentary about cats in Istanbul and it looks awesome.”
Deep breath. Tony swallowed.
Belford looked surprised for a split second, then delighted. He drew his shoulders back. “With pleasure,” he said.
(Wow. 17% . . . this whole time.) Tony shook his head still laughing. (Well, that’ll teach you to go snooping . . . )
Thanks for sticking with me!
“Already?” Tony said in mock surprise, as Dominick pulled up a new slide.  “That was fast! I’m amazed you could make PowerPoint slides while Captain America was talking.”
St. Michael’s was beautiful in the late afternoon light.  It wasn’t the oldest church or the most majestic, not by far, but there was something cozy about it. Like a humble country church nested in the big city.  Steve had even drawn it a few times, just the architecture, in clean simple lines.*
(I fucking love you.)
“JARVIS?” Tony called.
Rogers smiled.  “Really, it’s all Dr. Banner’s doing.”  He reached out for a piece of naan and passed the basket to Tony.
“Dunno.” Tony shrugged. “Not being an orientationist piece of shit myself, I find it pretty hard to imagine the mindset.” He said it jokingly, but Rogers didn’t crack a smile.
“It’s not a bow: so awkward.”  Clint shrugged.  “But fine.”
“Okay,” Steve said. “I just thought they might be special.” He hesitated, then began softly, “Tony, did these belong to your—“
(Focus.)
Tony spun in a slow circle, taking it all in. He wasn’t sure if he’d ever looked at the whole thing at once before.
that they were exchanging gifts.
Steve kissed his inner thigh.
“Okay, J,” Tony called. “Video call to Rhodey.”
Steve came hard into his hand, shuddering and panting with the force of it. He let the fake cock fall from his mouth and leaned shivering against the bed, still rocking with the aftershocks and panting.
“Knees,” Steve gasped.
“Yeah,” Tony breathed softly, lifting his hips so Steve could pull off his pajama bottoms.  Steve flung them on the floor, then quickly added his own pjs to the pile, before turning his attention back to Tony.
“Tony, wait.”  She didn’t say it loudly, Rogers and Barton were just in the other room, but she said it
Steve, who had already started to sit down, stood up. He cocked his head. “Would you like to?”
for Stark Industries’ use?”
“Oh fuck, Steve,” Tony murmured against his hair.  “You’re like a force of nature.**  Jesus!  Are you trying to kill me with sexual pleasure?  Are you an incubus?  God, you’re amazing . . .”
“Well,” she said, “I have mine.”
Push, pull.  Push, pull, a little harder.
“This I can do.”
Steve shook his head, acknowledging Tony’s point.  Tony waited a few moments to see if he might follow up, but Steve just looked at him expectantly, so Tony went on:
Tony held his hands up and took a tiny step back. Bruce’s eyes went wide, horror replacing anger. Bruce turned back to his desk and dropped his face in his hands.
“Cap’s floor, JARVIS,” Tony said frowning, then remembered his manners, “Oh, uh, ask him if I can drop by, would ya?”
Tony was pretty sure that Clint and Natasha were humoring Bruce, but he couldn’t actually tell.  Which made sense, since, duh—spies.
But now it was 7:30.  Steve launched himself from his chair and, unwilling to stay still for the elevator, pounded up the steps from his apartment to Tony’s penthouse.  JARVIS unlocked the doors for him automatically as he moved from floor to floor.
“Of course,” Steve said with an easy smile, putting the skillet in the cupboard.
“Bruce said
He closed his eyes and tried to nod off.
From the corner of his eye, Tony could see the old man at the bus stop was holding up his phone.
“No, you wouldn’t have,” Tony said softly.
Tony glared.  “First of all, it’s not just any ‘old stuff.’  It’s got Marilyn Monroe, Jack Lemmon, and Tony Curtis.  Enough said.  But second of all, we showed Steve
Clint yawned.  “Let’s get out of here.  I’m bored as fuck.”
Tony pumped his fist.
“My pleasure,” Cap said with a little smile.
He still wasn’t sure.
“Fair point.”
“Mmmm,” Steve murmured and started to settle back into the bed, wanting to reach out and pull Tony down against him, but the water had helped wake him up a bit and . . .  something wasn’t right.  Steve blinked.  Tony—Tony’s expression was strange, blank and neutral, his body tense.  He looked like he was about to face a firing squad, unwilling to give anything away.  Steve shivered.  It was a horrible image.
good for you.”
Once they stepped into the elevator, Steve leaned back against the wall, closed his eyes, and let out a shuddering sigh.  Tony reached out uncertainly and wrapped Steve in his arms.  Immediately, Steve pressed his face against Tony’s neck breathing deeply and slowly.  Tony stroked Steve’s back for several long moments.
Steve moaned around Tony’s dick and pulled back to lavish attention on the head, circling it with his tongue, then sucking and caressing it with his lips.  Tony cried out.  He grabbed Steve’s head and thrust with his hips, forcing his cock deep into Steve’s mouth again.
Tony felt off balance again. “You’re welcome?” He hadn’t meant for it to sound like a question. “Seriously, no biggie.”
“So, I take it that’s a no?” Rhodey prodded.
(“A scientific oddity.”) Tony nearly winced. (A lab rat?)
Good enough.
But it was fine.  Good.
“I meant Rogers.”
Steve found himself singing softly, in an undertone, an almost minor key:
The next day, Rogers sought Tony out to apologize.
. It wasn’t exactly the same, no of course not, but it was enough.
“It was good to see you, Tony,” Pepper said.   “I’m in town for a few more days.  Then it’s DC, Chicago, San Francisco before I’m back to LA.”
“Was that—” Bruce began, gesturing to Tony’s tablet.
Steve cleared his throat. “So,” he said, “I was thinking we could just spend the evening relaxing, maybe watch the next episode of
never at SHIELD! And not at high-profile events.”
And, yeah, that was kind of vague, but it was hard to put into words and God was
Tony swallowed. “You could tell me about him,” Tony offered softly. “Your best friend.”
Tony demonstrated.  At the top, next to “kinks” he added a post-it:
Her mouth quirked up as she said, “I like
(At least it was better than poison.)  Tony’s mouth twisted, half amused and half bitter.  (Italia’s reputation in that regard wasn’t unwarranted.)
Steve tried not to grimace. He resisted the urge to rub his cheek; it still sported the purple evidence of his last skirmish with some bullying beta.
What did it all mean?  The time Rogers delivered lunch?  Or brought him some coffee?  The omelet.  The smile. There was something not just gentle, but
script to me.”  Steve said it pensively, then added, embarrassed, “but I mean, I’m hardly an expert.”
After looking at him pensively for a moment, Tony set the tablet aside and kissed Steve, gently and sweetly on the lips.   (In the living room!)  Steve returned the kiss, then squirmed closer.  (More!)  He opened his mouth, but Tony pulled back and drew Steve down into his arms.
“Yeah.  I thought so too. I think the Captain
“Uh,” Tony looked at the portal data, “I’m actually still kind of in the middle of something. I think it may be a late night in the workshop for me. Go on up without me?”
Steve gave Tony
****************************************************************
(Tony’s in charge.  Everything’s good.)
Tony shivered.
“He’s roasting the turkey?” Pepper repeated, then laughed and shook her head. “Well, what could be more fitting? He is Captain America after all.”
Steve groaned and dropped his head in his hands.
Tony waved his hands. “You know, apple pie and the all American dream. Kids. Suburbs.” Tony was fumbling and he hated it. His voice turned exasperated without meaning to. “Isn’t that what everybody wanted back in the day?”
Tony strode into the common room at 7:43—(ha! just three minutes late!)—only to find it empty. He frowned and turned to examine his reflection in the mirror for any last minute adjustments. His hair was well styled, his goatee immaculate, and a masterful dab of concealer had obscured the worst of his dark circles (and nascent wrinkles). He
Rhodes made a face. “And, drop the ‘sir.’” He shook his head. “Can’t have Captain America calling me ‘sir.’”
“You mean that, right, pudding pie?”
(Huh.) The past few days had really flown by, packed full of:
Tony jerked up, startled. “What? No! It’s fine! Why?”
Tony noticed distantly that Steve had ridiculously large feet. They seemed large even for a man who was a solid eight inches taller than Tony. (Tony hoped very much that the saying was true.) Tony kneaded the smooth skin and thick tendons in his hands. (And he hoped to confirm his theory tonight.) Though he did love giving foot massages as an act of service, Tony didn’t have a foot fetish per se. That said, he felt like Steve had particularly beautiful feet. (And Tony was pretty certain he had an even nicer something else.)
“Yeah,” Tony said eventually, “It was fine.”
Tony headed toward the elevator, then paused to add, “Oh, and you guys can just leave the dishes.  The staff will get them in the morning.”  He called over his shoulder, “Good night!”
“Mmm.”
“So, hey,” Tony said casually, “You talked to Rhodey lately?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
. You have a real gift, Steve. And I am one lucky sub.”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed. Steve was glaring daggers at his bread plate.  “Hey, sorry I asked.  We’re on a date. So, no more work talk, all right?”
Tony forced a smile and made his way down the hall towards the sunroom.  He almost slowed his usual pace, but knew that would just annoy Rhodey, so instead he called, “Come on, honeybadger.  Keep up!”
“Aww, come on,” Belford said coaxingly, pressing up against him.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Steve insisted on buying dinner.  And he paid with *cash.* (It was adorable.)
“Thing of beauty,” Tony said with a grin, looking at their franken-device with relief. “Look-- you get started on another in case this one goes to shit. I’m with you, 79 looks best, but it still might turn out to be 33 in the end.”
Sorry for the short chapter, but I hated to keep you waiting and the next bit has been a struggle and now I'm off celebrating Christmas with my family.  I'm hoping to post the next part of what was going to be chapter 49 before my big interview Jan 7th (or right after) so although this was short I hope to have more sooner than usual.
Natasha patted him on the back and gave a sympathetic smile.
“Mmm,” Tony mumbled absently.  (Shithead douchbag . . . should hack in and have him CC Fury on the betting chain. . . . Nah, Fury’d probably laugh.  Maybe scramble the guy’s access card, let it malfunction and leave him in one of their interrogation rooms . . .)
“Oh!”
“Yeah,” Clint said. “I guess not. But—“ He hesitated. “Are we cool?”
Tony sat up and drank it with a little sigh of pleasure, taking stock of himself.
(YES!)
“So shall we watch
“Oh, hey, me too.”  Tony smiled.  (Reassurance!)  “It’s fine.  Rain check.  Definitely a rain check.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony said with a shrug. He rolled out his shoulders and stretched, then headed to the elevator. “No need for the hard sell. You had me at pizza.”
Steve relaxed back into Tony’s embrace. (Okay, probably pressing my luck here, but . . .)  Steve smiled softly at Tony and reached out to lay his hand over the arc reactor.
Steve swallowed, remembering the look in Tony’s eyes, somehow fierce and tender, as he’d given instructions, teaching Steve to take his cock.  He remembered Tony’s voice, rough and low, pouring out filthy praise that made his cheeks heat and his cock fill.  (
Bruce smiled.  “It’s a classic.”  He gathered Steve and Tony’s dishes.  “Glad you liked it.  Thanks for the chili.”
“I saved you some bacon. Because I’m nice like that,” Clint said, looking up from the paper. Bruce snorted into his tea and Clint added, “Bruce and Nat were gonna eat it all!” Steve let out an exasperated huff.
“For what?” Tony asked.
“Glad you could join us, Captain,” Natasha said, handing him his ration of snacks.
Steve continued more softly: “I know exactly how lucky I am.  Tony’s my best friend. He’s brave and kind and brilliant. He made it bearable here when I was struggling to adjust. And now that he’s--  That we’re--” Steve seemed to struggle for words and eventually just turned back to Tony and looked at him with that intense look of his--so full of tenderness and longing.  “I know exactly how lucky I am.”
Tony took Deetz’s arm. “It would be a pleasure.”
Tony tried desperately to fuck into Steve’s pliant mouth—wanting it faster, harder—but that strong, relentless hand clamped down on his hip and held him still.  (Yes.)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Would Tony actually say no to anything Steve wanted?  (Of course!  Well, probably.  Maybe.)  But if Tony thought it was a condition of being together?  Steve’s heart was pounding and his stomach dropped.  (
It was the sort of thing Jackie usually said with mock offense and an air of playfulness. Today he said it with uncharacteristic earnestness.
“No!” Tony hesitated. “Just . . . healing. Like me.”
“Of course I know that.”
The Captain smiles with a faraway look.
Tony tapped the arc reactor in the elevator.
violate my person again, JARVIS and a stable of lawyers will make sure you never see sunlight.”
“To the Avengers! And merry Christmas!” Tony proposed.
“Eewoo?” Steve said, puzzled.
As the episode came slowly to its idealized conclusion, Tony looked over at his team.
&&&&&
relaxed, curled up in the armchair. She looked like the very picture of relaxation. So maybe that’s why Tony looked again. And then again as the film continued.
(And if Tony felt a shameful little burst of jealousy, he tried to smother it. He could be happy for Rhodey. Besides, lovers came and went, and Rhodey’d never abandoned him.)
“No! No need. I’m here,” Tony protested. “I was in the groove and, well, I’ve gotten kinda good at ignoring JARVIS sometimes without really knowing I’m doing it. I just—see, the top thread kept breaking and it was driving me crazy, and then the bobbin was getting tangled all the time!”
“Sad. Angry.” Steve frowned then added, “But never violent. Not angry like that. Just . . . hollowed out. He loved us. But he never tried to stop. The drink. It probably killed him.”
“You do?”
“Isn’t that what they say about the army?  A lot of ‘hurry up and wait’?”
“Ok, sure. It’s not for everybody,” Tony said reassuringly. “That’s fine. It’s not required or anything. I just thought you might like—“
)  Tony’d felt . . .
“Before you go,” Fury added as he was leaving, “Hill would like a word with you, Captain.”
“Yeah,” Rhodey sighed heavily. His shoulders slumped.
“As a matter of fact,” Steve answered, “Jim just called me. But I get a feeling you might have known that.”
“Twenty-seven!” Hawkeye called into the com.
“Sometimes there were Italians, and I thought of Anna and Luca, and their family still in Italy. I heard one of them—a sentry—say, ‘
Tony realized Steve’s ears were a little pink.
“Yeah,” Tony said, nodding. His own eyes were prickling, thinking of Rhodey. “I know, buddy.”
Tony nodded.  (He just asked you on a date, stupid.  Everything’s fine.)  Steve bit his lip and a hint of a blush colored his cheeks.  (Oh, yay!  Bet it’s about sex.)
“Mmm,” Steve let out a little murmur and the sound of it went straight to Tony’s gut, hot and sharp. He rubbed his face against Steve’s thigh.
Tony laughed, not quite sure if Jackie was joking. Jackie tilted the salon chair back and guided Tony’s head to rest in the marble washbasin.
“He’s okay,” Tony cut in. “He’s going now. Don’t beat yourself up. But, yeah, Christmas—he’d like that.”
“JARVIS? Start another pot of coffee would you?”
Tony shrugged. “I counted you in and got a half pesto anyway.”
She looked down at him, three inches taller even when Tony wore boots.  Her voice was calm, matter of fact: “My orientation brought me to Ms. Potts attention and it was easier to pass her vetting than yours. Your guard was down around me because of her.”
Steve added, “I’ve been wanting to thank you. It was very kind of you to include me, Tony.”
“I’d like a New Yorker,” Steve said.  Tony sighed.  Pepperoni again?
Tony jolted as Steve caressed then lightly twisted his nipple.
There was no reason to feel disappointed.
(It’s okay.  Tony loves me.  We’re working on it.
"Yes? No? What the fuck is wrong with you, Rogers?"
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Steve was sitting with his knees a bit apart, so Tony had to spread his legs wider than before to sit on Steve’s lap.  It left his ass exposed to the air and made Tony very aware of his nakedness.
Tony sat cross-legged on the floor and grabbed his special tool kit—the one he only used on the bots—and tipped the little guy over. And now that he had something to keep his hands busy, maybe he could consult an expert about that other thing . . .
“No. I mean, yes,” Rogers said awkwardly. “That is, no you didn’t loose track of time; yes, the meeting is tomorrow.”
Tony nearly hit his head, startled to hear Rogers in his lab.
“Hey, JARVIS?  Give me the specs on SHIELD’s latest body armor.”
As always, thank you for joining me on Steve and Tony's adventures!  It's a privilege sharing this with you.
“Then, why don’t I fetch us some wine,” the King said.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Subs were allowed into the military now, sure, but they were still a miniscule percentage, rarely promoted and seldom in combat. The military did their best to keep them out of the press too, unless they were part of the medical corps—you know, something more befitting their gentle, pliant natures. If Fury was true to his word and put Tony on the team, he wouldn’t just be Tony Stark, the crazy untamed sub, playing hero in a tin can. Not anymore.
Tony was already on his knees; he could feel his cheeks going a little pink against his will.  He dropped his head down and to the side on instinct, then added a bit more softly, “I’ve always gone for brains, instead of brawn.”
“Oh,” Steve murmured softly. There he was, in black and white: sunken-chested, thin-faced and beautiful, looking at the camera with defiant eyes.
“I’m—I’m gonna loose it,” Bruce mumbled, shivering against the chest plate, “I’m more dangerous than they are. I can’t— I, Tony, I
Tony thrust again and ran his other hand up and down Steve’s back.  A tear escaped from the corner of Steve’s eye and rolled hot down his cheek. (Ah!)
Something was wrong. Cap
“Look,” Tony said, curtly.  “Let’s not do this.”
“Yeah, I guess.” Tony frowned. “Thomas Belford . . .” He hesitated for a moment, looking for the right words. “He’s a creep. Feel free to spread it around.”
At dinner things were oddly, comfortingly the same:
(Oh fuck!)
“Captain Rogers says it is flexible,” JARVIS answered after a moment.  “A button down shirt would be acceptable; no need for a tie.”
And was it just him or did JARVIS sound amused?
“I promise, Dr. Banner,” Rogers was saying solemnly as Tony approached the kitchen.
Oh fuck.)   Would Tony really get him a dildo?  Would he order Steve to practice working it down his throat?  Steve licked his lips.  It sounded . . .
“Duly noted,” Natasha said with an amused smirk. She was wearing a green strapless evening gown with a mermaid train (and his mother’s pendant nestled at her throat).
This chapter touches on issues previously dealt with in the story, especially so PTSD and harassment.
The King gestured for Tony to sit first.  As the warmth of the fire poured over him, Tony felt a flicker of gratitude. It was far more comfortable here.
“Yes!”  Tony blurted.  “Yes, please.”
“And no surprises, anybody,” Steve said sternly. “We’ve got a plan--everybody stick to it.”
“Ah!  Tony!  Tony, I’m almost—”  Steve bit his lip.   “Please, I want--”  He couldn’t quite get the words out.
“What do you want?” Tony murmured.
When she looked up, it was to smile at Steve, though she was clearly still tense as she joked, “So I’d be very grateful if you could convince all the super-villains of New York, Asgard, etc. to take a bit of a break until this is resolved.”
“Yeah.”  Tony left it at that, because he honestly didn’t know what he wanted to tell Pepper or what he’d been hoping she might say.  He’d never actually told her that Rogers had asked him on a date, let alone that Rogers might be making a habit of it.
“Ms. Potts,” Steve said, aiming for polite and worried it sounded, well,
“You won’t hu—“ Tony began again, but Bruce held up his hand.
Marseilles was the same as always—immaculate black and white décor and equally immaculate diners awash with sunlight while the fine china and crystal tinkled all around them.  It sort of made Tony want to knock something over.  Or set off his alarm and let “Back in Black” scream from his Stark phone.
“Can you . . . can you teach me how to not gag?  So I can—“  he buried his face against Tony’s shoulder.  (Say it!  He likes it when you say *things* to him!)   Steve whispered into Tony’s ear, “I want to take you deeper.  All the way down my throat.”
They stood smiling at each other across a crowded ballroom until a beautiful brunet in a red gown touched Steve’s arm, drawing his attention away. Tony turned back to Harry.
me please you.)  He wanted to know that he was making it good for Tony, being good for Tony.  (
was his response to comments on youtube, Tony was glad he hadn’t mentioned the really nasty stuff, like routine death threats. Or rape threats. Or the coverage of the Hanson trial. (Then again, maybe Cap had already found that stuff too.)
“Pictograms?” Steve suggested. “They’re non-verbal, though I’m not sure it would do much without a common frame of reference.”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Steve shuddered again and breathed in deep as if trying to memorize Tony’s scent.
I'm really sorry I'm behind on answering comments--even if I don't always manage to write back, please know they mean the world to me (and I'll hopefully get back to you soon).
“All right,” Steve said, clearly still amused. (And clearly still humoring him).
When he looked up, Tony found Steve gazing down at him with awe (as if Tony had personally invented both orgasms and blow jobs, just for Steve).  Tony licked his lips and dropped his head, embarrassed by the intensity of that look.
“He’s proud, stubborn, and bad at picking his battles. Smart, but lacking common sense, so an ideal match for you,” Natasha said, raising her glass.  “He has a chip on his shoulder–poor, sickly, queer, how could he not?–but he’s brave and generous to the point of folly.”
Thanks so much for joining me for this strange little niche fic!
Thanks for reading!  I was eager to share more of this story with you! Comments are cherished and inspiring! If you had a favorite bit in this chapter I'd love to hear it!
“I’m lucky too,” Steve said, trying to put everything he felt for Tony into his voice and his expression, to give Rhodey a wordless promise he’d take care of Tony, love him, and never hurt him. “I’m so incredibly lucky.”
“It is 9:22 am on December 13
“You too.” He craned his neck to look up at her.
@duty2serve
“What did you think about, Steve?  When you fingered yourself.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony pried his face from the blankets and asked vaguely, “Steve?”
Nat stretched luxuriously.
Thank you for reading!
(But would he really say something? Tony had a certain reputation, and he’d made it pretty clear that he expected them to have sex. Steve had found it hard even admitting he was a virgin! What if Steve didn’t--)
Steve herded Tony into the elevator, half supporting him.
Tony nodded. “I think you must have bought out an entire toy store, though! No wonder wrapping has taken you a while; I was starting to wonder where you’d disappeared to.” Tony frowned. “But, hey, why are you doing all this down here? Why not set up at the dinning room table upstairs?”
Steve worked the dildo, licking and sucking, then very carefully let it touch the back of his throat and held it there. He didn’t choke.
(Should be enough . . . He was so close, why couldn’t--?)
“Great!  Take a load off.  The love seat’s ugly but comfy.”
“Steve!”
With forced calm—slow, deliberate motions—he left. He could hear Steve saying something, but he just needed to get out of there, get out of there
“Ah, sure,” Bruce said.  (After a moment’s hesitation.  Was that hesitation? Shit.) “Sounds great. Maybe after some sleep, though.”
What was he supposed to say?  What did he want to say?
Steve looked up with a smile.
++++++++++++
(Fanciful metaphors, Rogers?  You’re a soldier, not a poet for sure.  Better stick to sketching.)
(Damn.)
“So tell me!” Pepper clamored actually bouncing a little in her seat.  “How did it happen?”
“Why not?” Bruce repeated incredulously. “You’ve seen footage of the Hulk, right?”
(Well, Steve couldn’t disapprove
Tony snorted. “Yeah, no. I’ve got this.”
“I love you too, Tony. So much.” Steve took a sip of his own coffee. He was still giving Tony that absurdly besotted smile.
(Well shit.  He hadn't thought of that.)
“Shhhh . . . it’s okay. . .”
Bruce had gone to bed a few hours ago, but the rest of the team had stayed up drinking around the Christmas tree.
“What else is on the list?”
-------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \--------------
(See the end of the chapter for
“And do you trust yourself with him?” she asked more softly.
Steve caught his wrists.
Steve cleared his throat.  “I can’t believe Clint wanted to give you a shovel talk.”  Steve shook his head, frowning.  “And he thought everyone else would too!”
“Steve.”  He nodded as he set it down.
Steve leaned forward towards Bruce, resting his hands on the table with a concerned frown.
has to be and all the responsibility and all these techniques and the things you need to be careful of and the way you’ve got to keep a vigilant watch on the . . . the
“What is this shit? Aliens invade, you’re first on the scene, and I have to hear about it from the Pentagon, Tones?”
“So,” Tony asked, trying for a rakish grin and leaning his hip against the counter. “Any of that for me?”
Tony frowned.  He and Pepper had actually started hanging out again.  Not lots—Pepper wasn’t in New York lots—but some and it had been pretty awesome.  (Which was an amazing shitload of progress from last year’s “every time I look at you it hurts and I can’t stop seeing the way you recoiled from my ring and hearing you say ‘
, Pepper hissed in his mind.)
“Do we need to talk about you hacking the DOD again?”
“No, I’m expressing myself badly,” Tony interrupted, frustrated. “I’d like to give it a try because—“
it when people don’t wanna take my gifts.)  “Seriously, no biggie.”
His jeans were distractingly tight.
“Better than Belarus,” Natasha said. Clint grinned.
Tony shook his head and suppressed a smile.
(Oh thank God. That was more like it!)
“I should have been preparing for this,” Steve insisted.
“Oh, it’s fine,” Steve said. “I know your work’s important. I was just about to bring this down to you.”
“Mr. Alvarez,” Tony said, “I hope you’re still shopping for your wife.  I noticed her eying the sapphire ring on the silent auction table and it is Valentine’s day after all.”
“There are lots of ways to get wounded,” Tony said, finally summoning some of those phrases he hadn’t needed in years. (Phrases he’d learned for Rhodey.) “There are lots of types of wounds, on the battlefield and off. Pain while you’re healing, even chronic pain, doesn’t make you weak, no matter the type of wound.”
Clint grimaced at the tablet, took a long drink of water, then said, “I figured they’d pair you up with Nat—both minorities, you know?—or with Bruce, because scientists, or with me, duh. ‘Cause I’m the handsome one.”
Tony wasn’t the first to arrive. There he was in all his glory: Captain America, six-foot-two & eyes-of-blue, wearing a magnificent tuxedo, hovering and fidgeting in the middle of Tony’s living room.
Steve paced so quickly he was almost running, starting at one end of his far-too-large living room, rushing to the end, and then ricocheting away again.
He dodged and maneuvered around her as she answered with a grin, “Well, if you wanted to le--”
Bruce laid a hand on Steve’s shoulder and squeezed.
Steve had had no idea that so many considerations—size of rope, arm position, type of knot—could go into just tying his hands behind his back.  There were pages devoted to it, and safety cautions throughout.  Even untying him required safety warnings:
World-building . . . . possibly more than you wanted.
“Um, no?” Tony said, rubbing the back of his neck.
to Clint; Clint recited every line while Tony puttered on his tablet.
“That one girl, in the blue dress, she said, ‘Tell us a story about the war!’—like it was nothin’! Like it was some entertaining anecdote. And the others joined in with all these questions—‘What was it like?’ ‘Did you ever see Auschwitz?’—and then that big guy—Thomas?—he asked if I remembered the—“ Steve swallowed; his voice dropped. “--the crash. And . . .
The Captain looks lost for a second. He leans forward to whisper to Colbert, “What’s the Superbowl?”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(Ha! May not be super powered, but Happy knows what he’s talking about.)
But Steve had tied him to the headboard—in his ropes—so he also
“What about learning to make omelets?” Steve asked with a hint of a smile.
“I know.”
It was a low blow; Steve winced and looked away.
“Great,” he called with a grin. “Thanks, J!”
(Would it be so terrible? There was nothing--no one--left for him here . . .)
“No, sir. He seems unable to sleep.”
“Figured you’d need her quiet if we were taking her on a mission.”
“Grab a seat, Bruce,” Steve said.
“Yeah,” Clint said, holding out his hand.  “Good fight, Cap.”
(He’d kinda thought Steve might bring them lunch—it was such a Steve thing to do—but this was fine too.)
“Um, well, first I was trying to tell you that I’m gay, then that Tony and I are together, but I seem to do everything out of order.”
Slowly and awkwardly, half-leaning on Rhodey, Tony stumbled along to the elevator, then down the hall. (Why was his bedroom so far from the elevator, anyway?) They started to tip forward, but—
“Wait, wait,” Tony said, voice a little ragged.  He carded his fingers through Steve’s hair, then tightened his grip to keep Steve from moving forward again.  Steve knelt, hands bound, Tony’s cock still in his mouth, unable to move his head as Tony held him in place and continued talking:
“That’s the plan,” Clint said.  He grabbed two more slices and headed over to the gigantic expanse of patent leather.
“Vomit,” Tony said softly, activating JARVIS’ safety features on his cell phone, then he turned and said more loudly and very clearly, “I didn’t give you permission to touch me and I want you to stop.”
For the next few minutes, Tony was enclosed in the armor surrounded by the numbers and graphs JARVIS threw up.  Nothing had changed since last time according to the current scans, except of course Bob’s location.
Tony stood surrounded by dozens of glowing schematics. Usually when he discarded an idea he'd pluck the glowing schematic from the air, ball it up and throw it into the holographic trashcan to keep his visual thought-scape from getting cluttered. (JARVIS backs it all up anyway.) This time, he couldn't seem to make himself throw out a single possibility, even when it looked like they'd fail.
“I mean, after we shower, but—“ Clint shrugged. “Sure, why not?”
Tony clutched his tablet to his chest, heart kicking it up fast.
That was how it was supposed to work, wasn’t it? Meet the right Dom, a special Dom (the love of your life) and when you made love that would just fix things (you) and you’d find subspace, like Prince Charming’s magic kiss.
“Tony?” Steve whispered, a little louder than he’d meant to.
“No, really, we order Chinese food pretty often,” Tony said. “We can do something more traditional.”
. How could I possibly recommend sending you into emergency response situations in that state?  Into
“Cap makes brunch on Sundays,” Tony said.
, but Tony was shifting down his body, covering Steve’s chest in kisses and caresses.  Tony sucked his nipple and Steve jerked up off the mattress like he’d gotten an electric shock.  (oh God . . . fuck . . . please. . . ) Tony licked and played with his other nipple and Steve found it hard to breathe. It felt like Tony was everywhere at once, holding him to the headboard, sucking his nipples, caressing his hips, his legs.  (Tony . . . Tony . . . !)
Dedicated to MsSparks who has returned at last!  The internet was a sadder place without you, my dear.
(Shit! Christmas eve! Were we supposed to be doing something?)
Sorry--anxious writer still a little anxious....
(Shit, shit, shit.) Tony's heart was pounding and everything felt too loud, too bright.
The elevator ride felt interminable.  Steve wasn’t exactly sure what was happening, but Tony seemed content to touch him only at his wrist and Steve felt oddly unable to move.  He wanted to slam Tony into the elevator wall—wanted Tony to slam
Steve shrugged, giving him an apologetic smile.
like that. After last time, I thought ‘if I get another chance, maybe I’ll sub with Tony instead of topping,’ but now I see you and--” She shrugged and walked over to run her fingers through Tony’s hair.
“Tony, that’s ridiculous.”  Steve turned to fix Tony with an exasperated look which no doubt looked more besotted than chastening.  (Oh well.)  “You have to keep your strength up. That amazing brain does, in fact, need fuel to run properly.”
“Er, yeah,” Tony said with a grimace. “You should probably listen to Pepper on this stuff.”
“Uh, yeah,” Tony cut in and fidgeting a little. “I
“That’s ‘cause it’s a motorcycle.”
“Oh?” Steve said curiously, allowing Tony to turn them slowly to the right (almost) keeping time with the music.  (Apparently Steve and Sam had not been practicing the waltz.)
Tony frowned and bit his lip. He had work to do, but he couldn’t bear to wake Steve. And, really, he didn’t want to pull himself away from that warm embrace.
Tony cleared his throat and walked back to the console, eager to put some distance between himself and Captain America.  He waved the box at Bruce, then turned his attention (mostly) back to the scans flashing across the screen.  “The good Captain delivered it personally.”
Tony bit his lip and looked up through his lashes.  He rocked a little on his heels.  “I'm awfully flattered that you thought I could do something like that.  Me!  On a team with strong, brave Doms.  I mean, I'm just Iron Man; I couldn't possibly--”
Bruce shook his head, then asked, “JARVIS, is Steve okay?”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Steve came shuddering and trembling in waves of pleasure that went on and on as Tony swallowed and swallowed, fingers still moving in and out, and everythingwas so breathtaking Steve thought he might faint.
(Shit.)
“We talked about this,” she reminded him.
“Bruce!”
“I think I prefer Harris,” Tony replied, still walking. He picked up the pace a little.
Steve stood awkwardly in the middle of Tony’s bedroom for a moment, then shrugged and pulled his dirty clothes back on.  (Okay, really should get a robe up here.  Or maybe bring some clothes up?  Shit, no.  Too soon, stupid.  Don’t scare him!)  Steve swallowed and headed for the door.  He had just enough time for a run before training.
“Gladly.”
Tony gently tipped the cup to Steve’s lips for him.  The cords at his wrists were a tight embrace, his shoulders suffused with a soft ache; Steve felt helpless and dependent and wonderful.  He drank deep, surprised to find that, yes, he was quite thirsty in fact.
“Got it,” Steve said, leaning forward for a kiss.  “I love you. Go get ‘em, Iron Man.”
Pep flashed him her shark grin. “Oh, Natalie Rushman and I reached an understanding while you were in the hospital.”
Tony pushed his dick into Steve’s mouth, with fast, shallow thrusts.  He bumped the back of Steve’s throat, again and again, but didn’t push inside, didn’t choke him.  Steve was so relaxed, it took him a moment to realize that he hadn’t even gagged.  Everything felt good.  The filthy-wet sound of cocksucking was loud in Steve’s ears; he sucked harder and let out a muffled moan.
Leila’d seen them off with a brisk, “I’m so glad you enjoyed it, Captain; read your mail, Stark.” In the car, Tony put on the Old Timey Music Mix he’d asked JARVIS to make earlier. As he cut in front of a truck turning out of the alleyway, the band struck up. Steve turned in the passenger seat to gaze at Tony’s profile, humming along under his breath.
Of course, he’d hoped Steve might be ready for something more, but--
“Yeah,” Tony agreed. He took Steve’s hand. “It was my first too.”
.”  Steve glanced down, looking embarrassed, as if Tony might think he was bragging.  (Oh fuck, I love you.)
Tony’d designed the scene to prove a point, to show Steve how unmistakably he wanted all this.  And he did.  But to show that to Steve he’d let himself get swept up in it, let himself push harder, farther.  Because he did want it.  He wanted everything he’d told Steve and more.  Much more he realized— he’d had to choke some of it back before he scared Steve.  Or maybe himself.
Tony swallowed thickly and shook the memories away. (Seriously, what had Rhodey ever seen in him?) He’d burned the paper copy as soon as he got back to his room—and nearly set off the dorm’s fire alarms—but he couldn’t bring himself to delete the file. The optimistic little voice whispering ‘maybe for somebody else . . .’ somehow managed to win against the clamorous shouts of ‘if Rhodey doesn’t want me, nobody will ever want me’ and ‘I’ll never want anybody ever again!’ After all, he told himself he could always delete it later.
(190.)
“I had to sic Title III on him.”
Agent Jerry Bush leapt to his feet and sing-songed with a flourish: “All hail the conquering hero!”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Shhhhhh!!!”
“Hey,” Steve said with a little smile as he stepped into the workshop.  Steve’s footfalls as he approached always seemed too quiet for such a big guy—super-soldiers were designed to be graceful and stealthy, apparently.  Or maybe Steve always had been. . . .
“It’s spiking!” Bruce said urgently.
,” Bruce said with a shrug, then shook a finger at Tony, “No reciting the dialogue though!”
Tony’d let Pepper rant her way through a stiff double scotch then, when her familial duties drew her away, hung up and rejoined his team. They had assembled in the living room to drink Natasha’s poinsettia cocktails and wait for Steve. Not that they
Pepper swallowed. “You closed the portal.”
Steve blinked with surprise.
“How was the Safehouse?” Pepper asked.
Steve bit his lip and hovered.  (I really should go.  I don’t belong here.)
At the place his neck met his shoulder right above the collar bone, Tony had a dark purple bruise where Steve had marked him. Tony caressed it with light fingers then pressed down, feeling a pleasant soreness. He closed the door tightly and raised the (far more flattering) bathroom lights a smide. Tony turned to look over his shoulder at his reflection. There were no bruises, not even speckling, on his back. It was disappointing, but he’d never bruised easily and floggers weren’t really designed for it anyway.
Cap nodded and returned his wallet to his pocket. “All right,” he said, smiling again. “I’d like that. Thanks, Tony.”
“And can I get a color?”
Little by little, Tony’s heartbeat slowed to normal again.
“Right. Of course.” Tony nodded. “Totally on it.”
“What’s he doing here?” Stark asked her flatly.
“Tony?”
. . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“What are you wearing?”
Thanks for continuing to read this!  Hope you liked it.  ;-)
“Tony?  Are you at a stopping place?” Steve asked.
“My God, you’re perfect,” Steve said. He tipped his forehead to Tony’s and promised, their lips close together, “I’m gonna be so good to you.”
Steve smiled and sped his steps.  He wanted to go home.  (Home!  It actually feels like home.)
Tony smiled, and looked up as he said, “I had a date last night.”
“Hey, JARVIS?  Where’s Bruce?”
“Not very convincing there, Steve.”
Across the room Tony saw a flash of bright blond hair, broad shoulders, and pale skin. But, no, of course that man was a stranger. Tony wandered closer and with every step the differences became more apparent: he had the air of a perpetual body-builder, his neck fully the width of his jaw; his voice was loud as he spoke to a little cluster of subs, his tone thick with the braying machismo Tony’d always deplored. His eyes were dull.
Where had Tony gone?  What was taking him so long?  Did he like the idea of making Steve wait?  Just leave him kneeling there, at his command.  (Mmmm.)
(Huh.  “Subspace.”  Okay.)
“I’d feel better if we’d gotten more data before it vanished,” Bruce said.
There was something tense and heavy in the air. Tony tried to dispel it with his usual flippancy.
Tony threw his hands in the air. “By Steve Rogers?
It was hard to believe that she’d been younger than Tony was now when she’d died in the crash. Only thirty-six.
“But, like you said, I’m taking you on a date,” Tony said. “So, why don’t we put these in some water and—“
Tony nodded, then called over his shoulder to the team “Pizzas in the kitchen—help yourselves!”
“I don’t get to see?” Tony asked with a pout.
play poker.)
Steve looked at him for a long moment, then added, deadpan: “Also, Han Solo’s kind of a dick.”
Thirty minutes later, Rogers called from the doorway a soft, “Mr. Stark? May I come in?”
“So what?” Tony said, with a shrug. “You liked me—we were training and you, what . . ? Got a little turned on? There’s nothing wrong with feeling that way. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
Pep stepped aside as Mrs. Rhodes approached.
“Say my name,” Steve ordered, his voice a low seductive rumble.
“I’m right here,” Tony murmured. “You’ve got me. . . All yours.”
Happy holidays and a joyful new year to you all!
the idea of you.  What a pair!”
He tipped his head back and forced his eyes open, one then the other. The eyedrops were cold. (Ugh. Hate doing that.)
care about PR, okay?” Tony said emphatically, trying not to let his frustration show. Rogers’ hands clenched his coffee cup so tightly Tony wondered if it might shatter in his grip.
----------------------------
“Oh, no, I—“ Steve began, starting to get up.
“Did you have any plans for us after Piaci?”
It was odd.  Bruce was a great guy and, sure, he’d flirted with Bruce a little just for fun.  Tony did that with everyone though.  He’d never actually been interested in Bruce sexually and he was pretty damn sure Bruce was straight anyway.  So what was it . . . Was it that they were both scientists, both a little broken?  (Humph.)  That thought made Tony feel resentful on both their behalves.  And Pepper had seemed so sure!
“I so enjoyed our conversation earlier, and well, uh—“ Harry adjusted his glasses again needlessly. “Dr. Banner was just telling me about Villani’s work on the Boltzmann equation and I’d love to hear your thoughts. Perhaps you’d like to join me for a drink? They serve really wonderful cognac at the Spirit Lounge just a few blocks away.”
(Are the Avengers subject to snap inspection? Does Avenger’s Tower count as being on base or a private home? Shit.)
“Ha ha,” Tony said. “Next thing you’ll be saying you want to pay
—SM— is the only reason I want him, the price of being together?  Would he actually say no then?)
“Back me up on this, Tony!”
a Captain America fan.)
Hope you enjoyed this weirdo thing anyway,  And, for what it's worth, I think it'll be a series.  (Like, one with actual sex! And a plot!). So, if you'd like to feed the muse, please drop me a kind word.
“Stay at the Tower with me?”
So far the night had been a tremendous success.
Tony was nearly forty, for fuck’s sake! He oughtta be able to hold his liquor by now. (After all, he’d had lots of practice.) And for Steve who was, shit, like fifteen years younger, to be hauling him to bed . . . that was just ridiculous.
“They’re well engineered,” Natasha said, looking at her launcher approvingly.  “Though I prefer a knife over a net and spear.”
“Because you’re a very suspicious Captain?”
“—and the guns say, ‘I mean business.  I will blow your shit up!’”
for the military without looking at it carefully.) He was vaguely aware of Lieutenant Johnson talking in the background: something something really honored something something workshop something Avengers something. Tony signed with a flourish and handed the paperwork back. He was eager to get War Machine into the workshop, though oddly reluctant to see the damage up close. (Rhodey's fine. You saw him. Really, he's just fine.) Tony brushed the Lieutenant aside and took over the handcart.
“See all those patterns that look like Celtic knotwork or abstract arabesques?  That’s actually really intricate calligraphy, usually verses from the Koran.  Uh, you probably already knew that though.”  Steve peered across the restaurant at a beautiful panel.  “That one looks like a
Spoilers for Little Miss Sunshine.  (If you haven't see it, go now!  So good!)
That soft little smile was threatening to bubble up at the thought of it—
“Well, I’ll be damned,” Tony said, frowning as he looked at the results on Bruce’s tricorder.
“JARVIS?” Tony said, heart pounding. “Shift two of the mini-orbiters to scan that thing.”
Tony caught sight of Steve.  He was standing in the doorway to the garage, deep in conversation with Maria Hill who had a hand on his arm as if holding him in place.  He was frowning.
It was the Sexual Ethics section of the Employee Conduct Module.  The one that gave absurdly obvious, boring, and PC advice on how not to sexually harass your co-workers, then had a “quiz” with things like :
“Tony?”
“If I’m upset,” Steve mumbled, mind still a little hazy with arousal.  He shook his head to clear his thoughts.  This was important to Tony.  He answered more decisively:  “I use it to communicate distress to you quickly.”
Steve slid across from her in the small corner booth near the window.
And nothing humiliating or degrading.  No surprises there.  Steve Rogers hated bullies and it didn’t seem like behavior he’d be able to separate even in a sexual context.  Steve had been humiliated and degraded by bullies enough in his life.  Tony’s heart seized a little at the sight of the “X” for “HARD LIMIT” by “medical play.”  Tony felt a swell of protectiveness and tenderness so intense and sudden it nearly frightened him.  (Calm down, stupid.  He’s fine.)  He took a deep breath.
(He really wants to be friends.)
“Ewoks?”
(Actually, the ‘Tony doesn’t like eggs’ thing was a big misunderstanding, but--)
Warnings: sexism, orientationism, and ableism, but if you've made it to chapter 30, I doubt that will surprise you in this world…
Tony and Jake shook hands.  “Nice to meet you.”
“Captain Rogers shows no overt signs of distress, sir.”
“And I’ll give you a present on January 7
Tony hesitated for a moment, then nodded.
“Doesn’t mean he can’t be contained,” Bruce said, urgently, “Between my chemical knowledge and your engineering genius, we—“
(Shit.  Did you not read about this stuff?  Huh.  That could explain a few things.  And cause problems. Ah, shit.)
. . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A text message popped up on Iron Man’s view screen.
“Ridiculous! I have excellent workshop safety protocols. Ask JARVIS.”
“No theft necessary,” Tony said. He reached across the table for Steve’s hand. “I’m pretty sure he’s eager to kiss you.”
Tony grinned.
One by one, all Tony’s buttons came undone; Steve stroked his shoulders as he slid the shirt off.  When Tony looked up through his lashes, he saw Steve’s eyes fixed on the arc reactor. He didn’t touch it—of course not, that was in Tony’s contract—but he looked and opened his mouth to say something (no doubt something kind and reassuring).  But after a moment’s pause, he shook his head and leaned in to kiss Tony again, hands mapping the bare skin of Tony’s back, shoulders, arms.
“Steve’s never seen it,” Bruce added.  “We’re watching it after dinner.”
“Well, I came up for coffee. Got work to do and stuff.”
“Or Dubai!” he answered and they both laughed.
Tony kept fiddling with the fancy coffee machine, wrapping up cords and wires, rambling on:  “’cause I really should have a back up.  Coffee is sacred.  Sacred!  And, seriously,  next time Dummy does something like that I’ll use him for scraps.  Or donate him to City College.  It’s cruel and unusual to force a man to go more than a hundred yards for coffee.”
JARVIS didn’t answer, but his phone started making “beep-beep-pew-pew-beeeeep” noises.
“But—”
“Thanks.  They—Some of what they said made me pretty mad.”  Bruce grimaced.  “Do you ever get the feeling they enjoy playing with fire around here?”
“It is no problem,” Thor said seriously.  “We shall watch this third Terminator movie some other time.  I am happy to see the comic film Bruce has suggested for us.”
“I’m flattered, really I am!” Tony said, tone snide. “But if you think that I can build a containment unit strong enough to withstand the Hulk
“Sorry, Pepper,” Tony said as Steve approached the workshop doors. “Do you think I could call you back?”
“Shhhh,” Tony murmured, reaching down to caress his neck.  “Easy, easy.”
“Little busy with the main boss, Cap!”
“Excuse me, Mr. Stark,” the agent said in a smooth alto. “When you’re finished with your lunch, Directory Fury would like to speak with you in his office.”
“No,” Tony said, mock stern. “If you’re going to look at me like
“I’m still sorry I wasn’t there in 2005,” the Dom said with an apologetic smile, as if Tony had missed out. (The Dom’s teeth were unnaturally, synthetically white.) “My brother was there, though. Said you were magnificent.”
“Well, there you go.  He belongs in R&D!”  Tony unscrewed another tiny plate.  “Seriously, though.  He’s . . . moderately competent.  Which is high praise!  And what do you mean I’m hard to talk to?  I’m handsome and charming and--”  There was a loud noise coming from the emergency staircase.  (Huh.  Weird.  Sounds a bit like . . .)  “Uh, and I’ve even been told that I’m--”
“Looks fantastic,” Tony said, washing his hands at the kitchen sink.  “Did you learn this in Home Ec?”
“Like a virtual training ground?” Tony asked.  “Sure.  Give me a little while and, yeah . . .” Tony frowned in concentration, running some mental calculations.  “I could probably program it so you can design the modules yourself, Captain.  Well, with JARVIS to do all the actual coding.”
“I think I won that round, gentlemen,” she said quietly and slid down the rope to land gracefully on the floor.
“Saw the bouquet in the shop window and simply couldn’t resist?” he asked, a little teasingly.
But it wasn’t one—there were ten.
normal. That’s the point.) “I wouldn’t trust a SHIELD therapist either, even if they’re legally required to keep everything confidential. But honestly, if you do want to see someone—a doctor I trust—I just think it would help.”
“Any questions about the overall strategy?” Mikie asked. “We still have two days to make adjustments if necessary.”
“JARVIS? Tell Steve I’m on my way, would ya?”
There was a tiny dagger on his nightstand. Tony smiled and threw back the covers. Ten minutes later, he was scrubbed, dressed, and on his way to the workshop where JARVIS had coffee ready and waiting.
“So what’s your word, champ?”  Tony asked with a smile.  “Something you wouldn’t say in bed, okay?  Or as part of a normal sentence.  Er, a normal sentence in bed.”
And Steve’s smile changed at the mention of it, somehow softer and warmer.
With that, Bruce hastily fled the room.
(-- something like an airbag system? Nothing so crude, of course,--)
“Yeah, okay,” Rhodey grumbled. “But Miranda’s coming! Can’t that tempt you?”
“I’m sorry I—”  Rogers fumbled.  “Stop what?”
“Now Tony and Steve. Smile!”
“Nobody expected the force field to come back,” Tony said.
Tony huffed.  “Well if *this* is the reaction I get for punctuality, it won’t happen again.”
I'm SO HAPPY to finally be back!  At last, I carved out time for P&P and managed to get around all the stuff that made this chapter tricky to write.  I really hope it worked!  By now you are very familiar with my addiction to knowing which lines or bits you liked best and reading any ramblings or curiosities you might have in response.  (I may answer slowly, but I truly do love it!) Nothing feeds the muse like your kind words. I really wouldn't have been able to keep this up for nearly four years without you.
"What?  No," Tony said, urgently and a little too loud, "no, thank you.  For telling me about him.  Don't--"  Tony reached out and grabbed Steve's hand; he startled at the touch, but when Tony squeezed, he squeezed back.  "Don't be sorry. I'm glad you told me."
Bruce joined him ten minutes later.
“Pepper called you, didn’t she?” Tony asked with a grin.
“The apartment? It’s beautiful, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said, still looking a little off kilter.
“Mr. Stark, it's an honor to meet you,” Lieutenant Johnson said briskly. She looked a bit like Pepper, only blonde and in a crisp navy uniform instead of a crisp navy suit.
“Aye-aye!”
This chapter was a real struggle and it went through about six drafts which I gutted, scrapped, glued back together, then gutted again.  I really hope you enjoy the results!  *looks nervous*  Yeah.  So, if you liked this or if there were any bits you especially enjoyed and you wanted to take a moment to let me know, I’d really love to hear it!
>>>>>>>>>
(Ouph. That came out wrong.) Rogers was staring into his scotch like it was an oracle, but not actually drinking it.
“Sorry, Cap,” Tony said. “It’s gottta body con for practical reasons.”
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve whispered, voice rough. He caught Tony’s hand and raised it to his lips for a kiss.
“Mr. Stark, may I have the honor of calling you Tony?” Johnson was clearly aiming for polite, but impatience colored his voice.
“Uh, I mean, it’s really good,” Clint said.  He shoveled a huge forkful into his mouth.
He took a long, deep breath.  Then another.
“Mmm,” Tony murmured into the cup, then took a long sip. “Yay!” he cried, brain suddenly back online. “Pancakes! Cap’s making us pancakes and it isn’t even Sunday—man, you spoil us.”
“You have no taste,” Natasha told Clint, rolling her eyes again. “Steve, you’re an artist—why won’t you back me up?”
(The best.)
When he arrived it was late (or, depending on one’s perspective, early) so he didn’t call Pep, he just headed straight for the workshop. He’d left a bunch of silly little side projects lying around and figured they’d make a good distraction. (Well, okay, a full color e-ink touch screen was far from silly, but it was hardly inter-dimensional defense, was it?) A break from Avengers engineering might be good though. Just for a little while.
Tony stared at him, waiting.  He wasn’t really going to leave it at that, was he? Rogers just continued looking at him, frowning very slightly in what could have been confusion or irritation.
Tony walked to the elevator, rolling his shoulders a little as he went.  He felt better, not coiled so tight as before.
The tips of Steve’s ears went pink. He turned away abruptly, tapping his comm.
Tony clenched his hands into fists.
“Is this what your sudden Malibu trip was all about?” Pep asked, squinting at him.
Carmichael began with a broad discussion of Clint and Natasha’s divided duties between SHIELD and the Avengers. She informed them that, since the Avengers were going to have a media presence, the Agents would either need to conceal their identities vigilantly in association with the Avengers or cease work on covert operations. (Wow! REALLY?) Tony tried not to eye-roll obviously, but seriously? Where’d they find this “expert?” Brown? Or worse,
They jerked each other off, rough and frantic.  It was all too much.  Steve was gasping and panting.  He pressed his flushed face against Tony’s neck.  “Tony, please,” he whispered desperately, not exactly sure what he was asking for.
Tony was researching his latest idea for a gift for Steve when he heard a knock on the workshop door.
Steve rolled his shoulders a bit then yawned, covering his mouth with his left hand. Then he gave a bit of a stretch, reaching around to rest his arm on the back of the couch, half-draped around Tony’s shoulder. (But not obviously, or anything…) Steve held his breath. Tony huffed out a little noise that sounded like a snort or something. Steve knew he should stay focused on the movie (Sam sang, “A kiss is still a kiss . . . a sigh’s just a sigh . . .”) but Steve couldn’t help glancing over at Tony. Tony was looking over at him, giving him this sidelong look Steve didn't recognize.
“Yeah, man,” Clint said, “The internet is fucking obsessed with you right now.”
When Tony swam up from his next woozy drug nap, there was someone in his room.
You absolute morons. The real question is what does STARK want with some idiot meathead??? There’s NOTHING special about him except his willingness to let the military industrial complex shoot him up with an experimental and HIGHLY UNETHICAL magic serum!!!
(“And sings the tune without the words –”) Steve almost smiled. (Close enough.)
Tony dawdled on the stairs; Steve got the door.
As it turned out, Tony knew more about his art collection than he realized--though clearly not as much as Steve thought he should--and that he was more invested in it than he realized.  (Emotionally, that is, not financially--he always knew how financially invested in it he was. Monet’s weren’t cheap.) He’d also forgotten just how many of his pieces were at Pepper’s, something that had seemed to make Steve happy. And he didn’t admit that he’d bought his first Picasso just to piss of Justin Hammer.
“I can take a hint,” Tony said with a little laugh. “Time for a food break. I’m a little stir crazy anyway. How about we go for a hotdog?”
“Coffee?” Tony asked hopefully.
“Steve?” Tony whispered.
Tony’s jaw nearly dropped, but Bruce only chuckled a little grimly.
“Must be excited about
(Oh fuck.  You really want me to fuck your mouth . . . oh, god. . . )
“I know.  You want a partner,” Tony said.  “But if you’re going it alone . . .”
It had been
“Ah! Mr. Stark! So pleased to see you here,” said an elderly woman dripping in diamonds.
They sat for long, lingering moments, foreheads together, breathing in unison.
Many thanks to all the kind cheer leaders who have kept me going and above any other my amazing beta.  Where would I be without you, love?
The hatch of the quinjet opened and an overly bright light poured out.  Tony squinted.
Tony flopped down next to Bruce and gave him a reassuring pat on the shoulder. “Katie’s probably over the moon; she especially loves a challenge. Anyway, they’ll want to get a read on how you want your publicity to go—Mean Green or not—stat.”
“Boooop!”
Steve usually didn’t like Bruce’s tea, but he’d realized it was a little like Tony’s offers of alcohol—something to share, an aid to conversation.  Besides, Steve was committed to trying new things.  After all, he’d come to like sushi and how weird was that?
(Jesus, shitty apology much, Tony?)
“Okay,” he said softly.
(See?  Look how mature and sensible I’m being, and with nobody here to appreciate it. Terribly unfair.)
“Howard. I didn’t even think he liked me.”
*************************************
“Would you like some bacon?” Steve asked. “Or how about some fruit?”
“Dr. Banner,” the Captain said briskly, reaching out to shake Bruce’s hand, then turned to Tony and
“Be right there!” Tony called back.
Then Steve was sucking his cock in earnest, a wet hot slide, up and down, in a steady rhythm.
(A damsel with a dulcimer
“She’s amazing.” Tony gave a theatrical shudder. “And
“Sorry, what?” Tony called. “Can’t hear you over the sounds of
There was a lingering pause.
A mini-chapter in time for the holidays.
Inside the Carlyle, there was a band on the main stage, a silent auction to the right, and a giant Tiffany monstrosity for the ball drop. Tony blinked—he’d half-forgotten that this fundraiser was also a New Year’s Eve party.
Steve returned to his ministrations:
Thank you all SO MUCH for the kindness and support for this story. I am incredibly grateful.
“Tony,” Steve said sounding a little shell-shocked. “You ordered a
It was a glorious day.
(Oh, fuck that shit!)
That mourns in lonely exile here
“Gosh,” Steve said, as he watched Bruce pull off the bow. “I wish I’d realized we were exchanging gifts. I’m so sorry I didn’t—“
“The Safehouse Thanksgiving celebration—“
that if Rogers
talked.) Tony felt a sick swoop in his stomach. (Had Rhodey been hurt?)
“Well, the one I bought sucked!” Tony cried indignantly.
Tony laughed. “Okay, nobody is going to ask you about Clinton or Nixon or anybody else; as long as you can remember Obama is our current president, you’re fine. And your terms sound okay to me. Just remember ‘presented minority’ and hyphenated-American, if it comes up. Oh! And presented minorities have pretty solidly reappropriated ‘twink’ and ‘dyke,’ but given the origins and you coming from the 40’s, I’d steer clear just the same.”
“DUM-E,” Tony said, “It’s Dexterous . . . uh—“ (Crap!) “Dexterous Utilitarian Mechanical Extension.”
Again.
“Don’t we always?” Tony asked sweetly.
Katie Winters was too professional to sigh into the phone.
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” Bruce mumbled.
“I thought we were allies,” Steve objected when Natasha turned her aim on him.
Steve looked on with smiling confusion.
Rogers nodded with a pensive frown.  “It may be better to phase those out if we can anyway; having something for an opponent to grab hold of isn’t a great idea if we can avoid it. Maybe we should work on catch-and-carry a bit, if you have time.  My uniform doesn’t have a harness and I’m more likely to walk away from a bad fall than the others.”
Tony jolted back to the present.
“Yes!”  Tony squirmed, straining his neck to expose his throat.  “Steve, please . . .”
“I just—that isn’t normal, you know? People in the service, they swap stories. Good ones, bad ones.” Rhodey shook his head, then said more quietly, “Soldiers tell stories to each other, except when they
Now, how to move forward?  And what the fuck was he going to say to Steve?  Because they really couldn’t continue like this.
Steve shuddered.
(No—it was dumb to speculate.) Tony glared at his phone. (Why didn’t flower language have any conventions for syntax? It wasn’t a language without syntax—just a bunch of flexible bullshit symbols!)
“Wha— What are you--?”  Cap was stammering and looking at him with this idiotic, wide-eyed shock. (Like he didn’t know exactly what Clint meant by that.) Something about his pretty boy innocent act made Clint want to punch him.
Steve frowned and blinked, then rushed on his voice intense and urgent: “I like you just as you are. You know that, don’t you? I don’t expect you to change for—“
“Tony!” Steve stood frozen in the doorway, beautiful and awkward in his sharply tailored tuxedo. “You’re back.”
you . . . It’s your
Bruce took a long deep breath, then said, “Sorry. Sorry, Tony. I shouldn’t have . . . I’m sorry,” and began deep breathing exercises, face turned away.
“Mass is at seven,” Rogers said with a little shrug.  He took another sip of coffee.  Tony just stared.  (Mass?  Like
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s amazing,” he said, eyes bright. “It isn’t stiff like the old one.”
Tony didn’t wait for Rogers to reply, but heard him call, voice uncertain, “Have a good day!”
“Yeah.” Tony nodded. “It was especially bad after his first tour abroad; he was afraid to sleep. Still gets them sometimes.”
“Now, it’s a simple step—just mirror me and remember, stay loose and follow my lead. Got it?”
“I’m the lucky one,” Steve mumbled.
“Are you starting to get a feel for it?  Staying open, relaxing for me?”  Tony asked.  Steve nodded.  “You’re beautiful like this.  I can’t wait to fuck your throat, just like you asked.”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..  . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . .  .. . . . . . . . . .. . . . .. . .
Every time Tony tried to relocate his spectrometer party to the Tower, Fury would dick him around about bla bla proprietary data bla bla consultant bla bla.  Tony’d have moved anyway and hacked in for any information he hadn’t collected himself, but Bruce said he’d had enough trouble with government agencies, so maybe they shouldn’t do that, thanks all the same.  So they work on the spectrometer at SHIELD. Whatever.  It was fine— the SHIELD Doms left Tony alone, probably because they were all afraid of Bruce.  Well, all of them except—
Tony took a deep breath and tried to focus, isolate the problem.  Was it just the aggregate, or had he crossed a specific boundary he hadn’t realized, touched an unexpected trigger.  Had something reminded Steve of trauma from his past?  They sure as shit both had enough traumatic events in their pasts for that to be a serious possibility. . . But wouldn’t Steve have used his safeword?  Maybe he forgot his safeword?  Was he so deep he went non-verbal and couldn’t remember what he needed to do to get free?  But he could have pulled free easily—
“No! God, no!” Steve looked horrified.
“I was in some sort of quarantine, right?”
Steve climbed from the cab, still holding Tony’s hand, holding him close, as they went into the Tower and crossed the lobby.
He smiled.
“Yeah. I glanced at them.”
Tony finished his shower in pensive silence while JARVIS apparently talked to Steve.
“I love you, Steve,” Tony whispered, barely a breath.
“Of course, Tony,” she said.  (Something odd in her tone of voice.  Again.)  “Take care of yourself, okay?”
“You still okay, babe?” Tony asked.  Steve just sucked Tony’s fingers some more and let out a muffled little, “Mmmm.”
"The Stark's Prince Anthony is an alpha, as yet unwed so there's no risk we offend his spouse by sending you," Phillips went on, then added awkwardly, "Uh…. he's rumored to be quite handsome."
Tony smiled and breathed in the heady scent of roses and lilies.
thorough with his grooming. (He hadn’t visited Jackie in a while, so he double-checked and touched everything up himself.) He was very much planning to
I’m honored, touched, thrilled, and frankly more than a little astonished by the overwhelmingly kind support I’ve received while writing this.  Thank you all for the tremendous kindness and encouragement.  It really means the world to me.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Back off?” Cap repeated incredulously, and perhaps a little outraged.
“Fine.  You drive a hard bargain, Stark,” Natasha said.  “Cards the next night.”
“Sir, Colonel Rhodes is on the line.”
.  But apparently Pepper had a read on the committee, especially their founder and CEO Jacob Lang, and, well—things would probably go more smoothly without Tony there.
“Oh, okay.” Steve sounded disappointed. “Any special requests?”
Tony lost track of time, each heart-pounding minute bleeding into the next. The wail of sirens in the distance; orders and questions barked across the comms, clear and close.
This was kinda hard to write because, I discovered, I feel oddly intrusive when I depict Steve's religious life.  I imagine he'd be very private about that sort of thing.  Strangely enough, though, I *don't* feel intrusive when I depict his deepest sexual desires.  Uh.  That probably says something about me...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, STEVE!!!
“I forgive you.”
“So,” Tony said, “what time shall we go dinner? Seven okay again?”
“Count me in,” Nat said.
Tony spun the glowing schematic for him.  Bruce opened his mouth, brow creased, as though preparing to say something momentous, but instead he just shook his head and got out his reading glasses.
Steve turned to Tony, with his full on Earnest Face. “Tony, I’m sorry. I didn’t know— He, uh, I mean—“ He fumbled along awkwardly until Tony cut in, waving his hand.
“Sweetheart,” Tony drawled. “You just described a date.”
Something slammed down on the table-- it sounded like a shot.
Nobody was allowed to tease Tony for his obsessive tinkering
“Please tell me you didn’t get me a coloring book,” Tony joked. Steve shook his head, looking a little uneasy. “Oh, good! I’m definitely a building blocks kinda guy. But Clint seems like the coloring book sort.”
“Did she really?”
Tony was working on the armor when Pepper stopped by. Of course, he was still on bed rest and didn’t have any tools, but Rhodey’d taken the armor home and JARVIS was giving Tony the readouts on the damage. It would take a lot of work to get in the air again. (Tony felt almost grateful for that. Now if he could just get out of here . . .)
“That letter you were working on . . . Uh, did you ever send it?”
Rogers gestured to the schematics. “Still working on Bob?”
“I thought you liked trying new things!”
just fine and I’ve been indulging my boys’ obsession for decades now, so it feels like a holiday tradition at this point.”
“Of course,” he said, finishing his scotch.  “Forgive me, my dear.”
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said, running a hand over the blanket. Tony turned back to Bruce’s variations on Hypothetical 72.
“Did I . . . hurt you?”
“This 77 bolt is getting worn down, huh, Dummy?  Let’s just replace that, shall we?”  Tony grabbed a fresh screw.  “See?  Shiny and new.”
“He didn’t,” Tony insisted. “We were playing. It was tag. It’s obviously progress. Honest! Even Steve doesn’t think he was trying to attack me.”
“Yes,” Rogers bit out.
Bruce gave Tony a deer in headlights look, but Rogers just turned to him and answered seriously, “That I’ll make getting you clear of the Hulk my top priority if Dr. Banner ever has an incident.”
Steve smiled sweetly.  “And you’re the one who showed me the error of my ways.”
He found Steve waiting in the foyer, standing at parade rest. (He did that when he was nervous.) He was wearing a beautiful navy blue suit—not one of the cheap ones he’d bought before moving into the Tower and being set up with Tony’s tailors. It was classic but modern, with a hint of 40s traditionalism; elegant but not overwhelmingly dressy. (Michael Kors had really outdone himself. Then again, with a model like Steve, who wouldn’t?)
“I’m sorry for my behavior earlier, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said awkwardly.  “When I asked you to dinner, I thought you were single.  I didn’t know you were Ms. Pott’s sub.”
At least now the government had banned electroshock and aversion therapy. And you had to self-enroll and be over eighteen years old; parents couldn’t ship their kids off at twelve anymore, like poor Brittney.
“I what?” Tony asked heavily.
Pepper reached a hand inside the sleeve to manipulate the fabric.
“Kidding, kidding!” Clint said, hands up in surrender. “Anyway, are we shipping out tomorrow? Yeah? So, how about team pizza and movie night before we go. Last chance for proper New York pizza for a while. You two in for some team bonding?”
Tony turned and refocused on what Clint was saying.
“I’m fine, Steve,” Tony said. “Just tripped. No big deal.”
“So, here’s what I propose,” Tony said. “Why don’t you bring your drawing stuff down to the workshop? Or we can watch some more
Tony woke up in a strange place. The sheets felt wrong. It smelled wrong. JARVIS didn’t immediately greet him with time, temperature, and location. Tony remained absolutely still and waited for his brain to catch up.
(Huh? Oh. Oh!)
“So, hey,” Tony said, “I’m going to start building the devices soon, but first I’m gonna need some food. I was thinking Thai. You want Thai?”
“We eat breakfast at the table, lunch at the table, and dinner on non-movie nights at the table,” Clint pointed out.  “I think we can have couch-dinner this time.”  He turned to Natasha, “Hey, Natasha—beer me!”
(Oh God.)
(Steve’s in charge.)   The feel of Steve’s rope at his wrist. Hands on his skin. The sound of Steve’s breathing. Tony let out a long sigh.
Tony licked his lips and took a long breath. He knew it was true; he could feel the hot tingling in his cheeks, down his throat, across his chest, and that not-quite-humiliation of being examined and exposed.
Tony’s eyes were prickling, but his heart-rate was starting to slow down at last.
,” Tony insisted again. “Just not in a joining mood. But enjoy lunch. And tell Cap I say ‘hi.’ Now scram.”
“How are you feeling this morning, my love?”
Thanks so much for joining me!  I hope you enjoyed this chapter.  Sorry for the delay-- for some reason I found this chapter particularly hard to write.  Kind of a mellow chapter, but I promise a bit more dramatic 'oomph' in the next two! :-)
“No, don’t,” Tony said, swirling his drink around in the tumbler, watching it leave elegant legs on the edge of the glass.
a thirty pound turkey!”
“How is your work going?” Steve asked.
“Alas!” Sasha sighed dramatically.
Tony spared a moment to feel a little sorry for abandoning Rogers, but when he glanced over his shoulder he found the man was already surrounded by a little clutch of diminutive subs in ravishing evening wear. Yeah. Tony held in a snort—Cap would be fine.
Tony glared. “Is that judgment I hear in your voice, J?”
Pepper was smiling. “Yes. But I’m afraid since leaving weapons, we haven’t done much business with Macmillan.”
“More,” Tony pleaded, and to his great pleasure Steve complied, adding a second finger to the first, moving in and out of his body with exceptional care.
sorry. “You did great with the device, but the auto-adjust program would take too long. Be too unreliable too. I do my best work on the fly, you know, and this way I’ll have JARVIS.”
“Steve,” Steve corrected.
Tony swore.
(ARGH!)
"Write some slightly dark, filthy smut," I thought. "Super explicit!  Extra filthy! Not a lot of feelings and no plot or world building, ok?"
“Yeah,” Tony said, resisting the temptation to ask Steve about his mysterious reading. (Or forget about work and throw himself at the guy…) “Yeah, for sure. See you in the morning.”
“Can we get some Beyoncé up in here, JARVIS?” Tony called. “Gimmie some good primping music!”
Steve opened his mouth and tried to concentrate on doing the same with his throat.  (Open and relax.  Relax your throat.)
Bruce cleared his throat, then said loudly, “Looks like there’s lots of pasta! That would be quick and easy.”
“No! We watched
“Fellas used to give a set to their sub to wear when they went off to the front,” Steve explained softly as Tony lifted the battered dog tags out of the box. “I never had a sub to give a set to, but I used to daydream about the kind of fella I’d want to give them to. Someone like you.” Steve suddenly looked almost embarrassed. “Anyway, it’s really nothing. I just thought, well, maybe you’d like to have them now.”
“I am,” she said simply. She turned to Tony. “I brought my pastry cutter and all the other essentials for pie with me this time, but please tell me you remembered to buy butter.”
“But, you know,” Rhodey continued, “I didn’t want to cut in if you’d been planning something special.”
“You’re beautiful, Tony,” Steve told him. It did something funny to Tony’s stomach and he suddenly felt too warm.
“At least you’ve got Romanov, but she’s so cold! And it must really cramp your style, especially having the Captain around all the time. Not that he isn’t a good person and a great fighter—just, he seems pretty conservative. Judgmental.”
“No, it’s fine.” Steve shrugged. “They’ve probably got all the samples and statistics they could ever need by now and will be done with their study soon.”
He lingered a moment before turning and walking up the stairs to the penthouse. He didn’t have to look back to know that Natasha waited in the stairwell until he was all the way to the top.
Thanks so much for reading!  I did fierce battle with writer's block over the holidays.  Hope you like the results! :-)
“Is this a Cucina Paradiso recipe?”
“My God!” Steve exclaimed, taking in Rhodey’s crutch and sling and stitches and-- “Oh my God, Rhodey, what happened? Are you all right?”
Tony gave a manic grin and spread his arms like a carnival salesman: “Welcome to the future, Cap! There’s no place you can go that you won’t be tracked by someone.”
Back at the Tower, Steve walked Tony to his bedroom door.
“Number twelve?  Pear, goat’s cheese, and arugula?” Steve frowned. “Isn’t arugula a type of lettuce?”
