From far below them, Madam Hooch called for them to come down. The two friends exchanged a look before diving towards the ground, racing each other once again to see who could get there first.
Dean looked at her for a moment, a smile growing on his lips. "Sure. You can tag along." He grinned at Lisa. He and Lisa walked through the exit of the common room and out into the halls of Hogwarts.
A minute or so passed where Castiel just stood outside the small coffee shop. He eventually sees a slick, black car pull up to the sidewalk he was standing on.
Both Dean and Cas turn. Dean grins when he spots his little brother. "Hiya, Sammy. Miss me?" Dean asks, walking over to Sam and taking Cas along with him.
"Please don't do that again. I can't loose you too. You're supposed to always be there, you're supposed to be the one who never leaves. Please don't leave me." Dean's voice breaks.
The man who had just walked in was tall. Young, maybe in his twenties. He had a brown jacket on over a dark shirt. There was a small necklace dangling from his neck that had a single pendant on it. Castiel had never seen this man before. The angel watched as the man walked over to the serving counter. There was no one else in line so the man went right up to Castiel and flashed a smile.
"Spiritual things like this takes time. Plus Deano is doing this for the first time. Can't exactly rush it," Garth replies.
The worker who took their orders turned back to the others. "I've got a code 9-18," she informs the other two.
"Hey, c'mon, lighten up," Charlie told him, "This is going to be a fun school year. We're gonna learn and make new friends and just have a good time. Okay? Good." Charlie took a cookie from one of the plates in front of her. She looked at Cas and noticed that he didn't seem to believe her. "Are you okay?" She asks, her voice sounding more concerned than before.
When Cas was about half way down with his chores, his father called him out into the television room when he sat with a beer in hand and the tv on. Cas walked in, “yes, father?” He asks.
Charlie grabbed Cas' hand in a platonic, friendship way. "C'mon, we don't want to be late. I hope there's a costume contest going on because, oh man, you're gonna win." Charlie led Cas out of the Hufflepuff common room. The two of them walked through the halls of the school, Cas' wings spreading out a bit now that there were no other eyes around besides for Charlie's.
However, on the way over to Baby, something happened. Dean blinked and he and Cas were not in the street, instead they were in some sort of abandoned building. "Was that you?" Dean asked, looking over to the angel.
Cas started his meal with his head slightly hunched over his plate. Charlie was talking to him and he was only half listening to her. The pure-blood ate his meal a bit quickly, he was too nervous for his costume to eat much, so he didn't take seconds. Cas felt eyes on him and he looked up to see Dean staring at him from across the room. When they made eye contact, Dean looked away and turned back to his food.
Dean huffed and turned to Cas' dark figure. "Cas, is that okay? I'll only do it if it's okay with you." Dean said quietly.
The guy doing the zombie makeup looked over at him, his jaw dropped. "Dude, that's a hella good costume," he commented.
Dean nods. “Don’t feel like you have to show me this ‘side’ of yours, only do it when and if you feel comfortable enough, okay?”
Dean quickly looks over the instructions before pouring a bit of the lotion onto his hand. Dean’s hands travelled through Cas’ wings. The lotion easily sunk in, making Cas’ wings more fluffy and shiny.
Cas and Dean exchange a look. Neither of them would admit that they knew what she was talking about, but both had an idea.
Dan threw another, faster golf ball into the air. This one zipped around rather quickly. Cas focused on the blur that was moving in front of him and chased it, more focused than ever. He caught the golf ball in less than twenty seconds.
Slowly, more and more students poured into the Great Hall. Bobby left the kids alone early on and eventually left his shift.
The boy could only nod. "S-some of it," Cas said finally. His voice cracked in the middle of the sentence. He was still in pain and Garth still hadn't figured out why he was in pain, only that Cas had a tough few years of his life.
The angel's facial expression got a bit more worried. "It... it's Jack. Although, I guess I should really be saying that it's not Jack."
At breakfast the next day, Dean apologized to Castiel about not being there, saying he had been distracted by Lisa and forgot. This hurt Cas but he didn't show it on his face.
Teddy had been living with the Potters, since Lupin couldn’t watch over him and teach Hogwarts lessons at the same time. But Lupin didn’t choose his teachings over Teddy, Lupin believed that Teddy would be more safer with the Potters than himself.
Gabriel walks in. "I was able to buy this last time I was in Diagon Alley. It's a new lotion for wings, I thought Cas would like this." Gabe put the lotion down.
Opposite of them, on the other side of the table, Garth sat next to the centaur Firenze who teaches Divination, Professor Asa Fox who teaches Muggle Studies, Rufus Turner who teaches Ancient Studies, Donna Hanscum teaches art, muggle art is taught by Katie Bell who sits next to Donna, and then the Earth magic professor, Kelly Kline, then the music teacher Professor Boot and finally the ghoul studies teacher, a Professor Campbell who is a ghost.
The storytelling was interrupting when there came a knock at the front door. Everyone exchanged looks, as no one else was expected to arrive. Bobby stood up and went over to the door, glancing back at his guests quickly before opening the door.
With the presents all done, Ellen went to get the warmed up, homemade cinnamon rolls for the four boys as well as herself and Bobby. Once everyone was sat at the table, discussion for what the day would bring started.
The fallen angel walks over to his hunter. Silently, Cas looks Dean over his head tilting slightly as he does. Cas saw what everyone else saw. That Dean was broken. But Cas could do something no one else could. He could fix Dean, fix the hole in his heart. Castiel looks at Dean for a few moments longer before doing what Dean usually does and pulling the hunter into a hug.
Gabe looked over at him. His younger brother had to only be five at the time. “Why do you keep those out?” He asked. “Pops doesn’t like them one bit.”
Jody cut into the small cake and gave each of the three a piece also getting one for herself. Everyone dug into the cake. The cake has a simple chocolate flavor and the frosting is plain white. It wasn't much, but when hunters ever get what they deserve?
“I think you should try flying again,” Dean says after a bit. “It’s been a little while and here, you don’t have to worry about getting caught by your father.”
"Sure thing." Dean let Cas lead him away from the costume party. Cas led him to an empty classroom, Dean followed him a bit concerned and almost worried about what Cas wanted to talk about. "Cas?" Dean looks at his friend, ready to hear what he has to say.
The younger Winchester sighs. He reaches into his coat and takes out a gift wrapped item. He hands it to his older brother, "happy birthday, Dean."
Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Slytherin students were all cheering in the stands and watching attentively as the game begun. Colors of the two competing houses were all over. The Ravenclaw team played well and was a challenge for the Hufflepuffs, but the yellow-themed team did their best to stay strong.
Cas looked at the picture for a moment. The man in the picture glanced up from whatever he was doing and met gaze with Cas. The man's eyebrows furrowed before he looked back at whatever he was doing. Castiel shrugged and continued walking.
After some time, they finished up their small amount of food. Together, the two angels threw their trash out.
"Whoa!" Charlie exclaims. "Nice going, Cas! I'm so proud!" Charlie pats Cas' back. Cas pulls away from the touch on instinct but smiled at Charlie in thanks.
The cursed pure-blood stuck close to Dean, using the half-blood as some sort of protection from all of the unwanted attention. Dean didn't mind, he had to hide the half-smile that grew on his face was Cas started using this particular technique.
See, Dean was a wizard and this year, he would be going to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
Meg, Gabriel, Jo and Ash- who had been listening in- all turn their heads to see who Castiel had his eyes set on.
The charms Professor smiles. "Well, consider me excited and nervous to have you in my class. You seem like someone who could either get into a lot of trouble or will be a really well-behaved student. Or maybe both."
Cas nods. "I'm fine, Charlie. Just tired," he explains simply. It's the truth. Just maybe not the whole truth.
Castiel pulled his coffee shop uniform vest off and put on his trench-coat. His trench-coat is much more comfortable than the green vest he has to wear that has the "Harvelle's RoadHouse Coffee" logo on it.
“Hello, Sam, Dean, Castiel,” Bobby greeted. “Novak, this is my wife, Ellen. I want to assume Dean has told you about her?”
Castiel looked up from the floor and locked eyes with the Professor. "Wings," was all Cas managed to get out through his pain. The terrible feeling in Cas' back was getting worse and worse each second.
Dean and Cas stood up quickly followed by Sam. The three boys followed Sam into the kitchen where Ellen was using magic to set up the pie making. Ellen smiled softly at the boys when they entered understanding what they had just been asked about, while also knowing this would probably cheer them up.
When Cas Caen to and realized the pair of boys weren't alone, he instinctively jumped back in his beanbag chair, his wings being pulled against his back before disappearing. Dean made note to ask Cas how exactly he did that. Dean was still new to the whole wing thing.
The two boys walked into the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom together. Instead of the regular setup inside, the desks were all pushed to the side of the room and in the center of the classroom, a teacher's desk that wasn't Lupin's was there.
The pair of boys arrived outside and just like Cas had said, Charlie was outside talking to a brown-haired girl and they seemed rather close already. They walked up to Charlie and Dorothy and sat down. When they arrived, Dorothy looked up at them, before making some excuse and leaving. Apparently she didn't want to talk to Dean or Cas.
Garth glanced over at Lupin. "There... there are marks, scars, on this boy's wings. The marks are all old, so whatever happened, happened a long time ago. I'm no expert, but they look like a blade or a sharp piece of glass cut them." Garth paused. "Castiel, did you do this to yourself?"
Cas took a breath, his wings ruffling behind him. Now, he really wanted to find out if he was right. All signs were currently pointing to Dean, but there was only one way to find out for sure if the half-blood was truly Cas' mate or not.
Dean went next. From Sam, he gotten a small Walkman that he could bring to Hogwarts so he could listen to music there. He thanked his brother and opened his other presents. Dean's second present was a small box. Within the small box was a green bracelet. Dean had seen this bracelet before- Castiel had received it in the mail a few weeks back. Gabriel or one of his other siblings must have gotten it for him so Cas could give it to Dean. The Winchester smiled at Cas with a look of gratitude as he said the bracelet onto his wrist. Cas muttered something about how the bracelet matched Dean's eyes. The final present Dean got was an o je the he could already make out through the wrapping paper. Dean grinned over at Ellen and Bobby as he unwrapped the object to reveal a nice, slick, black broom. A Skysweeper 1967.
Donna sighs, "we'll get there someday," she says. Donna turns to Castiel. "When do you have some time off? You're a first year, so after lunch, correct? Maybe you and Dan can meet up and discuss anything else for Quidditch. Capeesh? Capeesh."
Cas had a panicked look on his face. It was the man who had chased his mother, there was no questioning it. Cas had never seen this man in his life before last night, so how could he have possibly known that he was suspected for the murder to Dean's mother.
"Herbology, Defense Against The Dark Arts, Potions and then Flying. I can't wait for flying lessons. I would fly around with my brother all the time when we were younger." Dean laughs softly, already missing his little brother. "That was until Bobby told us to stop or we were going to get caught and Bobby didn't want to deal with the Ministry."
Dean was planing to show Cas around the town when breakfast was finished. In fact, they were just about ready to leave when the doorbell rang. Almost immediately after the doorbell rang throughout the house, Cas' wings disappeared into thin air.
Cas finally relaxed a bit, believing that Dean was actually telling the truth. The deva really didn’t want another person he should have in his life up and leaving him.
For a moment, Castiel thought to how his brothers were celebrating the holidays. There were probably watching a couple Christmas movies and trying- and failing- to make muggle sugar cookies without magic. The Novaks were definitely not having a big feast like this. It was likely that the Novak siblings were just spending the holiday break by themselves and not seeing any of their friends. The Novaks didn’t really have any other family. Vicky Novak was an only child and both her parents were dead. Chuck Novak’s family was even worse than Chuck himself. Besides Auntie Amara, but AuntIe Amara was always somewhere else.
"Good. Now, everyone get into a line and we'll start. Remember, it isn't real and everyone has their fears," Lupin reminds them as the students shuffle to get into a straight line.
The strip bar is still there and it looked the same as it did when he and Dean visited it all those years ago.
Curious, Cas walks over to the note and takes it down. He reads through the note after seeing that its Dean's handwriting.
There's a nod from Cas. The deva looks down at the ground. Charlie takes his hand, making him look up at her. Charlie looks at Castiel for a moment before bringing him in for a hug, carful to not bump into his wings only being cautious in case his wings were super sensitive to touch.
Vanya and Sam stepped inside after Gabriel. Sam smiled at Gabe's reaction as Vanya makes her way over to Sissy, her girlfriend, and Sissy's kid Harlan.
Charlie knows what Cas is hinting at. "I think he does. Hell, I hope he does. You two would be cute together."
The app was only accessible to open after a few simple tests. An appearance check, a voice password and reaction test to silver.
The Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher smiles at them. Gabriel and Sam race into the room to meet their to-be Hogwarts teacher. Gabe made a look when he noticed Cas still had his wings out around Lupin.
Bobby went on to explain about different wizards who succeeded in confusing muggle Greece citizens but their plan backfired when Greece muggles started a religion because of it. Some of the wizards found it amusing that the muggles started sacrificing and praying to them, so they continued tricking the muggles.
"I do know, because I went through a situation much like he did. I may not have wings on my back, but I too was different from everyone my age. I was bitten by a werewolf at a young age. I had to go through my early life believing I was a monster. However, someone quite similar to Dean proved that I am not what I believe," Lupin replied.
Cas sighed, he knew that having people over meant he likely had to hide his wings. He had gotten used to having his wings out around the Winchesters. He was able to have them out and not feel like he was secretly being judged, which was a change from the Novak household.
Packages and letters dropped all around and fell into their designated owner's hands. Castiel caught a letter. Dr. Whoo perched himself down next to Dean and had a letter attached to his leg. Dean untied the letter from Dr. Whoo's leg and opened it. A small package dropped into Charlie's hands and the red-headed girl grinned, glad that her parents had found the correct way to message her. Meg sat with a frown on her face and her arms crossed.
"I did. I assume this was bad?" Ellen looks to Garth, suddenly get nervous she made everything much worse.
The four boys and two adults walk up to the house. Ellen unlocks the front door with a key because of the 'no magic outside of the house' rule.
From across the room, Dean felt eyes on him. He looked up to see the five baristas all look away from him. He chuckles under his breath.
Right now, Cas and Dean sat on their beanbags, chatting about how they would be spending the vacation. Dean was really excited about introducing Cas to Sam, he had a feeling his best friend and brother would get along.
The group of friends all growled but obeyed Michael's orders and seperated to go to their own house table. Michael nodded and patted Dean's back before going back to his seat.
The Winchester finished up writing his letter. He looked over his work and nodded, satisfied. Amendiel watched from his bed as Dean rushed out of the room.
Dean watched as Bobby stood up to leave. This was his chance. Dean stood up and made his way to catch up with his adopted guardian. Bobby turned when his boy caught up to him.
Cas paused for a moment. “I think it was just some bad sickness from being too stressed out.” He shrugs, trying to play casual. “It isn’t contagious anymore, do not worry.”
Cas has to think a bit on this one. When was there first last night on Earth? And then he remembers it. The strip bar! Dean had tried so hard to get Cas laid, only if he had known that Cas only wanted Dean and no one else.
Cas smiles at him, "thank you, Dean." Cas puts on the coat over his trench-coat. The two coats didn't exactly go well together but it would keep Castiel warm. To add to the two coats, Cas took out a Hufflepuff scarf and put it on. Dean had a coat of his own as well as a Gryffindor scarf.
There's no mention of what Castiel said before he let the Empty take him. That just isn't a topic that the two want to discuss just yet.
Dean's eyebrows furrowed as the idea of Cas' wings being real crossed his mind, but he didn't believe it.
With her own broom, Madam Hooch showed the students how to get on their brooms and press off of the hard ground, launching her into the sky. After doing a circle around the group of students, Madam Hooch came down to the ground. She told the students to just raise themselves a couple feet off the ground and not moving
The man turned to face the group of students. "Hello, kids. I'm Garth Fitzgerald and I'm the keeper of the grounds here at Hogwarts as well as the Care For Magical Creatures Professor. I want each of you kids to get into groups of four and choose a boat. There will be no need for paddling as the boats will move on their own. Alright! Everybody in!"
Dan brought Cas to the Hufflepuff changing room. Cas was handed his brand-new Quidditch uniform. The deva put it on, making sure to keep his wings hidden from sight. Once changed, he grabbed his Silver Arrow 3 broom, which was also brand-new and bought for him. With his things ready, Cas joined the other Hufflepuffs as Dan started a before-game pep talk.
The Potters were introduced to everyone and everyone was introduced to the Potters. Sam, Gabe and the twins had come upstairs from Sam’s bedroom by now to see what all the fuss was about.
Cas let out a small groan of pain. Usually, he would have to let his wings out four times a day, he would keep them out all the time at home. But here at school, he couldn't. It had been something close to 48 hours and Cas had only let his wings out once before now. It seems that not letting his wings out to stretch at least four times, caused pain. And lots of it.
“Yes, sir,” Cas answers. “He has told me about Ellen.” Cas greets Ellen with a small smile, before going on to introduce his brother. “This is Gabriel, my brother.”
It was around eight o'clock on Saturday that the Great Hall changed it's set up. The first week of school had gone moderately well. There were loads of struggles, sure, but each student was adapting. All the tables previously in the Great Hall had all disappeared and were replaced with hundreds of sleeping bags for students to take.
And then it was Castiel's turn. The pure-blood glanced over at Lupin, who nodded encouragingly. Cas took a breath and faced the boggart. The boggart changed into a group of people, just standing there in front of Cas, all saying the same thing at different times. The word "monster" was repeated from all of the people within the group. Cas was about to raise his wand when he saw the all too familiar face of Dean standing in the center of the group. Cas suddenly couldn't move a muscle. He just stood there, frozen. Cas didn't even realize hot tears had begun pouring down his face until Lupin stepped in front of him and made the boggart change into something funny.
The Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher nodded before walking out of his office to find the Care of Magical Creatures Professor. Before leaving, Lupin took a quick glance at the young boy who looked like he was in so much pain.
Unknown to both of them, Lupin watches as they walk out of his classroom. A sad smile is on his face as he watches the pair of them.
Eventually, he finds it. Dean pulls out a small pencil case that he had found a while back. Dean sat down on his bed and opened the pencil case, placing it on his lap. Dean took out a few pictures.
Lupin made his way to leave. “And if you two do decide to stay here, you won’t need to worry about anyone wondering where you’ve gone. I will tell your house heads and notify that you are both safe and together.” Lupin pauses, “oh, and Castiel, good luck with your Quidditch game tomorrow, it’s your first one after all.”
All dressed and ready, the two boys went downstairs and said a quick goodbye to Bobby and Ellen, before walking out the door. The snow hasn't started to fall yet, but it certainly would soon. It was cold out, though the boys stayed warm inside their coats. There was a bit of leftover snow on the ground from the last time it snowed. Dean and Cas walked down the street, being careful not to slip on any ice. They walked in a comfortable silence.
"Yeah, her name's Lisa. Lisa Braedon. She's a Gryffindor. We hung out a couple times but she has a lot of other friends so I don't see her much."
Cas wouldn't possibly think that there was a chance his mother was still out there. Everyone thought that Vicky had left home one night and then died on the streets. She wasn't still out there.
Eileen smiles shyly up at Sam. She looks absolutely stunning in her white, long wedding dress. Happiness sparkles in her eyes as she walks up to her future husband.
The trio looks at him like he is forgetting something really important. Because today was really important. Jody turns to the couple, "is he joking with us or does he really not know what today is?" The sheriff asks.
Cas couldn’t help but feel his wings flutter each time Dean laughed. And who knows? Maybe Dean will be the first person Cas will truly trust.
Finally, Dan unlocked the final ball. The golden snitch. Dan informed Cas that this was the ball he would have to find to end the game. Dan said that the Hufflepuffs had an advantage. Because, Hufflepuffs.. are particularly good finders. Castiel already knew about the snitch and the other balls as well as the positions on a Quidditch team. He had just never seen a game before. That was until he got caught using his wings, after that he didn’t really play much. When he did, he would use a broom.
Sam greets her back, "hi, Vanya. This is my friend, Gabriel. His brother goes to Hogwarts with Dean. Gabe, this is Vanya. She works here with her girlfriend Sissy. They're both witches." Sam introduces Gabriel to Vanya.
Cas came back to his room and gathered the stuff he would need for the day. Though not really knowing what to bring and what not to bring for the first day, Castiel grabbed his Potions, DADA, and Charms book as well as his wand.
Although Sirius joked, he did care about Remus and he was genuinely curious about the scars on his best friend’s face.
There's only a few people sitting around at the tables that are scattered throughout the room. The rest of the tables stand empty. Some other people wait in line, linger in line for their turn to come so they can make their orders.
Dan put the snitch away, saying that they would save that for the first game. Instead, he pulled out some muggle golfing balls.
Cas takes a breath and goes back into the changing room. Dan personally wishes Cas good luck before briefly giving the Hufflepuff team a pep talk to get the team ready for the game.
"Each of you will be getting a schedule. It will show you your classes for the week. It will be the same classes for the whole year. And for the weekends,you will have no classes but will be expected to do homework during that time. Breakfast will start at 7:00 so please be up and dressed by that time tomorrow. Classes will be starting tomorrow. I'll be calling each of you up and you will be collecting your schedules from Blaine. Your stuff will be waiting for you in your rooms," the girl prefect said.
Dean sits forward a bit in his beanbag. He runs his fingers gently through the soft feathers before going back through and trying to straighten out most of the crooked ones.
It wasn't much more time until Professors Longbottom, Turner and the Mills showed up. Jody, Donna, Neville and Kelly had brought gifts for everyone. So had Ellen. So there were plenty of gifts to go around, including the Novaks; which was an honest surprise to Castiel.
After a long ride back to King's Cross Station, the train finally came to a stop at it's destination. Grabbing all their stuff, three suitcases, Dr. Whoo, and the Silver Arrow broomstick, Cas, Dean and Charlie leave the train.
Dean leaned over to Cas when Sam started to talk with Gabe. “I was going to tell him, I just didn’t get the chance. Either Bobby or I will tell him on the way home.”
When Castiel found the classroom, a bunch of other students had already beat him to it. One of the students was Dean. Cas couldn't help the spark of joy that lit in his stomach when he saw Dean sitting there.
Cas' wings fluttered behind him, his mind traveling to the group of people that would be showing up for the party. He didn't know Professor Longbottom, Kline, Fox and Turner well. And he didn't even know the Potters, so he only had so much time with his wings out left.
After doing her rounds, Madam Hooch told the students to land themselves. Castiel and Dean landed gracefully while others stumbled to the ground. One of the students actually jumped off the broom to get to the ground.
Dean, Sam and Eileen all sit down at the table while Jody gets out one of the knifes to cut the cake. Before Jody cuts the cake, however, the cake is placed in front of Dean with the candle burning in the center of it. Dean blew out the candle after everyone wished him a happy birthday again.
The Winchester was currently thinking about what he could write back in response to his younger brother's letter. In the honest truth, Dean was having a hard time adjusting to his new life at Hogwarts, without his brother. Though he did his absolute best not to show it.
Castiel just managed to move it four inches off his desk when the class ended. There was a rush to get to the next class as students quickly gathered their things and left the classroom.
About halfway through the movie, Cas fell asleep on Dean's shoulder. Dean smiled softly over at Cas. Though Dean wouldn't admit it, Cas was really adorable. Even when he was practically drooling on Dean's shoulder.
On his search for his small friend group, Dean passed about four ghosts who were all talking cheerfully. He shivered, accidentally walking through an arm of one of the ghosts. Sam would've found the ghosts so exciting and cool. Dean just finds them weird.
Eventually, it came Dean's turn. Hesitantly, Dean stepped up to the boggart. The boggart, having previously taken form of farting pig, looked at Dean for a few seconds before changing. The boggart changed into the form of a younger boy, laying dead on the floor.
"Are you supposed to be a Disney Princess?" Dean retorted. Charlie gave him a look, he shrugged. "What? I know muggle things. But, no, I'm not a lumber jack. I'm a hunter! Hunters are a kind of auror and you have to have a very specific number of qualifications to be one. It's so strict that the last hunter died like fifty years ago and there hasn't been one since. My dad used to tell me and my brother about them."
Dean stopped him. "Actually, his father isn't the best, his older brothers are the ones who look over him... it's Castiel Novak."
To calm his nerves, Dean decided to go out that night. And after a LOT of convincing, Sam decided to go with him. And where did they go? A strip bar!
Gabriel sighed. "How about after we finish, I go with you up to talk with her, okay? I want you to have fun, even if we are stuck here on Earth." The archangel reached over and ruffled his younger brother's black hair.
Cas stands up. His wings, now tidy and cleaner than before, stretch out behind him. The Panic Room is just big enough for Cas to completely stretch his wings out.
The Hogwarts Professor moves around Cas to examine his wings. "I'm guessing someone tried to heal his wing?" Garth asks, looking around at everyone to find the culprit. Everyone turned to Ellen.
Knowing it was probably going to be a yes, Dean made his way back over to his friends. The friend group made their way outside. They found a nice set of grass and sat down. Before long, Cas joined them. The group talked and talked, playing a few muggle games to pass the time.
When Cas went back over to Dean and Charlie, Charlie was talking about her costume with Meg. "You really don't know 'The Labyrinth'? With David Bowie and everything?" Meg shook her head. Dean was laughing at them.
The Angel gets confused when he sees Dean once again not there. Where is Dean? What is he playing at?
Dean and the two girls watched him go. Meg spoke, "he's regularly quiet around everyone else. Do you think it's just him or something happened?"
"Why are you asking us these questions?" Dean asks. "It was just a house fire. Do... do you think it was something else?"
Dean dropped to his knees so he was at the same height as Cas. The Winchester reached out and tipped Cas' chin up so the angel was looking at him. Dean's gaze immediately softened. The hunter moved and wrapped Cas up in a hug.
The four boys sit down at the table and dig into the apple pie. And it tasted even more delicious than it smelled. There were multiple hums of approval. Far too quickly, the slices of pie had disappeared. Leaving each of the boys' insides feeling a cozy warm.
The first visitor came quite early in the morning. It was sometime after breakfast had ended. This visitor was quite unexpected. And she even asked for Cas to not hide his wings.
The archangel turned to the two humans, pausing his work on making a nicely looking pastry. "I heard Meg, when we first came here, mention something about code 9-17 or something. What's that about?"
Dean and Charlie were getting more excited by the moment. Charlie was almost jumping up and down. Castiel, however, looked slightly worried.
“Your wings are pretty, Cas. I don’t know how anyone could see them and think otherwise,” Dean comments with a soft smile.
Sam stood up, Dean however, grabbed Cas' hand. "Cas comes," Dean said, leaving no room for argument. Bobby only shrugged and showed the Winchesters and Cas to the two men.
"I dunno. I want it to be a surprise. My brother Luci says there's lots of dessert, so that's probably the thing I'm most excited about. What about you, what are you excited about in Hogwarts."
Dean walks over to him, looking sadly at the photo on the wall. "Yes, that's her. That's her with my dad."
Sorry for the shorter chapter (it’s like 300 words shorter than I would have liked but whatever). Just wanted to get this out before later. Before the juicy parts start up.
Charlie left the compartment but Dean stopped Cas before he could leave. Castiel looked at him, confused and tilted his head.
Castiel woke up later that morning to feel that the pain hadn’t gone away. In fact, it had gotten worse, just like Garth had said.
So... yeah. Hope you enjoyed. I honestly didn’t expect to finish this chapter today, but I did and I’m proud!
Professor Mills led the students to a large room, before stopping and standing in front of them. "Inside of there is everyone else. Students, teachers and ghosts alike. In a bit, you will be led inside and you will be sorted. You will be sorted into one of four houses. Each house will be like your family for the remainder of your time here at Hogwarts. The four houses are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Slytherin."
Getting comfortable but not yet ready for bed, Dean and Cas started to talk, their voices just above a whisper. The two of them talked for a while, before finally deciding it was time to try and get some sleep. Tomorrow would be a full day of fun and no work, so they had to be prepared.
"Wait wait wait- shouldn't we explain to the others what's going on?" Dean asked, stopping Castiel before he could transport the two brothers and himself back to Earth.
Lisa thinks for a second. "Herbology, History of Magic, Transfiguration, and Flying," Lisa answers. She looks at Dean, "what about you?"
Cas got in line behind Dean, the pair stood towards the end of the line so they would have to wait a bit for their turn to come. Cas, was honestly, super worried. What if this boggart revealed all his secrets? No, Cas couldn't think about that right now. If he did, then the boggart might become that particular fear. Right now, Castiel just tried to focus on finding something that was truly amusing to him.
A moment later, Garth almost cheered. He stood up, now knowing what was going on with Cas and why his wings hurt so much.
Sam looked awestruck at Cas' wings. "Those are so cool!" Sam says after a moment. "Can I touch them?"
McGonagall made note to keep an eye on Castiel. And at least try to keep the boy out of trouble. Who knows what the next seven years would bring with this kid?
Sometimes, even to this day, those terrible words would float around Cas’ head and the poor kid would do his best to stop those thoughts, but it sometimes just wouldn’t work.
She was running and running fast. Her wand was out and she has a black cloak over her shoulders. Her black, crazy hair whipped in the wind as she ran.
"What do you remember from Heaven about the name Winchester? Lower level angels like me were not allowed to know but we did overhear whispers of the last name. You're an archangel. And the name was always said with spite and stuff like that.." Castiel trails off.
When game day arrived, the entire school was excited to see who would win. The sixth year Ravenclaw seeker or the first year Hufflepuff seeker with a strangely strong talent for flying.
Lisa nods in response. The pair go on talking and laughing with each other while also eating a very tasty and filling breakfast.
Outside of the Great Hall, Cas walked quickly with Professor Lupin. The boy's arms were rapped around himself in a self-hug. His nails were digging deeply into his skin as he walked. So deeply that a small trickle of blood appeared. Realizing, Cas loosened his grip and wiped the blood away.
Castiel hesitates before starting. "Well, I started working at the Roadhouse about six months ago with my older brother Gabriel. We used to stay with the rest of our family, but we all had to separate and leave when our family was bank robbed. What about you? What's your family like?"
After Dean and Cas gave the news to Sam and Eileen, the four of them came up with the idea to get married on the same day.
Garth walked over. "First, kiddos, I need you all to take a step back." His eyes landed on Dean and his intertwined hand with Cas'. "Except you, you can stay." Dean nods and stays by Cas' side while everyone else moves back to give them space.
The Winchester starts to turn his back and walk away from Jack. However, Jack uses his wings and quickly reappears in front of Dean to stop him from walking away. "I think you'll like this gift," Jack says.
However, before they could start to wait for their meals to arrive, Michael The Prefect came over to them. "Hey, guys, I'm really sorry to do this but it's a rule when there is a feast that all students must sit with their own houses. Sorry again."
"Have you actually used your wings for flight before? Are they strong enough to hold you?" Dean asks him, curiously.
This one took a lot of thinking. Finally, Cas remembers the first time he smiled around Dean. The two of them had been sitting at a playground. And Cas is lucky enough to remember exactly where that playground is located.
“Yeah, really. You’re my friend, deva or not, and if I can help you with being your true mate or whatever, then I’ll do it.” Dean says.
Eventually, the day of the game came. It was Gryffindor against Hufflepuff. Cas was, honestly, worried for this game. Dean was there outside the Hufflepuff changing room- Lisa by his side- to wish him luck before his game.
Gabriel decided to answer for his brother. "We're just squatting here for now. I'm Gabriel, by the way, Cassie's brother."
Dean left the Gryffindor common room and made his way over to one of the school towers and to the owlery where he could give his letter to Dr. Whoo and send it to Sam. It took about eight minutes for the young wizard to arrive at the owlery. Dr. Whoo was waiting from him, like the owl knew that Dean would be coming to him with a letter for his beloved brother.
The school nurse, as well as Garth and Lupin, approved of Cas’ wing growth. However, she told him that he should probably stay another night with his wings out so he could get used to the feeling. She did say that the next day, Cas could have visitors come over, if he wanted.
Charlie and Castiel smiled at him. "I'm Charlie," Charlie greeted him, "and this is Cas." She introduces the two of them to Blaine.
Mylie apologizes to Cas and Dean once again before placing their clothes on floor before disappearing with a snap of her fingers.
As Garth looked down Castiel's two wings, a frown formed upon his lips. Garth decided to speak, asking the question that was on his mind. "Who did this to you?" He asked in a quiet voice.
Cas let out a whimper as he pulled his wings back and folded them close to his back. He heard the door open, which made Cas jump. Quickly, Castiel hid his wings, making them disappear. But, doing that made Cas let out a quiet sound of pain.
Castiel's eyes light up at Blaine's answer. There was a chance he would actually be spending most of his year with The Kid From The Train.
Giving a nod, the black haired female writes down her number and gives Gabriel and Castiel their drinks and pastry. She hands Castiel the napkin she just wrote her number on and offered a smile to him.
"Yes, Dean, I'm sure. His mojo will help us not be affected," Sam replies without looking up from his laptop.
"Yes," Castiel sits up straight. "Could I please have one cauldron cake and three chocolate frogs?" He gets out a small pouch with coins inside of it.
Castiel follows Dean through the trees, pushing past some branches that were in his way. When they made it out of the trees, Cas almost stopped in his tracks. There in front of them, was a wide river that was completely frozen over by thin ice. The ground was gently layered with old snow that made the frozen lake glisten.
Once the more students arrived and the seven minute break between classes ended, the office door that sat at the end of the classroom opened and a male teacher walked in. The professor smiled at all of the students and grabbed his student attendance paper.
“Hello, dear,” the school nursed greeted him. She took out some other medicine. “Here, this will help with the pain.”
Eventually, Cas arrives at the Gates of Heaven. Right in front of the entrance, is a note being held down from the wind by a rock. Cas walks over and picks the note up, placing the rock off to the side.
Sam motions for Gabriel to go first. Hesitating, Gabriel looks at both Sam and Vanya before stepping forward towards the wall. Gabe steps through the wall, almost surprised that he stepped into another room. Gabriel looked around the room he had just entered. There was another woman inside. She was blonde and playing with a small boy who was about Balthazar's age.
It takes Cas a few hours to get to the barn. The sigils and wardings are still on the walls of the barn. The markings are all faded but evidence of them originally being there is present.
Bobby passed out drinks to everyone and they all gathered in the living room. The center of attention were the Winchesters. Stories were shared of how they beat God, how God ended up being a poor ass writer, and how Jack ended up being one of the best things for this world, even if the Winchesters doubted it in the beginning.
The man nodded. "Well, I'm Aaron Dolan, and this is Seth Elliot. We've come to ask you a few questions about your mother's untimely death."
Michael looks over at him. "Castiel actually talked to someone? You must be special or something. But, yes, I am Castiel's older brother. Apologies, he doesn't really talk to people much, it surprised me that he talked to someone on his first day here. Though, I'm glad he did. That kid really needs to socialize himself."
But the deva didn't know how much longer he could last without him tearing all of his feathers out. His wings hurt and they itched, and there was really nothing he could do about it because he wasn't his own mate. To add to it all, Cas didn't really know who is mate was. Sure, he had an idea, but he didn't want to go see through with his idea, in fear that the suspected mate would hate him.
Lupin began to walk back to the castle to show Garth to his office where Cas should still be. Garth walked along side Lupin. The pair of teachers made their way up to the school and traveled along the halls silently.
The waiter gives a nod and leads the pair back farther into the restaurant. He takes them to a table and sets two menus down. "A worker will be with you shortly. Enjoy!"
The kids got to work, following Ellen's instructions and making sure to have the right measurement of ingredients. Before long, the apple infested pie was put into the oven to cook. Ellen had succeeded in distracting her boys.
Jack smiles at Dean. "Lucifer. We broke Lucifer out of the Empty so I could get my powers back. But the Empty wanted Lucifer back so his collection of archangels could be complete. The Empty has Apocalypse Michael. So I sort of made a trade. Castiel for Lucifer. And The Empty said yes."
The black haired girl who took their order looked at the pair individually before turning and telling the other two workers what to make. The worker told them that their orders would be right with them.
The picture was of a man wearing a blue coat, however the frame was only of his shoulders and above so it couldn't be determined if the coat was long or not.  The man had floofy, light brown hair that curled at the ends. He wore a Hufflepuff-themed scarf. The man looked like he was plucked right out of the early 1900s. He looked distracted and seemed to be working on something below frame. His hands were full so he held his wand between his teeth.
The said Winchester shakes his head. "No, Cas. You don't need to give me any explanations." Dean takes a deep breath. "Look, I never said anything because I didn't think I had a chance. I mean: you're a freaking angel, man! You've lived for millions of years. Why would you ever want to settle down with a mortal human like me?" He pauses. "I've wanted to tell you for a long time, I just couldn't find the courage. Each time I lost you, I regretted not telling you before. But whenever you came back, I was... I couldn't bare loosing you. But, Cas, I..."
Prompt: Sam and Dean start a hunt, only to realize that they need Castiel's help to pull this hunt off. What none of them realize is that this particular hunt will lead to everything changing and Sam finally becoming the official third wheel.
"Yes. But not terribly. It should be an easy fix." Garth pauses. "Dean, I think I'm going to have to teach you and Cas how the deva healing process works."
The professor walked rather speedily through the halls of Hogwarts. He eventually made it to the outside. Briefly, he checked the sky. He already knew the full moon didn't come for a couple more weeks, but he had to look.
Bobby and Ellen came running out from inside of the house. The couple ran over to Dean, who was kneeling beside Cas. Castiel was writhing in pain. His wing had been bent at a bad angle.
"What's up, Cassie?" Gabriel asked, a small wave of concern washing over his face. "Did he reject you? Cas, it's okay if he did. Not everyone here is accepting of a male being with another male, even if it's just your vessel-" Gabriel was almost ranting by now.
Castiel looks just as good. His trench-coat is absent and he's in a really nice suit that has a blue and white flower pinned to it. His hair is a bit nearer than usual and he's looking at Dean with the same happiness that he had when he confessed.
Castiel felt loads of eyes on him from different parts of the room, including from the teacher table. He was not enjoying this extra attention and slouched over in his seat.
Castiel looked over his short letter from Balthazar. Balthazar was going through a phase where he tried not to show that he cared for anyone at all. So, Cas was just glad he got a letter that had more than one word on it. Cas looked over the third and final one.
Dean shakes his head, "I appreciate the thought, but I'm really not in the mood to accept gifts right now."
So... it is currently Saturday, November 7th, 2020. Despair, 15x18, came out three days ago. And when I tell you I sobbed when *it* happened, I mean I SOBBED violently.
Jack's just like Cas, Dean notes. "Hey, Jack. You missed the cake," Dean says, informing the Nephilim that he had missed everyone.
Gabriel Novak - Young Richard Speight Jr. because no one can play Gabe the way Speight does and I also couldn’t find anyone who would fit. (Couldn’t find a picture either- sorry)
“Right now, I’m asking you for one thing. I know it is unfair because of what has happened in the last day or so, but I still think I should ask. I want you to try to be brave enough to talk to someone. Talk about your thoughts and your life, the good parts and the bad parts. Castiel, what I’m asking you to do, is trust someone. There’s a good chance that this person will listen and care. All you have to do is try.”
Cas laughs quietly. He goes silent, however, when another few students come into the classroom. Jody looked over at Cas when he goes quiet.
Novak spent the next few minutes showing off to Dean. He was constantly flying up and then coming back down. Each time, he got higher and higher as his confidence grew. Dean watched him with amazed eyes.
"Oh, right. Where are my manners? The name's Meg. Meg Masters. I'm a first year," the girl introduces herself. "Now this is the part where you two introduce yourselves," Meg continues when the two boys just stare at her.
"Just do whatever feels right," Dean tries to provide some help, but as he doesn't have wings of his own, he doesn't have the personal experience nor knowledge to help.
Cas nods and follows Donna, though not before looking back at Dean with a rather confused expression. Donna walks away from the field with Castiel beside him. "Y'know, it's funny. The last person who was in this position was Harry Potter. Can you believe that?"
"Right. Well, I want all of you to take out your books and start reading the first two chapters. It's okay if you don't finish, it won't be for homework. You don't have any homework from me today. I will be in my office if any of you need me." Lupin left the room to go to his office.
The class continued on with Bobby describing one witch who tried to find the ones causing all the confusion. He explained that this witch did catch a few people in the act but not nearly enough to stop them all.
"Hey, guys," the guy greets, "I'm Michael Novak, the Gryffindor prefect. I'll be the one you can go to if you need any help."
Over on a table, out of sight and unnoticed, an envelope with an unread letter was there. It was addressed to Chuck. In the return address spot on the letter where muggles would put their home address, there was just a name, one simple name.
Sam looked torn about this idea. "I don't know, guys. By changing the timeline we could be making things a lot worse."
The inside is neat and cozy. Moving pictures of Sam, Dean, Bobby and Ellen line the halls. Both Novaks looked at each picture as they passed. Gabriel makes a few jokes, commenting on pictures of toddler Sam.
The two boys enjoy this for a little bit more before Dean gets an idea. With a mischievous look on his face, Dean sneakily reaches down to the snow and grabs a handful. The snow isn't thick enough to make a snowball, so Dean just throws the fistful of snow as is it.
They laughed together. Dean looked at Cas. "Man, it's like your not even on a broom when you fly. It's really impressive. I wouldn't be surprised if you get asked to join the Quidditch team next year."
Castiel suddenly froze. He didn't know what to say. "U-uhm, I don't think I gave you my name. I'm Castiel."
Yes I know this one is short, I have a plan to continue the party into the first half of the next chapter, but I’m not sure. I just needed a filler to get this book back up again.
The pair of brothers joined their other siblings at the breakfast table after making their own, quick breakfast of cereal. Michael wasn’t there, it was Michael’s first year at Hogwarts. But everyone else was there.
Clapping came from down below and Cas looked to see that Charlie and Dean were standing behind Dan and watching Cas practice. The deva’s face went pink.
"I... fine, Bradbury, you win. Who should I kiss?" Dean asks, finally giving in to Charlie's magical powers of convincing people.
I just watched Prisoner Of Azkaban earlier today so I had some inspiration for the boggart part. Also someone get me some headcanons where modern day muggle-borns print pictures of memes and take the memes to school with them to show their pure-blooded friends to confuse them.
"He was. His name was Jerry Con. He... he used to date my girlfriend. I think he was jealous of us together." The woman told the pair her story.
This went on for a bit, Dan tossing faster and faster moving objects. On about the fourth ball, Castiel caught the moving object with only one try and no mistakes.
No one else raised their hands, or wands. Lupin nods after a moment. He looks out at the silent class.
There are a few seconds where Castiel doesn't answer. "The man in the corner, the one who I code 9-18'd. His name is Dean Winchester."
Castiel gathered his clothes and quickly left the shared dorm room to go to the even more shared bathroom so he could change. Cas didn't really feel comfortable changing in front of other people, so he went to change privately into his Hufflepuff school uniform.
James stepped up to where the girl before him had stood. He looked up at the pink worm, the ghost of a smile fading on his face. The pink worm on a string stopped when James stepped up to it. After a moment, the worm on a string shifted and changed to a large line of blazing fire.
"Cas... what are these? There's two many for them to all be birthmarks, so don't even try using that lie." Dean has a serious tone in his voice.
Soon enough, the pair sits down and Dean catches Cas up on everything he missed. Dean told Cas everything from how Jack defeated God to every hunt Dean went on. Cas listened the entire time, a content look on the angel's face. Castiel was back. Whether Dean loved him in return or not, he was back with his best friend. Cas was back with the human who made him stronger than he ever was, even if Cas is no longer a full-powered angel.
Dean and Bobby said their final goodbyes to Sam (who would be staying with Bobby's wife, Ellen, who had lost her daughter Jo a few years back) before hopping onto the Hogwarts Express, the train that would transport both the students and the teachers to Hogwarts.
Cas didn't bother hiding his wings, not yet. He trusted the professor, he didn't need to hide from Lupin. He and Dean walked down the stairs to see Bobby opening the door to reveal Lupin standing there. Bobby let Remus in and Lupin thanked him.
Benny and Adam talked quietly between the pair of them while Castiel fell asleep. They talked for a bit before following Cas' actions and getting into bed.
"Hello," they greeted. "My name is Quil and I will be your waiter today. Have you thought of your drinks already or do you need some more time to decide?"
It doesn't take long for Dean and Cas to find their friends. Charlie, Meg and Mazikeen all sat in one compartment. The two first years join them inside. Charlie was already talking about her vacation and caught the two boys up to speed on what she had already told Maze and Meg.
Cas shrugged. "I don't know what this class will bring. But I hope it's something good. With that desk, who knows what this class will bring."
Dean wasn't paying much attention to his brother as Sam read off the people who had gone to jail for that reason. Instead, he was thinking to himself, zoned out.
Castiel nods. "You and Jo were talking about it a little while back. I believe it is what's said when one of us workers feel attracted to a customer, is it not?" The angel's head tilts, suddenly worried that he had messed up and this random phrase meant something entirely different than what he meant.
Professor Lupin started to call names from the attendance sheet, each student replied with "here" or something of the sorts. When the professor got to Castiel's name, he looked up and made eye contact with Cas when the pure-blood said "here".
Charlie sat up tall in her sleeping bag. Her arms (that were not in the sleeping bag) flicked, like the way one would do if they thought they were about to do something funny.
Cas' head shot up and he tried to spot where Charlie had seen Dean. The deva's wings acted like a dog's ears and perked up. Cas found Dean. Dean was wearing a red flannel shirt and some black pants. He had a new necklace on. This necklace had a charm on the end. The charm was bearing a unicursal hexagram, which was also known as the Men of Letters symbol.
Dean hugs his brother, while Cas stands off to the side. When Dean pulls away, he grabs Cas' wrist to pull the other boy closer. "Sam, I want you to meet my friend. This is Cas. He will be staying with us for Christmas break, okay?"
Dean smiled gently at Cas and reached over to pull the blanket back over himself and Cas. He did so before falling back to sleep.
Cas looks at Dean in a you-haven’t-told-him-yet way. Dean shrugs.  “Yes,” Cas answers him, looking back at the younger boy, “it’s my broom that I use to fly. The school got it for me when I got onto the Hufflepuff Quidditch team.”
Sam and Dean are getting ready in the same dressing room together, while Eileen and Cas have their own dressing rooms.
But Cas understood. In that moment, Cas understood everything. The angel had a small smile on his face as he stepped up to Dean. Green eyes looked into blue and their lips connected in a soft kiss.
"I assume so. I know a curse that can turn someone into a deva, a winged human. And devas have mates." Lupin looked at him for a second. "Is that about the boy you were talking to?"
The elder Winchester and Novak give a final farewell to their families before turning together and going towards the Hogwarts express. The train is already crowded with students and teachers trying to find a compartment to sit in.
Dean grins at his brother. "How about we go visit Bobby's place? Word is likely already spreading that you've arrived. There's probably going to be a huge 'Welcome to Heaven' party set up. We'll get to see the friends that we haven't seen in a long time," the older brother suggests.
Castiel takes the folded napkin and walks with Gabriel over to an empty table. There, he unfolds the napkin.
The two boys walked back into the room, Cas holding on to Dean's hand to try and stay stable. The Ministry men and Sam looked up as they walked in. They sat down in their seats and Cas looked over at Dean, silently asking him to explain it.
Dean looked at Cas, frowning a bit. “No, I won’t do any of that stuff, what kind of friend- or mate I should say,” Dean added a smile, “-do you think I am?”
But before the tip of the blade could penetrate Cas' vessel, the blade was taken from his hands. Cas opened his eyes, wondering why he hadn't been able to end everything. When he looked up, he saw Dean standing there, the angel blade in his hand. Dean had an alarmed look on his face.
However, when Castiel saw the picture, both of his hands grabbed Dean's arm. Dean's head  turned sharply towards Cas when he did this. "Cas?"
The almost day long ride on the train finally came to an end as the Hogwarts Express reached it's destination. Students were back in their school uniforms. The group of five made their way out of the train's exit with all the other students. Cas stayed close to Dean, not wanting to loose his mate in the crowd.
The student hesitated before asking her question, "is it true you fought in the Battle of Hogwarts?" She asks.
With Lupin gone, Dean sat Cas down at one of the desks and pulled a chair up for himself to sit in. The two of them sat silently, Castiel with his eyes on the floor. After a few minutes, Dean decided he should try to find out if Cas wanted to talk about it or not. Dean moved so he could catch Cas' eye.
The first student in line stepped up as the boggart was released by Professor Lupin. There was a silence and stillness throughout the classroom. Before a giant, very intimidating snake appeared out of mid-air. The snake was decorated with brown spots and had blue skin. It's pink tongue stuck out and it hissed at the group of kids in front of it.
The student shook herself and took a breath before raising her wand up to the snake and shouting, "riddikulus!" Immediately, the snake changed to a pink worm on a string that was flopping about. The classroom was filled with laughter.
"Bye, Gabe. Take care of our siblings, okay?" Cas says. Gabriel nods, "yeah yeah, I know. Have fun, Cassie."
Cas had gotten a bit nervous about his decision for his costume, but he never changed his mind. He could actually be himself and no one would care or even notice. That's right, for his costume, Castiel was going to get out his wings. He wasn't going to judged one bit if he had his wings out! It was a perfect plan.
Garth and Lupin then led Cas out into the halls of the great wizarding school to get to the hospital wing. Cas had the trench-coat pulled tightly around him, so his bare chest would not show.
“If only birthmarks could disappear..” Remus sighed. As of then, there was no way to hide or heal scars like the ones on Lupin’s face.
It wasn't long before Garth apparated into the Singer-Winchester house hold. Bobby let him in and showed him to where Castiel was sat. Everyone stood around Cas, worried looks on each other their faces. Cas looked uncomfortable about that, but he didn't say anything.
"I'm not sure. One of my brothers is in Gryffindor and another in Slytherin. So we don't really have a family-theme yet."
Both Winchesters were grinning as they stepped out of the Impala. There were so many old faces. Bobby stood with Ellen, Jo and Ash. Next to them stood Rufus Turner, Pamela Barnes and Kelly Kline. Charlie Bradbury who had a large grin on her face. Kevin Tran who was standing beside Charlie. Finally, Mick Davies and Arthur Ketch. The two British men were the outcasts of the group, but that wasn't going to stop the, from getting Dean and Sam Winchester, legends even in the afterlife.
Once dressed, Dean as well as his four other roommates walked out of their dorm and down into the common room. Other students were already out in the common room, most were slipping out of the picture frame exit while some were waiting for their friends to arrive.
“The other Slytherin chaser, Rufters, takes the ball from White and approaches Espinoza. With a great toss, Rufters throws the ball and- OOH Espinoza catches it just in time.”
Cas rolled his shoulders like his back was uncomfortable or something. "Castiel is the name of an Angel, actually. My parents are slightly  religious."
Dean shakes his head. "If you don't want to see him, then you don't have to. There are a bunch of other people we could visit. Literally everyone who has ever died is here. Everyone! I may have gotten into a fight with Hitler because he recognized me as the guy who killed him, but whatever."
One by one, the guests start to leave. Eventually, the house is quiet again. Ellen tells the boys that if they quickly change into their pajamas, they could watch a holiday muggle movie before they would have to go to bed.
Sam grabbed the first present, it was one of his. He ripped the paper off of the box as everyone else watched him. He opened the box to reveal about five or six books on mythology. Sam was really into that sort of thing. The young Winchester looked over to Ellen, who had gotten the books for him and thanked her. Sammy also got a guide of Hogwarts from Bobby and a nicely framed picture of him and Dean from his brother.
Charlie thought for a moment. She knew exactly who she wanted Dean to kiss, she was just teasing him with the pause. "Novak. I think you should kiss Cas." Charlie's eyes were flaring red, evil. Or at least, to Dean they were.
Ellen comes out from her hidden office and gives a small laugh at the childlike behavior of her workers. "I'm sorry to tell you this, Castiel. But it's mandatory that the first code 9-18 you get, you have to go over and give that person you're number."
Hopefully, the next chapters will be a bit longer. It’s so funny cause I’m used to Wattpad where the stories are usually shown as longer but here, I feel like they are shown as shorter! Each chapter is like 2000 words long, but it feels like it’s only 800 words long. And I thought adapting to Wattpad length was hard...
When they did arrive, there was already a group of people waiting outside Bobby's place for them. Each person looked familiar.
Castiel listened to Lupin explain to him about his mother. The deva could see the sad look in his professor's eyes. Cas felt sad himself. Except he felt more angry than sad. The way Lupin explained Vicky Novak, it didn't seem like she would be the type of mother to abandon her child like that. But she did. She left without a word. And to Cas, it was because of him and only because of him.
Gabriel smiles down at Harlan and starts to go through his candy, letting the younger boy pick out two pieces. Harlan wobbles back to his mother and plops one of the candies into his mouth.
Once on the train, Bobby quickly separated from Dean and made his way over to the teachers' section of the train.
The pair of them went silent. Castiel looked over at Dean's owl. Dean noticed him looking and brought Dr. Whoo closer to Cas.
Bobby stood up straight. "That should do it. Ellen and I will be off to bed. Don't you two bed too loud in the night, you hear me? I don't wanna wake up to laughing or something besides laughing." Bobby looked at them seriously, before changing his expression to a softer one. "Goodnight you two."
Lupin stood there for a moment, his eyes on Castiel before stepping aside and letting the young wizard inside.
The sun is set by the time Cas arrives back at the Bunker. He parks his car in the garage and enters the Bunker.
Together, the Hufflepuffs marched out onto the field. The Quidditch stands were filled with loads of students. There were red and blue mixed in with lots of yellow and green in the stands.
"I'll think about it. Who is this friend you want to invite over for break? I will send a letter to his parents."
With Garth supposedly on the way, Bobby and Ellen helped Dean get Cas inside. They sat Cas down on a stool. Dean had taken Cas' hand by now and was trying to soothe his friend's pain.
He tried again. More confident this time around, Castiel's wings flapped with more power. All four wings moved at the same time. Dean watched in awe as Cas managed to push himself off the ground about three inches. Winchester had to admit that Cas looked pretty angelic up in the air. It looked like Cas belonged in the air, not on Earth.
Castiel felt his stomach drop. He had lost. Worse, he had let down his whole house. The Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw team flew down to the ground.
It was now a few days before October 31 and Halloween. By now, Cas had gotten used to his new wings, though they did get sore more often than not. Cas had been struggling. His wings would no longer stay clean now. Apparently only his "mate" could clean them and they would stay clean. That was very hard to go on with, but Cas managed.
Madam Hooch separated the class in half, allowing the first half of the students to pair up and practice flying while the other half went with Madam Hooch to practice the basics.
Once breakfast was finished, Cas excused himself to go to the owlery. The others said it was fine and that Cas could meet up with them outside on the school lawn.
Gabriel and Castiel have only been on Earth for about a month. The angels had all fallen from Heaven just after news spread about creating the apocalypse and destroying the Earth. Apparently word had gotten to some higher power, some theorize God, had caught word of that idea and did not want the apocalypse taking place on Earth. The angels were all forced into human vessels. They each only had so much of their grace remaining, if any. Their wings are now featherless, though only visible to other angels unless they gave certain humans permission, and stand as reminder as to what they once were. Gabriel and Castiel had stayed with two other angels Balthazar and Anna, but had recently departed to go off on their own.
"No, you don't need to be sorry, Dean. You couldn't do anything, Dean. The Empty made it so I could almost never see the light of day again. It was luck that Jack managed to make that deal of me for Lucifer," Cas says.
About once a week, Michael would check in on Cas to make sure his younger brother was doing well with both school and his secret. Each time, Castiel would respond the same, saying that he was doing just fine and he didn't need Michael to worry about him. But Michael kept checking in, and Cas, honestly, didn't mind it, knowing that he had a good older brother at his side who cared enough to check in on him once a week.
The officiant turns to Dean and Cas. "Do you, Dean Michael Winchester, take Castiel Novak to be your lawfully wedded husband?"
Castiel looks surprised. His facial expression is blank for a moment, before a smile forms on his lips. "Yes, I will."
The second teacher to have this job was Bobby. As there were no other students yet in the Great Hall, the professor went over and talked with his adopted son and his new friends. Though, Bobby didn't ask any personal questions to Dean as to not embarrass the boy. But Bobby did take notice to the glances his boy threw Cas' way and took note of that.
The thought of Cas made Dean rethink what Cas had recently told him about his father. Dean hated how Cas' father treated the boy. It wasn't Cas' fault that his mother was gone! Cas had nothing to do with his mother's departure. And what kind of father calls his son a monster?! Castiel had later told Dean that the abuse had stopped a while ago, but now Dean didn't trust Cas' father one bit. In fact, Dean knew exactly who he was going to have over for Christmas break. Dean didn't want Cas to go back to the father that hated him because of something the poor boy never did.
He looked up when four other boys came into the room. "Hey," Dean greeted them before introducing himself, "Dean Winchester."
"You have seven years to do that, Charlie. I think you'll have time for another try," Dean said, making himself comfortable on the school grass.
The game ended up lasting less than an hour. It ended with Castiel managing to grasp the snitch in his hand before the Gryffindor seeker was able to.
The Bunker seems quiet. Cas hopes that he got the right last place of the scavenger hunt. If he did not, that is probably a bad thing. The Angel looks around, trying to see if there is a final note hidden somewhere that he didn't see before.
Shortly after Castiel went back to the classroom, the class ended and the students were free to go. Cas gathered his things and walked with Dean to their next class. The two of them walked throughout the castle and eventually made it to the castle grounds where the flying lessons would take place.
There was a moment where the group of friends took in the sight of all the enchanted decorations. The fake bats had been turned real and were now flying around near the top of the ceiling, though not going close to any students or teachers below. The group found their usual seats at the Gryffindor table and sat down.
Sam huffs a sigh. "Alright. Let's go back to after Dean's most recent and, before now, final death."
About an hour later, Jack leaves to go back to Heaven. This leaves just Castiel and Dean to themselves again. When Jack leaves, Dean makes a burger for himself for dinner. Cas just watches him cook silently. When he finishes up cooking, he gets another beer for himself and one for Cas.
Dean whips around. He had to check that he isn't just hearing things. "Cas?" Dean asks quietly, looking at the man now in front of him.
Cas put the note into his pocket. He turns his back on the Gates of Heaven and walks back over to his car. He gets in and drives back to his home. Back to the Bunker. And hopefully back to Dean.
Cas was gripping the sleeves of his trench coat tightly, in fists. His jaw was clenched and he was still on obvious pain.
Castiel rolled his shoulders while he walked. He looked around, trying to see if anyone had noticed if he was uncomfortable. No one seemed to notice.
Cas shrugs, "dunno. Likely spend most of it trying to explain to Charlie why I didn't go back to the common room with her?"
Cas and Dean got their pajamas on rather quickly upstairs and went back down, excited to start the movie.
"What did she do?" Dean asks, look at Cas. He didn't feel anything different, nor the urge to kill someone or kill himself.
The angel said goodbye to his friends. Meg hit his arm (which he had quickly learned was her way of a friendly gesture) as a farewell. He and Gabriel left the coffee shop together.
About six months passed of the two angels working at the small coffee shop in Wayward Road. Ellen was nice enough to get the pair a small apartment that they could stay in until they could afford one of their own. Castiel and Gabriel had explained their situation- without mentioning the angel part and with minimal detail- when Ellen asked them about where they were staying.
At the front of the Great Hall, the teachers all sat at their table, observing the students in front of them and eating their own food.
