Tony blinked. His mouth moved open and then closed. Then he began chuckling. Soon his initial laughter turned thunderous and he bent over clutching his stomach as his crow’s feet crinkled. “You screamed bloody murder for me- to come up here- to see – that you found-“ he breathed “-a hidden
Neither man said a word as Tony parted his lips, raised on his toes, and moved closer towards Steve’s face.
It had been days. Maybe a week. Every day they would come in and scrub Tony down, welts and bruises dotting his body and only getting worse with each day that passed. He would always scream even though he would never speak to Steve when they were alone. He would cry. The henchmen would take the pressure washer and spray it into his mouth and face as he screamed and they would laugh at the sight of drowning him in the high-pressure wash.
The arm looked like It had three breaks in it, two along the forearm and one right beneath his bicep. There were two gashes that bone protruded from and Steve was immediately concerned for infection. The infection would only become worse if the pieces of bone were left where they were: they would have to be reset.
Despite the wind rushing in his face, causing his breathing to come out in spurts, Tony kept the glass panes rolled down as his hands skirted across the leather-clad steering wheel. He blasted Billy Squier’s The Stroke from the audio system. The left tire scooted off the cliff’s edge and left him stalled for the briefest of seconds.
“Just leave me,” he said with a sigh.
There was a main living area with a marble-top coffee table, surrounded by two antique style love seats and a full-sized chaise sofa. The walls were laden with taupe colored paint and covered with elaborate artworks framed in white-washed wood and intricate gold. Two sliding glass doors were on the far wall, light streaming through them despite being covered by cream-colored sheer curtains. Beside the doors were floor to ceiling windows, also covered by sheers that prevented Steve from seeing the oceanic view from their suite room.
“I would appreciate your sobriety… we can actually continue talking in coherent words and not whatever language you speak when you drink….”
Gradually the ocean waves began to pull at the sand mounds covering the deteriorating bodies in the ground and the whole island began to stink of rotting flesh as shredded limbs poked out from the soil. Tony stared from his spot by Billie, through the doorway of their make-shift residence, and at Steve, who, in attempt to rid the smell, began to re-bury the pieces.
Tony, in shock and denial, looked at his lovers face tenderly and imagined them back in the tower, loving one another, waking up in bed together, making Sunday breakfasts… The eye closest to the ground opened, unbeknownst to the employees hacking off Steve’s clothes, and Steve smirked a little, winking, before closing his eyes again and letting his jaw fall slack.
“I didn’t get that buddy.” Steve was practically lifting Tony up and gliding him to the elevator. He flicked the button and the lift soon lowered, doors dinging as they opened.
It was as if Steve had been struck in the gut with an iron crowbar. For a second, he couldn’t think, his pupils trailing the crimson dripping from the right side of Tony’s abdomen.
The soldier felt a hand slide into his and squeeze tight. He looked to his right and saw his husband next to him, smiling softly, seemingly admiring Steve’s naivety.
In his lull, Tony noticed the ship. The room seemed to be tilting as he was pulled one way then the other by his restraints. This rocking became more vicious as time went on, light pulls becoming fierce yanks on his shoulders and wrists, feet almost touching the wall next to him at one point, indicating that the ship had almost fallen on its side.
Alphonse was clear of any tattoos. Clear of body hair too. Tony nodded in admiration as he scanned the man’s muscular body up and down over the tops of his sunglasses. When Alphonse turned and walked away with a quarter of the glasses and Steve’s new drink order, Tony looked at Steve and smirked. “Alphonse is… like caramel. Like a little French, caramel nougat. That I want in my mouth. Can he be our personal bartender?”
Finally, Steve’s military prowess and experience kicked in and he began thinking more tactically. He needed to move them both away from the crackling debris that still crumbled from the rafters above them.
“You are a literal piece of fucking shit, Hammer.” Steve jerked his body towards the man leaning beside him and snarled. A circle of blood was underneath the Captain’s body from his wound and it stung when he moved, but he couldn’t contain his anger.
“I’m okay… I’m just worried is all.” Steve knew it was hard for Tony to admit any feelings that might affect his pride, so he squeezed at the shorter man’s bicep gingerly.
Steve could see that the pain was too much for the genius as his eyes rolled into the backs of their sockets and Tony’s body fell completely slack. Steve lowered him gently to the floor and rested on his knees by Tony’s side. He blinked, quick thinking momentarily gone as he tried to conjure up a plan to get an unconscious man and himself, hungry and bruised, out of their current situation.
A soft echo of his name sounded out along the island and Steve snapped his head to attention, previous stupor successfully disrupted. He pursed his lips.
“JARVIS, take us home buddy.”
Steve had felt tears sting his eyes the first few days. But now he too felt numb with the exception of the pure, unadulterated guilt that flowed through his body every second of every damn day. He was stuck watching the love of his life sob with terror and pain and there was nothing he could do about it.
He felt himself floating before realizing that Steve was carrying him to another spot where the log wasn’t shattered behind him.
“Come on Tony, it’s not that hard to open your mouth!!” He did it again.
” Steve smirked. While Tony tried to educate JARVIS about how the A.I. could bypass the security system (with JARVIS already knowing what he needed to do and already having tried all of Tony’s suggestions before Tony even thought of them), Steve made his way to the sliding doors.
Tony stumbled and stared defiantly before responding “Uhm. Duh. I’m pretty fucking fantastic.” He marched over to the mini-bar, grabbing a shot-sized bottle of whiskey before Steve rushed over and yanked it from his hand.
He swallowed.
“Help…” His voice rang out.
The sound of silence was the only response that Steve got.
“Well maybe you deserved it!” The testosterone began to build with the anger and both men were now in a stand off across from each other.
Steve couldn’t remember the last time his hands shook so badly, but he knew it was some time ago. Captain America rarely got rattled… but Steve Rogers did. And the fact that he was about to hurt this man, broke his heart into more pieces than the shattered bone underneath his gentle fingers.
“I want exactly what you want, Captain Rogers.” Hammer smiled again, “To fuck your boyfriend raw.”
Hammer, ignoring Steve, crouched down and pressed pointer finger and thumb into the flesh of Tony’s cheeks, popping his mouth open painfully. Justin took the fingers of his other hand and slid them into Tony’s mouth, rubbing the calloused digits against his dry and dehydrated tongue. After a second of humiliation, Hammer pulled his fingers out with a slightly sadistic smile and rubbed them along Tony’s forehead, releasing his face and standing up.
Three shots and a quick elevator ride later, both men were standing in the snazziest speakeasy that Steve had ever seen. There were bookshelves lining the wall, but they would pull back occasionally and reveal secret meeting rooms where groups of people laughed in a cacophonous manner. The lighting was a soft yellow glow and dark wood lined the floors. The waitstaff was donned in flapper outfits for the ladies and black and white suits for the gentleman. Globes of lights were strung above the wooden tables and barrels of whiskey and Steve felt, once again, entranced.
He sauntered backwards quietly. He would be back. He would be prepared. And they would suffer.
“I don’t really think it’s fair to bring that up-“
“Oh yeah, I didn’t think of that.” Steve rolled off the bed and thundered downstairs like a child at Christmas, before scrounging through his neatly folded clothes by the chaise.
“What was that Cap? Remind me to fix your comm when we get home. See you inside!” Tony continued walking into the hallway, remaining alert as his scanners processed the long stretch of lights before him.
Steve lifted Tony up even further and straddled the bike, raising it off the kick stand and bringing it into a neutral position perpendicular to the ground. As he lowered his straddling legs, he slid Tony’s asshole down over the dildo, earning a stifled cry from the smaller man as he enveloped the dildo in whole.
Hammer was touching him lightly again, hands running along his body, until they settled on his butt cheeks again, pulling them apart in a sadistic, yet tender fashion. Hammer let go of one and pulled a tube from his pants pocket, popping open the lid and turning it so it saturated his fingers with a clear liquid.
fashion.
“Tony… please.”
With that, Steve yanked, chains snapping easily under the combination of his weight and the force he put behind it with his rippling arm muscles. He elbowed back, slamming into Justin’s groin. Steve yanked one foot up, the bolts flying out from their seated position and allowing Steve full freedom of movement. Steve proceeded to take out every henchman with ease, naked body flying with precision and energy.
Steve had been shocked. His mouth had opened and closed repeatedly as Tony looked at him with hopeful eyes. Tony had stammered, speaking quickly as soon as he noticed Steve’s lack of response.
“It’ll be okay…. It’ll be okay...it’ll be okay.” The mantra was repeated over and over as Steve’s panic attack worsened and then quelled over time. Eventually Tony was sewn up and Steve found himself sitting solemnly on an empty cot, tears soaking his pants and nails chewed down to his fingertips.
not a piece of meat!” It was said like Steve was defending the waiter but really, he couldn’t help but agree, as well as be a bit jealous that he wasn’t the one absorbing all of Tony’s attention.
Steve wrapped his arms gently around the mechanic, avoiding the spots of broken skin lining Tony’s torso. Steve allowed himself to pretend for a moment that they were back at the tower. Lying in Tony’s double king-sized bed. Laughing. Smiling. Tony’s smile could light up a whole room, Steve thought. And when it did, Steve would nuzzle his lips into the crook of Tony’s neck, softly lining it with kisses, licks, and nibbles as the man moaned beneath him…
Hammer was a raging dick monster, but at least he hadn’t sexually violated Tony this time. He wasn’t sure how much of that he could take. Physical beatings hurt and knocked him down a few pegs, but it was the sexual stuff that made him want to go into a faraway mental cavern and never come out.
He walked before at least a mile before turning around. He was exhausted and started to feel his head swell from the humidity and heat. He was so thirsty that he licked a bead of sweat off of his bicep; the saltiness was bitter and did him no good.
“Michael.” Instead, the guy took a step back and outstretched his hand. Tony looked at the opened palm that was extended in a peace offering but chose not to take it. Michael shrugged and pocketed both of his hands. “I apologize. Patricia can be difficult when I am explaining certain things to her. She has attention deficit dis-“
“Aye, boss.”
to- why would you ever want to hurt them?” He was quiet, but Tony spoke clearly as if he was debating whether or not to bring it up and how exactly to broach the subject with Steve.
Mrs. Likart looked no better. She was suspended on the kitchen fan solely by her hair, scalp slowly pulling away from her skull. Her limbs were bent stiffly and strictly against their normal positions; knees bent backwards and elbows snapped in half.
“Wh-where- where’s Antione?” he finally got out, throat hoarse. The shadows stopped moving and one stepped into the light slowly, introducing one body part at a time as he stepped through the rays.
All of the Avengers lived happily ever after.
Eventually Fury had approached him and, in typical Fury fashion, verbally smacked Steve into calm submission. Fifteen minutes later, the Director had Tony on one of the few spare cots left, anti-toxin in the hands of the doctor, and nurses on their way from toxin victims and towards Tony’s more immediate situation. The bunks were stationed in a cleared out warehouse nearby the SHEILD headquarters, rows of army green cots filled with victims lining the floor.
The mechanic continued coughing, until he was woken up by the fit that wracked his body. Tony tried to sit up but cried out when his arm drug from its stationary spot on the ground. His arm burned like someone had lit it on fire and his chest felt as if he had been sprayed with shotgun pellets.
“His heart is beating, but barely. No respiration.” Clint made hand signals and soon a helicraft flew down, setting down what was nearby judging from the thrumming sound of the propellers.
Okie dokie. One more chapter and then it shall be done. Thank you all for your comments and kudos; they are always appreciated!
Steve shook his head, realizing his focus had shifted from the battle in front of him towards the emotional battle that raged in his mind and chest. He thrusted his shield into an opposing agent with a little more than typical aggression.
and poured himself a quarter tumbler before sipping it gingerly. He puckered his mouth and shook his head at the strength of the first swallow. He then brought out his phone and walked over to the digital panel for music control.
Steve could hear light murmurs, and, after a few minutes, Tony’s breathing slowed, shoulders hunching forward in exhausted defeat.
Tony thought before the panic flushed into his body. He began to fight, good arm weakly wrapping around the metal hand and attempting to pry it off of his neck.
Realizing what he had just done, Steve pulled back in embarrassment. He coughed and stood up, walking away with his hands on his hips. He left the encampment.
Eventually the beach lit up bright enough that he was able to make out shadows of bodies littering the shore. They had started to give off a smell, so Steve began breathing through his mouth. The bodies were bloated and pale. There were men and women. Steve spotted a pair of thin white legs sticking out from beneath a poodle skirt and felt a pain in his heart- as soon as he found Tony and made sure he was safe, he would lay the bodies to rest.
He pulled back a sheer to expose a little shred of the scenery outside. Initially, the sunlight blinded him, but after his eyes adjusted, Steve saw they were still at port and that their suite was facing towards the vast expanse of the ocean. Sunlight glittered on the water’s surface and Steve smiled slightly, appreciating the beauty that this world was blessed with.
He sniffled occasionally and muttered small words asking for Steve to respond to him. His crying seemed to worsen the dehydration that was already taking its toll on him and he soon found himself crazy for water. When he finally stopped crying enough to stand, he noticed the tree line that laid before him. There were coconuts on the tops of the trees, but none on the ground, which he normally would find interesting but couldn’t give a rat’s ass about now.
Big arms slipped under the crook of his knees and his neck and he felt himself rising up into the air, being carried. This didn’t concern Tony initially, but after his brain began to come to, he started to flail, cursing and whining as he looked up at Steve carrying him.
He fell to his knees at Steve’s side, scanning the man quickly for any immediate damage.
The hospital room window was frosted over as a snow storm brewed outside, white dust collecting on the window pane and glass shaking with the force of the wind outside.
He looked up and saw ceiling-secured chains bound to a set of manacles restricting his wrists. His fingers were already pale from lack of blood flow to them and he was sure that half of his light-headedness was the result of blood rushing down the veins in his arms and to his head. There was red crusted around the edges of the shackles and Tony didn’t know if it was his blood or the person’s before him.
The fear finally made its way out of Tony’s mouth now that Steve couldn’t hear how weak he was.
It all appeared in slow motion to Steve. He saw Tony’s face one last time, saw the blue eyes open wide in shock, confusion, and fear as he hovered above deep oceans threatening to swallow him whole. Tony was conscious. Tony was terrified. Tony fell with an unexpected screech.
“You are having a panic attack, Sir. I will let Captain Rogers in now to administer medical help, per order execution 564.”
A few minutes of soaping and washing occurred and then the henchmen left Steve, wet and, Tony assumed, cold. He wanted nothing more than to rush over to his lover and hold him, both of them receiving comfort from the other, but his manacles still dug into the flesh of his wrists, unmoving and ever-present.
Steve was silent for a moment before turned his head back to the pitiful man. “Don’t be such a baby.”
The lab was quiet, save for a few moans. DUM-E and U were shut down, snoozing while their master did the same. The mechanic laid face first on his desk, drool collecting on papers below his hands. Every minute or so his shoulders would shift, and a moan would escape his parted lips. The cries echoed through the empty space.
“’Sup buddy. Hey, I know you are just now entering the system, but can you hack into any of the other onboard suites’ speaker systems? This mission is easy peasy, Cap. Seriously, with JARVIS we can figure out where Kang’s guys are in a matter of minutes.” Tony looked over the rim of his sunglasses and smirked. “Then, we get to call S.H.E.I.L.D., have them come get these bastards, and
“You know what I’ll be doing on the nights I get dibs on the bed!” Tony winked and realized that his statement was more flirtatious than he meant it to be. He cast his eyes up to the ceiling and walked back to the top of the stairs as the Captain grinned and shook his head in good-humored denial.
“If that’s the case then I am hellaciously optimistic right now…” Tony’s hand rose dismissively after his final comment, shushing Steve to allow him to think. Steve pursued his lips in acceptance and tried to form thoughts that may contribute towards their escape.
Tony’s mind began calculating as he was tossed around like a ragdoll. When he checked before their cruise departure, there had been a light cloud coverage predicted for about halfway through their trip, and, after he hacked into the weather station’s satellites, he determined that the clouds should have dissipated as they approached them. Could he have pegged this wrong? He was a futurist, but he was no meteorologist…despite what the genius might occasionally argue.
Steve gasped as his head popped out from the bag and his lungs filled with fresh air. He opened his mouth to speak as his eyes darted around the room, but one of Hammer’s stooges quickly forced a gag into his mouth, silencing him. His eyes finally settled on the beaten form of his lover, taking in Tony’s various bruises and bloody wrists. Steve clenched his fists and turned his gaze angrily to Hammer.
“Hold on…. We are going to get you home and safe…”
Tony calculated that his level of fucked was moderate to severe and that it was going to be a painful next few hours… or days… maybe weeks. His breathing quickened and his lips felt cold as ice as he sucked air in between them. The genius closed his eyes and worked through the mindfulness techniques that the therapist Pepper set him up with had talked him through. He liked to give the guy a hard way to go, but really the techniques
“When you are feeling better, I will show you the camp. It’s definitely four-star as far as beach hotels go.” He winked, face faltering when Tony started up in an another fit of coughing. The hand on Tony’s chest lightened and rubbed in circles.
“No.”
Tony’s whole body was shaking uncontrollably. This was half due to the adrenaline that flowed through his body and half due to the dropping temperature in the bunker. Steve estimated that is was below 30 Fahrenheit and was only to get colder as night arrived. He gently lifted the mechanic’s head and pulled his shirt from its makeshift pillow form, billowing it out to cover Tony’s legs and torso.
“You ready?”
“Tony, I have to.”
The Iron Man propulsers zoomed over Steve’s head. He raised his shield against the bullets that began peppering him as he pushed his way forward through the battlefield. Trying to match Tony’s wit with his own was a lost cause and frustration began seeping through the Captain’s voice.
Hammer tilted his head and let out a shrill whistle. His employees ran into the room like whipped dogs.
“You looked good the other night, Tony.”
He sighed, letting his head gently fall back against a rock. Looking up into the blue sky, Tony thought that he appreciated the serenity of the island (despite Steve) and that it was a nice refresh from his normal, paparazzi-frequented life. However, his lab and the bots, the team… he missed them all and, in his melancholy, began to close his eyes thinking happy thoughts of being welcomed back from their extended “vacation”.
Steve stared at him blankly, not wanting to share the details, but knowing he had to. He cleared his throat.
“What-“
The fever had died down slowly. Steve took cloths of cool seawater to Tony’s head to cool him when he moaned of being too warm and he would sidle next to him when he was too cold. Steve got used to sleeping with the small man in the crook of his body. The man’s scent and pheromones, although odorous at times, seemed wild and feral to Steve; many a night he found his groin hardened by Tony’s body movement as he shifted, brushing against him. Many a night he had to leave the encampment to relieve himself, often crying in shame after his cum had spilled over his palm.
The genius slowly smiled, albeit a little arrogantly. “I
“Tony…”
“Friday! Warn the team!” Tony’s command was too late as, what Tony assumed to be advanced technology blockers, took his trusted AI away from him in the blink of an eye. It soon took his suit from him as well, the ground shaking as the metal clamored to the floor in pieces.
Swinging his garment bags around on his broad left shoulder, Steve had paid the attendant with cash and a bashful smile. Tony had been uncharacteristically quiet behind him, mouth set in a thin line and eyes treading over the expanse of Steve’s new wardrobe.
Steve’s brain needed to work faster but all he could do was stare at the wound on Tony’s stomach. The shaking of Tony’s jaw as he shivered in his senseless state. The beads of sweat sliding down Tony’s golden forehead.
The lights above him remained flickering, but the lights several meters away were gone, generating a dark tunnel for the rest of the hallway. The hallway was tilted downwards and various items slipped down the slope towards the darkness.
help with minor moments of panic and when his brain was running a million miles a minute… which was all the time but that was beside the point.
The customer service desk did nothing for them. In fact, Tony was pretty sure that it increased his risk for stomach ulcers by 2%. They merely shrugged the two men off and, again, Tony saw the tattoos emblazoned on the desk keeper’s wrist. He told Steve about his concerns, including the tattoos and whether the staff was part of Kang’s crew or not. Though Steve had not witnessed the tattoos, Tony was happy to hear that Steve met his concerns.
With his acute level of hearing, Steve could hear the trickle of water and fear spiked within him. It had been a while since he had been trapped in a giant body of water, but the thought still terrified him.
Tony blinked and put on his people façade. “Come on buddy, can I offer you a tip to let him through? Here my ID will work just fine, and he is with me.” Tony took his ID between his pointer and middle finger, coolly twisting it and handing it to the attendant whose nametag read “Brahn”.
The waiter smiled awkwardly, congratulated them, and then proceeded to take their orders. Steve ordered enough food for six grown men while Tony ordered a glass of red wine (“
.” He stalked after Steve when the larger man began walking up the ramp, stifling a giggle at Tony’s indignation.
They had cut him. Broken his arm. Doused him in freezing cold water as they waterboarded him. The icy water had slightly helped with the pain from his lacerations and arm as it had numbed his nerves.
“You are gonna have to bust that window and swim. I will be a bit slower, but I will be close behind okay?” Steve recognized Tony’s bluff and wrapped his arm around the smaller man’s waist.
Steve preferred the busy sounds of the city; car horns, people shouting and cajoling, and the occasional ‘hot dog, get ya hot dogs!’ from the street vendors. But here he was, stuck on an island with a sick man who he may or may not have feelings for. That was to be determined… if Tony even lived.
At this point in time, Hulk had picked up Scar and held him over his head, shaking the lion up and down until gold birds flew in a circle around the feline’s black mane.
“You… left,” he croaked.
Tony, fear paralyzing his mind, recognized that he himself was screaming as well. Screaming at them to let Steve go.
Hammer removed a remote from his pocket, pressed a button, and several screen projections lit up the concrete walls. Tony’s friends. His comrades. Chained and beaten and each with a gun mere inches from their heads.
Blinking, Steve looked the bed up and down, settling back into Tony’s ocean blue eyes and the soft lines on his face. He thought about their recent moment in the doorway and all of those times that they had argued, closing in on each other as the tension grew greater and Steve’s animosity turned into a subtle passion. He thought about sleeping next to Tony and immediately felt the palpitations in his gut again.
Steve didn’t know when rescue was on the way. When or
As if on cue, Steve immediately swung his leg over the bike and pulled Tony off of the bike. He threw his foot into the kick stand, propping the bike up, turned the passion-crazy Tony around so that his ass was in plain sight of Steve’s prying eyes. He wanted a quick taste before he fucked him, a quick lick of the red puckering hole.
“Tony… look at me.”
By Steve’s calculations, it had been several days since Justin had been in their cell. Steve’s body was burning up from the plastic body bag’s containment of his body heat, and his shoulders were sore from the metal bar digging into them to hold him in place. They had removed the gag from his mouth at least. Which only served to remind him how hungry he was. The serum required copious amounts of food and he was definitely not meeting his daily calorie needs.
“I’m back. I’m back. I’m sorry.”
Tony’s shoulders were inflamed and swollen from being held in such an awkward position over his head for so long and from lack of use. His arms hung limply by his sides and his legs were bent weakly as he unintentionally delivered his total body weight into Steve’s embrace.
” Tears still poured down the abused man’s cheeks.
“Dude, do you really think now is the appropriate time to sunbathe?” They had made it to the upper decks and were now gazing down at the port longingly. Tony turned his gaze at the super soldier’s profile in ticked astonishment.
Tony felt his eyes glaze over and he couldn’t hold it anymore. His third orgasm wracked his whole body as his semen spilled out beneath his bent over body. He felt Steve pulsing inside of him and felt the man’s hot liquid pool out from his dick and into his open belly.
“Once our team comes for us, and they will come for us, I am going to beat you into a pulp with my shield.”
The padding and ship materials prevented sounds from penetrating into the upper decks where cruise-goers could hear them. Thus, the bottom mechanical deck was a perfect spot for torture.
After a time, Steve had lost faith that anyone was coming to rescue them. He was always one to remain hopeful and optimistic in the face of uncertainty and torture, but the days had worn him down and he was no longer sure if there was any possibility of their friends coming to save them.
Steve’s hands shook as he, for once, felt at a loss. He couldn’t see. Tony was dying. He didn’t know where he was. There was rubble all around him and multiple places on his body hurt. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to calm his brain.
Tony leaned on the wooden railing across from Steve and crossed his arms uncomfortably. It was awkward, as they both stared at the floor, occasionally glancing at each other only to cast their eyes a different direction; they were the only two people in this elevator and both men were having trouble keeping their eyes from connecting with the other’s.
“Okay. Drinks first. Then dancing.”
Michael smiled and clapped a hand on Tony’s back, much to Tony’s disgust. As the abusive grease-monkey guided them back to the bar, the sleeve of his short sleeve shirt pulled up and revealed a similar, sword-shaped tattoo imprinted on his bicep.
The disguise for Antoine was simple. Tony had asked his biochemist friend to loan him some of his hair growth serum and then applied it onto the jawline of his face. Initially his whole beard, goatee and all, had grown at the same rate and he had looked ridiculous: black, grey and brown hairs all different lengths along his chin. Once it was trimmed up to the same length all over, Tony thought he looked good.
“I’m not really sure… but it probably wouldn’t hurt and may even ease your nerves! I’ll stay the night on the couch to keep you company with J gone and then in the morning we’ll pretend to be Catholic and enlist some help. For now, let’s make some food.”
“STEVE! STEVE PLEASE!” His voice was hoarse as he shouted for help, eyes clenched shut.
He reached out a cold hand and slipped his fingers through Tony’s non-broken ones, squeezing tightly for comfort. He could feel every crease between the pads of Tony’s palm and could feel the heat radiating from the mechanic’s body. He moved down from his squat on the rock and slid his body around Tony’s, hoping to cool him with his cold form and hoping to warm himself from Tony’s febrile one.
Tony was side eyeing the man, not turning his head towards him as a façade of confidence and fearlessness. “Who the fuck isn’t? Collection of nerves in one precise location…I’ve taken martial arts for years and took basic anatomy in middle school… cut to the chase.”
Throughout the whole medical process, they had remained clasping hands and no one would remove one for the other. Steve was warmed up slowly and his wounds were stitched up or butterfly bandaged. Tony… was another story altogether. Steve had tried his best to set his arm, but it was set incorrectly, so they had to re-break and then re-set. Fortunately, Tony had been unconscious the whole time… nothing like it was when Steve had to fix his arm in the bunker.
Again. Again. A few minutes passed. Again.
Eventually they bid each other adieu and went their separate ways, the husband and wife going one way and the fraudulent husbands going the other.
“Just
The super soldier inspected his throbbing palms and found them to be bloody, slits of skin on each former callus. He turned towards Tony to commiserate and his worry spiked drastically.
The screams finally stopped. He imagined Steve unconscious or Steve huffing as he processed his pain. His despair turned to rage as if he was cycling through the 5 stages of grief within a span of fifteen minutes.
Steve sniffed in approval and shuffled back over to the rock pile, moving piece by piece with a robotic stare.
“Tony, tony, tony… what’s going on?” Steve stood next to him in a denim jacket lined with Sherpa, a ball cap, and dark-faded jeans. His hand immediately went to the mechanic’s chest and started palming the Arc reactor as if it were the source of Tony’s trauma.
“I think so…” Steve’s voice was quiet and small. Tears filled his eyes and the doctor could tell his heart ached.
Steve was standing in the entrance to the encampment. Watching Tony’s chest rise and fall methodically. He was worried about his friend…
Tony inspected the stairs on three limbs, arm tucked close to his stomach. His chest heaved as he tried to catch his breath in quick hisses. They were at the end of the ship. The stairs led to the upper floors, but at this angle, there was no way to climb them. The stairs were their last option and there was no way to make physics work in their favor to get to them.
After a while Steve quieted and though still sniffling, apologized.
Panic attacks were common as were random bouts of anger and tears. The outbursts were more common when the Avengers would get close to finally catching Hammer but would fail to nab him at the last minute. Fear would settle into the lines on his face and he would instinctively wrap his arms around his lower abdomen. He would set his mouth in a thin line and shout at the messenger, shout at them out of fear rather than anger.
Steve turned his head.
Hammer walked back over to Tony and dove his knee into the smaller man’s gut, causing him to sputter and cough from the shock to his ribs and internal organs. Next came a swift kick to his knees, causing them to crack painfully as Tony fell forward, supported only by the chains on his arms. His bad wrist was yanked by the manacle and Tony cried out in discomfort.
“I am
Tony had taken some of the rocks and sticks beside him and fashioned some sort of sundial. It didn’t work very well since it was shrouded by the forest line and wasn’t directly in the sun, but it made Tony feel useful to do something. He estimated that it could be an hour or two off, so it was either 3 pm or 1 pm or 5 pm... or 2 pm or 4 pm, he had no fucking idea. He guessed around 3 pm, just by looking at the sun lowering into the sky.
“Stop that right now Steven Rogers. Stop turning everything I say into slutty slurs.” Tony stomped a foot as Steve raised up to look Tony in the eyes.
His hands clenched the railing tightly and instead of shaking in fear, began shaking in rage. He turned slowly to the pig-faced man, eyes a dangerous shade of blue, but Steve saw nothing other than red.
While Tony was not a religious man, he prayed for any infection to subside and for the inflammation to increase the immunity flowing within his arm.
Justin moaned, and Tony screamed in rage, throwing his head around and shaking uncontrollably.
Steve’s eyes had filled with gravity defying tears and he had continued his work unceremoniously, trying to ignore his lover’s heart wrenching cries. Within 5 minutes, Tony’s bullet wound had been flushed and taped with gauze. Steve wrapped a spare pilot’s uniform around his massive chest and cinched the belt snugly to his slim waist, feeling protected and comfortable for the first time after weeks sitting in the body bag and vulnerable nudity.
“Yes, Tony…”
Tony chuckled weakly but began coughing at the strain. His body shook as he attempted to cough out the infection that was taking over his water-logged lungs. He used his good arm to push against the boulder beside him, stabilizing himself into a sitting position. His bad arm drug across the ground and he whimpered between coughs. Tony’s eyes squeezed shut in pain.
They slid into the elevator, Tony sliding back against the wall into a sitting position on the ground. Eventually, he splayed his legs outwards before smirking up at the super soldier.
The anti-toxin was used to wake Bruce up, who then recreated the anti-toxin with ease; Banner was disappointed that SHIELD hadn’t created it sooner. It had been 4 weeks of coma induced New Yorkers and only 16 hours to wake everyone up. Everyone but Tony.
They made their way up to the encampment, Steve sliding into the sand as he walked. Tony’s head nodded against his chest and the soldier was 99% sure that he had finally fallen asleep. Quietly he approached Tony’s pallet by Billie and laid him down.
Tony realized he needed to prepare for the worst.
Once Steve had pulled the restraint free, Tony’s body collapsed lopsidedly causing him to scream; this was the first time his shoulder had been released from an upwards position in almost a week. Steve tried to ignore the tears seeping from the corners of Tony’s eyes as he grabbed the chain binding the left side and released it from its hold as easily as the first one.
“Patricia, when I am speaking to you, do
There was a small opening where the sticks lining their fencing ceased to stand. That was the door and Steve stood in the gap for a moment, admiring his hard work, eyes ultimately settling on Tony. He had been avoiding this the entire night, Tony knew. He walked over to the mechanic and set with a plop in the sand beside him.
Steve was slightly impressed with Tony. Sure, Tony came off misogynistic and like a playboy, but obviously, there was more than meets the eye. However, this drama was not helping this case at all. He muttered Tony’s name under his breath, hoping the other man would hear him and calm down.
Finally, his eyelids squeezed shut and the fire in his belly turned into spurts of hot, white cum into Steve’s hand.
For a second, he wanted to steal this moment. He inhaled the smell of Tony’s salty, sweaty hair and wrapped one muscular arm across Tony’s waist, careful of his injured arm.
Finally, when he threw open the last door before the lighting ended, he found Tony. The man was underneath a heavy table, struggling to push it off of himself with one arm. The other arm was slung against Tony’s chest. He was bloody and sweat was matted to him. He still donned the same black pants and buttery leather shoes that Steve had admired mere hours before.
Tony’s naked body had been drenched in sweat and when Steve felt the mechanic’s moist forehead he almost pulled back from the searing heat. He grabbed a blanket from the supplies box under the Captain’s seat and wrapped it gingerly around Tony’s waist and chest.
After maneuvering around the crowd of people that moved nonchalantly through the lower decks of shopping plazas and 24-hour eateries, they made it to the elevator and hopped in to slowly rise to their room on the 10th floor.
With those words, Hammer took his lubed fingers and fiddled with Tony’s rectum, swirling around the puckered hole. Tony clenched uncontrollably and winced as Hammer shoved two fingers in at a time. The villain didn’t wait for Tony to adjust at all and merely shoved an additional finger in, pulsating them back and forth against Tony’s prostate and subsequently added an in and out motion into the mix.
The panic attack hit him in a wave. He shot his good arm out to his side and felt around the ground, looking for anything that may help him. He grasped what he suspected was a rock the size of his fist and brought it up in front of his face. The edges of his vision were beginning to darken as his blood pressure skyrocketed and circulating oxygen decreased, but he could clearly see the rock he was shakily grasping.
“Yeah but you don’t disagree…” When Steve shrugged his head to the side, he realized that Tony’s comment was a trap, especially when the genius’s smile turned into a broad, seemingly knowing grin. “Called it!”
” More back beating.
He yelled over the roar of the water for Tony to swim. They began kicking, rising with the water, towards the window. 8 feet away. 7 feet. 3 feet.
“Your observation skills are pristine.” Tony looked down and witnessed the hand holding. Initially he was confused, but slowly rapped his fingers tighter around Steve’s palm, comfortable. “So… you don’t just like me when it is a life or death situation?”
Another stooge walked over to Hammer, gently unzipping the man’s suit pants for him and pulling out his hardened, throbbing cock; it bounced as Hammer began walking closer to Tony.
The light from the gauntlet was flickering, power supply almost drained.
Tony thought about his declaration of love to Steve… and about how the other man turned him down.
“Please, no. Please…” He began to cry in mantra. After a few meters of Steve limping and dragging the man towards the only stable wall in the immediate area, Tony went slack into unconsciousness.
Hammer smiled sadistically as Tony’s cries sounded out in the background. Blood was pooling underneath him in the water and Steve could see several skin tears along his torso from the pressure of the jet stream.
“Now that you are a little more subdued, let’s get this ball on the roll.” Justin snuck in between Tony and the wall so that the men were facing each other, Tony slightly lower as he was still on his knees. “Bite and you and Cap eat bullets.”
“My guests! My beautiful, beautiful… slightly bruised and beaten up guests. I am
Tony, having downed his first olive martini, moved brusquely over to the mini-bar and inspected his options, finger pointing at each label as he moved across the row of alcohol bottles. Finally, he settled on some
After a brief glance among them, they turned, locked arms, and walked down the closed ramp to the ID scanner that allowed them to enter port. Halfway down the walkway, the metal covering opened to reveal a bright, shining sky. The sun blared down on Steve’s shoulders and he couldn’t help but close his eyes into half-moons and smile in happiness.
Punches flew between the two men, fists slamming into each other’s bodies. Steve was bleeding out of the corners of his mouth and from his nostrils but refused to give up beating on the man who had killed Tony. His friend. His… Tony.
“Alright. What’s the plan?” Steve looked down from the ledge, inspecting the pathway that they had already climbed through. He could see the water rising steadily despite the dim lighting. Lights snapped, glass shattering into the abyss as the liquid shorted the electrical work. It was going to be pitch black in a matter of seconds.
“I’m here, I’m here,” Steve said in a rushed, yet soothing voice. Tony was having a panic attack, gasping for air. Tears leaked from the corners of his eyes as he shoved the table and yanked against the chains binding him.
Steve teetered behind Tony, half from the instability of the ship and half from blood loss. There was a small ledge to their right created by a wall connecting to the ceiling. It could just barely fit two people but seeing as the ship’s angle was becoming more vertical, they would soon slip down their post on the ceiling like a slide or, if enough time passed, eventually just fall as if through an elevator shaft.
Cap met no resistance as he charged up the stairs, completely avoiding the elevators. People moved over to let him by as he took the steps two at a time, ascending to the level that their room was on.
The man laughed, releasing his hold on the mechanic and, to Tony, seemingly disappeared.
After 5 minutes, he was dry and the fan shut off. Tony let out an audible sigh through chattering teeth. “I f-f-fucking h-h-ate you.” He managed to get out.
While Steve stood in shock, the child suddenly screamed bloody murder and chucked Tony's body over Steve like a ragdoll. The mechanic landed beyond the couch with a sick thud.
A vast ocean was before him. Light green and blue waves splashing happily over the shore as if there had never been a storm here. There we no ships in sight, no islands, no nothing. Just ocean and sky. Tony looked on in shock and misunderstanding of where he was.
“Baby… how do I help… how can I help? You sacrificed everything to keep me alive…. To save me… I don’t-I don’t know how to help, Baby.”
Weirdly, Tony’s feverish brain made Steve’s entire body glisten and sparkle in the firelight. He looked as if he was sprinkled was gold flakes. Tony, still hyperventilating, smiled hysterically at the sight, half delirious and half happy.
Tony found himself incapable of speaking and thus waved a lone hand to signal JARVIS to send his friend away.
Of course, there was no response, but Steve laughed, “I agree, the world may never know.”
“I tried rebooting him multiple times with no success. My tablet was also screwed with; I can’t even run through the software to figure out what time JARVIS went down. I connected my spare system too and it’s like my whole tablet went haywire.” Genuine confusion was splayed across Tony’s face.
Tony lay face first on the ground, broken arm twisted under him and legs splayed out unceremoniously.
“Spill.” Steve looked like an over grown child as he criss-crossed his legs.
He tossed the piece of furniture to his left, boat lurching again and flinging him on top of Tony, chest to chest. The genius howled as Steve’s pecs slammed into his wounded arm. As soon as he could, Steve rolled off of him and grabbed the chains that were still looped around the piping on the ceiling.
He slowly pulled his hand from where it attached to Tony’s, a frozen layer of sweat between the appendages causing his hand to stick. He pulled firmly and with a snap, they separated.
Steve Rogers was proud when he finally found out what had transpired while he and Tony were in Hammer’s clutches. The reverse was true when the citizens found out that Steve had grabbed the anti-toxin from the abandoned missile silo where the two men were kept captive.
“Leave me, Steve…” it came out as barely a whisper, but the super soldier heard it loud and clear.
As always, there was no fear in Steve’s voice, just determination and a slight bit of anger towards the situation.
“Hey... hey.... Tony” Steve ran, falling into the deep sand and landing on his knees by the mechanic. His arms slid under Tony’s body and raised him up, leaning him back against the tree. “It’s okay, it’s okay.” Beside him, Steve dug into the ground, eventually revealing several coarse round coconuts. He pulled one out and began pounding it against the sharp rock stanchioned a few feet away from Tony.
“Tony, I know
As soon as they were out of the room, Steve put his escape plan into effect. As the next lurch was impending towards his right, Steve positioned himself on the left. He hissed with the pain in his chest. When the boat rocked right, he threw himself with it, the force of his throw and the boat’s changing velocity snapping the pipes that his chains were attached to overhead.
Steve got him home as promised, but the latter was yet to be seen. He had rushed into the SHIELD headquarters carrying Tony’s blanket-wrapped, limp body in his arms, vial of anti-toxin in Tony’s lap, and demanded a doctor. Several of the SHIELD techs had tried to calm him, but Steve, unknowing of the current toxin situation, had argued and begun to yell, stress and worry evident in his temperament.
Steve coughed and pulled his hand from the heavy thing firmly until it released. He heard a hiss of air as he did so and, confused, patted beside him to feel something soft and squishy. He blinked and rolled to his side until he was able to make out what was adjacent to him.
Days turned into weeks and weeks into months, until finally Tony could walk and even talk similarly to how he used to before Hammer’s crimes against him. Often Tony would look off into the distance and Steve would wave a hand in front of his eyes jokingly, until he realized what drew Tony’s attention.
“Okay…” Steve didn’t and pulled his mouth from Tony’s, moving along his bearded cheek and down to the crook where his collarbone met his neck. He sucked and licked the tender skin as Tony’s breath quickened. The mechanic’s good hand wound its fingers across Steve’s newly grown blonde hair, and pulled his face closer into his flesh, whimpering as Steve let a little nip of skin scathe between his teeth.
The body was suffering from a severe case of water bloat that was worsened by the extreme temperature. Tony just noticed the sun beating down on him as sweat beaded and slipped along his forehead. He was no doctor, but he knew enough to estimate the time for absorption of water through the tissues of the skin. The body had been in the water at least 3 hours and who knows how long since it had washed up on shore.
“I took the fastest fucking-“
That was never a good word. No matter who was saying it. Steve had learned from the internet that ‘yep’ and ‘k’ were death sentences. Irritation was universal.
“Tony, I told you not to come in here by yourself! I- I mean
“You really need to work on your pet names Rog-I mean Richards.” Tony thought he noticed a bit of genuine jealousy in Steve's eyes but his genius brain decided that this observation was implausible; he bit back any comments that he wanted to blurt out in typical Tony Stark fashion.
It was dark, but there was a soft hum and glowing orb in Tony’s vision. He wondered briefly if he died and the afterlife
“No, you don’t understand,” Tony’s face wrinkled up as his eyebrows nestled closely to the bridge of his nose. “He’s the only thing securing this place. Without him anything-anyone can access the house and I can’t… I can’t be without that sense of security.” Tony rambled on, clearly disturbed, and started making grand gestures with his hands as if the movement would suddenly bring his automated butler back to life.
Frustrated, Steve walked to Tony, slipped an arm around his waist and began guiding him to the elevator so they could retire to their suite.
“What?” Tony looked up at Steve with mild worry, “Oh, yeah that’s no problem. We can rotate on who has the bed versus floor, or maybe the couch if there is one?” Steve felt a slight twinge in his solar plexus but he smirked and nodded his head downward as he saw Tony’s face contort to the idea of sleeping on a couch.
“Shit… please, Steve.”
“Antione, we need to make it to dinner before you fulfill your alcoholic desires, please.” Steve squeezed his hand and pursed his lips, looking sideways into Tony’s eyes. Tony rocked his head side to side in a
Steve pushed himself up, grabbed the piece of cloth, and turned it back into his bag, angrily shoving the coconuts into the satchel.
But first he had to find water.
JARVIS rang loud and clear over the speakers to their room, ensuring that his volume was reverberating at the appropriate level for Steve’s serum-intensified eardrums. Steve gave a slight nod in hello.
they were teammates. Colleagues. It would get in the way. It would ruin their friendship and teamwork if it didn’t work out. It was impossible. The team would judge them.
Scar had killed a fellow lion and caused millions to bawl as the lion’s son snuggled him under a broken tree branch. It is very frowned upon to kill animals in movies and many of the ladies and gentlemen of the Disney Brick Universe were calling for Scar to be placed into a ceaseless block pit of which he could never escape. In the block pit, villains were subjected to “Let it Go” by Elsa on continuous repeat.
Thank you for all the kudos! Please keep em coming; they really help me continue writing this. For a while I wasn't sure I wanted to finish it... or if it was even worth finishing. But your encouragement helps. :) <3 Tonee
Brahn stared at him with the same lackluster face before swiping Tony’s card and having the same piercing sound fill the air. “You both need to go to customer service.”
I hope you guys like the chapter!!
“It-it’s-ve-very-c-c-cold.” Steve’s teeth chattered, and he removed his hands from laying limply at Tony’s sides to wrap around his chest awkwardly.
Tony fell to his side again, this time settling on his good arm and curling into a fetal position, bringing the kitten close to his chest for warm. He willed tears to seep from the corners of his eyes, but his body was to devoid of water to do so, so he went into a feverish sleep instead.
“Seriously.” Tony blinked. “Seth. You will have plenty of opportunities to go in the future. I will take you myself, but right now we need to figure this out.” He snapped his fingers in front of Steve’s face, with the soldier turning his attention to Tony promptly.
Please believe
“You mean
Tony was cursing inwardly, brain barely functioning as he tried to pull against his chains when he saw the henchmen run in with the pressure washer. Tears were pooling in the divot of his clavicle.
Tony remained silent and watched as they drug the large man over to the chains, clearly still struggling with his massive size. They wrapped the manacles around his wrists and began hoisting Steve up by the chains; it took all the men pulling to raise him up.
He crawled on three limbs over to the bush and pulled back the leaves, revealing a small black tuft of fur with bright yellow orbs in it. He snuck his hand in and wrapped his fingers around the fur, pulling it out gently.
Irritated, the soldier looked up from where he was working and glared at Tony before pettily throwing sand at Tony in warning.
“Tony…” Steve was looking down at him again, confusion and apprehension written on his features.
Steve held Tony on his abdomen and rolled onto his back in an attempt to float the two of them. He slapped the side of Tony’s face gently, but the man was unresponsive. Steve blinked and fought back tears.
“Yep.”
The Audi e-tron’s sleek black body zoomed around the bend, coming dangerously close to the metal railing that blocked off the road from the sheer Malibu cliff leading into the ocean. Rock and debris ricocheted off the asphalt as the tires spun endlessly, propelling the car and it’s rider forward at an alarming speed.
Tony pulled back quickly, putting on the breaks and throwing himself into reverse. Tony’s hand shot down from Steve’s neck and he looked at the side of the soldier’s face, baffled.
“What’s wrong Tony? Liking it a little too much? What do you think of him now, Rogers?”
“He is having a panic attack, Captain Rogers. This was all triggered by his dre-“
Tony’s face was covered in butterfly bandages, stitches, and bruises. His arm was in a bright red and gold (Rhodey’s idea) cast, and the bruising around his throat was a dull chartreuse. The blankets were pulled up to his chin; Steve didn’t want him to be cold ever again and thus had the doctors keep him bundled up.
The mechanic had been drugged ever since their rescue. It had been two weeks and today was the day. Today was the day Tony would wake up.
Clearly the genius was nursing a hangover for when he raised off the bed, he swayed a little, rubbed his temples, and then sat back down.
Before dinner even arrived, Tony and Steve were snickering to one another, almost mad-libbing the stories as they went along. For a moment as they stared at one another, crow’s feet wrinkled in happiness, it felt to Steve like they were actually more than friends. Like the stories were real and they were reminiscing about their crazy lives together.
Despite his concern for the other man, it was a comfort to know that Tony was still alive and at least somewhat close by- at least maybe on the same deck as he was.
“Tony…”
it! What about the team and professionalism and all that jazz?”
“Steve. You need to set my arm.”
Steve moved to stand directly in front of his boyfriend, breathing along his neck and whispering into his ear“-you’ve never had a problem with it before.”
No one knew besides the Doctor and Steve as to the extent of what happened in Hammer’s grasps. They didn’t understand the shifts in Tony’s behavior.
It was cold without the fire. He looked to Tony and noticed that, despite the covers, he was still shivering and moaning in his sleep. Steve sighed, resigned and tired, and walked over to him. He positioned himself behind Tony, rolling the other man onto his side, and proceeded to press his abdomen along Tony’s bare back. Tony was burning, but Steve didn’t mind. Steve’s cool chest could steal some of the fever away, while also keeping them both warm.
Steve and Tony had been missing from the scene, disappearing as soon as the gas had dissipated, but SHIELD had barely noticed as countless citizens had also been affected with the neuro-gas. Several nearby educational establishments and some of the skyscrapers not destroyed by the giant robots had become make-shift hospitals that were dismal, under staffed, and providing nothing but cots for the coma patients to lay and fluid sacks to keep them hydrated and fed.
Tony tried to ride the dildo, trying to slide up and down, but could not get the proper footing to do so. It was all too much. The thrill of being out in the open while having Steve Rogers touch his warm groin and also having an engine driven vibrator up his ass- it was all too much. He felt the hot, blazing cum seemingly build in his belly and rush through his core and out straight into the open. His blast was so strong that it spread in white, viscous streams across Steve’s chest and face.
He moved his eyes upward from the mess and, as Tony’s form spun to face Tony against Steve, saw the man’s eyes, open and unblinking. Tony was in a daze, unresponsive to Steve’s stare. The super soldier could have sworn he was dead were it not for the shallow breathing coming from between the man’s shivering, blue lips.
After a few tries, a splitting crack resounded and the coconut broke open, liquid sloshing out of it. Steve rushed back over to Tony’s side and held the coconut to his lips. “Here, drink.”
He grabbed a slender stick and began drawing in the sand, numbering his steps for his and Tony’s survival.
Tony still stumbled over some of his words, but the message was clear enough. “Yeah… you two were friends. But he used to beat the shit out of Mom. He was a piece of shit- at least he was after you went bye-bye into the world’s biggest slushie.”
Tony recovered quickly and saw the waiter glance at their touching hands before looking at Steve.
“Tony…” he whispered. “We’re alright. We’re going to get out of here baby. Stay with me.
Tony’s body slumped towards the ground, clearly unable to support itself, but before it could, Steve’s strong arm had wrapped around his waist. His hand was still holding the dirty rag against Tony’s torso, but Steve couldn’t help but lighten the pressure when the smaller man started gasping for air.
I hope you all get a chance to see IW tonight or tomorrow; hopefully we all come out of it without too much emotional trauma.
“Let’s split up to cover more space.”
“Shell-brain?” Sam glanced over at Natasha who raised her eyebrows and pressed her lips into a lopsided smile. “You know if Tony was here, he would correct you. I am just trying to make it seem like a normal-ass meeting and not one called at
“I-what?”
They had left him for the time being. He was shivering uncontrollably, and the tears had dried on his cheeks and lips, white with salt. He tried to slow his breathing, but he couldn’t help the hyperventilation from blood loss.
Pigface's right hand grasped a black-clad ankle that was attached to a body being dangled over the balcony railing. The body appeared unconscious as it remained still and not struggling. Steve recognized the black loafers immediately upon entering the room.
His ankle screamed at him from the use and he fell to the floor in a heap, allowing himself a few seconds recovery before turning his attention to Tony. Steve turned, lowering slowly to grab the gauntlet, and shone it over towards the injured man to his left. He shuffled over to him and stumbled down to his knees.
JARVIS tried again, British accent echoing in the halls. “Sir, maybe Captain Rogers can dissolve any mystery behind your latest obsession…”
He was vaguely aware of people shifting rocks carefully around them, trying to ensure their survival, but Steve stared at Tony continually, worry etched on his cold features. If Steve could cry, he would have. But the dehydration had gotten to him and he had no fluid left to give.
Thank you for reading! Please leave a comment or kudos if you liked it. As always, I accept constructive criticism or grammar reviews in comments or PMs. I really appreciate all of you.
Tony nodded slowly and, using Steve’s shoulders, sat down on the jagged ground. He slumped against a rock for back support.
Until two hours later when another villain showed up.
“That’s a little homophobic, don’t you think, Cap? Canceling the whole honeymoon idea just because it’s two guys? That may actually conceal our identities better… no one would suspect my playboyish self to be into someone so… Buff? Manly?  Prude?” He flipped his sunglasses back up on the bridge of his nose with a casual flick of his head. “I came from Pep’s birthday party on this emergency call, only to find Captain America getting overruled by the queen of spies? Looks like we won the vote, Rogers. I’ve never been on a cruise ship other than one I personally owned, so this should be a new experience at least…” Tony stepped into the room during his rambling and put a hand on Steve’s shoulder, slowly sliding his arm around to the other side to pull the super soldier into a one-armed, side hug. “Let’s go dearest lover. We depart port at 5:00 PM… Pack up Capsicle. SHIPS AHOY! SAIL AHEAD! INSERT OTHER BOAT LINGO HERE!” Tony pecked a struggled kiss on Steve’s cheek, which subsequently flushed a deep pink. Everyone stifled tired chuckles and grins as they sauntered out of the room, leaving Tony, Natasha, and Steve as the remaining occupants.
“What?” Steve moved his hand gingerly up Tony’s body, feeling several concerning wet, sticky spots before finally resting on a hard bar pressed hard into the man’s neck. Tony was choking from a metal bar that had hit his neck, collapsing his trachea. Steve scrambled quickly to his knees, hissing as pain shot through his left ankle before he felt around and grabbed the bar holding his friend and lifted. The bar was unmoving. It was stuck to something, Steve didn’t know what. If it was a support, the whole bunker could collapse on them. If it was just stuck to a piece of concrete… Tony could die.
“Don’t…” Tony rasped weakly.
Tony retched and fell to his side, lone functioning arm collapsing under him. He threw up the minimal contents in his stomach and then howled from the pain shooting up his bicep from where his abdomen pressed against his fracture.
The smaller man was determined to keep it together. Had this been Steve’s plan all along? Bring him up here, whoop his ass, and then seduce him? Fuck that. Tony Stark would
“Infection,” he spat out.
“Tony… breathe. You have to breathe…” Steve took a gentle hand and applied it onto Tony’s breast bone, trying to slow the panic attack and shock stirring within the genius. The bloody spots on Tony’s torso were from what appeared to be concrete shrapnel that has pierced a few dermal layers, but upon further examination, had not penetrated deeper than an inch. Tony bled from them slowly, the pain from them minimal compared to the pain coursing through his arm. Red tinted sweat from his matted, dark hair began to drip into Tony’s wide eyes and sting them.
The meditation methods normally helped, but since the circumstances were a little more dire than
HOLY SHIT BALLS. LOOK, I FINISHED A CHAPTER. Sorry for the delay!! I'm not going to make any guarantees this time because it just gets me into trouble. :) ;) As always, comment or kudo if you like it. I finally have the story completely mapped out... so stick around and bookmark if you wanna know what happens.
The arm against Tony’s chest was damaged badly and Steve couldn’t help but wince, gasping slightly and subsequently remembering his own pain as blood slithered down his chest.
Over time, people began filtering onto the pool deck donned in bathing suits and carrying towels as the sun set lower in the sky. By this point in time, Steve was slap-happy and Tony was borderline intoxicated as glasses littered the area around them. They were locking pinkies between their pool chairs to ‘keep up the façade of their relationship’, or so Steve convinced himself.
“Let’s do one more dip and then go… the crowd makes me a bit nervous.” Tony admitted and stood, stretching as he did so. His black swim trunks lowered onto his hips, revealing a trail of groomed, dark hair leading to his clothed groin. His abdominal muscles rippled under his darkened skin as he lowered his arms to his sides. Tony reached a hand out to Cap, turning his palm up and open, and waited for the man to take it.
“You are delirious...” the super soldier slid his arms underneath the smaller man’s knees and shoulders and lifted.
New York City seemed as if it was going to pure shit, however the citizens who weren't affected by the toxin had pulled together and started working hard as a collective community, clearing rubble, moving survivors, and transporting supplies to their end location.
They talked about everything, ranging from the drink specials to politics (bad idea), and on every point, Tony and Michael disagreed. It became heated several times, Patricia and Steve exchanging apologetic, albeit worried, glances.
“He’s alive. But he wishes he wasn’t.”
“Sir, Captain Rogers is here to see you.”
There were not really any means of escape. Nothing he could build. No exits besides the main, barred door. He was stuck for the time being. His feet weren’t restrained, as his thighs rested on his calves initially, but he was able to hoist himself up on the chains and swing his feet around so that he could stand up and slacken the taut pull on his arms.
Steve wrapped his fingers firmly and pulled. Tony’s lip bled as his teeth dove into every nerve of the soft tissue.
Tears had started spilling from his eyes several hours ago. He couldn’t help it. Tony was never really a sentimental guy, but he cried occasionally; these tears were out of pure pain. Pain and fear for what was to come.
They stared at Steve like they knew him, and he suddenly found himself swallowing down his anxiety, broadening his shoulders, and solidifying his stance.
At first, he had laughed, but over the course of a week, Tony too had started referring to the boulder as Billie. He felt as crazy as he was sure Steve had; talking to a fucking boulder. Occasionally Tony talked to Billie when Steve wasn’t there, even singing to Billie an old Italian song his Nonna had taught him as a child. Steve had caught him once, smirking at the melody that slipped between Tony’s lips and the accompanying whistles. Tony shut up immediately when he saw the super soldier watching and both men had silently gone their separate ways.
He let the sheer fall from his hand and then made his way to the mini-bar, pulling a water bottle from the fridge and flipping it in his hand before snapping the cap off and guzzling. To the left of the minibar was a set of iron-banister stairs and Steve assumed that they led up to the master bedroom. He made his way up the stairs quietly and was immediately impressed with the master bedroom.
Steve’s eyes narrowed dully, “You are in a cast and a wheelchair. As much as Stark and Banner tried, there was no quick healing options for a shattered femur. So, you are out of the question. Sorry Barton. Bruce, you are also out of the question since- well- the Hulk on a ship sounds like a tragedy waiting to happen.”
Repeatedly he cried out ‘No’ and steadily the cries turned into ragged whispers and eventually into silence. Tony’s eyes glazed over and his head bobbed with the movements as he finally gave up. His consciousness transferred inside of himself in attempts to break away from the hell his physical body was currently facing.
“Steve... did you beat him before?”
, which was unusual for the billionaire.
The structure was a bright light within the dim New York forestry that surrounded it. The concrete walls were lit up from various spotlights, glowing scarlet circles of numerous landing pads, and the luminous reflections on the black glass windows lining the main dormitory bunker. The Avengers' headquarters was quiet but not fully silent as the faint sound of laughter and mild bickering could be heard through the dim lit hallways leading to Steve Rogers' room. The walls were made to be soundproof so as not to disturb one another, but when certain members of the Avengers were together, the noise level would always rise above what Stark’s engineers had planned for.
Flabbergasted, Tony cocked his head to the side and blinked, before understanding that he needed to act the part of worried boyfriend to keep up the façade of Steve being unconscious.
mistress to buy a smaller, but equally as nice, room.” Tony rambled on and subsequently came to a realization that he had not considered before. “And uh… I just realized that there is only one bed because it is literally called the “Honeymooners” room. One bed, one bath, I assume a closet and maybe a dining room- “
Steve had pulled from his belt pouch a sewing kit. Something he kept on his body at all times since Natasha had told him the wonders that a little thread and a needle could accomplish in escape, espionage, you name it. He had gingerly sewed up Tony’s arm after the man had cried himself into mental oblivion.  Now he rested fitfully, still sweating as a fever took hold of his body.
The seat had a large phallic object sitting out from the middle.
It took about five minutes before the super soldier was knocked out on the floor at the pig-faced man’s feet.
Tony’s head had turned briefly around at first, interest piqued by Steve’s choice of ‘vulgar’ words. “I’ve been busy designing new tech is all.”
“Yeah yeah…” Steve sighed woefully. “I don’t know… let’s head to customer service and find out what’s going on. It could just be a coincidence. Both of our cards did it, so maybe there is just a problem with the ID’s attachment to our room or something. Or the financial account.”
“Calm down, I was just kidding. I was
Tony couldn’t help it anymore. Tears sprang to his eyes and rolled along his cheeks and onto the back of his head. He tried to hide them, tried to think of something funny to quell them… anything to not show weakness, but Hammer saw. Hammer saw and he looked even more maliciously into Tony’s bright blue eyes, rubbing himself faster, head hitting the low of Tony’s back against the two dimples above his ass.
Days passed. On the third day, Steve could swear that he could hear someone shuffling above them and his hope for rescue increased. On the fourth, it was silent, and he found himself going crazy with anxiety that help may not be arriving. The fifth day, Steve felt nothing. He was numb, both emotionally and physically. His toes and fingers were blue, as were Tony’s.
Tony stood on his own and seemed to have been drawn out of his panic attack by the pain of Steve yanking his arm.
“For throwing your sand in my hole. I’ve been working out here by myself for an hour while you were playing housewife in the hut; I don’t need your help.”
“Do you really think that is an appropriate question? Yes, Steve I am ready for you to cause me unimaginable pain as you re-set every bone in my arm. Great. Superbly excited.”
“Avengers… assemble!”
Steve felt shy. Tony felt daring. The genius extended his hand, offering for Steve to take it.
“Tony… if we don’t make it out of here…”
The lab was quiet at the standoff aside from the whirring of multiple tech gadgets and the occasional
“We can try to access the on-board internet in the computer center. It will irritate the shit out of me, due to how slow it will be, but it’s probably our best shot to at least let them know what is going on-“
Tony’s thoughts were barely coherent and various sentences, jumbled and scared, flew through his mind. One word echoed repeatedly.
He’d hear the snapping of branches and, semi-delirious from lack of water, would rush to the side, hiding behind trees, logs, or bushes. Occasionally he would hear the sound of bug wings or see a bird flutter above him, but for the most part it was quiet.
Through a tight jaw, Tony spat out, “Dick.”
Steve bit his fist in an attempt to distract his emotions with pain as well as to keep himself quiet.
“JARVIS??” Steve walked over to the windows and pulled back the sheers. His breath caught in his throat as he looked at the vast expanse of ocean before him. The water was comprised of dark blues and greens, some white foam, and a sparkling reflection of the sun’s rays sprawling over the horizon. The ocean was beautiful, even though he had seen it many times. Even though he had slept in one for 70 years.
“If this big guy wasn’t such a stickler for big diamonds and a snug fit, I would show you the ring I bought him! It’s a beaut. Sparkles like a thousand suns…and cost about as much as a thousand suns too.” Steve picked up on Tony’s concern and rapidly delivered a coy smile.
He focused on Tony’s threats, trying to distract his mind. He couldn’t help but smile a little at Tony’s promises of death and destruction. Tony was always a damn drama king, even in his intimidation tactics.
Once Steve caught his breath, he realized that the gate attendant was speaking to him.
Tony smiled, partly due to the happy thought and partly due to his febrile state.
“I didn’t do anything to you!”
Everyone but the bartender and the men on the floor had evacuated the room. Steve, a little breathless, walked around, yanking up the shirt sleeves of the hitmen to see that they all had sword tattoos.
“I am trying to pull a Tony Stark.” The corners of Steve’s mouth pulled into a smirk at his quip.
Steven but then I corrected and said
The man let go and Tony’s form shot downwards, gravity pulling him towards his death. At the last minute, pig-face grabbed a hold of Tony’s pants leg, laughing haughtily at Steve’s distress as he yelled out.
Hammer began to shout, causing Tony’s dehydration headache to worsen. “GET IN HERE AND CLEAN HIM UP FOR ME!”
“He… raped him. Daily. Sometimes multiple times a day. Multiple times an hour. Sometimes with lube… sometimes without. He used toys. He used tools… once he used a hammer as if he thought it was a joke that it matched his name. He would bleed every time. He-… I couldn’t help him.”
!” Steve, normally calm and in control of the situation, was clearly flustered. His teammates disregarded the super soldier and continued about their ways, stopped short by the exit door sliding open. Groomed goatee, coiffed hair, and the pressed suit of Tony Stark came into view. Despite the time, his sunglasses covered the bottom half of his eyes, sapphire irises peeking out and staring at each of the people before him before settling on Steve.
Hammer’s moans echoed through the room and he took his free hand to Tony’s hair, entwining his fingers through the shock-sweat saturated, dark locks. He thrust quicker, hitting Tony’s throat with excitement before Justin felt himself throbbing uncontrollably and spilling his burning seed into Tony’s mouth unceremoniously. He didn’t feel like giving the genius the pleasure of having the seed forced down his throat and into his belly; he wanted Tony to taste the saltiness of it.
“I DIDN’T DO ANYTHING TO YOU!”
Every time this would start, Steve would always try to console Tony. He wanted nothing more than to run over to him and cradle him, to protect him from Hammer.
Tony looked a little concerned, but in true Captain America and Iron Man manner, he didn’t question Steve about his sudden change in demeanor. There was now an awkward silence, but thankfully William showed up with a tray of their food soon after the change.
Diving his tongue tantalizingly slow in and out of his anus, Steve made Tony want even more than he already was. He raised up, spit a long stream of saliva onto his dick and lined his dick up with Tony’s warm and welcoming hole. He moved into him and Tony could swear that the dildo he had been on previously was molded on Steve’s dick. He felt full yet again, but this time there was no over stimulatory vibrations from the motorcycle’s engine.
“This here, this here is a
(See the end of the chapter for
The dining room was on the sixth floor, four floors down from their room, and it was very large. More chandeliers and a huge staircase that separated two floors of chairs, tables, and waiters. Steve could smell the delicacies cooking and his tummy grumbled in want. They were seated quickly and given a few minutes to look over the menu before their waited visited their table.
“I doubt it. I rarely get out of the house. Please excuse me, I need to go after my frie- my husband.” He tried to dodge but again was blocked by the men. They began walking, pushing Steve back. One of the men’s shirt sleeves raised over their wrist and Steve saw the sword tattoo painted over his massive wrist veins. He moved back a little easier then, preferring not to injure anyone in the crowd were these buffoons to try to attack him.
“Hey buddy, not that I want to butt into your life or anything, but can you release her wrist? Making me a bit uncomfortable. And I don’t think either of us wants me uncomfortable.” Tony was significantly shorter than this man, at least by a foot, but stood his ground, moving closer to the man until he was a breath away. The man reminded Tony of a more attractive Lurch: tall and pale with sharp features, but at least features that were symmetrical, unlike his Addam’s Family alias.
The mechanic licked his lips and swallowed as he dared look up into Cap’s soft eyes. Tony could have sworn that he could feel Steve’s heart rate speed up. Unblinking, they looked at one another for what felt like minutes. Turns out it was only a few seconds.
He heard Tony’s voice echo a few rooms away, clearer now that he was in the hallway. He rushed past each room, throwing open the doors, while finding each chamber empty. The lights were flickering even more ominously. He was no expert on boats nor electrical engineering, but he knew that it was only a matter of time before the entire hallway was pitch black and overcome by the ocean’s embrace; he had to find Tony before they went out.
“We should get going buddy! The dance floor isn’t going to be near as hopping without Tony Stark taking down the floor.”
Tony’s comm crackled, “Tony, where are you? We have to beat these guys before we head in.” Steve sounded muffled as he groaned through his current battle with three armed soldiers.
“-yea but did you try-“ Tony got cut off.
Thanks for being patient with me as I updated this! I know it took forever... new job and trying to finish the good ole thesis takes a lot of my time these days.
“It’s our honeymoon. Married last week!” Tony took the lead and reached across the table to touch Steve’s left hand softly. As he brushed his thumb over Steve’s knuckles Tony noticed two things: Steve’s arm got chill bumps from the touch and, more importantly, neither of them were wearing a wedding ring
“Oh, bah.” Steve stood up and walked a short distance to the window. “Do you have an electrical breaker or some complicated piece of tech that no one can figure out but you?” Steve huffed in a light laugh, face falling very slowly as he realized Tony was unresponsive.
“Uhm.
A small croak in response.
when you still have neuro gas flowing through your veins.
For now, the thing that piqued his interest was a dark form between the trees that disappeared almost as soon as he saw it. Tony immediately began running for the trees.
“If-“
“Like… if I wasn’t me… and you weren’t you….I would hit on yewwww…” Tony pointed a finger at Steve and winked from over the pair of sunglasses that he had popped on after exceeding tipsy status.
It went on the whole time… Tony trying to talk to fill the awkward silence. The supersoldier hadn’t known what to say and thus remained silent for a full five minutes before finally speaking.
“Don’t change the subject from you. I’m fine. Super soldier with super healing, remember? What do you mean tied up? Like me in these wall restraints and a body bag?”
A strangled and disturbed cry came from Steve’s direction and Tony dropped his head further, wishing he could just self-implode and end all of this. For a moment, he let himself look down, inspecting a crack in the concrete, but soon felt his defiance flare again and he raised his narrowed blue eyes, turning his head back, to meet Hammer’s hardened brown eyes.
Steve coughed, “I’ll tell you another time Nat… for now, can I spend some time just the two of us?”
Now the guy was here for Steve. He strolled up to the super soldier with a large syringe in hand.
“He should wake up soon. The drugs have been mostly out of his system for a few hours now…just light sedatives for a few weeks to keep him compliant…. Which is saying something considering he is Tony Stark.” She smiled lopsidedly and looked deeper into Steve’s face after a beat.
He groaned and slipped a hand over his eyes as the cloth floated down and landed on his head. If he laid here, just listening to the chirping and whistles, he thought maybe he could just die of dehydration happily.
“I should have kissed you.”
Steve could barely open his eyes with the light streaming in through the window sheers. He sat up slowly, rubbing his eyes and wrinkling his nose to clear the inflammation caused by his minimal hours of sleep. It had to be around 10 in the morning by the way the sun angled into the living room.
“POWER DOWN JARVIS.” Tony heaved and subsequently shoved Steve’s hand off of his chest. He twirled around in his chair, facing away from the super soldier and steepled his hands together, head at the center.
They had rushed to the dock after running Steve through a shop for some “cruise clothes”- as Tony had put it- complete with a straw fedora and matching sunglasses. Steve felt like what kids nowadays would call a “tool”, but the shop attendant had swooned. Even Tony’s eyes had glazed over slightly when Steve had come out of the dressing room in his selected outfit for the day: white linen pants, leather flip-flops, a gray, form fitting shirt, and a light-weight white sports coat to complete the look.
“You are losing a lot of blood… sit for me.
“I woul-“
“Don’t be. We will figure it out and JARVIS will be alright. He is probably back at the mansion now alerting SHEILD to our lack of communication.” Tony smiled a little and nodded, seemingly sad to lose his AI.
“It’s Captain America!” She had wailed before turning and running away with her husband.
Steve had never been on a cruise ship before. This one was extremely exclusive compared to the other cruise ships that Steve had researched. It held approximately 10,000 people and had a little over 5,000 rooms on it. Children were not allowed on board, which was probably good since children seemed to recognize Captain America more often than any adults did. There were multiple pools and bars on board, a casino, an art gallery, stage shows, gyms, and even a mini-golf court. Steve didn’t understand how they fit all of these amenities on a boat until he saw the massive size of the ship. He thought he had seen big ships when he was fighting in the war and when Sheild’s Helicarriers temporarily stanchioned down into the water, but neither battleship compared to the size of the cruise boat.
Steve carefully listened to each of the words playing in the melody and it slowly dawned on him the meaning of the song. He was sharp-witted generally, but rarely picked up acts of romance from other people.
Steve seemed to be handling the gradual descent into the cold pool too well, because Tony leaped upwards and landed on the super soldier’s back, dunking him under the crisp water surface while he laughed. Steve, teeth chattering, splashed out of the water and proceeded to wrestle with tony in mock anger, submerging him after he was sure Tony had plugged his nose.
He could hear Steve fighting against his bonds, begging Tony to stop. Begging Tony not to do it. His mouth was stilled gagged, but Tony knew what the super soldier was trying to get across. His lover was being forced to watch what was happening and what was going to happen in approximately five minutes when Justin got back.
No matter the quantity of minimal sedative that the medical staff could afford to deliver, Tony wouldn’t stop crying and jerking his limbs through the air. Streaks of salt-water streamed down his cheek bones as his wide eyes searched the room for solace. Steve would reach out to wipe them with his pointer finger, helpless tears streaming down his own cheeks.
There were 30 year old computers lining the wall, a thick layer of dust covering the black screens. This place hadn’t seen use in decades. He walked in a decent way and wiped his finger along the tops of one of the brown colored monitors, rubbing the dust between his fingers. Tony’s brain ran through previously known information, trying to decipher what was going on before Friday’s voice echoed through his suit, crackling and alarmed.
“Who did it? Terror twins? Thunder butt? Brucey?”
Tony didn’t really know where
“What do you want?”
Steve was the first to break eye contact, apologizing as he slid by Tony and pushed himself into the entryway. “Alright… let’s get you up to bed. Can you make it upstairs and wash yourself up?”
“It’s going to be really confusing to the rest of the gang as to how we got out of this mess…”
The two had planned to go to the dance studio on the top floor of the ship. It was apparently themed after a speakeasy but played oldies, modern music, and classic rock. Tony had warned Steve that he would probably be disappointed in the prohibition era bar, but Steve had claimed he had never had the chance to go to one before, and he wasn’t missing his opportunity now. Tony consented to going, but had been his normal grumpy, sarcastic self about it.
Henchmen would come in with knives and syringes and slice into and inject the genius with serums and pain inducers, things that made Tony hallucinate. One time, he had howled and jerked around in his chains as if there were insects burrowing into his flesh.
While he didn’t think highly of himself, Tony knew that he was adept at getting out of sticky situations and that someone had to save everyone’s asses if they were all stuck here.
He closed his eyes, Tony’s quiet breathing calming him into a light slumber.
would… if he ever even managed to use it again.
“…try a few days, buddy.”
After Justin collected himself, he raised up and sent his boot flying into Tony’s exposed midriff. The genius coughed out and giggled. It happened again. Again. Again and again, until Tony was gasping for air, blood seeping from the corner of his mouth; he had fallen to his knees during the beating at some point. He had spurred Justin on the first few kicks, but now he found himself barely maintaining consciousness as pain coursed through his ribcage and abdomen.
“You love a good beating.”
“No rest for the wicked….” The whisper in his ear woke Tony with a start, and he snapped his head up, almost headbutting his captor.
He licked his lips in want.
He stiffened his back, aligning his head perfectly to see if he could tell if Tony was still conscious. He was and Steve felt even guiltier. Tony’s face was pale and the soldier could tell that he was rushing into a state of shock.
“You look good.” Steve looked at Tony, eyes shining in the dim lighting that softly lit their suite. Tony wore his typical dark suit, but there was this glow about him that Steve couldn’t help but notice.
Two hours into their plan, both men laid on their respective lounge chairs, giggling from behind sunglasses. Steve’s side table held 25 martini and hurricane glasses from various drinks that he had ordered, while Tony’s held about 3 whiskey glasses, one of which he was still nursing.
The hunger and thirst were also getting to him. His stomach growled painfully and several times he had turned his head to throw up foodless bile. His only words had been requests for Steve to turn his head while he used the bathroom, although even those moments were few and far between since he had nothing new digested to discard from his body.
Patricia nodded and smiled softly at her husband.
“That’s the second cuss word you’ve used tonight, that’s what’s wrong.”
The hallway beyond was lined with dim lighting that flicked with each boom that sounded from the crashing plains overhead. Tony blinked and scanned his screens for any abnormalities before proceeding ahead, feet lightly clanking against the hard flooring as he tried to tread as stealthily as possible.
“No, Tony and I are not going on this mission together, no matter how entertaining the idea is. One of us needs to be here to monitor. Sam, I apologize for interrupting your beauty sleep but you know that a plan needs to be in place by tomorrow morning.”
Although his hands were shackled and strung up from the metal ceiling, his head was free and with each word, he knocked the crown of his head back against the wall behind him in despair.
Suddenly, a hardness took over Steve’s heart. Responsibility weighing on his shoulders. Tony would have to deal. The water filtration was more important for his and Tony’s health.
After a few moments of just standing there, Tony became aware that Steve was trying to figure something out.
Much Love,
Steve blinked under water. It was dark but when he extended his hand he felt cold fingers grasp his; he clenched his fist tight. He pulled his dominant hand back once more, summoning all of his strength to combat the resistance offered by the water, and slammed his knuckles into the window, cracking it and sending shards floating into the surrounding ocean.
With that, the Black Widow left them alone in the room.
“Tony!” He rasped, knowing the other man was being choked to death and was in no condition to respond. Steve backed into the cracked wall behind him and slid down until his legs and butt were flush with the ground. His hands continued reaching around beside him until one encountered cold metal. He grabbed and pulled softly, the piece coming towards his chest.
“I-Uh…. I’m sorry. I-" Tony stammered and removed his hand from Steve’s back, pulling away as the song ended. Steve grabbed after him but wasn’t quick enough to snag his arm.
was, but it certainly was not comfortable and the hosts were a little more handsy than he normally sought after for his hotels. As soon as he had come to, he had fists lunging into his bare chest and rocketing against his cheekbones. When they (whoever
“So sorry for the inconvenience Captain Rogers…” The man smiled and jostled Steve onto his shoulders, flicking the lights out as he strode out of the suite room with Captain America on his back.
Several men rushed in, one dragging what appeared to be a pressure washer behind him.
“No… no, please don’t.” Tony whimpered, squeezing his eyes shut in vulnerability.
Above him were bright green fronds bathed in orange light from what Tony deduced was a fire. Shadows danced across the slits in the leaves as smoke billowed from the top of the flames. He viewed the long sticks holding the fronds up and his mechanical mind subtly approved of the engineering supporting the make-shift roof. Turning his head to the side, he was surprised when he felt a soft cloth touch his sunburnt cheek.
“Why Steve… why the fuck did you do that….” Tony cried, eyes wide and staring straight into Steve’s crystal blue ones. It was silent after the comment, both men just staring at each other with disappointment, anger, but mostly love.
The body just coughed again in response. It was shirtless, a man, and began to shift as it coughed. Something small and fluffy zoomed from the man’s arms and into the forest, Steve following it with his gaze before settling back on the now exposed face of the man.
On the bright side, he was a little warmer from the activity.
The super soldier carefully stood up and dusted his hands on what remained of his pants. The call sounded like it was far away, like Steve could only hear it due to his serum-improved hearing. How he ended up on one side of the island and Tony on the other, he had no idea; the wave patterns surrounding the archipelago weren’t visible in the night.
” The super soldier emphasized the latter to fully retract the emotions he stirred in the man. The hand that wasn’t cradling his neck, moved towards Tony’s chest to still him.
“Shit shit shit…” Steve had a huge gash on the side of his face from where the beam had struck him. Without thinking, Tony grabbed Steve’s shield and laid it over the super soldier’s chest before wrapping his smaller body around the bigger man’s. “I got you…”
“JARVIS… what time is it?” Silence.
“You designed him…” Steve muttered under his breath.
Hammer knelt in front of Tony, settling to his lowered level, and looked him in the eyes, tilting the genius’s chin up gingerly. Tony’s large blue eyes stared defiantly back into Hammer’s and he pulled his upper lip up in a snarl.
People screamed as the cronies ran for Steve together, legs and arms blindly kicking into the soldier. Steve blocked their attacks with finesse and strength, none of their blows striking their targets.
A little later on posting this than I expected, but ah well! Thank you so much for all of your kind reviews and kudos. If you are lurking in the shadows, please feel free to write an anonymous review or leave a kudo whether you like or not; constructive criticism or expression of enjoyment keep me writing!
The bandages on Tony’s stomach would become soaked with blood quickly and a nurse would pull them off and reapply. One of them set up a blood transfusion next to his cot and Tony whimpered about poison in his blood. The whole scene tore Steve apart at the seams.
“Tony. Thank God.”
Their luggage was already propped up in the two closets directly opposing the bed.
real. Fat chance with the way he felt, unless he was in hell. After a few seconds his vision focused, and he was able to discern the outline of his gauntlet as well as a pair of concerned blue eyes.
“Well, if that wasn’t a giveaway for what you don’t want me to do…” Hammer smiled and licked his lips greedily, turning on one heel and striding over to Steve. “Don’t touch…
At his counterpart’s laughter, Steve felt heat rise in his cheeks. “That’s what this is? I don’t- what am I even looking at? This is a sex closet??”
? Honeymoon suite??” the response was incredulous of Steve’s apparent naivety.
He was winning, clearly. There were two ways to the top of Meadows Point, and he was on the fastest route, in the fastest car. No fucking way had Rogers, on his puny motorcycle and on the slowest route, beaten him to the top.
“…yes, Tony…” he moved closer, eyes closing naturally. He felt his lips pucker and right as he moved to finally meet the man in front of him…
Steve had bitterly shaved his head this morning after their team gathering. With his golden blonde locks shaved down to his scalp, he felt very unlike himself and kept rubbing his hand along the smoothness that was the crown of his head.
“Tony,
“Tonese.”
“We are gonna have to get wet Cap.”
The hand went down further, grabbing blindly at Tony’s shaft and beginning to stroke his flaccid cock up and down as if attempting to wake a dead man. Tony shivered at the light touches and hissed when the lips and teeth traveled a spot that was bruised.
Steve paused, raising his hands slowly above his head.
Steve shivered from the cold, but knew that he had survived worse, so decided to toughen up. Tony needed the warmth more than he did. He could barely feel his skin as this point. It wasn’t tingling like it normally did in the harsh cold; his nerves were beyond the numbness.
As if on cue, Hammer strolled into the room, his lemmings following closely behind. They walked over to the table and handed Hammer a bottle. Justin quickly took a swig from it, setting it back down on the table with a hiss as the alcohol burned his throat.
But that apparently was not the villain’s main intentions, as he reached around under Tony, cupping his ass and squeezing gently, prying the cheeks apart. He slapped the round flesh harshly, earning a sharp glare from Tony and pursed lips.
“Here’s the deal Tony. I fuck you. I watch you cry. I watch you writhe with my cock buried balls deep in your ass… or I kill your lover and your friends and make you watch all of them die horrific deaths. And after they all kill over, I fuck you so hard that the perforation into your guts will cause you to bleed to death.” The words seeped malice and mental instability as Hammer spoke them.
What had to be hours passed. Each time he heard a rumbling, Steve was sure the building was going to collapse on top of them, but it never did. He had removed a large portion of the rocks on his side, but still didn’t see any gaps leading to the sight of outside.
Angry, Steve leaned forward and shoved Tony, only this time the opposing man went flying backward with a scream. Steve had underestimated his own power.
Grabbing the pressure washer, one of the men aimed the stream right for Steve’s crack and washed, laughing maliciously. He sprayed the water over the super soldier's body, welts forming much like Tony’s own and the genius cringed, tears welling in his eyes, as he remembered the feeling of the water pelting into his skin.
Steve cut that thought off immediately and walked through the threshold of the circle. Behind him, as a makeshift door, he set down a large hunk of metal, digging it into the sand to keep it stationary.
He laid back, head hitting Steve’s bicep roughly. His eyes closed, and, for a moment, he let himself ignore the repeated nagging telling him to not touch Steve. That Steve didn’t want him.
Hoarsely he cried out, “Steve?”
Thor ran over Cap’s innards, gathering the coins for his coin bank unabashed.
Babe, I love you…
“Yeah…. Not near enough Captain. I’d take some time off from my fuck toy and screw with you instead…. But I have a feeling that physical pain isn’t much for you, what with your serum and all. Emotional pain is better suited for your fancy ass. What better way to target you than to hurt the man you love most?”
“I wish-,” cough “they had told-,” cough “the kids with polio that,” cough.
team.
“Great. Tylenol should definitely cut through the pain.” Tony rolled his eyes.
Tony audibly sighed and landed, metal clad feet thumping in the snow. Friday came over his speaker system, “Boss, your lasers should be strong enough to cut through that metal door, but I would wait-“
Steve continue his way up, until he was able to grab one of the lower branches and bring himself to straddle it. The coconuts were right over his head, so he reached up and grabbed 4, dropping them to the ground 20 feet below him. The bounced around, but landed without breaking. Steve, on the other hand, made to get back into his shimmy position but his footing slipped, resulting in him sliding (and screaming) all 20 feet back down and landing with a thud and ‘oof’ on the forest floor.
“ Y’look good.”
“You see Tony…. When you hit that bundle of nerves, the muscle involuntarily contracts… hard to open your mouth now isn’t it?” He reached over and engaged in the same process as before, but with Tony’s right jaw. At the strike, Steve noticed that Tony was breathing heavily between his teeth, bits of spittle shooting out of his mouth uncontrollably. Tony groaned again and rolled his eyes, letting his neck drop down a little before raising it up again.
The patrons around them glared as they sloshed water out of the pool and onto the pool loungers next to it, but neither man cared; they were having fun. It was rare that any of the Avengers got to relax and enjoy themselves, much less the two leaders, and they weren’t about to sacrifice their temporary joy just to please some rich bastards.
“I am staying here. The whole time.”
Steve mentally kicked himself for the pessimistic and lackluster thought.
Ultimately, all three men were lying on the ground after Steve was through with them, his cover blown as one lady screamed out his superhero alter ego during the altercation.
