“I’m sorry, Sam. The Empty took him before I was in a position to do anything about it. And the Empty was riled.”
, he wants to say, but he can’t form the words. He’s pained by everything Dean has lost: a real job. A normal home. Backyard barbecues. The opportunity to take vacations. To quit drinking, and fall off the wagon, and then quit again. To go gray. To take out a life insurance policy. To get arthritis and blame it on the hunting misadventures of his youth.
Cas sighed, and his hands stopped moving. "When Jack came to get me and told me you had gotten hurt, Dean . . . my heart stopped."
Dean sighed. It wasn't the kid's fault his mother had died and chosen Cas to take care of him. Even if that had meant Cas choosing Jack over him. And of course, it stung, but it wasn't Jack's fault. "Tell you what, we are ordering out."
Dean found the key set and followed Jack to the small storage room on the side of the house. After trying a few keys, they managed to unlock the door. The room was dark and smelled dusty.
Slowly, Dean pulled out, and then in again. His eyes traveling from the place where they were joined to Cas' face. He wanted to see all of it. He repeated Cas name, like a chant, between moans and grunts, while Cas, as usual, was quieter, but no less expressive. Cas would grab Dean's hand, or his shoulder, and close his eyes or turn his head to one side when he felt the most intense, and that was exactly what Dean was aiming for. He pushed Cas back until he was flat on the bed, with Dean between his legs and deep inside him, and once there, picked up the pace.
On his way to the house, he stopped to get some coffee. In the middle of ordering, he decided to get something for Cas and the kid. They were about to be stuck in the car for a couple of hours together, so he considered it a way to call a truce.
"Are you and Cas not in love anymore?" The smile was all gone now. Jack looked sad, and that made Dean feel bad. Worse.
In that moment, he heard the unmistakable sound of a car door closing and the jingle of keys. Before he had time to prepare, Cas was opening the door and stepping inside.
"Yeah," Dean tried to look back at the damage on the back of his jacket. "Seems my jacket got caught in something. Let's get all this out of here, huh?" Dean crouched to grab the strings of the sleds to drag them outside when he heard Jack gasp.
"You should eat breakfast first," Cas said, efficiently making Jack almost run to the kitchen. "He has never seen snow," Cas told Dean.
Behind Bobby, already drinking by the breakfast bar, were Jody, Donna and Charlie, probably discussing whatever gossip circulated in town these days. Jody had replaced Bobby as the latest Lieutenant in the force, and Donna had recently won her election to county Sheriff, after beating the incumbent, who had held the position for decades. Dean felt a sense of pride when he saw those two women holding high positions in men-dominated fields, and kicking ass. He was glad to call them family.
"Anyway. Just wanted to give you the heads up. We are playing happy family, all three of us. I'll pick you up the day after tomorrow to drive to the goddamn cabin."
"Hello, Dean," Cas said flatly. To anyone else, it could have sounded completely normal, but Dean recognized the tone. He recognized to absence of the warmth Cas used to radiate while talking to him.
Dean was glad to hear that, but said nothing. Claire was too smart to devote her life to anyone, not even God, if there was one. "She's been great with Jack," Dean said, thinking out loud.
Cas sat down on the bed, looking as defeated as Dean felt. "I didn't want you to leave. Even if I said things that made you feel that way. I'm sorry I hurt you and made you feel unwelcome in our house."
The kid was like a chatter box. So different from his stoic, rather quiet husband. Dean wondered if Jack was more similar to his mother or his father. He had never met Kelly, but if the kid was anything like his father, Dean would have to expect a knife on his back any minute now.
"Are you gonna open your presents or what?" Sam asked, giving him an envelope and sitting with him on the floor.
The hallway was completely quiet once Dean finally made it to the basement. All doors were closed, including the one to their room. As carefully as he could, he opened the door, trying not to make any noises.
"Hello, Rowena," Cas said, shaking her hand. She was probably expecting him to bring her hand to his lips, but Cas was not good with social cues. Not that Dean cared much for them either.
"Yeah, that." Dean said, and then followed Cas, who was pouring two cups of coffee. "They know." Dean mumbled.
"Do you see a light swit—" Dean was asking when Jack found the switch. "Great. Let's see, sleds . . ."
Behind Jack, Claire winked at Dean. Yeah, he owed her now because he had no idea what to buy Jack until Claire offered some advice.
"Jack, it's late, you should have been in bed hours ago," Cas said as he made his way through the house.
"Yes," Cas, stood and went back to suturing the wound. "If you are okay with that, I'd like for Jack to stay with us."
Dean watched as the others played in the snow, or walked around the house, towards the woods or the lake. Everyone seemed to be having fun, even Cas was laughing at something Jody had said while Bobby frowned. Things would never be like this again, Dean finally admitted. Once he and Cas separated, divorced, they'd never be together like this again. Everyone loved Cas, sometimes he even thought he liked Cas more than himself, so he expected to be blamed for the breakup. And hell, it probably was his fault anyway. Just like dad, he thought. He had to fuck it up, just like dad.
After a few more stitches, it was done and Cas just covered the wound with some gauze. Dean dressed again with a new shirt and a new jacket and was about to leave the room when Cas called him.
"So, Jack," Dean started, making Cas frown in the seat next to his. "Do you have any Christmas traditions? Anything you'd like to do?"
He did appreciate the concern, but sometimes it was hard to reassure the people he loved, because every single one of them had at least one story about that time he said he was fine but in the end wasn't.
Dean chuckled. Not trusting anyone had kept Bobby alive all these years, so he didn't blame it for it.
As if trying to prove it, Dean rubbed his hard-on against Cas', making him moan again, a bit louder this time. Dean resumed his ministrations, moving down towards Cas' chest, paying some attention to every sensitive spot on his way down.
Dean could hear the irritation in Cas' voice more and more these days. Not the playful tone he used to use when Dean was being a tool. It was completely different. As if Cas was tired of dealing with Dean, as if every interaction took a lot of work and effort on his part. And maybe it did.
The last morning in the cabin had arrived and gone, and after breakfast, they left. They were all saying their goodbyes before taking the road, making sure their cars were ready for snowy conditions and distributing some more coffee and snacks for the trip, when Sam approached as Dean was trying to fit their bags in the trunk of the car along with all the new presents.
"So, Cas wasn't sure what you guys were bringing. Eileen thought you guys could take care of dessert?"
"What did you cut yourself with?" Cas asked touching around the area where he could feel the itch and pain.
Dean rolled his eyes at half the names. He didn't mind Bobby, Donna and Jody. Even the girls were okay. But having to deal with Cas' weird brothers had been, so far, the worst part of marrying him. Until the whole thing with Jack, that is. That was definitely worse than any family reunion with the Novaks. Hell, Dean would even put up with Chuck if that meant having Cas back.
"Mom maybe. Dad would probably chase me out of the house the second I said "husband"," Dean joked. Partly.
"That's not what happened, Cas. You lied to me! You said it was gonna be temporary while you and your brothers figured things out. And then it turns out he was gonna stay here for good!" Done shouting, Dean deflated in a matter of seconds. "You didn't even ask me," he said defeated.
He put his mug on the floor next to him and opened the envelope. "Pie of the month club?" he asked, turning over the gift card between his index and middle finger.
"Are you taking care of our baby brother alright? Not that he's usually the life of the party but he seems even more Cas than usual."
Dean grabbed all the gifts addressed to Cas and himself and brought them back to the couch to open them together. They both received socks, ties, a couple of books and some booze. The best gift was the mix tape Cas had made for him. Dean couldn't help but laugh when his husband gave it to him, since he had had the exact same idea for a gift. Now each of them had a cheesy mix tape with apologetic rock ballads.
"It's your family too, Dean," Cas said, softer now. "They want to see you and spend time with you too."
"Well, let's see." Charlie said, touching her chin with her index finger. "We have Bobby, of course, Jimmy and Claire, Gabe, Jody and the girls, Donna . . ."
They divided the tasks in teams, and somehow Dean got stuck with setting up and decorating the tree with the kids. In this case, the kids included Gabe and Jimmy, whom he had been able to avoid until then.
“Right,” Dean says, trying not to roll his eyes. “In the rocks and the trees and the Juice Newton muzak.”
“I look at you and I see—” He gestures to Cas’s true form. “A pretty bland dude. Really nondescript. About as charismatic as a glass of milk. And yet.” He shrugs.
Yes, he knows. He knows, and he’s sad. But he’s also … strangely accepting. He never thought he’d see Cas again. That Cas is with him, right now—that they’ve just gone to bed together—defies every expectation he’s ever had for how his life would go.
“I’m sorry,” she says. “Technically I shouldn’t be talking to you. Could you have Dean call me back when he gets a moment?”
“Jesus, Dean. I feel like I’m being interrogated by Dad. But yeah, I’ve been having trouble sleeping. Those things help sometimes.” He takes the bottle out of Dean’s hand. “You wanna try one?”
“He wanted to be here right now, and he’s coming to see you shortly,” Jack explains. (Either he can read Dean’s mind, Dean thinks, or Dean’s thought-patterns are just super predictable. Probably the second thing.) “He’ll be here soon, but—”
He remembers why having a heart is important when Jack comes to see him. Jack—his beautiful child, his reason for still being here. And now his God, a God in whom he can finally put his faith.
Sam turned around in his seat. Dean was still in the liquor store. Outside it was blindingly sunny. He wanted to go somewhere to process this. He wanted to be anywhere else.
“I’m serious. You don’t think you deserve to be forgiven. But I’m here to tell you that you simply are.
Even though he shot down Eileen’s suggestion of digitizing the entire collection—in ways less kind or delicate as they should have been—he’s decided to organize his spreadsheets.
Dean hit pause and took out the earbuds. Then he put them back in, pressed play again, and listened to the song all the way through. When it was finished, two fat tears rolled down his cheeks.
He wakes up every so often to go to the bathroom. To check his phone, where he pulls up the case count and death toll. It just keeps ticking higher.
When he gets inside, it’s clear that it’s even vaster than it appeared—that it may continue inward and onward for several miles, rooms upon rooms of books and manuscripts. But right in front of him is a huge reading room—wooden tables furnished with gentle lighting. A few people are there, some bent over old books or manuscripts, a couple others clustered together.
“Once it introduced the concept to me—told me that it wouldn’t take me until I experienced happiness … I couldn’t stop thinking about it.”
“I didn’t either,” Hannah said, looking out at the green fields around them, heaven in its newest iteration. “This is beautiful.”
—how the fuck is that possible? It’s possible because he knows it’s not Crowley he misses but what he represents—those years with Sam and Dean.
“Not in my dream. The day after Cas … We were in the car. He—he told me about Cas’s deal. And he apologized for keeping it from us.”
Miracle’s with Sam, and he’s so excited to see Dean that he jumps up on him. Dean lurches back. “Dammit, dog.”
For the first several years they had the bunker, Cas didn’t have a bedroom. Not technically, anyway. He stayed in the guest room, which was also used by Mary or whoever else was dropping by. If Cas and Mary were there at the same time, Cas hung out elsewhere in the bunker, passing the night in the library or archives.
“I’m not gonna off myself, if that’s what you’re thinking,” he tells Sam, squinting because the hallway lights are so bright.
“She comes here most afternoons to sift through the archives. She’s one of the scholars.” He motions to the spacious reading room. “Here you can find the answers to all the questions you’ve thought about your whole life. What is the meaning of it all, why are ears shaped like that, is love at first sight really real. And other things. Or not. A lot of people still like to argue about things, so if you’re into that …”
Dean waited a beat. Then he rose. “Well, I want a drink. And as luck would have it, we have plenty of that around.” He got up to stroll over to the wet bar. On his way, he lingered for a second and squeezed Cas’s shoulder. “You want one, Sam?”
Maybe the depth of Cas’s love seemed less obvious to Dean because it became a punchline among the angels and demons. It was easy for Dean not to take it seriously.
Now Dean says nothing. He doesn’t look at either of them. And then, in a voice so plain and unaware that it injures Sam to hear it, Dean says, “Yeah. I’ll do that.”
Crumpled against the car window, Dean begins to sob again—the sort of raw, heaving sobs that can’t feel good when you’ve been crying all morning, crying for days and weeks. He has nothing left. Sam's heart breaks for him. Again. And again.
“At least tell me they’re not still hunting. I mean, they’re both capable hunters, but they take risks, Jack. They always took too many risks.” He tries not to remember how many times he pulled the Winchesters out of some beartrap. Not that it wasn’t worth it. But it bothered him, how little Sam and Dean thought about themselves, how readily they jumped in with both feet without weighing the consequences to their own lives.
Dean sees the slushie machine, churning away in the corner. Working perfectly, even though there’s no one around to drink what it has to offer. He draws closer to it. Bends at the waist so that he’s eye-level with the levers. “Cas,” he whispers. At the slushie machine.
“A lot of others played a role, Castiel. A role they still won’t admit to. But you’re different in that you tried to set things right.”
When he didn’t say anything, she turned to look at him more directly. “I saw your face in there,” she said.
“Why? You gave me seven more months with my family, and my brother’s still alive. And now I get to be with my dad.”
Dean clasped his hands together in front of his computer screen. “Cas. That’s not luck. That’s not misfortune. That’s Billie being an asshole.”
“Dean! Dean!” someone is calling. Someone that sounds like Sam. Dean can’t find Sam anywhere. Then he realizes that Sam is inside the tornado Empty, swirling round and round. And the tornado is approaching Cas and Meg (who’s no longer dressed like a clown but a nun), and they’re trying to get away but the sandpit is too difficult to escape—
Cas’s eyes grew softer, if that was possible. “I don’t disagree with your decision to give Sam time and space with your mother. If that’s what they need, then that’s good. And it’s understandable if you need to be alone. But … I question your rationale.”
He has to admit that he’s partial to angels like this—angels who are painfully blunt and artless. As he once was.
Angels with little exposure to humans don’t understand: You can love someone, but there’s no guarantee they’ll love you back. There are vagaries of attraction; of sexuality, of something called “sparks.” Or “butterflies.” All of which he knows he’s experienced with Dean, sure. But he just doesn’t know if Dean ever felt the same way—if he
“And bagels really confused him. I’ll never forget that. He kept wanting to know who the hell was making off with the center of the sandwich rolls.”
Cas tosses some bread into the pond and watches as several ducks swim for the same piece. “I know, Jack. You don’t have to explain.”
Even if he could respond, he wouldn’t. It’s not worth it, he’s learned over the years. He’s never been able to reason with fellow angels when it comes to the topic of humanity. He can’t make them see how extraordinary humans are in all their ordinariness—how uniquely versatile and sensitive, how much they accomplish during their mere eighty-five years on earth (a hundred if they’re lucky), a third of which they devote to sleeping.
“No, this is your room,” Dean said amid Cas’s protests. “It’s always been your room. Other people just use it when you’re not around.” He opened the door to the room and flicked on the light, gesturing to the space.
His mother was so diligent about cleaning her gun, so particular. That must be where Sam got his anal retentiveness. Of course, Sam preferred to use the reading room for
So this is angel rehab. That’s what Cas calls it. He imagines Dean joking about it. “Angels have rehab? Is it a twelve-step thing? Do angels even
Jack grabbed his hand and squeezed it. “Not right now, Sam. All I can tell you is that you have to go on living. Dean has to go on living. We need you both.”
They could drive but decide to walk instead, and Cas explains a little more about heaven, how it’s put together, how this secluded place can exist for them while being part of wider heaven. When they get to town they decide on a diner that serves breakfast, and though it’s crowded, there are always going to be seats.
“Well, he certainly seems very nice. Earnest.” She hadn’t looked up from her gun so far, but now she did, tucking a wisp of hair behind her ear. “Be careful with him, Dean.”
“Most don’t desire it. Some do. But our true forms aren’t—I mean, it’s different. I wouldn’t know, but … most angels don’t feel emotions like that. Those of us who do learned emotions from living among humans.”
“I know what it’s called. I’m still convinced that it’s an ugly way to do your work. Especially since—well, your father had such elegant handwriting.”
Cas shook his head, reaching out to touch the pitch-black wall of their cell. “No.” He turned around. “Anna’s right. She doesn’t deserve to be here.”
“You know, Castiel?” she said, and now her voice was halting. Diffident. “I mean, what you did for us—it was unimaginable. We’ll never be able to thank you.” Her hand brushed his. “But … maybe being an angel isn’t so bad. I mean, we’re your family too.”
He’d never met two beings, on heaven or earth, who had such integrity. He was baffled by it at first—and later, humbled. They didn’t care what anyone thought, what anyone said. They questioned every source of knowledge, every assumption, rather than falling back on what anyone told them to do.
“So you won’t mind if I …” He touches Cas’s face, tilts his chin upward and kisses him. Just briefly, gently, but better than that day in the bunker.
“I don’t—I don’t remember any of that,” he says, realizing that his breathing has grown more regular. Leave it to Jack to talk him down.
“Well, yeah. You had your moments. And sometimes he deserved them. But anyway, you raised me. That took a lot of patience. No wonder you didn’t have a lot left for Jack.”
Cas didn’t say anything as he continued to flip through the pictures. Even though he’d already flipped through them at least once. Maybe twice.
“What happened between us—it can’t happen again. Not like that, not—” He couldn’t finish his sentence.
These are the small joys they allow themselves, a place they can be together and speak English and wear human clothing and partake in the trappings of American kitsch.
Dean wipes his eyes with the back of his hand, and Cas can tell that the laughter was something he needed. To take the edge off.
Dean was sitting in front of his laptop, finishing a soft drink in a waxy paper cup. He rattled it to move the ice and then sucked on the straw again. He looked at Cas. “Are you waiting for me to say ‘what’? Is that my cue?”
“For some people,” Cas continued as though Dean hadn’t interrupted, “seeing ghosts is something they want. They would view someone with a psychic gift as fortunate, I suppose. Even if that person feels very unfortunate.”
He wonders how much his dad heard. Then again, he doesn’t really care at this point. If his dad thinks he’s a fruit? Oh well. He’s dead. They’re both dead.
When he got no answer, he wondered if he was going about this prayer thing the wrong way—acting the way he did on earth by expecting Cas to show up, and getting mad when he didn’t.
Dean stops paying attention to the news. The virus seems far removed from him and Sam, and he doubts it’s a big deal anyway. It’s just a cold, and it probably doesn’t have a supernatural cause. Everyone thought swine flu was lethal too, but it turned out to be no big whoop. He and Sam will probably get the cold at some point or another, and then they’ll get better and get on with their lives. Their long-ass boring Cas-less lives.
But Cas knows it’s about more than allowing themselves to indulge in these rituals. It’s about closure. It’s about saying goodbye to the things they left behind—the human world with its broken sincerity and gaudy imperfections. The world of Sam and Dean, to which they’ll never return, not
“Thanks, Cas. You should too.” He patted Cas on the shoulder—the kind of “bro touch” that comprised most of their physical interaction. “You know Cas—”
“That song is very Daniel,” he says as he leads Ambriel out the backdoor and onto the terrace. But instead of staying on the terrace, they descend the steps to take a stroll around the backyard.
He sighed. “Cas hated himself for what he did to you, Claire. You and your family—you were his biggest regret.”
Cas’s eyes met his and they were warm and affectionate. Lately Dean saw him looking more and more like that—more sensitive.
“Tell you what,” he says to Sam, “since we know how the world really works? We’ll celebrate Jack’s birthday. We will go all motherfucking out on that one.”
Metatron looks at the ceiling. “Oh my God, Castiel … screw Paris.” He shakes his head. “Seriously, if you go to Dean Winchester and start whining to him about all that growing-old shit he didn’t get to do? That’s what he’s going to say to you. ‘Screw Paris.’”
“Let’s just say hunting’s been slow lately. Maybe that has to do with Jack and Rowena, maybe it doesn’t. But in the meantime, I’ve taken up poker to make ends meet. As it turns out? I’m good at reading people.”
In the evenings, sometimes they go into the Dean Cave and watch movies. They watch anything that gets their mind off everything. Stupid romcoms, action movies, reruns of
Dean continues. “I thought you guys were, I don’t know. Good together.” He looks down at the pie as though making an important decision. “Compatible.”
He takes a breath and just says it: “I just imagined this grand reunion between you two. The happiest of all surprises. The reunion you both deserved. Romantic, I guess? Well, it was so stupid of me. Stupid and sentimental.”
Neither of them says anything. Dean looks away. Sam notices he’s clutching the same dull green jacket he was wearing the morning he met them in town. The morning after Cas died.
He runs through the story, telling Dean how Hannah had fetched him so they could try to persuade Daniel and Adina to return to heaven to face punishment. How things went sideways, and Cas ended up killing Daniel. How Adina was distraught afterwards, enraged, tracking down him and Hannah to kill them. And then how Crowley intervened.
“I love you, Cas,” he says. It’s something he’ll say every day, going forward, even if Cas isn’t there to say it back. “Even if we never see each other again—”
“Thank you, but I’m fine. I’ll take the elevators.” Elevators will give him some time to work out what he needs to say.
He tried not look exasperated. He hates how other angels credit him for this. As if he did it alone.
“Good,” Dean whispers. He rubs his hand along Cas’s arm. “You are one brave sonofabitch, let me tell you. Don't let anyone tell you different. Never met anyone like you when it comes to that stuff.”
Dean sniffles, raises his head a little bit to look at Cas. “I love you too so much, Cas.” His voice breaks. “Oh, Cas. I’m just—I’m so sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t say that when I was alive. I’m sorry that I didn’t make you feel … wanted.”
Cas tries to look up just enough to gesture to Gabriel that he’ll be there, but it’s no use. Gabriel sees his face.
“He’s taken a hard line against celestial intervention. Angels—we caused more problems than we solved. Taking vessels was necessary, but a great wrong. So now both angels and demons are restricted from interacting with humans as we used to. Jack and Rowena are in agreement about that. We still help, but …” Cas shifts, cupping the back of Dean’s head. “Jack loves you. He loves you so much, Dean. There’s nothing you could ever do to make that not true. You have to trust that.”
Sam pushes himself from the wall and goes over to stand next to Dean. “Not everything is about you, Dean. He was my friend too. Did you ever think about that? You don’t have a fucking monopoly on missing Cas.” He relaxes. Puts his hands in his pockets. “Maybe it would help to have a, I don’t know. A service. A … more meaningful goodbye.”
Dean turns away from Sam, looking out the car window. Then he rests his forehead against it. “A moment of true happiness. That fucking idiot.” He tilts his head to glance back at Sam. “You know what that meant for Cas?”
Jack looks like the same teenager he was when Dean knew him, with his down-to-earth clothes and shoes. But here he’s also happier. Lighter. Like nothing is weighing him down. On earth, he was sad. Even when he was trying not to be. No matter how he smiled, he couldn’t conceal it—that same deep sadness that Dean remembers seeing in Sammy’s face, when Sam was just that age. The sadness that came from losing a mother. And having a fucked-up father.
“Hey,” Dean says, setting a hand on his shoulder. “Seriously, pal. I’m here for you. And if you don’t want to talk, that’s cool too. Plenty of things I didn’t feel like talking about—not even to you or Sam. But you gotta let me in on your limits. Is it restaurants? Crowds? Other angels?”
“Ambriel—” He sighs while collecting himself. He doesn’t even know where to begin. The human world is what’s weirder than theirs when it comes to these things. Complicated. If angels desire companionship (and most don't, at least not on that level), they just pair off.
Jack strokes his head. “Well, that’s not entirely true. Not everyone is okay. But if it’s taking you longer to recover, it’s because you absorbed the brunt of the Empty’s anger. As you helped others escape, it got angrier and angrier and had fewer beings on which to exact revenge. And—you know how the Empty worked. It confronted you with your sins, your guilt. It’s not surprising that it blew your own guilt out of proportion, weakening your essence. The Empty knew what makes us tick. It hit you where you live and breathe.”
Cas smiled. “It’s okay. I was a dick. And even when I wasn't trying to be, there were a lot of times I
Unlike Sam and Claire, Dean avoids disaster porn—he just doesn’t need that in his life, he gets enough of it already—but he remembers seeing a show about the space shuttle. Everyone assumed the astronauts died when the thing blew up, but they didn’t. They might not have even lost consciousness. That meant that they didn’t die until they hit the ocean, minutes later. They were awake and alive, all the way down.
Everything took on a different meaning. He remembered a few years ago when he and his mother had been sitting in the reading room together, cleaning guns.
He’s glad Sam has someone to be with. He deserves to be happy. Dean does not have anyone to be with, and he’d like to keep it that way. Sam said something offhand about online dating, and Dean seriously left the room before he could punch him.
What happened next happened quickly. Dean stepped forward, filling the small space between them. He set his hands against Cas’s shoulders and pushed him against the wall. Not gingerly, but not aggressively either. He pressed himself against Cas, the heat of his breath against his neck at first, and then his cheek. And their lips met briefly, and Cas could feel his own desire, clinging like sap, and he remembered again what it meant to be enfolded in a human body, to be ensconced in its desire for closeness and warmth.
“Reapers, man. They’re brutal. But don’t dwell on that. That’s past stuff. I don’t care, Cas.” He shakes his head slightly. “And besides, I don’t have—I mean, this is new to me, too.”
When it’s time—a time that reaches them far sooner than they thought possible—Dean says he knows exactly where Sam will be. Sam won’t wander heaven the way he once did.
Dean presses his palms together even harder. “Is that why he—I mean, I prayed to him constantly. Is that why he never answered? Because he didn’t want me to be dead?”
“She actually dies in the beginning,” Metatron says. “But that’s beside the point.” He holds out his hands, a fruitless gesture. “We always think that humans should get more time.
So it seems that Jack doesn’t want a perfect world. There’s still global warming and one-ply toilet paper; there are parking tickets and internet trolls. There’s the common cold, which Sam gets in the fall, as he always does. And it spares Dean, as it always does, even though Dean’s the one who looks like shit and hasn’t been taking care of himself. Hasn't eaten a balanced meal in months. Starts every day with a beer or three.
“Is this is your favorite pickup line?” Dean said, “If so, I can tell you there might be a reason you’re as ‘lucky’ as you want to be.”
“And he won’t tell you this, but he’s the one who ended the Empty. He did that by getting everyone out. He didn’t just claw his way back here, to me. He got everyone else out as well. The other angels. It’s part of what’s allowed heaven to grow this wide and deep. Angel energy helps power heaven.”
“He fell in love with me because he thought I was someone I wasn’t. He thought I was selfless.” He almost laughs. “That’s what did it, in the end. That’s what it took to summon the Empty. That’s
“Well, so what?” Gabriel gives his upper arm an affectionate squeeze. “That’s nothing you can change now. So it doesn’t matter.”
Dean laughs. “True. From sunup to sundown, you were a pain in my ass. By the time Jack came around, my reservoir was depleted.” He gives Sam’s shoulder another squeeze that’s both hard and impossibly affectionate. This is his brother at his most generous, his most unguarded. Even though he’s been through hell, literally—and is now gloriously alive and healthy, with a festival full of pie at his disposal—he’d still rather talk about Sam’s problems.
dismissed the possibilities: he didn’t think anyone could love him as devotedly, as undistractedly, as Cas did. He didn’t think he deserved it, that he mattered so much to someone else, let alone a celestial being. The fact that Cas stuck around? It had to be some weird angel quirk. Wasn’t that how angels rolled? They dedicated themselves to one person and stuck around for the duration. Like an arranged marriage.
get tired, and it had been a long, stressful, and disappointing day. They’d been Purgatory and back. It was there he got knocked out, lost Cas, and then found him—while Cas retrieved the blossom. But everything else had been a bust. They’d failed to trap Chuck.
“Give him some time,” Sam said. “He’s done this before. Just remind yourself of that. He’s been to the Empty. He’s been to hell. He’s been to purgatory. And he always comes back. When we see Chuck tonight—”
he did and is somehow already here, and thriving, while Dean’s wandering around like a dickshit chump with a hangover. And also— “How are you so big? When we rescued you, you were, like, nine.”
“No, I’m the rare angel who’s not hierarchy-obsessed, Metatron. Not that you’d understand, but there’s a difference. I happen to agree that archangels were part of the problem. And plus.” He looks around at them and smirks. “I enjoy slumming with you folks. No really, I do.”
He feels terrible. A minute ago he was blasting Jack for taking him on this overlong tedious magical carpet-ride.  Again, the son he never deserved.
“I—I’m not talking about that, Dean.” She sounded evermore impatient. “It goes—it goes beyond … It’s like.” She fixed herself on him. “Have you ever seen those documentaries about people calling their families from crashing planes? Or like, the Twin Towers, or whatever?”
During these nights they’d sometimes lie awake and share their own memories—funny things about Cas. Sometimes they’d even laugh. “Forget about the bees,” Sam said. “Remember the time he showed up looking like Matisyahu?”
the Gas-n-Sip? Maybe this is how he’s rebuilt heaven, by becoming the inanimate architecture he admired while he was on earth. Christ, maybe he’ll become the bunker next. Or the house where Jack was born.
Miraculously, parking doesn’t seem to be a problem. There’s a garage with spaces and spaces and spaces. The conveniences of modern heaven.
“You take up for nephilim, rebel against heaven, and renege on a deal with the Empty. I don’t think of you as a stickler for rules.”
“Exactly, Castiel. We don’t even know if this is gonna work. It’s an experiment, and I’m expendable. You’re not. If this doesn’t work, at least these people still have you. You’ll figure out something else.”
“You’re so much more sanguine than your brother,” Cas told him once. “Or at least you seem that way on the outside.”
. Up until three months ago, he thought he was straighter than a steak knife. Then Cas had to go and plant all these … doubts.
“And I just saw a kid in town who—who died after me. Of cancer. And he beat me here. How does that happen?”
. (So Cas had been interested in politics. Who knew?) A map of a national park in Idaho. Still more fishing gear, most of it completely untouched, price tags still attached. A couple pictures of Sam and Dean and Jack in the glove compartment. Also, an iPod.
“Why? It’s not our thing. It doesn’t have to do with us. And … I don’t think it’s healthy for you, Sam. What does your doctor say? About fixating on things you can’t change.”
Finally, when Dean’s breathing starts to flatten, Cas begins again. “Angels aren’t happy beings, Dean. We just aren’t. We’re not built for it. The word ‘happiness’ barely exists in Enochian. It’s not something that enters into our day-to-day reality. We don’t exist to be happy—we exist to serve. To serve God, to serve humanity. To carry out orders. To go where we’re told, when we’re told. Not to yearn for some kind of fulfillment. Whatever you want to call it. We don’t have that. We don’t even have a word for leisure.”
Cas’s hands are in his lap, clasped. Shaking. “Some rules need to be broken, Jack. If you learned anything from me and Sam and Dean … it has to be that.”
? Will Dean be expected to kiss Federico? What if he doesn’t want to? And if Federico offers to give him a blowjob, should he politely decline? Or should he say yes? And then what? He’ll have to return the favor.
.” Sam takes a step forward. “And in the end, when you were just going to send him off to die as a suicide bomber for us? There aren’t words to describe what you did to him, the damage you caused. You fucked that kid up, Dean.”
He still felt the touch of his mother's soft hands in his hair, so different from Dean's. For a second, a moment of blinding clarity, he knew it was either her or Dean. It was safety or freedom.
After service, Cas found Dean outside. They shook hands, polite and well-mannered as anything. Then Cas ran his fingers over Dean's tie.
"I'm not going there on vacation," Castiel snapped, feeling a pang of guilt when his mother flinched.
Dean didn't like it when his dad hit him in front of Sam. He didn't like it when his dad hit him at all, but Sam's sad eyes and ineffective pleas just made the whole thing worse.
"Apologies." Cas took a deep breath. His shoulders slumped in his deep red dress shirt, and somewhere at the edge of Dean's mind, he thought of communion wine and fresh blood.
Dean wanted to throw up. Cas, all faith and tenderness and blue blue eyes, was in as much trouble as Dean was. Dean didn't want to know what was happening to Cas right now. Ignorance was bliss. (Not bliss, maybe, but safer. Better.)
Dean thinks back to that moment—that awful moment. His chest seizes. “I love you, Cas.” He takes a deep, trembling breath. “I’m so sorry I couldn’t say it. When I needed to. When you … you were dying. When you were murdered in front of me. For me.”
But Cas pointed out that maybe the widow was relieved to be so unlucky—that in that moment she felt lucky. She felt comfort. Her last seconds must have been terrifying, but also mercifully quick.
He’s not surprised that Dean is emotional, that he’s crying. He knows how deeply Dean feels things. “I love you so much, Dean,” he says quietly, once he's caught his breath enough to speak.
"I don't know about lucky," Dean said, but he kinda smiled as he said it so that Cas knew it was a joke. (Cas didn't always understand jokes. Dean loved him for it.)
something. Dean wasn't exactly sure if it was supposed to. He thought that untying Cas's tie for him and stripping to undershirts and bare skin meant something, but perhaps it didn't. He thought that the gentle brush of Cas's hand through his hair meant something, thought that the heat of Cas's palm gripped tight to his meant something. But perhaps it didn't.
It’s been a loooong while, but here you go, have a brotherly chat!! Warnings for suicidal thoughts and discussion of child abuse
Cas turned to Metatron. “You’re the one who introduced the idea of a ‘snitch ward,’ Metatron. You set the narrative. You told a story—a convincing story, which got everyone on board. We bought it.”
During this tiff, Claire and Kaia sat on the sofa, Claire against the armrest, so that she kept nudging Kaia’s thighs with her feet. They seemed completely unfazed by Alex and Jody and just kept looking at their cellphones. And chuckling as they traded glances. Dean realized they were texting each other, lost in their own little world.
He staggers forward again, burying his face in Cas’s shoulder to cry. At some point Sam leaves them.
“Geez. Don’t flatter yourself, Mr. Rochester—I’m not here for the view. I thought you might like to come along.”
And he must admit that he knows where they’re coming from. Like them, he spent the ages at a fair distance from humanity, stationed at the periphery to drive off demons. Until he met Sam and Dean, he didn’t know
The clink of saucers interrupts his thoughts. Then a waiter plunks two mugs of coffee, asks what they want.
“On your way to what?” John says, not budging from the mouth of the living room. “We’ve barely gotten to see you since you got here, and now you’re leaving again?”
Halfway there, he loses his nerve. He brings the car to the side of the road and slumps against the steering wheel. He can’t go through with this. I mean, what will they even
“Good. Yeah, we can be intimate, Cas.” He reaches for Cas’s left hand with his right hand and weaves his fingers through Cas’s. “Sexually. If it’s something you want.”
Dean picks up his drink. “Thanksgiving was a shitshow. I’d be surprised if she invites us at all, actually.”
“Maybe Jack did?” Dean covers it back up and puts it back on the shelf. “I like tuna salad as much as the next person, but that’s not going to do it.” He closes the door. “Where to get food in heaven? Do you order it? Manifest it? What?”
“I don’t do metaphors very well myself, Hannah. It’s something I struggled with during my time on earth.”
“I mean, what you’d look like. I thought maybe I was looking for someone the size of the Chrysler Building.”
“Yes, your dimension is difficult to navigate by faith alone. Your belief systems don’t lend themselves to recognizing an un-vesseled benevolent presence. You’re attuned more often to negative energy—a consequence of your evolutionary programming. But listen, Sam. That’s why I’m here.”
Metatron chuckles quietly. “Good to know the Empty didn’t change your charming personality. Well, I’m off to play some tiddlywinks for my social hour. Gadreel’s already in there.” He walked away.
“I know Cas,” Jack says, setting a hand on Cas’s forehead. “I just wish you’d forgive yourself. You didn’t fail.”
Sprawled on his back and staring up at Dean, Jimmy Novak appears stunned at first. Then he looks pissed. In the same space of time, Dean goes from elation to confusion to realization to massive, massive disappointment.
But Dean doesn’t seem to give a thought to any of that. He’s already up from the bench, handing off his pie to a family passing by. “No, there’s nothing wrong with the pie,” he’s telling them. “It’s fantastic. Me and my brother—we just overestimated ourselves. Here, help yourselves.”
“Children born on Christmas have an astonishing number of superstitions surrounding them, many of them contradictory. Some old wives’ tales say that they can talk to animals. Others say that they turn into goblins. Others still say they’re very lucky—maybe the luckiest people on earth. But other superstitions say they’re
The next morning, Dean is up before he is. That’s a first. He’s in bed, reading a book, but he looks down at Cas as he wakes up. “Good morning, starshine.”
“The whole time I was with you,” Cas says, “I didn’t realize how happy you made me. Because it just wasn’t even … it’s like, I loved you, and I wanted nothing more than to be around you and Sam. But we always had work to do. So I didn’t think about happiness at all—or whether someone like me could even
, Cas thinks, and it’s deeply affecting to know this, but it also engenders in him a kind of protectiveness. He wants to assure Dean that he loves him unconditionally—that there’s nothing Dean could possibly do that would upset him or change the way he feels or make him not okay.
New Year’s Eve passes without a lot of fanfare. Sam and Eileen go out to dinner and ask if Dean wants to meet them afterwards for drinks, an invitation Dean finds ridiculous. But he declines politely, not wanting to horn in on the happy couple’s alone time.
“As I said,” Metatron continued, “welcome to the snitch ward. Otherwise known as the ninth circle of hell, made specially to house those who betrayed their own kind.”
"And Moses. Good guy, Moses." Dean tried to pull biblical figures out of the cobwebby parts of his head. "And Esther. I liked her."
Dean eased himself down to rest on Cas. Cas rubbed his hand up and down Dean's back, pressing kisses to the top of Dean's head every few seconds.
Cas stumbled backwards, but he caught Dean with strong arms wrapped around his waist. Dean regained his balance quickly but didn't move away. (Why would he?)
"Shall I read from the Scripture?" Bartholomew finally said. "Perhaps it will help you see the evil of your ways."
"My father fixed it for Anna." Cas leaned into Dean's side and closed his eyes. "I miss this place."
The view out of the treehouse was, in Dean's opinion, awesome. A few stubborn stars clung to the purple-gray of dawn, but he could see orange sunlight through the trees. It was early enough that dew was clinging to Dean's hair, but the birds were loud and cheery.
Dean gestured to the deep slash on his shoulder, and Sam set to patching him up. "Tight or loose?" he asked, holding the roll of bandages.
It was there, with Cas's blue blue eyes barely fluttering open and Dean whispering how much he loved him, that Dean felt a harsh hand on the back of his collar.
Sam ducked his head to try and catch a glimpse of Dean's face. "I'm not mad that you kissed Cas," he continued earnestly. "I like Cas. He's nice."
"The feeling is mutual," Cas replied. The look on his face was more confused squint than happy crinkle, but he didn't look upset. Just like he was trying to figure Dean out.
John and Mary were the best parents a little kid could ever ask for. But when John-and-Mary was shortened to just John, things took a turn for the worse.
And it was true. Castiel loved his mother. He knew she wanted the best for him. In bed, staring into the darkness, Castiel wondered what he should do.
Dean couldn't scold his brother. His whisper was no louder than a breath. (And Dean was feeling too choked up to say anything, even if he wanted to.)
"That's kissing," Cas said, but his lips were still mostly against Dean's so his words didn't register as more than low, beautiful sounds.
Dean ruffled Sammy's hair and pressed a kiss to the top of his head. "It just isn't. But guess what?"
A strange thump joined the sound of cicadas and Dean jumped to his feet. He peered out the window and saw a familiar silhouette bathed in the soft yellow light of the street lamp. Cas dropped his bike on the sidewalk and picked his way through neat flowerbeds, teetering a little bit to avoid stepping on any. It was ridiculously endearing, and ridiculously
Cas climbed down from the treehouse first, sure of every movement even in the dim light of morning. Dean followed. His foot slipped, but Cas's hands were there on his hips to steady him.
Instead he just kinda smiled to show Cas he didn't mind (even though he minded just a little) and asked, "You still wanna...?"
The boy sat next to Dean on the small stone bench. His eyes caught the engraving on the side and traced the Bible verse with his fingertips. "You are not at peace," he said, this time as a statement.
Cas grabbed Dean's hip and squeezed just hard enough to make a point. "And I always follow directions?"
Cas was lying on his back, his shirt still open (thank God). Dean was smushed next to him, propped up on his elbows to look down at his friend. The shade of the trees protected them from the summer sun. It was kinda perfect.
"Calling you— hey!" Dean found himself with Cas's hands up his shirt and kisses pressed to his neck. "Cas, what the hell?"
Dean ruffled Sammy's hair and gave Eileen a fist bump before leaving them to their middle school shenanigans.
Dean had hot tears pooling in his eyes, but he couldn't help it. Getting punched in the nose always made him tear up. His dad stopped hitting him in the face after Dean outgrew frequent tumbles with other boys his age, but all bets were off now, it seemed.
Dean felt his legs turning to jelly, felt his heart beating so hard that his whole body was drumming. Bartholomew gripped Dean's shoulder (hard), and smiled so charmingly that people barely acknowledged Dean as they marched back into the church.
Sammy beamed. "Thanks, Cas!" He ran off to the kitchen, weaving around small clusters of gossiping old ladies.
Trigger warning: abusive John Winchester and mention of self-harm. There’s nothing very graphic, but this is a backstory chapter so feel free to skip it if you need to <3
"There it is!" Dean pointed to a tree with branches as wide as Dean himself. It was low to the ground at some points, but Dean had once climbed a few stories high in this tree. "It's perfect, Cas, I swear."
"It's okay Dean, thank you for getting it." Cas said with a small, slightly sad smile. Sam watched this play out, and then realization crossed his face.
"Oh, yes. Those should prove very easy. I'll be back in a minute." Cas said, and then there was a flapping of wings that made the case files on the table flutter, and he was gone.
"I apologize." Cas said softly, looking at Dean. He then froze, staring out into space for a solid thirty seconds while Sam and Dean watched him. "I... There is something else. I can sense longing, you know this,-"
Dean vaguely registered Cas and Sam yelling though all of the pain washing over him. He heard: "Dean! Oh my God, please don't die! Whatever it is, it's okay, you can tell us! Cas, Cas can't you heal him?!" In Sam's frantic voice, followed by "I can't heal the spell, but maybe I can ease his pain enough that he can think straight enough to tell us," he felt a warm hand on his cheek, and then a small warmth, Castiel's grace, he realized. "I- It's not enough, it's not working. No, please, Dean! Don't die, you can't die like this." Wow, Cas sounds pretty desperate, Dean thought. I don't want him to be sad. But I can't tell him, because then he'll hate me. At least, if I die without telling him, he won't hate me.
"Alright dude, let's get back to the bunker. We clearly need to find out what the hell this curse is before we go chasing that witch again." Cas nodded weakly at Dean's words, now in to much pain to protest that Dean should find her regardless of his state. It felt like his chest was collapsing in on itself, his ribs cracking and lungs puncturing. But, when he placed his hand on his chest, he found a very uncollapsed ribcage, though every time he breathed it did feel like a thousand knives.
"Dude, no way," Dean replied, "You're hurt, or cursed, or whatever. We can gank her some other time. Right now we gotta find a way to help you." He tried to pull Cas to his feet, but every time he did Cas just slumped back to the ground, and Dean couldn't support his full weight by himself. Dean may have a couple inches of height on him, but the dude was heavy. After the third try, Cas had just collapsed on his side, face smushed into the floor.
Cas, newly fallen and horrible at getting a human amount of sleep, apparently, was lagging behind Dean in the hallway out of sheer exhaustion. The heavy outfit from before he fell (that he absolutely refused to take off) couldn't be aiding in the free movement he was going for. He was also holding his gun wrong, but Dean didn't have the time to address all of that, because that was the moment the door decided to give.
"3:18 am, wow," Dean said, rubbing his forehead with his right hand. "Yeah, okay, let's sleep. Your bed or mine?"
All Dean knew was that Cas leaned into his touch a little more than usual, and that Cas was in a lot of pain right now. Cas let out a particularly loud groan, and Dean placed a hand on his shoulder in an attempt to steady both Cas and himself. To reassure himself that Cas was still there, was not going to die on his watch.
"Dean," Cas said, voice rough and strained from the pain that was trying to claw his way out of his chest, "I'm sorry. I let her get away. You should go after her. I'll be okay."
Thank you so much for reading! The next chapter will be out asap :0 comments and kudos really do make my day :D
Cas took a look over at the beds. It was going to be difficult to fit two people on one bed while still maintaining a comfortable distance. "The left one has fewer lumps, so mine."
"We are not attached at the hip. We are simply holding hands. It is not the end of the world, Dean," Cas said, tilting his head in Dean's direction. "I know that it makes you uncomfortable, and I am sorry. If we knew what the curse was, then it would be much easier to learn how to break it. Until we figure it out or get the witch to break it, you will just have to... what do you say? 'Suck it up'?" A little self satisfied smile graced Cas's face, and Dean could tell that he was teasing.
"Hey, that wasn't so bad, right?" Dean said, still looking very concerned despite his words. He patted the side of Cas's head, ruffling his hair a little, and Cas leaned into his touch very heavily before Dean pulled away and closed the door gently. Dean plopped down in the driver's seat a moment later, and fell into the routine of starting up the car and pulling out of the small apartment block's parking lot.
"Fine. When the curse hit me, it was like I was being stabbed in the chest with a thousand white-hot pieces of glass. Then, you ran over to make sure I was okay, and you touched me, and it was like cool water instead of searing heat. It was good. I was fine again. And then your hand dropped and it was back to white-hot glass. When you were carrying me into the room, that was even better. Nothing hurt, and I felt... safe. That is probably the best way to describe it, yes," Cas finished, breathing out slowly and evenly in a controlled way. He sat up to see Dean's reaction, looking like he was bracing for impact.
"It's not my problem that no one is true to themselves around here! I'm just giving them a little bit of incentive. A little pain for when they don't act on it. You know what I'm talking about, don't you, Agent Haker? I know that isn't your real name, by the way."
"It's not an inconvenience, Cas." Dean leaned in a little and knocked their shoulders together, hand rubbing up and down Cas's arm in reassurance. "I normally don't touch you because I figure you don't like being touched. You don't, do you?"
He needed to, but he couldn't. He knew that Cas would never return his feelings. That Cas didn't want him for anything more than a friend, for a brother. He knew that this was the one thing he couldn't have. A wave of pain knocked him to his knees, almost making him black out, but he would rather die than hurt the man he loved by telling him that he was in love with him. Cas fell to his knees beside him, holding his shoulders so he wouldn't collapse all the way.
"It's not that, it's just... oh, fucking hell." Dean exclaimed, the pain reaching a breaking point, and wrapped his arms around Cas's waist, pulling him closer and tucking his head into Cas's neck. Cas made a small noise of surprise and lifted his hands for a few seconds, causing Dean to tense up a little. Cas looked up at Sam, and with a little nod of encouragement from him, firmly and enthusiastically wrapped one of his arms around Dean's shoulders and threaded his other hand into Dean's hair. Dean then relaxed, finally giving in and letting the pain dissipate with a smile on his face.
Once they got there, it was all routine, and it seemed as if this was going to be a regular, cut-and-dry job. They got a room at the Rye Motel, dressed up in their Fed suits and headed over to the coroner's office to see the victims. The reports did not do the bodies justice, to say the least. Sam managed to stomach looking into the victim's ribcage, and on the back of the rib right above his heart, was a symbol depicting several interlocking circles. Dean checked the other two victims and confirmed that the symbol was on the others' ribs.
"I believe it works that way. Go ahead and get comfortable." Cas put his hand on Dean's arm where the sleeve of his t-shirt ended as Dean flipped over onto his stomach. The contact warded off most of the pain, but it left a twinge behind his ribs that wouldn't go away.
And then Cas stood up and Dean felt hot and cold and not at all like he felt when he was about to kiss Rhonda Hurley. He watched Cas leave, his mouth kinda dry, and turned back to Sammy and Eileen.
"Hey, that's alright then." Dean almost clapped Cas on the shoulder but realized that might throw his unsteady friend off balance. Instead, he squeezed Cas's hand, which still made Cas sway a little. Dean smirked and jumped off the branch, rolling onto the ground.
Then Cas's little sister Anna nudged him and pointed up to their father. Cas didn't exactly smile before turning back, but he crinkled his eyes at Dean and that was just as good. Maybe better, Dean decided, grinning to himself.
Castiel felt a little bubble of hope rise up in his chest. He touched the book lightly. The plain navy blue cover gave nothing away. "Mother?"
Bartholomew made a quick phone call asking for John Winchester to be brought to the church. Dean tried to amuse himself with images of his hungover dad being dragged in by old church ladies. The amusement didn't last long — his dad wouldn't lash out until he was alone with Dean.
"I'm sure God has nothing to do with my speech patterns," Cas answered sharply. There it was, just a little bit of Castiel Novak slipping through the
Dean hesitated just long enough for Cas to dart away. "C'mon, buddy. You're fine. I won't touch your hair."
"Nothing." Dean couldn't remember how he got the large, splotchy burn on his wrist, so it wasn't exactly a lie. (He still felt kinda guilty for not telling the truth though. It was something about those blue blue eyes.)
Sammy didn't have to be like this. He could be loud and free; he could do his homework in peace; he could spill a glass of milk without his eyes growing large and panicked.
(Not deep, not deep enough by far, but his ribs ached even with the shallow gasps that he could manage.)
Dean pushed Sammy's long legs off of the chair across from him and collapsed into it. He suspected that once the rest of Sammy's body caught up with his legs, the kid would be taller than him. (He wasn't gonna tell Sammy that, though.)
Cas’s eyes shone a bit at that, and Dean couldn't tell if he was happy or two steps away from crying. Maybe both.
"You love everything," Cas continued. "Did you know that? I remember meeting you for the first time and wondering if loving like that was exhausting."
There was a small knock on Castiel's door, and he quickly snatched a pamphlet, pretending to study the "methods for recovery" page intently. The words swam before him.
"C'mon, I got something to show you." Dean hooked a finger in Cas's belt loop and tugged him toward the front door.
"You're wrong," Dean said after a while. He lifted his head from Cas's chest and kissed someplace that was really closer to Cas's jaw than his cheek. It made Cas squirm, and Dean grinned before trying again on the other side.
He planned those words in the bathroom mirror, wincing as a carefully nonchalant shrug angered a welt on his arm.
Cas moved his finger over Dean's lips and pulled him a little closer by the hand on his back. The rough heat of Cas's hands on Dean's bare skin was enough to light him on fire.
"You can not have faith in God, and be okay with homosexuality!" Bartholomew boomed. He seemed to realize he was yelling, because he forced a smile. “But this is about love.”
Dean had heard of those kids. One of the girls in his English class always got called to the office during lunch for her meds. People whispered about why she wore long sleeves even on the hottest days. Dean cringed at the idea. He already felt too much.
Dean wasn't about to argue. Why would he? Cas looked soft and relaxed in his hoodie, and Dean was allowing himself to truly enjoy that for the first time. Cas's hair was messy (as always) but this time Dean brushed some of it back into place. Cas's hair was soft and thick.
Dean flicked the Bible closed. Sam glanced at him questioningly, but didn't say anything. Dean kind of wished Sam would elbow him in the side and hiss "what's your problem" quietly enough that nobody would hear. Dean would tell him. Dean
Dean noticed Sammy sitting on the grass with another kid about his age. They looked like they were playing one of those hand clap games at first, but Dean noticed a particular hand movement and rolled his eyes.
When Dean didn't see Cas right away, years of hide-and-seek led him to the flowering rose bush. There was a small gap between the wall of the church and the bush, just large enough for a teenager if he tucked in his legs and didn't mind dirt and thorns.
Dean ruffled Cas's hair. It was a familiar gesture between the two of them, not charged with anything except late-night giddiness. "Lead the way then."
"I'm not uncomfortable!" Dean rushed to say. If Cas thought he was uncomfortable, he would never give Dean that soft look or touch him so tenderly again. "Just confused."
Dean had only gone to Cas's house a couple times before. It seemed that neither he nor Cas wanted to be there. Honestly, Cas's house was kinda ridiculous. It was large and sleek and modern and white. Dean's house was smaller, a comfortable suburban carbon-copy of the other houses in his neighborhood. They had spent many long afternoons sprawled out on Dean's floor doing homework, arms brushing. Being at Cas's house always meant dinner with too much silverware.
"No son of mine-" John began, and that's all it took for Dean to have one arm over his head and another over his ribs.
Cas laughed and settled in next to Dean. He pulled the blanket over both of them, gently smoothing it over Dean. "It's almost like you know me."
"My socks are even matching," Dean said, and it seemed important that morning but he suddenly wasn't sure why he brought it up.
"Thank you, Lisa, for spreading the Word of God," the preacher said, smiling in a way that wasn't exactly sincere. Dean had never liked Bartholomew Novak. He was like an action figure, shiny and hard and fake. "Good people, please turn to First Corinthians, chapter six, verses nine and ten."
