Steve just smiled at him, and the expression was so—so soft, so warm, so damn loving, like it made him feel a little overcome, a little choked up, just to
“Neither are you, big guy,” Tony said.  “Okay, up you get.  This is going to hurt like hell, stud; I’m sorry.”  At first Steve thought he meant he should stand up, and he was willing to give it a shot, even though he had his doubts that he could do it, but then Tony was pulling his gauntlets back on and lifting him, just like that, one gauntleted hand coming up to cradle Steve’s head against the shoulder of the armor, and Steve felt stupid that he thought Tony would have wanted him to stand like this, about a half-second before it hit him that it was all hurting exactly as badly as Tony had warned him.
of air that made him flush, or would have if he wasn’t so gone on—on everything, Tony’s closeness and presence and the pleasure and heat all through his body, his tight, hot, beautifully sore nipples and throbbing pecs, his tender shoulders and sore, welted, raw buttocks, his throbbing dick and the way even the air teasing chill against the wet, exposed tip made him shudder and ache down to his balls, the way his stomach felt twisted up and pulled taut, tight with need, even the smell of Tony’s cologne and his body, sweat and skin mixed with the familiarly beautiful, enticing smell of the expensive cologne Tony wore twining around him.
Steve hadn’t expected Tony to like spanking when they’d first started this between them.  He’d observed, their first couple of times, that Tony was always gentle in bed, gentle and careful, so careful and attentive and mind-blowingly adept in bringing Steve nothing but incredible pleasure with what seemed like everything he did.  He seemed like all charisma and seduction at first, impossibly good at everything he did for and with Steve, but Steve had slowly begun to see under that, even that first night, and realize that Tony was an incredibly sweet lover, caring, attentive, truly invested in Steve’s, in his partner’s, pleasure, in every way, his gaze rapt and anxious on Steve’s face as he looked so carefully to see if Steve enjoyed every little thing Tony did with him.  He’d been so gentle and sweetly generous and open, all warm hands, sweet, willing mouth, loving caresses, that Steve had sort of assumed he wouldn’t be into anything harder, but of course, he’d been wrong about that. Even so, when they started to play around on the kinkier side of things, he figured Tony wouldn’t like spanking. It kind of hit on a lot of things Tony had issues with, or that Steve sort of suspected he did, and he thought maybe Tony would find it degrading, and not in a fun way, either.
“Feeling good?” he asked, and it came out hoarse, husky and low.
Tony grinned at him.  “I am,” he said.  “You know I am.”  He leaned down, both hands on Steve’s stomach so that he squirmed at the touch, the heat and sensation of Tony’s firm, callused palms, bit out a harsh breath, even as Tony pressed a kiss into his mouth and Steve groaned, arched up for it, relishing in the soft heat of his mouth, the pleasure that swept through him as Tony’s lips touched his, the wet warmth as he swept his tongue between Steve’s lips and into his mouth, sending hot, wonderful sensation all the way down to his toes and making them curl.  And then Tony’s hands slid up, closed over Steve’s pecs again, over his nipples, and squeezed, and pleasure just swept over Steve, hot and jolting and prickling and alive, and bore him away with it.  He moaned, pressed up into Tony’s hands, and then Tony was biting his bottom lip, a gentle little nip that had Steve moaning around it, mouth wet and soft against Tony’s as he swiped his tongue over Steve’s other lip and then pulled away.  Steve was barely aware of anything, his vision hazed with pleasure, but then he heard the snick noise of a bottle cap being opened and looked at Tony to see him slicking his hands with more of the warming oil he’d rubbed all over Steve’s shoulders and back and buttocks and thighs earlier.
After what must have been a long while, of just lying there breathing through the soft moments, every one of them feeling soft and full, Tony on top of him, one of Tony’s hands linked around his and carefully tracing the pulse in his wrist in slow, lulling circles, the other linked with Steve’s fingers, both of them breathing lazily, Tony stirred slightly, pushed himself up over Steve, kissed his back again, the back of his neck, the round of his shoulder.  “You didn’t mind that I didn’t get you off from your cock at all?” he asked, one hand coming up to trace over Steve’s shoulder.
Tony savored each long, slow slide, the fullness of it, tight down his throat, hot and pulsing against the walls of muscle there, every time Steve slid out over his tongue, then Tony rocked his head forward again and slid him back down his throat.  It never took Steve all that long to come from being deep-throated, and so Tony just gripped his hands around Steve’s thighs and relished the overwhelming heat and weight and stretch of it, the way Steve filled up his mouth, over his tongue, his throat, forcing it to squeeze and spasm all around that thick length.  He just lost himself in it, let his hands slide up to rest them against Steve’s firm, clenching stomach muscles, forearms against his thighs, enjoying the way it felt like it rubbed his soft throat raw on the inside, but still felt it as it started to build for Steve, his cock pulsing down Tony’s throat, and pulled back just enough to rub Steve’s wet, lipstick smeared and sticky cock with his hand, so that Steve could come over his tongue.  He always came so much, in big, hot, wet, pulses over Tony’s tongue, and Tony swallowed and swallowed, sucking at the tip, just under the head, against Steve’s foreskin, riding out Steve’s orgasm, trying to prolong it as long as he could, rolling his hand up and down along the shaft, tugging gently as more and more come pulsed out over his tongue, swallowing as best as he could, though he could feel some of it bubbling up, leaking out and spattering over his lips, because Steve just came
“What, sugar?” he asked, and it came out breathless, low and husky, even eager.
Stark’s smile was a little disbelieving this time.  “Really,” he said, “because I seem to recall stealing your national title out from under you, Captain America.”
“Yeah,” Tony gasped out.  “That’s it.  Touch yourself, honey.  You look so good like that.  You like that, thinking about me thinking about you, missing your mouth with my hand around myself?  Couldn’t possibly be as good as you, not in a million years.  I’d be aching for you, your hot wet mouth, your tongue, your big body all over me, beside, me, keeping me nice and warm.  You gonna think about this the next time you bring yourself off, too?”
“Tony,” Steve managed to moan.  He knew his cock was jerking, leaking desperately against his belly, but he didn’t really care about that.  There was Tony and his warm thumbs on Steve’s hot, prickling tits and the way he was talking to him, and he felt helpless and overwhelmed and soft and liquid and
Tony turned his head, just a little, and their lips brushed against each other, a petal soft kiss before Tony pressed a more definite one to the side of Steve’s mouth, against his chin, still rubbing gently at Steve’s wrists, then up along the side of Steve’s face, a row of soft, dragging, wet kisses, before he brought his own hands back down.  Steve left his where they were, tilting his whole body in a little more against Tony.  His shoulders were a shuddering mass of tenderness that made his cock jerk as he shifted against Tony, but it felt so good to tilt his body against his, to feel Tony’s sturdy strength and presence there against him as Tony kissed the lobe of his ear.  The position made him feel strangely vulnerable, the way it exposed his underarms to the air, kept his hands helplessly behind him, canted back and only able to really hold onto Tony, but there was—there was something good about that.  He liked it.
, if he was still too goddamn tight, struggling to take in a deep breath, to blow it out, to relax, and then Steve was slipping into him, deep and quick and slick, over his soft wet insides, deep inside, and Tony was gasping as he opened up around him, as he sank down on top of him and Steve went deep in just one thrust, caught Tony’s hips, pulled out almost to the head and pushed in again, went deeper, then rocked, flexed his hips just once more, pulling himself out and dragging over Tony’s insides, pushing back in, and then he was letting Tony sink down over him again, he was fully sheathed inside him and Tony was moaning.  He felt so
“Tony,” he gasped, and he could feel his mouth hanging open, the way he was panting, shivering, hot all over.
the way that made Brock suck in his breath, made him stiffen.  His hand jerked quickly behind him, Steve could feel it, and he realized Brock was working his cock.  “God, yes,” he groaned.  “Fuck, yes.  Yes.  That’s perfect.  You call me sir.”
“Maybe you should, should call the plumber,” Steve slurred out.
Tony made a soft, pleased sort of groan, and turned his face in toward in the inside of Steve’s thigh, his mouth dragging wet and open along the fabric as he did.
Tony grinned.  “It’s naturally curly, you know,” he said, feeling unduly pleased at that, even though usually his wavy hair annoyed the hell out of him.
Tony clasped his hand, helped him up, helped him turn over, get on his hands and knees.  The weights pulled down on his clamped tits, swaying under him, and Steve lost himself in the pulling, aching pain of it for long moments, rocking back and forth, letting them pull at him, feeling an echo in the bob of his aching, hot, untouched and needy cock in the air, so wet around the head and dripping that every movement of his hips made air touch it with a whisper of cold.  He was shuddering, lost in it, in the sensation, in his head, in his body, and then Tony slid two slick fingers down his crack, into his hole, and Steve felt himself flinch with need, with want, cry out at the sudden pressure, the penetration and sensation, not pleasure or pain, just
Steve bit his lip and sat up, reached back and fingered loosely at his wet, sticky hole.  It was slightly tender.  More than a little.  Oh, ow.  A little sore, maybe.
, of being whatever somebody else wanted, for their use, just for them, not for himself, and it was wonderful, and he pressed his forehead into the back of his hand and ground out, “
“Oh, jeez, sorry,” Steve said, and his voice sounded very hoarse and rough, low and whispery.  It seemed like an awful effort to make much sound at all.  He started to sit up on instinct, as if there was any possible way to pick it up for Tony—it was just a reflex.  The reflexive movement made him realize that his arm had been firmly immobilized—no wonder it felt like he couldn’t move it all.
this time (he’d almost done it)—that he didn’t see anything until he’d taken his bow and started off the ice after helping pick up a good handful of flowers and stuffed animals. The last thing he’d expected was to see Stark—Tony—leaning on the edge of the rink near where Steve stepped off, obviously watching.  He pushed himself off and came over as soon as Steve was off the ice, even before his coach got to him.
Tony’s hand was around his again, a moment later, that familiar heartbeat filling Steve’s ears.  “I’m here,” he said.  “I’m right here, Winghead.  I’m staying right here.  You can sleep.  It’s all right.  I’ve gotcha.”
And Steve had cried out, “Yes, yes, please, Brock, please, just—please.  Yes.  That’s what I want.”
“Okay, Steve,” Brock said, and Steve wondered if it was all right to call him Brock.  “I give, you take, all right?  I call the shots here, I make the calls, and you do the kneeling and the spreading and the sucking in.  You take it and you thank me for it, whatever I give you.  How’s that sound?”
He skimmed both hands down, ran them over the back of Tony’s neck, down over his shoulders again, laid the heel of his hand against his skin and massaged at the small of Tony’s back, the base of his spine.  Tony sighed, went limp under it, sagging against the pillow.
Steve smiled at him.  “Yeah?” he said.  “Well, I hope I can keep that going.”  He slid his big, warm palm down over Tony’s belly, and Tony felt warm all over.  “You say I’m awful responsive,” he said, and then blushed again, licked his bottom lip and ducked his head down, “and I know that’s true.  But hell, Tony, the way you react when I touch you—”
Steve felt himself go bright red, red into his ears and down his neck.  He knew Tony was just teasing, but he had to look down, bite his bottom lip, because of that damn blush, and what it gave away.  Like how much he really would have liked Tony in his bed.  He wished.  In his dreams.  He swallowed hard.
“How about you?” Steve asked, even as Tony slid his hands into his hair and started to massage at his scalp, scratching his fingers gently along it.  “Ah.  Oh, man, Tony.  That feels good.  You have about a million years to quit doing that.”
“Okay,” Steve told him. He squeezed his hand on the back of Tony’s neck, knowing that it would soothe him, rubbed there gently, then pushed his head back down, to the pillow.  He could feel Tony start to relax as he did it, in his shoulders, the tremors as his muscles started to unwind.  “I hear you, mister.”  He held his hand there, firm, until he saw Tony relax all over, his muscles uncoiling, saw him go limp over the pillow under his chest, his head sag down into it, heard as well as saw his breathing even out, then moved his hand up, stroked it through Tony’s hair, keeping it soft, gentle.  Just how Tony liked it.  Tony loved to have his hair stroked, petted, just like this, Steve knew that, and he tried to give it to him as much as he could, loved watching the way Tony’s eyes fluttered closed and he’d tilt his head, lean into it, soft little breaths of pleasure escaping his lips.  “Are you still okay with a long scene?” Steve asked, reaching up and stroking his other hand over Tony’s wrist, slipping two fingers under the cuff, against his pulse, to check the fit of his cuff and reassure himself with the steady beat of Tony’s heart at the same time.
“Steve?” Bucky’s questioning voice could be heard from behind Steve. They had lost and Thanos had won. Steve turned slowly towards Bucky, fearing the worst and his fears suddenly became his reality. Bucky had what was left of his arm held up, parts of him slowly disintegrating until he collapsed on the floor and disappeared completely. Steve was frozen in disbelief.
“So what? Pete is gonna have to sign those accords, give up his suit, which, is very obviously designed by you. What’s gonna happen to Nat?” Steve questioned angrily.
“Natasha, you will scrub the floors, wash my clothes, clean my boots and cut the lawn. From today you are my property and a strict course of discipline will break your will soon enough.” The strong hands of her new-found “master” held her arm down, printing the words “property of Baron Strucker”. The strong move was unnecessary, as Natasha was already broken, her claiming causing her to stay lying on the bed, her dress torn. She had only been there for a couple of hours, but she had already given up. “You are to dye your hair blonde and wear it in plaits. You are only to wear this uniform unless told otherwise. No more of that slutty clothing. You are to be a good ayrian wife, and your sole purpose is to please me and produce healthy boys. Girls are of no use to anyone.” And with that, he left the room. A single tear ran down Natasha’s face.
“Yeah, an itsy-bitsy spider clued me in, big fella,” Tony said.  “That you’d gone down, and hard, too.  Everything all right on the many-headed snake front?”
Tony looked at him, his eyes still unreadable, as he let Steve help him away from the rink. “Don’t you?” he said.  “Haven’t you heard the story?”
Steve could barely think, barely speak through the sudden want that pounded in his chest, through his head.  “Sir,” he said, and it came out hoarse and rough, a barely there rasp.  “Please.”
“You have such sensitive tits,” Tony murmured, “sometimes I feel like I’m taking the easy way out when I hurt them, but you react to it so beautifully I just can’t help wanting to give them some sugar, some lovin’.  You just—you just give it all up for me.  Just like that.”
“Good boy,” Tony breathed, his voice ragged with his own pleasure.  “Just look at you.  Dripping all over the bed, aren’t you, hon?  You get so wet.  So wet and so red.  Red all over, so damn red, look at that big red cock.  You must be feeling good.  You like the feel of my cock in your mouth, huh?”  Steve nodded at that, whining softly through his nose as he tugged more firmly at his cock, panting breathlessly.  Tony tugged at his hair lightly, stroked his fingers through it again.  “Yeah, you like that so much, don’t you,” he murmured, letting his voice go soft and fond.  “Love sucking my cock.  Bet you’d do that for me any time I asked, huh?  Go down for me under my desk while I’m on a conference call for the company and suck me down.  Let me come down your throat.  It sure would make doing paperwork more interesting, that’s for sure.  Suck me off in the quinjet after a mission.  You ever thought about that?”  He was surprised, though, when Steve flushed dark and gave a hoarse, soft little
Tony’s jump, the startled whimper, low in his throat, the way his toes curled into the covers and the way he ground down, rubbing his cock against the bed, all of it was sweet, gorgeous, wonderful to witness.  Tony gave a sweet, needy little moan and relaxed as Steve settled into a rhythm of trailing the tails across his thighs, then giving him soft slow smacks up and down, up over the place where his thighs met his rear, then back down again. Only when his thighs were as warm and rosy as his rear did Steve stop, rubbing them gently with one hand as he leaned up, kissed each of Tony’s shoulders, ran his fingers up through his tousled, curling hair, tugging gently on the thick curls, and then started the same sort of rhythm with the soft, silky fur across his shoulders.  Tony sighed, at that, jumped a little, but then settled into it, going a little deep rosy-red under his skin, along his neck and what Steve could see of his face, his ears, the tops of his shoulders and the small of his back, as he sighed out.  If Tony was blushing, that probably meant he was enjoying the sensation of the soft fur over his shoulders.
“That’s it,” Tony murmured.  “Good boy.  That’s my good boy.”  Another tug, and Steve gasped out a moan into Tony’s shoulder.  Tony’s other arm came up then, carefully slid up along Steve’s side, where he wasn’t marked up at all, slid up and around over his back, along his spine, to stop just under his shoulder blade, before the prickling ache of the marks he’d left started, and he pulled him in lightly, just enough that the encircling weight of his arm made Steve feel braced, supported, like there was something to put his weight against if he swayed.  It was good to feel steadied, like that.  To feel held, to feel safe.  Like Tony had him, no matter what.  Tony rubbed at his tit, murmured, “My good, good boy,” and Steve was hard pressed not to just melt in his arms entirely.
“Steve,” Steve said, immediately, then felt instantly self-conscious.  That was so—should he have—
Tony looked at him, scowled a little, looked at him again through his eyelashes, then shook his head, smiling unwillingly.  “Are you fishing for compliments, pretty boy?” he asked softly.  “Yeah, you got me.  You know I think you’re the most beautiful thing in the whole damn world.”
Tony smiled, and his thumb rubbed gently down along Steve’s jaw.  “Yes, you are,” he purred, and Steve felt himself flush even deeper, because it was clear that Tony had meant that as a compliment.  He looked down, feeling his face go even darker red, knowing the deepening flush was spreading all over his body.  “Aw, honey, you are,” Tony said, hands falling to Steve’s shoulders, thumbs digging in against tight muscles, warm palms smoothing out knots, hot and prickling over the stinging marks Tony had already left on Steve’s shoulders.  Steve moaned, felt his head tip forward and bob loosely on his neck, dangling between them, felt his mouth go wet and soft and felt embarrassment, self-consciousness, prickle over him again, but couldn’t stop.  “You’re so hot I don’t even know what to do with myself.”
Steve hadn’t even realized, not until Tony had said.  He realized then how hot his cock felt, how sore, throbbing and oversensitive.  Oh, God.  It felt so—so big, heavy and swollen and hot and eager, and he moaned, swallowed hard.
He heard Tony suck in a breath, harsh and unsteady.  “Hey, c’mon, God, what’s wrong, what’s wrong with you,” Tony said, “can you give me any sign here, shit, Stark, he’s out, of course he can’t, don’t be stupider than you need to be, Jesus—” his fingers slid down to Steve’s throat, curling around his neck, leaving his face, and Steve felt his head loll a little, bobbing unsteadily at the loss of that support.  Tony was taking his pulse, he registered dully.
. Steve ended wobbling on his feet, pressed awkwardly into Tony from shoulders to thighs, his weight mostly on the armor, collapsed half into Tony’s chest.  Tony’s hand came down, curved under his rear end, and Steve felt a strange sense of—not quite embarrassment, more like a frisson of awareness, of how much he’d wanted Tony to hold him like this—before, and also a strange, stupid sense of safety.  “Whoopsie daisy, champ, gonna want to put your arms around my neck,” Tony said, and his breath was on Steve’s face, and, stupidly, suddenly, there were foolish tears burning in his eyes.  He shut them, quickly, let his head rest on the shoulder of the armor, and brought his arms up around Tony’s shoulders, just as Tony had instructed.  His chest hurt.
Steve smiled at him, hazy-sweet.  “Sure, Tony,” he said.  “That sounds like a good time.”
Steve remembered that Tony hadn’t had a coach with him, so he shouldered his way through the reporters to wait for him by the side of the rink, like Tony had been waiting for him. They’d all skate together, later, of course, but normally Steve would have spent the intervening time fooling around with Bucky and Natasha backstage.  But it didn’t seem fair to leave Tony alone, especially when all the other skaters performing seemed so intent on isolating him.
Whenever he said Tony instead of Stark it still sent a little thrill through Tony, coiled tight and warm in his chest and belly, made his skin tingle, prickling.  He caught his breath despite himself, realized he had his mouth open, his tongue against his bottom lip.  Steve looked up at him and smiled, and then he leaned up quickly, pressed a kiss against Tony’s mouth.  His lips were soft and dry, his breath hot and wet and panting, and Tony moaned against it, closed his eyes and let himself arch up into it.
“You going numb?” Tony purred in his ear, and Steve nodded shakily.  Tony kissed softly at his ear then, gave the lobe of it a wet, gentle suck, and slid his fingers up to pinch roughly at the muscle of Steve’s tits on both sides, above the nipples, and the sudden sharp sting had Steve moaning, his head lolling back on Tony’s shoulders as his body jerked in sudden response.  “Good boy,” Tony murmured in his ear, and Steve’s whole body felt warm and lax and liquid with pleasure at the praise; he could feel himself going loose, unwinding.
“If that’ll get you out on the field with me, sure,” Steve managed.  He felt lightheaded and his head was still throbbing, but everything felt better with Tony’s hand in his, with Tony bantering with him like this, like always.
“So much better, Tony,” Steve breathed, and let Tony pull him gently in against him, rested his head against his chest, against his heart, breathed in deep of Tony’s welcome, wonderful scent, and let Tony rub his back and stroke his hair.  He felt so safe, so good.  Sure, his ribs hurt, and his leg was throbbing and sore and aching, painful and tender and itching as it healed, but he felt so, so warm, at home, so … protected, secure, like Tony was his shelter, just for him, a shelter from his pain, from stress, from the rest of the world.  Because he was home, he was with him, he was safe.  Tony would take care of him.  He was so grateful.
every time.
And then his fingers were out of him, and there was something cool and—and smooth and
“I’m warning you, mister,” Steve said.  “If you make me laugh too hard—”
Steve felt himself going even hotter and thus probably redder, a little raw where he was still wind-burned even under the lotion, but he let Tony push him over to lie on the sofa, piling pillows underneath his head, then arranging himself over Steve’s body, between his legs.  He tugged the blanket over them both, bracing his elbows in the pillows, and went back to stroking Steve’s hair, massaging his scalp.  Steve sighed, felt his whole body sort of—uncoil, go loose, now that Tony’s weight and warmth were pressing down on him, body against his, the smell of him—clean skin as if Tony had showered not long ago, too, Tony’s aftershave, the one that smelled like fir trees and sandalwood and frankincense, a surprisingly good combination with the smell of the lotion—in his nose, both of them cuddled up together.  Pleasure was still spreading through him, slow and warm, from Tony’s hands against his scalp, in his hair, and Steve sighed.  “On my back, huh?” he murmured, hearing own voice gone all scratchy and low, smiling up at Tony.
Tony smiled again, reached down and curled his hand around his dick, let himself revel in the pleasure of it, warm hand and friction and just a little burn from the dryness of his palm, arch up into it, letting himself go all wanton heat, all desire, his head dropping back and his eyes going heavy lidded.  He licked his lips and let his voice come out hoarse and scratchy, husking over his words.  “You like that?” he asked.  “Like what you see?”
The pleasure crested higher and higher, and Tony wasn’t even sure when he first started to come, when the pleasure crossed over into that of his peak, just that suddenly he was flying so high and so hot that his whole body was tingling with hot, bright pleasure, and he was crying out, lifting his hips into it, everything swallowed up by the pleasure except the knowledge that that was Steve’s mouth around him, Steve was making him feel this good, Steve’s soft hair under his hands, because that made it even better, made the pleasure feel even sweeter.  He knew he was coming when he was halfway through his orgasm, could feel his cock pulsing, pumping out come, as he flew off the peak and hung there in the air, and the pleasure shuddered through him in wave after wave.
“Good to see you, Shellhead,” Steve managed to murmur, and Tony laughed, and took him up in his arms.
“Begging,” Brock had said.  “Just what I like to hear.”  And he had let Steve’s hair go, just to reach down, skimming his fingers along his face, letting his fingertips play over Steve’s lips, press into his wet mouth, between his bitten lips until he was drooling, panting around them, then dropped his hand to his neck and squeezed it, hard, hard enough that Steve found himself flexing the muscles in his neck against his hand despite himself, gasping for breath, before he pulled it away.  “All right, big guy,” he said.  “You’re not Cap anymore with me, do you understand?  You’re mine.  You’re my big needy cocksucker, all right?”
Steve was vividly aware of his own heart pounding in his ears, in his pulse in that hot, almost painful, pulse of desire that was his own cock.  Just watching Tony there like that, panting, dragging in deep lungfuls of air, his rear a bright rosy red, his thighs hot and marked with welts from the strap, his rear also hot and welted and starting to swell, and Tony hard the whole time, every so often sobbing and pressing his hot, lovely rear end back for more of it.  Eventually, Steve laid down one last, hard swat, the hardest yet, at the very lowest point on both Tony’s thighs he was willing to go, another against Tony’s sit spot, right at the sensitive spot his thighs met his rear, then tossed the strap aside, his heart, his desire, pounding hot and heavy in his ears. He picked up the strap, the floggers, and moved them to the nearby chair, laying the white doeskin one carefully on top, then turned back to the bed just as Tony was dazedly, clumsily pushing himself up on his arms and mumbling, “Steve?”  He sounded anxious, a little breathless, not quite certain of where Steve was and if he would come back, and then Steve was there, lying down on the bed beside him, pulling Tony over on top of him, pushing the pillow out of the way and taking Tony’s face in both hands.  Tony’s body was hot, sweaty, damp over his, through his clothes, warm and solid in Steve’s arms.
“I love our date nights” Steve said, nuzzling his head into Tony’s neck.
“No, but I’ve been thinking. What about Natasha?” Tony suggested, smiling at how Steve’s face lit up as he said the name.
“Okay, let’s think. Actually, lets test it!” Natasha said, her eyes gleaming with excitement
At that, alarm bells rang in her head. In a split second decision, she kneed the old man in front of her right where she knew it would hurt, head-butting him as he fell to the ground. She quickly turned her attention to the other two men, hitting them with the legs of the chair she was still tied to, hearing the sound of bones crunching after the impact. This was an easy fight, she thought, as she sat on the foot of one of the henchmen whilst kicking another. Head-butt, kick, punch, stamp, over and over again until the men didn’t try to get back up. Grabbing her shoes and the phone, she walked out, turning it into a light skip which clearly showed her age.
“I haven’t seen him since this morning Pops, sorry.”
“No I don’t want you Uncle Bucky I want Daddy!” Nat started to cry. “Pops, I can take care of Peter. Go look for Daddy and bring him home.”
Just then their peaceful moment together was interrupted.
“Fineeeeee” Peter whined as he turned into his school building. Time to start thinking of excuses!
“If you’re nothing without that suit, you shouldn’t have it at all.” Tony felt no further explanation was necessary. “I’m taking you back to Aunt May’s.”
Okay so Civil War is done, next is homecoming and then... infinity war! As always, Like and Comment if you're enjoying the story.
“Certainly Miss Romanoff.” The sassy AI quipped back, knowing full well that Natasha hated being called Miss Romanoff.
“Let’s have a look then” Tony said, expecting the questions to be simple, well simple for him, the genius and billionaire playboy. “What on earth…” He almost whispered, looking down at the advanced maths which even he didn’t think he could do, let alone do at 12. But sure enough Peter was working his way quickly through the long list of questions, only looking up after he had finished the 5th.
“Tony, stop pacing. We’ll find them” Fury said, directing it towards all of the avengers, not just the billionaire philanthropist.
“FRIDAY, got an ETA on the kids?”
“FRIDAY we told you not to! I can handle this.” Natasha basically screamed at the AI, the panic clear in her voice. “Look, can you remember what they said about the spiders?”
“Thanks you guys for being such great sports today! It was great to talk to you.” The presenter said as she wrapped the interview up. Natasha and Peter had to be somewhere else, doing more press, in particular they were needed on the Ellen Show, and Peter wasn’t going to miss that for the world.
“And here we have our babies.” The scientist laughed at her own joke. “Our genetically engineered animals, each with a combination of the major strengths of each of their subspecies.”
“Fine, but it’ll cost you. One month of cleaning my room.”
Peter was still staying with his Aunt May, though it had been nearly a year and a half since the fight between his parents. Neither he nor Tony had heard anything from the other half of their family since Natasha’s rogue mission to instruct Peter. Over the months, Tony became more and more unreachable. He sunk further and further into his drink, and further and further away from Peter.
Brock had come inside him the first time, and pulled out, and Steve had realized that there was his come dribbling out of him, wet and dripping, down his thigh, before he’d flushed and clenched his hole shut, feeling how wet and loose it felt inside.  It had trickled down past his briefs, down to his knee, and he could feel it tamping down the hair there, against his jeans.  When Brock had slapped his rump and called him
“I … thank you,” Steve managed, catching his breath.
Oh, he meant—he meant with—the floor—Steve’s cock throbbed, a tight clench of humiliation in his gut unspooling into heat that prickled all over his body.  He opened his mouth, a little hesitantly, and started to lick at it.  It tasted like spilled beer and dirt that was gritty all over his tongue, and it was horribly unsanitary, wasn’t it, but he was a super soldier, wasn’t he?  And Brock knew that.  It wasn’t like he was going to get anything.  It wasn’t like he even could.  Steve opened his mouth wide, dragged the side of it along the floor, rubbed his tongue against a sticky spot.
The first hit made Tony cry out, stiffen and raise his head, then slump down again the blankets and the pillow at the second.  He was panting, his head down so his hair was falling forward into his eyes, muscles tightening and his strong arms working as he cried out.  Steve started slow, deliberate, first one side, then the other, over Tony’s lush backside, then down over his thighs, then up over his backside again.  Tony panted, whimpered, breath going harsh in his throat until it sounded almost like sobs, but he didn’t move, didn’t even try to press his legs together, just lay there for it, sometimes even still rocking his rear back into it, even as his breath hitched and sobbed on every indrawn gulp of it.  His rear got rapidly, deeply red, dark and rosy; his thighs took a little longer, and Tony’s fingers scrabbled and twisted at the blankets and his chest heaved and his breath sobbed in his throat, and finally he went limp and relaxed and moaned with every hard swat at his thighs, at his rear.
, that slick hard surface, cool against his hot insides but quickly growing warm from him, the pressure, the force of it, the way it skated along inside him—
And after a moment, Tony said, breathlessly, “Okay,” sounding a little surprised.
“God, you needy slut,” Brock said, and Steve went hot all over, felt his ears flaming, his breath coming unsteadily, but couldn’t help how he ground back on his fingers, “you absolute whore for it; who knew Captain America would be such a needy piece of ass, Jesus.”  And he slapped Steve’s rear end, once, hard, but not enough that it did more than sting, not with Steve being who he was, and pulled his slick fingers away, out of him.  Steve couldn’t keep back the mournful sound he made.
Tony had had a feeling that might be what Steve was trying to lead up to, but it still hit him hard, sending warmth to coil in his stomach and leap in his cock at the same time something seemed to catch in his chest, in his throat.  He swallowed, found himself moistening his bottom lip.  Steve had only gone down on him once before, and he hadn’t thought Steve had enjoyed the experience much, or at least, he’d ended up with his face covered in spunk and coughing and bright, miserably red, even though Tony had enjoyed the act itself from Steve very much.  Steve’s humiliated reaction less so.  “You know we don’t have to,” he said.  “There’s a myriad of options open to us, all of which I’ll enjoy very much, I assure you.”  He scooted down against the pillows a bit, opened his body language up consciously, let his ankles rest against Steve’s calves, running one teasingly up along it.  Naked under Steve’s still-clothed (in a t-shirt and exercise pants, at least) bulk, he knew he looked vulnerable despite his own strength and height, especially as he raised his arms, running them up over Steve’s biceps, along his shoulders.  “You can do whatever you’d like to me,” he murmured.
Steve shrugged.  “Maybe you don’t get out enough,” he said.
.  “Tony,” he groaned.
“Okay,” Steve said, and gave Tony one last, long caress over his warm shoulders, down over his back, before he set the flogger aside and reached for another one.
Steve was jogging in place, trying to warm up, when the other skater came in on the other side of the warm-up room and set down his bags.  The first thing Steve noticed was the TV camera following him.  The second was that he was alone otherwise—no coaches, no family.  The third was the hush that immediately started to spread over the rest of the skaters warming up.
“Yeah sure…” Steve sighed, glancing back at Natasha, who was looking out of the window with an unreadable look. She knew something was wrong.
“You have the right to remain silent!” Peter yelled. God that sounded stupid! What was he on about?
“So. Stupid, ugly and gay. Bet your parents are soooooo pleased” the sarcasm dripping from his voice. “You really a Rodgers-Stark kid, cus I ain’t buying it. I mean, have you seen Natasha? She is hot. I’d bang her” That last sentence was met with a round of woops and cheers, which made both Steve and Peter’s blood boil. “Look at Natasha, and then look at you. Were you a charity case or something?”
“Is everyone okay?” Peter asked, guilt dripping from his words.
Thanks for reading! The next chapter should be coming out either tomorrow or the day after, but schoolwork is swamping me, so if I don't get a chance to write the next chapter soon I am really sorry! If i leave it more and 4 days then I'll write 2 or 3 in one go! As always Like and Comment if you are enjoying this story! It means a lot!
“Just, let me sort it. And don’t tell Dad. He’ll probably just go and kill Flash or something” Peter sensed a theme there…
“Then what should I do? I don’t know how to help you Pete!” Steve replied, the frustration showing.
“So you’re not dead. It’s been half an hour. Maybe… no.” Natasha started#
Okay so I know I've focused a lot of Natasha recently so I promise the next 2 or 3 chapters are either going to be about Steve and Tony or Peter as I feel I need to develop those characters a bit more! As always Like and Comment if you are enjoying this story!
“I’ll go Pops, don’t worry.”
Peter’s rambling was cut off by Tony. “Pete. What’s going on?” When Peter didn’t immediately reply, Steve opened the door to Natasha room, only to be greeted with the sight of Natasha and Bruce, standing by her open window, kissing. The room fell silent as both Natasha and Bruce realised they had company, and they quickly pulled away from each other, Natasha wiping her mouth.
Peter, however, was being treated extremely differently to his sister. Strapped down to a lab table, needles and wires protruding from his skin. He had fought the doctors initially, but the suppressants had entered his body and he was too weak to resist in the end.
“I…had…to” Tony stuttered as he continued to get beaten by Cap’s fists. “You wouldn’t listen.”
“Natasha.” Steve almost growled. “Come on. Let’s go.”  When he received neither an answer nor movement from the 17 year old, he added “You chose your side. Pay the price.”
“Look at his gorgeous eyes!” Tony cooed over the baby boy before him, playing with his chubby hands.
“I know, honey,” Tony said, and the way his eyes creased, crinkled up, spoke of emotion, like the way he swallowed, hard, smiled crooked and a little tremulous.  Steve shook his head, curled his hand at the back of Tony’s neck, and pulled him down into a kiss.
“If you’re sure,” Steve said, firmly, but he was already reaching for the next flogger he’d laid out. He’d planned this in advance, how he wanted to progress, and so far it seemed to be working on Tony exactly how he’d wanted it, so that was a good sign.  Maybe he was getting better at knowing exactly how much his guy could take, and how.
Tony hadn’t been so turned on in a long time.  He looked so … tousled and hot and breathless and just … messy, with his smeared lipstick and disheveled lingerie and Steve was all over him and his cock was throbbing and hard in his panties and garter belt, under Steve’s hand, and Steve was still squeezing at him, and he couldn’t help rolling his hips up into him and he felt so—so used, so helpless and
“If it was,” Steve said, feeling himself melting into the couch as he relaxed, “I’m all yours, Shellhead.  All yours.”
“Good,” Steve said again, hefting Tony’s caged cock gently, as if feeling the heavy weight against his palm, and Tony felt himself go warm, a tingling twinge of warm humiliation twisting hot and tight in his stomach at the thought that it was probably much heavier, much more present, than Steve was used to feeling with his cock most of the time.  (He wondered if Steve would like it if Tony fucked him with it on.  Maybe he’d ask, later in the week, since they’d agreed on a week with Tony in chastity, this time, and this was only the first day.) “Let me know if it’s not, even for a few seconds, okay?” Steve murmured, rubbing gently at the metal over the base of Tony’s cock.
“How open do you think you still are from cleaning yourself out?” Steve murmured.
He knew he didn’t need a hand on his cock to come, but he didn’t even really think about it, think that thought; it was just an awareness he had, all through him without conscious thought.  But at the same time he never wanted this to end; he wanted Tony to just—just use him, fuck him until he came inside of him, heedless of Steve’s own peak, and Steve could feel his come dripping out of him, out of the hole Tony had used for his pleasure, and he shivered and gasped just at the thought, his hands clenching into fists against the bed, against the covers.
good, Steve temporarily lost track of everything in a burst of blinding, white-hot pleasure, only realized he’d been jerked his hips, pushing himself back on those strong fingers, moments later.  Oh, God, he could feel the rough texture of Brock’s fingerless gloves, inside him, the added thickness they gave.  Oh,
“That’s it, sweetheart,” Tony murmured.  He pushed the tablet on his lap over a little, stroking Steve’s hair again. “Just relax.”
Tony did it again on the other side, and Steve almost sobbed as Tony twisted and tugged his nipple, then the clamp bit in tight, unforgiving steel balls biting, pushing deep.  There was a chain linking them, draping across Steve’s heaving chest like a, a kind of jewelry, silvery cool against his skin at the same time the chill almost felt like heat against his hot, oversensitized pecs.  Tony tangled his fingers in it and tugged, gently, and pleasure shot through Steve, pleasure or pain or both, hot and fiery, and when he came back to himself he realized he’d bent inward, curled his knees up, and was panting.  His shoulders prickled and stung against the bed, his buttocks felt raw and sore.
Eventually, he stopped rubbing at himself, feeling too overcome by the way Steve was stroking him inside, gently working him open, painting his inner walls with copious lube until he was shaking, just bracing himself against Steve’s chest and rocking his hips in soft, begging hitches up and down, helplessly, and panting.  It felt so overwhelming like this, with his cock locked up, so much more intense, and all he could do was spread his legs and let Steve’s fingers work slickly in and out of him, rubbing him soft and open.
He couldn’t resist a little red, though, in the ruby-red shade of his lipstick, the soft warm rose of the blush over his cheekbones, and he’d circled the buds of his nipples in it, too, so they showed rouged and dusky red through the delicate fall of soft white lace.  Even he thought it looked—striking, with his strong square shoulders, his distinct, carefully shaped mustache and van dyke.  He’d shaved or waxed everywhere else but his face—his chest, his private parts except for his neatly manicured pubic hair, even his legs, freshly waxed and smooth so that the silk of the stockings felt cool and shiveringly smooth over the sensitive, tingling skin.  He’d chosen the stockings carefully, too, white silk with a back seam and a delicate decorative band at the top, diamond pattered lace with a wide band of floral worked patterns above it.  He was standing there in his stocking feet, because it made Steve just that little bit taller than him, and he’d wanted that, felt like it fit.
Steve’s mouth looked wet, wet and pink already, shiny with saliva.  He smiled, a sweet little quirk of one side of his mouth that made Tony’s belly clench, his chest feel tight, and then he was leaning in again, opening his mouth and licking gently at the tip of Tony’s cock.  His tongue was big and wet and warm and almost as dexterous, as controlled, as the rest of him, and the feel of it as he laved it over the tip of Tony’s cock, ran it down first one side, then the other, had Tony whining in his throat.  He could feel sweat rising on his forehead, his neck, under his arms.  He squirmed under Steve, trying not to thrust rudely up into his mouth.
Tony exhaled heavily, against Steve’s back, the back of Steve’s neck, and then pressed more kisses there, along the slope of his shoulders, and Steve sighed, happily, and closed his eyes against his arms.  He felt so good, so . . . relaxed, so spun out and so soft, so easy, and Tony was lying there and kissing his back, his shoulders, the back of his neck, warm against his body, in his body, and everything felt perfect.  It was a perfect moment, and Steve was just floating in it, and it felt so good.  So, so good.  Neither of them got many of those.  Even the prickling of his sore, raw, sensitized skin, the welts on his backside and shoulders that stung pleasantly, tenderly, under the soft touch of Tony’s careful mouth, the softest brush of his beard and his moustache, the vulnerable way his legs were splayed to let Tony lie between them, the throbbing, tender ache of his cock and the constant achy throb of his chest—all of that only made it even more perfect, kept Steve in that soft sweet space where everything felt good, absolutely everything, and Tony’s warmth, his touch, his kisses, they felt even better.  Steve found himself sighing a little, rubbing himself against the bed despite the slick, sticky cling of the wet covers, just to feel more of everything, the pleasurable twinges of his cock, the pain and tenderness in his pectorals and nipples, the way it stung, just every sensation, the warmth lingering in his skin from the oil, the way the covers felt on his skin, every movement pulling him firmly into his body, keeping him there.
Something twisted up tight and uncertain in Steve’s chest, in his belly.  “Yeah?” he said, and it came out quieter than he’d meant it to.  “You mean that?”
, until Steve was gasping, shaking against him, groaning and gasping with every tug and jerk and squeeze and pinch.  He dug his fingers into the areolas, into the muscle of Steve’s pecs, and squeezed, pinching until Steve
“No?  Finding the A.I.M. base in the first place?  Taking out what, a third of their ground troops?  Figuring out what the experiment they were running even was?”
“So you can show me,” Steve said, then, sounding determined.  “Show me what to do to make it good.  Or—or tell me.  Tell me what to do.”
“Someone’s gotta keep an eye on you,” Tony said softly.
But Steve also knew that waiting too long would just give Tony time to get more and more anxious, worked up, waiting for the first swat, the first blow, so after Tony muttered, “I hear you,” his shoulders hunching up, Steve just rubbed one hand over his shoulders again, massaging into them, pressing them down toward the bed, and moved back to stand near where Tony’s buttocks rested at the center of the bed, reached out and laid one hand on the lush curve.  Tony gasped, drew in a long, shaking breath, but he didn’t exactly flinch, so Steve just rubbed gently at the curve, the firm, tight muscle there, for a moment.
He hadn’t been thinking about suicide bombing, because why would A.I.M. want to waste the results of their experiment?  He hadn’t been considering that they’d considered it a
“Uh,” Steve said.
Steve just moaned, trembling like he was shivering, his cock trembling, too, against Tony’s bottom lip, as Steve leaned forward to let it rest there, rubbing back and forth against Tony’s shiny wet mouth, rocking up and back on his feet, and his hand came down, clenching lightly but desperately in Tony’s extra-curly, fluffed up hair as he rubbed his hot cockhead up against Tony’s tongue, against his mouth.  Tony moaned to encourage him, then got both hands around the base of Steve’s cock and started to suck, bobbing his head up and down as he opened his mouth wide to fit Steve’s cock in, letting his lipstick smear over Steve’s hot, trembling skin.  Blowing Steve was never neat, always kind of a sloppy affair, and Tony had planned for that, taken into consideration how wide he had to open his mouth, smear his lips up and down Steve’s cock, open his jaw so wide he was drooling uncontrollably just to get Steve into the back of his mouth.
“You were waiting for me,” Steve pointed out.  “I … uh. People seemed to be …” he wasn’t sure how to phrase it politely.  Diplomacy wasn’t his strong suit.  But he didn’t want to be harsh.
“His parents had just died in that wreck,” he murmured to Natasha.  “And everyone just jumped on him.”
.  That wasn’t what he’d meant to apologize for.  Why couldn’t Tony understand what he’d meant?  He took a breath to try again, but then Tony was shifting.  He lifted Steve’s leg, one hand under his boot, the other against his knee, slid it up onto the thigh of the armor, and oh, now that hurt, now that hurt a lot.  Steve shut his eyes and tried to breathe out evenly.  He didn’t want to—to cry out, or seem like he was—was weak or angling for Tony’s sympathy, or his pity.  “So, this is broken, champ,” Tony said.  “And I mean, you probably know it’s—it’s pretty damn torn up, yeah?”
word.  Steve didn’t know if Tony would apply it to him.  Especially not now.
“Okay,” Tony said, breathless and low, his hips still twitching a little, but otherwise lying there soft and obedient, arms still bound above his head, the fingers of one curling against the wrist, the cuff, of the other.
Tony made a happy, contented sort of humming noise, and let Steve pull his head down to his shoulder, slide his arm around his waist.  Steve stroked his hair, pulled up the blanket to get a good look at one of Tony’s thighs, his round red buttock, running his hand gently over it, making Tony pant and writhe and grin up at him, teased his hand up under the blanket over Tony’s shoulders, caressing them, making Tony gasp, teasing him even as Steve smiled down at him, called him beautiful, again and again and again, praised him for how well he did until Tony was pressing his face into his shoulder again, smiling as Steve teased at his hot, sensitive skin and kissed his forehead and called him beautiful because he was, he always was.
“Well, if that’s true,” Steve said, his mouth a line of determination, “I want to blow you.  But you’ve gotta tell me how to do it right, how to please you, Stark.  All right?  That a deal?”
“You bet there was,” Tony said in a low voice.  “Don’t worry, babe, still as pretty as ever.” He reached up with his other hand, gently squeezed Steve’s chin and jaw in his hand, gently enough it barely hurt, and let it drop.  “Just looks like a sunburn.  I’ve seen you get worse on the beach.  You’re a lucky bastard as always.  Hair didn’t even get singed.”
It was just … it was embarrassing.  Steve wasn’t much of an artist on the ice; he knew it, everyone knew it.  He maybe had a habit of throwing in quad jumps to cover it up when he blanked on his choreo (at least the jumps he knew he could do), and lord, had Fury read him the riot act for that the last time he did an exhibition.  So he needed to focus.
“Mmm,” Steve moaned, and then his hand was under Tony’s ass again, angling him up as he sucked at the head and then pushed himself down over his shaft again.  The sounds Tony was making sounded desperate and pathetic, whiny even in his own ears, messy and wet, his mouth damp with saliva now, too, sluttish and lewd and needy.  Steve squeezed at his ass cheek and damn if that didn’t go straight to his cock on top of all the rest, even as Steve sucked harder.  Tony hoped he realized how good this was, what Steve was doing to him, how good he was making him feel.  His head was spinning and he was clutching at Steve’s hair, his shoulder, all over again.  He needed it to steady himself, and Steve was—Steve was so steady and strong and warm, even as he rubbed at Tony’s ass, warm and soothing even as Steve’s mouth brought him higher and higher with pleasure.  He was—he was supposed to be the one leading Steve through this, though, he thought with scattered wisps of thought, and gritted his jaw, reaching for the shreds of control that was all he could manage.  But he didn’t want Steve to feel—set adrift, or anything like that.  He wanted him to feel like he was doing exactly the right thing, to please Tony, to make him feel good, to make him happy.  To make them both feel good.
“Huh?” Steve managed.  He blinked up at Tony, who just smiled again and tapped his chest, right over Steve’s shield on his shirt.
, of being
Steve just squeezed the back of his neck, tugged on, stroked his hair, pulled on it gently, twining it around his fingers, rubbed over his shoulders, kissing his cheeks.  “Shh,” he said, “shh, sweetheart, you’re all right. Just breathe deep, deep breaths, okay? That’s it.  You’re good, you’re fine.  Just settle into it.  The way the cage is holding your cock, keeping it all nice and tight, that’s it. Just let it happen.”
“I know,” Tony murmured.  “I know you are.”
, hon.  And these big, pillowy, whipped cream tits, strawberry pink, until they turn, well, strawberry red.”  Steve bit his lip, flushing hot.  “And we’ve already had a few loads of buttercream.”  Tony waggled his eyebrows at him, and Steve was so hot by this point he felt like he might faint, might get heatstroke, or—or something.  “But I know how much you like to lick off the frosting first.  I think you’ve got plenty where that came from.”  His fingers slid down, teased at the head of Steve’s cock, just a little, and Steve gasped, bowed forward, almost sobbed, as Tony’s callused fingertips pulled and tugged at his cockhead, so sensitive it almost hurt as pleasure, sensation, raw and immediate and hot and overwhelming, swept through him.  “This is just as red as your hot little nipples,” Tony said.  “Maybe this is your cherry.”
Steve couldn’t help but smile at that.  He always felt warm and tender inside, whenever Tony called him one of those sweet little nicknames he liked so much.  He ran his hand up to the back of Tony’s neck, squeezed gently, and felt him go entirely limp, soft and easy and pliant under his hand.  “I’m good to go on?” he asked.  “How’s that feeling?”
Steve really liked to take it slow.
“Shh, that’s it,” Steve said, softly, holding him tight, his other hand sliding up again to rub at Tony’s belly, play gently with his skirt, then tuck it in against itself and go back up to stroking his skin. “There you go; I’m deep inside you now.”
“It was?” Steve said, and he sounded a little hesitant now.  “I was a little afraid I was too much.  With the, you know, my mouth on your pretty little hole, and all.  I know you don’t—it makes you kind of uncomfortable—”
“Hell, Tony, you know I do,” Steve said, going even redder.  He licked his bottom lip, swallowed hard.  “You’re—you’re a real looker, Stark, and that’s the truth.”
Tony’s hands came down, sudsy with shampoo, and tilted his face up gently, framing it as Steve looked up at him.  His thumb brushed suds over Steve’s cheek as it caressed him in a gentle circle, and he tasted it as he swiped it across Steve’s bottom lip.  Tony smiled down at him, and everything in Steve felt right.
So he told Steve as much.  He let his mouth ramble, brain barely engaged, something he’d always had a talent for, and honestly, in his opinion, telling Steve how gorgeous and how perfect he was was probably the best use he’d ever put it to.  He let one hand slide down to Steve’s shoulder, bracing himself against his broad, impossibly sturdy strength, and said, “Oh, God,
He cut off on a gasp as Steve brought his hand down, hard, on the curve of his rear, then groaned, arched his back, pushed his rear back up into his hand, until Steve squeezed him gently, rubbed against the red mark he’d left, hearing Tony’s breath go uneven in his throat, then swatted him again, hard, so hard it rocked Tony’s body forward into the bed, and he heard him give a low oof of a sigh, long and rough.
“Hey Steve, remember at Pete’s christening when he didn’t like having the water put on his head so he bit the priest?”
“Peter.  Is that you under there?”
After dragging her brother out of bed and shoving some breakfast down him, Natasha waited excitedly by the door as Happy stepped out and helped them into the car, which had been suitably downgraded in order to fit in with the alibi which had been provided. Revealing the kid’s identities was too dangerous, and it made them a target, so Steve and Tony had agreed to keep their existence hidden except to those who were closest to them and they could trust. As the car pulled out of the garage, Steve’s heart was racing. Each moment they spent outside of the condo was a step closer to them being discovered. But he had to let them go.
“Pops please… I can explain”
“Hello everyone! Now I have the pleasure of interviewing Natasha and Peter Rodger’s stark, the children of Captain America and Iron Man! So I guess the most obvious question is – what’s it like having two superheroes as your parents?”
“Is-is your dad here?” Tony asked quietly, almost hoping she didn’t hear it. He didn’t want to know the answer.
“Yes Rodgers, we gathered that” Fury replied back.
Her world went dark, and when she awoke, she was in a brightly lit hospital bed. Time had clearly passed, and her dads were asleep on each other at the end of her bed, deep circles under their eyes. Peter was there too, cuddled up in their lap, so surprisingly small compared to her Dads. She lay back, perfectly happy, everything was peaceful, but not for long.
The public fall in love with Peter and Natasha
Natasha nodded her head, not entirely understanding. It was only until the iron man suit disappeared through the portal and there was a huge explosion did the thought finally click into place in her head. She buried her face tightly into her dad’s arms, looking away. She couldn’t watch him die. But then she saw him fall anyway, falling from the portal, none of his thrusters on, just free-falling, and not stopping. She ran towards the falling man, despite being pulled back by Steve, tears obscuring her vision. She closed her eyes just as the Hulk jumped and saved Tony, pulling out her phone to call Happy.
“You will not address any member of HYDRA without being directly addressed first. Women are weak, and below all men. You will fulfil your duties and service whomever desires.”
“You know for someone avoiding stress you picked a hell of a place to settle” Nat smirked at the 13 year old boy. God he was cute. Was she blushing?
“Nothing, just a little film! You know, my first time in the Avengers!”
The room laughed, but no one could have for told the adventured in store for Bruce away from this planet, and away from Natasha.
“You got heart kid. Where you from?”
I've got a load of plot points coming so don't worry! As always, like and comment if you enjoyed it - it really means a lot to me when you do!
“FRIDAY! FRIDAY!” He yelled, but received no response.
“Thor, Maria, Fury anyone STEVE Natasha is down there with HULK! He is gonna hurt her someone help!” Natasha could hear Tony plead with anyone listening, but she knew that no one would be able to get to her quickly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We all are!” Wanda said excitedly. “Your parent’s have already left but FRIDAY has put some food on for you and Natasha is still here, although I don’t know if you will be able to get past the eyerolls.” Wanda shouted as they left the compound.
Several hundred of news articles appeared, with photos of them both with bags over their heads, photos of them in the back of a van, the list goes on. Each headline contained the same 9 letter word. “Kidnapped”
When they got back to the compound, Peter ran straight to the miniature workshop Tony had built for him and Nat, and was Peter’s favourite place because he got to spend one on one time with his dad in there. Natasha was good with technology, but her real talent lay in words. She could read faces and recite facts and figures with ease, which made Steve both proud and nervous. Fury had seen her potential, and Steve wasn’t entirely happy at his 7 year old being trained like a spy, but Tony had had the final say.
“why…”
“I can do it!” Peter pleaded, but was interrupted by the sound of FRIDAY welcoming back Steve. “You can’t say anything to Pops. I don’t want him knowing just yet. Just let me porve myself to you – I’ll join Nat on one of her missions and…”
“Just say it.”
Tony lowered himself onto his knees until his arms were at shoulder height with Natasha. “Look Nat, your new baby brother!”
“And, and then he just picked me up like a monster and he swooped down and he took me up like a thousand feet and then he just dropped me… How did you find me? Did you put a tracker in my suit?” Peter cringed at that last question. Of course he did – half his family is MIA and the only one left in his life is Peter. Of course he would want to know where he was at all times.
“You could have told us!” Steve replied, his voice softening, as he bent down to eye level with Peter. “We could have done something about it…” He pleaded.
Natasha decided it was best to comply in this situation, noticing the gun pointing at Peter’s head. “Anything you want to do to him, do to me instead.” She begged, trying her best to protect him.
“Tony, can we talk for a minute?” Steve asked gently at his husband, who was staring at Natasha with such adoration and love Steve almost felt bad that he had to steal his attention, but this was important.
Tony sprang into action. No. This couldn’t be happening. He couldn’t lose Peter too. No. He couldn’t comprehend a life without all three of his family.
May was the closest thing Peter had to a mother. She was his surrogate, and had been a massive part of his life. All Peter wanted was one of her famous hugs right now, as he knew he wouldn’t be getting that from his father.
“Capiscle please just listen. It’s the only way.” Tony replied, trying to reason with his husband. “If you don’t sign, you’ll be a criminal. You wouldn’t be able to stay here, and we need you here.”
“I just wanted to be like you!” Peter said truthfully. Since he was a small boy and his father announced that he was Iron Man, he had always looked up to his Dad. One of his main reasons for becoming Spiderman and fighting crime was to impress his dad and make him proud.
“Pops, what. No, I’m not leaving, no stop, Peter! Dad!” Natasha’s cries and the sound of her feet dragging slowly began to fade away as Steve and Bucky left the bunker, leaving only Peter and Tony.
Okay soo this was a bit late but it's here now! Infinity war is next but it will be a while due to me wanting to rewatch the film before I write it but it's coming and you'd better get ready for it! As always Like and Comment if you enjoyed the chapter
“Woah that’s awesome…” Peter almost whispered, as one of the Oscorp scientists showed him round the machines in the room. Of course Peter had already seen most of this machinery and had worked on it with his dad, but it was still cool being explained through the processes and seeing a new perspective on the work.
“Pepper but”
Peter: Oh yeah, right. My Dads know a couple of people.
“Stark, Cap, we have a location”
“Yeah, um, Dad said I should come live here with Aunt May in case Pops came back for me.”
“I think it’s pretty cool, and it’s handy as well. If someone is bothering you, you can get Iron man to come and scare them! Natasha finds them really annoying though.” Peter said, a wide smile on his face.
“Anyway you didn’t have to come all the way out here Mr Stark, I had that I was fine.” Tony winced at the formal address. It had started after one particularly heated argument, where Peter had told Tony that he would rather stay at Aunt May’s, which resulted in a very drunken Tony ending up on the doorstep of May’s apartment demanding to see Peter, and when Peter did finally open the door, all he was met with was more shouting, and a bottle thrown at him, which luckily missed. He didn’t blame his dad though, he missed Natasha and Steve like crazy, as did Peter.
Steve and Tony both looked at the boy Natasha had brought with her, with such protectiveness Bruce backed down, clearly intimated by the pure strength of their love for her.
“That is no ordinary two year old.” Came Wanda’s reply, laughing slightly.
“Peter its okay. I’m here. Don’t worry.” Natasha soothing voice could be heard through the bag over their heads. “It will be okay. I don’t know where they are taking us but I swear to lord if they hurt you I will single handedly beat the shit out of…” She got cut off by the van leaving, the force pulling both of the kids towards the front of the van, smacking them against the wall.
They were all reunited again, and none of them could be happier.
Steve chuckled and turned back towards T’Challa. “I’m so glad they get along well. Now you were saying about Tony…”
“Oh My Days I remember! I was so mortified I thought I would die of embarrassment and then you would have had a funeral and a christening on your hands!” Steve came running over, sat next to Tony and began to rummage through the photos with his husband.
“How long has that been going on Peter? Don’t lie to me.” The worry clear in his voice and eyes. He looked down at his world, and the pain on Peter’s face broke his heart.
“Yeah – yeah Pops is fine.” Natasha sighed into Tony, not once letting her arms drop from the hug.
“Hey look Penis Parker it’s you!” a voice came from behind him, followed by a hand pointing at the most ugly creature in the room. Peter wasn’t entirely sure what the creature was, but it was repulsive. Flash swaggered up behind him, slapping his outstretched hand onto Peter’s shoulder. “No wait, it’s not stupid enough.”
“Actually FRIDAY can you set the invitations back an hour or so?” Tony said, his intentions clear. However, when he once again didn’t receive a response, he pushed Steve off him and went straight to his workshop, leaving a very disappointed Steve stood in the hallway.
“I’m okay kid. I’ll be okay.” Tony replied, ignoring the tears welling in the corner of his eyes every time he thought of Steve.
Tony shot her a sceptical look, and glanced up at the ceiling.
“Happy bring Peter back to the Stark tower. It’s safe and the aliens are gone but I think Daddy has just…” her words trailing off at the end. How is she so calm? She knew it was impossible that her dad had just died, just left her there in the world. She couldn’t hear any crying. Turing around, she saw Tony sitting on the ground in his battered suit, looking bruised but very much alive.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tell me what it is and I’ll consider” Pete said, a smile crossing his face. The ball was in his court now, and he could set the price as high as he wanted.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony, any idea where the kids are?”
“Heya Budd! What you up to?” Tony practically yelled over the loud sound of 70’s music blaring out from Natasha’s speakers.
“This doesn’t make you an Avenger kid.” Tony said, as he blasted into the sky. However, his ascent was cut short by Scott Lang, who, usually miniscle, had transformed into a giant.
WOOP so a chapter that I actually like!  This was my chance to focus on Peter and I'm so glad I did I love writing about him! Even though it took a lot longer than I meant to I finally finished this chapter! I've got a really busy weekend ahead so won't be able to upload but will try and compensate on Monday.
Sighing, Tony kissed Peter’s hair, lingering just a moment too long to soak up the fresh scent.
“Sorry doesn’t cut it.”
“Did you know?” Tony muttered under his breath, the question clearly aimed at Captain America.
Peter once again entered into the explanation of how he got his powers, one which he had had to do an awful lot recently. Steve just stood there, his eyes and mouth wide open.
Peter and Natasha figure out Peter's new found abilities, but Steve and Tony come home early.
“Oh, I’m not actually here kid. Thank God this place has wifi or you would be toast.” Tony couldn’t tell Peter where he was. He couldn’t tell Peter where he had been. He had travelled all over the world, searching for his missing family, but he couldn’t tell Peter. He didn’t want to give him false hope. “Just forget about the flying vulture guy PLEASE”
“Yes,” Tony said.  “I saved some just for you.  On pain of death.  I—here.”  He struggled up, out of the blanket, almost fell off the couch on his face, before Steve caught his arm, and then sat up.  “Hey, I’ve got it,” he said.  Steve held up his hands in playful surrender, backed away.  Tony stood up, lurched over to the coffee table, and then held up a plate piled high with four or five kinds of Christmas cookies.  “Tada!” he said.  “Sugar cookies for my sugar cookie.”  He winked.  “And, uh, some other kinds, too.”
“That’s it,” Tony murmured.  “Good boy, that’s a good boy.  Yeah, you like that, huh?  You’ve been so desperate for attention to that big needy cock.  Am I right?  You’d take anything, big boy, wouldn’t you?”
“Honey,” Tony said, and his voice was husky and thick.  He held Steve’s face for a moment, stroked the side of it, ran his thumb over Steve’s nose, along his wet lips, then tilted his mouth closed and pressed a gentle little kiss to it, one that made Steve’s breath catch in his throat and his stomach go liquid and soft and hot, before he reached up for something Steve didn’t bother turning to look and see.  Tony had said—Tony had said weights.  Steve lay there, trying to catch his breath, moaning a little despite himself, biting his bottom lip, sucking on it, until Tony came back, and oh, he
“Well, all right, sweetheart,” Steve said, and his hand pressed flat, so warm and broad, on Tony’s stomach, as his other slid gripped Tony’s thigh, around his hip, even more firmly, and then he was shifting his hips, rolling his them with a kind of liquid movement that shifted Steve’s cock in and out of Tony in little rolling thrusts instead of any kind of dramatic in and out movement.  Tony whined, felt his head thunk back against Steve’s shoulder, because that kept him so
Tony’s eyes sparkled wickedly.  “Cupcake,” he said.  A hand skimmed down Steve’s chest, and he moaned, because it was moving away from his nipple, then flushed even hotter.  His fingers curled through the hair leading down to Steve’s cock, in the damp curls just above it, and he made a strangled noise, jerked up, feeling the need ratchet up in him another level.  “Yellow cake, of course,” Tony said, fondly, scratching gently through those curls.  “Look at these blond curls.”  He tugged lightly, then walked his fingers back up, scraping at Steve’s ribs until he was gasping, curling down over Tony’s hand as the other kept tugging at his nipple, circling the sensitive peak with his thumbnail.  “Obviously with strawberries baked inside, too,” he added, sliding teasing fingers under the heaving curve of Steve’s other pectoral, “you’re so
“Don’t push it, Rogers,” Tony said.  “Your—your kisses are better.  Okay?  But only by . . . twenty percentage points.”
, and it felt so good, he just let it settle inside him, warm him up from the inside out, tighten and throb in his chest until it felt tender with the sweet warm wonderful ache those words made him feel, all soft and loose and warm and liquid in his belly.  Steve was stroking his hair, gently, hand sliding, tugging through the thick, curling strands, dragging heavy and firm over the curve of Tony’s skull, and Tony breathed out a long, deep breath, relaxed into the pleasure.  It felt so good, Steve just rubbing and stroking the back of his neck, through his hair.   “You’re so good,” Steve said, again, and Tony felt himself go hot, the heat sinking in deep over his ears, the back of his neck, shivered and pressed in tighter against him.  “You’re so perfect,” Steve said, “just look at you, you’re so sweet for me, God, you love this.”
“Hey,” Steve said, and smiled up at him, breathlessly.  Tony smiled back, couldn’t help it, feeling hot and floaty, breathless himself. Steve slid a hand up Tony’s sweaty back, stroked gently, coaxed him forward, and then Tony was pressing into him, his caged cock hard and pressing into Steve’s firm stomach between them. “Shh,” Steve said, let Tony gasp out a breath, let his head slump down onto his shoulder, his shoulders rounding in order to do it, and Tony had a brief thought that that was absolutely horrible posture, but Steve was kissing his hair and he didn’t care.  “Let me take over, sweetheart, you relax.”
“Hey,” Steve said, firmly, and tilted Tony’s chin up.  “Any time,” he said, soft and sincere.  “Any time.”
Tony shivered under him; Steve could feel it, through the hand he had pressed to Tony’s chest, against his body.
“So, doc, am I going to live?” Steve joked.  Tony glared at him.
“I,” Steve said, and Tony could feel, watch him, swallow.  His voice was breathy, thick and husky with sex and need.  “I. Sure, Tony, whatever you want.”
Steve moaned even louder, and then his cheeks flushed and he pressed his mouth down over Tony’s cock with determination, as if to hide from whatever self-consciousness those words had brought on he was going to suck Tony’s cock even better, take him even deeper.
His breath was wet, damp, his voice thick and scratchy, his face flushed, smeared with tears and spit and creased from pressing into the pillow, tangled wet curls soaked with sweat straggling limply into his eyes, over his forehead.  His lips were swollen from biting, slick with spit and very wet, and his facial hair looked ruffled, wet from his spit, very dramatic against his wet, red, dripping lips.
“Yeah, hurts,” Steve managed to gasp out.  It hurt, yeah, it throbbed with a deep, achy pain.  It hurt so good, it was so hot, he never wanted it to stop.  His dick jerked, leaking.  Tony tugged on the clamps again, on the chain, and there was
Steve knew his blush was furious this time.  That damned nickname.  Even more stupid, since he wasn’t the national champion anymore.  “You didn’t steal anything from me,” he said.  “You won it fair and square.”  It actually hadn’t been fair at all—Steve’s own program component scores had been massively overscored, and the judges had been ridiculously harsh on Stark’s.  If they hadn’t been, Steve would have been in second by a huge margin.  As it was, Stark had only beaten him by a point. So.  Stark’s win had been more than fair.  “Your free skate was incredible,” he added, knowing he was smiling admiringly but unable to help it.
“I should time you,” Tony said, still smiling, and kissed his cheek, still stroking along his chest, playing idly with the come still spattering it, swiping it up on his fingers.  “Here, sweetheart, I’m gonna fuck you.”
“Merry Christmas, big guy,” Tony said, eyes soft as he looked up into Steve’s face once he had him situated comfortable sideways on his lap.  He brought his hand up, cupped the side of Steve’s face gently, palm against his jaw, and stroked his cheek with his thumb.
,” scratchy and wavering and a low, harsh groan right out of his lungs, out of the very depths of his chest.
No, he wasn’t anything like Tony.
, and all that.  But he knew Steve didn’t want him to be any different than he was.  He just—he just liked seeing Tony, as he was, in soft, pretty things, things that made Tony feel soft, and vulnerable, and maybe a little doll-like, a little beautiful, a little bit a lot of things. He sighed, reached up and curled their fingers together, squeezed.  “Thanks for letting me,” he said, looking down at Steve’s hand.
Tony’s eyes softened; something went tight around his eyes, in his face, then smoothed out, his whole face going soft and open with it, like something had fallen away, leaving him wrenched apart, his mouth open, face falling out of its handsome lines into something softer and more disjointed, just for a moment, before his playful smile was back in place and he was pressing a kiss to Steve’s lips that had him parting them, sighing softly into it, before Tony moved away, kissed his nose, his forehead, his temple, nosing into his hair and breathing in, his thumb tracing the line of Steve’s clavicle, along his collarbone.
“Good boy,” Tony murmured again, lips against Steve’s tit even as it prickled from the oil.  Hot and wet, Steve felt so hot and wet, all over, from his shut eyelids to the sweat beading on his ankle to the pool of slippery wetness all over his belly and his hot, aching cock, an ache, molten hot from throbbing tip to aching balls.  “Good boy,” Tony repeated, and just the idea of Tony’s pleasure in his responses, that he was good, that he deserved Tony’s praise, made Steve throb anew in all kinds of ways.  Tony’s voice was husky, husky and warm.  “Can you take a few weights, too?  It’ll make them bite in there really nicely, baby—really make you hurt.  Can you do that for me?”
Steve huffed out a breath.  “I’ll never—never know how you can just
on it, and Steve’s entire world exploded in a bright, breathless flare of hot, consuming sensation, not pain, not pleasure, somehow both at once and neither.  When he came back to himself, he was rolling his face on Tony’s shoulder, mouth open and wet, and groaning, shaking all over, wet with sweat, his nipple throbbing so painfully, so beautifully.
“Your back feels all right?”  Tony’s hand on his thigh skimmed up, over the raw, marked, stinging skin of Steve’s rear, and pinched lightly, making Steve gasp, arch up with a hot, hard breath, bite his bottom lip.  “Your poor little peach of an ass?”
“I love it, Tony,” Steve said, hoarse and deep, eyes opening again as he lifted his hands, petted them gently down Tony’s sides.  “You look so, so delicate, so beautiful, so.  God. So good, so gorgeous for me.”  He leaned in, pressed a gentle kiss against Tony’s shoulder, against the silky strap of the babydoll, and Tony sighed, let himself sway forward against him.
Tony’s anxious expression faded, melted into a softly lopsided, almost impossibly fond expression.  “As long as you liked it,” he said again, in a low voice, and leaned in, pressing himself warm and heavy over Steve’s side to press another soft kiss into Steve’s mouth, nipping lightly at his full, wet bottom lip until Steve gasped and clutched at him weakly, desperately, mouth open and wet for Tony.  “You did such a good job,” Tony murmured as he pulled away, pressing a kiss to Steve’s nose, to each of his eyebrows, to his cheekbones, as he pulled away, rubbing gently along Steve’s jaw with his thumb.  “You were . . . you were fantastic, handsome.  I couldn’t have asked for anything better.  Anything more.”  He smiled, a little rueful.  “You made me come so hard.  You were so gorgeous, so wonderful—just watching you, watching you react like that—it feels like a privilege, sugar, and that’s the truth.”
like that, Steve.  You’re so good, you’re amazing.”  He pressed a kiss against the back of Steve’s neck, and Steve felt himself shudder—around his fingers, so it set the weighted clamps on his tits swinging, down to his toes—and took a deep, unsteady breath.
“Y-yeah,” Tony breathed, hitching and whimpering in his throat as Steve teased at him.  “C-course not.  It’s always good with you.”
“Oh, well, as long as he
“Oh, you are,” Tony said fervently.
“Yes,” Steve gasped, still couldn’t catch his breath, and then something came into his head, something he couldn’t shake loose, and he bit his bottom lip and said, “Yes, sir.”
It was good.  It was good.  He felt a little knot of tension in his belly relax, sighed and let his muscles go loose, finally let himself just feel good, just relax.  That was just perfect, then.  It had been good.
