Feeling the girl's genuine love, Steve finally picked up some warmth as he lifted Natasha off the floor and held her to face him, "You love me Toni, don't try to deny it, it turns out you love me."
"How could I?" Captain America hadn't really expected to hear that answer, he had actually knocked up the girl he loved before getting married, well at their usual frequency that wasn't really that unbelievable. But he couldn't believe that Natasha had carried their child for so long that he hadn't made the girl his lawfully wedded wife like a scumbag who had abandoned his wife.
Natasha's tearful helplessness only aroused the man's desire, and he reached up and grabbed the long soft hair at the back of the girl's head, forcing her head up to give him an easier angle to penetrate from top to bottom, and pressing her eagerly against his lower body. With each thrust to the throat, Steve let out a gasp of satisfaction. "Fuck, you're a good sucker... ahhh... Like you expect this to live, FUCK, tell me how many men have fucked this to practice it eh?" The girl shook her head desperately as if to say it was only him, which finally gave him the satisfaction of releasing it, the spurt of cum not only sliding part of the way straight down her throat, but some down the corner of her mouth, and more shooting into the girl's hair on her face and chest.
After that crazy night, Agent Toni Potts, who saved Captain Hydra's life, moved into Steve's room. Everyone said that the junior agent had been lucky enough to get the captain's attention after suffering only a minor injury. The Red Skull is more than happy to see Steve's newfound love, as the man has just been brainwashed and has had a new love, which might actually make the Avengers abandon their plans to rescue him.
With Steve's favourite pussy and throat no longer suitable to serve him, the girl's growing chest leapt to become the man's favourite place to play with. There were times when he would let the girl grab the softness on either side and voluntarily wrap his big dick in the middle, and he would rub himself between her tits, not caring whether the huge head was on her lips or her face, but always ending up with a faceful of cum anyway.
Natasha finally questioned without fear, turning her head to glare at the man moving behind her with seeming ferocity, "What were you doing?" Hearing that her voice was not at all intimidating, she added softly, "Is that good enough for you? Give me a break when you've had enough."
By the time Steve got out of the shower and thought about how to ask Natasha to be his girlfriend, Natasha was already waiting for him.
When he didn't say anything Toni went back into his arms, "You're too good a person to get involved with someone like me, as soon as tomorrow is over you'll leave and never come to see me again."
Captain America had been knocked down by Loki in a moment of carelessness and was about to get back up to continue the fight when a golden-red armor fell from the sky, knocking Loki to the ground with lasers from both hands before she could land between him and Loki.
"Ummm you may have forgotten, but the last time you couldn't sleep and said on the phone that Howard had never taken you to a place like that, I thought you'd want to make up for that? As well as that, this isn't a children's playground, look over there, over there, aren't all the little couples dating?"
Many mornings the first thing she sees is Steve's dick in and out of her mouth, and Steve seems keen to wake her up this way, with her favourite AC/DC on his phone and his hand on the back of her head, making her take him deeper in her sleep. This is when she misses the old Captain America who used to let her sleep a little longer even when he came back from her morning jogs, when Steve was usually leaning over her and portraying her sleeping eyes with a paintbrush.
"I didn't think anyone would really spend their whole life looking for someone in this day and age." Instead of showing the anger Grant expected in his mind, Natasha actually laughed out loud.
The man slowly took off his helmet, "Please forgive me, Your Majesty, for deceiving the king by dressing up as a man."
Unexpectedly, the phone was jerked from his hand and Steve sprang to his feet, reaching out to retrieve it. Fortunately, Toni only seemed to be trying to get the phone out of his hand and had no intention of probing what he was looking at. But it was a little too late to pull back, and Toni, still in her robe, carrying his phone and with her hair still wet, was already pinned to the sofa.
By the time Steve got out from the bathroom Toni had slipped away to the workroom. He watched from the doorway as Toni gawked and tapped at times at his shield, worn from the previous two days in battle, and asked Jarvis to open the door to the workroom.
Tony's heart beat faster all of a sudden, he grabbed the person's wrist tightly, forcing her to turn her head to face him, "Steve ...... Phanie ...... Stephanie, it's you!"
The Prince laughed and waved his hand for the old butler to leave, leaving himself and Phanie, who was still digesting the fact that the man in front of her is the Prince.
Natasha's consciousness was now much restored, but her speech system was still only able to produce incoherent moans, "It hurts... It's too deep... .Steve please..." Steve held her left leg down with one hand and her waist with the other, holding the girl firmly in place on the bed so that she could endure his fast thrusting. He enjoyed the retention deep inside the girl's body with each shallow stroke he made, he reached down and pressed a bulgeon her belly, "Look, this is me inside you, it's deep, but it's also very pleasurable isn't it?"
Grant slowly lowered his hands and came to sit next to Natasha, "I'm a person out of time. I used to be a ...... soldier, and I came back from the war to find that I had nothing left. My former girlfriend had left me, my good comrades were gone, and even after the war was over, I was no longer needed on the battlefield. No one needed me. I took a long leave of absence thinking that maybe I could make it a goal to find that person, that I could maybe start a family and stay in the city and be a cop or something. But ......"
It was Phanie who spoke first, "Your Highness ......, I really don't understand why you would hide your identity from me and ...... "treat me so well that I would think that way?
The girl's boredom was relieved by the long-awaited warmth and she chattered and talked to the man, while Steve's gaze deepened as he watched the girl's cheerfulness, her hair clinging to her back as she emerged from the sea and her skirt, already soaked to the skin, tracing the beautiful curves of her body like a mythical siren, seducing Steve into pulling off her dress.
The man didn't give her the slightest chance, Natasha withdrew one point and Steve immediately followed with two more deeper. This in and out gave the man an even greater sense of wonder as he patted the girl's soft, upturned buttocks and let her crawl forward, while he pressed himself against her, thrusting hard again with each step, or simply pinching her waist so that she wrapped her entire length around him again.
In the next instant, there was suddenly someone else in the room. He assumed a fighting stance almost immediately before he saw that it was Wong, who he knew to be Dr Strange's assistant, so he removed his defences and spoke up to ask, "What are you doing here from the Sanctuary?"
When the crowd left, Steve helped Toni back to the top floor of the building. "Does your head hurt?"
The Steve in the video still looked much the same as the last time the team gathered in the lobby at the moment, the only difference being that the clothes he was wearing had changed from the combat suit Natasha had made for him to a Hydra uniform and his ever blue, deep eyes had turned a bloodthirsty red.
Steve went to sleep one second and came to dream the next. As usual, the dreams began with this last night. He was in a trance. Was Tony in reality sleeping beside him as he was at this moment in his dream? He raised his hand and nudged his Omega to wake him up. "What's the matter old capsicle? Did you remember something important again?"
The man just smiled and waved his hand, "No need to take it back, I don't think His Highness would blame our butler for giving it to anyone. It's just that we've been standing here for a while, and I think it's a disgrace to the moonlight this evening. I only came here because I heard someone practising with a sword, and it so happens that I am also fascinated by the art of swordsmanship, so I wonder if you would like to spar with me?"
Natasha's clothes had been thrown to the floor, while Steve was still fully dressed as if he was going into battle in the next minute.
Clint sneaks out in the middle of the night in search of a midnight snack, and by the faint light of the fridge, it's a shock.
"What, have you never cheated on anyone before? Captain America, the poster boy for morality? Mr. Steve Grant Rogers?"
Tony wore a vest and trousers, black and grey with orange stitching. It was an undersuit for the armour but not obviously. He also wore his new glasses, E.D.I.T.H., and he had the arc reactor with black armour nanotechnology in it. Despite it all he felt anxious and jittery when Friday announced the arrival of them to the compound in ten minutes.
And Thor, one of the few men he looked up to, so inherently good, it was maddening sometimes. He admired the immense strength, bravery and optimism but Thor was also so humble and never looked down on anyone. The Ultron accident had been a bump in their friendship. He missed the way their friendship just worked so easily.
Steve could really say he and Tony had become great friends and Steve couldn't be happier that Tony was finally back in his life after 7 years
“Thank you, Tony, that means a lot and I will come to you if you’re really okay with that. I don’t want to bother you.”
“Nothing you’ll have to worry about.” Steve heaved himself off the couch and stumbled into the bathroom.
“Yeah? You don’t want to reconcile with me, you’ve made that pretty clear over the past few months and I get it. I am a fucking idiot and shouldn’t have been keeping secret about anything. And then also Peggy passing away, I was feeling so bad, it all just collided and you took the brunt of it. I just had my best friend back and thought we could prevent these winter soldiers from escaping and then that happened. I'm so sorry but I'll leave you alone, you don't have to reconcile with me if you never want to. I'll deal with it." Steve sucked in a breath and squeezed his eyes shut and balled up his fists.
Steve hissed a little but shot a grateful look at him. Steve slumped into the couch as soon as they arrived at the cabin. Tony locked it down and asked Friday to keep up surveillance of their surroundings.
“Wow, at least you learned to be sassy in those eleven years. Apparently I did do something right!” Tony said.
“It hurts, Tony.” Steve had moaned from the pain, which was saying something since he usually denied anything hurting him unless he was alone with Bucky or Tony. Rhodey had silently slipped out of the room when he saw Tony was handling it okay with the assistance from Bucky.
And so on, they went back to how they were together before it all fell apart. Steve washed up while Tony not-so-secretly admired the well-sculpted abs, back muscles, arms and legs. All over he just looked strong and steady and it was rendering Tony speechless. He quickly retrieved the bullet from Steve's left calve, stitched it up and swaddled it.
Clint, what even could he say about that man. Equally snarky, equally good at seeing danger in battles, they worked so well together, however when they needed their downtime they always stuck together. Clint could take out his hearing-aids and would hang around in the corners of Tony's lab, the high ceilings were much appreciated by that man. Tony could just brainstorm and once in a while, Clint would sign something to get Tony further in the improvement of the team's equipment. Clint didn't understand everything, he could ask just the right questions however and the right time.
'Steve, you're totally not following the rhythm. Did you not remember anything from my single lesson eleven years ago?' Tony lifted his head from Steve's shoulder and looked at him with a smug smile.
Tony gasped, "Captain, I am hurt!", he exclaimed. Tony laughed and took another swig from his drink.
“Tony, it’s Steve. Its Thursday morning, four in the morning, we’re in the highlands of China, West-China. You’re only with me, Steve Rogers, in a wooden cabin. We’re safe. You are safe. Focus on my voice Tony, I want to help you.”
After a week in the hospital, the pain turned manageable and while Steve hadn’t eaten much and lost weight, he was allowed to go home. He still looked beaten up, his ribs were visible, his cheekbones were even more pronounced, he stumbled because he turned so weak from the exhaustion and hunger, his eyes were filled with pain and anxiety. He also hadn’t shaved so a stubble was forming, pronouncing the thin look of Steve’s face even more. His under eyes looked purple and his skin looked still sickly pale.
not going anywhere, Stark,” Joe says grimly. He tests the needle, squirting tiny droplets of the substance into the air to make sure there is no air in the vial. The syringe is filled all the way. Tony realizes that he doesn’t think he’s ever been given such a large dose, that he can remember. It’s at least double his normal amount. Joe jabs it without ceremony into Tony’s neck and depresses the plunger.
Tony sits crosslegged on his bed, fully dressed in a rumpled three piece. His hair is limp and tired and the skin beneath his eyes feels like paper. When he goes long enough without sleeping, he feels it in his eyes. Heavy and dry, and he catches himself staring into space at nothing.
“Are you trying to tell me,” Tony begins slowly, feigning seriousness, “That now might not be the best time to quit drinking? You’re right. I’ll try and reschedule withdrawals for a week from today, will you check my calendar? Actually, let’s make it next month, see if they can hold a bed for me at a cushy rehab center.”
He packs his things, and forces himself to move methodically. Think rationally. He washes in the rusted bathtub with water from his jug, and shaves in the dusty mirror over the sink. It isn’t for vanity’s sake; if Steve intends to waltz into a residential area, and if he intends to get there quickly, he’s going to be seen. He can’t wait for nightfall to move in the over of shadows, slinking from alley to sewer to riverbank. He has to blend in.
And then the sound of the rain drumming against stone starts to sound almost like a musical instrument. Tony’s an intelligent man, but he isn’t the expert on cave acoustics. It isn’t foolish to think there could be an unusual sound effect produced by rainfall just in the right position causing a sort of twinkling sound. Tony cocks his head, straining with a curious expression to listen.
Tony tripped up the front steps and landed on the stoop, panting. His lungs burned with exertion; maybe Tony wasn’t in the best cardiovascular shape of his life. Didn’t take too much running to bang out a few metal works here and there, and drink himself into a stupor every day.
He remains very quiet, leaning against the dugout in the ball field where they agreed to meet. Little League. He watches Tony walk up the field from the street, alone. He had promised himself he would make Tony speak first.
Here’s what Tony inexplicably knows, and wishes he could forget: if it had been Natasha with him in that cave, she probably wouldn’t have been stupid enough to come back for him. The odds were against him, and Natasha is a pragmatist before a sentimentalist.
It takes them weeks of staking out, and painstakingly reaching out to sources, combing through all their access channels, bleeding the last of their resources dry. They lose more people. Steve forgets to grieve, it just stops turning on-- or maybe it never turns off. They have a close call with a raid in the same neighborhood as the safe house. That’s a hard night for all of them. Trapped like rats, totally at the mercy of chance, unable to do anything but wait to live or die. Steve starts to think he’s losing his mind.
They were at the train tracks at the outskirts of town, and nobody would hear him scream— if he even had the lung capacity for screaming. Something stabbed inside him with every shallow breath.
Sheriff would see this and it would at least make solving Tony’s own murder a little easier, (and maybe make Rogers feel appropriately guilty for not being around to save Tony’s skin, but that was a secondary concern.) The outlaws encroached closer; Tony was out of time. Using hurried, slashing motions, Tony engraved his own epitaph.
He scrubs his hand over his unshaven, hollow face; it’s nonsense. It’s the drugs. It’s the tumor. The withdrawals. Hell, call it a trauma response, baby duckling imprinting on the man who sucked his dick and dragged him out of hell alive. But he couldn’t love Steve.
“You know I will, darling. You ought to put your winnings on it,” he says with a perfectly false grin.
"I should have cleaned this out for you," Steve says slowly. "I'm sorry you had to be exposed to this."
“Oh my god,” Sam says, turning up the volume. All eyes fall to Tony’s image on the screen, as he opens his mouth, and lies without hesitation.
A wind blows through the burning lot, gently fanning the fires. It’s quiet, save for the crackle of flames and the low, distant groan of a structure melting in the building heat.
He finishes anther glass of ginger ale, and it churns in his nervous stomach. He sets the crystal cut glass on the nightstand.
Steve paused, brows furrowed. His curiosity won him out, and he leaned down, head nearly touching Tony’s knee, sticking a tentative hand into Tony’s boot. It tickled.
“Sorry. I was distracted,” Steve says. Tony smiles. It’s that smile Steve fell in love with so long ago. That smile Steve missed when it was replaced with a false one, the smile he missed when Tony was gone. He hopes to see a lot more of it, going forward.
Steve lets him pull his short cropped hair as he drowns out all the pain with pleasure. The only coherent thought Tony manages to string together in the moment is that this is definitely not the first time Steve’s done this— he had seemed all too eager, even.
friends fight valiantly, and they follow the plan: cover Steve at any expense so Steve can get to Tony. They’ve suffered enough injustice to be on board with murder, even without knowing this Tony is an imposter. The thought is sour in the back of Steve’s throat. This murder-suicide mission has two purposes. Stop SHRA, yes. And to clear Tony’s name.
She tells him that heroes are having a secret meeting at the Baxter building, and she asks him if he can handle the ones who will rebel.
He’s angry, but not irrational; he does not believe that Tony had had anything to do with the attack on him by SHIELD. That had been Maria, through and through, and it had been before Tony had been tasked by the president to bring Steve in. But he’s still culpable in his own way, guilt by association. The sting of abandonment when Tony hadn’t been the one to come to Steve’s rescue, either. How dare he think himself so special; Tony had not stopped the arrest of Steve's cohorts. Why would Steve expect anything different for himself?
Except, Steve has thought he was doing a good job of hiding that-- his undying devotion. His pathetic willingness to redraw the line in the sand until he and Tony find themselves on the same side. Steve doesn’t know what to say, and quickly, Tony back pedals, clearing his throat.
They both drank. Steve sipped, and Tony gulped. The warmth slid down his throat and spread to his chest. He knocked the rest of the drink back in a hurry to take the sharp edge off the pain. Whiskey sure did the trick better than any herbal concoction Doctor Banner ever offered to him. The alcohol dulled the edges, and Tony started to feel a lot better suited to existing in no time.
Somewhere inside Steve’s head, alarm bells chime. He doesn’t hear them over the hot blood pounding in his ears. He wonders if Tony can hear his heartbeat. It’s a silly thought. Steve floats across the room like in a dream, and positions himself just barely on the edge of the bed, uncomfortable but eagerly compliant.
“But,” Steve says, tone shifted— careful, and almost defensive, “I’m not ashamed of it. I’m not ashamed of myself, or anything that we did, in the circumstances.”
“It should be easy, in and out, shake hands, smile for a picture. The flight will take longer than the job,” Tony assures him. Behind the bar, the margarita blender screams and whirs, pulverizing ice and tequila as the bartender salts the rim of a stemmed glass. Tony sucks on the husk of a used lime from the bottom of his first drink. He holds up two fingers, and mouths, “Make it two more.”
Tony sighs and tries to shift position, stiff and uncomfortable from spending so much time in the same position. It has been hours, cold and stiff on the hard ground, his little craving growing worse and worse with time. He doesn’t mention it to Steve, because he doesn’t see a point, but Tony’s sweating all over. It’s disgusting and uncomfortable. He reeks. And he can’t seem to stop shaking.
“If you had just been a second later,” Tony says, “I could have gotten it. Only needed another second. Less than that. I had it in my finger tips.”
“What happened to you—” Steve begins, and he doesn’t know what to say about the condition Tony’s in. Whatever horrors happened here, he knows he’ll never get the whole story. That’s okay. Some things are too dark to say out loud.
'Well good morning to you too Pep.' He stood up and hobbled into the bathroom. He honestly didn't look that great, his hair was a curly mess, bruises all over like he assumed and there were streaks of dirt all over him. He shrugged off his clothes and stepped under the warm water of the shower, it soothed the deep ache in his bones.
"This bathroom is tiny, how do you want me to do that with you taking up the leftover space, genius?"
“Oh my, some of those businessmen can be such assholes. I can’t believe why I put up with them. I’m gonna consider breaking contract with them if they keep up this behaviour!” She came in ranting.
Steve disappeared again and returned with a strip of the Beta-blockers he took. He hated them at first because of the fatigue and weight gain. His hands and feet had always been cold so that did not change much, except for him being cold almost permanently now. Steve had a worried frown on his face.
“Steve, when did that start? It can’t be infected with the serum.” Tony felt his chest tighten from the anxiety over his boyfriend being in pain.
Carol and Maria were laughing together about a joke Thor told. Thor had become fat but had shaved his beard and cut his hair short. He looked absolutely glorious and happy now that he had given his reign to Valkyrie. Bruce was also standing with them and he hadn't looked this relaxed at gala ever, Steve thought. Valkyrie was at the table with Shuri, T'Challa. They all had satisfied grins on their faces. Sam and Bucky were swaying together on the dance floor. Nat was standing at the bar with Okoye. Nat had confided into Steve about her crush on Okoye and it seemed Okoye was flirting back if the blush on Nat's face wasn't just heat and makeup.
Tony took a steady breath and rattled off his practised speech. When he was done he shaking breathed out and turned around and stalked back to his floor, leaving The Rogues behind with his friends. He trusted them to finish it. He needed a flight in the armour.
Tony ordered a mocktail and leaned against the bar. He shifted his focus on Steve and Steve felt like running, all his tact went out of the window when Tony looked at him. He wanted to impress the man and make him smile and feel comfortable, but he had no clue how to do that. He only stumbled over his words and gave the most basic answers. Tony didn't seem to feel like that about it all though, he seemed to feel exactly the way Steve wanted him to feel.
“Well, I’m sorry, I only got one lesson which was eleven years ago. Despite it being from a great man, I was busy doing something else between then and now, so excuse me if I forgot something.” Steve sassed back.
“Don’t worry, thank you.” Tony waved to them to leave it and they turned around and left the workshop.
He was laying a little broken on his bed, bruises all over and maybe some sprained bones. He had had a long day fighting with the New Avengers, they had been sent out on a mission in Europe. Halfway through the battle, Friday had informed him that the Rogues were keeping an eye on the situation from a distance. That had totally distracted him and he had been thrown into the side of a building, hence the bruises and sprained...everything probably. Tony groaned and sat up.
Steve breathed a sigh of relief, took a swig from his drink and sat down on the barstool. Tony grabbed his hand and squeezed it softly.
'Why would he give up his trademark gold and red armour?" Natasha asked. She was reading the newspaper in which a two-page article was published about the establishment of the Avengers, the downfall of S.H.I.E.L.D. and its connection to Hydra, the role of the Winter Soldier, Ultron and Sokovia, the airport fight and the role of the Accords in it and the New Avengers with "The Metal Crusader" as their leader. Basically a detailed timeline of the rise and fall of the Avengers, it was painful to read how her family had fallen apart but it was the truth. Natasha had no idea how to fix this, so she had asked King T'Challa for an in-depth explanation of the Accords, what they would sign for, what they could change with amendments afterwards and what their punishments would be if they would agree to go back.
For the first time in a long, long time they both felt at peace. They shared a feeling about something, something extremely personal and deep-rooted. It wasn't something positive, far from it even, but it was something. And now they could move forward, struggling, but it was struggling together and that made the future seem a little lighter, brighter and more hopeful. That night they ended up in the same bed, both laying on their sides just talking softly and smiling a little. Tony admired the blue eyes of Steve, his sunshine bright smile and deep rumbling laughter. Tony hadn't dared to hope of ever having the privilege of hearing that again. Tony hoped he was reading all the signs right and let the urge of tracing Steve's face with his finger up. Steve closed his eyes and sighed, relaxing into the mattress and pillows of their bed. Tony cupped Steve's jaw, scratching the beard a little.
“No, I would love to go to the City with you. Please, let’s get away and enjoy ourselves as you told me!”
“Will you get the medication from the bathroom for me, please? Better take it now instead of forgetting again.” Tony asked as soon as Steve had returned with a glass of water.
It took Steve's breath away for a minute. Steve had his beard again, his hair was longer again, a turtleneck shirt with a black velvet jacket and pants. His dog tags dangling off his neck and wearing some rings.
Tony Stark had entered the room. The group parted and the smaller man stepped into the room. He wore the brightest smile on his face, he wore red-tinted glasses with black frames, his goatee was meticulous, his hair wasn't as long and black as it used to be, it had slivers of grey and it was styled up and out of his face. Tony was wearing a three-piece suit, a white blouse, a dark blue vest with an embroidered outline red star and a matching dark blue jacket and pants.
Some of the tension seemed to be gone from his body language though now that he had returned home. Those following three weeks had been immensely hard for Steve, with Tony close by his side it had been doable though. All the frustrations from the things he couldn’t do anymore had been eating away at his usual determined and light-hearted boyfriend. All the therapy he had gone through because of survivors guilt, ending up in the future, no sense of purpose except being a soldier and his ever-present PTSD, seemed to be undone. The nightmares had returned, the days he wouldn’t come out of his bed, anger issues, the tremors because of his anxiety. The arm had healed nicely but mentally Steve had taken a big hit, again. And that did not even take into account the phantom pain yet.
Rhodey had explained that Steve was in surgery and because they were running the risk of Steve waking up Sam and Bucky were with him. Turned out Steve had woken up while they were amputating his right arm. A stale beam had crashed down on him, through his upper arm. The damage could not be repaired, even with Steve’s super-soldier serum. Bucky had to pin him down so he wouldn’t be moving too much, while Sam had tried to distract Steve.
'Wait, Steve, come back. We think he does like you, just try Steve? Please? You like him and he has been obviously flirting with you again!'
Steve looked at him like he spoke in a language he could not comprehend but also a little relieved. Tony busied himself with getting out the first-aid kit while Steve stripped out of the sinfully tight black suit, there were indentations of the seems all over his body.
Tony tensed up, Steve hadn’t left the shop and Tony had let his facade slip, Tony wanted to thunk his head against a wall. Finally, he heard the swishing of the shop’s door closing.
Steve understood for the first time, Steve could see why Tony had always been so self-sacrificing. He understood that when something hurts so bad, that the only relief could be dying, and if it was even considered a 'heroic death' well…
He shifted his eyes to the red-head, now turned platinum-blonde. He felt himself starting to slip on his self-control, seeing that honest, relieved expression on Nat's face was like a punch in the gut. He felt a wave of sadness coming over him. He shot her a quick smile and moved on to Sam and Bucky walking behind them.
Tony woke up with a gasp and grabbed at his chest. The lights flickered on and Tony scooted back against the headboard to get away from the piercing bright light.
Steve turned towards Tony and held up his left arm and settled his right hand on Tony's shoulder. Tony hesitated and was biting his lip. Tony was looking down so Steve couldn’t look into Tony’s eyes to see what was going on, but his tense shoulders were enough to know Tony was feeling anxious. Steve changed his position from his hands to cup Tony's neck and massaged his shoulder a little.
“And how would you introduce me? Not as playboy, philanthropist, billionaire or genius I hope? I hope you’ll pick something more meaningful than that.”
“Thank you, Tony. I couldn’t do this without you.” Steve mumbled sleepily and boneless laying in the soft clean bedsheets.
'Tony, let’s do a few of those breathing exercises. In and out like I do. You're safe here and you are allowed to enjoy yourself. Nothing is going to happen, just focus on me and your breathing. Come on, in and out.'
“You're doing great for a beginner than, don’t worry my Captain! Never thought I would be leading Captain America." Tony said teasingly with a small cocky smile on his face.
'Are you sure? I don't wanna hurt you, with the… the prosthetic I mean and… it's- it's not the best yet with fine motor skills.'
And, on top of that, Fury had asked Tony to make Steve a black stealth suit, similar to The Metal Crusador. Tony had shot the three a filthy look, grumbled his agreement after having a staredown with Fury and stormed out of the office.
Together they went up to the communal room where the rest of the team was already halfway through dinner. Bucky scooped two plates and moved them to the two empty seats beside him. Bucky squeezed Steve’s thigh softly and then went back to his conversation with Thor.
'Exactly.' Steve whispered and he started swaying softly from left to right and still rubbing the nape of Tony's neck, careful of the scars, which were sensitive at times. Tony's right shoulder was always tense and muscle spasms were becoming a weekly occurrence Steve knew. And Tony's left arm occasionally got numb if the stress got too high. Tony deserved the support he got, no doubt about it for Steve.
Tony looked Steve in the eyes and several emotions seemed to flicker through the smaller man’s eyes. Realization, sadness, and determination Steve thought he could see in the dark brown eyes. Steve felt nervous all of a sudden and pulled away from their dancing position, he felt his cheeks flush in shame.
“Well, yeah actually I found this hole in the wall in New York City, so I thought we could drive there and go to this hotel, go to that restaurant and stay at the hotel in the city for one night. If it’s too much just tell me, I won’t mind.” Steve said hesitantly.
The talks they had were eye-opening and they both felt relieved mostly. They also clashed, of course, they still did not agree about some tactics in battle they used, but they could let it be now.
Tony gasped a few times more and than started focussing on the steady voice he heard through the blood rushing through his ears.
He heard footsteps fading away and exhaled, Steve always got on his nerves, despite him trying to give Tony space.
Steve huffed a little laugh in response, he had gone completely boneless under Tony's ministrations.
“Cap, status?!” He barked out and taking off at top speed to Steve’s last location. Flying there he only heard the distinct clanging of the shield and groans when Steve was probably punching his attackers. Tony fired multiple of his explosives at the attackers. They did not have a back-up so they needed to be careful. Tony spared a glance at Steve and the suit fitted him so well, he really was a genius for designing a better fitting suit and now in black, all the sharp edges of Steve’s immaculate body got enhanced. In this dark forest, he could barely see Steve, just flitting past and swinging the completely painted black shield. He seemed a little off but it didn’t perturb Tony much. He nearly got hit in the head with a weapon which looked like a butcher’s knife and the knifes flying at him wedged themselves in the trees, some nearly being cut down because of that.
'He is not my man.' Steve muttered and started walking away, it was too painful to talk about, still.
Friday would follow his order, even though she had been giving him the silent treatment after he snapped at her. He took the stairs up to his floor, he didn't have anyone to spar or train with, so he needed to find ways to keep up his stamina, especially with his lower lung capacity. He had three safeguards on his floor, retinal scanner, voice-activated and fingerprint scan. On these nights he hated himself for being so paranoid, without he wouldn't be able to sleep though. He collapsed into his king-size bed, after taking a quick shower and shave and immediately fell into a restless sleep, marred by nightmares.
The villain seemed to be a mutant, some unidentified powers, which he could protect himself with mostly, not for attack tactics necessarily. His army wasn’t strong, it was a large army however and the monsters were big, the collateral damage was devastating. The evacuation of civilians went fine until Cap and Widow heard cries coming from another building. It came from a dingy flat and apparently several families were stuck in the building. Cap had barked orders out, they had to distract the army from coming closer to the building, it was already unstable. Iron Man went in together with Cap. Apparently it wasn’t people in the building, the villain had somehow found a way to produce sound coming from the building and the villain let more of the army come down to overwhelm the Avengers in the field, so two flying objects, reminding Tony off the Chitauri army, came at the building and it collapsed on them before they could even think about an escape route. They were both knocked immediately. Iron Man woke up first because of Widow and War Machine screaming through their comms. A huge headache was coming on and his legs felt trapped under a beam. The suit protected him from breaking anything, not from bruises and sprains, however. Tony could not locate his boyfriend immediately, Jarvis identified a body laying 9 feet away from him though.
Steve’s opinion of Tony will never recover from this, he thinks. Not that the good old Captain ever seemed to be Tony’s biggest fan. Steve plants himself between Tony and the crash site, watching in undisguised repulsion as Tony convulses and vomits— for the third time today. The smell of his own burnt flesh doubles the nausea, and the pain is beyond words. He’s cooked— and definitely concussed from the crash.
— he often finds himself suddenly awaken by Tony gently nudging Steve with his foot. They meet eyes and Steve’s rapid breathing slows, and his shirt sticks to the back of his neck with cold sweat, and he could never express how much he appreciates Tony’s silence.
Tony tells him he should give up now, that his armor can predict Steve’s every move before he even makes it. Steve thinks,
It’s a different kiss entirely than when the skrull tried to kiss Steve as Tony, and Steve takes it as dizzying confirmation that this is meant to be, between them. This is all he’s ever wanted.
The sun sinks toward an unseeable horizon behind the clouds. Steve’s restless, but for Tony’s sake, he doesn’t try and force him to move.
Yet, Steve finds it difficult to shake the obsessive, insecure thought, that he had never really known Tony at all.
“I’ll keep the pilot company,” Tony says, once Steve is too far away to hear him, having gone around to the other side of the crash sight.
A week later, Steve turns on the TV in the common room of the safe house. He's not alone; members of his group mill around, tending wounds, making small talk.
Reeling, Tony touched his lip; it was bleeding something awful. The three men circled closer, towering over him, their faces in shadow.
That night, lying awake in bed, he thinks about what he did and he tries to muster guilt for fighting dirty with dirty. Steve cares about integrity, and he cares about doing things right. Steve doesn’t buy into the ends justifying the means. That’s the whole point. He isn't comfortable with himself, and the dissonance between how he sees himself and how he acted today haunts him. He can't bring himself to regret it, yet.
“Oh, I’m doing great.” He tries to sit up, forgetting his injuries until he puts weight on them; pain shoots through his body and he feels the color drain from his face as he bites back a strangle sound. “Actually, I’m feeling a little green.”
He forces his eyes open after a long while, and doubts if he even managed to open them: the room is total blackness, just as though his lids were still shut.
And while he doesn’t expect this habit to yield any helpful result, it becomes a comfort to him, and one consistent part of his day. A sort of ritual; the first thing he does in the morning is write a message to Tony, and it’s the last thing he checks before going to sleep at night.
Tony finally makes a healthy weight. Steve can see the difference in Tony’s body— he looks more like a hero and less like a victim— but that’s more in the way he’s carrying himself than anything else.
It still doesn’t feel quite right. Given all the aggressive measures lately, it seems odd for Tony to fold now. Steve won’t look a gift horse in the mouth. He believes in giving the benefit of the doubt, and maybe he’ll finally understand why Tony’s been acting so strange. He’s just relieved that soon, they’ll be putting this all behind them. God, soon this may be over.
He smiles into the camera, making direct eye contact with eyes like emerald in the light, “—if you see something, say something. Our hotline runs 24/7.”
productive, though. His mind feels like a wrung out, dried and crusty sponge. He’s scattered, unhinged. Terrified. Delusional. Is it mental illness, or intuition?
They’re still trying to do the work. Answering emergency calls for civilians, yes, but now they’re spending a lot of time responding to distress calls from other heroes. They’ve become an underground network, a last hope.
He thinks about all the times he gave Tony grief for losing himself down a bottle; he thinks maybe now he understands better how desperation could drive a man to act irrationally. Irresponsibly. Steve feels like he's burning evidence as he closes out of the tracking window, and clears any trace of the search (to the best of his abilities) from the computer. He boots it down. The screen winks, black. It is like he was never here.
“Ah,” Steve says, understanding. He grinds his jaw, and his eyes dart down. “Well, I guess I should be relieved.”
“Merry Christmas to me,” he said in a sing-song slur. He knocked back the last drop of his drink, setting the glass on the table a little too hard. Graceless. He laid his cards face down on the table, not eager to show his ‘winning’ hand. He’d won with a five and a three. He wasn’t about to
“Star Trek, Steve. Really?” He waves his hand emphatically. “The Enterprise. The final frontier. You know. It’s culture.”
Steve stared at the money, and then stared at Tony. The three outlaws certainly would come back; it was a lot of money, and you couldn’t get far in the west without coin.
He leans forward. Everyone watches him, an energy present that had been absent before. Steve drawing from some hazy idea of the leader he is to them, he tries to be that man. He doesn’t remember how to inspire hope. This is almost hope. Not hope, but something like it. A prayer to hold onto.
Joe runs pasts Tony, but then seems to pause, just for long enough for uncertainty to flicker across his green, wrinkled face.
He tries not to let it show. “Doesn’t make any difference. Bad news wither way. What do I know, I’m no a doctor,” he says, “Luckily I’ve got the lovely nurse Rogers to care for me. Too bad you don’t have a little outfit to suit the part. Or a sweeter bedside manner.”
The heavy dose is paralyzing. He feels mummified. He hears carnival music riding in his ears, distorted and haunting and not real. Gravity pulls him down, down, down.
He looks down and doesn’t realize he’s crying until one of his own hot tears drop from the tip of his nose and falls onto the mangled, green face.
“Oh my God,” Steve whispers. He turns the corner and finds the basement door, left ajar. Faintly, the smell of stale smoke wafts up the stairs. And the smell of stale sick. He pushes the creaky door open, and descends into near total darkness. He wishes he would have thought to bring a flashlight. He feels around in the dark. His fingertips are his eyes. The only light comes from the open door at the top of the stairs. It takes a minute for his eyes to adjust.
The walls are damp and cold, concrete. He stumbles over a cord running across the floor of the hall. His hand lands on a doorknob.
If he was going to get murdered for cheating those bastards out of their money, and he really hadn’t cheated in the first place, he figured fair was fair. Their coin purses were heavy in his boot, and he weakly jostled his leg.
He knows that there had been trouble at home— in his old life— but it feels so trivial and far away now. Back when he was human, back when he had the pride and agency to get into trouble, he didn’t appreciate human contact. Now, he would do anything to go home. Whatever seemed insurmountable then feels like a road bump, now. He laments the waste of his life, and he feels quite sure he will never have the chance to go back and change things. It doesn’t matter how desperately he prays, chapped lips moving silently in the dark. He will never go home. He will never rest in a bed again. He will never see Steve again.
“I killed him,” Steve says. He’s still sitting on the chest of his victim. Corpse pinned between his knees.
“In your message, you said ‘white flag,’” Steve says, brusk and impersonal. The black water softly laps at the dock, rhythmic splashing, soft enough to comfortably mask their voices if anyone is listening nearby. “I took that to mean surrender. Things
Gravel crunches beneath his feet as he hobbles over to the torn open, burnt out cockpit. Rain pelts against the sheets of metal which had made up the outer wall, and it sounds like a summer storm under a tin roof. Tony closes his eyes and sits, with a grimace, and he thinks about being somewhere far away. Somewhere warm, on a lake. Drink in hand, he would be in his bathing suit, a red Speedo, and Natasha would be there to massage sunscreen into his shoulders. He lets his imagination pull on that thread for a while, to its natural end, (Natasha, sunbathing in nothing after Tony spends himself on her stomach,) and then the fantasy wanders.
“Sheriff, if you wouldn’t mind, would you reach into my left boot?” Tony said, raising his leg a pitiful few inches. “I’d do it myself but on account of the broken rib… ”
Steve spends another night camped out on the rooftop of a building across from Tony’s penthouse, equipped with surveillance technology lifted from SHIELD. High powered scopes and binoculars, and a sonar gun that’s useless through Tony’s reinforced glass windows. His line of sight is extremely limited; he only has a view of one third of one of Tony’s rooms, and Tony keeps his windows darkened more often than not.
some kind of trap, but there was never a chance of not going. The hope is sweet poison; he’s high riding on the feeling.
Steve chews his lip. “What kind of things?” He can’t believe he’s allowing himself to consider this.
He opens his eyes and tilts his head back, leaning against a rock beside the blacked skeleton of the pilot.
“Curfew? Can he even do that?” Cassie asks anxiously. The whole group has gathered up around the TV.
The message isn’t signed. It doesn’t need to be. In a communication thread containing hundreds of messages on the right side of the screen, indicating that they were all sent by Steve, this is the only message received in response.
Tony is eight years old and drunk on bourbon. Tony is seven years old and he’s got a fever and Daddy’s mad. Tony is five years old and can’t speak right and his father kneels beside him and grabs his face,
“Well that’s a good idea. A signal fire,” Tony says. Steve looks over at him suddenly, as though surprised to hear that they’re in agreement. Tony adds, “Although, I’d think that if the key to our rescue depended on a fire, perhaps the burning fucking airplane would have worked more to—
“You look like hell. Your drinking problem, biting you in the ass, I’d guess. But you don’t have anything to say about that, do you? And now I’m stuck with you. Dead weight. Am I supposed to be glad?” Steve says, gesturing stiffly, cold, “Am I supposed to take a load off, kick my feet up, and wait with you to die?”
Tony fractured a rib falling, but the really concerning thing is that he can’t feel or move on of his legs. He plays it down to Steve, but Tony wonders if it’s a spine injury. Either way, there’s no way he’s going anywhere, and the cliffs enclosing them are so steep that he doesn’t expect Steve to be able to get far, either.
SHIELD hasn’t released the fact that Tony had been replaced by a skrull, likely because they want to avoid mass hysteria— or, less altruistically— they don’t want the skrulls to know that SHIELD now knows. Yet, Tony is obviously gone, and this can't be kept from the public because they're used to seeing him regularly making appearances. It puts SHIELD in a sticky position; they can’t make no statement, and they can’t definitively declare him dead.
All he knows now is that if by some miracle he could get Tony back, Steve would know better than to ever let something tear them apart again. The truth is, nothing could be worth it. He’s chosen the most worthy hill to die on, but he hadn’t accounted for this, and so there couldn’t be anything worth it.
“We both did things we regret,” Steve says in a quiet voice. “Please, don’t tire yourself out talking about it. Not now, Tony. It doesn’t matter now. Later. You need to save your energy.”
Steve replays that meeting in his head a thousand times, wondering if maybe he had made a mistake by ignoring a cry for help. He will admit that he has become obsessive; he has no defense to offer. He can't stop playing it out. He can't get Tony's voice out of his ear. He compulsively watches TV and the internet for any sign of Tony, to glean anything from his appearance. However, alarmingly, he spends the next few days conspicuously out of the public eye. Steve spirals; he wonders what Tony could do to himself, if he had enough fear, and few enough friends. On some level, Steve
Tears rolls down his cheeks, his eyes sting and he grinds his teeth. The sob builds inside of him like volcanic activity. The pressure becomes unbearable. The grief is more than his Pandora’s box can contain.
“—I wouldn’t have come here if I didn’t need you. All of us need you. I have some pull, Steve, but not much. Enough. To get you in, and then you can do so much more than I could hope to. You’d be so much better. You don’t trust accountability my way? Fine. I’m not— I’m not sure I do, either. God, I don’t know what I’m doing,” Tony continues. He pulls at his hair.
Teeth bumping, open mouthed, it’s clumsy and uncareful— needy, Tony realizes with growing delight— desperation. Tony hasn’t allowed himself to give this scenario more than a guilty, passing thought until now, but it feels right. Steve’s lips are warm.
This snaps him into action. Steve moves mechanically, without an articulate thought beyond the thrumming in his veins. He wears only his underwear and a t-shirt. In the dark, his still-healing scars shine like crescent moons. Stretched, new, shining skin. In bare feet, he takes his phone from his sleeping quarters to the computer room. In their safe house, the computer room is a huge, cold space with a vaulted ceiling, and large screens and metal boxes housing computers lining the walls. All concrete and aluminum. His bare feet sound funny on the unyielding floor, like duck flippers.
no cathartic, explosive relief? What about when nothing gives, when the dam cracks, but holds? When you think that singing tension will eventually give way to a satisfying
“No,” she says, and she tilts her chin up, as if she’s looking down at him, “I’m asking you to obey the will of the American people,
When Tony blinks, the sky is starless again. He realizes it was another trick of the eye, but then Steve says, “Yeah. Beautiful.”
. Tony has this premonition that he’s going to die. Checking the locks sends it back into the shadows of his mind, but only fleetingly. It always comes back, the black dog of death. The sound of an extra set of footsteps when he should be alone. Delusional paranoia, or a well-informed hunch? When you’re right so often about how every worst case scenario will play out, it becomes difficult to attune when you’re being paranoid. Tony's paranoia has saved him enough times in the past.
“Please, Steve. Just, trust me. I just want to take you to my place. I have some things to show you. I think you’ll want to see. I’ll turn off the surveillance cameras in my place. They wave me right through the checkpoints, perks of the job. And the windows are tinted. No one can see into this car. We can take the stairs, skip the elevator.”
The shock of being wrong. It’s like the floor dropping out from beneath him. That gut-clenching panic, a moment suspended in time, reaching with your foot through the darkness for a last stair that isn’t where it should be. The forever-second long descent, and terror, and blindness, and confusion.
Tony might be slow but he does eventually connect the dots. He frowns. Not the most encouraging news to wake up with. “Dear, you bet against me?”
He's seated in a wheelchair with a blanket in his lap by his desk. He doesn't use the wheelchair outside of his private quarters, and never in front of anyone but Steve (after all, Steve saw him in much worse condition.) But sometimes he gets so tired that walking is a chore for him, and after the first time he had stood up too fast only to collapse, Steve had pleaded with him to work something out.
“When more of our friends die, it’ll be on you. And nothing I could say will compare to how you’ll feel living with that, for the rest of your—”
He’s way beyond the shakes, now. Audio and visual hallucinations start around the twenty-four hour mark, a voice in his head helpfully supplies.
“Okay. Thank you,” Steve says. That’s all he can say. There are no words that could approach the debt Steve owes to Sam. Sam claps him on the shoulder, and gives him a squeeze. Steve watches his friend’s wings unfold as he prepares to take flight again. The silhouette of a helicopter crawls by through the orange glow of flames shining against the haze.
Steve falls silent again, for a moment. Tony keeps his eyes carefully trained on his silhouette far above, against the rapidly darkening sky. The last light has all but seeped away below the horizon.
The skrulls are his nurses and doctors and nutritionists. Some avoid looking at him when they can manage it, but some seem to take pleasure in his miserable, deteriorated state. They keep him alive, but just barely. Anything beyond what is strictly necessary is considered a luxury, and Tony knows he hasn’t earned any luxury. Distantly, he wonders what he would have to do to earn a luxury. He thinks he doesn’t have any integrity at all anymore. He would do just about anything if they would just give him a blanket. Or five minutes out of his bonds, to scratch every miserable itch.
They both laughed until there were tears rolling down their cheeks and the barkeep had to chase them out for being disorderly. Stepping outside, the nighttime air was a cool kiss on Tony’s flushed brow.
He does not know how to cope with the realization that someone he loves is not the person he had believed them to be. Is the sin his own, in the tender eye of the beholder, seeing what he needs to see? Can Tony be blamed for not being who Steve always thought he was?
“You wouldn’t,” Tony says through grit teeth, staying as still as possible, riding out the pulsing wave of agony. It doesn’t go away, but the searing brightness dulls after a moment of slow breathing.
Sam helps him with the stealth and tech, and Steve couldn’t be more grateful for a friend who doesn’t ask too many questions. It isn’t easy. Tony Stark had already been one of the wealthiest and the most tech savvy man in the free world before, but now he also has the benefit of a government espionage and security agency at his disposal. It’s almost an impossible task.
“Give it time, I’m sure I’ll shut up for good soon enough,” Tony says in a sardonic sing-song voice.
“Would you take it as terribly offensive if I fell asleep? I think this is the most relaxed I’ve felt without a drink in— well, since this whole ordeal started.”
He cleans himself up hastily. When he’s done, he looks up at Tony and that’s all the notice he has before Tony leans in to kiss him.
He speaks fast and barely above a whisper, fevered and wild eyed. The way he jumps from point to point makes Steve’s head spin, like Tony doesn’t think he can make Steve understand whatever he’s trying to sat. He’s only half making sense, and Steve suddenly wonders when Tony has last slept. The dark shadows under his eyes don’t tell a good story.
Tony throws a plate. It bounces off the wall unbroken and lands on the floor, wobbling. Steve doesn't know if Tony is here or there, but he's mad and there are tears streaming down his cheeks, but it does nothing to make him look less feral. Teeth bared behind stretched lips, moving like an animal. Terrified and infuriated.
Things get easier when Steve stops every thought that starts with a sense of obligation, or Tony being incompetent. He can't help but want to take care of him, but it doesn't actually work that way. He had said that he's here
. The thread just stretches, and sags, and you’re still bound. You’re still tied. But the pull is gone, and the world moves on.
“See you in hell, stupid motherfucker,” the mustached man said, and Tony couldn’t turn his neck to watch, but he heard the sound of the men mounting their horses.
The whites of his eyes gleam inky black, black all the way around like the devil’s eyes. He grins with too many teeth and then there’s the sound of a lock clicking shut; eyes darting down, Tony sees, now, that Steve had not been undoing Tony’s pants, but securing his ankle with the ground with a metal cuff and chain.
(He’ll maintain to his grave that the game has changed beyond repair, and that it was another thing entirely back in his day— but that doesn’t stop him from tuning in.)
After a beat, without looking Tony in the eye, Steve says, “I climbed back down. You looked dead, when I got back with the rescue team. They didn’t think there was any point, I could tell, they were just, going through the motions. Setting up the hitch, this rope and pulley system to get down the rock face, it was taking too long. I couldn’t wait. So, I went down. Climbed, the same way I climbed out. I just wanted to check your pulse. I didn’t know if you were alive. Maybe they were right. Maybe there was no point, that’s what everyone seemed to believe. Hell even your own— well. Obviously, you weren’t dead. You were breathing. I think, though, that another ten minutes, it would have been over.”
Steve shut up. For a moment, abject terror flashed in his blue eyes, and Tony didn’t even dare to breathe. The corner of Steve’s mouth quirked up into a confused smile. He ducked his neck and pulled Tony in with that hand on his back, and he kissed him.
“Let’s get you up. I’m going to help you. You ought to get home and rest, and I’m needed in town, last minute preparations for the Christmas party,” Steve said. He extended a leather gloved hand for Tony.
The rain has slowed a drizzle; the repetitive sound of it hypnotic. Tony’s eyes feel heavy; he’s bone tired. It crosses his mind to wonder if he hallucinated any of that. No. It had been real. Even he couldn’t have dreamed up something like that.
face will live forever in Steve’s mind. He has never looked so relieved. Like a burning building sagging under the weight of its own melting frame, finally succumbing and collapsing in a cathartic sigh. Tony crosses the gap and takes Steve’s hand so
Tony swallows. It isn’t easy, letting himself be vulnerable. If Steve laughed at him, if he gave him that pitying, disgusted look that Natasha had perfected, Tony might just die. He does it anyways.
“Don’ you find this just a little bit cliche?” Tony said, with a great struggle. The only response he received was a very pointed tightening of the ropes which bound his arms to his chest. Shooting pain bloomed in his ribcage. Message received.
Surrounded by a sprawl of thick government forms and manilla folders, Tony massages his temples. He mutes his newsfeed, and he shuts down all internal communication capabilities temporarily. Quiet, he just needs quiet. Fifteen more minutes, and maybe he will be able to sleep. God, just a good night's sleep.
It has been at least a full twenty-four hours since Tony’s measly pre-flight drink, and he isn’t feeling well. He’s irritable. He’s anxious, jumpy. At least, with nothing in his stomach, the heaving has mostly stopped.
“You would have killed yourself. All you had to do was wait for the sedative to wear off. You would be dead right now if you bashed your head in.” Tony nods. He doesn’t get it. He nods anyways.
“I don’t know if I can live with what’s happened,” Steve says, and he means it. He doesn’t know how to go forward, except with the small purpose of finding a body. One day at a time, and when that is done, he honestly doesn’t know what he’ll do next. How he’ll find a way to wake up every day. “And for all the back and forth— and all the things we’ve said, and done to each other… For all the cruel things I’ve said. For everything I never let you say—”
not the case. After a moment, Tony seems more irritated than confused by Steve’s silence, and throws the towel into the dirty laundry pile with the sheet.
, but Tony needs him, and Steve has this little scrap of good faith, and it’s enough for plausible deniability. He’s thinking ahead of himself, planning excuses and denials for any possible outcome, like an addict. The only person to whom he owes any explanation is himself, and that's the only person he can't fool.
Steve feels sick. He sits numbly in his seat in the main hub of the safehouse; he’s alone. These days, the others keep to their own quarters when they’re not out running rescue missions. Everyone nursing their wounds in private, or maybe avoiding Steve and his gloomy mood.
“Well, I am.” He’s irritable and insecure— and it’s because Tony doesn’t think he’s ashamed for any of the reasons that he should be.
His skin is loose and paper-like. His ears ring, and it’s a welcome annoyance compared to the dreaded monotony of the silence. If he had the strength, he might try and beat his head against the ground to speed things along. He can’t find it in himself to sit up, though. And his head hurts so bad already.
He pushes Steve off of him, forcing their mouths apart, gasping. “What’s this?” he asks. He wants to make Steve bend.
Tony comes into the kitchen, where Steve is preparing grilled cheese. The counter is littered with plastic Kraft singles wrappers, and a knife sticks out of a tub of spreadable butter. The TV is playing in the background, but they keep it off the news stations when they can avoid it. Today, there’s a baseball game that Steve’s been keeping half an ear on.
But he’s lazy and it’s amusing and Tony’s laughter is really contagious, so he fights against but doesn’t free himself from the body that’s restraining him.
“Hogan, what is it exactly that you have against Lee?” Pepper’s frowning at Hogan now. “You know as well as I do that there is a big difference between making little schoolgirls swoon at your feet and acting in a major motion picture.”
Steve releases Tony from between his lips, taking in the musky male taste as he moves up Tony’s body. Slowly and incredibly torturously.
“Steve,” Tony takes a step closer to the blond boy who doesn’t bother backing away, the threat in his eyes should be enough to keep any smart man at bay.
“Shit,” Steve curses softly, so enthralled by everything that he doesn’t notice Tony taking his hand. He doesn’t notice himself willingly entwining his fingers with Tony’s. He only notices when the car comes to a complete standstill just in front of a wide red carpet and Tony’s warm breath hits his ear - dangerously close and low.
Tony lets out the breath he’s been holding, relaxing the muscles he’s been flexing and rolls his neck until it clicks.
Tony opens his eyes, brows furrowing a little. Their eyes lock for a moment before Tony’s sitting up and Steve’s regretting asking that damn question.
That afternoon, it was decided by both boys a nap was necessary. Especially after long road trips and emotional visits.
Tony pretends not to notice the heated undertone in Steve’s voice. If anyone has the right to be angry, it’s him.
He isn’t about to deny it, he’s rusty. The smile is original, the wave is reserved and he actually has to look where he’s stepping a couple of times.
“It’s about these two guys, young guys, my age,” Tony begins, “and their living out this, perfect love affair behind everyone’s back. I mean, they are madly in love with each other. Then three months before the year is over, Jake, well, the one guy just disappears. His family leaves town. He goes without telling anyone. Not even Zane, the lead actor. My character.”
Tony’s gaze is making it impossible for Steve to stare long enough into his eyes to try to read what was coming next.
Of all his years in the industry, he’s won countless awards. Oscars and Emmy’s. He’s made speech after speech. He’s talked celebrities into stepping out of their comfort zones over and over again,
eighteen-year-old star who doesn’t detest wearing the same thing twice. But then, it is a reality, that with a face like Tony’s, nobody seems to care what the hell the rest of him looks like. Intense chocolate eyes perfectly placed below thick, healthy eyebrows. A perfectly straight nose above faultless heart-shaped lips.
Steve’s stomach heats up and his face flushes. He groans as his father laughs. “Don’t tell me you saw that.”
Even though Steve does know it will be another day before his father will wake up, he still feels bad for wanting to leave the hospital as much as he does right then.
Tony’s jaw twitches twice, brows slightly furrowed with his cellphone held against his chin. No doubt in an internal debate with himself.
speak to Howard, Happy,” Pepper ignores his joke, “from what I recal, once upon a time, the two of you were best friends before you were bound by the strict employee employer relationship.”
A familiar looking young man, shifting from foot to other, doing his best to blend in with the hospital walls.
“It all sounds incredibly exciting,” Natasha says genuinely. “Are you able to share any of it with us.”
“No, Tony,” Pepper says, her words contradicting her actions when she allows herself to be led back to the living room couch slowly.
“Could you be a sweetheart and have those punched into the system before you leave?”  Stark says, sliding into a grey Armani jacket that compliments his tailored waistcoat and does nothing to hide how perfectly the dress pants incase his thighs. Steve scolds himself for noticing. “Some techy geeks will be in first thing tomorrow morning to integrate that data with some cutting-edge software that’s sure to change our lives, so please do make sure there are no errors.”
Steve notices Tony blush, withdrawing slightly. He half wishes his father hadn’t brought that part of Tony up, but can hardly blame his old man for it.
As he shakes her hand she takes the time to pay attention to everything. From the firm grip of the shake, to the subtle tan of his hand. The old brown pleather jacket he’s wearing to the black polo shirt beneath it. His square jaw and symmetrical face, the sky blue eyes that ooze warmth. His perfect pink lips. The flawlessly styled hair, the type of gold with too much precision to be natural.
Tony pulls himself up until his back is against the headboard. He crosses his arms over his chest and crosses his legs at the ankles.
The limo slows and Steve’s heart begins to thump uncontrollably. He regrets not training his eyes out the tinted windows because they’re suddenly surrounded by scores of fans. The uncontrollable crowd is screaming and jumping, holding up signs and dying to cross the belly high fencing that’s blocking them. The men in uniform are possibly the only things keeping them from leaping over the simple obstacle between them and their idols.
He looks at his mother. Even Maria’s staring nervously at the television screen in Hogan’s office. Whenever Tony screws up – which is often - while everyone else is doing their utmost to make him feel bad, his mother is always right beside him, offering him sweet, silent smiles.
“I’m actually working on something with Stan Lee,” Tony grins. “Who knows, second time may be lucky.”
The car horn behind him blows and his eyes snap open, reminding him of where he is. He isn’t in Steve’s hotel room. He isn’t in Steve’s arms. He’s in his car, the air-conditioning hitting his face so hard that any heat that had risen to his cheeks with personal thoughts of Steve won’t successfully stain them red.
It’s been three nights, but it feels like much longer. Three days of silence, of the occasional awkward glance. Tony is sure everyone can tell. He’s been spending insane sleepless nights, convincing himself that everyone knows that there’s something wrong between him and Steve.
Steve gets ready, clearing his throat. He has the opening line in the scene and knows it by heart due to repetition. Instead, Steve’s taken off guard when Tony jumps right to the line proceeding the kiss.
“Neil, huh?” Steve thinks out loud, because awkward silences often make him insane enough not to endure them.
“I was angry, Steve. I was so mad at you,” Tony gives a short nervous chuckle. “But when I found out everything … when I found out why you did what you did, I got even angrier.”
“I know,” Steve finds Tony on the porch swing, “I know.” He says again, somewhat solemnly. “No there isn’t.”
Pepper shrugs at Hogan, not caring at all for the perplexed look on his face. She shuts her eyes, willing oblivion to merely take over her for a second. Or at least for the duration of the song that she grew up listening to. The one that reminded her of home and her father. The moment that blocked out the complicated jumble her life had become. She’s so deep in that when Hogan’s arm circle her waist, she doesn’t flinch.
“There’s nothing wrong, Tony,” she tries to sound casual, just to lighten his mood. Tony’s slipping, she knows. Too much wine does strange things to his mood. She hardly ever understands where all the depression and doubt in himself comes from. Or maybe she does, she just never wants to admit it to herself.
As they stroll down the red carpet, he has no time to admire the other celebrities and their shiny costumes. He’s concentrating too hard on not tripping. Not smiling too hard. Trying to remember if he checked his hair before he left his hotel room or his teeth after he flossed.
“You see, Tony,” Howard says, walking around the table as Tony lifts the envelope and carefully pulls out its contents “You see what happens when you trust the wrong people. When you refuse to trust the right ones. Steve Rogers hired some two-bit photographer to follow the two of you around just waiting for the perfect moment to get that money shot. He used you.”
They have no idea it’s because Tony’s avoiding his lonely new apartment and will do anything to keep away from the ominous serenity it brings. It’s a constant reminder of how his father is still furious with him. And although it’s been a plan of Tony’s to leave home at eighteen, he hadn’t wanted it to be like this.
Over the past few days, Tony has become accustomed to the look of shock that people give him when they find out that Hogan is no longer his agent. None match his own devastation when he’d gotten the news. But Tony has a new theory in life.
“Billy,” the man calls out to some door leading to the back, the kitchen Steve presumes. “Billy Bob, will you come out here and fix this young man his girly drink. I’ll take over inventory.”
“You don’t have to keep reminding me,” Steve is grateful when they’ve finally exited the building. “I’m the one who got rejected and fired, remember.”
“I kinda had to stop off at Stan Lee’s studio first.” Tony shrugs casually. He picks up the plate of donuts that his father had placed aside and resumes eating.
“Forgive me, where are my manners,” she smiles at him over her shoulder. “I’m Wanda, but everyone in town calls me Aunt Wanda. Steve seems to prefer Ms. Wanda. But I guess you can choose whatever tickles your fancy. I’m a bit of a town celebrity myself, obviously nothing like you. I bet folks around here are gonna be thrilled to see you. All I get is extra fruit in my basket every now and then but you, I bet you-”
“He would’ve done it regardless, Hogan. You know that.” Pepper calms slightly before continuing. “Besides, I’ve done nothing for that boy other than what I’m paid to do.”
“Oh my, my, my,” the lady in front of him softly exclaims, and Tony only slightly takes note of her running a nervous hand through her white hair while straightening her apron with the other. “You’re that young man from the television.”
“You won’t regret this Mr. Stark.” Lee shakes Tony’s hand, shooting Hogan a triumphant look as he does.
“What just happened?” Bucky hangs over the partition and Steve notices his friend is already all coated up and ready to bolt, just in case Stark comes back and makes him stay behind too – guilt by association. Stark has done it before. “You just said no to Stark and corrected him in less a minute. How are you not fired?”
Maria’s heart sinks when Tony’s eyes finally meet her own. There’s no mistaking his desperate effort to hold back tears. It’s almost too unbearable to witness. Knowing that her husband has everything to do with it. Admitting that she could’ve prevented it from getting this far.
Firstly, there’s the fact that Tony is four years younger than her. She tries to remind herself of this as he slides his hands up her shirt and caresses her gently. Then there;s the fact that she works for him. Focusing on that becomes increasing harder when he turns her around and gazes into her eyes. Then there’s the fact that Tony only ever shows interest in her when he’s under the influence. When he slightly doubts himself about something. As if he’s trying to prove something to someone by being with her, and kissing her, and making love to her. Remembering that fact, on the other hand, usually does the trick for Pepper.
“I’ll call that damn good acting then,” Joeseph rests back down again with a chuckle. “And its Joe to you, son. Haven’t heard enough about you,” he looks at his son, “I’m hoping that’s gonna change.”
Steve’s shorts drop to the ground and he steps out of them, dark boxer briefs fitting him like a second skin.
Steve hasn’t spoken much about his father. About his family in general. Tony finds himself wondering if that’s his own fault. Their entire time spent together revolved around the production and the script. Around pointless fights and Tony’s family issues.
The reporter isn’t exactly what Tony would call attractive. Take away the make-up and hair extensions and she’ll probably just barely scrape past the first elimination round in Miss America. But then again, Tony thinks, he could just be thinking this because of who the reporter is and what she stands for.
Steve is only half listening to Tony, not bothering to laugh with him. He’s still hung up on the single word Tony had blurted obliviously.
“He lied to you because he loves,” Maria goes on, further confusing her son. “He doesn’t know how to show it Tony, but his heart is really in the right place. That’s why he fired Hogan and Pepper. That’s why he made Steve leave. He did what he thought was best for you in the worst way possible.”
Ever since Harold Stark announced his early retirement from Stark Industries and his son strolled into his place, it was painfully obvious to Steve that mini-Stark loathes him.
The simplest of words with infinite meaning hit Steve so hard. Steve can’t hold it in anymore and it only becomes harder when the tears in his father’s eyes sparkled as well. Steve finally lets them fall freely, moving his hand over his father’s as Joseph gently wipes his son’s damp cheeks.
“You’re making the poor boys nervous as shit,” Rhodey says with a frown, entwining his fingers behind his head. “You’re not even supposed to be in here.”
The very thought makes her realize, it has been far too long since she’s last had alone time with Tony.
“Say what you want,” Bucky shrugs, moving to his own cubicle, “but I’m always right about these things.”
Her face is similar to Tony’s. Not as akin as Howard’s, but he still feels Tony’s presence when looking at her.
Tony’s feeling overconfident and is unapologetic about it. When it comes to Steve, Tony is now certain that he’s one step ahead with full reign of over the situation. So much so that as he keeps walking, he does a mental countdown from three, grinning widely when his name is called just as he reaches zero.
“Sent you and Pepper to check up on me,” Tony shakes his head with a sarcastic smile. “Really, Hogan, when is he just gonna give this up?”
Howard grabs the plate out of Tony’s hand again and this time filters the contents into a tiny trashcan in the corner, completely ignoring the look of pain on his son’s face.
“Thank you, don’t mind if I do,” Thor says, his melodic raspy voice confirming what Tony had just been thinking.
Tony grits his teeth, his nostrils flaring. He’s breathing heavily, doing everything he can not to moan. He wouldn’t want to wake Hogan or Pepper for that matter, not really caring that they’d seen neither on their hurried way up to one of Hogan’s spare rooms.
“My father,” Tony frowns, getting to his feet. “Well then you know what? You can keep your script. No Steve, no Tony Stark.”
“Well, Tony absolutely hates clichéd grand gestures,” Steve begins monotonically, “and since proposing on Valentine’s Day is the type of clichéd grand gesture he always says he hates more than anything in the world, I figured he wouldn’t be expecting it therefore rendering it a spontaneous act of love-”
“Could I get a little help here,” Tony nods again, this time over his shoulder, “the key is in my back pocket.”
Being with Tony has shown Steve his generous side too. The side that offers time instead of money, assistance instead of cheques. Steve will never forget how ridiculously rich Tony looked in a stained apron and hairnet as he got hands-on in one of his many side-projects. The types that are so selfless that nobody knows about them simply due to the fact that the tabloids deem them too boring to print.
“Bye, Dad.” It sounds final regardless of the his father sounding determined to continue the conversation.
Tony pulls his arm out of Hogan’s grip as they walk  down dark passageways. People are all rushing, up and down, all acting professional. None of them notice the silent argument Tony and Hogan are having.
As Tony pushes his body harder against Steve’s, Steve snakes his arms around Tony, one hand snaking into Tony’s hair and the other pulling him closer around the waist.
“Do you wanna know what always puts me at ease,” Tony says before downing his drink with reprehensible professionalism and carelessly tossing the glass aside. He does the same with Steve’s tumbler and the blond man only has a second to be re-marveled by the softness of the carpet before he’s introduced the softness of the bed. He lands on his elbows, knees hooked over the edge and thighs slightly spread.
“Bucky,” Ms. Wanda nods, not offering him any more acknowledgment before scurrying into the house, “I’m going to start dinner.”
“Just hearing your voice is enough,” Steve charms, “you know what they say about too much of a good thing.”
“Sean,” Steve offers as his thumb brushes over knuckles that have no right to be attractive,” William,” and the he too adds, “Scott.”
“What the hell else is he supposed to do?” Pepper shoots back, “Howard isn’t exactly making living at home easy for him.”
Tony considers Steve; the boy’s hair a mess, bright blue eyes oozing the sort of delight that actually makes him start a little. The smile on Steve’s face is genuine, his cheeks flushed pink and  lips just as rosy.
Tony’s face is also noticeably smoother, eyebrows darker and lips glossy. Or are they just wet? It doesn’t matter. Not when the white vest he’s wearing is clinging to his chest and the undoubtedly brand new dark jeans hang low around his waist. They are definitely brand new, Steve can practically smell that new store smell.
“Ready,” Tony confirms. He grips the bar tightly, pushing just enough to unhook the barbell, before lowering it down to his chest. Tony lets out a strained breath as he pushes the weight up, fully convinced that Jarvis is doing next to nothing to assist him.
“Tony,” Steve interrupts inadvertently and quietly, once again displaying how he’s been paying next to no attention to Tony’s rambling. “I- I’m a little nervous.”
“Tony, you may be looking for that quick fix of attention that comes with fame, but here’s a newsflash for you – I’m not.”
Steve can’t quite wrap his mind around why Tony is trying so hard. A part of him knows Tony is just making an effort to make him feel like he can fit in. Part of him believes Tony feels sorry for him. The most part of him wishes that Tony just enjoys his company. It’s far-fetched even just thinking about it, but we wants to believe that.
“A while ago, I would have said yes,” Ms. Wanda nods thoughtfully. “Bucky is real good at pulling Steve apart. But Now, I’d say you have absolutely nothing to worry about. When Steve came home, I could hardly believe it was the same kid. Something’s changed him. He looked a lot stronger, you know. Something tells me he’s a lot stronger now.”
“None taken,” Tony shrugs, shooting one more triumphant grin at Hill and Rhodey. Lee seems to be pampering the hell out of Tony, and Tony is not the only one who notices.
Tony holds himself up, arms positioned on either side of Steve’s head. Steve’s breathing quickens noticeably and still no words coming to mind.
As annoying as Bucky is, the man has a point. He is always, almost ominously, correct when it comes to the art of throbbing loins. It was, in fact, Bucky who ‘outed’ Steve after what Steve had thought was thirty two years of the best straight-acting known to man. All it had taken was one look between Steve and hi-my-name-is-Peter, the pizza delivery guy, and by the time money had been exchanged and the door had been shut, Bucky’s eyes were wide.
“Yeah?” Tony grins almost wickedly in what felt like forever. “You make sure they know exactly who took it.”
“Well, all he said to me was that I better be at the house at seven o’clock sharp”, Pepper shrugs. “That serious matters had to be discussed and things are going to change. That man really ticks me off, Hogan. His son is most certainly not a
Steve only half takes into consideration that Tony is on his side of the bed as he crawls under the covers.
“21 what?” Tony asks for the second time that hour and the crowd laughs and applauds. He has no idea why because he’s genuinely confused.
“And I suppose the money you rake in on account of  his fame has absolutely nothing to do with it.” Brock grins.
Maria nods, feeling too exhausted to elaborate any further. Then her stomach heats over knowing exactly what’s coming next.
So instead, Steve shocks Tony by wrapping one strong arm around the dark haired man’s waist, and hauling him up against his chest. And at this angle, Steve’s cock lodges snuggly between the cleft of Stark’s ass. And he makes sure the arm around his waist is tight and predatory, as dominating as his hand that wraps around Tony’s cock.
“Good,” Tony pushes his lips against hers briefly, moving them both clumsily onto the couch. He rolls them over ineptly so that Pepper was straddling his waist, “talking is overrated.”
,” Tony smiles genuinely, “Lee can’t stop talking about you. So, what do you think about the script?”
Hogan isn’t sure if he’s more surprised by her actions or by the smile he’s greeted by when he finally looks into her eyes again.
“Look, I’m not going to some party.” Steve scoffs,  shaking his head. “You don’t get it. I’m not one of them.”
Yes. I remembered it all. I remembered how that demon took over my body and treated you so roughly. No, I shouldn't have excused myself like that, there was no demon, it was me who had indulged my dark side, who had ignored her feelings, who had trampled on the treasure I had always cherished in my heart, my Natasha, my fiancée, my love.
Steve patted her on the shoulder, "Work hard and I'll take you out tomorrow. Maybe I can tour the Stark Industries while you work?"
"You've always wondered why I wanted you to accompany me in this play, haven't you? It's my birthday present to myself, and after tomorrow I'm going to forget about him. The human brain is such a fragile thing, knowing all this is fake, but I can pretend I have gotten it. I can't be so obsessed with him anymore.  Or sooner or later it will ruin our teammate relationship. You really do look like him, with a name like him and eyes like him even more."
"This is the surprise I have prepared for you." The man's tone was temperamental as he rolled around behind the girl and simply unzipped his trouser chain, lifted one of her legs and rushed in.
Steve wondered how he managed to remember that time again in this climax moment, and how much he had to talk to dispel the girl's insecurities. Oh yes, it was his love his feelings, he thought with a little distraction from the unspeakable relief, the same love he had then when he saw the girl's eyes redden at the moment as she buried her head between his legs and choked.
The man began his report calmly, but his clenched fists betrayed his indignation, and Steve took his time, burying his head in the girl's shoulder for a deep breath and a kiss and a nibble, and reaching down from the girl's waist to smear the little wetness he felt on her face, before looking up to continue to admire the man's gradually losing his calm tone and somewhat grim expression across the table.
Hearing the two arguing in the living room, Steve rushed out of the room and Bruce immediately directed his anger at him, "Natasha told me a few days ago that Iron man was desperate, unwilling to accept the truth and hell-bent on believing you while you two were right here in the building with no pity!"
Steve looked at her, "I'm here in person, I can practice anything you want in person to prove how much I have fallen for you!"
It was only after an unknown amount of time that Bruce's voice came over the headphones confirming that everything had gone well that Natasha finally dropped back into his arms, relaxing the nerves she had been holding on to and soon falling into a dreamless sleep.
Natasha didn't expect him to be so eager, and as she held his hands down on her legs, she suddenly heard the same murmur as before, "Toni... Toni..." She looked into the man's red eyes and thought that if it had been him before, he would have been a gentleman first. "What's the matter? Don't want it?" The man pinched her chin and smiled playfully before caressing her face again, "Since I've fallen in love with you, I'll never have another woman. You look at me like that and it makes me want to fuck you right now."
Tony winces, and talks with urgency, slurring his words, “Some of it was me. The Reg’stration— I only just started ‘membering again. I couldn’t rem’ber. But now I do. You hate me now. I don’ know what to do. I don’ know why you would come.”
Steve glances down at his hand and releases his grip. Tony can’t tell what he’s thinking: is it ruined, that sublime tension soured by pity for Tony and his tumor, Tony and his seizure, Tony, resigned to his fate, a corpse still half animated?
Steve freezes, eyes wide, gripping the towel with white knuckles. Time stands still, and Steve is a viewer outside of his own body. Beard scraping, wet lips. Tony kisses him with an open mouth, sliding his tongue between Steve’s lips, hungry hands snaking down his waist, down his thigh. Steve finally regains control of his body and pulls away, stunned.
“We didn’t come here to arrest you, Cap,” Tony says, humbling himself. His false bravado has deflated. The Extremis suit is sleeker and more advanced; his voice sounds more like his true voice and less like a robot, in a way that sounds painfully intimate. “I talked SHIELD into offering you one, final amnesty.”
“Is that supposed to be a joke?” Steve asks. Tony’s brow twitches, and then he plays it off with a laugh.
Steve has spent a lot of his life believing that confrontation leads to resolution, facing things head on. It’s almost true. When all the good guys are easily identified, surrounded in an echo chamber of friends congratulating each other on a job well done, it becomes easy to forget that there is always an after. A next day. What to do when you throw all of yourself into a conflict and there
Sam takes Steve by the hand and struggles with his weight, pulling him to his feet. Steve staggers. His strength is totally gone.
“Just let me help. It isn’t like I have anywhere better to be,” Steve says. He plays it off like Tony would be doing him a favor, and it’s true.
“Please,” he says, and Steve wants to think he means it, “I know you’re angry. I know it’s an enormous change from the way we’ve always worked, but we aren’t living in nineteen forty-five anymore.”
Steve pants raggedly, fluid in his lungs; he had held himself together with adrenaline and a sense of purpose that both rapidly flee from him now that the job is done. Leeched dry, empty. Husk.
He’s been awake too long without anyone coming in. It’s a break from the invariable routine upon which he’s come to rely. At first, he’s excited by the change— any kind of change— to break the monotony. Perhaps today they will kill him. His heart races with dark excitement. Maybe at least they’ll move him. Maybe he could jump out of a moving vehicle, if they leave him awake for transport.
A silhouette emerged from the alley, just a few yards away. Another appeared on the other side of the street. If Tony broke into a dead run now, he might be able to go ten, fifteen seconds before his old ticker gave out on him. They’d easily overtake him, anyways. Two against one, and the third still leveraging the advantage of being unseen.
. His hand had tremored, and Steve’s expression in the dark had been impenetrable, and disgusted. It had been an embarrassment. Pathetic.
It’s the catalyst for rapid change, and a blow to international security. The consequences are a mix of good and bad. With the news out that Tony was
Steve recoils. Tony has hurt his feelings. He should feel sorry, but he’s too vulnerable; the only way to regain control here is to lash out. To avoid being hurt, he hurts Steve first. That’s how real men do things. That’s how Tony and Natasha do things. That’s how Tony has always handled relationships. It’s about control.
His eyes go wide, and it feels like his heart stops. “You can’t leave me here,” Tony says, and the drug begins to saturate his system. His words sound like a funhouse echo, and his vision starts to skip and slide and swirl. He’s sinking into a house of horrors, the terror becoming a hallucinogenic parody of itself until Tony can’t breathe. “You can’t d’that, please don’ leave me here.”
