It was then that Tony realised with a bit of a jolt, that Steve was going to pay for his drink. He didn’t think he could remember the last time a date had paid for anything for him, and mostly with good reason. He wasn’t a billionaire just so he could have other people pay his way.
Turning away from where the white lights had been glaring down at him for the past four hours, he frowned slightly at the now familiar sight of his sister standing at the bottom of the stairs, her hair messy from sleep and still in her sleep shirt and pants, both sporting cartoon drawings of green Martians and cliché, disk shaped spaceships. They may or may not have been specially made for her as she’d refused the ones offered to her with the word ‘princess’ scrawled all over it along with pink, sparkly tiaras.
“So, you do actually take on passengers?” Tony asked as they followed her, arm linking with Steve’s so that it brushed against Steve’s side with every step they took.
“Criminals?” Steve broke in, immediately concerned that they’d been too obvious and unguarded with their actions around company.
“Oh, Cupcake, come here,” he moved back from the robot AI he was so close to finishing and opened his arms to her without a second thought. His creations would still be there in a moment, right now he had a little sister to look after.
“Tony, I’m going to take the jet to DC tonight,” Pepper suddenly said, pulling Tony from the images before him. Looking over, he could see she’d set her flute down on a table, her eyes flickering between the holoscreens continually.
There had to be at least twenty guns of various types. As a rule, they didn’t have anything to do with weapons trading, not only because it was so easy to trace with serial numbers, but because Steve always had a nagging doubt in the back of his mind about where, exactly, those weapons would end up.
He chuckled as he sat down in a fancy monstrosity of an armchair across from him. From the way he was acting, it was as though Tony had merely been sightseeing the ‘verse for the past few years and had finally returned home to take some responsibility for his future.
One day, they would do a job and it would be easy. It would all go according to plan and they’d have time and energy to spare at the end of it.
The SHIELD soldier sent him a particularly venomous look, but turned his attention to escorting Doctor Cho towards another ship that was awaiting her to depart.
“Oh wow,” she moved quickly over to him, grabbing his hand when he wasn’t quick enough to offer it, and shaking it enthusiastically with both of her own. “You’re Doctor Bruce Banner, I’m such a huge fan of yours. You are, like, the coolest science dude to have ever lived. I cannot believe I’m meeting you – this is so awesome! I have the most intense need to ask if I can take a Selfie with you, I hope you don’t mind,” she gushed, babbling away happily in a way reminiscent of Tony when he was excited.
Steve privately thought that the last bit was a little uncalled for, they hadn’t actually done anything stupid – yet.
“This takes precedence over the enquiry, Barton. Now, I won’t say it again, get your ass here for a debriefing,” Fury snapped
Cracking open his eyes, it took a moment for them to focus before he was able to make out the TV playing some old sci-fi movie from the seventies, the screen the only light in the room. The second thing was the dark blue of his pillow. The very familiar dark blue that he was almost 100% sure matched the colour of the shirt Steve had been wearing when he’d come down to get Tony from the workshop earlier.
A sudden loud growl came from his left, causing him to swing around, sword at the ready. Unfortunately he also managed to catch his foot on a small mound of dirt, falling over into a dip in the ground at the same time. Crashing into unforgiving dirt and stone, Tony had a moment to wince at the pain radiating from his calf, no doubt bruised if not scraped by the impact. Then, looking up, he saw a Zombie approaching him in the moonlight, sickly green arms outstretched and ratty clothing stained with dark liquids.
“Tattletale,” Tony sighed. “I wanted to ask you something, actually,” he continued after a beat of quiet, only Dummy’s beeps and Darcy’s quiet cooing filling the space.
“I don’t know why I bother saying it, as you never listen to anyone, but you need to take better care of yourself.”
Tony was silent for a long time, so long that Steve began to wonder if he was dozing off again, before he began speaking.
“Repeating: halt! This is a representative of the USC, you are suspected of illegal trading on the quarantined planet, Tadamori. Station your ship and prepare for boarding,” the official voice sounded over the intercom again.
- at school to like him, had gone along willingly. He was shoved into a small backyard shed at the boys’ house and it had only been because he’d made such a racket banging and yelling at the door to be let out that the neighbours had called the cops, that he’d even been found.
He was pulled from his thoughts by the sound of heels on metal, and smiled up at the beautiful woman as she descended the catwalk stairs into the cargo hold. Natasha was wearing a cream coloured sarong dress, delicate stitching covered her bodice and a finely spun scarf was draped around her shoulders.
Tony laughed at him, ratty bag slung over his shoulder as he stood at the top of the ramp, one step away from being inside the airlock.
“And I wouldn’t have had such a wonderful childhood, with such incredible memories of a loving brother. Hell, I wouldn’t have even known my own mother if it wasn’t for you, Tony,” Darcy said, reaching out to gently touch his arm.
Steve remained tense until Clint spoke over the intercom, announcing that they had left Tadamori’s atmosphere and that the course was set for Ariel.
“Here,” Steve said with a flourish of his free hand in the direction of a small, potted plant sitting on the previously empty corner of the kitchen, beside the cabinet containing pots and pans.
“Yeah?” he called out, voice echoing slightly in the half full workshop. There was the sound of loud footsteps on the stairs as Darcy appeared, her hand held against the brick wall for balance.
Steve wouldn’t say he was obsessed when it came to the people he cared about, but he was definitely thorough. He liked to know as much as possible about them, not necessarily to do anything with that knowledge, but just to be aware. His crew was his family, and having a member of that so blatantly holding back a part of themselves was frustrating.
“Captain,” Natasha’s voice cut through any further conversation with Bruce, and Steve moved over to where she was loitering at the entrance to the medical bay. She stepped back into a small hallway, probably housing rooms for families, and Steve followed her. She glanced around to make sure they were alone, before speaking.
“This close to the Core?” Bruce asked, reaching up to finally fix his glasses as he stepped further into the bridge, eyes on the window.
Tony smiled; feeling a tiny bit of the tension that had been coiled in his shoulders relax for the first time in months. They sat in silence, the house quiet around them, only the distant sounds of the Malibu beach reaching their ears.
“I know Father put you in charge of us if something, if something happened,” he swallowed hard against the sudden tightening of his throat. “Don’t send Darcy away to boarding school like he wanted to, please,” Tony looked up at the man, his own tears finally springing to his eyes.
Good, strong and kind, Steve. Tony knew he’d always had the luck of a cat, landing on his feet as many times as he had in his short life, but there was nothing in all the ‘verse that could have prepared him for meeting Steve and his crew all those months ago on Stattgart. He’d gotten into plenty of bar fights before, his mouth two steps ahead of his brain at times, but he’d never had someone help him. Yinsen had always left him to his drink by the time he became outspoken, and the rest of the time he’d been alone. People didn’t tend to involve themselves in other peoples’ dramas, especially where liquor was involved.
“So, you’re the infamous Loki Silver-tongue,” Tony offered a sharp grin to the quiet man. “I’ve heard a lot about you.”
“I’ll ask him to get ones with aliens on them next time. Big green ones with only one eye and lots of arms,” Tony threw his arms into the air to demonstrate, chest swelling with happiness when she giggled and clapped her hands together with delight.
Dragging his eyes away from staring into the Dark, people who did that for too long went mad, Steve focused on pulling himself along the side of the cargo bay so that he could access what had once been the inside of it. The com in his ear crackled to life and he glanced awkwardly to his side, the helmet of his suit obstructing much of his view, to see Thor coming up next to him.
He didn’t know what had crawled into Tony’s breakfast, but he had a ship to run, not a popularity contest to win. There had to be some credits they could invest into better equipment for the ship and a new window, perhaps even some fresh food rather than the usual protein packs they had as a bit of a treat for the crew. Planeta Stark was the closest planet that would have everything they needed, it made sense to go there. No one, as far as Steve knew, had any priors that would come back to bite them on the ass while on planet, so it should be perfect.
“Of course, everythin’ taken care of?” He checked as he released his death grip on the railing and followed her at a perfectly sedate pace, no jerky movements to be found.
When Tony still failed to respond, Steve moved towards him, worried that there might actually be something physically wrong with him. People carried all kinds of strange things in their luggage, had something sharp caught Tony when he’d fallen and he was silent because he didn’t want the rest of the crew to know?
“The ship? But, I was to engage in barter with the city folk,” Thor complained, but Steve ignored him, knowing that he would do as asked despite the complaints
“Please, let her stay with me. I can’t - I can’t stand the thought of her so far away now that she’s all that I have left. Please, I’ll do anything you want me to do with the company and those designs you’ve been asking me about, the ones that’ll make dad’s missiles more aerodynamic, I’ll get to working on them right away. Just-” he hugged Darcy to his chest tighter, pressing his face into her hair and just breathing in deeply for a moment. Her familiar smell bringing the comfort of home to him.
“This is good, just as good, I’m sure. Darcy, you’re a wonderful baker,” Steve said, shooting Tony a reprimanding frown.
“Can I remind you that I’m the business savvy adult here?” he shot her an affectionately exasperated look, but conceded to her request. “It went as well as it ever would, I’m sure Pepper will give me a gold star for it and everything,” he rolled his eyes.
Rhodey looked like the offered names were slugs Tony was asking him to eat. Then his eyes flickered down to Darcy for a moment, a small smile lighting his face at the sight of her hand still in Tony’s.
The two wandered about the festival, commenting on the abundance of food set up on tables, the farmers of the planet showing off the best of their crops for the year. At one point they passed a man with what looked like a pair of giant tongs, cooking fresh corn five at a time on an open flame, the smell of slightly charred corn filling the area around him.
“S’ve?” Tony tried to get his mouth working, blinking dust from his eyes and trying to force his thoughts into something of an orderly fashion.
The Helicarrier really was a thing of beauty; Tony would flat out call someone on their lie if they said otherwise. Tucking away his suit in the area he had designed just for this specific purpose, he’d known SHIELD would need to call him in eventually and there was no reason for him to use the crummy, cramped SHIELD recruits’ storage area. He stepped out of the room and wasn’t entirely surprised to find Phil waiting in the corridor for him.
“So, you are a man with something worth fighting for,” Yinsen said quietly, and Tony knew he was right.
“Oh,” Tony said softly, a small wicked smile quirking the corner of his mouth, brown eyes alight with humour. “Oh, I like you. If I give you a pay rise will you let me call you Pepper? I swear, it’s not me making fun of you or anything. I just really liked your pepper spray ninja trick, is all. I even got the security footage of it, if you’d like a copy to immortalise the moment?” he offered.
“Natasha is busy. We’re the only ones up here,” Tony finished, more dramatically then he’d intended, but willing to roll with it.
“Thanks, Tony, for letting me spend some time down here. It’s really… amazing,” Steve said sincerely, eyes once more trailing over the various bits and pieces in the workshop. “I, uh, I don’t want to impose, but, I’d really appreciate it if we could do this again, sometime. I mean, as long as it’s not interrupting you or anything,” Steve said, voice painfully hopeful.
Decision made, Steve turned away from the room and hurried past the infirmary and into the cargo hold, taking the steps up the catwalk three at a time. He sprinted though the dining room and front corridor past the crew bunks, before bursting into the bridge. Clint was tense at the controls, madly flicking and turning switches and buttons on the panel while Natasha stood behind him, eyes locked on one of the screens showing the USC ship’s approach.
“God, you’re so good to me. It’s like heaven and Nirvana got together and had a baby of pure bliss. I would marry the person who discovered the coffee bean and thought to make a drink out of it in a heartbeat,” Tony rambled away happily, eyes shut as he leaned a hip against the counter to fully enjoy his drink.
“See you later, boys, don’t destroy anything while I’m away,” Tony called out to the bots, who dutifully beeped and whirled in response, Dummy dropping the blender he was holding as if on cue. Tony and Steve pretended not to notice and stepped into the elevator.
didn’t name him. He was listening to me talking to Darcy and he latched onto the word,” Tony shrugged innocently. It wasn’t his fault that the bot had picked that word to respond to.
A part of Steve wanted to take Tony up to his own quarters, to help him down the ladder and lay him out on his bed where he could press against him and let the excitement of the day lull him to sleep.
He wasn’t quite sure how, but Tony had managed to get a fair amount of dishwater over both the front and back of his black singlet, making the material cling to his back muscles in a way that was frankly delicious. His dark denim jeans were as tight as ever, streaked with black oil stains from when Tony had been down in the workshop before, half a handprint visible on his right ass cheek. That half a handprint was definitely a key factor in why Steve felt so warm all over, his own right hand twitching slightly with the desire to cover the half done stain with his own hand, feel the tight flesh underneath the material and squeeze it.
“I can call you something else if you like; how about sugar-plumb? Honey-pie? Bambi?” Tony grinned, amused with himself.
Steve blinked at him for a moment, before realisation struck him and a large grin crept across his face.
Finally, after a few minutes, he pushed open a door and found the crates of supplies he’d been looking for. A glance told him they had hardly been used, the ship hadn’t even been near any planets, let alone one fit for colonisation. Stepping into the room, he looked around carefully, the small laser gun he’d pulled from his waist holster now tightly held in his hand.
Steve only managed a quick order for everyone to be back by sunset, before Tony had slipped into the crowded streets of the port with a vague hand wave to acknowledge he’d heard. Despite his issues with stopping on Palneta Stark, he still continued his habit of losing the rest of the crew within the first five minutes of being on planet. Steve nodded vaguely to the others, confident that they would be able to sort out the ships various needs with little difficulty, before he discretely followed behind Tony.
The words spewed forth from Rogers’ mouth were hurtful, designed to hit their target dead-on, no missing at all. Tony could say with complete honesty, he wasn’t a fan of having his dark thoughts put in the spot light.
“Hey, guys, I think we’ve got more than just Doom out here,” Clint said, gaining the attention of his fellow Avengers from where he was squinting down at the radar image.
Steve glanced back at Clint, who seemed to have noticed the attention and had frozen in a rather suspicious manner.
“It’s Tony, actually. And you, dear sir, are apparently mayor of crazy town. Now that our introductions have been made, how about you give up and come quietly?” Tony offered, stalling for the rest of the team to get there, quietly hoping that Jarvis would be able to detect some kind of weakness within the man that Tony could exploit. All the hud screen currently showed was a strange energy emanating from the pendent around the man’s neck.
He glanced back to the grave – because that’s what this was – the notebook once more buried beneath rocks, the site blending in with the other graves.
“So, where are you from, Tony?” Bruce finally spoke up, looking slightly amused at the man’s antics.
they would find each other as soon as Tony fucked out of the picture. He doesn’t blame them. He can’t -- he gets it.
Why was Harley at the shelter alone? Did he not have to go to school? He hadn’t even seemed like he was going to leave any time soon when Peter (so,
hopefully that moved you. if it didn't, i have nothing to say to you. if it did, here are some ways you can help.
OH IMPORTANT EDIT i fucked up this chapter with like... what day it is n stuff lmfao i might have edited it but i might have Not. it's friday and tmrw (when ****** and ***** plan to hang out) is saturday
, and he throws himself into the arms of a laughing James Rhodes. In his peripheral vision, he sees Steve and the half-assed Keanu Reeves impersonator pull each other in for a super manly bro-hug.
“I know you think this is like, the worst thing ever, but it’s not. We’re saving up for a good place. A better place. I’m not upset or bitter or anything, Dad, but I - I kinda miss you. We used to eat breakfast together, but now you work after school, so you do all the prep and grading before school, so I never see you anymore.” Peter blushed at his admission, like he didn’t mean for it to come out that way but the words barrelled through his lips before he could stop them.
Peter laughed, but Ned decidedly did not. “You scare me,” he said, voice so deadpan Peter knew he wasn’t lying. That only made Peter laugh more. “Dude,” Ned hissed at him. “She’s scary.”
Eventually, Peter was only a foot away from it, and as soon as he was able, he reached out to grab the donut swiftly, but before his fingers even brushed against it, another kid’s nimble hands snatched it away. He looked up at them with a surprised, even betrayed stare, and a pout formed over his lips. He opened his mouth to speak, but blinked in confusion as he studied the floppy haired boy in front of him.
“No, Bucky, not at all.” He rushed forward, put his hands on both of Bucky’s biceps. Bucky’s eyes flicker back up to meet his own. “You’re the best. Seriously. Peter says that you’re a god amongst mere men. I think that’s like, high praise.” Bucky laughed, and it was wetter than Steve wanted it to be, but he thought anyway,
. Not that he was disappointed, and he says as much: “I really thought you were gonna be like, a stripper or something, ‘cause you were
Pretty much immediately, Steve found an opening to teach lessons at Color Me Mine. It was part time and minimum wage, but it was better than nothing. He still got some benefits and money from the VA, and those two, combined with his teaching, would make him enough money to get them a new apartment by the end of the month. Briefly, he toyed with the idea of buying them a house, but he wasn’t sure they could afford the
“Hey!” She peeled her face away from her book and narrowed her eyes at Peter. “Don’t bring me into this,” she said in a low voice, but her lips were twisting into some sort of a smile. Peter giggled.
The man laughs, his soft expression morphing into something even friendlier, glittering with amusement. “That’s nice,” he says, and anyone else would make it sound so disingenuous, but there’s insistence in his voice that tells Tony he means it. “Sorry, then. For bothering you.”
Tony laughs. “Oh yeah,” he agrees, already pulling out his phone, shooting a little prayer to God inside his head and saying a silent thank you for introducing Tony to a pretty blond artist on this fine Thursday morning. “And it’d be really bad if I gave it to you, wouldn’t it?”
wrong, Dad. And, besides, the first apartment building burned down and the third was literally the grossest place ever. We’ve only been
But then, Tony’s stomach drops, his guts twisting and turning and tying themselves into knots, and he remembers that this could be a goodbye. It’s not like Steve and him were having this monumental, once-in-a-lifetime conversation, but Steve is gentle and quiet and sweet in a way that makes Tony crave
“You do that every time too,” Bucky pointed out, and Steve knew as much, but he’d rather they both just pretend that wasn’t the case. “You always promise we’ll talk about it, but you avoid talking about it until the morning you’re already packed up and driving away.”
Tony looked at Steve more closely. He could only see half of his face, since the other half was smushed into the floor, but that half did look like he was enjoying himself. He was smiling rather dopily and Tony made a mental note to be nice and not to mention that to Steve once this was over. When he looked back up at the hermit it seemed like the man had flickered. As if the TV had been tuned to a different channel while Tony checked out Steve and had been changed back at the last moment. Tony considered the fact that the hermit might not be an actual hermit.
Dinner is... okay. Steve feels awkward and torn, and has to occasionally tamp down his urges, but Tony is good at filling silences, even if he eyes Steve sharply from time to time. By the time they're done, Steve feels almost back to normal.
Normally, this isn't an issue. Lots of people use the road to walk their dogs. So does Steve on the days Gwenna seems to want more than just a cool spot to sleep in. Groups of retired people use it, loaded up with high tech water bottles and floppy hats and ski poles. They seem to take their hiking as seriously as their previous jobs. There's the rare tourist that has wandered out of San Francisco on some quest to walk around the entire bay. And mountain bikers, quite a few of those. But that is pretty much it. A couple of times a year city workers come with large noisy machines to redo the fire breaks, and the rest of time Steve just gets to enjoy the sunsets that bathe the hills in rosy colors and the smell of fennel. But now there is a beat up trailer parked on the side of the access road.
He felt Tony's skeptical look more than he could see it, so he barreled on. “Yeah, yeah, I know that's not what I said when we first met. Mea culpa, mea maxima culpa. I am a cranky old codger if you wake me up from a 70 year long nap, okay.” Not wanting to hear Tony's response, he let him go and nodded at the corpse like armor. “Do you need another moment, or can we start planning how to get you home before the arc reactor gives out completely?”
When his anger had burned itself out with only the embers of 'why am I so fucking pathetic?' still glowing fiercely, he found himself working on Steve's suit for longer and longer periods of time. He realized that he was about to slide into a funk so deep he wasn't sure he was ever going to crawl back out. Steve wasn't dead, for Christ's sake. Steve wasn't even lost. Steve might even be a possibility if Tony could manage to pull his head out of his ass and convince Steve that he needed to be with Tony. But Steve needed to be free to make that choice and he wasn't. And that reminded Tony that Steve's superiors owed him a shit load of money. It was time to grow a fucking pair and do what he could do. So he stopped updating his security system and waited for Nick Fury to show up.
"Probably," admitted Steve. "But you can't walk. We can try other options, but this seems the most practical one."
would have been nice. You know he established a fund to keep financing those expeditions after he died? As far as I know they're still looking." They ran in silence for a minute, while Steve tried to process the fact that on one hand he really had Howard to thank for being alive, but that on the other he wanted to punch the guy for being such an utter failure as Tony's father. And making Steve complicit in that failure. He could not think of anything to say. Then Tony continued: "I believed my father, about being better off not being sentimental, for a couple of decades. And then I figured out that nothing good ever came of trying to keep people from caring..... And by the way, your Oz analogies suck."
is what you’re worried about? Not that we’ll be on the front page of the Daily Prophet in the morning? Doing
"You're not hurt," Steve whispered finally. Tony shook his head mutely. Steve swallowed hard and closed his eyes, which should have broken the spell, but Tony wouldn't have moved away even if the tree behind him had burst into flame. Then Steve leaned forward and rested his forehead against Tony's and Tony closed his eyes too. His hand came up, almost of its own accord, and came to rest on the back of Steve's neck.
Tony looked from Thor to Steve, who smiled a small smile at him. “I thought we’d agreed you shouldn’t aspire to martyrdom?” he berated Tony, nonetheless.
He'd requested to Skype Tony so many times now, but he'd gotten turned down each and every time. When, in desperation, he'd requested to speak to Clint and later even Fury, they'd turned that down too. Steve himself was 'classified' now and apparently they didn't trust him to stay that way if had any more contact with people who weren't 'need to know'. He didn't know any other way of reaching Tony. It was maddening and infuriating, and it kept him awake at night.
"Your brother is a king? King Arthur?” Tony whirled around to face her. “Tell me he is not the king of Camelot." That had to be a joke.
"Good thing we managed to avoid that then. Let's change back into Del and Corbin's shirts." He dug into his pack and handed Steve the mint green polo he'd been wearing that morning. Steve pulled the 'I heart NY' shirt over his head, but his head got stuck in the collar. It really was too small. He struggled, and got his arms out, but his head would not budge. He could hear Tony laugh.
So here he was, tagging along with a bunch of taciturn Danes who slept and swept the seafloor with sonar in twelve hours shifts and didn't do much for relaxation besides drinking heavily and talking about Danish reality tv. Or something. Tony didn't speak much Danish, and the crew's ability to remember to speak English when Tony was present was inversely correlated to the amount of alcohol they had consumed.
Galahad was in bad shape. The tusk had missed the artery in his groin, or else he'd be dead by now, but he was bleeding profusely. The others joined Steve, looking down at the boy. Tristan shook his head morosely and Gareth Pretty Hands bowed his head and started murmuring a quiet prayer. Gritting his teeth in annoyance, Steve ripped a strip of linen from his under tunic and started fastening a tourniquet above the gaping wound.
Whenever he approached a keep or castle, the gates and shutters would slam closed and the few times he'd flown over the walls and landed in the courtyard to ask some questions, he'd been showered in arrows and, on one memorable occasion, boiling oil. It had taken him forever to clean it off the armor.
It was early on a Saturday evening at De Wijnhaven when Tony was 20 years old that Pim, the owner, called down to the beer cellar, where Tony had just changed a keg.
Steve nodded gravely. "It's a good thing you're doing. I'm sure you'll wow them. If it helps I could lift a motorcycle with some of those girls on it, or punch out Hitler for you?"
“Look at you,” croons Tony, “you're so fucking eager. I love how eager you are. But I bet you're tight. I bet you're
He couldn’t tell his sweet, innocent, baby sister that the only times he could remember their mother touching him was a tossup between when they’d been at a press conference for Howard and she’d placed a hand on his shoulder briefly in a show of support for the camera. Or that time in the kitchen when she’d pulled him from the room when Howard and Uncle Obie had been arguing about work and recreational financial commitments.
“Not from around here, are you?” She raised an eyebrow at them. “Come on, I can show you to the med tent and they can put somethin' on it,” she offered, head tilting away from the bonfire.
Steve figured out fairly swiftly that when Tony was wondering around with a small, frustrated little frown on his face, that he would happily take up any kind of cleaning job available to him.
“Oh no,” he leaned forward to grab one of the glass tablets and linked onto the phone call so that he could see her. His eyes narrowed as they took in her oddly dusty appearance. “What exactly have you gotten yourself into?” he demanded.
“You’re in bed. You looked like death warmed over when I saw you, so I thought a few hours couldn’t hurt,” Pepper’s familiar voice came from the window. Looking around, he saw her still sitting in the large chair, a Starkpad in hand and her hair almost on fire in the early afternoon sun.
“Come on, Steve,” Tony looked over to him, an arm linking them together as he lead him towards the flames.
“I thought…” Steve started, now looking embarrassed and like he was backtracking, the hand leaving Tony’s and moving to run through his hair, blue eyes darting to the side.
“We’re in the sky in five, people,” he said, before releasing the button and turning to look at Tony.
“Look, Tony,” Steve sighed and ran a hand down his face before he reached out and clasped Tony’s shoulder.
- and how Coulson had shown up and confiscated all of Doctor Foster’s research and Darcy’s StarkPlayer.
“Oh. I hope you didn’t stay up because I was, you know,” he made a tilting gesture with his hand to convey ‘using you as my personal pillow’. “You could have just pushed me off. You didn’t have to, like, stay and let me potentially drool on you,” Tony chuckled awkwardly, relief filling him as he realised that, no, he hadn’t drooled on Captain America, the people’s hero. Thank god.
Steve had just assumed that it had to do with the man’s ridiculous secrets that seemed to be catching up with him wherever they went in the ‘verse. But, what if the reason he hadn’t wanted to come here wasn’t to do with his past, but his present? He had to consider that it might have been the crew themselves that Tony had been trying to keep away from the planet.
“Oh, wonderful. I can do whatever I like in the mansion now that I don’t need to worry about my sister being in the kitchen at midnight when I’m half awake and seeking coffee in the nude,” Tony said cheerfully, suppressing his own remembered awkwardness when that had happened, the pitch of Darcy’s shriek should be bottled and used to take out enemy foes. Tony had claimed to be half deaf for the next week, much to Pepper’s annoyance and Darcy’s continued embarrassment.
“It was one time!” Tony groaned, remembering a particularly celebrity stuck individual who had, indeed, gotten a bit light headed around him.
“Out of curiosity, why blueberry?” Steve asked, putting down his paper and patiently waiting for Tony to finish stealing the top three.
Humiliation clawed at his stomach as he realised he’d been right. They had heard. Every pathetic, snivelling sound that had come out of his mouth. Everything the Steve of his imagination had said to him. What was he supposed to do now that they knew the truth?
It wasn’t often that they ran into a friend in their travels, it would be cruel of him to separate them so soon.
The mechanic was frozen for a moment, before his hands slid up Steve’s chest, one hand twining into the hair at the base of Steve’s neck, while the other hand clamped down on his shoulder as though a preemptive measure so Steve couldn’t pull away.
The familiar, exasperated sigh that Rhodey seemed to have developed just for Tony when he was being ridiculous, made the grin on Tony’s face gain some realism.
The moment was ruined when Clint walked into the room, took one look at Tony and the comment was already leaving his lips before he’d made it to the fridge. Steve was only vaguely aware that the paper crinkled under the strength of his grip.
“Well,” Tony forced his body to relax and slump casually. “I’ve had enough practice, I’ve been doing this since I was a teenager,” he shrugged.
Okay, Tony was a genius. He could see what she wasn’t saying. In the insane universe that they lived in, where the people in this room loved and appreciated their own version of the robodog - him.
“So, thank you, big brother. For making my life amazing. Thank you, Tony, for being the incredible person that you are. We don’t say it enough, but you are so loved by me, and Pepper, and Rhodey. And now you have a new family, one that loves you and accepts you and any faults you think you have, unconditionally,” Darcy said softly.
What did Fury know, anyway? The man was not to be trusted at the best of times, let alone for what Tony was pretty sure would quickly turn into ‘pick on Tony’ time.
“Tiberius and I knew each other a long time ago. I’m not convinced that if he saw me today, he wouldn’t immediately recognise who I was.”
“Well, I wouldn’t want to miss out on that entertainment,” Steve offered, pushing away his empty cup and moving to stand.
like that. Steve was morning kisses on the top of his head as Tony tried not to drown himself in his coffee cup. He was gentle hands to the small of Tony’s back when they were going somewhere, not pushing him, but encouraging and reassuring Tony with his presence. He was large smiles and deep rumbling laughter that always made Tony feel warm inside. It was snuggling on the couch while watching TV - to the point where Darcy had bought herself a bean bag off the Internet that had little dancing Hulk's on it, and abandoned the duo to the three-seater couch - while fighting off Clint when he tried to steal said bean bag. He was holding hands on top of the table while they were having dinner with the team and a steady shield when the teasing started. Dating Steve was small, affectionate bushes of lips against lips which devolved quickly into passionate make out sessions and shy touches.
There was a brief moment where Tony was clearly still mostly out of it as he rubbed his cheek against Steve’s chest, a protesting murmur coming from him, too slurred for Steve to clearly make out.
“It’s amazing, Darc,” he said, clearing his throat in the hopes of dislodging whatever had gotten stuck in it.
The only one who had immediately taken him up on a room was Bruce, who was reluctant to return to SHIELD, and missed working plumbing. Bruce was currently sitting pretty in a penthouse in New York that Tony owned while the Tower itself was undergoing repairs and revamps for the new floors.
“Ready?” Steve asked, looking back at Thor who hefted his gun and pointed it at the door, ready for anything that may await them on the other side.
He had thought, maybe, that his father would be prompted to comfort him. But that thought was short lived as Tony had watched from the shadows of the stairs two days after his mother’s passing, the late edition of the New York Times that had broken the news still sitting on the small entry way table, a photograph of Maria Stark in pride of place on the cover.
Sweet, kind, determined Steve. Even in Tony’s make-believe world the super soldier would never have looked Tony’s way. Some things, it seemed, not even a broken, fiction creating mind could make real.
“Darcy said that if you refuse she’ll make Jarvis play a movie titled Magic Mike on repeat down in the workshop until you give in. I take it, with how much you dislike magic, that’s a powerful incentive?” Steve asked, completely clueless about the movies lack of magic, but the careful and elaborate removal of clothing to songs.
Leaning forward so that he could reach the intercom button, he jabbed at it with more force than was strictly necessary.
“Okay, we’ve filled your quota for stupid, can we find that compression core and get of this hunk of rock now?” Clint bitched.
Steve stared at Tony from the bed in one of the spare passenger bunks on the ship. With the help of Thor, Steve had strong-armed Tony into a wooden chair in the room, his hands tied behind his back and duct tape silencing his extremely loud complaints. Thor had taken up the space beside the door, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed over his chest in a way that made his biceps appear particularly large. There was something not quite right with this situation, a normal passenger would have been at least a little bit upset that they had just left a planet amid laser shots and clearly illegal activity.
“Well, ain’t that somethin’?” Steve muttered, coming further into the room so that he could rest a hand on the back of Clint’s chair and peer through the glass.
Atlantis was the most beautiful of Aquamarine’s cities, with great spiralling towers reminiscent of the coral that rose from its seabed, the pastel coloured buildings only added to the effect. While near the entry point of the city there was a fresh seafood market designed to highlight the best samples of food the city had to offer, the further into the city one went, the more attention had been spent on making it look like a coral reef. Steve, himself, had only been some little ways into the city before, but even just staying in the outskirts, it was unlike any planet he’d ever seen before.
“Do you like it?” Darcy asked, dragging his attention away from where he had been happily running a hand over You’s camera box, as Dummy contentedly held onto the hem of his tank top. Looking over, he saw Darcy had gained her own affectionate bot; Butterfinger’s was nudging into her hand like a particularly insisted cat demanding pets.
“Ain’t you scrub up well?” Tony’s voice teased from where he stood, posture relaxed as he lent against the air lock wall.
“My sister,” Tony glanced back at the doctor. “Darcy. She’s a huge fan of yours. She even decided to go to Culver because you were a professor there before, well, everything. She was pretty disappointed when she missed out on your return,” he snorted with laughter. “But, I suppose, she got to meet Thor instead, so she couldn’t complain too much,” he once again glanced over to Bruce, slightly amused by the odd look on Bruce’s face, before offering him a reassuring smile.
Why was it that the moment he’d finally found something good, a way that he could make a real difference, he was faced with imminent death? He wasn’t a religious man by any stretch of the imagination, but he had believed he’d gotten the arc reactor for a reason, that he’d gone through the hell that was Afghanistan and Stane’s betrayal to come out stronger on the other side. His life now had a clear direction and when the time came, he could leave a legacy to Darcy that she could be proud of.
But sitting here on a comfy couch, warm thanks to the live furnace beside him, and senses dulled by the drone of the television and the occasional murmur or ripple of laughter. Tony felt… safe.
to tell me how you feel,” Traveller looked gleeful, but Natasha, unwilling to take any chances, moved faster than Tony’s still muddled mind could track and struck him hard across the face with her gun, effectively knocking him out.
“Get. Up,” she brought her hands down on his blanket covered stomach, causing him to let out an ‘ouf’ of air. The bed dipped as she leaned up onto it, before he felt the tell-tale breathing near his ear. So, help him god, if she yelled right now, he’d-
“You are the best thing I could have ever had in my life. I got to have the most amazing childhood because you were there, doing everything you could to make me happy. You were my brother, my parental figure, and my best friend. You went to every one of my school events, you patched up all my scraped knees and you always, always,
“Hmm,” Steve bit his tongue at the idea of harvest gods, but the amused look on Tony’s face said he’d heard him anyway.
“I also thought it might be best to give you some time to work out how you’re going to apologize to Steve for being hard to get along with.”
“Pepper said no,” Tony grumbled, a frown crossing his face even years after the refusal. Owning a coffee factory would have been awesome.
“You almost died two months ago,” she reached out and gave his hand a brief squeeze. “I know you say you’re ‘fine’, I just worry about your
Still, old and small as a Skiff was, it was more than a match for The Avenger if they caught up to them.
“Nick,” Steve said, a bit of the past soldier in him slipping into his voice and straightening his spine.
Tony shifted closer to her, wrapping an arm around her shoulders and pulling her into his chest, Dummy now awkwardly sandwiched between them.
“Go find some poor soul who’ll take you on for those credits I know you’re still missing!” he called at her retreating back with a real smile on his face.
When they’d burst into that room and found Tony standing over the body of the head of SG, Steve had never been so relieved that they hadn’t burst into the opposite scene.
“Captain, any attempts to resist boarding or trying to flee will result in an automatic arrest warrant generation.”
It had been years since Darcy had mentioned Jarvis – the human, Jarvis – around new people. Sure, Rhodey and Pepper both knew about the man who was more of a father to the Stark kids’ then their blood one. Every year, on Jarvis’s birthday, the duo would make the trek out to the cemetery and visit his gravestone, sharing the years’ news with the old English gentleman.
A small, raised platform with a simple thatch roof held up by four wooden pillars, held a group of musicians playing a jaunty jig, one of them with a string instrument was practically dancing as she played.
Tony was pretty sure Steve wasn’t trying to be intimidating, but the significant difference in their heights while Tony was seated and Steve standing at just over 6ft, caused the genius to tense further.
Ariel was a beautiful planet, of that no one in the entire ‘verse would argue. It was the capital of art and culture for the Core planets, and boasted some of the most beautiful architecture that Steve had ever seen. The towering buildings were all carved in white stone, with massive windows with real glass creating a reflective surface that made them shine brilliantly in the sky.
Steve carefully pushed himself along the wreckage towards the man, he didn’t want to push too hard and end up floating off in zero-gravity space, it would be a pain in the ass to get back to the ship without a point to propel himself off of.
Tony glanced at him before returning to staring out the window of the town car, Happy opting for a more discrete mode of transport as it was only Tony he was picking up.
“Thor! Faster!” Steve yelled, relying mostly on Natasha’s ability to shoot with precision as he was mostly out of commission thanks to holding onto the mechanic and trying to keep his balance.
“Celebrate what?” Tony asked, years of experience telling him that his sister was about to unleash some kind of mayhem on his life.
Returning to Planeta Stark was definitely not something he thought he’d ever do, in fact it had been pretty high up on his list of things to never do. However, Tony had figured he’d have a good few hours to look around before Steve’s curfew of sundown hit and he’d have to be back on the ship, hopefully in time for them to get off the planet without a problem.
“Now, Mr Stark, you’ve had another one of your episodes, do you remember? We were in the middle of a lunch-time conversation when you reacted violently, throwing your food,” Traveller explained slowly.
Tony grunted to show he’d heard Steve, but wasn’t planning on moving from where he was fiddling with a communicator’s insides on his workshop bench.
“What the fuck!” He cried out, struggling in vain as he twisted his head as far as possible to try and see who was holding him with a superhuman strength.
“This is a ridiculous reason to base your education on,” he griped, determined not to give in to the big green eyes that once more filled the screen.
“Dammit, Stark, I do not have time for your issues with authority today,” Fury’s voice came out of unseen speakers and filled the kitchen.
“You’re really serious about this Avengers thing, aren’t you?” she asked, before heaving a great sigh and wrapping him up in a hug he automatically returned, confused.
“Don’t mind him, he’s a little hungover,” Tony turned the phone back so that he could see his sister properly.
“No, we’re not,” Steve agreed, before turning back to Tony. “Let’s go to the med tent just incase, alright?”
“He,” Tony corrected, voice firm. Steve glanced at him for a moment before nodding slightly and turning his attention back to the bot and reaching out a hand to gently touch his claw.
“You sure seem to know your way around hagglin’,” Steve said, mind turning over the questions he really wanted to ask.
“Okay, what about we get some pizza? I’ll even let you pick the toppings,” Tony winked outrageously at her, causing a giggling fit to start.
“How does it look?” Darcy asked, the small image of her showing an anticipatory smile on the hud screen before him.
Stane had to die. There was no other logical way around it. Tony had done the math, ran the numbers, and this was the only outcome that kept both Darcy and Pepper safe.
Only, it wasn’t just the Dark outside, there was space debris before them, something that looked suspiciously like what had once been a space craft. Parts of the ship were definitely missing, but the general shape of a hull was there, along with what looked like half a cargo hold that was spinning lazily in a circle.
Tony spotted Clint sitting before the large TV in the lounge room and felt the familiar engineering thrill at the prospect of finalising a prototype. Making a beeline for the couch Clint had claimed, Tony plopped down onto the seat beside him and reached for the archers’ arm, intending to pull it close so that he could fit the new wrist brace that he’d completed onto it.
Reaching him, she took the mostly empty cup off him before setting a gentle hand on his upper arm and pulling him towards the elevator. She swiped up a piece of toast from the large plate piled high with semi-burnt bread on the table as they passed and, before Tony knew it, the doors were closing on them in the elevator.
For a moment, the two just stood staring at each other, before Jane pulled back a hand and slapped Thor across the face.
It had been almost a week since the bots had arrived at the Tower, and Tony had spent most of that time making sure that they were transitioning well to the move. He’d had to make up new charging stations for them; the ones in Malibu were built into the very walls and impractical to move. Thankfully, with three overeager bots to help him out, and Darcy chatting away from the couch about what she wanted for her ‘sister of the century’ party, Tony had managed to get everything done fairly quickly. He had even, amazingly, managed to get a decent night’s sleep, so he felt almost high on energy. He had migrated to the kitchen when promised blueberry pancakes by Bruce, who’d been landed with cooking duty.
He waited patiently while she attempted to mimic the shape of his hand, succeeding more in sticking all but her pointer finger out. Tony obligingly linked his pinky with hers, giving them a brief bop in the air before releasing them. She nodded as if she understood the seriousness of the moment, before her hand moved to her mouth and a thumb slipped between her lips. Tony knew that Miss Mac was trying to break her of the habit, their father having deemed it unacceptable behaviour of a Stark, but Tony couldn’t bring himself to tell her off for it when she’d just been so upset.
“Yes, you said that, but what kind of cake is it?” Clint asked as Natasha began cutting up the vanilla sponge and Steve held out plates for her to put the precisely portioned pieces on.
“Where are we headed now, Captain? Please, say it ain’t another water planet,” Clint said, bits of the tempura falling from his mouth onto the table.
There were many things in Tony’s life that he regretted, that he’d been angry about and even felt depressingly sad over. But, the sight of his name inscribed upon the side of that weapon, was one of the worst feelings he’d ever experienced. The sheer betrayal that twisted his insides into a hard ball of iron was enough to distract him from the very real danger he was in for a precious few seconds.
The baleful look Clint shot her was almost worth listening to the duos conversation. Steve, however, had more pressing things to concern himself with, namely why it was that Tony had insisted on stopping here and where he was going right now.
Tony hated those things. He had seen one up close when wandering around the Helicarrier once, apparently, it had been appropriated after a battle with the Fantastic Four at some point. It was poorly made and clearly worked off of a hive mind. Seriously, Tony could have made something better than that in his sleep.
“For the record, though, I don’t think I like you spending so much time with Darcy,” he added. There was only one person in the Tower who could possibly think that teaching Captain America how to guilt Tony into doing things was a fun idea for passing the time.
“Go to the bridge and increase our speed towards Planeta Stark, I want to be there by early afternoon,” Steve walked past him, pointedly ignoring the sniggering that followed him.
“Captain?” Bruce’s voice was quiet as he stepped up beside him, both of them looking through the window.
, and seriously, if the bad guys were going to give themselves self-appointed titles, couldn’t they think of something better and less cliché? They’d mostly only heard about Doom from SHEILD reports and what they’d seen on the news, never having battled him themselves before.
The doctor appeared at the top of the catwalk, no doubt having been up in the control room with Clint while the two had waited for the rest of the crew to return.
“Natasha,” he grunted. His head was still sore from the day before and he'd been quite happily indulging in feeling sorry for himself in private.
“Tony!” A sudden voice cut through the pounding of Tony’s heart in his ears. There was a squishing sound and the Zombie fell to the ground, dead.
The man barely looked any older than the last time Tony had seen him, smiling and suggesting Tony head to the party before him, to escort their
“What can I do for you, Cap?” Tony asked, still patting Dummy in a way he would later deny was reminisce of Doctor Evil in Austen Powers - not that the other man would understand the reference when he’d never actually seen the movies.
Leaning back slightly from where he was finalising the code for his beta test AI robot, Tony idly scratched at his cheek with a blunt fingernail.
“I’ll have to go home and make some more pickaxes…” He eyed his precious cargo. “Better take this, last thing I need in some moron trying to rob me.” Tony pulled out his sword; frowning slightly at the small cracks he could see beginning to form along its iron blade.
“Doesn’t matter. Press conferences make Darcy nervous, and a nervous Darcy bakes - a lot,” Tony pushed anything not to do with the soon to be consumed sweets from his mind.
“My friend – the doctor, Yinsen – he was able to put together a crude magnet that was powered by one of the spare engine cells. Once I was well – no – better?” he paused for a moment before continuing. “Movin'. Once I was movin’ again, I made a proper energy source to keep the shrapnel from enterin’ my heart and killin’ me.”
From the little Steve had been able to glean, Bruce was concerned about the effects of having disease ridden livestock onboard a ship whose residents almost exclusively breathed recycled air. Tony had said something back, which - judging from his facial expression - meant he was eager to try and tackle the potential problem.
Steve sent him a knowing smile, and Tony really had to re-evaluate his idea of Steve being some kind of mind reader because seriously, every time?
“I think it’s great,” Darcy said, earlier insecurities apparently banished from her mind. Fearlessly, she reached out and gave the robot a pat, smile blooming on her face at the way the it leaned into her hand as it had done Tony’s. “If he wants his name to be ‘Dummy’, then we should call him Dummy.”
Steve wasn’t too surprised by that, she had to have a strong backbone to be friends with both Tony and Natasha.
“Of course, it’s working, I built it,” he grinned when she followed him over to the Champagne with a long-suffering sigh.
Tony could still remember that. He’d never seen the Englishman’s face go quite so red. Jarvis had taken away all of Tony’s tools and ordered him to spend the whole day cleaning the mansion, going from room to room with inspections after each one. It hadn’t helped that Darcy had followed after him, her forgotten toys an indicator of which rooms they’d been in.
Tony looked only slightly surprised, finishing his last bite of shrimp and discarding the tail on his plate before he replied.
They were called out into battle with a mad man in a green cloak with a metal mask who called himself
“My name is Tony Stark, I was meant to take over Stark Galactic, but,” his words caught in his throat and he raised his free hand to cover his eyes, breathing in a shaky breath.
Traveller didn’t move, but Steve’s sudden appearance behind Clint and Natasha, uniform dirty and shield held at the ready, distracted Tony. Thor was a second behind him, hair messed and hammer poised to strike.
“Something on your mind, Captain?” he asked, raising an eyebrow and dredging up the familiar show smile to hide how something in his gut twisted under those blue eyes.
“Tony?” Steve asked after a long stretch of silence, the smile dropping from his face and disappointment beginning to creep over it instead.
“Pepper, you never let me have any fun,” he sighed, flopping back in his chair for a dramatic flair.
The bartender leaned back as well, hand slipping casually into his pocket before he set about making a drink for Tony which he deposited on the countertop before moving away to serve someone else.
“Need some help?” Steve’s voice was dry as the Sahara, and though the question was obviously directed at Tony, his eyes didn’t leave Clint.
“Can I help you?” Steve raised his eyebrow, lips twitching upwards. Last he had seen Tony, the man had been sweeping in and out of the kitchen on a mission for coffee and had disappeared back down to the workshop with nothing more but a quick kiss.
“I’m not the great person you all seem to think I am,” he said softly, voice resigned to the exposure of the truth and the imminent resentment and abandonment of all those in the room.
Somewhere in the back of his mind, Tony bid farewell to the idea of having a decent amount of sleep for a change.
Tony made sure she saw the exasperated look on his face as Darcy laughed in the background where she’d sat, hanging over the back of the couch like she was watching an exciting reality TV drama unfold.
Giving a small nod, Tony allowed the man to take his hand and lead him further towards the kitchen. Tony was actually surprised to note that the floor was empty apart from the three of them. He supposed that was mostly due to the early hour, the sun only just creeping over the city's buildings to shine through the Tower's windows.
Steve knew, if he hadn’t already been in love with Tony, that this would be the moment he fell completely, head over heels, mad about the boy, in love.
“Tony, when was the last time you slept?” she asked, walking towards him and ignoring the other Avengers sitting in the room.
“Huh… people,” Tony said, before occupying his mouth with taking another sip of coffee, this time reigning in the sounds and words that built up in the back of his throat at the warm taste of the nectar of the gods. Seriously, how Thor lived without the stuff until his brief stint on Earth in New Mexico, Tony had no idea.
“Exactly! Pepper Potts, mild PA for the charming Tony Stark by day; crime fighting with pepper spray and high heels by night,” he titled his head to the side in consideration, tapping a finger to the side of his chin. “I wonder if that’s a marketable idea?”
“Zombies and spiders and skeletons, oh my.” Tony snorted, knowing by the small huff of breath to his left that Steve was smiling despite the situation.
“Only every day, Sir. He did almost have a meltdown when he heard we were going to be meeting you, Sir,” the soldier offered, and Tony grinned at the familiar tone of fondness he often heard in his own voice when he spoke of Darcy in the soldiers’ voice.
“Ever seen somethin’ like that before?” Steve asked quietly, not taking his eyes from Tony’s sleeping form.
“Oh,” Steve’s indignation upon the part of the bot deflated and Tony couldn’t help but feel fondness for the man grow. Here was a man from the 40’s, where robots were nothing but a distant dream, getting upset on behalf of the electronic creation for having a mean name.
“Without you as the man of iron, there is no Avengers team,” Thor said, voice just booming as usual.
“Alright,” Steve finally said. “I wanna meet your friend before either of you steps foot on me ship, though,” he continued.
The wave had requested for them to pick up some medical supplies on Yurma and deliver them to Eboracum Novum. It was strange cargo, as Yurma was predominantly history buffs and young collage kids looking for a bit of a thrill and dance club experience. Being only just in the Rim meant that it wasn’t difficult to source various types of drugs and alcohol in the underground clubs. Getting the items on and off the planet, however, was a whole black market experience that Steve tended to keep away from. Young people getting high and drunk wasn’t something he cared to involve himself in.
Steve held out a hand automatically, his eyes taking in the details of the red-haired woman he’d witnessed hugging Tony only a few hours ago. Like his brief observation from earlier, she was indeed beautiful, with a small smattering of freckles across her pale nose. Her lips were stained a pale red as they drew up into a smile and stormy blue eyes sparked with intelligence as they sized him up.
“I’m fine!” he said quickly when he saw Steve standing up in concern. “After breakfast or something.”
Note. This ship is not allowed. We found that you are leaving the isolated Tadamori planet. Please turn off the engine and wait for boarding.
“That’s probably a good idea. Send the plans through to the contractors and decorators, will you,” Tony said, saving his work and standing up, back cracking from having been seated for so long.
No one was particular impressed with his announcement, with words like PTSD and mental stability already being whispered behind his back. Tony didn’t really care what anyone else thought. He knew what he was doing was for the best, as long as he had his people in his corner, it was okay. Obie would come around, once he saw the ideas Tony had for the future of SI. They were going to scrap the weapons entirely and move into more commercial markets like phones and tablets. He was going to bring in the big money through new ideas in green technology; saving the planet was a worthy cause, surely.
Once Steve was sure that Tony was out of both earshot and sight, Steve and the others rose to investigate.
Coming up beside Thor, Steve peered at where he’d managed to pull away a twisted sheet of iron, exposing two standard issue travel boxes. Steve grinned and clapped Thor on the shoulder before they each quickly took a box, both of them large enough that, depending on how heavy they were once back on the ship, they might hold something good.
male voice thundered as a heavy-set man with a sparsely haired moustache burst forth from the pub, cheeks flushed with a combination of liquor and anger.
“Who are you, Tony? Normal folk would’ve been mighty concerned about how we were leavin’ Tadamori,” he leaned forward, resting his forearms atop his knees. “But you grabbed a gun and joined in.”
Even at twelve, Tony was rarely lost for words, a fact that had gotten him into trouble more often than not. However, it seemed that his four-year-old sister could stump him with just one simple question. He had honestly never thought about her asking such a thing from him, though he supposed it did seem logical in hindsight. But, what was he meant to say to her? He couldn’t tell her that their mother had been a distant woman, employing an opinion about her child only when it was deemed socially appropriate. Tony had very few memories of her, to be honest, and most of it was via a third party such a newspapers or gossip. She was just this distant image of a woman who had given birth to him, someone he had always seen from far away with a very thick, indestructible glass wall between them.
Tony had watched all the footage he could find of the USO tours, so he knew exactly what Steve was talking about. There were so many things he wanted to say about that. That Steve had looked good: strong and noble and beautiful. But he also wanted to express his outrage that that had been all they had wanted to use Steve for, when it had been so blindingly obvious that Steve was so much more than a dancing monkey. That they had created the perfect warrior, with outstanding skills, but more importantly, with so much heart he was a boon to humanity, instead of the threat he so easily could have been. He wondered if that was why Howard had spent so much time and money looking for Steve, because he had felt guilty about helping create the new Steve with his Vita-rays and then abandoning him to bureaucrats without an ounce of vision. But even if he could have found the words to say it, this wasn't the time and place, what with all the girls in red and gold booty shorts kicking up their legs a few feet away.
"Nothing. But it is the one thing I can easily make in the trailer and when you eat it 5 times a week, it gets a little old. Is there something you can put in that fancy oven of yours? Some nights I
Tony hugged him fiercely for a moment, like a promise. Then he got off his knees and turned to Rhodes. The man was grinning widely.
"Open?" Percival sounded confused. "You can open demons? Do you need to open them before you can kill them?" He turned towards the people right behind him and asked them to stand back. It was no use, because even if they'd wanted to, they were pushed forward by the people behind them. People were going to get trampled soon, if they weren't careful.
" sighed Steve. He gestured to Percy. "Let's go." And with that he led the way for Tony, Percival and the pack horse to follow. Tony waved at those of his witches who had come to say goodbye and Percival waved at Elaine, who beamed back and then they were off.
At Rhodey’s request he’d also flown in his former housemates as additional witnesses. They had all been helpful, but according to Rhodey, Darcy’s brief testimony has been the most effective. He’d mimicked it for Tony:
Steve stared at him. That was the most Tony had ever said to him and it was hard not to feel flattered just by the fact that Tony was using more than three word sentences. He knew he shouldn’t be intimidated by the smaller boy, but knowing and feeling were two different things.
"Okay, guys," Clint sounded a little strangled. "Get a room, will ya? No fucking in the kitchen, please."
"In fact," JARVIS continued, "I do not sense any electromagnetic signals at all. No power lines nearby. No phone lines." If Tony hadn't already ruled out the Mongolian steppes, they would have climbed the list after that announcement, together with the Himalayas, the Sahara and the heart of the Amazon rain forest. If it hadn't been abundantly clear he was stuck somewhere with a fairly temperate climate and not too ridiculously far from sea level, anyway. Maybe that glowy ball had damaged some of the sensors JARVIS relied on. That, or Loki had dumped him on a different planet. But that didn't seem likely. This place smelled like Earth, had the same gravity, the same oxygen content as far as he could tell and the grass seemed entirely grass-like. Nope. Must be magical damage. Fucking gods.
"That'll do it," said Steve. When Tony looked at him questioningly, Steve raised an eyebrow as if Tony should know what he was talking about and that was ridiculous because nobody ever ignored Tony, not if he could help it any way. Not since his father--
Steve stared at him, wondering if this was another one of Tony’s pranks. Making a point about how gullible Steve was.
“Hold it still,” he ordered and raised his wand. Steve tried to overlay a Stasis spell without breaking the
Steve had Tony pinned to the limo seat and was trying to get friction on his erection, when Tony started pounding on him with his fists. Steve pulled his mouth away and looked down at him. Tony looked fantastic. His pupils were blown, his hair was a mess and his lips were swollen. Steve's stubble had left red marks along the jaw and down his neck. But Tony was shaking his head.
Steve was vaguely insulted by that, but swallowed any potential response when Tony whipped around as if he’d forgotten Steve was there. Par for the course, that. Steve would rather be insulted.
"It does, doesn't it?" said Tony, taking the kid's hand and speeding up the pace with which they were going down the stairs, to the relief of the rest of the group caught behind them. "But so do cat-snakes. What are your design specs?"
Steve has no words. Tony shouldn't be interested, couldn't possibly be interested after that scene last night. But Tony
"Sure thing, princess. Whatever you say." Tony could feel Steve still smiling into his hair, his fingers playing with the hair in Tony's neck. Steve obviously had a thing for his hair and Tony had a thing for Steve having a thing for his hair. Actually, if he was honest, Tony had a thing for Steve, period. It wasn't even the sex, although the sex would have been more than enough by itself. Tony had spent the day modifying the staple gun and the toothbrush tasers, and Steve had just
“Just thinking. If you would have been there then, I would now be stuck here with a ninety something year old guy I'd be calling Uncle Steve. Of the two, I much prefer the current situation, really. Less... awkward?”
Steve doubts Tony ever dreams of anything as mundane as casseroles, the man seems more... haunted than that. But then he also seems like the kind of guy who weaves a lot of bullshit in with the serious stuff so he can claim it is all bullshit if he gets called on anything. Like, right now, if Steve were to scoff at him for making demands for food he wasn't even entitled to, he could pass it all off as a joke, even if the sight of one more plate of pasta would truly make him gag. And maybe it's because he's been perving on the man, or maybe it's for reasons better not too closely examined, but Steve finds that he doesn't want to blow him off, even if he thinks Tony would respect him more if he did. Steve has no heart for that kind of machismo though.
Tony had a hard time parsing that sentence, distracted as he was by the sensation of Steve’s skin under his fingers.
"You are asking us to let your wife watch us... in bed." He paused when he felt Steve grab his hand. He wasn't sure whether Steve was clinging to him to preserve his sanity or whether he was trying to calm Tony down. Probably the first, but oddly the latter was happening too. He squeezed Steve's hand and interlaced their fingers.
Laying back on the lounge chair Tony looked everywhere but at Steve, still cutting through the water like he was Michael fucking Phelps. Several women on the other side of the pool were appreciating the show too, but most of the men pretended not to notice their wives' drooling. Although one Middle Eastern looking guy was staring at Steve openly. And then his eyes swerved to Tony. Back and forth. Hidden behind his sunglasses Tony watched him out of the corner of his eyes, suddenly alert. Could he be the contact, or was he more likely to belong with a rival organization? He looked at the guy straight on for a sec, took a picture with the glasses' inbuilt camera and tapped his earpiece.
"Verily," said Tony dryly. "Well, that settles that," he said turning to Percival. "She did not have your best interest at heart, my boy."
“Can't wait to see you in those superhero tights, Mr Wayne.” Steve knew that joke was kind of lame, but it seemed important that he help Tony cover up the vulnerabilities he had exposed. At Steve's request, no less, and that was something of a miracle in itself. So the least he could do was help the man regain his footing before the night was through. Nobody wanted to go to sleep with those kind of memories still looming under the surface.
"Not much I can do here. If my bomb landed on the beach it would hurt them and it would not do much good in the water." He made a tired looking shooing motion at Steve. "Go get them, Tiger."
“It's a security clearance thing. Apparently he is the only one with a high enough clearance and can be made to look the part.”
the wrong thing too, arguably to the wrong person. In short, Tony had fucked up, like he so often did, and Steve had not even smiled once all afternoon and that made Tony feel infinitely worse because of course Steve was
This was why it never could have worked between Pepper and him. When he’d first met her, he’d felt the attraction and desire for her beauty and fiery personality. She was strong and didn’t take any of his crap, probably a perfect match for him really, if he was being honest. But then she’d had to spend almost ten years looking after him like this, as if he was some kind of spoilt child who’d never learned to look after himself properly. He was Peter Pan and she was Wendy, he would never grow up and she was always maturing.
“I think I’m feeling the metallic colours, what do you guys think?” he asked, pulling out the four metallic shades from the selection and tilting them to see the various subtle shifts in colour under the light.
After the fight with Stane, after telling Coulson of SHIELD the barest details of what had happened and listening to Nick Fury - director of SHIELD - propose the idea of something called the Avengers Initiative, and then finally convincing both Pepper and Rhodey that he was fine, Tony just wanted to rest for a bit. Hand coming up to touch his arc again, he knew it would become a tic for him after the horror of having it ripped from his very chest while he was paralyzed on the couch. It would no doubt be replayed behind his eyelids every time he went more than a few minutes without touching it.
Upon arriving, Steve followed the waiter to a private room out the back of the establishment, waiting until they’d left them alone in the room to turn and face the other occupant.
Tony, however, had seemed more amused by the whole situation than worried about it. Steve would question the man’s sanity, but from what he’d observed so far, he wasn’t crazy – at least, not in a conventional way, his love of The Avenger’s engine was a definite quirk.
In a universe this size, if a ship found itself in the Rim and something went wrong, the likelihood of them receiving aid was little to none. Waves only transmitted so far, and not even the most advanced technology could get a message from out here to someone in the Core. It was a chance a ship had to take, when they went out, they might end up dead in the sky and the only option left to them was to either take the crews own lives or slowly starve to death.
It would be very bad if that turned out to be the case. Steve had no desire to show up on the Universal Security Council’s radar. Nothing good would come from a dead man showing up alive. He’d be labelled as a deserter, a traitor to the supposedly peaceful government organisation that ran the universe. There was no doubt that they’d take The Avenger, incarcerate the rest of his crew and sentence Steve to death as an example of what happened to people like him who didn’t follow their rules.
He took the top one out and looked at it closely, trying to place the familiar logo on top of the lid.
“Actually, yeah, okay, I can see how that wouldn’t be such a dumb idea if I worked for them. The whole, catchin’ the rotten scoundrels in the act, shtick. But, I’m not with them, workin’ for them,
“Okay, it’s time.” Pepper said, taking a deep breath herself, as if she was the one who was about to be subjected to the pointed questions and politely disguised accusations. Without waiting for any other doubts to stir in his mind, Tony took the lead and opened the door, walking into the press conference room to an avalanche of flashes from cameras and excited chatter.
Steve sighed and finally gave up, turning to step into the cargo hold properly and reached for the control panel that would allow him to raise the ramp and seal the ship up.
“Are you sure you don’t want to be here on a date with your coffee cup?” Steve asked, causing Tony’s eyes to snap open in a brief moment of panic, worried that Steve might be annoyed by his preoccupation with the beverage. It certainly wouldn’t be the first time someone was ignored because coffee was involved, but Tony wanted to do this right, dammit, so maybe he’d have to cut back on the coffee drinking around Steve. He could do that, couldn’t he? He’d just have to indulge himself in private where it wouldn’t bother Steve.
“Uh, yeah, sure,” Tony moved his hands so that they were just keeping the slightly squirming puppy on his lap, pleased when Sparky let out a happy, realistic sounding yip and his tail began wagging like crazy as Steve’s huge palm ran down his back.
“Hey, guys. I’ve found our target. Top floor,” Tony said into the comms before turning his focus completely onto the man who, frankly, looked like a wannabe wizard.
Steve had to bite his tongue to stop himself from asking if there wasn’t something else Tony wanted to tell him. The way he handled the weapons… it felt like there was more than just a passing knowledge of the mechanics at play here.
“Calm down, cruiser, we’re goin’ to do as is requested by our government. I assure you that you’ve got the wrong ship, so we ain’t got no reason not to have you on board,” Steve kept his voice civil, even as he felt annoyance gnaw at his gut.
Steve strained his ears as silence stretched between them. He debated if he could risk peering around the crates to see what they were doing. Were they close enough to touch one another now? Had their hands entwined? Were they looking into one-another’s eyes, about to kiss?
For once in his life, Tony hadn’t actually meant to be a complete and total asshole when dealing with a celebrity. It was just, something had flicked in his head upon meeting Captain America, and before he knew it they’re been standing together in a tiny jet trading barbs like poison. His brain was calling him a moron, but he couldn’t seem to stop his mouth from spouting out the sarcastic and mocking comments like it was a competition.
“That’s the least of our worries right now, Miss Potts.” Steve turned from her and glanced outside the open mouth of the ship. The glow of the lights beyond the port made it impossible to see the shining pinpricks of other planets and moons within the inky blackness of the sky.
For a long while, Tony had wanted to make it work between them. They were both attracted to one another – that was obvious – but they just never had their moment. It may have been fanciful and romantic of him, but Tony believed that there was a very small window during which two people could make a go of a relationship together. As it stood, they did fall into a relationship, just not the one Tony had expected. He’d never in a million years have guessed all those years ago, upon hiring the pepper spraying SI employee to be his PA, that one day she’d be one of his closest friends. There were times, such as this, when Pepper all but mothered him.
“You’re not gonna leave with me, are you, Captain?” A voice came from behind him and Steve could feel a small smile break out over his face for a moment before he forced himself to frown and turn around.
“Mr Stark, you need to calm down,” Traveller said, voice still maddeningly calm and patient, as if Tony was nothing more than a child misbehaving.
“Steve, come on, fuck me for fucks sake. Come on!” Tony grumbled when he deemed Steve to have taken too long. Steve slid his arms around so that they were slightly underneath Tony and he could hook his hands up and around Tony’s shoulders, thus preventing the genius from moving anyway and giving Steve leverage for when he delivered on his promise.
“I ain’t got no time to delve into your crazy right now. Thor, stay here and watch him, I’ll wave if we need you.” He clapped the other man on the arm as he passed through the doorway.
He just knew that when he got to the bridge, Clint would give him some bullshit excuse about the chicken being an essential item onboard the ship, Natasha would smack him over the head but not let Steve actually kill the moron, and Steve himself would be irritated with it for the rest of its life, but the stupid fowl would no doubt become a member of their crew no matter what he did.
“Come on. Hurry up. Just click it. Don’t change any settings. Just click it,” the soldier tried to rush his comrade with the camera.
“Tony, I’m hungry,” Darcy’s voice was just this side of a whine, but quiet enough that Rhodey wouldn’t have been able to easily make out her words. She may still be young enough yet to get away with inappropriate conversation topics and demands, but she had been quick to learn from their father that if no one else heard it, it had never happened.
Tony hadn’t had people in the rooms near his own before. Any time his parents had guests staying with them, Tony was only to see them in the main rooms before Howard sent him off to the West wing of the manor to keep him out of the way. Howard had told Tony that people only came over for important business reasons, and he didn’t need Tony acting as a distraction to them. Jarvis’s rooms were closest to him in the middle of the house for optimal efficiency, so having someone now staying right next to him would be a completely new experience for Tony.
“We need a plan of attack,” Steve’s ‘Captain’ voice put an end to any further conversation between the two, and Tony couldn’t stop the reflexive roll his eyes.
When Tony had told them about his kidnapping and subsequent imprisonment with the Then Rings… Steve still felt nauseated just thinking about it. There were few groups that were horrendous enough that people like Steve, out of touch with most of the world and living a life outside of societies rules and regulations, ended up hearing about. The stories of horror and human experimentation were enough to give anyone nightmares. While part of Steve wished that there had been something Tony could have done to save some of the people on those ships rather than condemning them to death, he understood. As soon as the Ten Rings had gotten hold of each and every one of those people, they’d been as good as dead.
“You are not the first person to let their heart rule their mind when it comes to decision making,” she sounded faintly amused, but there was a deep sadness to her eyes.
A giant cluster hung from the centre of the room, the storage hold perfect for such a display due to its high ceilings. A huge chain, links almost the size of his hand, was wrapped around the numerous disfigured bodies hanging there. It mostly looked like large chunks of meant, blood since dried, no skin to be seen, but clear evidence of brutal torture having be applied to the bodies before death.
Steve thought about it for a moment. They were still technically in the Core planet sector, if only just, and getting caught scavenging a ship here could have dire consequences. However, that ship might still have extra supplies on-board, if the cargo hold was intact. Depending on what they were, it might get them a lot of credits, or it could be food which would prevent them from having to stop off on planet soon to restock before venturing properly into the Rim. Their supplies were too low for such a long trip with no destination, so a little windfall now would be extremely beneficial to them.
“What’s the last thing you remember?” Steve moved closer to him, coming to stand beside his bed and resting a hand on the cushioned surface beside Tony’s shoulder.
“That’s a terrible reflection on society,” Bruce said, finally bringing over the large plate he’d stacked with blueberry pancakes.
When they finally pulled back, Steve felt breathless, like he’d just done a workout routine that left his muscles sore for days afterwards. Tony, similarly, was breathing heavily, lips bitten pink and cheeks flushed for a different reason now.
“Just until Ariel,” Steve nodded, eyes tracking over the screens and understanding only half of what was going on.
“Yeah, I always wanted to see the stars,” Tony snickered, taking the final step into the ship and, just like that, The Avenger had a mechanic.
, but he sure pays good,” Clint said, cheerfully tucking into the basket of fried shrimp that Thor had thoughtfully brought back for the crew in celebration of their successful job.
“I’m sure you’ll have an amazing time. If nothing else, Doctor Foster and Doctor Selvig seem like good people,” Tony smiled as he looked at his sister, the dark reality of his short future weighing heavily on his mind.
“What’s this for?” he asked, looking around and realising the people near them held corn husks as well.
Walking down to their bedroom, Steve was thankful for JARVIS as the AI silently opened and closed their door, bringing a warm glow to the bedroom without prompting. Steve carefully deposited Tony on the large bed, disappearing into the bathroom for a moment to get a washcloth to somewhat clean him up. Task done, he pulled a blanket up from the bottom of the bed to cover him rather than attempt to pull out the quilt from under the unhelpful body. Quickly cleaning his own stomach, Steve moved around the bed and climbed in next to his lover, Tony immediately reaching for him and rolling onto his side, pulling Steve’s arm over so that he could tangle their fingers together.
“It was our name, Tony. I know I don’t really have much to do with the company or anything, and I go by mum’s maiden name for school and stuff, but it was still my name on those bombs too. I mean; you’re my brother and they were your life’s work so I get that you’re having a massive guilt trip right now. But do you really believe that this is the only way to fix things?”
Peter sat up and huffed. “I’m almost in 8th grade,” he said with narrowed eyes. “Wade had his first kiss last year. When he was in my grade.”
this is... objectively not very good. but i really really really wanted to fast forward to the somewhat more formulated chapters 4 and 5 so i wrote some garbage for u folks. pls enjoy!
These days, Peter was growing to be like a mini Mary. He was snarky like her, funny and smart. He liked science - something Steve
Rhodey can tell he’s hesitating. They’ve always known each other so well. He can probably tell why, too, which is why he grins at Tony all smug and says, “Introduce me to your friend.”
“Have you seen Peter?” Steve asked, perhaps a little hysterically, after running back to the front desk and catching May in between calls.
“Good,” Michelle responded, turning back to the novel still open in front of her. “‘Cause then I’d have to kill you.”
“Hey, Dad!” Peter said, jumping out from behind Clint. “Sorry, I was gonna go back up to the room, but I lost track of time. Did I freak you out?”
be with a parent and their kid. Steve would bear the weight of the world on his shoulders if only so Peter never had to break a sweat; no matter the consequences, Steve was his
him. As much as he tried to make himself believe that the apartment complex wasn’t, in fact, a skyscraper in disguise, his heart still fluttered in his chest feverishly while he peered up at the building in front of him.
It made Steve feel guilty and bad and kind of evil too, sometimes, when Peter got upset about it. But it was just another one of the many things that sucked about being poor.
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep,” Michelle chided, still not lifting her head. Peter spared her a glance and rolled his eyes, still grinning widely at his two friends. “
“Why don’t you two just stay here? Why do you have to go to a shelter?” He stood, and stepped closer to Steve, but Steve moved back just enough for Bucky to notice. Bucky sighed and crossed his arms tight over his chest, muscles flexed and taut. “I like it with you two here. You cook and - and Peter’s the best, and the thought of you sleeping in a shelter-” his voice broke off there, and he looked down at the floor. “I don’t like it. Steve, just
Peter left for school pretty soon after that. He ended up being a little bit late because it was, unsurprisingly, extremely hard to convince himself to leave the conversation he was having with Harley. He walked to school in the morning - it only took 20 minutes or so, generally - and pretty much spent the entire trek thinking about Harley.
Steve pushed their bodies apart. “Peter Benjamin Rogers, I will pull you out of nerd school and send you to that private junior high if you say crap like that again.”
“Harley,” he responded, grinning at Peter so sweetly Peter thought he’d like to drown in it. “It’s nice to meet you, Peter.”
sorry this took so long!!!! im Stuck on chapter 3 but i wanted to give yall chapter 2 anyway! comment below what you wanna see next chapter PLEASE i need ideas
“Yeah,” Peter responded. “And, uh, you too, Clint,” Peter added, a very clear afterthought. Clint was fully unbothered by this, and was watching with May and Steve as the two boys had their little
sucked. He knew Peter felt a little left out sometimes, his only access to the internet being his school appointed Chromebook and Steve’s laptop, but they just
“Thank you, Daisy,” he says smoothly, though decidedly not flirtatiously; she’s very obviously in the college-high school age range, or at least much,
“You ready?” Rhodey asks, and Tony wants to say yes, wants to get the hell out of there so that they can pick up right where they left off, halfway through an episode of
. Tony can tell by the look in his eyes this wasn’t what he was expecting -- Steve didn’t think Bucky would come home with a new friend -- but he also knows that Steve isn’t
wanted it. And it wasn’t really a handout if this rich guy was super duper crazy rich, like a millionaire or something, and was just buying stuff for kids because he was nice like that.
“You do this every time,” he whispered. “Every time something goes wrong, you come, you apologize, you act like this is the worst thing that could ever happen to me, and then you leave. Why, Steve? Have I done something to make you believe you’re a burden? ‘Cause you’re very much
Today was one of those days. Full of emails from badgering parents who really do mean no harm, and he had a meeting with the principal about curriculum, and had a few students turn in late assignments for him to grade (that, he actually appreciated, but just wish they would’ve done it earlier, when there was more than seven days left of school), and he still had Color Me Mine at the end of the school day.
“I really have no idea what that means,” quips Tony, although apologetically so. “Well, Rhodey was honorably discharged too. And I know it’s not a bad thing, but I don’t actually
Steve slung an arm around Peter’s shoulders. “Alright,” he said, taking pity on Peter and tugging him in close. “Let’s head to our room, huh?” Peter nodded and stumbled along.
“You know,” Harley said at some point, after Peter had been talking about his current chemistry project for longer than probably socially acceptable, “there’s this rich guy who comes around sometimes and buys stuff for us. Gets everyone nice shit - kids toys, parents supplies. He donates to the shelter too, helps cover the cost of food, beds. That’s why this place is so nice.”
“No,” Steve lied, ignoring the look May was giving him. “I just got back. Haven’t even made it to the room yet.” He shrugged his shoulders, gesturing to the bag he’d not yet put down; he was far too distracted by the idea of Peter being hurt or lost or worse. “Don’t worry about it, bud. What trouble are you causing?”
The next morning was a Friday, and Steve thanked God that the weekend was within reach. Peter woke up early, which Steve was grateful for, because Peter was ready to leave with half an hour to spare, so he had more than enough time for breakfast and morning cartoons before they left. Steve was an early riser and a good cook, so he made blueberry pancakes - Peter and Bucky’s favorite.
or some other soapy bullshit with his best friend, but he can’t do that. (He does think, very briefly, that waiting in the baggage claim area, like the way he’s doing right now, is surprisingly exhilarating. Every few minutes, a crowd of people come bustling to the carousels to collect their suitcases, and Tony can’t help but place the image of it happening in 20 minutes time into his mind. He’s bored as fuck, sure, and impatient as hell, but
-- is going exactly to plan. He’s got the stupid Pink Drink for hilarious, teasing purposes; he’s wearing two dog tags around his neck, one somehow weighing heavier than the other (likely due to the ring Tony has loped through it); his phone is fully charged, and Snapchat is even open. Tony isn’t one to prepare for things ahead of time -- in college, he never once studied for a test; in work, he doesn’t practice his presentations or speeches, and chooses to wing it instead; in relationships, the most planning he does successfully is writing down a birthday on his calendar just in case he forgets -- but for this, he’s more than just
, and managed to perfectly parallel park his car directly outside of Bucky’s one story, two bedroom home. Peter unbuckled his seatbelt and tumbled out of the car before Steve even turned off the engine. He ran up to the front door, but barely needed to knock, as Bucky had been - presumably - waiting for the two of them to arrive. Steve followed, watching with fond eyes as his son wrapped his arms tight around Bucky. When Steve finally made it up to the porch, Bucky beamed at him, and it’s almost as blinding as the afternoon sun.
“Good to meet you, Steve,” Rhodey says, firmly shaking Steve’s hand with a sparkling grin. Tony is thoroughly impressed with the lack of shitheadery Rhodey is possessing right now. “James Rhodes.”
The line moved slow, but the longer the wait was, the more Peter craved that stupid jelly donut - and it was the
“The Pink Drink?” Daisy asks, a grin pulling at the corners of her lips. “So, I guess that’s a drink you got for someone else?”
, as he introduces himself -- and makes some snarky but clearly very heartfelt joke about the guy watching out for Rhodey overseas. James smiles and says something like,
, amongst other things - so it held a special spot in both their hearts. Normally, Steve said it, and whatever was on Peter’s mind quiets enough that he decides he could wait for a while until he brings it up again; this time, though, Peter was unaffected by the name.
, as National Geographic liked to call it. The only difference was Ned’s mom had a lot more kids and a lot more shit on her plate, so she always got Ned and all his siblings fast food. It wasn’t her fault, but that’s why Ned was chubbier than Peter and still just as hungry. Peter’s dad had enough time to force a healthy meal into him. Ned’s mom? Not so much.
“Aw, with the ugly uniforms?” Peter pouted. When Steve rolled his eyes again, Peter plastered on a sparkling grin and tilted his head gently. “Really, Dad. I know how hard you work. I don’t blame you. I love you, and you’re the best dad in the entire world. Like, seriously, even - um, uh - Joe West! From
younger than Tony is. Besides, getting laid isn’t even on Tony’s radar right now, honestly. “Say, there wouldn’t happen to be a very grande-sized, strawberry-flavored iced monstrosity coming out any time soon?”
Still, the image of the two of them, drinking lemonade on a fresh cut lawn, burned into Steve’s mind and closed up his throat. He thought about it a lot - when he was job hunting, when he was tapping his foot and waiting for his interview with the manager, when he was laying in bed at night, one arm curled around Peter and the other propping his head up. He let himself imagine, if only for a second, what life could be like if they just had
“Swear on my life,” Peter joked, turning to Ned. “Swear on my uncles’ lives, on my dad’s life, on Tony Stark of Stark Industries’ life, on Doctor Bruce Banner, the icon himself’s life, on
“I know,” Peter agreed, and just then, someone came up from behind Peter and planted two warm hands on his shoulders.
Bucky grinned at Peter, but Steve whipped around to stare him down. Bucky huffed sheepishly, lips still upturned, and looked back down at his food. Steve turned his wrist over to stare at the clock.
“See you tonight, then,” he answered, no longer looking at Steve and studying the floor instead, like if he stared long enough, Steve would change his mind. His voice was monotonous too, and Steve had never thought that it pissed Bucky off whenever he left until
, he promised, and he almost believed it himself; in the years that he served, Mary spoke highly of him to Peter, so whenever he was visiting home, Peter held no resentment toward him. Instead, Steve would help him with his school projects and take him to ice cream and let him watch movies Mary was less inclined to agree with.
Then, once Peter was out of earshot, Steve stepped up to Bucky and let himself be tugged into a tight hug. “Hey,” Steve whispered, holding Bucky as fiercely as he himself was being held. “Thanks for letting us stay again, Buck.”
Michelle rolled her eyes at Wade’s swearing, but didn’t comment on it. Peter, on the other hand, had never been afraid to get on Wade about it. “You’ve got such a potty mouth,” he said, stuffing his mouth with the sandwich he picked up from the lunch line. “My dad said he’s gonna kill you if you keep cussing in front of me.”
“Harley,” he responded, grinning at Peter so sweetly Peter thought he’d like to drown in it. “It’s nice to meet you, Peter.”
First, he opens Instagram, which he immediately regrets upon seeing the first post of his feed: a photo of his ex-girlfriend/personal assistant, Virginia, and her new girlfriend, Natasha. In an instant, he swipes up and closes the app, blinking away the burn in his chest and trying not to roll his eyes. They were sweet together, and he had no control over Virginia --
is the sound of his own stupid heart thumping in his chest. Quickly, almost immediately, he’s interrupted by a hand (a
Peter rolls his eyes. “No?” he answered, brows furrowed in faux confusion. “When have I ever studied for a test?”
(Every day, Steve thanked God that Mary was the sort of mother to put her child’s love of his father over her anger towards him - not that Steve had ever doubted, not even for a second, that Mary
Peter scoffed as he swung the car door open and crawled into the passenger seat. “Bet,” he challenged, with a smirk on his lips and a twinkle in his eyes. Steve had to bite down the goofy grin that bubbled up in response, but he didn’t bother shielding the warmth that spread from his heart to his eyes.
Tony stands, and elbows his way through the crowd up to the Starbucks countertop. His short stature doesn’t always bother him, but in jam-packed cafes, it certainly tests his patience. Still, he smiles in that plastic, mostly-just-for-show way at the barista, a young woman with scruffy black hair and a name tag reading
“Dad,” Peter said one Friday morning, after almost eight days in the shelter, before Steve left for work and Peter went down for breakfast. “I think you work too hard.”
During lunch, Peter sat with Ned and Michelle; the latter of which had recently joined them at lunch time after Peter was really nice to her in Academic Pentathlon for the entire school year. Michelle was quieter than Ned and Peter were, but she was really funny in a dark and kind of mean way. Peter didn’t really mind it at all, honestly.
was not inherited paternally - and provided the same sense of direction for Steve that Mary once had done. They were like compasses to Steve, the two of them, always knowing exactly what to say to make everything better. If Mary were still with them, Steve knew that she’d know
After two Friday’s, they left for the shelter. It was the same one they went to after the last eviction, located close enough to Peter’s school for him to walk if the second job Steve intended to get required him in the mornings. Peter never disliked shelters (another thing Steve loved about his kid: his flexibility) and often, in fact, looked at them like a new, fun adventure for him and his dad to muscle through.
that old, Peter was sure he wasn’t any more than 14, but he was smart enough to be 16, so Peter wasn’t really sure. (An even more horrifying thought: what if Harley was a
Steve reached over and flicked the soft skin on the inside of Peter’s elbow. Peter didn’t care, clearly, which Bucky thought was very on-brand for the kid. “Stop talking about me like I can’t hear you, Peter.”
Pretty much every lunch went this way. Peter had a countdown until summer, and there were only twelve days left, and Peter was very sure that this - sitting with these weirdos, listening to Wade blabber about how hot Peter’s dad was and to Ned groan about how gross Wade was and to Michelle complain about how annoying they all were,
Steve put his food down next to Bucky’s and turned his body so they were facing each other. Bucky leaned forward, pushed his shoulder against Steve’s in that
Peter giggled, rolling his eyes. He knew Steve was being serious. He didn’t care much. “Alright, Captain Dad. Next stop, Sgt. First Class James Buchanan Barnes.” He saluted and winked.
Steve pulls his phone out to, and sticks the unlocked device out for Tony to grab. “Well, yeah, but,” Steve shrugs, “I’ll forgive you.” When Tony takes his phone -- holy shit, it’s old, and it’s not even a Stark Phone, which isn’t actually
and Steve thought he might be able to impress some kids and make more friends at the shelter with all the knick knacks he has). Once everything they needed was separated from everything they didn’t, Steve started to pack himself a bag for the shelter. He figured, if he left something behind, Bucky was only a call and a twenty minute drive away.
, he wanted to say, because it’s home wherever Peter is, but the shelter certainly wasn’t home - he was exhausted. He just wanted to eat something warm and drink something cold and sleep for twelve hours. He expected to see Peter in the room when he got there, but-
Steve glared at him. “Peter, you are not allowed to kiss anyone. If I find out you are kissing someone, I will have to share embarrassing baby photos with their parents to blackmail you and whoever you’re kissing.”
“You too,” Peter responded, equally as soft and quiet as his father. After a few long moments of holding each other - tight and only a little afraid - Steve pushed his son away.
“One day, he’ll get a hot sugar daddy and all your woes will be washed away.” Peter laughed brightly, and almost said
Peter giggled. “Sure,” he said, drawing out the vowel as he rolled his eyes. “Anyways, how was your day? Did you meet any weird old people?”
In response to Steve’s sort of lie, Peter narrowed his stare, and Steve watched as his big, brown eyes focused on Steve’s blues. “Captain Dad, sir, I’m ‘a need you to be real with me here. No bullshit.”
Tony waits to check Steve’s contact until he gets home. Rhodey doesn’t let him text and drive, a rule which Tony
“Uh, my dad’s at work right now. He got a second job when we started staying here, so I don’t see him much anymore.” Peter shrugged, only a little hurt, because as much as he tried not to let it bother him, he kind of missed his dad. And he
“Coming home,” Steve answers. “Born and raised in Brooklyn. What about you? Who are you waiting for?”
When he finally makes it to baggage claim -- Terminal 3, United Airlines, flight number 577 -- Tony is vibrating with anticipation. For what is likely the very first time, his coffee is doing nothing to soothe his nerves. It’s been -- oh, holy shit --
“Here,” Peter offered, because his breakfast was still working through his body. “Take my veggies. That way you don’t have to eat the potato slime.” When Ned looked like he was going to argue, Peter waved him off. “I had a big breakfast,” he insisted firmly, and Ned hesitated, but stuck out his hand anyway to grab the plate off of Peter’s tray.
The tests were over in minutes. Steve had almost hoped the bike would fail, so he wouldn’t have to deal with the conflicting feelings around the thing for a while, but of course it passed with flying colors.
“Congratulations, my friends!” boomed Thor. “This is a most fitting end to such an epic battle! Your love shall be like the rose blooming on the rubble of our victory! I shall officiate this ceremony and lady Widow has just offered to be maid of honor. Let’s find friend Hawkeye, so he can also witness this momentous occasion!” He glanced at the Hulk. “Though, perhaps we should wait until Doctor Banner is fit to stand up as best man for his brother in science?”
Stark twitched as if he hadn't expected to have Steve be quite so close. “I am uploading my AI into the ship's system. Fury said I could not bring any tech that Porter would not have, but I am interpreting that as having to hide my own tech in the outdated crap Porter would carry around. So I spent the night before we flew redesigning and camouflaging stuff. Like I'd go anywhere without JARVIS.”
Tony kissed him and it was like no other kiss he'd ever experienced before. He couldn't help but pour his heart into it, all the fragility and gratitude and joy that threatened to drown him if he didn't share it with Steve, right now. He found himself on his back a while later with Steve leaning over him, smiling again.
“Fine,” said Steve. “I'll sacrifice myself in un-noble ways only. Now let's use this brain of yours to get this show on the road.”
At 11.30 am he gingerly moved them to the loveseat and went to get washed and changed. He purposely did not look out his window to check if Steve was there before he went outside. It felt like even the tiniest lack of faith would upset the delicate balance they had forged last night. Also, if he was going to be disappointed, he wanted to postpone it as long as possible.
Things went downhill from there and Tony was grateful for having the face plate in place. It was like the catacombs all over again, only this time it was Captain America yelling at him and not Steve. He wanted to run away and hide under his bed like he'd done when he was small and his dad had yelled at him. He was considering just getting the hell out when he heard Thor's voice in his com unit.
"I can see you have much catching up to do with your stupidly brave one. We will discuss this further in the morning." She clearly meant more yelling in the morning.
“I feel emasculated, Tony.” Steve tried for lightness as he swung his leg over the bitch seat, wondering if the bike could sense his ambivalence and balk at him. He was almost disappointed when it didn’t react.
"You know, this clamming up thing is very unattractive. I already know you're a bit of drama queen inside your head, Steve, you don't have to be so stoic about it."
“The orange one came over immediately and crawled into the box with him and started cleaning him up!”
“Eurail Pass?” Tony asked, mentioning the unlimited train pass that was the eternal favorite of backpackers everywhere.
“Who? Me? I thought I wasn’t even supposed to be allowed to buy my own clothes, let alone have an opinion on them?”
“Good points.” Tony seemed irritated. At his imminent death, or at the waiting or at the prospect of being virtually shackled to Steve 24/7, that wasn't immediately clear. “Alright. Let's go take care of the security system then,
"The fuck do you want anyway?" Goat Man is barely mollified, tension still rolling off him. Steve is struggling not to respond in kind. He should walk away, a tactical retreat, so he can let the adrenalin die down and regain his calm. But he can't seem to move. The man before him is dirty, sweaty, angry and fascinating. He is at least a decade older than Steve, but the muscles in his arms and shoulders are hard. The arrogance in his face and stance, so incongruous for a man who herds goats for a living, is softened by the fine lines around his eyes and mouth. The sweat stain on the front of his shirt matches the one on his back.
Tony watched the trial on his TV through the bottom of a bottle. Elisa had been right. This was bigger than the OJ Simpson circus, and it seemed like the whole world was watching. The day Steve was first called to the stand, Tony had made sure he was sober. He was leaning forward on the couch, elbows on his thighs and sucked in a breath when the camera panned in on Steve. He looked different. The platinum hair was gone, buzzed off, and was just starting to grow out again in its regular honey-blond color. The orange tan was replaced with the kind of tan soldiers got in the desert. Golden brown, but limited to face, neck and hands. It made his blue eyes pop. There were dark smudges under his eyes though, like he wasn't sleeping well and Tony knew that feeling. He watched for a hint of the warm smiles he had gotten so used to on the ship, but Steve looked for all the world like he had never smiled like that in his life. It made Tony ache to see how solemn and serious Steve was, and Tony wanted to needle him and tease him and make outrageous comments until Steve smiled again. Actually, Tony wanted to crawl through the screen and climb into Steve's lap and never let him go.
“Wait! What?” Tony whirled around and lost his balance. Fortunately, he had a very sturdy boyfriend to catch him and keep him propped up. He leaned into Steve and felt a thorough sense of satisfaction as Steve's arm slipped around his waist.
“It was about to take me over the cliff when I crossed myself, “ Percival answered, “Then it shook me off and burst into flame as it went over the edge.”
“Well, then you should know one cup isn't going to cut it when I wake up. Do we have more?” Steve gestured and Tony helped himself to another cup that he could savor more slowly, now that his immediate survival was no longer at stake. He wandered outside onto the balcony, leaving the door open and leaned against the railing looking out over the blue waves. It was a spectacular spring day. Maybe things weren't all that horrible.
Tony smiled at him and Steve smiled in return. God, it was good to have him back. First things first, though. He turned to Percival
Steve listened with open mouth as Tony took him through all the parts of his magic motorcycle and the brilliant complexity of the sleek machine became apparent. Tony had been right, the magic involved in this made a regular flying bike look like a frock on a pig. Steve hadn’t even known magic and technology could be as beautifully interwoven as this. He started asking questions and Tony seemed to have forgotten this was Steve he was talking to and was answering him like he didn’t hate him. It wasn’t clear how much time had passed by the time they were squatting side by side, Tony turning the part that had had too much Bruce in it over in his hands.
"Tony..." Steve began, but Tony never got to hear the end of that sentence because all of a sudden Bors and Percival started yelling at the other side of the boat.
There was cheering from the couch and Steve's sudden smile was blinding. It made Tony feel a little woozy and unsteady. The crutches might have wobbled a bit, but then Steve was there with his hands on Tony's hips and he didn't need the goddamn crutches anymore to stay upright. So he dropped them and grabbed a hold of Steve. He tried pulling him in, but Steve was looking pointedly over Tony's shoulder at their audience.
“Yeah,” Tony said quietly, pulling up a small smile. “Her first name was Maria, like your middle name, which made her name Maria Stark.” Darcy nodded slightly, looking down for a moment before she seemed to gather herself and look back up at him with determination.
She linked her own, much smaller finger with his for a moment before curling back into his chest, body still shaking with the occasional hiccupped sob. He stroked her hair as she slowly calmed, occasionally placing a kiss on her forehead that was as much a comfort for her as it was for him.
Darcy starting university last month had been a jarring shock to Tony, in that he realised his baby sister was finally growing up. While she had already turned eighteen earlier that month, it was the packing of her stuff to go off to university that had made him feel somewhat emotional. Tony would deny to his dying day that after he’d driven her to the airport so their private jet could take her to Virginia, and thus Culver University campus, he might have gone home and sat quietly in her bedroom, heart hurting.
“I lost Miss Mac an’ I wen’ w’ound a co’new too fast an’ the wug slipped’d. I didn’t mean too!” similar to that of floodgates opening, loud chocking sobs erupted from her small frame, her body shaking with the force of them.
Staring at the roof, he smiled and stretched out an arm, imaging what it would be like to have another body warming the sheets beside him.
Despite his best attempts not to, Steve felt himself stiffen. Stupid Clint and his big mouth. Though loyal to a fault, the pilot was inclined to spill any and all secrets and gossip whenever it was Natasha doing the asking. Really, they were lucky she didn’t work against them or they’d be screwed.
The Avengers had received a call from Nick Fury at the Tower that some idiot had gotten it into their head that the road to world domination was paved with gigantic bugs. The team had arrived on the scene to find six twelve feet tall bugs scuttling about and installing terror in New Yorkers.
“For fuck’s sake, I’m fine,” Tony twitched, fighting the impulse to try and escape again, knowing he’d just get shoved back down.
“You have a pile of paperwork on your desk eagerly awaiting your signature.” she said, smile quirking her mouth.
“Next time it’s dark, how about waiting for me to get there before you take off into the night alone?” Steve asked softly.
“Is that… oh my Notch, it’s one of those spider jockey’s. Think they’re so cool,” Tony growled, hand tightening on the handle of his sword.
Tony hummed for a long moment, and something in Steve’s chest gave an almost fond twinge. Now that the immediate danger had passed, he allowed himself to focus on the amusement that curled within his chest at Tony’s drugged behaviour as a result of the pain numbing sedative. It was almost adorable.
“I’m sure she does,” he began slowly. “Though I’m beginning to think you spend a lot more time with Darcy than I’d thought.”
“Um,” he cast his mind about in a panic, desperately trying to think of other things he’d wished their mother had done, how he’d wished she'd been. “Alice in Wonderland. It’s a book, it was her favourite. She always used to read and re-read it. I was - that is - I thought you might like it if I read it to you this Summer.”
If Clint had of been there he would have been threatening Tony to try and get him to shut up, while Thor would probably be laughing by this stage. The rest of the crew, however, weren’t there, it was just the two of them as they walked along, the others having found other things to amuse themselves with while they stopped off just before they went into the Rim for a while.
“It is good for the public image of Fujikawa Industries. It shows a healthy competition to our buyers and a trustworthiness,” she said, voice still patiently polite.
Tony made a low, mumbled sound, head rolling on the medical bed towards Bruce. After the revelation of the light that was embedded within Tony’s chest, Bruce had snapped out of his surprise first, and been quick to administer a sedative with the hypo-gun he’d put on the counter, before he began cleaning the blood off the man’s gut with a small device that spurted out short streams of warm water.
Slight warning for a very brief mention of gore within this chapter. Basically, when Tony’s about to gag, skip that small paragraph if it makes you uncomfortable or is triggering :)
Tony had managed to spend the majority of the night dancing with his sister at the charity ball in their mother’s name, only to be pulled away from her when she was struggling to keep her eyes open and he left her to put a few chairs together at their table and stretch out atop them for a nap before they would leave. Obie had then totted him from person to person, shaking hands over proposed deals about weapons contracts and meaningless words over potentially revisiting the benched Super Soldier Program.
“Mmm, yes to the third, but I’m saving the other two up for when you least expect it,” she paused for a moment, head tilted slightly in thought. “I fully expect to be able to call you for non-judgemental bail money any day now, so be prepared,” her voice was straining to hide the laughter behind a more serious tone.
“Enjoy your curiosity. We won’t ask you questions and you’ll reframe from askin' us,” Steve cut in, seeing the others around the table tense.
Warmth bloomed in Steve’s chest at his words. Sparing a brief glance at Thor, who was hungrily eyeing a stall with fried squid on display, he steeled himself as his brief conversation with Natasha earlier echoed in the back of his mind.
“Red and gold just happen to be awesome colours. And it’s a StarkPlayer, I figured it was time we started expanding into commercial markets,” he shrugged, a small smile stretching across his face at her obvious delight.
“Really? I’m positive he got stuck last week on that ridiculous glider suit he was playing around with. I know he doesn’t clean up after himself so he must have left a pile of cleaning supplies somewhere around here.” She trailed off thoughtfully, her eyes actually looking around the area as if there would be said supplies still lying on the ground.
As if all the testosterone fueled pissing contests with other knights weren't bad enough, the next morning they met another hermit. This one wasn't so much for the personal admonishments, he just requested the brave knights to come pray in the small chapel that was built almost into the rocky outcrop of the hills they had been traveling through. Percival was already climbing off his horse and Steve looked at Tony.
. Not so much an offer, per se. I'm hoping you will agree to something we would find mutually beneficial.”
“I’m not miserable,” Tony objected on auto pilot. He spun the beer coaster he’d gotten with his bottle of tepid coke. He missed Steve like he’d miss a limb, but he wasn’t miserable. Just… not happy.
Steve might have pulled Tony in a little more forcefully than he had meant to and a lot closer than they had been before, like Antonio-close, but if Tony didn't like that he shouldn't have let Antonio do it to him. Tony huffed a little in surprise and leaned back a little to look at Steve. He opened his mouth to say something, but then seemed to think better of it. Steve closed his eyes in relief. Whatever Tony had been about to say about this, he wasn't ready to hear it. He sighed as Tony settled in a little closer still and then JARVIS cleared his artificial throat and started counting
having fun. And I dragged you onto the rink so I feel kind of responsible. If I'd allow your genius brains to spill onto the ice, it would a devastating loss to the world. So you'll just have to put up with me." Tony couldn't argue with that without somehow implying that he wasn't a genius or that it wouldn't be a loss for the world if he split his noggin, so he accepted the help more or less gracefully. As lacking in grace as he felt right at the moment, that was quite the feat.
“It is useful. The Avengers Initiative is going to cost a lot of money. Steve is creating goodwill and raising a lot of funds.”
Steve, but he had no way of explaining his maudlin mood without going into all the crap he’d kept from him. Maybe someday when being alive was normal enough again that he could have a drink or two before he called.
“I thought cats were neater than that,” he said, glancing up at Steve. Steve glanced back at him, but Tony hadn’t missed the moment where he’d looked as if he wanted to crawl into the saucer of tuna himself.
Steve chuckled and pressed a soft kiss into Tony's hair. His mouth lingering in the same spot, he murmured: "You'd be a pretty princess."
“What? No! I mean, maybe it helped. A little. Not like that, though. I mean, sex is life affirming and stuff…” Tony sighed and rubbed his face. “Do you know how hard it is to think rationally when you’re about to die?”
"Son, I can't retrace steps I didn't take," said Steve, "we'll have to go back the way I came." Tony grabbed the kid's hand and started walking with Steve.
"You know. The moon is huge in the mountains of Afghanistan. When I couldn't sleep, I'd sit outside my tent and look at the moon and I'd think of you.... And I'd hear you sing that in my head....” He sighed. “Fine. I'll wear the damned tux."
The ship was.... overwhelming. There were indoor and outdoor pools, restaurants, shops, casinos, gyms, night clubs and there were people everywhere. He automatically started trying to spot the enemy. Their contact could be anybody. Snipers could be anywhere. Contact would likely be made during one of the scheduled activities, but that didn't mean they weren't being watched this minute. It could be that guy with the dodgy hairpiece that was staring at them. Although it looked like his companion was pregnant, that might be a bit much even for Hydra. But times had certainly changed that way and....
“Then what the hell were you thinking?! You convinced yourself I wanted no part of you and you told nobody what happened between us and you were doing
Tony drops his fork and strides over to the oven. Dropping onto his haunches with his hands on the oven window, he inhales deeply with his eyes closed. Between the lounge pants stretching across his ass and the look of pure bliss on Tony's face, Steve shifts uncomfortably in his seat. Then Tony moans obscenely and Steve fumbles to drop a napkin on his lap.
“Holy fuck,” panted Steve to the ceiling when he came back down. Tony reached for the roll of toilet paper he had up here for just this reason and started wiping the come off Steve’s chest. Steve looked at him. Then he laughed.
"No, we don't. We are exactly where we are supposed to be. They know where we are. We need to let them come to
Steve can smell it first, because he is expecting it, but a few minutes later it obviously hits Tony too. He stops mid-sentence and with his fork half way to his mouth and his nostrils flare. His eyes are wide when he turns to Steve.
A little,” he admits, feeling a smile tug at his own lips. He suddenly wonders if Tony meant it, that they could fuck a few more times before they moved on. The idea is appealing.
Steve turned his head to see where Tony was. On the couch, just where he'd left him some hours ago. His back against the arm rest, one leg flung over the back of the couch, and engrossed in his tablet. It didn't look like he had slept at all. Steve smiled bigger. Instinctively, he knew this was thin ice. He could not expect Tony to replace all the people of his past. For one, that was way too heavy a burden for one person to carry and two, that would be putting all his eggs in one basket. That would be unwise. And most importantly, Tony was temporary. After this was over Steve would go to Afghanistan and Tony would go back to that workshop of his and that would be that. Steve couldn't let himself become dependent on Tony in any way, and he wouldn't. As soon as he got out of here, though, he'd make an effort to truly join this century and find some guys to connect with. Time to
Whatever. Tony was still too blissed out to work up any indignation. And it was infinitely amusing to see that his lack of fucks to give riled Clint up more than any snarky come back would have done. Tony filed that bit of information away for later use. To annoy Clint even more he gave Steve a spectacularly sappy look and kissed him slowly with lots of tongue right at the breakfast table. Steve's pink ears were adorable and Tony made sure to make that observation out loud too.
Tony had an eventful Sunday morning with his new roommates. Kittens, apparently, didn’t believe in sleeping in and they had started walking over his face at ungodly o’clock in the morning, batting at his nose and attacking his hair. So Tony had crawled out of his loft bed and fed them the rest of the tuna, wiped their faces and paws with decidedly less grace than Steve had the night before. Since he was up now anyway, he decided to get some work done. He turned on his second hand 386 and went to the bathroom while it booted. His return to his room was greeted by one kitten jumping on his head from the loft bed and the other one attacking his ankles. On the spot he named the first one Clint and the second one Tasha. He had a niggling feeling that he probably shouldn’t be naming cats he planned to take to a shelter, but the names just fit too well to pass up the opportunity.
The first thing he noticed, when he did, was that the car was moving. He hadn’t noticed it starting, so it was a little discombobulating. And then he thought through the implications; they must be heading to Bucky’s place already. Which meant… He started to struggle. Steve made a sleepy noise of protest; apparently he was settling in for a post-coital nap. Tony shook him.
felt like running and we agreed not to get separated, so here you are, jogging for Liberty and Justice. And director Fury, I suppose." Steve felt an almost giddy pleasure at tormenting Tony this morning. Payback was a bitch. Not that he felt especially vindictive about last night. Mortifying as it had been for Steve, Tony hadn't been mean about anything that happened and he
When the commotion had died down Arthur asked who else was volunteering to go. Steve kept his mouth shut. Demons were nasty and while he kind of felt he should participate in ridding the world of one, holy cup or no holy cup, he'd just gotten back and he wanted a bath and a bed and a bit of a break. If these men couldn't manage the job, he could always go later. Two more young (and significantly more virtuous) knights volunteered. Bors was short and stout and had an annoying tendency to see everything in shades of black and white with nothing in between, ever, and Percival was tall and lean and surprisingly strong. Steve hadn't figured out yet if he was stupid or just ignorant. He was about to take his leave and go find that bath when Percival started to address the the other Grail Knights who had gathered in a cluster to make plans.
"I don't know much. All he's said so far is that he's from Brooklyn and that he's been hitchhiking from somewhere east. He mentioned Hamburg and now he's heading to Rotterdam to earn some money. That's all I know."
Tony looked at him. He couldn't put his finger on what was odd about this conversation, exactly, but it did feel unusual. Maybe it was the casual way Steve had shared something from his pre-ice days without it being used in an argument. Maybe it was his own realization that Steve was much more adaptable to this time than Tony would ever be and Tony didn't even feel any resentment or irritation. Just accepted it as the natural state of things. Maybe it was the general lack of snarkiness in the exchange. As if they were conversing like friends.
Tony rolled his eyes. “And America thanks you for saving her favorite son from my wrath, J.A.R.V.I.S., well done, you.”
He held out his hand with the cat treats. The moment the smell of them hit Steve’s nose, his posture changed. It went from imminent flight to curiosity. His tail end came down and Tony waited patiently as Steve wrestled with his instincts. Tony's left leg started to go numb in the squat but he didn’t dare move. Finally, after an eternity, Steve inched forward, his nose twitching. Tony let one of the treats roll off his fingers onto the cobblestones. It was gobbled up in a nanosecond and he could see why. Steve was skin and bones, his white fur was patchy and he had a rip in one orange ear that looked infected. Tony’s heart clenched and he stretched out his hand a little further.
At daybreak Steve splinted the leg as well as he knew how. Tony bitched and cursed through the entire process, but didn't argue that it was time to go. Steve strapped the shield to his front and then offered Tony a piggyback ride.
"Hamburg is more north than east of here. And you can hitchhike that in a day, with a little luck. He must have come from way east, to end up looking like he does. What is a Brooklyn boy doing that far out?"
"Give me twenty four hours to be happy, ok? I'm sure I can dredge up some righteous indignation at your antics in due time. Maybe you can explain to me again how you value coffee over life itself, that should get old after a day or so."
