Sherlock turns over onto his left side and shoves a fist beneath his pillow. Anticipation once more wars with trepidation as he forces his eyes closed, a million different scenarios flitting through the empty halls of his mind palace before he wills himself to just stop thinking.
“I’d say make me, but that’d be-” Sherlock cuts him off with a quick kiss. “Ah, you’re a quick study,” John taunts when he pulls away but Sherlock just serves him with a dazzling grin and makes a show of baring his backside to John’s attentions. “There we are.”
“Hey, I said I would-” John begins as Sherlock stands and John has to stop himself from reaching across the table to grab Sherlock’s arm, make him stay.
“Are you saying your approach is better than others’?” the reporter asked, shoving the microphone right into Sherlock’s face, nearly hitting him in the mouth. It was a question he’d been asked before numerous times and at Lestrade’s behest had demurred and changed the subject or had ended the line of inquiry with a cutting remark; even now, as elated as he was at his finishing time, his ire began to rise at the insipid questioning.
“A codeine? A very stiff drink? Yes, please,” John huffs, reclining until his head tips back and meets the wall. “One or the other. Not both. Obviously.”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hums his agreement as he runs the whiskey between his bottom lip and teeth. It’s a challenge, lobbed at Jon, “Surprised?”
“You don’t usually go out to lunch, usually bring your own food from home, saves money. But you want to go to lunch today…” Sherlock’s eyes narrow.
It strikes John as disastrously sad that Sherlock had felt very similarly for him, all of those years. Back in the past, when they’d both been too terrified of what it meant to be in love with the person they were in love with. He, with a mad, socially-awkward, genius of a waif, and Sherlock with a damaged ex-doctor with no real future on the horizon.
“You tart,” Sherlock murmurs, shifting over onto his side, just as John does the same. It was the easiest thing, John’s palm covering Sherlock’s hand on the bed between them. “Don’t steal the covers.”
Sherlock looms above his computer, staring at the screen until the ellipsis of John typing yields a response.
was ten times what I’d normally pay, wasn’t obvious enough, the romance started about, oh, let’s say nine years and ten months ago.”
“It makes all of the difference Sherlock, all of the difference. If you get implicated in this somehow, if you cock this up, your career is over. Even if you’re to retire, every single event you’ve ever medalled in will be scrutinized. And you
Sherlock pressed his teeth together so hard that his vision went nearly white with the force of it. He knew it, knew it from the outset, that getting involved with John was dangerous. Now their dalliance had put John in direct line of that danger, something that gnashed in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach; if John was harmed due to Sherlock’s weakness, he’d never forgive himself.
?” The dog, of course, says nothing back and so Sherlock slumps, lolls his head over the back of the sofa and releases a hearty sigh, feels as though he can’t expel all of the the air pressing against his lungs. “And then what I said…”
“I’m your coach,” Lestrade grinned at him and held up the coach credentials he’d held onto from years prior. “Walk with confidence and be charming and you can get whatever you want.”
They haven’t even glanced at the menus, and when their waitress introduces herself, Sherlock asks for a few more moments, but orders a bottle of wine, seemingly off-the-cuff.
John wouldn’t call this website an actual repository of medical knowledge, neither does it seem too shabby. Thus satisfied that he’s not accidentally being scammed into downloading a virus or browsing a site that’s a front for something else—he’s accidentally managed to find three porn sites when he misspelled a word—he clicks on the chat room link for ‘Surgery.’
It’s such a line, and John relaxes from the absurdity of it coming from Sherlock’s mouth, realizing belatedly that he’d been a touch nervous.
. He primped and primed, toggling between an aubergine colored oxford and a deep blue, changing between the two twice before he settled on the dark purple one. It was then another few minutes before he decided how many buttons to leave open, one or two.
“Christ, how old are you Moriarty?” Lestrade scoffed, rolling his eyes and turning back to Sherlock. “Think you have more pressing matters to worry about at the moment so why don’t you get your sodding skis on and shut your mouth?”
When John slides a second finger into him, gooseflesh breaks out on his skin. John moves smoothly, curving his fingers just so and Sherlock gasps out and dips his head down, biting into the coverlet in order to stave his cries. His knees splay wider, cock bobbing with the movement.
For a brief second Sherlock hated himself, hated that he’d found someone that he wanted to spend time with, that he desired to be around and that he had to warn him off. “John..” he began, searching for the words to explain to him just what a terrible idea this was. “I’m sure you’ve seen the rumors about me. If we’re seen together frequently, I can assure you that the press-”
John’s grasps at Sherlock’s nape and presses him down into the mattress as he slips his fingers in and drags them out, hips rocking along with the movement. There’s a humming behind him and it takes searching through the fog in his brain to vaguely come to realize it’s John making the sound.
His mind screeches to a halt and John laughs at himself internally. Of course he’d choose this moment to let his defenses down so his libido would make itself known. Not that he hadn’t thought Sherlock handsome before, he just hadn’t thought of Sherlock’s mouth doing anything particularly lewd until now. And with his recent admission…
John, at his side, said nothing, but Sherlock felt his right hand curling into a fist between them. Sherlock gave the slightest hint of pressure back.
Molly stops halfway down the pavement and grabs his arm. He too halts, turns to face her. “Sherlock, you’re really brilliant and very good looking and well off and a catch, I think, but just…”
Sherlock provided the reporter with a quick explanation of his first run, most of it nonsense; he wanted to finish with the press so he could share his joy with his team, with
Sherlock feels seared by the kiss, by John’s mere presence–completely full of adoration for him. He feels full to bursting, and so present.
“Thank you.” Sherlock returned and poured them each a glass and then took a seat on the sofa; John wasn’t far behind.
It was shoved into her hand and she took it without thanks, firmly in the zone. She took the iron to the wax and set the base layer, scraping it off when she was happy with the coverage, taking with it any impurities and dirt that had been on the surface. By the time she was through there was a sheen of sweat on her brow and Sherlock watched on, nearly transfixed by her fluidity.
Sherlock swallowed and a rush of sound hit him; he flinched, licked his lips and heaved out a single breath. He turned and met the eyes of Molly, Phillip and the rest of his team where they stood by the exit to the hut. He wouldn’t be needing them anymore after today; he wouldn’t be needing them anymore,
Something to keep John interested, something to ensure John stays by his side. If he can manage to keep John hooked throughout the case, maybe Sherlock has a chance. Maybe Guest, too, has a chance. A chance for a future, a chance to see what John’s eyes are like first thing in the morning-
Sherlock is unsure what spurred him to open the email client on his phone--the account he'd created solely for Guest--and while he finds that odd, he doesn’t dwell on it. What he does consider for some length of time is his compulsion to email a stranger about his…
Sherlock remained still, watching for the moment when John would realize that Sherlock didn’t particularly enjoy being engaged in small talk, waiting for the moment when John would decide that he shouldn’t bother. It was like this with most people; they would try for a bit and then disengage awkwardly, slinking away from him. Generally, Sherlock was rather fond of the way things played out. Now, he found himself wanting to be engaged, still confused as to just
Sherlock kept his eyes on John, who hadn’t stopped grinning and who gave Sherlock a quick, hidden thumbs up before smacking the other medical professionals on the back as though the victory were his own.
particular. I thought Hanzu had time to work with it but… anywho, Jackson crashed blah, blah, blah, you took the gold we all know how the story goes!”
Sherlock rerouted his train of thought, forcing himself to review what he knew of the course, how the sun might affect his run, what the weather was like. The noise around him became a distant murmur as he settled into his prerace calm. Moriarty would ski with the second wave of athletes and as such, Sherlock didn’t have to be on high alert. He could focus on this run single-mindedly.
He peeled open his eyes and looked at his visage from around the bridge of his nose; this was hopeless. He needed to do his best not to seek out John again, unconscious of it or not. He wasn’t sure exactly how friends acted towards one another, especially not this early in a relationship, but he had a sinking suspicion that this was not it.
And Sherlock releases a guffaw of a laugh, both at Molly’s boldness and John’s apparent hesitation to take him there.
, Sherlock mentally rebukes himself. He needs to stop imagining such absolutely trite things. He clears his throat. “Yes, it’s quite good. Their spicy tuna roll is unparalleled.”
Sherlock smiled sweetly down at Lestrade. “Just… sugar coat it. We can’t be having her in hysterics because we’ve asked her to compromise her obviously iron-clad morality.”
She sighed and tossed her gloves into a nearby bin. “Three broken ribs, a fractured cheekbone. He suffered pneumothorax and has extensive bruising. The nose is fractured but not broken. No internal bleeding or any other breaks. He’ll need to take it quite the easy way for a while and no monkeying around.” Her accent was thick, but Sherlock got the gist of it, nodding as she spoke.
When Sherlock returns, John’s stripped down to his boxer briefs and feels about as foolish as he’s sure he looks. “I can probably get in myself, I uh-”
Erin my dear, thanks a bunch, a ton, a whole heck of a lot for, you know, this entire chapter, basically.
But John wants to hear him say it, wants the truth of all this. He wants to strip everything down between the two of them, as bare bones as he’s able. “Oh well, you know I can’t handle crass, so—”
It’s another beat before Sherlock responds. “You are, without a doubt, the most boring man I have ever met.”
A moment later the whirring stops, and Molly greets him. “Oh, hello Sherlock. Nothing in for you today, I’m afraid. Not yet, anyway. Not, erm-” She glances down at the gore covering her rubber apron and winces. “It’s the… the brain. I need to-”
Sherlock doesn’t speak, makes no mention of their inevitable sleeping arrangements, and sets his case down on the small desk in order to unzip it. They briefly unpack their things, confirm the location of the constable they’ll be meeting, and then they’re off for a day of scanning old interview notes, reviewing evidence logs and investigating timelines of all persons of interest. John is pleased that Sherlock now takes the time to sit with him and that their duties are now more formally shared.
It feels like it’s just a short while before they’re both pushing back, placing their napkins up on the table and pouring out the rest of the wine. “Well, that was…” John says, folding his hands atop the table.
“Oi, who handled all that scheduling, you arse? You’re definitely buying tonight!” Greg flicked his sunglasses up off of his eyes, as the sun was fading.
Sherlock’s reputation, his career at this point, couldn’t sustain the intense scrutiny the world would place on him if he were to be incorrect about his accusations. No, Moriarty would have to be caught in the act, caught doing… whatever it was that he was doing to his equipment. Sherlock would need airtight evidence of dishonesty.
John smiled with half of his mouth and rolled his eyes, stretching out a bit in his seat. He shrugged it off, “I’m supposed to familiarize myself with the athletes.”
A block and a half now and Sherlock swallows thickly, thinking again, for an insane moment, that he can still call this all off, remain happy with the status quo. But by the time he’s through debunking that as a bad idea, they’re on Baker Street, the dirty, red awning of Speedy’s just in view.
“I don’t know what-” Sherlock lashed out, startled by the invasiveness of the question, startled that John was being so aggressive. He wasn’t put off by it, he simply didn’t have the time to reason out a proper response. And why was John asking? Did he hope the rumors were true or did he hope for the opposite?
John eyes him with suspicion, takes another sip and lifts his face in an attempt at a smile. “Right. Ta, then.” With that, he sets his folder down, takes a seat on one of the stools, and effectively ignores the fact that Sherlock is in the room.
Sherlock slinked carefully towards the hotel, ducking down the back alleys in order to avoid the press who were lurking about and looking for a soundbite.
“Well, when you put it like that…” John said quietly, sliding his thumb over Sherlock’s knuckles. “Any word on what’s going to happen with him?”
It’s uncomfortable for a time and the bartender drops off another glass of red and retreats hastily. “I…” he begins, pausing to swallow down the ball of anxiety that’s lodged in his throat; he works his jaw back and forth, searching for the words, pushing past the awkwardness that he feels in discussing any of this with Molly. “He’s… intelligent. Can’t type worth a damn and perhaps shares too much with a stranger on the internet but… it’s strange.”
He hadn’t seen James Moriarty in over two years. The last time the two had crossed paths, Moriarty had managed to medal in the World Cup finals in Austria. Though it had only been bronze, the media had taken to comparing Moriarty’s third place podium finish with Sherlock’s two-tenths of a second fourth place. It was the first wave of articles that suggested that Sherlock was washed up, that Moriarty - only two years his junior - was just reaching his peak in the sport.
As they ate, the conversation flowed easily. Sherlock spoke of his lengthy association with Greg and John explained how he’d come to accept the job as a medic on the ski team. It was over dessert - tiramisu that wasn’t fantastic but wasn’t terrible - that Sherlock leaned back against the arm of the sofa. “Tell me about biathlon.”
Sherlock secures his hands behind his back and for a moment, looks sheepish. “I didn’t necessarily procure the room for the bed, John.” John hums to himself and glances out the large window that overlooks the lake. “Though I’m sure we’ll enjoy that.”
“You know we did,” John grumbles in return. “If we’re going to be working alongside one another I’d rather we try and be civil, so…” John sucks in a breath, his chest puffing out. “Thank you for the coffee the other day. And today actually. I’ll get you back.”
John blinks against the sight of it, swallows and forges on. Everyone seems to be meandering and enjoying the day--save for one rather tall, dark haired man who is shouting into his mobile and tearing down the path at breakneck speed--and John tries to emulate the leisurely pace for which the park seems to call.
Greg pursed his lips in doubt but took the opportunity to change the topic. “First run went smooth?”
The tram stopped, announcing their arrival at the Village; John stood, slung his kit over his shoulder and made a gesture with his head towards the exit. “Then stop overthinking it, let’s go get food.”
A growl rose up in Sherlock, beginning as a rumble in his belly and vibrating up through his throat. It released as a loud wail and suddenly Sherlock was screaming at the top of his lungs. It tore out of him, desperate and high, “Help! Help us! Help!”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hums, and peeks an eye open. The depth there is stunning, and John holds his breath for it. “Will you give me a moment, I’m trying to commit this all to memory.”
In an attempt to distract himself, Sherlock turns his attention out the window of the cab, but that too makes him think of John. There are couples on the pavement, waiting for the light to change. Three pairs, two holding hands, one laughing together.
Sherlock glares from the office to John and back once again and narrows his gaze at John, as though seeing him for the first time and finding something troubling. “You’re not frightened of me.”
Sherlock’s face shows a range of emotions in a second, and John watches them all. It’s such a breathtaking thing, watching as Sherlock realises that they feel deeply the same about one another.
“John, this is Bode. Bode, John,” Sherlock mentions, not really paying attention. The NBC media event for the skiers is swarming with athletes of every variety, people from different countries catching up with old rivals and friends. It’s not a surprise that Bode Miller–Sherlock’s co-commentator and one-time rival–is on hand, making friends with everyone.
Sherlock glanced at the back of John’s form as he climbed the steps, from the hard line of his shoulders, to his capable, strong hands, to the solid bulk of his thighs. Every time he looked at John it felt as though it was the first; every time John laughed Sherlock’s heart stuttered, every time John touched him, he craved more. He’d never tire of John, never tire of his body or his mind, his personality or his eccentricities.
John laughed and stood, levering the screen of his laptop closed. “How do you even manage sleeping in that position?”
Sherlock swallowed and considered. He knew he shouldn’t keep John, but he wanted to so desperately, wanted to believe that he could have everything with John. But his pride, his insatiable urge to be the best, the brightest, an unstoppable force, would ruin them eventually. His ego would destroy them. Yet the thought of letting this go, of letting this free was almost as unthinkable. The sentiment tore at him as he imagined turning John away and a wave of sadness overcame him.
you and I want to get to know you better, okay? If you’re doing this because you think that it will reflect poorly on me or put me out there in a way I’m not comfortable with, don’t. I understand if you don’t want a scandal, I do, but if you’re worried about me, don’t.” Sherlocked wondered if John was aware that he was standing up to his full height, chest expanding.
Sherlock narrows his eyes then, blinks and John can see the cogs turning in his head. Before Sherlock can even open his mouth John is shaking his head, a soft smile touching his lips. “Didn’t mean it like that, just meant…”
Sherlock ran the backs of his fingers down against the soft skin, gently slicking along the foreskin before snatching his hand away as though burned. Sherlock didn’t often indulge in self-pleasure, and even if he were to, it was dangerous territory at present. That would be allowing his normally focused mind to stray; to fantasize about someone he’d
John’s smile flickered and then turned into a grin. “Yeah, alright, well… you look, you need a shower.”
John huffs out a chuckle, the candle to his left flickering in the breeze from his lips. “Well, stop inviting me along on cases, then.”
“Yeah,” John said with a grin; he tugged at the short hairs on the nape of his neck, massaging a palm into the notch of spine as he turned his face away for a moment before dragging it back to meet Sherlock’s gaze. “Well…”
The sun glinted off of his goggles as he thrust himself around the first few curves, wind attempting to gust through his Lycra; he felt it in a distant, detached sort of way. His poles dug into the snow, giving him extra propulsion as the course narrowed inward and he hit the first set of turns with finesse.
“Yes!” the coach said, finally perking and turning towards John, impaling him with his glare. “And apparently suspected murder as well!”
Sherlock’s eyes scanned the crowd of competitors, noting that the Norwegians were a man down and that the Swiss delegation had yet to arrive. The idea of Moriarty pricked the back of his mind, begging him to take note, but he shoved it away, slipping his fingers around the fastenings on his boots, going through his pre-ski checks as he always had.
His username is simple enough: John5NF. On his profile page, he settles for his first name—common, innocuous—and a listing of his specialties and diagnostic capabilities. He’s careful to omit the fact that he graduated from Bart’s and that he is an army surgeon, but includes that he’s well versed in triaging trauma. Carefully, he rereads what he’s typed and then saves his profile.
It sounds as though Sherlock’s mouth is pressed right to the door when he next speaks. “What if I need the toilet!?”
John feels a hot stab of rage sizzle down his spine; the sheer nerve of this Sherlock Holmes… “Or I’ll have you removed!”
of a show off.” He stood back and looked as though he was admiring the picture that Sherlock and John presented and then he patted Moran twice on the arm. “Have at them, but be sure to tidy yourself up before leaving. No undue attention!”
Lestrade simply quirks a brow and inclines his head towards the stack in front of him. “Information on every suicide we’ve record of, over the past five years.”
and intelligent, kind and strong and quick-witted and…fit, too. John is not the sort of person that takes to the kind of person that Sherlock is.
When he rights himself, Sherlock smiles at John who feels as though his face might well split in two from the force of his grin. “So,” John says, drawing out the ‘o’ in rather dramatic fashion. A comfortable buffer of silence settles around them, the din of the other diners low enough that their position feels intimate. “That’s it, then? Years of sitting on all of this and…”
John was startlingly close, hand still gripping his shoulder hard, breath close enough for Sherlock to feel it, warm on his neck. He could just make out John’s profile, lips open, eyes slightly hooded, nostrils flared and breath coming fast.
“Hmmm,” Sherlock toys with his fork, turning it this way and that, the both of them focusing their attention on the movement of the utensil. Another long beat of quiet stretches between them, welcome and unhurried. “There are plenty of things that need saying. Though, I should remind you that I’m not well-versed in how these matters… proceed.” Sherlock’s gaze lifts to John’s once more, the flickering light of the candle making his irises glitter, very-nearly twinkle.
Moran just grinned predatorily down at John. “Well, we haven’t been caught yet. Jim is very good, very… thorough. And I’m good at, well--you already know what I’m good at.”
Greg nodded in agreement, eyes closed as his head hung back. “John’s right, Moriarty’s a fucking nutter, there was no planning for all of this… this…” Greg sighed and managed a weak, “bullshit.”
The quiet sound of slick skin on skin and John’s erratic breathing resonate in the still of the room. John realises hazily that they’ve left the curtains open and both bedside lamps are on; they hadn’t even thought to lock up, to create an atmosphere. Too hurried, they hadn’t even bothered to strip the bed of the mound of decorative pillows.
John’s mouth jumps in a delighted half smile and he bends down, touching Sherlock’s nose with his own.
Sherlock very nearly felt John pulling away, the gentle camaraderie that they’d somehow managed to build over the past few days withering. It left a hollowness in the center of Sherlock’s chest, but he was rather used to that feeling. “There’s the work of course, and most people are tedious and trite. It’s an absolute nightmare just trying to have a conversation with anyone
he hears Mycroft, condescending in his head. With a wave of his hand he banishes Mycroft to the attic of his mind palace.
The Olympics might be over for another four years, but what they’d found together in Sochi sustains them through, and will for many Games to come; Sherlock hates the sentimentality of it all, but John is right. It’s nice to have something to assist them in celebrating their love, ever four years.
John pondered that and stepped back from Sherlock, bottom lip caught between his teeth as he paced the room aimlessly. Sherlock slunk over to the sofa and tossed himself out on it, his body suddenly making him aware that he’d just put it through enormous physical exertion; he groaned and stretched, attempting to find a comfortable position.
His skis hit the ice with a jump and he was off; the start was quite steep and his speed picked up dramatically as he leaned into the first turn and whipped right. The snow beneath him was rough and bumpy and would give him no breaks even as he skied over a flat expanse of ground.
They were perfectly content to smile at each other for a time, the murmur of the restaurant closing around them like a cocoon. Between the food, the vodka, and the heat from the fireplace, Sherlock felt sleepy. Sleepy and well-fed, a sensation he hadn’t experienced or wanted to experience for quite some time. Their reverie was broken when the waiter came and wordlessly slipped the bill onto the table.
There’s a grunt and a snuff and Sherlock is wriggling down, falling asleep, still wearing his freshly-pressed suited.
“Ah, yeah, CPU instead of a heart? Encyclopedia instead of a brain?” And then John smiles. The words land hard and oily between them.
Sherlock’s eyes flit to the papers and then back to the box that he’s been carefully poring over. “Bin them.”
John can’t figure out what to do with his entire body, so he blindly reaches for his drink and takes a pull. He swallows too quickly, nearly chokes, and flushes at that, as well. “Oh, alright, I… nevermind, I—“
He picks his way across Sally Donovan’s desk--she should know better than to leave casefiles out in the open, really--before he saunters into Lestrade’s office with no warning.
He regards himself in the mirror and then checks the time, gone just after six. He still has three hours until he meets with John5NF and he’s at a total and complete loss for how to fill it. Normally he’d begin an experiment or search for a lead in the case, but he doesn’t want to run the risk of getting too involved and missing the… meeting.
that feeling alienated brings. It’s stopped raining, which he should be pleased about but he doesn’t really care one way or the other. John finds himself on the outskirts of St. James and debates going in, oscillating on the pavement before the large, wrought iron gates. There’s a twinge in his chest; he’s sure that it’s beautiful now in the spring, the neatly planted gardens all in bloom.
John’s not sure what makes him acquiesce, but a moment later he’s holding out his hand and saying, “Alright then,” and Sherlock is wrapping his long, soft fingers around John’s and helping him stand.
Sherlock was about to demure, to tell her that he’d speak with Greg tomorrow, but he saw two of Great Britain’s bobsledders spill out of the bar; this must have been the establishment that the entire team had chosen to frequent. Perhaps some of the staff for team Great Britain had come out tonight as well...
Sherlock did as told and had a large breakfast before setting out with his team for the peak of Rosa Khutor. There was a rather tense atmosphere in the tram on the way up the mountain, the conversation sparse and terse. Everyone was still feeling the effects of Hanzu’s death and wondering what had possibly gone wrong.
them perhaps more thoroughly than he had with Sherlock? Was he in his hotel room somewhere across the Olympic Village? Would he run into John again, and if he did, what would he say?
“Indeed. I’m glad Molly made this suggestion. I haven’t eaten here in ages.” Sherlock mentions, his thumbnail flicking at the edge of his menu.
They’re silent for most of the walk, but as they draw closer, Sherlock finds that his apprehension keeps notching up a level. They reach a crosswalk two blocks from Baker Street and Molly glances up at him. “Stop it.”
Before he has the opportunity to pry open the simple white bakery box, he remembers. Something John5NF had said when they were discussing their favorite places to eat in London.
The last text shows a time stamp of just a minute before and Sherlock sends a text back, preventing Molly from inundating him with further banalities.
“Meet? Oh my god,” John says aloud and slams his laptop shut, quickly, not wanting Guest to see that he’s online.
“I wish we hadn’t John. Waited. But then. What would we have been- if that first evening, if at Angelo’s, I’d… taken you up on it. What would we have been?”
Leaning on his left hip, Sherlock slung his right leg over John’s, tangling them together as he grinned stupidly at the lush reactions he was pulling from John. Bringing his right palm to his mouth, Sherlock licked a wide stripe across the skin and then moved to take John’s cock in hand.
John chuckles into the sweetness of Sherlock’s skin, kisses under his chin, licks over his Adam’s apple and suckles there for a moment before pulling abruptly off. “Just a mo’,” he says breathlessly, and bounces back to the side of the bed, stripping himself of his socks.
Sherlock’s gaze lifts to his, watery and unsure. “I... “ he sighs, draws his hands down over his face. “I am feeling… everything. I didn’t want to wake you, but it feels as though,” he sighs again, “My chest is going to burst open.”
“Sherlock,” John whispered once, low and then again louder when Sherlock didn’t budge. “Sherlock, we can move now.”
“I won’t be able to compete in the circuit again, this is my last year. It’s nothing to do with age but with the deterioration of the body. More precisely, my knees can no longer take it.” Sherlock saw the chance and he took it, knocking one of his knees against John’s. It was risky, a move like that, when they were out in public but the thrill at doing so negated any consequence that might become of it.
After another moment weighing his options, he dialed Greg’s number. He didn’t bother with pleasantries, just answered Lestrade’s greeting with, “I need you to keep an eye on Moriarty.”
Sherlock turned and met his gaze head on, looked down his nose at the shorter man, who was so close that if Sherlock had bent just a fraction, his nose would have rested against Moriarty’s. They stared at one another, neither speaking, neither moving, as they tried to suss each other out. Sherlock’s eyes were cold and hard, but Moriarty’s held a glint, something maniacal and dark that made Sherlock wonder.
“He’s not,” Sherlock said, gravely serious, but Greg just tipped his head and gazed at him for a long moment.
“If you could all just perk up a bit that would be grand,” he said. “This is my last Olympics and… and as such I feel it necessary to make known that… you’ve all been invaluable to me. So, please, if you could focus on the task at hand now, as you always have, and not the dire circumstances that one of our own has suffered that would be…”
Mike lets out a belly laugh--actually clutching at his stomach--and shakes his head. “Sherlock isn’t so bad. I don’t understand why so many people are frightened of him.”
“What do you think about Pyeongchang?” Sherlock mentioned, shooting for off-hand as he held up an Erlenmeyer flask, directly in his line of vision between himself and John.
John feels himself tighten, his entire body responding to the point of contact, and rolls his hips so that their erections press together.
He scissored his skis back and forth on the hard-packed snow, warming up his calves and thighs. It was bizarre, how completely numb he suddenly felt when just a moment before he’d had dozens of emotions warring within his chest; now he wasn’t nervous, wasn’t excited, wasn’t sad to be ending his professional skiing tenure. Sherlock had been preparing for this race,
Sherlock swipes the pad of his thumb over the slit of John’s prick and John bucks, helpless to the too-bright sensations. Sherlock stills, presses lingering kisses to his temple and soothes him back to coherence.
Walking was slower with John, whose gait was smaller and who seemed genuinely interested in taking in his surroundings. This was his first Olympic Games after all; it only made sense. Sherlock did his best to mind his patience, wanting to linger alongside John for as long as he was able; it was rather a novel sensation when he didn’t immediately want to break for the hotel once it was in sight.
John crouched down and got straight to it, and Sherlock was pleased to find that John trusted Sherlock; he didn’t check that the door wasn’t wired, or that they weren’t being surveilled. He obviously trusted Sherlock at his word.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John; there had been a few pieces in the sporting magazine after his broken-ribs incident, mostly quotes from the bystanders who had heard the way he’d treated the course medics when they came to attend him on the slope.
“A bit,” the man conceded, but then grinned and clapped a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “But it’s brilliant. Congrats, mate. I’m going to grab the tram back down so I’ll… I’ll see you at the finish.”
“You are quite aware how much of your shit I actually put up with, right?” John asks, though there’s no real anger laced in his voice, just a patient sort of annoyance. Sherlock isn’t nearly as demonic a roommate as some people implied he might be. John doesn’t mind the violin or the odd experiments; he supposes he should be more bothered by the fact that it’s virtually impossible to bring a date home, but he isn’t. John doesn’t spend too much time thinking about that. “It’s a lot.”
Sherlock takes Redbeard for a short walk, grabbing himself a latte with an extra shot beforehand. They meander around St. James’ Park and then Sherlock checks on the tongues again, showers, shaves and dresses for the day. He takes special care to adorn himself in his most striking ensemble. He leaves the top two buttons of his plum shirt open and forgoes the blazer that he would normally wear.
It had been some time since Sherlock had done something like this but he fell into it easily, experimenting with pace and pressure briefly before finding a rhythm that had John panting out incoherent words into the air between them. He smeared kisses against John’s mouth, their tongues sliding messily. John’s hand came up to twine in Sherlock’s hair, holding Sherlock’s mouth to his own as Sherlock stroked his prick with precision.
“Yeah, you did. Took me years to give credit where it’s due, but…it all makes sense. You are… the best and wisest man I’ve ever known, told you that before. Still true now.” John swallows, glances to the floor, and stretches his left hand to mirror his right, on his left knee. “In the interest of getting it all out there, yeah? Because I don’t think, that after this conversation…we’re going to be the same. Please, just…”
John sighed and pressed his fingertips to the corners of his closed eyes. “He might be an idiot but he’s
“Why are you insisting?” His voice was low and rather than being cutting it had the edge of intrigue. John was doing his best to engage Sherlock, to get him to
“Yoki,” Sherlock says, clasping his hands behind his back. He knows it well, it was one of the recommendations he’d given to John5NF. He wonders if John5NF has tried it yet, wonders if he has tried it if he’s been there recently. Will he and John Watson be seated in the same place that John5NF sat?
John smiled, his voice dipping lower; he took the pause to settle his onto the heel of his palm atop the table, elbow propping his arm up. “So what will you do, then? Coach?”
Once in the sitting room Redbeard makes an appearance, shuffling out from under the desk to say hello. Sherlock pets him twice as he stoops to grab his laptop and the he tucks it under his arm and returns to his bedroom in order to get himself situated in his bed once more; it’s only a moment before Redbeard joins him, circling the bed once before plopping himself down at Sherlock’s feet. “We’ll go for a walk in a bit, alright?”
John chuckles to himself as it all falls into place in his mind. Tongue catching at the corner of his lips, he pecks away eagerly at his response.
“Alright, how do you two know one another? Did he follow you home, because Sherlock doesn't have friends.” Greg asked mock-innocently, head ducked down towards the table, eyes angled up and glancing between Sherlock and John.
“Will do,” the tech reassured, and with the assistance of the rest of his team got Sherlock securely into his equipment. He exchanged a glance with Molly only once; her mouth was set in a severe thin line and she had dark circles under her eyes. Lestrade must have spoken to her before they’d gone to bed.
It occurs to Sherlock that John is no longer by his side, and he stops fretting about what all of this is or isn’t and joins him at the small table to the left of Lestrade’s desk. John and Lestrade are chatting, friendly, buddy-buddy. Rugby, the construction on the Bakerloo line; normal, human things.
,” he says, as though he and the dog have been having a conversation all the while. Sherlock screws his mouth into a thoughtful twist, lets Redbeard’s lead out a bit longer. “And then he takes my mobile number…assumes that he’ll…”
John feels the strangest urge, to get Simon’s last name, to snoop around on the internet for him, to find out what he looks like. He wants to know more about this man who apparently captured Sherlock’s attentions and affections for more than a short moment. He must be something special, John reckons, and simultaneously takes his own estimation of himself in Sherlock’s regard, down a few pegs.
“Tell me, Mycroft,” Sherlock said, sparing one last glance at the scenery outside before sitting down on the bed. “Why were you always so
“John!” The voice is familiar, but he can’t really place it. For a moment he contemplates pretending he didn’t hear who called him and continuing on. John’s a common enough name, but something makes him pause, his eyes narrowing.
Lestrade pursed his lips and took a step away, backing down. It was then that John appeared, slipping into the room quietly. “Lestrade,” John nodded his head in greeting.
John had texted the night previous. Sherlock had snickered, googleing John’s name and easily finding photos of him online with captions such as “Sherlock Holmes’s longtime beau John Watson takes in biathlon.” He had texted all of them back.
John’s teeth grind against one another as he tries to shake off the feeling of being peeled open. He very nearly feels violated. “How… could you possibly know I have a therapist.”
It was a long few hours taking insufferable calls from his parents and Mycroft, another round of photographs for his sponsors, and an official portrait for the British ski team. Eventually, he was allowed to make his way back to his room, exhausted and wrung out.
“Naw, naw. It’s your last big hurrah, I was wondering when you were going to unleash your true self on the masses.” Greg allowed his hands to fall into his lap and stared off into the distance. They were quiet again, Sherlock’s silence tenuous, as though he were waiting for the other shoe to drop. But Greg just glanced around them and leaned back to rest his seated weight on his palms. “Bad form if you don’t stick around for the other racers,” he mentioned offhand.
Sherlock sends the email with a stab of the trackpad and sits back, irrationally angry that John would think himself anything other than spectacular. But then, Sherlock knows how easy it is to be self-deprecating; he’s practically medalled in it. For all of his egotism, he’s aware that he’s socially awkward, very odd-looking, and caustic. But, if a man like John can find it in himself to be friendly–
Gazing down at John, Sherlock allowed his hands to trail down the man’s forearms until they reached where his hands rested on his hips. Sherlock circled thumb and forefinger around his wrists and bent down, just moving his lips over John’s. “You’re a strange man,” he whispered, brushing the tip of his nose against John’s.
Sherlock glances over, silently assessing him from top to bottom. His eyes flit momentarily back to the Pyrex dish he’s pouring a beaker of something into, and then they’re back on John. “If you’re the one wanting to use it, doesn’t it stand to reason that you’re the one to clean it?”
to consider it and so he doesn’t, instead banishing the thought and roughly tugging his mobile from his trouser pocket.
Again, he rolls his eyes, nods and glances over Molly’s shoulder. It’s silent for a time and then Molly is passing by him, snagging him by the elbow and tugging him along. “Come on, let’s at least get a drink into you, loosen you up.”
what John Watson was up to, he immediately contradicted himself, feeling a spike of jealousy at the thought of John chumming it up with a luger or being friendly with the curling team. He slammed a fist down on the table, attempting to reroute his mind onto more important and
Sherlock merely grunted, gritting his teeth and pressing down and back. It was two more presses before Sherlock tipped his head in John’s direction, just slightly.  “Are you intentionally going out of your way to run into me?” he asked, pressing down on the tricep machine with effort.
“Ha, that was a sex holiday. But this, I could get used to this.” John gripped Sherlock’s hand in return.
But this was different. Yes, his career was on the line, but so was John’s. John’s reputation and good name hung in the balance. If he didn’t play this exactly right, if he didn’t come up with concrete proof, he could ruin John’s life. Sherlock contemplated what exactly that meant – he was positively
We hope Holmes is right. He’s posted faster-than-normal times on his home course and seems more limber  than usual, something many seasoned downhill competitors struggle to maintain later in their careers. The International Ski Federation spokesman Gian-Franco Kasper claims that Holmes is one of the most graceful and composed competitors he has ever seen. “Gold is within his grasp for sure, if he keeps his ego in check,” Kasper tells us. “He’s got such command over any course, it’s really quite something.”
“Ah, no. Never seven times, not with… no. I’d say that’s impressive, but I do know you and your penchant for dramatic hyperbole. So.”
Sherlock’s heart plummeted instantaneously and he pushed his head firmly into the pillow before beating his face into it twice. Just as he’d feared, a member of the media had caught them at it. At
“Because now would be good,” and Sherlock’s back to poking fun, jostling them about until they’re side by side on the bed, shirtless, shoeless, nervous and giggly and eager.
His fingers find an unfinished patch of wood on the floor and he runs the pad of his right middle and index over the little indentation, his skin just almost catching on the minute splinters. “Nine months. That’s.”
He toweled off quickly and had a shave, ignoring his erection and spending perhaps a bit too much time regarding his countenance in the mirror. He knew he was an attractive person, and paid close attention to his styling, but he wondered momentarily if perhaps John found him attractive. A groan escaped him and he allowed his forehead to fall forward and thunk against the slippery glass of the mirror.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered open as he recalled the bright glint in John’s eye even as he warned Sherlock of the possible repercussions of investigating, even as he acknowledged the risks they would face.
“No need for an explanation, Molly,” he smiles at her and glances around the room, on the lookout for John. “Shall I just leave your coffee-”
“Hmmm,” John hummed, taking a step back though his fingers lingered on Sherlock’s hips. His cheeks were flushed and his lips were reddened and Sherlock was fairly certain he’d never had his breath stolen until that very moment. “Expect what?”
While they are both more human than either of them really wants to admit, it seems to John as though they’ve realised that they don’t need to hide from one another any longer. It’s equally refreshing and terrifying, as though they’re standing together on the edge of a cliff.
Sherlock, baffled, gawked and finally managed to sputter, “Just run an unassigned card through the reader! Assign me a new card, it’s not terribly difficult!”
“I cannot actually fathom that there will be anything that I dislike,” Sherlock say, twisting his head around to look at John, his chins multiplying as he does so.
It took him only a few minutes to get himself geared up; at the last moment he switched his helmet out, going for a new, untested model.
“One second,” Lestrade says and clamps his palm over the receiver. “Jesus Christ, can you not? Please?” He tosses a pen at Sherlock for good measure and returns to his call, and Sherlock evades the projectile easily.
, something he owed to John as much as to the two glasses of wine he’d finished. He was having a lovely time, having
They sit in a silence now tinged with anxiety, John feeling entirely thwarted, silently condemning the bartender to a whole host of maladies. There’s something inside him that feels ashamed for being so frightened of all of this, after everything he’s experienced. How overcoming his fear of allowing Sherlock to know the contents of his heart make no sense to him; mentally, his gives credit to Ella, specifically for having to deal with the fucked up inner workings of his psyche.
The request is audacious in its presumption that John should do as told and not ask questions, but he still opens the attachment. John tries not to think too much about it: about how curious he is, about how strange and thrilling these emails are, about what the information he gives could possibly be assisting with.
Macabre, but interesting. Sherlock looks at the photos from every angle, rereads the report and then on a whim, takes out his mobile. John5NF had helped him before, why not now, he reasons, and indulges in a moment of pure giddiness as he address the email.
He’s wearing an amused expression as he nods towards John’s dinner. “At the risk of sounding positively indecent, you should eat your dinner. You’re going to need your stamina.” His eyebrows waggle comically and John’s never felt so positively lit up before.
“It is inappropriate, yes,” Sherlock pauses, glances away and then back. John feels oddly like he wants to point out that it’s a bit pot calling the kettle black, saying that John is being inappropriate. “But it is nonetheless true,” he says, spine straightening in a manner that John catches it immediately and feels the need to assuage whatever thoughts are running through Sherlock’s head.
For a time, John simply watches the proceedings in a few chat rooms. He clicks into “Dermatology” to find a discussion about discerning between contact dermatitis and eczema. Over the next hour he finds himself scanning the “Pregnancy,” “Ophthalmology” and “Orthopaedic” boards as well.
He turned his gaze out the window, looking at the mountains in the distance and waiting for the tram to start up. Sherlock was startled from his reverie as Lestrade greeted someone boisterously, offering up a seat with them.
, later I’ve some things in store for you,” and with that John pressed his body flush against the back of the cupboard and left Sherlock to slump into the wall beside him.
John finishes up his first day around five and begs off when Mike texts to ask if he’d like to get a drink. His hips and shoulder are throbbing, having not had to undertake such a long day of being in use in quite some time. John makes a mental note to make an appointment for a physio tuneup and sets off down the road towards his flat.
Greg smiled and pulled his face away from where he had nestled it into the curve of Molly’s neck. “Oi, John, you’re a good man and it was brilliant meeting you. Sure we’ll be seeing more of one another. And take care of that one, eh? He’s not as tough as he looks.”
The official looked him up and down, from the tips of his skis to the mottled purple of his face, nodded and stepped back, leaving him alone, looking down onto the course.
Their snogging ebbed in intensity, comfortably shifting from passionate and intent to lazy and lingering.
Redbeard is fully awake and engaged now, scootching over on the bed to settle his head in Sherlock’s lap. “I know,” Sherlock says to him, accusingly. “I’m a terrible human, keeping you up. You could always sleep in the sitting room, you know. Or perhaps that enormous and expensive dog bed that’s on the floor.”
John gets himself a cup and an apple and returns to the computer, intending to finish up his resume. He sits down, rolls his shoulders in preparation for a few hours of formatting and self-aggrandizing and poises his fingers over the keys.
Sherlock found the gym moderately populated, as early as it was. He recognized some faces and nodded to them in greeting, making his way through to the locker rooms and finding a cubby for his bag. He was in the middle of situating his kinesthesiology tape on his knees when a low, cat-call of a whistle resonated behind him.
He bristled at himself and sat back, crossing his arms over his chest. Why did he care at all? He shouldn’t; John Watson didn’t matter. Sherlock Holmes wasn’t here to make friends or meet people, he was here to stand atop the downhill podium, his first Olympic gold around his neck.
By the time he makes it down to sub basement B, it’s nearing noon. Still, he’s unprepared for John Watson pushing his way through the door, shrugging on his coat.
was the object of Moriarty’s ire; if he hadn’t fallen for John, there would have been no danger to him. If he hadn’t been so spectacularly stupid, John would just be another member of the ski medic team, an innocuous presence at the Olympics, no one at all of note. There was nothing for it; he had to get John out of this, and the simple and obvious solution was the only one left to even consider.
Sherlock let his head fall back against the wall and his eyes to slip closed. Even as he shook his head slowly, he couldn’t wrap his brain around it; he grinned and curled his fingers slightly into John’s biceps.
Sherlock clears his throat, and takes an absurdly prim sip from his own glass of Lagavulin. His tongue even takes a pass over his lips before he speaks, “More to the point, not with any woman.”
“Would you like to come on another case with me?” Sherlock interrupts, and rather loudly too—several of the tables surrounding them turn to glance over.
, and it was slightly disconcerting, but the flow pulled him and he went with it, too carefree to give very much of a toss.
“Yeah. Maybe so, but for the next while these are your coworkers and I know you don’t care, necessarily, but
His feet bounced against the floor and he began tapping his phone case against his lips. Sherlock couldn’t just sit in his room and wallow; he could try to speak with the other skiers, somehow wrangle out of them any information they had. But they were surrounded by their teams, and he didn’t speak with any of them to begin with; that would be suspicious. He groaned and pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes, conceding that getting out of his room would at least be good for the cabin fever that was encroaching.
Redbeard blinks as he pants, but does nothing else. “You're a terrible listener,” he pats the dog’s head. “You really are.”
John cleared his throat and glanced down at his shoes. “That break ins are common in Sochi, that… that it would be a shame if anyone were to get inside of the Marin Suites,
With a groan, he spilled, John’s hand never leaving him, his lips just ghosting against the skin of his prick until he was through and spent, and he jumped when he felt John’s tongue at his thigh and his belly, smacking kisses against his skin.
He saw John across the expansive space, chatting with one of the mogul coaches, and John gave him a half wave in goodbye, to which Sherlock dipped his head in acknowledgement. It was a blessing that the flight had landed when it had; he wasn’t sure he could afford himself the distraction of puzzling over John Watson any further. He had the course to think of and gold to strive for; he had to set his sights firmly on getting on the top of that podium.
They finish the bottle of wine, Sherlock pays the tab, and they exit the restaurant together into a chilly evening. The bed and breakfast is a bit of an amble away, and John feels anticipation in every step he takes.
It was a strange miasma of indecisiveness. It felt foreign, even the notion of being inside the building and not being in the B flat, but the conversion made sense. Rosie was growing like a weed, and it wouldn’t be long before they would have outstayed the welcome that Sherlock had extended. Still, even being just down the steps from Sherlock felt somehow wrong, in a way that being clear across London never had. When John was in Baker Street, John should only be scant feet away from Sherlock Holmes.
is, to worry about hurting someone else. He doesn’t want to lie to him, either. He wants, truly, to go back and do it all over again, enter the coffee shop and sit down and just… just watch John’s reaction.
“Damn,” Sherlock says under his breath and the dog gives a gentle “Ruff,” detours over to a tree and does his business. Sherlock cleans it up with a clinical detachment, distracted by hopes that John5NF looks more like the first or second version he’s dreamed up rather than the third.
“Tcha,” a disbelieving laugh. “That was a bit of a cock up on my part, making you think… making you believe that and not telling you how I really, you know, felt. Big cock up. Huge… cock up.”
Distantly Sherlock wondered if the announcers back home were commenting on his presence and wondering if their words were positive or harsh. He didn’t much care either way, as long as they
He made a stop in the cafeteria and did a very thorough job of carbo-loading, so much so that he took a photograph of his food and sent it to Greg. He knew it would needle at him that Sherlock was finally preparing for a race properly and didn’t have to be forced into it by a well-meaning but particularly annoying coach.
Sherlock checked the clock and typed a quick response back. It wasn’t too late, and he figured he had a chance for a quick breakfast, so he pulled on a pair of loose but thick sweatpants over his spandex and prepared to head out. He set his teeth against his bottom lip as he acknowledged John’s presence on the course. It made
“How- okay, first of all, I didn’t assume anything. The junior DI-you know what, no.” Lestrade begins, pinches the bridge of his nose and lowers his voice. “How did you know about the staples with all that… that gore?”
Sherlock’s hands, warm and smooth, press against the line of where John’s trousers meet his waist. “Shirt off, please,” Sherlock whispers and the right side of John’s mouth sneaks up, goofy and delighted, and he rids himself of the shirt, flinging it off towards the end of the bed. “Thank you,” Sherlock murmurs, oddly formal.
“Yes. Well. The shoulder, then,” John reasons, suddenly finding himself warm at their lighthearted exchange. “And, you know, chasing after you for a good four hours, it takes a toll on the body.”
“You’re so easy to rile up. Your face is very pretty, darling.” Mary opens the door and sticks her smiling face in. It’s such a thing, but he can’t help smile back. “Get your arse out of there. We’ve got to get ready, haven’t even a bottle of wine in to bring with us!”
“Rather graphic,” Sherlock said with a laugh and noted that he too felt that way; the pills were finally taking the edge off, however, and a lovely swell of warmth was taking over his body. “Though the Vicodin is beginning to help considerably. Brilliant stuff.”
The chaos of the past few days melted away and Sherlock could see the course for what it was, its raw angles and jumps. He was doing what he was
“That’s good. Me too,” John says quietly. He reaches across and holds Sherlock’s hand in his until it becomes impossible to finish their meal without separating.
“John,” is all Sherlock manages to say before John is climbing back onto the bed, inelegant in his haste. They nearly knock together, Sherlock levering up on his elbows and John crashing down, and it ends with them both tangled, John laughing into Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock glared once at the members of the commission before closing his eyes with finality. Let his reputation be damned if he could keep John Watson.
John’s movements were shallow and when he brought his mouth to Sherlock’s the angle was slightly off, making it a bit awkward. So too were Sherlock’s attempts to wrap a hand around John’s weeping prick, but they made it work, huffing out breathy laughter when their noses would knock, groaning when John tilted his pelvis just so and managed to sink down all the way.
Rumors abound that Sherlock Holmes factored into Moriarty’s arrest, though details are unconfirmed as of late. Speaking with Holmes’s ex-coach Gregory Lestrade, we learned only that Holmes was preparing for the final in the downhill, which due to recent events was moved to Thursday morning. A spokesperson for the IOC tells us that they will be issuing a release about the matter as early as Wednesday evening.
Still, each time he saw John, that want seemed to manifest, take on more of a whole idea, a real, identifiable shape. Sherlock’s lips twitched impatiently as he willed the idea of John to solidify wholly so that he could understand it, begin to make some sense of it.
Sherlock shot Greg a look that very clearly said that it wouldn’t get him anywhere. “I’ve had a cortisone shot in my foot, it’s fine.”
that. He recalls a husband relating a tale of a home-cooked meal that ends with an argument. It all begins to make sense, the little things, the keys given and asked to be returned, the anniversaries and births and deeds signed. It’s people building their lives around one another, wanting that. It’s important, because that’s the minutia of a relationship.
“I loved you, you know, before then,” John says, his heart nearly bursting with the long-held truth, nodding to himself, as though he’s encouraging himself along. “It’s uhm, I know it and I’ve felt it, but you should… know it. It’s uhm, it’s time, I think.”
“Oh, oh just fuck off,” Molly slurred and giggled nudging John gently in the side. “I still,” she lifted her head and glared at Sherlock. “I want to see that medal, I want to hold it, wanna see how much it weighs.”
Lestrade licked his lips and took a shaky breath. “Alright, what, lay it on me. What’s wrong with this situation, what could possibly be wrong. Tell me everything now before I go in headfirst and cock it all up.”
So when Sherlock had announced the case—absolutely no room for argument, they were going—John had grabbed his laptop, booking them coach tickets and a rental car. Sherlock had insisted he’d find lodging for them, as he was by far the pickier of the two, and didn’t “trust” John’s taste level to make an adequate selection.
Sherlock is already in bed, a sweet curve of a half-moon beneath the blankets. Rounding the bed, John uses his towel to quickly dry his hair and then tosses it over a chair, climbing in with Sherlock completely nude.
Sherlock chuckled, dry-swallowing the Vicodin before reaching around John for a bottle of water that rested on an end table. “Yes, lucky you that I finally, finally-”
“John,”  Sherlock had said, derision so thick it was nearly visible in the air between them. “You tend to gravitate towards descriptors like rustic and sweet and we’re likely to end up in a barn. The idea of you picking a room for us is actually quite anxiety-producing.”
“Don’t I know it,” John breathes, finding the courage to sling his arms loosely around Sherlock’s hips as they come together for a hug. “Filling your mind palace with all sorts of filth.”
Sherlock blinked out at the course and then back at her, mouth set in a determined line. “Have I given you reason to believe I’m not capable?”
“What are you doing on the floor?” John Watson asked, doctorly concern coloring his voice; he looked just about as tired as Sherlock felt and for a beat, Sherlock allowed himself to simply look up at him. “Are you hurt?”
He’s hot, sizzling, feels a spark of electricity ignite low in his groin, and John chooses that moment to slip an index finger slowly inside. Sherlock’s breath huffs out, hard, his eyes squeezing more firmly closed as he’s slowly taken apart.
think something is up with today’s injury. We should get out in front of it, get him here before he comes to us.” John’s hands paused and then curled around Sherlock’s, lacing their fingers together.
“This place is… strange. They don’t seem to operate under the same ideas of hospitality here.” John shrugged and took a seat next to him on the bed. “Well, I can run downstairs and see if I can find someone but you’re uh, you’re welcome to stay here if we can’t get you into your room. You’re not missing out on any medications are you? Anything you needed that you can’t make do without until tomorrow?”
“Exactly what he said, tell me exactly what he said to you,” Sherlock intoned, casting a glance towards the doorway out of habit.
“And,” Sherlock begins, slowly, taking a step in John’s direction. “I can continue to use the tub for…purposes other than bathing?”
“What makes you think I want to be rid of you?” Sherlock placed a wet, open mouthed kiss in the hollow of his throat.
. Adorable, really you are, not as adorable as your pet, that John fellow, though,” he sneered and Sherlock did his best to rein in his anger and shift his face into a passive mask. “He is quite
Sherlock smiles at John, and then directs his gaze down at the bar. “Yes. That and the name amused me.”
. But Sherlock knows that this is something that people say. To sound genuine. To sound interested and engaged.
Sherlock takes a breath, forges on. “He was…trying to date me, or save me,” his lip catches between his teeth in a strange display of self-deprecation. “Both, come to think of it. I haven’t thought about him in…” Sherlock blinks, seemingly startled out of the memory he’d been wading into. “Sentiment.”
Sherlock frowned, and licked his lips. He had his stock answer, his cold, controlled, post-race diatribe. But it was the last time he’d be giving an interview like this, and truth be told, things
“Boss, I’m so proud of you,” and then she was pressing her mouth against his in a kiss. “After all these years, oh Sherlock, oh I’m just so proud, and John! And you found John! And!”
Sherlock barked out a laugh and continue to stare at John, whose eyes were slowly fluttering closed. He looked entirely, completely
Molly nods, smiles, perches a hand on her hip. “Well, I’m the one who makes the selections and then it just has to go to the board to be approved, but that’s never been a problem with any of the others.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes and huffs, but is already beginning to unbutton his cuffs and roll them up towards his elbow. “Don’t be difficult, John. I have epsom salt. It would be better than you just lazing about here.”
John toes off his shoes and runs a hand through his hair, shucking his jacket as he makes his way across the room to get a glass of water in the kitchenette. He leans against the countertop and closes his eyes, hearing his heartbeat in his ears. For a time the only sound in the tiny flat is the dripping of the faucet and John’s own breath, until the chiming of his phone startles him. He’s across the room in an instant, fishing it out of his coat pocket.
Sherlock’s tongue peeks out to wet his lips, and he sighs, taking another sip of his wine before leaning across the table, almost conspiratorially. It makes John nervous; Sherlock’s intent to admit something important is quite clear. His voice is low and helpless when he says, “I don’t know how to do this, John.”
He doesn’t text Sherlock back, wouldn’t begin to know what to say, but he rereads the text one last time, smiles and places the mobile face-down on the desk as he slips into the chair. John feels…
“You’ll get it next time,” John said pleasantly, and returned to lounging against the booth. Sherlock, for his part, was caught up by John’s response.
John walked into the room, paced between the window and the table of the living room and then stopped, hands balled into fists at his sides. “So.”
Sitting back in his chair, John brings his thumbnail to his mouth and begins worrying over it with his teeth. He’s not terrified of meeting Guest, quite the opposite: he’s thrilled that Guest was the first one to suggest it. What he’s worried about, what he hadn’t even considered until this very moment… if what if Guest doesn’t like John Watson?
Would he have allowed himself to do it any differently, especially considering how self-deprecating he’d been about having feelings towards John at all?
Sherlock considered, tapping his mobile against his mouth. If he got Greg involved, that was putting his credibility on the line as well. There was nothing for it, he needed Greg’s help and would certainly explain why if asked. He just hoped Greg wouldn’t ask for the time being.
“Is the system down again, Sylvia?” There’s a smile in his voice as Sherlock asks the question, as John visibly tenses as he hears Sherlock speak and peeks around to confirm that it is indeed Sherlock Holmes behind him.
“Things got in the way, yeah, a whole fuckload of things,” he mentions as he toes off his own shoes, stumbling and using Sherlock’s right shoulder for leverage. “But, interruptions and… displacement and…
The lift dinged for his floor and he heaved in a large sigh, resolving to deal with the intricacies of the John situation at a later time. Sherlock stepped off and made it to his room to discover that Lestrade had already gotten inside.
With a sigh, Sherlock gave his number and begged off, giving a stilted goodbye before hurrying away. He was halfway to the hotel before he realized foremost: that they' were going to the same place and he could have waited. Secondly, he never got John’s mobile number in return. That was rather rude, he supposed, but it would be far too awkward if he were to turn around and double back and
Sherlock frowned, leaned back, and ran over each of Moriarty’s stints on the podium, his weaknesses and the likelihood that at he would medal. Sherlock had to be snapped back to the present when there ceremonies ended, and he rose on rubbery legs to follow the flow of people out of the seats.
“It’s all under investigation,” Lestrade murmured, eyes, still closed, cutting into their conversation. “But Moran came to shortly after you two arrived here, did a bit of talking,” he added, casually.
Again, the dog doesn’t respond and Sherlock feels guilty that he doesn’t want to get up and take him out, but not guilty enough to actually follow through on that. He shoots off a quick text to his landlady Mrs. Hudson, hoping that she’ll take the dog to the shops with her; when she responds that she’d be happy to, Sherlock informs Redbeard of the good news.
A light pressure, exquisite for both, before John backs off. “Hey, just in case it wasn’t clear, this is it for me, I’m gone on you.”
“Fuh-” John manages, lifting his head to glance down at Sherlock before he slams his eyes shut, head falling back onto the pillow with an audible, downy thump.
Pulling back, Sherlock spit and then used two fingers to work against the wetness, slicking it over his hole without any real pressure. John’s body twitched and Sherlock took that moment to press the pad of his index finger inside, curling the tip just so, letting John acclimate to the stretch.
Sherlock comes with his head tilted back and mouth open in a silent scream. It’s almost violent, the snapping of his body, as he nearly sits up with the force of his orgasm, come striping up his chest, to his own neck and chin. John watches, transfixed, as Sherlock edges away, falls back, greedily sucks in a few gulps of air. Only when he stills completely does John move his hand away.
He was seated at the small desk, tapping away at his computer, oblivious to Sherlock’s consciousness. Sherlock did his best to clear his throat primly and John turned, a gentle smile curving his lips. “Bet you’re feeling that in your back.”
Sherlock nods, “Would be wise.” Sherlock taps against John’s skin a few more times. “I’m going to,” he gestures towards the wall with his thumb.
It takes them one long circuit around the walking path before Sherlock breaks the silence. “I’ve no idea why I asked him to dinner. It’s too
“Here,” Sherlock urged, helping John to roll over onto his stomach; he grabbed a pillow and together they worked it under John’s hips, careful of the heavy erection that hung between his quivering thighs. “Yes, god, perfect,” Sherlock hummed as his palms reached out to grasp John’s arsecheeks. He squeezed experimentally, jiggled them together and John giggled. With a little smirk, Sherlock lifted this left hand and brought it down on John’s arsecheek in a light and playful slap. “None of that now.”
can admit he’d been a complete arsehole to the new morgue technician; he’d zoned in on the man’s inner fears and had gone straight for the kill shot without a second thought.
From his prone position on the floor, Sherlock could make out Moran’s manic expression, his harried, jerky movements as he took stock of the two of them on the floor. For him to pull this off--for him to
Sherlock toggles his head this way and that in answer and turns his attention back to the street; John watches him curiously. He’s incredibly observant, John can tell by simply looking at him, and he knows how to have a conversation, even if he doesn’t seem to enjoy it. He can fully understand why some people might think Sherlock a dick but John–for some inexplicable reason–wants to know more about him. About why Sherlock is the way he is.
Sherlock orders two rolls of his own, and then hands both of the menus back to the waitress without looking. They don’t speak for a moment, both content to watch the passersby. After a time John slides back in his seat, hands on the table and assesses Sherlock.
“Boring,” Sherlock says, breathily, rolls his eyes and snatches up his menu anyway, startling a pleased chuckle out of John.
, yes?” Sherlock scoffed aloud and rolled his eyes, batting away John’s concern with a flip of his hand. “You’re in this too. If something goes awry you’ll be scrutinized as well. Can you handle that? Are you willing to risk your reputation for something that may prove fruitless?”
It’s easy for Sherlock to take over his thoughts; he’s just had a very nice dinner with him only days ago. And the promise of assisting on another case has lifted John’s spirits exponentially. Sherlock is fascinating, for lack of a better word; he’s danger and intrigue and John doesn’t quite understand him, and that’s appealing. But he misses his interactions with Guest, the rapid-fire wit, the strange questions, the black humor.
Sherlock ground his teeth and attempted to remain civil. “Again, I can’t make any comments regarding James Moriarty.”
Sherlock sends before he even has time to think about what he’s written. There’s an instant pang of regret because, well, it’s generally difficult to convey tone via text and Sherlock’s statement certainly reads as accusatory.
Sherlock scowls down at the screen, prepared to send the drafted email into the trash, when the taxi swerves violently, the driver shouting out a curse. When Sherlock rights himself, he finds the email gone from the screen of his phone. There’s a different burning in his stomach now, as he immediately opens his sent messages folder to find the
“You told me your name was William.” John says, once Molly is out of earshot. Sherlock switches his tiny smile to the other side of his mouth and takes a step over to the nearest occupied gurney.
run through him. John Watson isn’t altogether unattractive; he’s a bit plain, if Sherlock had to put a word to it, but he has very intense, expressive eyes, and carries himself very well, carries himself confidently and assuredly. His hair is a rather nice shade, and if it wasn’t for the frankly hideous jumpers that he seems to be so fond of wearing, Sherlock might even have the benefit of being able to appraise what seems to be his very fit body.
“So don’t dodge them, don’t… don’t talk to anyone. We’ll…” John sighed and closed his own eyes briefly. “We’ll figure it all out afterward,” he assured, even as Sherlock rested back on his heels, pulling away.
it. But this is what he’d intended, wasn’t it? To put John off and spare him the spectacle of getting caught up in Sherlock’s life? Keep him from being smeared in the press, from becoming the media’s pawn?
“Well,” Moran cracked his knuckles in the cup of his palm and then settled his hands on his hips with a heave of a sigh. “Just the three of us.”
Mycroft tutted audibly, notching Sherlock’s impatience and annoyance up even further. “This is dangerous, Sherlock.”
John’s eyes flit to where Sherlock’s fingers bracket his hips, before sliding up to meet his gaze. “Or?”
John considers for a moment. He doesn’t want to ask about pay or hours, and this all feels so informal that it rings a bit “too good to be true.” Still, he’s speaking to the head technician and she’s offering him a paying job, putting his medical training to use. It’s not a sham, she doesn’t want to know about what he did in the past, Mike’s word seems to be enough and she appears to be intelligent and sweet, but beyond that,
Sherlock isn’t at all surprised he finds himself a bit melancholy that things are wrapping up. Even as a non-competitor, he’s been inspired these past few weeks, filled with anticipation and elation at being back on skiing’s largest stage. It’s sad that it’s ending, that it will be four years before he’s asked to participate in something this large and all-encompassing again—if he’s even invited back at all.
“Yes, we’re really having sex,” Sherlock deadpans.  He’s full to the brim with something he can’t place, something like love but so much larger, that he can’t acknowledge it head-on. John’s going to marry him, and John’s as much in wonder as he is, and it’s all a bit too much.
“You’re bollocks at dirty talk,” John says in return and peels Sherlock’s face away, brings their mouths together once more. John licks in with a hunger that suffuses the room and Sherlock responds, body rising and pressing fully against John’s. “You make up for it in other ways, though. Turn over.”
“As of an hour ago, yeah. That’s what people do at pubs, they chat over pints. This one was one of the only ones who wasn’t pissed straight away coming in here. Your team’s a bunch of lushes.” Greg laughed and clapped Sherlock on the shoulder once more. “What are you drinking?”
“I know the proprietor!” Sherlock blurts as he slides across from John at the table. Then, he remembers he’s still in his coat and can’t decide whether to just leave it on or get up and take it off; he doesn’t want to cause a scene.
Sherlock had no idea what to wear or what to order or what to expect. He didn’t panic but he did overestimate how much food they could eat, and placed a room service order for an exorbitant amount of money; fruits and steamed vegetables and Russian delicacies and menu items he couldn’t pronounce. He couldn’t decide on a dessert so had urged the man in the kitchen to bring up whatever he thought was good and ended the call.
He fit his goggles over his eyes and checked his poles one last time before aligning his skies over the line. There was a chime, and then two, and on the third, Sherlock shoved off.
Sherlock takes a breath and realizes in the instant how remarkably protective he’s been of their relationship. Some of the more feeble–minded publications have accused him of wanting to remain closeted; in reality, Sherlock simply doesn’t want the extra stress on what they have. Their schedules and related but wildly-different sports put enough of that on them; he doesn’t need the world chiming in, speculating.
Sherlock rested his back lightly against John’s chest and felt some of the tension drain from his body. What an incredible turn of events, he thought for the umpteenth time, stumbling across
you now? Well good, that’s good. I hope enjoying yourself will aid in your unseating Moriarty as champion.”
After dropping their bags off with the staff in the lobby of the hotel - Sherlock made sure to impress upon them the importance of
John does take him to lunch and then Mike brings John back down to sub basement B. He meets up with Molly to go over the rest of the paperwork and once she hands him his permanent identification badge with Associate Morgue Technician emblazoned on it, there are still three hours left in the day.
The consulting detective work he’s been engaged in on the side has been incredible, and has given him a sense of purpose, of commitment, that perhaps, he thinks, he’ll dedicate more time to it upon their return to London. Not as a replacement for skiing, but as a sort of next step.
His face morphs from shock to a scowl when he sees the man from the bench, grinning at him and primly pulling off his leather gloves. “You-” John begins but is interrupted by Molly.
A groan escaped him and Sherlock melted back into the couch, just catching the edge of a smug smile curling up on John’s face as his eyes slipped closed once more. For a long while there was nothing but the soft sounds John drew from him with his capable hands and the whisper of flesh on flesh.
John swallowed, glanced down at his hands and then met Sherlock’s eyes with a look of conviction. “I think your guy Moriarty had something to do with this.”
“Phillip,” Sherlock turned to John, his expression completely void of any emotion. “He said Holsinger was just provided with the same demo skis that I was.”
Sherlock smiled at him and knocked a knee against John’s and John pressed back, warmth seeping through Sherlock’s trousers and suffusing his entire frame; it was lovely. “Believe me when I say I’d much rather be in a situation where I could readily give you one-hundred percent of my attention.”
A blonde reporter with a microphone bearing the logo for NBC Sports sidled up to him and, once sure they had the airtime, addressed Sherlock. “I’m here with  a
changed for him. He blew out a breath and considered. He felt the pain that was throbbing in his foot and his ribs flare back up and he acknowledged silently how close he’d come to death.
Redbeard gets bored of his waffling and tugs him back towards the pavement, and Sherlock goes willingly, almost as if the dog is walking him. They continue trotting down the path, around the lake.
He swallows, prepares himself, reaches over to grab at his cane, like he already knows how Sherlock is going to respond. “Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime… far too much.”
“The camber on those is super thin, so pay attention to how they react on the hairpin turns,” Phil called, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, pulling his goggles down firmly over his face.
Sherlock turned, walking backwards away from him, wanting nothing more than a hot shower and a mountain of food. “Oh?”
“I, erm, here,” she shoved them towards him whilst biting her lip and Sherlock took them, frown turning even deeper.
He feels a bit terrible about that, as they walk back home. If John5NF is indeed as interesting and entertaining in person as he is online, it shouldn’t matter what he looks like. But if Sherlock were to want to kiss him-and he does, he finds, want to find out about John5NF’s body
John’s vision blurs momentarily but he picks up a line and follows it, eyes reading along as the chat continues to update. There are a few questions about proper emergency procedures in Accident and Emergency units from a person who seems to be looking to take legal action against a hospital. There is one user addressing that person directly, while others are popping in with simple questions such as, “How long does it take to recover from seat belt injuries in auto accidents?” and “How often is ultrasound used to confirm abdominal injury?”
For a moment it seems that Sherlock has actual conceded the argument. “What do you even do in there?”
The murmurs from the other teams cut through the tension, and after a moment everyone was going back to what they were doing, the scene having played out. Sherlock sniffed again and set his gaze back out the window, onto the snow. “I can take care of myself,” Sherlock growled quietly.
Sherlock blinked twice and ran his tongue over the roof of his mouth, gathering saliva. “Key card didn’t work and every single member of the staff seem to have disappeared.”
“Oh yes,” John said, laughed and poured Sherlock a drink. “But back to the… whatever it is.” John grinned and sat up straighter in the booth and Sherlock felt a wave of relief. “All
“Like Mrs. Hudson even does leases! Next time you’re going to threaten me, make sure there’s some truth behind it,” John chuckles and reaches for the glass of ice water set on the floor.
John smacks his arse lightly and steps over to the bathtub; the pipes give a delightful groan before water begins spilling into the basin. John sits for a while, watching as the water swirls, picks up refracted light, diffuses it. He can hear the breaking of the waves and the wind as it squeals through miniscule cracks in between the stone and the glass.
: That must have been difficult, and I’m very sorry to hear that. It must have been a challenge for you to assimilate back into civilian life, given what I know of the military.
John considered, licking his lips, lips that had just been on Sherlock’s. And even though he knew what they felt like, what they tasted like, Sherlock’s eyes followed that tongue and gazed at that mouth. “No, no, it was… I haven’t done that in a long time. It was lovely.”
John imagines it, chuckling as he does, imagines seven or eight of the amalgamations of Guest chasing down a medical examiner. It’s vaguely amusing each time, but John also finds it rather exciting. It all sounds like something out of an E4 drama. He doesn’t know whether Guest is bragging or is simply giving him a rundown of the events, but either way, John’s entertained.
“Sherlock,” John says as he rummages through Sherlock’s disastrous bedside table drawer. “The mess…”
John has to lean back, as his back begins to act up, but he takes Sherlock with him. They sink into it, this, their second kiss, and it turns warm and slow and lovely. It feels simultaneously like the most natural thing that has happened to him, and also the most important.
He does a cursory check of the news and then logs into his email. There’s a hefty amount of junk which he deletes and then notices that Molly has emailed him all of the documents that she had promised. He reads them over quickly, resolving to give them a proper look in the morning, with fresh eyes. He is sorting through the rest of his inbox--who knew people could accumulate so much mail when they did relatively little in terms of web browsing--when he notices a personal message from the chat room he’s joined.
There was a beat when Sherlock wasn’t sure he’d said the right thing; John’s eyes narrowed and he gazed questioningly across the expanse of table. Sherlock held his breath, couldn’t help watching as John’s tongue peeked out at the side of his mouth.“Is it? Brilliant? Angelo’s?” John was resting his hands flat on the table and Sherlock wanted to surge across the table and rest his mouth on the man’s knuckles.
“That is to say,” he clears his throat, but that doesn’t sound right, either. How can he put any of this into words? How can he possibly verbalize what’s in his veins?
Sensation pitched up his spine and Sherlock dug his fingers into John’s skin, fuzzily hoping that he would wear his fingerprints beneath his clothes for days. “Oh god, John, John, I-”
Sherlock’s mouth twisted before flapping open, though no words came out. Promptly, he snapped his lips closed and Lestrade gave a shrug, resuming resting his eyes. Sherlock frowned further, but returned his attention to John.
not to see it.” Sherlock ponders for a moment. “Or really just a normal human, you’d have to be a normal, common idiot not to see it.”
Greg made his reappearance, dirty steak knife in hand and began sawing through the rope. “Jesus, so, he come here to finish you off?”
Sherlock shook his head, glancing to the right of the camera. “I really can’t make any comments regarding James Moriarty.”
Sherlock stands, gaping at the words on the screen, and silently curses John for thinking so little of himself. Nothing to write home about? Well, Sherlock has something to say about that. Even if he has to keep it to John5NF and not John Watson.
His eyes slipped closed as he tilted his head back and took a deep breath; he couldn’t afford to become overwhelmed about this. It took him a moment to clear his mind but once he did, he tried to figure out what he should do. It was nearly ten o’clock in the evening and he needed rest if he was to make another training run in the afternoon. There were two options: he could sleep in the hotel lobby - a rather conspicuous location where he’d be susceptible to being photographed by the press but also run the chance of finding hotel staff to get him situated - or he could sleep here, right here, on the floor.
After a moment he heard the wonderful, relieving sound of John joining in on the shouting, voice strong and sure and defiant. The sound prickled the hair at the back of his neck and Sherlock briefly contemplated telling John to shut up, to stop drawing attention to himself, but he didn’t want to draw any more attention than necessary to John; there was nothing to be done but shout and hope that someone would come for them.
“Moran threatened me,” John cut him off abruptly and Sherlock took a step back, feeling a quick little jab of skepticism. They’d only been separated for three hours; surely the Moriarty contingent hadn’t had enough time to finish their meal and return back to the gym for a workout. Moran would have had to go out of his way to get back to the athletic complex.
John pressed his forehead to Sherlock’s and let his weight guide him down. It was one, long, luxurious moment of John enveloping him until he was fully seated inside. Sherlock grit his teeth at the sensation, overwhelmed by the heat and the pressure, his hands going to frame John’s face, tilt it up from where he’d dropped it to watch Sherlock slip inside, to be able to look him in the eye. “John.”
“Ladies and gentleman, the silver medallist, Daniel Abrecht of Switzerland!” Again, the crowd cheered as Abrecht reacted much the same as Miller had, holding his medal in front of his face and jokingly pretending to take a bite out of it.
“Evisceration!” Sherlock says, indignance coloring his voice as he looks from Sally to Lestrade and back. “How did I miss that?”
“Not gonna pretend we’re going to be awake long enough now,” John punctuates with a yawn. “But room service when we wake up?”
Redbeard peeks his eyes back open, gets up from where he’s plopped down, and walks to the other side of the bed and rearranges himself until he’s comfortable. Sherlock frowns, feels slightly betrayed but follows suit, dozing off to the rain pattering against the window.
Sherlock checked the time, bored with watching his fellow countrymen chat and laugh. He closed his eyes and retreated to his mind, doing his best to block out the commotion. The flight was roughly nine hours with a stop in between; if all went according to plan he’d be checked into his room early enough that he could make his way to the mountain and make a preliminary visual inspection of the course before the other athletes arrived. Not that this would give him an idea of his time - the snow would become more and more carved but it would give him some inkling of the curves and likely speed of the course.
“You can see him finding tuck right here and tucking all the way through; this next section is where I expect to see the aerodynamics. He’s so tight here, just a really capable athlete. We see him checking some speed at the bottom,” Bode says, note of awe in his voice.
His warring feelings of overwhelming affection and rightful fear coalesce to make him wish the sleeper sofa wasn’t in the room at all. The queen bed might have been enough of a catalyst to spur thought and desire to action, but John can only anticipate the gentle back-and-forth of determining who will take the sofa and who will take the bed. It’s a convenient excuse to ignore the very real tension that has been full-to-bursting between them.
He spends the next few hours lurking in the trauma chat rooms. When the shadows on the wall begin to shift and the first rays of sunlight peek through his curtains, he crawls into his saggy twin bed, brain ceasing its incessant buzzing for the time being.
“Seriously, Sherlock,” John whispered, finding the fingers that were in his hair and twining their hands together almost too tightly. “Get out of your head. I know what you’re thinking, I know that you’re trying to talk yourself out of all of this because you’re a
“Proper bed, now,” John points out, as though the tail end of a wonderful thought, a little bubble of giddiness floating the last of the sentence to Sherlock’s ears.
on his face. He wouldn’t be able to stand if it he were ridiculed because of this. He slumps down in his chair, just a bit, and hopes and hopes that once Sherlock is served his coffee, he will leave.
“Jesus,” John laughs again, loud, tilts his head back and glances up at the ceiling before tipping it back to make eye contact with Sherlock. “Course it’s a yes. Yeah, let’s do it.”
“Listen,” Molly says, sipping again at her glass. “You’re handsome, dashing really, and quite smart and yes, you’re… you know,
John breathlessly drew his knees up, allowing Sherlock better access, but even as he did, Sherlock knew he’d be unable to lavish the proper attention on John in the position he was in.
Now, Sherlock raised a hand and hailed a cab, making sure John was tucked inside before climbing in himself.
Crossing the finish line, he caught sight of his time and tossed his arms and poles up in the air, grinning towards the sky. It was a run he’d been hoping for, technically flawless; Sherlock was over the moon. He was so exhilarated that when he tore off his helmet he let out a boisterous whoop and turned towards the crowd before bowing his body backward and letting out another loud exclamation of, “Yes!”
Wrapping himself in a towel, he glances briefly at his reflection–he looks the exact same as he always does–and shuts the light.
John presses his lips firmly together and huffs out his irritation through his nose. If Sherlock can be smarmy and patronizing, so can he. “Your
John blinked, sucking a bit of cream off of the side of his pinky. ”Thought you said it was barbaric.”
A growl of a laugh in John’s throat and he ducks in, secures his teeth carefully around a nipple, teases.
When he returns to his bedsit, he’s a bit sore and very tired and he drops down into the small desk chair and feels relief. He’s going to sleep tonight, he knows it, and he’s grateful for it all. Compulsively, he logs into his email to find a bevy of messages from Molly.
“There’s most certainly blackmail going on, but…” Sherlock said. “Hanzu’s death reeks of intention. Perhaps his wax was replaced with whatever substance Moriarty has.”
“And then he hit the snowbank and bloody well flew right into the river!” Greg sold the punchline by doubling over with laughter, his whole body shaking with it. Molly swung with him, her own sweet giggles pressed into his shoulder. John chuckled heartily, stumbling over a cobblestone as they made their way out onto the main thoroughfare; Sherlock found himself reaching out a hand and grabbing John’s bicep to stop him from falling.
“I cannot believe this,” Sherlock says as he gusts through the door to his suite, the heavy mahogany meeting the jamb again in a loud slam.
John had been relieved; he loves his daughter, but he had been missing the quiet intimacy they’d shared before on trips away. Dinners together, morning coffee in one another’s rooms as they examined case files; even sitting next to one another in a stuffy train car had been a treat for John, something exciting to look forward to. It was in those moments that he’d allow himself to get caught up in a fantasy, that they were going away together simply for the pleasure of it, because they wanted to be alone, and not for work.
By the time the police had been dealt with and the scene had been documented by photographers and delegates of the IOC, the sun had slipped behind the mountains and Sherlock was quickly losing his patience with the deluge of people who had invaded the room, and John was struggling with not falling asleep.
Redbeard is more than thrilled to see him, as is the frazzled dog-walker, to whom he pays an exorbitant fee.
, these online chats and emails, forever. Or, or… he could meet the person on the other end of the computer, he could meet the person that he’s been sharing aspects of his life with for these past weeks.
Sherlock swallowed and turned back around, sliding his face into a careful, casual mask.“You heard, about the… the tabloid piece featuring John and myself?”
God, Sherlock hates emoticons generally, but in these emails, he doesn’t find them entirely off-putting. Another email pings in his inbox, right on the heels of the first one.
He listened while he was on the machines, killing two birds with one stone, but he didn’t come up with anything other than exclamations of shock about Hanzu's death and general criticisms over the complexity of the course. Sherlock wasn’t surprised that he was the only one in the skiing community to believe foul play to have had a part in the tragedy, they’d been overlooking Moriarty’s skin-of-the-teeth wins and strange athlete injuries for years.
“Well,” she says, finally just putting the files down on the edge of a metal counter, “it wouldn’t be so bad if I had an assistant, but they all keep--oh wait, oh! Mike!”
The only response he gave was a stern glare back to which she just shrugged and turned back to her conversation, leaving Sherlock to his thoughts.
The answering smile that lit John’s face was a bit bashful, a bit self-deprecating. “Want to have the mysterious Sherlock Holmes all to myself a little longer.”
“That I most certainly am, though in what context is entirely up to you. I’m in no rush.” His prick gave a twitch to suggest otherwise but Sherlock did his best to ignore it, recognizing that after the day John had had, perhaps intercourse wasn’t appropriate.
“Whyever would you say that,” he responds, cracking a small smile. Mary really is terrific, and very, very good at making him laugh when he ought not to. Like Sherlock had been.
He produced a bundle: tweezers, a few nail files, a small paring knife and various wires and random small rods, truly an eclectic collection. Sherlock was dubious, and the twist of his lips said so.
It was an hour crouching in the cupboard before they heard the entourage stomp back out of the villa, Moran barking about making their reservation on time. Still, they stayed pressed against the back of the enclosure for another ten minutes just to be sure they were gone for good.
bored, too put out. Sherlock takes that as sure victory and without another word he heads back out the way he came.
Sherlock turns to him immediately, his countenance severe. “It’s not a trick.” The ‘k’ is crisp and loud.
“Oh,” Molly plucks the chart from the gurney and ducks her head as though reading intently. Her reply is very, very quiet. “Just some tongues.”
Sherlock made his way back, going through each room meticulously. There were four bedrooms, each clearly being used, though it took him until the very last to find any sign of Moriarty or Moran. There were water glasses on both night stands, a men’s watch on the right hand stand and one on the left as well; so then, Moran and Moriarty were an item. Not surprising, but it went a long way to explaining why Moran was so vehement about keeping a close eye on the other man.
“Mmm,” Sherlock glances out the window, at the people walking by, does his very best not to deduce their lives. “Not someplace one would generally come alone.”
The layout was rather open, though there were beams and support columns that looked randomly placed. While Sherlock was busy taking in the interior, John ducked around him. “I’ll sweep the house.”
Sherlock came to and bolted upright. He didn’t recognize the room he was in but that was no surprise; he’d hardly had time to get to know his own accommodations before he’d gone rushing off for the slopes. It took him a moment to get his bearings and as he turned to the right to stretch out his aching back, he caught sight of Doctor Watson.
“Shacking up,” Moriarty ridiculed, twirling in the center of the room. “Being so obvious about it all, really, Sherlock. In a place where this sort of thing,” he whistled and darted his finger between the two of them, “is really,
He had an old suit of Lycra on, a suit he planned to get rid of after his Olympic training was over, and he pulled up a pair of training shorts over them for warmth. Lastly, he zipped his heavy parka - the same he’d been training in for the past five years - and fit his helmet onto his head, visor up.
The adrenaline was coursing through Sherlock’s veins and he could see from John’s profile that he was rather amped up as well. They’d just broken into the flat of one of the most famous skiers in the
“Yeah, we have, how are you, man?” Bode asks, clapping a hand on John’s bicep for a moment, jovial and animated.
Sherlock goes nearly boneless, melting back into the pillows, allowing John to take the lead, though he’d intoned earlier that he’d wanted to be the one calling the shots. But John-in-charge is a sight to behold, and it disarms him nearly every time. Confident and agile in his movements, he moves to Sherlock’s neck, tongue peeking out to sweep over his carotid, dipping back to curl and flick around an earlobe.
And the smarmy smile that Moriarty had given the camera, knowing that Sherlock was watching, knowing that Sherlock was aware of just how close he’d come to out-skiing him. Blinking his eyes open, Sherlock looked across the expanse of water to the other end of the tub, resolute. First, he would discover what he could about the members of Moriarty’s ski team, and then he would figure out where their weaknesses lay.
John holds Sherlock’s gaze for a long, long moment before he sits up a bit straighter, sandwiching his fingers between his knees and clearing his throat, not wanting to lose this chance to lay it all out there. “It’s too bad that there isn’t a sleeper sofa in our room, innit?”
They finished their meal quickly and in a comfortable silence; there was no real discussion of what the plan was. Sherlock was quite sure that he and John were on the same page and John gave the impression that he could not only hold his own, but was quite capable under pressure.
There was another brief moment where the atmosphere in the room shifted from serious to heated, but then John stepped in between Lestrade and Sherlock and placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Right, listen. We’re all rather tense now, yeah? I think a nice dinner and a full night’s sleep will do us all a world of good.”
The flat is dark, and it takes John’s eyes a moment to adjust. When they do, he catches a glimpse of Sherlock in the hallway, just outside his bedroom door, one hand on the doorjamb, the other hanging at his side. There’s no room to misinterpret what’s about to happen, with Sherlock is stood in his oldest pair of sleep bottoms–John observes things too–and white vee-neck shirt. They’re just going to be sleeping tonight.
A thought occurs as he pulls out the sugar, “Let’s hope that this doesn’t mean Molly has a crush on me now.”
John blinked up at him in shock, anger rimming his irises, before the look faded away into resignation and acceptance. There was no one else; John wasn’t the sort of man who let his guard down, but he’d done so in front of Sherlock. He’d chosen Sherlock. “...Sorry.”
Sherlock hunkered down, setting his gaze resolutely at a point on the wall, and started another set of reps, pressing down and back against the resistance, working his triceps.
John looked Sherlock up and down. “You took the last one about seven hours ago? Hm, one should be alright, but if you start feeling odd, cut yourself off.”
me, something is up,” Lestrade jests and falls back into his chair, rolls away from his desk a bit. “So, anything?”
He was in the process of running his hands through his hair and tugging painfully when his mobile lit up. Sherlock extracted one hand from his mess of curls and held up the screen, noting that the number was one he didn’t recognize and that the message appeared to be empty.
–that Guest had a very, very good reason for not showing up. He has to win John’s trust back, as both Guest and as Sherlock Holmes, has to earn John’s affection, his attention, his friendship.
Sherlock gasps and Redbeard startles at it. He has two options, to click yes, or to click no. If he clicks no, John5NF might take that as a sign not to email him further. If he clicks yes, this will become even more personal, and Sherlock isn’t sure if he wants that. The pad of his middle finger drags the cursor back and forth across the screen as he stares at his options.
“It’s not a problem, exactly. I don’t want anyone to know about it because I haven’t had you to myself for that long. I don’t want anyone to know because, well, we don’t rightly know just what we are to one another yet. I don’t want others to have it before we do,” he bit at his lower lip and paused. “If that makes any sense. It’s not because I’m ashamed or afraid... I would just, you know…”
Sherlock laughs to himself and bends back towards the body, sniffing it. “How did I know all of that?”
John’s smile faded until it had slipped from his face completely and Sherlock did his best to continue on with his workout without being fazed. “Right, I… right.” John licked his lips and shrugged. “Sorry to interrupt your workout.”
Sherlock smiled, plucking his goggles off and resting them atop his helmet as he stood in front of the media podium as was standard. He managed a genuine smile and waved at the cameras that were shoved in his face, huffing out tired breaths as he looked up to the board where the numbers remained, bright red and clear. He’d skied even better than he’d hoped he would.
Greg’s lips twisted into a thoughtful purse. “Well, I erm, I mean, I can try it’s just that she and I--”
,” Sherlock confirmed gravely, knowing that he and John were on the same page. Moriarty had gotten to Holsinger’s skis thinking that they were Sherlock’s, of course he had.
“No, it’s…” Carefully, Sherlock rests his napkin back in his lap, takes up his chopsticks once more and snatches up another piece of maki. “Fine.”
Sherlock made a few notes in his moleskine before replying. “British Ski and Snowboard, the BBC and NBC Sports. Still early, yet.”
Sherlock’s eyes cloud for a moment, fill with something John can’t place. He doesn’t look away from John for a long while, but then turns his gaze back forward, across the bar. “I’m not bothered, though I sincerely hope you don’t snore.”
“I’m guessing you don’t drink.” John sauntered up, mouth curled in a welcoming grin; he looked happy and carefree and for an inexplicable beat, Sherlock resented him.
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed flatly and hugged back, allowing Greg to support his weight momentarily as finally, the shock wore off and the sensation flooded over him. “Greg,” he said, croakily.
Sherlock is shocked to find himself smiling back, crossing his ankles and sitting forward. He’s being… genial. Rarely is he ever this easygoing at the Yard, even in Lestrade’s presence. How positively baffling; from the look on Lestrade’s face, it seems that he’s noticed as well. Sherlock cuts to the point of his visit, hoping that Lestrade won’t call his chipperness into question. “Bored, you must have
They take a cab to Barts and once they arrive, Mike insists on paying. “You got the coffee,” he says with a shrug and John allows it, because he knows that Mike is not the sort of person who feels that others are beholden to him.
After Borgen’s run, a Swiss racer crossed the line three tenths of a second behind Sherlock, and then a Russian, at nearly the same deficit. The scoreboards and screens flickered off of the Russian’s stats, and Moriarty’s name was displayed in brilliant, pixellated orange. The crowd behind Sherlock erupted in cheers - though, if he had to assess, they were not as boisterous or emphatic as the cheers to which he’d crossed the finish line. Simultaneously pleased and ashamed that he cared about such a thing, Sherlock turned his attention to the monitor displaying the feed of the race.
“That man didn’t know how to hold a pistol; it would have been fine. Now, I have another hour.” John wriggles his fingers in the water, watching as it disrupts the bubbles.
Sherlock stops on the pathway. “That’s good, isn’t it? Taking my number, wanting it. Proves that he’s…interested? That he wants this to continue? Perhaps I’m not as off-putting as I’d once thought.” Sherlock stops walking abruptly, narrows his eyes, thinks about John’s motives. He certainly doesn’t want to second-guess John; John’s proven himself to be honest and upstanding, but Sherlock can’t help wonder what John could possibly want from him.
The reply reads slightly caustic, though John doesn’t have much interaction to go on. If the way they spoke via direct message was any indication, this person doesn’t seem to have much patience for anyone. John’s mouth twists as he closes out of the email; he’s not sure what help he’s been just confirming someone’s suspicions, but it had felt… good. It had felt good just being consulted about something. Why Guest wanted his input, John is still wary about, but he decides that his mantra for this interaction is,
“Would love to,” John nods, feeling incredibly wrung out all of a sudden. He feels lighter, too, having aired such a wealth of emotions tonight, but due to the conflicting impulses in his mind and body, he’s exhausted. Sherlock steps in the room first, soft light from the bedside lamp the only illumination.
John groaned low in his throat and then choked out a cough. “I’m a contusion, Christ, I didn’t think--”
“Doesn’t it?” Sherlock’s eyes are clear and too close and beseeching. John realizes that it matters to Sherlock in a way that it has never mattered to him. Sexuality. John has been able to slip through life, bedding anyone who was open to him; Sherlock, on the other hand, has reserved this part of himself so steadily, that John doesn’t know what to think, or to say. It’s a conversation that they’ll have to unpack later, because he wants to know, wants to know it all. But there will be time for that later.
“Well,” John smiled; Sherlock attempted not to be charmed by the crest of pink on his cheekbones. “Yeah, I mean… most people do.”
“And you couldn’t bear to live anywhere else,” Mike says knowingly, and before John can even attempt to contradict him Mike presses on. “You know after what happened at Hillingdon they’re diverting all of the volume that needs to be stored there to the morgue at Barts.”
Sherlock’s gaze followed John’s tongue as it peeked out to wet his lips. “So you’re not most people then?”
“Oh god,” his eyes screw up tightly, and he doesn’t know how to tell Sherlock everything that he feels in the moment, how completely large and beyond his body he is.
It was similarly quiet and anxious at the starting line as Sherlock wound his way through the other competitors to the hut. Inside, coaches spoke in low tones with their athletes and techs bent low over skis they were waxing. Sherlock noticed Lestrade in his periphery and caught the man’s one curt nod before he turned back to speaking with a member of the Swedish delegation.
“Nah, s’fine. I don’t mind. Worse situations that this in Kandahar.” With that, John rounded the bed towards his suitcase. “Have a shower, get some sleep, you’ll get things sorted in the morning.”
Sherlock manages to curtail the smile of victory that threatens to spread across his face. Instead, he holds out the second cup of coffee towards John, who eyes it warily. “What’s that?”
“More,” John croaked after a moment and Sherlock’s breath left him in one, long heave of exhalation. With his free hand he palmed the lubricant and slicked up the crease of John’s arse, the fluid sliding down to pool around Sherlock’s finger. With care, Sherlock pulled out right to the tip and sank slowly back in, the resistance he felt giving way after a few strokes.
Sherlock chuckles silently and writes another line of text. “Who you were with? You didn’t realize who you were with?”
“Up with you,” he says as he pets Redbeard’s head, jostling the dog as he gets up to retrieve his laptop. He returns to his seat on the sofa as he waits for the computer to boot up, immediately resolved to attempt to set things right.
“Kill you? Oh no, I’d no intention of killing you, you weren’t important enough for that. No, I just wanted to  get you out of the way. Fractured femur would have been just fine with me!” Moriarty shrugged, hands in pockets and he rocked up onto the balls of his feet. “But you’ve been sticking that aristocratic nose where it doesn’t belong. You and your pet here and frankly… I’m over it.”
“Erm, I’ll see you tomorrow?” John asked once he was at the door, hand on the knob. Sherlock gave him a short nod and John opened the door to exit. “Goodnight.”
“I’ll say,” John muttered, just loud enough for Sherlock to catch it as he ducked his head towards his pint glass. When John glanced back up from his beer, Sherlock was staring at him openly, considering.
Sherlock kept his upper teeth slotted hard into his bottom lip, hips giving aborted little thrusts into John’s palm. “I,” Sherlock whispered, throat closing as John slicked his fingers just
John huffs out a chuckle, makes brief eye contact; they share a delighted, naughty smile. “Yeah, well, damned buttons barely cover… all of this.” His hands move about in front of Sherlock’s nearly nude chest.
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock struggles over onto his other side, tossing a humor-laced, “You’re impossible,” over his shoulder.
“Yeah,” John growled, gritting his teeth for a brief moment before twisting his head and biting at Sherlock’s neck. “Yeah, do it.”
And being back at all, well, that was something else entirely, something that pricked under his skin, though not in a completely bad manner. It was as though something was warring within him, spurring him to make some sort of decision he couldn’t put his finger on just yet.
, emphatically, that he was not. And the fact that he seemed to be passing as such for the entire world to see rankled Sherlock in an entirely personal way. He was someone who prided himself on being the best; he worked incredibly, painstakingly hard to get where he was and though he had the ego to go along with it, he
He took a deep breath and held it in his chest. This was the culmination of his life’s work; this was what he’d toiled so hard for. This is what he’d put his body through hell for.  Sherlock felt the cool metal beneath his right hand and it was a struggle not to curl his fingers around it.
Sherlock sank until his neck was resting against the lip of the tub, stretching his arms out along either side; he closed his eyes on a pleased sigh, the tension and soreness draining from his limbs. He knew he should relax, get himself back into a placid state of mind, but he couldn’t help thinking about Moriarty.
Sherlock’s vision wobbled as he tried to assess whether John was breathing; it was dark in the room and he still wore his bulky ski parka so Sherlock had to concentrate all of his efforts to gauge whether John was drawing breath. He seemed fragile and small in the chair, his skin lighted by shadows; Sherlock wanted nothing more than to reach out and touch him, feel John’s skin warm beneath his fingertips.
He cursed himself internally for letting it get this far, for letting himself care as much about John as he did, and in such a short amount of time. He was stupid, he was foolish, this was all his fault, and it was up to him to get them out of the predicament. “Do you want?” he lamely finished.
“I could—” The range of emotions that play out on Sherlock’s face, that have played out on Sherlock face in just the past hour, knock the wind out of John. “—assist you.”
Sherlock crawls onto the bed, long limbs supporting him as he hovers over John, swipes their noses together briefly and then kisses him, lowering himself to nestle into John’s side.
The intercom blared to life interrupting the tense silence that had fallen between them, announcing a temporary halt to the Group A run. “He’s out for you,” John murmured, allowing his hand to wrap around Sherlock’s elbow.
John dots one last kiss on Sherlock’s shoulder before he’s being tugged insistently towards sleep, thrilled with the prospect of waking up beside him tomorrow, telling him all of the things he’s wanted to tell him for years and years.
As Sherlock was setting the second boot back down on the floor he spotted a large black box beneath the bed. Carefully, he pulled it out and placed it upon the coverlet; it was a tacklebox, the tumbler lock secured. Sherlock sat back on his heels and thought for a moment; he then entered Moriarty’s birthday and tested the lock.
Once inside the elevator, Sherlock bit at his thumbnail and closed his eyes. He felt stress pressing in at all sides, not a particularly good place to be if he was to ski well during his training run tomorrow. Normally, he was able to simply maneuver the stress to a vault in his mind palace, reason it away, deal with it later or forget about it altogether.
Fingertips curl gently into Sherlock’s skin. “I feel… so much. Sherlock, I… this is all I’ve wanted for, jesus. Forever.”
Sherlock looked up, up, and took another deep, steadying breath. The air rushed past his ears and bit at his skin but he didn’t feel it. All he could sense was the hard thump of the blood rushing through his veins and his muscles alive with the difficulty of the course.
. They pause together at the corner of Baker Street, a child in a pram reaching out to try and pet Redbeard’s head and Redbeard dutifully stepping closer.
He licked his lips, set his jaw and glanced up at her, his gaze steady and intense. “I don’t believe so. Or, rather, watch their performances and you tell
For his part, Moriarty did as asked, holding up his hands in surrender even as he grinned manically. “Don’t forget, I do owe you Sherlock. I
John left the restaurant before Sherlock, agreeing to go see what he could do about finding something to act as a pick. Sherlock meanwhile had to ensure that they wouldn’t be caught while inside the villa. He knew Moriarty favored lengthy workouts at the gym and could estimate that it would be another hour before he’d finish up. Still, that was cutting it close; a little extra assurance was in order.
“Too much torso,” John says as he finally gets the last button free. “Hah! I’ve persevered.” He looks entirely too chuffed for having undone a shirt.
What would he want to read, what would he want to receive in response to being stood up by someone he’d been so hoping to meet?
anything anymore. He feels as though he doesn’t fit anywhere, which is a realization that threatens to knock him sideways on the pavement where he stands; how easy it is for time to slog on and leave people behind.
Sherlock said nothing for a moment, lips pressed together into a tight line as he finished securing the bright teal tape down below his right patella. “I would ask if I could help you, Moriarty, but I’m rather sure that I can’t.”
John spotted him a few moments later, and Sherlock swore he didn’t imagine the brightening of his face as he made his way over. He was adorned in a tight black drifit shirt, one that clung to his torso in all the right ways, and Sherlock swallowed against the sudden flood of attraction that coursed through him. John’s shorts lingered just at his knees, his trainers bright and neon against the drab darkness of his clothing. Sherlock could just make out the saturation of his sweat beneath his arms and around his neck and he felt an urge, deep and primal, to sink his nose there and take in his scent.
It’s taken him an eon to get here, it feels like, but now he knows he can rest. Nothing appeals to him more than the thought of sinking down into the water with Sherlock behind him, and simply resting.
“Just sleep,” Sherlock reassured, stepping right up to John’s solid frame and placing a warm palm on his shoulder. “That’s all,” and then he leaned his forehead against John’s in a startlingly intimate gesture.
Sherlock hunkered down, sitting against his thighs and pushing himself to go as fast as possible. The skis certainly helped, and he made another note to see what the team thought about him trying them out on the actual course. That would give him only one run, really, to decide which pair he’d use in the qualifying round, but he was confident that once he had another go down the slopes, he’d be able to make a decision.
Sighing, he noted that someone had gathered up his belongings and had laid them all carefully out on the king bed.
There’s a beat of pregnant silence before Sherlock speaks. “Brilliant,” he says suddenly and with no small amount of surprised wonder, his entire body language shifting from bashful and hopeful to instantly energized. He lights up the way he does when presented with a ten of a case.  “Brilliant, it’s going to be.”
When Sherlock’s eyes peek open once more, he smiles. “Go, get in bed,” John urges quietly, cupping Sherlock’s face briefly. After a cocked brow, John explains, “You’re about to fall over. Let me rinse and I’ll be in.”
John snickered louder, looking out the window. Sherlock pulled his hand out from under John’s and slapped at John’s thigh in irritation which only caused him to laugh harder.
Sherlock checks in–follows the rules, hates the way it feels, grits his teeth–and actually wears the visitor’s badge that is given to the both of him. He feels like a buffoon; he knows that everyone will look at him and wonder
Sherlock felt like he was being picked apart slowly from the inside and being sewn straight back together, moment by moment, waiting for John’s next move, next words.
Sherlock meandered, lost in thought, until he found a cafeteria and ordered a large plate of grilled chicken and a bowl of pasta primavera, forcing it all into his body although he had no appetite at all. This was often a problem for him; he had no real interest in food, but had to maintain a certain caloric intake in order to meet the requirement of his sport. He preferred shakes and supplements to actual solid food because he could suck them down without thought; chewing, he felt, slowed him down.
“Hmmm, yeah,” John murmured smugly, looking everywhere but at Sherlock, and then turned towards the direction of the Olympic Village. “But since that will have to wait... gym?”
Sherlock clears his throat and makes his observations. “You got in early today. Only time for a banana before things got busy,” he surmises, voice a bit far away, his eyes lingering on John’s shoulder.
Moriarty took a step towards Sherlock and bent down, at eye level with him. “No, no no no. Not just to win; the money of course has
For a few minutes, John actually reads the article that he happened to pull up in front of him, something about a transportation bill that won’t be passed, and when he’s satisfied that he’s waited enough time, he peeks out from behind a corner of the paper at the counter to find that Sherlock is no longer standing there.
Sherlock wonders for a moment, if John5NF has mulled over Sherlock’s proposition just as Sherlock had mulled over  it himself. If John5NF is apprehensive, conjuring up images of Sherlock in his mind. He wonders, for the umpteenth time, what John5NF looks like and why in the world that would matter.
“Sherlock,” John’s voice was incredibly low and rough and it caused a warm pool of desire to settle in Sherlock’s belly. It was inappropriate, it was ill-timed, but Sherlock couldn’t help it. He’d never felt like this before, this alive, this exhilarated, like he was dancing on a razor’s edge. It was different than the elation he felt while on the slopes, this was sharper and sweeter and ringed with a very different sort of danger. “We’re in a cupboard. In your rival’s villa. Trying to find evidence that he’s killed a man. Not the best time for you to be pressing your arse into me, yeah?”
John texts him at six o’clock, just around the time that Sherlock begins to fret that he’s the one being “stood up”:
John’s lips twist and his nostrils flare as he sizes up the man before him. “This, this is the man you and Mike were talking about?” He asks, finally casting her a sideways look. “This is Sherlock?”
Rolling his eyes, he brushed her aside and turned to his ski specialist Phillip, who had packed several new pairs for Sherlock to try out. It had taken some time but eventually his team had realized that between training runs and time in the gym, Sherlock needed to keep himself occupied and nothing bored Sherlock more than repetition. Taking several runs down a course on the same skis would put Sherlock in a mood and thus, they always had a bag of tricks on hand to keep him guessing.
Sherlock kept a keen watch, attention divided between his mobile and his surroundings; he did nothing to hurry John along, just waited and trusted that he’d manage to pick the lock. He spared a quick glance to watch John work, his hands nimble and capable in working with the small instruments; distantly, the memory of John’s hands on him threatened to manifest in his mind and Sherlock did his best to push it away.
He weaved his way through the machines, sidestepping athletes, and made his way to Sherlock. Sherlock didn’t stop in his workout, just flicked his eyes over towards John in a way that he hoped read as indifferent.
Sherlock blinks at him, fingers mapping across the condensation on his own glass. “Is this the part where we get to know one another?”
“Avoiding the press,” Sherlock returned and managed to unlock the door to his room, glancing carefully down the hallway before he pushed it open and slipped inside. John followed him in, hands clenching and unclenching at his sides.
No, he’d never be able to perform surgery again, but cadavers, he’d be able to handle that. If his cuts weren’t completely and utterly precise, there really wasn’t much harm done. Beyond making a passable Y-incision, it was mostly simply determining cause of death. As one of the only field medics in his unit, John had been a jack of all trades. He’d done autopsies before; he found them quite easy. Skillwise, he knows he would be up to the task, it just didn’t sound too exciting.
“Not taking me to bed, then?” John laughed languidly, eyes slipping shut as he allowed Sherlock’s arms to wind around his back in a hug.
There’s silence, as Sherlock holds him, breathes with him, and John allows his eyes to fall closed. The moment washes over him, and he feels as though his entire chest expands to receive every sensation he’s feeling in the moment. John imagines that if he tries hard enough, he could feel each individual ridge and whorl of Sherlock’s fingerprints, burning into his body.
He conjures up the image of a man, tall and lean-not unlike himself-with grey hair and a briefcase; the man is donned in a smart suit and expensive watch, and Sherlock immediately rejects what he’s fabricated. Judging by the way his John types and his easy, commoner diction, he can’t fathom John actually looking like that. Another variation, then: still talk, dark skin, bald-headed, denims and a scarf. Attractive, poised. But that too doesn’t sit right with him and Sherlock thinks up another variation on might-be John.
“There you are!” came the breathless exclamation as John turned to face him from where he stood in front of Sherlock’s room. “They’ve postponed the last of the skiers, they’re going over the course but--Jesus,” John panted, his fist clenching and unclenching at his sides. “They didn’t let me anywhere near him. It’s a media frenzy right now! And after Hanzu, they locked it down fast.” He swallowed and said, “I worried when you weren’t here, I didn’t know--”
In the transport van, Sherlock settled his hand atop John’s where it lay on his chest. They were attached to IVs and two harried paramedics worked on cleaning their wounds.  It was cramped, not unlike an ambulance, and made even more so by the several members of the ethics commission who had accompanied them.
John blinked up at Sherlock, his chin hovering just over the man’s prick and Sherlock grinned once at him before allowing his eyes to fall closed. “I’m quite glad you weren’t put off by my behavior on the plane, when we first met.”
Molly’s eyes are very nearly slits. “For a case? You meet people all the time. Why are you-” and then her eyes widen and a cheeky grin slides up onto her face. “Oh! You mean!
“Aren’t you getting anything?” John’s voice cuts through his inner monologue and Sherlock’s eyes flick to each of the baristas.
These thoughts consume his mind palace, fill it up like a swarm of moths and he tears at his hair as he works the shampoo through his curls. This is hateful, that he has to wait another entire day to find what John5NF actually looks like. He curses himself for allowing himself such fancies, for harbouring even a shred of hope, for managing to get swept up in all of this in the first place.
The Norwegian team laughed while the rest of the hut tittered with nervous giggles; Sherlock remained silent and indifferent, sniffing and glancing out at the course and the flurry of activity that was taking place inside of the officials’ tent. It was only when Moriarty paced right up into Sherlock’s personal space that the rest of the inhabitants of the hut felt free enough to take up their conversations again.
“Well!” Moriarty slapped his hands down on Sherlock’s knees, hard. “What I want, is to do away with the both of you. No one will question what the motive was when they find you,” he smiled serenely. “Not with the nonsense that’s been smeared all over the tabloids.”
“Anyone I’d like?” Lestrade makes an attempt at lecherous, but the joking tone bleeds straight through.
asked back, you mean,” John says gently. “And you will be. Judging by the feedback from the network.”
“It really is,” John smiled once and then led the way out of the tram, talking to Sherlock even as Sherlock lingered behind. “Now, what are you in the mood for?”
Feeling Sherlock’s gaze, John glances up into heavy-lidded eyes, holds contact while Sherlock strokes, ghosting his fingers along flesh until John can’t take it anymore.
When Sherlock returns, it’s with a freshly-laundered, fluffy towel, the novel John had just started yesterday, and a set of John’s warmest pajamas. For the second time this evening, John is overcome with Sherlock’s obvious care for him. “I, uh, thanks, yeah, I…”
“Hah.” There was a pause and John righted his head, blinking at Sherlock as he pulled away. “And humble.”
The departure gate was a sea of dark navy blue, some passengers ensconced in parkas, others in thinner, neoprene warm-up jackets. All of the outerwear boasted the Union Jack; emblazoned on the breast and sleeve respectively were the five Olympic rings.
Sherlock’s heart thudded in his chest, his whole body awake and alive, positively thrumming with excitement, adrenaline causing endorphins to flood through him. This was what he thrived on, what he craved. He sucked in a quick breath of frigid air as his breathing sped up, capturing the taste of it in his mouth, feeling at peace as his skis cut audibly through the crisp surface.
Which is ridiculous, John realizes. ll he has to do it seize the moment, capitalize on it, shine a light on what they both know is there, and a dozen other metaphors for working up the goddamned nerve to just tell Sherlock how he feels. How they both feel. Instead of seizing that moment he knows he has, John swirls the liquid in his glass, watches it.
Sherlock huffs a little laugh and moves to dot a kiss next to John’s left eye. “All those years,” Sherlock begins, and John takes a moment to become comfortable with Sherlock being sentimental; he’s a fragile being when he’s like this.
“Fuck christ, Sherlock, ah!” Immediately, John’s hands went to Sherlock’s hair and held. He rocked fluidly into Sherlock’s mouth, his breath hitching as he hit the back of Sherlock’s throat.
“Sorensen has had an absolutely abysmal year and judging by the first two turns, he’s not looking to change that here in Pyeongchang,” and “That won’t get him through to qualifying, but then, he likely knew he wouldn’t be able to compete on this stage.”
John blinks, his tongue going dry. He is on immediate alert. Is this someone he should know? Is this someone he’s known in the past? “Right, sorry, you’re-”
he reminds himself. A wave of giddy fear overtakes him at the simplicity of what he needs to do, but manages to speak around the emotions lodged in his throat. “Just about. No worries, nothing too spicy.”
“John,” Sherlock rasped, reaching out for him with one hand; John pulled back, just far enough away that Sherlock couldn’t reach him and looked up.
John, but the more immediate reasons. If he was seen on numerous occasions with John, the rumors would begin anew, and Sherlock wasn’t sure how John would handle that.
Smiling against John’s hair, he left a kiss and blindly found John’s left hand in his right and led him through the sitting room - turning off the light as he went - and into the bedroom. Sherlock moved to close the shades and when he turned back, John had removed his ski sweater and vest, chest on display. Sherlock stopped mid-step and grinned, allowing his gaze to flick to the floor before he glanced up at John with his tongue resting against his upper lip.
at the moment, but we’re celebrating, I’ve made sure John knows as well, so don’t try and get out of it.” Greg called, twirling once with his hands in the air. “Go back, get some rest, take your pain meds and then prepare for a night of revelry.”
Just as he’s about to make it to the restaurant, he’s spotted by a group of Norwegian fans. He stops to sign their various Olympics paraphernalia, even going so far as to remove his sunglasses for a group photo. He says nothing snarky or inconsiderate, and leaves them, feeling a bit lighter after being pulled from his thoughts.
Sherlock glared petulantly and kept his lips tightly locked, to which John gave a short chuckle, continuing on. “Well, if that’s the case, seems you and I, we’re
He shuffled up to the backdrop sporting the NBC logo and watched as in slow motion, a microphone sped into his vision, held by a grinning, brunette sportscaster. “Shannon Rivera, NBC Sports, Sherlock, this was your final Olympics and you finally took gold, how does it feel?”
From his perch at the leg press - just outside the field of vision of anyone entering the gym but giving him a line of sight to whoever may show up - he waited for Moriarty while also managing to do the bulk of his workout for the day. He couldn’t let his own regime lag just because he was attempting to prove a murder; he was still striving for gold.
Sherlock pulls back a fraction, smooths his hands over John’s shoulders. “I want to. More than you could possibly know. I’m reasonably sure I’ve conjured every distinct possibility and nuance of…”
His team said nothing, all staring up at him with various looks of disbelief. Unaccustomed to such outpourings of sentimentality, Sherlock shifted from foot to foot, adding, after a time, “Er, dismissed?”
“‘Course,” John says seriously, holding Sherlock’s jaw in his palm. “Of course.” Their gazes hold and something quite tangible, thick and warm blankets over them. They’re the only two people in the galaxy, they really are. John smiles, Sherlock smiles back, larger.
“How will we?” Sherlock pauses, shifts minutely from foot to foot. “That is to say…” Sherlock’s mouth twists innocently and then he scowls, huffs through his nose. “Hell, would you like to sleep with me, this evening?” It’s smacks of formality to a point that John can’t help but tip his head back and chuckle; luckily, Sherlock follows suit. “This is all a bit…”
He expected it to be Lestrade, falling into his old habit of asking him about his training plans for the morning, but was very pleased to discover it was from John.
He lingered in the cafeteria, not even really aware that he’d been there for so long, going over and over the downhill course in his head as he chewed mindlessly, wondering about how he should approach the Russian Trampoline and the subsequent landing. He knew he could take the last jump with a bit more speed and control; he turned over the final part of the slope in his head, again reviewing his entire run, right straight through to his finish, when he’d pulled up and had seen John standing there.
They meandered over, stopping along the way to accept words of congratulations from onlookers; as he passed by John from behind, he angled his elbow just
here will kill you, because he’s so very good at that.” Moriarty looked over his shoulder and gave Moran a smile and a thumbs up. “And I… will go and ski for the gold.”
“Need?” Sherlock asks, innocently, pulling out his mobile and fiddling with it as a means of distraction. “Nothing.”
The clerk looked from the key to Sherlock and back to the key before she picked it up and examined it as though it was a foreign object. She ran it through the card reader, shook her head and turned back to him. “This is not the key to your room.”
It was long minutes before they made it to their designated seating area and filtered into their spots. Sherlock pulled out his phone and brought up another article he’d been meaning to read, devling in headfirst as the rest of the audience watched the spectacle that was the Opening Ceremonies. Every now and again he would glance up and catch some of the theatrics; he had to admit they were visually spectacular, but it was not enough to hold his attention.
John made to follow Sherlock out of the room before the other man turned and stopped him. “Wait five minutes, then follow.” Though John’s face fell a fraction, he accepted Sherlock’s directive and nodded, watching as Sherlock left.
? Is that what I’m understanding here? And implicating him in, in a murder? Jesus, he’s your biggest competition but...” Lestrade whispered fiercely as he advanced on Sherlock. “Are you out of your damned mind?!”
It was only a short ride to the hotel but Sherlock was so impatient that he stood at the back of the bus, making a short circuit in pacing the aisle. Once inside his room in the Olympic Village he immediately unpacked all of his belongings, sorting them neatly into his dresser, and set off for the Rosa Khutor downhill course. His team would be waiting; they knew he liked to get on the powder as soon as he was able, and the training runs for the men’s downhill had opened that morning.
It took awhile to get himself situated, but Phillip had him lock in and test the resistance, reset his boots and then try again. By the time he was set with poles in his hands, he was on deck. It hit him then, a fastball to the solar plexus, that this was it. This was
John stopped abruptly and turned to face him. “Know me well enough to make assumptions about what I’m always doing?”
John is exhilarated, and pulls away panting, thrilled to find Sherlock heaving breaths just as heavily as he is. “God,” John says, touching his mouth to ensure that this all is actually happening.
Sherlock did, with a few interjections by John here and there. Finally, Sherlock pulled out his wallet and separated the cards to allow Lestrade a glimpse of the waxy substance. “I don’t hold out much hope that there’s lab facilities anywhere near the Village that I could get to.”
John’s voice, that careful neutrality caught Sherlock’s attention, and he moved his head around the flask in order to meet John’s eyes instead of putting the flask down.
There was so much to talk about with John, so much to discover; Sherlock found that he wanted to know about John’s childhood, his first kiss, his favorite flavor of ice cream and a dozen more mundane details. He reminded himself then that it was perfectly acceptable to want those things with John, because John wanted those things with him.
“Work… at a morgue.” John states and thinks about it for a time. Sure, he can’t perform surgery on living being anymore, he’d never be certified. His cheeks jumps in frustration as he admits that to himself and he grinds his teeth, waiting a beat for the feeling to dissipate.
“Well, because I really want to kiss you, but I don’t want to overstep my bounds.” John’s hands went to Sherlock’s hips and he stretched up on his tiptoes to nudge at Sherlock’s nose with his own; he went no further, just nuzzled against Sherlock’s face.
It took a bit of fumbling and maneuvering but John managed to capture Sherlock’s lips and in that instant, began to move. His body slid perfectly over Sherlock’s, slowly at first, his knees pressing into Sherlock’s thighs with each movement, body halting on the upstroke until just the glans was inside.
John pressed against the skin beneath his fingertips, walked Sherlock to the bed and with a hand to the center of his chest, pushed Sherlock down onto the duvet. “Fantastic, though I’ll do without the cliches.”
Mycroft emitted a long-suffering sigh. “You know how tedious people can be, Sherlock. You should be focusing on your training.”
“Bit of trouble, too,” Sherlock comes off nonchalant, his mouth set in a thin line. John can already feel the buzzing in his bones, the urge to get up and
Leaning in, John licks up the side of Sherlock’s neck, hastens his strokes, angles so that their bodies are pressed more fully together. Sweat makes the movements easier, and John finds himself panting along with Sherlock, not from exertion, but from arousal.
John takes a breath and nods once, “Mmm hmm.” When he comes to stand in front of Sherlock, he takes another breath, reaches out and wraps his fingers around Sherlock’s wrists. “This is… god, I’m gonna be shit at this. You won’t mind, will you?”
He’d only created this email address in order to interact with John5NF. He could delete this account right this second and not lose anything of absolute important. He could send Guest into the ether, leaving John5NF with no inbox to send further emails to.
Sherlock heard the gasps from the crowd and felt a tremor run through him; there had to be something going on, there simply
“Oh really?” he asked, jokingly and turned back to glance at Sherlock, who was just a pace behind him now.
“Christ.” John pulls away a bit, scrubs a hand over his face. “Christ, I’m, I’m… you make me... Sherlock.”
He was glad that Greg would be attending the Games, though he was doubly glad to be away from his tutelage . Under the scrutiny of his coach, he couldn’t train to the extent he wanted; Greg always forced him to rest and recuperate, forced him to eat and watch tape of his runs. Sherlock championed actual physical skiing to tempered conditioning; why watch ages of tape when he could refine his technique on the actual snow?
John’s cheek jumps as he tries to hold back the laugh at Sherlock’s terrible, childish nickname. “Nah, just tagging along with him. Something about a ‘holiday,’ but now that I’m here, all I can think is, I give me some skis, a rifle and let me give it another go,” John makes a wavering gesture with his hand.
Sherlock tugged at his shorts and stood, a false smile on his mouth as he looked down at his opponent. “Brilliant seeing you, ta!” He made a move to step around Moriarty but was halted when an arm shot out, blocking Sherlock’s path out to the main gym.
The group shuffled through the brightly lit corridor, their conversations dimming to hushed, excited whispers as they got closer and closer to the entrance ramp. The cheers and applause of the audience rang through the small space, making the ground and the tunnel shiver with the force of it. Sherlock peered down at his watch, wondering how long he would have to be subjected to this.
Sherlock blinked back at the numbers, sure they were a mirage, and then glanced at the stands where the spectators were going crazy. He spotted Molly and Greg, jumping up and down and screaming, slapping each other on the arm.
It’s then that a wave of guilt so acute that steals his breath. He’s misled this man, this man that he… that he what?
“You’re particularly filthy this week,” John mentions, just as a waitress comes by with a tray full of banchan. John keeps his gaze on Sherlock as he thanks her and begins picking at the offerings.
He was on the fine edge of his skis, entering into the bear jump with more control that he had the previous time, but he eased up on his tuck position, not wanting to tire out his legs too much for the actual race. Sherlock committed to memory which turns he was taking where, making sure his line was tight and flawless. If he skied this line well he knew he could ski it just the same when it came time for the medal race.
He could go left or right and just before he made a choice, he heard someone call his name. His head snapped up towards the sound and saw Molly jogging towards him. “Hey, heard about your issues with your room last evening. Came by this morning but you must have already been at the gym.”
“In moderation,” John assured and popped a pill into his own mouth, ducking to slurp some water from the faucet. “I’m a doctor, I’ll keep an eye on you.”
“So much has changed, Shannon. So much. It’s been nearly two decades since I started doing this professionally and as it’s all coming to an end, yes, so much has changed. Thanks,” and with that, Sherlock ducked away to take another interview, another, and then another, evading questions and being courteous and gracious until the last of the television interviews had been dealt with.
The water turns a pleasant amber, and John feels the last of his muscles unwind. He picks up the book and begins reading, losing himself for a long while before the water goes tepid. He’s sleepy and pliant, and when he puts the book down, it takes him a few moments for his eyes to adjust.
John’s lips twisted in apprehension; he sighed and reconsidered what he seemed to be about to say. After a brief pause, John bit at his bottom lip and pressed on, “You’re still in this, Sherlock. Is this going to distract you from training? Are you-”
Sherlock felt heavy and full with arousal, buoyed on by John’s little gasps and moans. His fingers made their way across John’s chest, trailing through the sparse hair and lingering to run his teeth over the ridges of John’s collarbones. Only then did Sherlock move, dropping his mouth to the right nipple and suckling gently. His teeth scraped against the pebbled flesh and from the sound John made, Sherlock could imagine John flinging a forearm over his eyes, an attempt to hold the pleasure at bay.
He blew out a breath and took in the look on each member’s face. “I… believe it’s appropriate in situations such as this to extend gratitude. And so I shall. I could not have possibly imagined at the beginning of my tenure as a professional skier that I would be in the position that I am now. That is, I never would have imagined, nearly fifteen years ago, that I would stand before a group of people and tell them that I owe my success--in large part--to the alpine professionals that stand before me.
“Oh, yes, that’ll… yeah, alright.” His hand goes to the back of his neck. “Suppose I am, erm, a bit tired.”
John huffs furiously through his nose, because yes, his fingers had been poised over the keys to answer. John begins typing, stops, deletes everything and begins again.
“Maybe,” John says, his voice going a little gravely and odd, something sifting in there, and he has to clear his throat. “Might be, probably, yeah, actually. Probably I am, yeah, but that doesn’t matter right now.”
But Sherlock surged forward and cut John abruptly off, their mouths crashing together. After a moment, he pulled back, leaving John wide-eyed and gaping, Sherlock curled a palm around the back of John’s neck and brought their foreheads together. “I know. I know, just… shut up. I can’t think, I need to think...”
Twenty minutes later they’re seated on one of the plentiful benches and catching up, watching the passersby. Mike is describing his children and even pulls out his wallet to show John the pictures. He only half-fakes his interest, genuinely smiling at the images of two cherub-like toddlers playing in a paddling pool. “They’re three and five, can’t keep them out of
“Oi mate, before you crack a rib!” he laughed and pulled back out of the hug to slap gently at Sherlock’s face in his glee.
“Yes,” Sherlock said simply, tone and facial expression serious, and he delighted in watching as John swallowed thickly at the invitation he’d been given.
John is just getting ready to head home on Tuesday evening when Sherlock, with his apparent trademark flair for the dramatic, bursts through the double doors. John doesn’t even startle, just quirks a brow and crosses his arms over his chest.
John takes a step back, crosses his arms over his chest; he finds it a bit more difficult to do with the lab coat on. “Risk?”
“Yeah, well, saw Moriarty faffing about without his entourage looking like the cat that got the canary and figured checking on the two of you wouldn’t be the worst idea. ‘Course, when I didn’t hear back from either of you…”
“You just wanted to say ‘huge’ and ‘cock’ in the same sentence,” Sherlock laughs and stills, takes John’s face in his hands.
“You’d discover a lot of things if you really knew me.” Sherlock places his cup down with so much care that it reads as patronizing.
He was in the middle of taking off his gloves when Lestrade found him once again and sat beside him, both of them quiet despite the clamor of the crowd as the Austrian finished. “You say what I think you said?” Greg asked, picking at the skin around his thumb, looking off into the distance.
For a brief, split second, Sherlock felt sudden pang of fear race up his spine at the startling complexity of the course, but it was promptly forgotten as he hit another, smaller jump and was thrust into eight tight turns in a row, his hips pivoting perfectly as he strove to maintain his speed while also remaining between the blue lines.
“Surprised you didn’t know from the start,” John mentions, the tone lightening a bit, giving them a moment to breathe, reassess.
, came the second warning. Sherlock felt a jolt of bile rise in his throat that was allayed instantly by a sense of overwhelming calm.
“Will you? They know that you were with me. There’s only so much dodging of rumors one is able to do before someone-”
As he sought out an official to find out what the commotion was about, John rounded the corner, bounding over to him. He was pink in the face and very obviously out of breath. “Fuck,” he began and sucked in a breath. “Fuck, Sherlock, Holsinger lost control on the Russian Trampoline. He’s out; broke his arm and tore his right ACL.”
That spurs him on, causes him to reach back and gestures until John leans forward so that Sherlock can grasp one-handed at his side, holding them loosely together, showing John what he wants. The angle changes, John’s cock doesn’t hit as deep, but Sherlock prefers this closeness, the sweat and heat. Against his back, he can feel the beads of sweat dripping from John’s brow, the rise and fall of John’s chest with every labored breath he takes.
Once the door closed, John immediately began to speak. “So what, what do we do? This is, Sherlock this is getting out of hand. He wanted to kill you, that could have been you! That
Once returned, they’d had to take three weeks apart--Sherlock finally doing his sit down interviews, traveling to New York for ESPN and creating a website for his surprisingly well sought after consulting practice, and John searching for locum work and attending physical therapy. They had finally found a night free and John had arrived at Baker Street with an overnight bag and a bashful grin. “Hope I’m not being too presumptuous,” he’d said and they’d nearly missed their reservation to snog on the couch.
Redbeard bumps his nose into Sherlock’s knee and Sherlock glances down, muttering, “I’ve never…understood this.”
John digs down into the box, sorts through the rest of the paper. He knows that he doesn’t really have the time to go through all of the items in all of the boxes they’d had stored down in C, but he’d also rather not have either of their identities stolen. There are plenty of press and citizens alike who’ve been known to root through their garbage. He begins separating the papers the best he can, some into the “bin” pile, more into the “shred” pile.
Silence fell on the line and Sherlock held his breath, lingering on John’s simple declaration. Eventually Sherlock’s lip turned up into a smile, then into a grin; he wiped at his mouth with his free hand, thumb and forefinger smearing against the corner of his lips. “Good. That’s good.”
It’s bittersweet, being involved in his sport, though unable to compete in it. He’s not the sort of person who is willing to ruin his body in order to place fourth or fifth in further competitions, and he knows he’s just where he wants to be. But he misses it, so much that his throat closes a bit, and he has to take a quick steadying breath.
It was with a low, rough voice that John delivered his next words, so heavy and full of promise that the thrill Sherlock felt race down his spine manifested itself physically in a full body shiver. “Oh god, yes.”
It’s a short walk during which they remain silent, John just a half a pace behind Sherlock. While they walk, Sherlock deduces, stupid, innocuous things. John’s preference for sturdy, well-made clothing in boring colors, the gambling problem he had in his late–no! early!–twenties, the fact that he sleeps on his back most nights and that he-
Using Sherlock’s position to his advantage, John levers himself up to sitting and takes in Sherlock, rumpled and eager and sweetly overwhelmed. It’s unlike anything he could have begun to imagine, and he wishes for a mind like Sherlock’s, to etch it all, indelibly.
He unlocks the door to the flat and finds nothing amiss; Sherlock isn’t in sight, but now John’s on the trail, like a bloodhound. He drops his briefcase and begins sniffing around, through the sitting room, to the kitchen, and then, finally, the bathroom.
Sherlock is stepping past him, into the small cubicle of the shower. He turns back, the water sluicing over his back, “Show me.”
Sherlock returns home, debates changing his clothing and decides against it; he doesn’t want to seem too eager or make it seem like this is…a date. But is it a date? Surely it isn’t a date, because John had been very clear when he’d said he wanted to start over. And that meant as friends, didn’t it?
“Can you imagine?” he repeats, and John starts to feel as though he’s having an out of body experience: Sherlock talking to him about intimacy, and repeating himself.
has not changed. He glances around at the faces of the people who pass and wonder if any of them can fully comprehend what the sight of the St. James flowers have done to him on this Spring day.
He’d expected a young athlete based on the light, unassuming tone, perhaps one of the jumpers that was new on the circuit, but instead Sherlock was met with the weathered face of a man perhaps a few years older than himself. He was short of stature and plain but pleasant looking, smoothing his own blanket across his lap before turning to meet Sherlock’s gaze. He blinked at Sherlock, obviously making his own assumptions before he offered his hand out. “John Watson.”
guest_47995 “is typing” for a few moments. They start and stop and begin again before John finally gets a response.
Leaving the hotel they were met with several reporters who apparently had not heeded Mycroft’s warnings--whatever they were--but Sherlock simply kept his head down, sunglasses over his eyes and pushed through to the cart that would take them to the tram. The press wasn’t going to go away until he gave an official interview, but now wasn’t the time to think about that.
Another solution, one so simple that he mentally kicked himself for not thinking of it previously.There was one thing that men like Moriarty and Moran valued, one thing that was necessary for them to gain power.
It dawned rather belatedly that this was likely the exact desired reaction that Moriarty was seeking; how foolish of Sherlock to succumb to his rage. Relaxing against the duvet he forced away the hot, violent anger and resolved to ignore the very obvious, very childish taunt. Lingering thoughts of retaliation swam through his mind; he couldn’t deny that he wished he could somehow visibly rile the man.
John’s pelvis can’t help tipping forward, seeking pressure, like he might have done when he was sixteen. But he wants it so very badly that his body moves of its own accord, pressing himself up against Sherlock as close as he’s able while their mouths still move against one another. It’s a gasping, messy, tangled thing, and a few moments in, John realises that they’re pawing at one another quite like the randy teenager he’d just imagined.
“As far as takeaway sushi goes it wasn’t terrible, that is true.” With that, Sherlock begins on the buttons of John’s shirt.
“But. One evening, not seven times but… five,” Sherlock finishes. “Thus…the article was a stretch, but not much of one.” That sad smile is back, Sherlock looking down into his lap, into the scant sip of alcohol left in his glass. “Then I went to Meadowview—dreadful name, dreadful place—and he went to America.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock replied distractedly before snapping out of his reverie, and he stepped forward to hold the door for John as they ducked inside.
Lips press, open and hot, against the back of his neck. “Love you,” John says, the words gusting over Sherlock’s skin in little puffs. “Fuck, love you so much.”
Sherlock smiles, looks down at his lap, feels himself flush and then turns his attention back to the monitor.
Sherlock’s mouth lifts in a smile, something safe and private; John can see the weight gone from him now, too, see how he leans into John’s touch, releases a heavy breath that sounds like it’s been held for ages and ages. “Now, that wasn’t so terrifying,” Sherlock claims, and shifts around so that his right knee is just against John’s left.
“You’re dead on your feet. Come on, I can’t in good conscience let you sleep in the hall or that windtunnel of a lobby, just…” John turned his palms up, pleaded and Sherlock considered. He
God, the crime scene photos really are positively gruesome, he realizes as he glances at them again; Sherlock is almost
Sherlock glares, but can’t sustain it and then he blushes furiously, shakes his head seemingly at himself, rousing himself from his momentary bout of insecurity and says, with a gust of a breath,  “Right here.”
Sherlock shrugged, pushing a last bit of beef stroganoff around his plate before setting the utensil carefully down with a delicate chime. “Where did you study, when you were pursuing medicine?” They’d been speaking of inane things for the past hour; the mountain, Lestrade and Molly, the make and model of skis Sherlock was using featured prevalently, but the effluvia didn’t tell Sherlock anything new about John, and he desperately wished to learn the whole of him.
But Mike--dear Mike--just claps his palm down on his knee and says, “I’m still at Barts, you know. Pathetic, eh?”
Therefore, John isn’t surprised that there’s only one room left at the inn, though it does set the nerves in his stomach aflutter. He’s also not surprised that it doesn’t even cross Sherlock’s mind not to take the single room when it is offered to him.
, his username showing up as active and online in Sherlock’s contacts. For a brief, insane moment, Sherlock considers messaging him and calling the whole bit off. Instead, he closes his laptop, carefully gets up and shuts all of the lights.
As if he could hear Sherlock’s thoughts, Gus cuts in, “It’s a lot, right? Just, the Games and all this,” he gestured at the set before them. “I don’t know, yeah, it’s a lot. In a good way.”
John chuckles silently, shifting beneath the covers, brashly spooning up behind Sherlock. Sherlock shimmies back, their bodies curving as comfortably together as they can manage. John hums contentedly and it’s only a moment before he’s drifting, ignoring the fluttering thoughts that attempt to press into his consciousness, all the what ifs.
Sherlock leans in and runs his nose up the left side of John’s neck, curling his palms around John’s hips and ending with a dot of a kiss to the curve of his jaw. “Lots of time to figure that out, John.”
“Oh, John. Call me John, just… just John.” He asked for a ginger ale off of the passing beverage cart while Sherlock requested water. “But really, how’d you know?”
“Better than saying you’re a difficult pain in the rear, isn’t it?” Molly asks innocently and steps delicately into the elevator. “Lunch?”
“Fuck,” Moran grunted and then turned around and smacked John again, the sound of flesh on flesh somehow dull and hollow. A moment later there was a thud and a curse, Moran having sent John’s chair over on it’s side.
John laughs, taken aback by surprise. “That was all over the papers, even internationally. And you caught him. That’s brilliant!”
“Oh god, tell me that you didn’t have relations with someone in the IOC!” Sherlock shouted, rising and stalking towards Greg. “Why is it such an impossible notion that you keep it in your pants?!”
Benefits that John finds himself unable to stop thinking about. He’s far from a prude, and certainly no longer makes self-deprecating judgments against himself simply for admiring Sherlock’s arse, or wondering what his cock would feel like on his tongue. But it’s not just that, it’s thinking of how they would feel sitting together on the sofa, thigh to shoulder; wondering if Sherlock would stand a cuddle on a Sunday morning; deciding on bedsheet colors; figuring out what he would say if he asked Sherlock to become Rosie’s legal guardian. Dozens of properly, soppily domestic things that John craves from Sherlock.
He was mildly frustrated that the scapegoat was the course, which Sherlock conceded was rather difficult but was also a thing of beauty. A spike of anger cut through him, then, at the thought that Moriarty would so seamlessly be able to pass off his crime under the veil of a dangerous course.
There it is, John thinks. Feels like I’ve been waiting on this for ages, and there it is. John can smell Sherlock, the sweat, the underlying cologne, the ever present woolen smell that clings to him. And the heat from Sherlock’s body feels scorching against John’s skin; he feels as though he may just combust.
Sherlock, rolling his head on his neck, glanced over at her with cool, disinterested eyes, placing her as one of the female snowboarders. His voice was sharp and crisp when he answered her, “Yes, thank you, I’m aware of the time.”
Behind him, he could hear Greg shouting through the thick fog surrounding his head things like “Yes!” and “Bloody right!” and “Best in the world, right here!”
Sherlock tips his head back and around so that John can see his face. He raises his brow, but does nothing to neither confirm nor deny any of the hundreds of thoughts that come to John’s mind. It’s impossible, that a man of Sherlock’s age could…
John surprises himself by inviting Sherlock out to lunch, but then, there’s something about Sherlock that makes him want to learn more. It’s not a siren’s pull exactly, but he’s so
Sherlock chuckled, stretched and spread his free hand over the small of John’s back. “Then just listen. You like my flat, this flat. And… you live too far away. Live here.”
But it makes Sherlock smile. And in that moment, he realizes that he’s standing on the pavement like a lovestruck teenager,
John smiles at the computer and then gets up, goes about making himself some coffee and breakfast. The sun is up properly now and so he draws the curtains and looks down on the rather desolate street. Yesterday the sight might have caused him to fall further into his depression but now, with the concrete dappled by sunlight, he takes in a breath and finds it within him to realize that things may just be looking up.
The feeling lingers in John’s bones. He carries the light, buoyant fizziness right into the weekend, wakes up Saturday morning refreshed and happy and very nearly giddy. He’d had dinner with Sherlock and it had been absolutely lovely, so lovely that for the duration he’d forgotten about Guest, about his problems, about how completely and utterly different he and Sherlock were. Or, complementary, to put it an entirely different way, he supposes.
John kept his back straight against the mattress, staring up at the ceiling, as Sherlock’s fingertips trailed lightly down his arms.
He drags himself outside and hails a cab, wanting to head downtown and speak with his network before badgering Molly and Lestrade again. He pops out at St. Paul’s and sets his sights on the nearest coffee shop.
John returns home feeling properly tired, but cautiously optimistic. The sun is just beginning to set and he finds himself actually hungry for the first time in ages. It takes him a bit, but he manages to whip up a halfway decent risotto for himself and brings a bowl with him to his desk. While he’s waiting for his laptop to boot up, he tucks in; once the first bite hits his stomach his appetite roars to life. He pecks away at his keyboard with one hand and eats with the other, a task that’s more complicated for him than it probably should be.
The grin that spread across John’s face was as much prideful as it was predatory. “Kick arse tomorrow, yeah?”
“Could do with a hello,” she grumbles, and it’s so uncharacteristic of her that it gives Sherlock pause.
John continued to click through the tabs and when he was finished, he set the laptop down on the table. “That’s an awful lot to be going on and if it’s true, he’s not only likely been cheating since the beginning of his career, he’s responsible for other deaths.”
