“We found out who hired the terrorists. God, Tony, I’m so sorry.” Rhodey sounded like he was close to tears.
“Yeah come on Tony! You aren’t gonna pass up a chance to sleep with Steve, are you?” Bucky mocked with a smirk. Yeah, Tony knew that Bucky would catch his misunderstanding. Bucky had been subtly and not so subtly making fun of Tony for his attraction to Steve since their first interaction. Tony’s face flared impossibly redder, and Tony could hear the laughter of his new friends. He pretended like it didn’t grate on his insecurities. It almost worked.
“That math is nothing. Math and science are what I’m good at. Everything else… I don’t know I’ve never paid much attention to anything else.” Tony scratched the back of his neck and coughed. He smiled brighter than he had since the incident. “I can certainly kick Bruce’s butt.”
“Hey beautiful!” Rhodey greeted. He lifted the small genius causing Tony to squeal in delight.
“A secret girlfriend!” Clint shouted. Rhodey threw his head back with a groan. No way Tony was sleeping through that. Sure enough Tony rose up and dragged his hand over his face sleepily. The Avengers were frozen in shock. Steve’s face turned a steady bright red. “Why the fuck are you wearing makeup?” Clint asked.
Tony’s suit was a deep maroon with a black button up and bowtie. He couldn’t believe that Natasha got him to agree to such a bold choice. She said it looked good with his tan skin tone and brown eyes. He’d prayed for patience loudly, but he trusted her opinion, so he bought it instantly. He still wasn’t even sure this was happening. He was going to prom. He was going to prom with Steve as his date. With Steve as his boyfriend!
“Tony has a… heart condition. He’s an idiot, but I would like him to remain alive.” Rhodey responded with a withering glare at said idiot.
Tony was perched awkwardly on the couch between Natasha and Steve when Natasha grabbed his head and shoved it into her lap.
He startled when he felt a hand touch his shoulder. His heart seemed to stop and for a moment his eyes widened and he wasn’t seeing school hallways; he was seeing pain and blood and darkness and water everywhere. He blinked and it was gone. He blinked again and then turned to look at the person who touched him. He wasn’t particularly tall. His eyes were framed by faint smile lines and his hair was styled back. He didn’t look like he was going to attack Tony, so Tony just stared at him with a puzzled expression. What did this random kid want?
Tony could totally see it. A face with an eyepatch. He searched the clouds for another recognizable shape. If Steve wanted to look at clouds then Tony would be the best damn cloud watcher the man had ever seen.
“You guys should go.” Rhodey whispered. He knew that he looked a little bit frantic.
“You’re an asshole” Rhodey shot back. He still didn’t put Tony down. Tony gripped Rhodey’s arms just a little bit tighter. He buried his face in Rhodey’s shoulder. He missed how easy their friendship had been before his kidnapping. Now, they were both walking on landmines. Spending two months searching for his missing best friend had left Rhodey scarred as well. The two of them were still working on how to find healthy and normal interactions again. They’d both lived through traumatic experiences, and naturally they had changed a little bit.
“I believe your alias would not be considered a cool kid.” Jarvis deadpanned. He handed the boy genius an apple, which he promptly put on the table in exchange for a cup of coffee. Jarvis gave him a disapproving look but didn’t comment. He knew that Tony would be more cooperative with some coffee in him. He had long ago abandoned trying to reprimand the ridiculous genius.
“I told you we should have all gotten ready together” Bruce pointed out with a barely concealed laugh.
“Dude! You had sex in Tony’s living room. He’s gonna be so pissed!” Clint exclaimed with a delighted giggle. Rhodey suddenly realized that none of the Avengers recognized the small bundle pressed against him. This could go very wrong very fast. Tony made sighed and wiggled before tucking himself back into Rhodey’s body. Tony absolutely could not wake up while the avengers were there.
“Of course,” Phil grabbed the paper from his hands and read over his schedule. He took off without a warning directly into the sea of people. Tony closed his eyes and stumbled blindly forward. He tried not to squeak when he came in contact with a hard chest. He felt hands grab his shoulders and shove him to the ground. His glasses fell off and Tony opened his eyes desperately. The boy in front of him was blurry, and Tony was too terrified to move and grab his glasses.
Steve was a whole different story. Tony was besotted. In math when he tried to focus on his inventions, he could always feel Steve’s eyes burning into him. The first-time Steve handed Tony a drawing he’d done of him, Tony thought he was going to die. He knew his face had lit up with a blush just as bright as Steve’s. Steve was just so genuinely sweet. He was earnest with everything he said, and he frequently gave comforting touches without even thinking about it. The part of his personality that really got Tony wasn’t his sweetness though. Steve was a spitfire. Bucky said it was because Steve used to be small and got picked on. As dorky and awkward as Steve was, he was always ready to fight any kind of injustice. Anytime Tony snarked at him, Steve would give a little grin before delivering an equally funny line with a deadpan tone of voice. He just always made Tony laugh. He was totally cool though. Didn’t like Steve at all. He was just a good ol’ friendy friend-o.
“I don’t want to make you uncomfortable, but we need to know what happened. I think it would be good for you to talk about” Natasha said placing a gentle hand on his arm.
Tony was completely relaxed and simultaneously so excited that his stomach was trying to turn inside out. He opened his mouth to say something when his butt started vibrating. That was quickly followed up by Rhodey’s ringtone. Tony and Steve scrambled to their feet, and Tony looked at him apologetically.
Steve however still looked conflicted when he looked at Tony. Tony for his part really liked Steve, but he wasn’t going to initiate anything. He was having a hard time thinking about dating Steve while lying to him. Steve didn’t even know what he looked like without layers and layers of clothes covering him. It wasn’t fair to get his hopes up. Tony was a mess. He was also fully aware that if Steve knew who he was their relationship would end. Tony was related to one of the people Steve hated most in the world. He wouldn’t take advantage of Steve when he didn’t know what he was getting into. He wouldn’t.
A week later Tony was standing in front of his mirror freaking out. His hands were shaking really bad, so Natasha did his makeup while Pepper curled his short hair around his face.
They finally kissed! I think this story will have another chapter or two before it's finished.
“Rhodey! When did you get back?” Tony exclaimed planting a lipstick kiss on the tall man’s cheek.
His uncle was the one that betrayed him. The man that comforted him after Howard yelled. The man who told Tony that he wasn’t worthless. That was the person responsible for his kidnapping. He tried to imagine it, but he couldn’t. His fear of water, his heart problems, his sleepless nights, his scars, they were all his uncle’s fault.
During his free period, he went and sat out by the field again. He pulled out his notebook and sketched blueprints for his project. Before he knew it, the period was over and he was on his way to chemistry. Bruce smiled when he saw him and it made him feel good. They spent the period chatting while they wrote their lab reports. They both finished early, so they ended up talking about which branch of science was the coolest. Tony agreed to come to lunch with Bruce but was incredibly awkward as he walked behind him. He was very grateful that Bruce appeared to be heading to one of the tables outside instead of a table in the crowded cafeteria. Tony sat down next to Bruce who had already grabbed food. Tony insisted that he didn’t need anything. He felt too sick with anxiety to eat anything anyway. Meeting new people made him anxious. What if one of them recognized him?
“Oh, my gosh, I’m so sorry. That was insensitive.” Steve apologized.
Thank you so much to all the people who left comments, they really helped keep me going with this story! Life got completely crazy, but here is the last chapter. I hope you enjoy and leave a comment. Thanks!
“No. No, Steve. It’s not you.” He really didn’t want Steve to feel bad, but he didn’t know if he had it in him to comfort the other boy right now. Thinking about his scars had also brought up some uncomfortable thoughts of inadequacy. Tony imagined Steve in his swimsuit: golden blonde hair stuck to his face, his abs and perfect skin glistening in the sunlight, his blue eyes scrunched up in one of his fully body laughs. Tony then thought about himself: unruly curly hair sticking out everywhere, scarred chest heaving as he tried to take breaths, his eyes haunted and staring at something that wasn’t there. They didn’t belong together. Steve didn’t deserve to get saddled with someone as fucked up as he was.
It all came to a head on a Monday. Tony had a free period and was laying underneath a big tree under the quad. He hummed to himself softly with his eyes closed. It wasn’t often he could turn his brain off like this. He loved it. All he was thinking about was the air brushing against his face, and the grass tickling his legs. He heard someone sit down next to him. He sat up wearily before realizing it was Steve.
Tony smiled when he got the alert that he was alone in the tower. He pulled his makeup bag out of the safe. Tony smeared foundation on his face and then powdered his cheeks with a nude blush. He used his steady hands to paint on the perfect cat eyes and then swiped mascara across his lashes. He turned his lips red and then headed towards his closet. He slipped on his lace underwear, pulled on tights with a black line running up the back, and put a cute dress on. Tony grinned as he stepped into black heels and began to parade around the tower.
“You look um really pretty Tony.” Steve wouldn’t meet his eyes.
“Alright, I’ll give you that one. Try not to be too much of an insufferable ass though please. It’ll be a lot easier for you if you make friends here. You could be in hiding for a long-time Tony. I don’t want you to be miserable.”
“Are you tongue tied, Cap?” Tony teased.
“I’m here for you, Tony. No matter what.” Tony had a hard time believing that people were ever going to be in his corner. He’d been betrayed one too many times, he guessed. But when he looked at Natasha, he knew she was telling the truth. Something in her eyes. Like she was seeing something that wasn’t there. He knew that she was a kindred spirit. Tony weighed his options and ended up grabbing Natasha in a quick hug. Her arms wound around his shoulders and squeezed. They stood their breathing together for a couple seconds before he pulled back.
“Hey Tony, how would you feel about coming over this weekend?” Steve looked so earnest that Tony had to take a second to figure out what was going on. Surely Steve wouldn’t ask him out in a group of people. Tony was pretty sure that they had a good repour going, but that couldn’t be right. They snarked back in forth, but Steve hadn’t been flirting with him. Tony would know. He had tons of people flirt with him. Regardless of how confused he was, Tony flushed. Steve was hot, Tony would give him that. And he was super sweet. Plus, he had a deadpan asshole side, and Tony would deny it, but he tended to like assholes. He was one himself.
As soon as class was over Tony was out of the door. Tony himself wasn’t a fan of looking like he was trying ever, but in this situation, he figured he could make an exception. He moved as fast as his legs could carry him to the parking lot. Tony couldn’t help but think about what Howard would think about him now. He let out a hysterical giggle at what his inevitable reaction would be to his son running as fast as he could, looking like a common high school boy. He threw himself into his car and got the hell out of there. He turned the radio on while he drove and sighed at the familiar sound of ACDC. His breathing slowly calmed down. He couldn’t explain to Rhodey why loud noises scared him and blasting music comforted him. He supposed it was because he was only allowed to blast music when he was alone in his workshop. When he was alone. When he was safe.
“He knows that you aren’t who you say you are. He thinks you’re an abused kid on the run. I just had a feeling that there was something more. Don’t worry Tony. You’re one of us now. We won’t abandon you.” Natasha smiled and Tony tried to make himself believe it. He knew better though. Everyone abandoned him but Rhodey and Pepper. He highly doubted that he’d get to keep an entire group of people.
“Right.” He managed to make himself say before plastering a very fake smile on his face. Natasha was looking at him knowingly. She couldn’t possibly know. Could she? He narrowed his eyes at her but she just looked away.
He pulled his wallet out of his back pocket and plucked a small picture out. He flashed it at Tony’s friends. The photo was rather adorable. It was a picture of Tony as a toddler. His hair was curling in every direction, and his wide smile exposed his missing teeth. Steve’s cheeks lit up pink. Tony tried to ignore what that meant. He was a master at over reading into things.
“I don’t mean seduce them. And what are you wearing? Not like that!” Pepper exclaimed, “Happy just got here. I’ve got a date. Are you going to be okay?”
When Natasha stopped talking and went back to screaming at the opposing team, Tony was forced to confront what had been weighing on him since he arrived. Literally. Tony was completed consumed by one of Steve’s jerseys.
“Are you Tony Scott?” The blond boy asked. His arms were crossed and Tony could see his muscles. He really hoped he wasn’t going to get beat up. He nodded and pushed his glasses up on his face. The red head was squinting at him in a way that made him very uncomfortable.
“Yes.”
Steve grabbed both the drink and his bookbag, “Tony that is so unhealthy! And don’t you have a heart condition?”
“It’s for good luck! Bucky is even gonna ask Bruce to wear his.” Steve quickly followed up. Well that answered that. If Bucky and Bruce were romantically interested in each other, then Tony would give up tech for good. That was fine. It was probably better that Steve wasn’t interested in him anyway. It wasn’t fair to date somebody who could never know the truth about who he was. That’s super terrible.
“Look at me, Stark. You are not at fault here. Shitty things happened to you. I have no idea how it feels to be betrayed by your own family, okay? I’m going to guess that none of us here do. But, I’ve lost an arm. I was a kid with a bright athletic future, and I woke up in the hospital with one less arm than I had the previous day. I couldn’t do anything I used to be able to do, and I missed it like hell, but I could never get that back. But that wasn’t my fault. A drunk asshole did that to me just like your uncle did this to you. I didn’t deserve it and neither do you. Terrible things happen to great people all the time, Tony. This isn’t your fault. And I survived even after all that shit. I can play football again. I got some of those things back that I longed for, and it was hard work, and I hated every god damn second, but I did it, and so will you. You’re going to go to therapy and struggle and overcome and one day you’re going to be able to swim or be free of constant nightmares or take your shirt off without being ashamed. Because you are strong as hell, Tony. You are a survivor, so don’t you dare berate yourself for surviving when the world tries to kick you down. It isn’t fair. Life never is. So, stop talking shit about my favorite coffee addicted genius, okay? I love him. We all do. And I’ll kick anyone’s ass that tries to hurt him.” Bucky’s jaw was tight, and his eyes were suspiciously wet.
Me: I’ll be there in a minute.
Tony glanced over at him, “Not really. Why?”
“I didn’t realize you had this free period.” Tony remarked. The sun was shining through Steve’s blonde hair. He was having a little bit of a hard time focusing. Steve looked nervous. Tony wondered why.
Tony gave a mock gasp as he turned back to Jarvis, “You wound me, J. I’m cool in every form.” Jarvis made a noise of disbelief, which Tony ignored in favor of kneeling down to one of his bots. “Dummy loves me, don’t you boy?” Tony coaxed, petting the robot. The robot gave a whirl in agreement and Tony turned back to Jarvis with a smug expression on his face, “See.”
“Why are you like this?” Tony laughed.
“Yes” Tony breathed out.
“Hey Rhodey, what’s wrong?”
“Do you want to sit with me and my friends at lunch?” Bruce asked. He was giving Tony a soft sympathetic smile that made Tony feel slightly violated and uncomfortable. He thought about his answer. Bruce’s friends were probably cool, and it would give him the opportunity to make friends which he promised Pepper he would do. He was about to say yes when he was startled out of his thoughts by a laugh.
“Shush. I am going to pet your hair, and you are going to fall asleep.” Natasha demanded.
“S’no big deal. Dealt with it before and I can deal with it again.” He mumbled. Of course, he hadn’t dealt with his best friend being deployed to the same place he was kidnapped. That was making him a little more stressed out.
“Shhhh! You’re so loud. Ugh.” Tony held his head in his hands.
“Good to see you again man.” Clint said with a shoulder bump. Tony looked at him confused before focusing back on his notebook. He didn’t have time to worry about Clint being weird. He had stuff to invent. Lots of stuff.
Steve could see Tony hesitating and followed it up with a soft, “please.”
“Liar. My makeup is perfect.” Tony retorted, sticking his tongue out.
So, he tried not to enjoy riding on the back of Steve’s motorcycle too much. He tried not to read into their study sessions. He tried to ignore Steve’s soft eyes watching him during math class. He tried to ignore the pull in his stomach when Steve threw him over his shoulder to stop Tony from studying for another second. He tried to ignore how nice it felt to be wedged in between Steve and Bucky with Steve’s arm around his shoulder. He was okay really. He really was.
Tony ended up breaking the silence, “Dibs on not telling Bucky.”
“Come on, Jarvis. Cool kids get to school late.” Tony sassed flashing a smile at the stone-faced butler. Tony knew that on the inside Jarvis loved his sense of humor. There would be no reason to put up with him otherwise. No amount of money could convince people to stay with Tony for too long. He learned that lesson twice from the only romantic relationships he had ever been in. The girl was after his company secrets and the boy -who was kept a secret from the media- wanted Tony to finance his every whim. He took advantage of Tony’s giving nature and reaped the benefits for about three months before he couldn’t take hanging around Tony anymore. No one could stand being in a relationship with him. A tentative friendship was extremely rare. A relationship was impossible.
Tony kissed Rhodey on the cheek before walking over to Steve. Thor floated over to the other side of the room to interact with Natasha. Steve had a pink blush on his cheeks.
“Well she’s Natasha so probably, but Tony she seems supportive. I think that you should tell the rest of the team. I don’t think that they’ll take it poorly.”
Tony saluted Jarvis, got in the car, and drove off. He drew in a sharp breath when he realized that this might be the last time he saw Jarvis for a long time. Jarvis was too well known as his butler. He couldn’t be seen around Tony Scott: the innocent nerdy senior. Tony fought off his anguish at watching his loving father figure disappear in his rear-view mirror. He wasn’t as upset about not being able to see Howard or Maria. They were never really around anyway; he had been going to college where they never bothered to visit. Jarvis made the drive as much as possible and it always choked Tony up when he thought about the care the old man showed him.
“You were kidnapped?” Thor asked with a devastated expression.
He sits there connected to the line with the operator’s assurances falling flat in his ears.
‘I guess I fucked up following you out here.’ Tony reaches for the bike and uprights it. ‘Go find yourself, Cap. I’ll be around if you ever decide we can still be...’ he hesitates, and a barrage of emotions run across his face like he’s been plunged into a pool of them, ‘friends or something.’
Without further explanation, Steve leans in and Tony lets it happen, telling himself he’s misunderstanding right till the moment Steve’s lips touch his. Tony wants to let it happen, wants to kiss back, wants to let his hand drift up and grip the back of Steve’s neck. Wants to let himself pretend he deserves this.
‘I missed you, Tony,’ Steve says. He reaches for Tony’s hand, squeezes his fingers and it feels like the world mean more. ‘Everything will be okay this time.’
If he can give and give and give so much that he can give it all away and wake up cleansed of everything. Then he can go back home and wash up and think of some excuse for Steve and forget about all of this.
“Spilled my whiskey.”
The taste of blood spoiled mud is real. The smell of oncoming rain. The feeling of his body shutting down and the ground melting around him. Steve's voice is real too, somewhere many worlds away, but here, in Tony's head, the connection is false. Bound by Extremis. Another result of Tony's insatiable need to be something better.
Tony smiles back.
Steve can read him, of course. Tony has a lifetime of acting to back him up, but near Steve these days his emotional façade turns into a thin veneer.
'I'm sorry, Steve.' He doesn't say the words like they ought to sound, desperate and dying, , there's no dirt in his mouth, no rattle of unsteady breath, it's sure and strong in the way only Extremis can give him now. 'I'm so fucking sorry.' And the little shaky sound that might be strained breathing or half a sob is all him.
And even though he feels ill at the prospect of food, he’s cant refuse Steve such a simple request. Tony nods. Steve spoons mouthful after mouthful of tasteless soup down Tony’s throat and Tony swallows without protest. It’s intimate, but not in the way Tony has always hoped for. He feels like a invalid, a child, a burden.
He imagines telling Steve later, with the conviction of a man who is not lying,
Tony inhales shakily and his face contorts. He blinks rapidly, his lashes long and dark in his paper-pale face, and Steve catches the sheen of tears in his eyes. But that doesn’t last long; Tony’s expression smooths out and he quickly gets himself back under control. “You know, I waited…” Tony starts, then stops, his voice a hoarse, choked-off thing. His gaze flicks away from Steve, and Steve feels the loss of it acutely. Chills wash over him.
Every day sinking deeper and harder. He wakes thinking about him, falls asleep in the arms of a stranger still thinking about him. Too much want, too soon and too hard and too out of reach. Tony is used to getting what he wants. He smiles more, touches Steve more, spends a hefty fortune on memorabilia.
'Are you...' Steve stops, pauses, starts over. 'Don't do anything stupid, Tony, please.' Tony recognises fear in the record pin stagger of Steve's voice. Tony has done a million stupid things in his life, dying will be far from the stupidest. But Steve thinks he has a choice, that he is standing on that cliff edge now and waiting to jump. Steve always sees choices where there are none. No compromises, you just have to try harder and a solution will come.
‘I’m not going back to my room. Tell me what the fuck is going on?’
Steve is distant and Tony is unmoored once more. Drifting along in a sea of
Steve smiles a hunter’s smile and Tony wonders for a moment if he is the pray, but it’s there and gone in a moment and perhaps he imagined it, perhaps his brain won’t let him have happy moments untainted.
A flash of memory. He’d gagged so bad he’d thrown up three times tonight.
'I think... I think I'd like that.'
Tony can hear his heart beating, it’s louder than it ought to be, thrumming in his ears like a heavy drum beat in the otherwise silence. Maybe it’s just a moment, but it stretches out thin and long like taffy being pulled and it doesn’t break until Steve speaks again.
He pictures Steve and that kiss on a loop. It’s distant now, less like a memory, more like a delusion. Maybe he’s lost it. Maybe he’s tired and desperate and he wants this enough that his mind conjured it up. He wants to scream but before he can, the door cracks open slowly, letting in a sliver of light.
'Fuck, I'm such an idiot, Steve. I just wish... I wish you were here.' Tony breaks into a wretched fit of hacking coughs, strings of blood dribbling down his chin and catching in his beard. In spite of this, he feels a hit of renewed energy, like he's been jabbed with an adrenaline shot. The trickling blood flows to a stop like a leak that's been plugged. He looks down at the blood quickly drying, coating his skin like a fine coat of paint and it's like all the toxicity has been bled out of him. He is new somehow, clinging to the lifeline of reciprocation, jittery with an urgency to get up and move, to go home, to find Steve and kiss him and fuck him as he's never quite dared to imagine. It's a dream now, a wish, but no longer a fantasy.
Sweat damp sheets, sticky with blood that isn’t his, dark with ash and dust and the lingering reminders of a battle barely won. Stuck to him like a layer of dried paint. He blinks into the darkness and feels more awake than he wants to. Remembers collapsing here only hours earlier and wishes he could sleep away the demons that live in his memories. Wishes he could tune out the sound of screams and dying breaths with the sitcoms and soap operas that distract him in the day.
“Where were you?”
Steve smiles a little. Soft, warm, like Tony is a child who’s just said something cute. ‘Just try a little. It’s been a long time, we need to see if your stomach can handle it. Please.’
Privacy is the last thing in the world he wants. He'd like the entire world to see him and judge him and spit on his grave. Let him lay down and rot and never once be mourned.
"Guess we should be thankful for it, but it sure feels like bullshit to me."
“I want to fuck you,” he says and doesn’t sound like him or feel like him or look like him. He wants to know what it feels like to fuck someone who doesn’t want you. Walk a mile in that man’s shoes.
‘Sir, please, I wouldn’t have but it’s important.’
"Are you okay?" Steve asks. "Should I get a doctor?"
He feels a sudden urgency to warn Steve. A nurse, a doctor, a journalist, and one could have walked in on them like this and sold the story to the tabloids. ‘Someone’s at the door.’
“How many men have fucked you today?” He asks and wonders if he is looking to connect. With her? With the man he once was who visited places like this for fun?
‘I missed you, too.’ He knows what this feels like from the other side. So many times he’s crumbled without Steve in his life.
‘Please, Steve, please. Let me touch you.’ Tony thinks he would do anything Steve asks of him right now. But that is all Steve wants of him.
“I’ll pay.” He wonders what would make her scream or cry or beg. What would have made him?
It was easy to channel everything into Iron Man. To be a better, kinder man.
‘You coming or what?’ Tony calls over his shoulder.
. Tony says,
Steve removes the blindfold sometimes, claims he likes to see Tony’s eyes, gets all poetic about the colour of the sky. Today is one of those days. Steve sits at his bedside, pulls a book from his satchel. Its dust cover is neat and shiny, and Tony can hear the pages crinkle as Steve opens it. Hydra: A History Retold is printed in bold across the cover.
“Fuck my face.” It’s not a request he has to make twice. Steve is already rock hard by the time Tony gets his pants open.
A steady beeping coaxes Steve to awareness. He feels groggy, his head is killing him and his tongue is heavy in his mouth. What he wouldn’t give for an aspirin right about now. He blinks at the thought. He hasn’t wanted an aspirin since - all at once everything comes back to him. Thanos, the gauntlet, his reflection, Tony - he settles on Tony.
'You never said.' It's a ridiculous thing to say, because Tony never said either, but it's all he can think of. It stings a little to know they've been orbiting each other like this for who knows how long. Heroes supposedly, and yet never quite brave enough to be people.
"You haven't lost what made you a hero, Tony. You still have that brain and those suits of yours." Tony can still be Iron Man. But Steve, well, he's just Steve now.
He’s going to visit Tony.
But he can't. He is alone, face down in the soil of a world he doesn't know, which is killing him with a slow kindness and he wants, just for one last moment, to feel the comfort of home. A flesh and blood connection that he can't have. Extremis is giving him as close as he'll get.
Puts his civvies on, and thinks of running somewhere. Opens the window instead, lets the night air hit his face and listens to the traffic and the shouting and the new nature of the city that isn’t his anymore.
But Steve is willing to listen. So Tony talks.
Flashes of the fight with Carol. He lost, he supposes. Lost but survived, because he always seems to hang around to witness his failures.
Steve cleans him with a wet cloth and warm water, like Tony is an invalid. He enjoys the warmth, the soft cloth, the feeling of skin on skin and nothing sexual. He thinks he should hate it, but it’s calming, grounding, a real touch he can allow himself to feel as the rest of the world slowly fades away.
Steve is calmer than he should be. Brewing on words when he should be fighting, punching, shouting.
‘They caused it, yes.’
? Why are we here right now? Why did any of this happen? Why me? Why you? I’m not God, Tony. I don’t have your fucking answers.’
'Of course I would.'
Everything will be okay this time.
Of course it fucking matters. He doesn’t say it, because Steve means no harm. Steve’s been waiting for this, and Tony knows what it’s like to be the one left behind.
It leaves another chink in the armour, one more crack in his soul.
Steve sets the empty bowl aside and runs a hand through Tony’s hair. There’s a further intimacy to it, something that feels beyond friendship and Tony wishes his mind wouldn’t wonder to fantasy whenever Steve’s around.
Tony squints at the ceiling and Steve squeezes his fingers, begging Tony to look his way. But Tony’s eyes drift closed again. The rumble of his sleep heavy breathing begins once more, a reassurance of the life and humanity that remains beneath the buzz of machinery.
Steve picks at his hospital gown with his free hand, and a grimace twists his face at the fire that shoots through him because of even that tiny movement. There’s some kind of gauze covering most of his burned hand.
. Tony wants to burn it all to the ground. Tony is used to getting what he wants.
Everything after that happens in blur. Too much movement, too fast, and all at once. In the peripheral of his vision he sees a brief flash of Sam and Bucky rushing towards them, before he flicks his eyes back to Tony. The last thing he sees is Tony’s look of alarm before his eyes roll back and he feels himself pass out.
Tony sits, touching as much of Steve’s body as he can without getting in his lap.
“Get me a whiskey.” He gives her money, more than she needs for a couple drinks. The woman hesitates but turns to the bar without comment. “Make it a bottle.” He’s going to need more than Dutch courage to make this happen.
He feels himself numbing, his brain drifting away from him again. He fights it, like he always does but the pull of unconsciousness is too strong.
He laughs and even though Extremis it sounds sad and broken.
Tony looks old. Steve feels old too.
Steve.
After Siberia—after he thought he’d lost Tony and his friendship and his keen wit and his dark eyes that had always looked at Steve with such warmth—Steve had sent Tony a phone and a promise. He’d promised that if Tony needed him, he’d be there.
He's waking up.
Steve is by his bedside again. Different clothes, hint of stubble. Soft warm light creeping in from the doorway and lighting him from behind. He looks fuzzy around the edges, like an illusion.
Steve leans over and kisses him, the smell of Tony’s come still on his breath. ‘You’d like that’s huh?’ Steve whispers against his lips. Steve is fondling Tony’s balls, but his hand moves now, up to the restraints. He pulls them loose, snaps the leather effortlessly. It’s teasing almost, a reminder of how little power Tony has in comparison.
He understands why Tony started drinking. He wants to understand what made him stop. He grabs the shield and goes in search of a hero who'll beat the shit out of him.
He tries the door. Shouldn’t maybe, would’ve been better about a man’s privacy once, but he is here now and burning with the need to
On the other side, none of it looks the same. Like Steve's moves are a little off. It reminds Tony of a sword fighter who switches hands to throw their opponent off. Steve knows that Tony knows how he fights.
saved the world. Together.
'Closure, I guess. I know what it's like to lose you without ever having a goodbye.'
'I don't know what you expect me to say, Tony,' Steve says as the silence drags. There's a hint of loosely held anger in his voice and Tony finds he resents how it disturbs his newfound sense of acceptance. He wants to imagine that Steve's reaction doesn't matter, that now the words are out there, he can die in peace.
. Things are different now.
His wallet is damp and the bills inside are sodden, but the young blonde he waves down takes them without complaint.
'What? That they'll kill you?'
Steve is slowing now, his movements stuttering, his bruising grip relaxing. ‘Are you tired, Tony? Shall we stop?’ Steve climaxed without him noticing, he can feel it now, between his legs.
‘I want to know what’s going on, Steve. You can’t hide me away from the world in here forever.’
He slurs on the words perhaps, because Steve ask, 'Are you drunk?'
Tony has killed before. Tony has seen Steve kill before. The man lying at his feet wears a Hydra uniform and probably would have killed them both given the chance. Surely.
‘I know. Its just... I’m not sure if you’re ready yet. I don’t want to lose you again.’
‘Can you smell it, Tony?’ Steve asks and Tony is baffled for a moment. There’s a bowl in Steve’s hands, steam wafting from hot soup. He thinks of their early days in the mansion, drinking Steve’s homemade soup through a straw during Avengers lunch breaks, because Steve’s home cooking was too good to pass up. ‘Come on Tony, what do you smell?’
There are things he wouldn’t do, maybe, but he can’t think of them now. Steve is touching him. Steve is his anchor to the world right now and Tony thinks he wouldn’t have it any other way.
Steve looks at him, and Tony swears Steve can read it in him like he’s yelling it from the rooftop. ‘Beg,’ Steve says, and this is not how Tony has expected it to go. He blinks up at Steve and processes the breathless smirk and sweat on his brow, the way his body moves like he belongs to Tony. Tony feels powerful and powerless. He has a hold on Steve that he has never had before, but Steve too, has a new hold on him. He is tempted to call it the beginning of something. This is new and he wants to approach it with caution but he’s already three feet deep.
‘I know you do,’ Tony says. ‘But you shouldn’t.’
hands,
Steve is still silent, but he's stayed on the line, waiting for Tony to condemn himself further, perhaps.
Steve yawns and stretches and smiles at him. He looks so different in the post sleep haze, like the stresses of being a soldier have been washed away. ‘Good morning, Tony.’
'We never really talked after you came back, did we Steve? I'm kind of a coward. Do you want to know how many times I've stood on your doorstep late at night and walked away without knocking? Guess I kind of hoped I wouldn't have to. That I could project hard enough and you'd just know I was there, crawling, waiting for you to forgive me and I wouldn't have to say anything, because you would just know.'
He continues to talk, can't stop really, the string has been tugged and he's unravelling like a poorly sewn sweater. 'All I want now is for you to know how sorry I am. How I wish things could have been different. I don't need you to forgive me, I don't even think that's really possible, I just need you to know. God, Steve, I don't want all the things I should have told you to die with me.'
He wants that a lot lately.
Of course it’s him.
Tony stands and strips his shirt off. With the TV off the only light in the room comes form the hall light peeking in beneath the door. It’s enough to get by; not enough to see bruises.
They don’t stop until the fuel tank is running on empty. Steve isn’t even sure where they are, he’s been following his instincts for a few hundred miles, not the road signs. They pull up at a gas station attached to a diner so old fashioned it looks like it hasn’t been renovated since Steve’s youth.
Maybe Steve will want that from him tonight. He likes Tony on his knees and Tony used to like it too.
‘I want to make you happy.’ That’s all it comes to in the end. What he has wanted since they found Steve that day in the ice. He hasn’t always got what he wanted, but today, maybe he can.
Tony wants to say. Steve speaks when Tony doesn’t:
Flat words. Hurt pride, not heartbreak. Steve walks away. Tony wishes he had hit him and wants to find someone who will. Instead he steps outside the him he has become and revisits a Tony he used to be. He shouldn’t be sober at seven am, drinking in the gutter feels less like dying.
He feels Tony’s arm pull out of his grasp, though he tries to hold on, hears Tony mumble something soothing when he chokes out a distressed noise. Then Tony’s hand is in his, he can feel the callouses and scars, the recent burn damage from the Gauntlet. It matches his own.
He doesn’t need Steve to feel good. He lived a good life without him. Night clubs now. Dancing, drinking, music to burn the thoughts right out of his brain. Swaying to the rhythm of
"What good would it do?"
He thinks maybe if he lets Steve down and proves him right, this will be easier for both of them. He should die like he lived. So he says
Tony is used to getting what he wants. He brews in that want. Drip, drip, of resentment building. He starts to hate Steve as much as he loves him.
“God Steve, you - I...” Tony fumbles with his words, shaking his head. Before he finally seems to stop and settles on what to say. “We did it, Steve. We - we actually did it.” Tony brings his other hand around now, to encase his smaller one in both. The difference doesn’t seem to phase him, or maybe he doesn’t notice, but the attention makes Steve feel a rush of affection for the man nonetheless.
Tony calls it heavenly, says every meal is like the best he’s ever tasted since he got a body back. In reality, Tony takes two bites and plays with the food like he’s seeing something enchanting in the ketchup swirls.
Steve jabs him in the shoulder and almost instantly Tony feels his consciousness drifting away. He’s stripped and gagged and all he can manage in protest is a twitch of his fingers.
‘I’ll do as I like. See, I brought you back from that coma and I can return you to it any time I choose.’
Tony pulls back, coughs, shakes off the poison images, replaces them with the sight of Steve’s cock, wet and hard and waiting for more. He dives back in.
The Stones physically drained Tony just as they did Steve. But Tony had no Super Soldier serum to give up.
Steve sits down at the edge of the bed, his hand rests over Tony’s. It shocks him in a way, because it’s intimate, perhaps more so than the kiss – he’s kissed a lot of people, far fewer have touched him like this.
It stings but Tony has no right to question it. He’s never been the most important thing in Steve’s life and never will be, not like Steve is in his. He’s accepted that long ago.
Tony is used to getting what he wants. All business for a time, he loses track of the thought, no time for lust, just Hulks and aliens. Iron Man is some new form of life that’s keeping him alive. Catching moments of it when he sees Cap every time, because
Tony is dying a little more everyday. He thinks that Steve is still beautiful sometimes. He has the same face Tony has always know. The same muscles, the same golden hair and soft smile. He walks and talks like Steve always has.
Tony is caught between the urge to hang up and the desperate, tightly held composure that is crumbling away at the sound of Steve's voice. He thinks if he opens his mouth he will not stop talking. There is so much he wants to say and he can't because his own body is betraying him, holding him in time like an ancient castle, too late to change, too broken to rebuild. He would give anything right now just to hear Steve say he is forgiven.
He wonders if he's always been missing a piece of this puzzle. If there was something, some word or scenario, that could wedge in that empty spot and hit his self destruction switch, or if he is too conceited to ever actually kill himself. He likes to pretend the world needs Iron Man, even if it would be better off without Tony Stark.
‘Please, sir,’ the Hydra soldier begs, ‘I have a son.’
The words Hail Hydra are barely out of the soldier’s mouth before Tony tackles him to the ground.
‘I don’t know. I don’t care. Anywhere but here.’
‘I’m sorry you had to see that, Tony.’ He doesn’t sound sorry, he sounds irritated.
He extends a hand and for a moment all Steve wants is to leave Tony standing there unacknowledged. He pushes down the image of himself touching Tony all over and goes to shake his hand, but Tony notices his hesitation and drops his before Steve can take it.
, Steve calls him in public and Tony feels the bruises from the night before and smirks. In private, Steve has no better word than,
He feels Steve getting closer, leaning in for his kiss, his breath ghosting Tony’s cheek. ‘Don’t fucking touch me.’ He never thought he’d be so repulsed by the thought of Steve kissing him.
“I’m horny. Boring dinners always make me horny.” Its the truth. They have their best sex when Tony gets homes from a particularly dull meeting.
‘Are you coming?’
If ever there was a time to make good on that promise and prove they weren’t empty words from a liar’s mouth, it’s now, when Tony’s trapped in a hospital bed, unable to move, because he saved the world.
Tony steels himself with hair of the dog and says the words:
‘I’m leaving,’ Steve tells him. He’s standing in the garage looking at his bike for the first time since his return and it feels like salvation, untouched by hydra hands.
Steve hisses a curse, sharp and under his breath, like he's taken a blow to the abdomen. 'You get under my skin like no one else can, you know that, Tony?'
'Not safe, exactly,' Tony says with a hopeless crack of laughter.
In spite of himself, Tony laughs. 'Real. Yeah.' He isn't sure what real is anymore. Maybe he never was. Maybe he's spent so much of his life living in a metal shell that he's forgotten what it's like to be human. Or he wishes that were the case. He knows the words
‘Because you need me.’
When she hands it to him, he drinks straight from the bottle, indulging in the grotesqueness of it all. Get it in his system to forget what’s up and down. Allow him to enjoy this, just this one moment, just long enough to implode his life.
‘I blame me!’ Steve toes the ground, digging his feet in, the urge to run, to fight, to just be moving when he feels like this is so engraved in his very being that his inaction feels explosive.
Steve wakes to the early dawn sunlight. Tony is standing over him, nudging him with his foot.
"He's resting now. He took it pretty hard but he's going to be okay. Happy and I were discussing protocol after Tony is released. Do you want to go in and see him?"
Steve shakes his head, his smile turns mournful. Tony thinks of Steve in the ice, waking up to a world that left him behind. He imagines Iron Man wouldn’t remain so relevant in a changed future.
He turns his back on it. Pulls the box out from under his bed, rifles through the dusty porn magazines and crumpled newspaper he hid it amongst, rests the helmet Tony gave him on his lap and wonders what he’s doing here.
‘What medication? What’s it for?’
or even
And as Steve says it, Tony feels it. His stagnated limbs shaking with the effort to stay standing, the aura of a migraine building, the stench of death adding to the roll of nausea in his gut. He’s one step away from passing out and landing in the guys leaking brain matter.
He sees the doubt in Steve’s eyes. They know each other too well.
He tires of fuck you and leave you. Days spent like they hardly know each other. No sneaking kisses when they have a moment alone. No kisses at all, in fact. He starts to feel like there’s something tickling under his skin when they sit close in a meeting. He was never a hold-hands kind of person. And yet.
Maybe if this were different, they’d be lying together, home, comfortable. It’s quick and desperate, and Tony hears between Steve’s ragged breathing the low sound of his voice. ‘You’re alive,’ he says, ‘you’re mine and you’re alive and you trust me and everything will be alright this time.’ And the words aren’t really meant for him, but Tony understands and won’t deny him, because he’s dreamed of this and now he knows, Steve has too.
The noise twists into focus and with a flickering buzz like an old school dial tone, Tony hears Steve's voice, faint, groggy and flat. Steve hasn't spoken to him with the affection of a friend since he returned. Tony hasn't apologised. Steve hasn't forgotten.
‘It’s okay Tony, sleep, now. You’re back with us. Everything is going to be okay this time, I promise.’
Steve is asleep on the couch when he gets back to the penthouse.
Steve takes his hand and leads him down the deserted hallway to a viewing room. The lights are dimmed, and the windows blanked out.
Steve tries again. This time Bucky doesn't stop him, knows that he can try all he wants and it will only lead to Steve doing what he wants anyway. Steve slips out of bed. Bucky finds him some pants to toss on. The hospital gown is not flattering in any way that Steve wants half the hospital to see his butt.
Time feels slow, his brain does too, like he’s wading through sludge to grasp at every thought. Tony twists his neck, a little painful, but he can see Steve. The line of his brow is softer now, like it used to be. He would have liked to see Steve like this before.
‘More than I trust myself.’ He’s shook by his own words. If Steve suggested they turn away now, he would. Let them bury whatever secret’s he’s keeping behind that locked door, go to bed, fuck until the memory is trivial, and only bring it up as a joke ten years down the line when it has become as unimportant to what their lives will be, as that mix up with that shapeshifter is to what their lives are now.
He doesn’t want to remember how to want. He wants to be a husk. Flick the off switch in his brain; he used to do that, with Extremis. Systems shutting down.
‘You’re not Steve,’ Tony says as soon as the gag is out of the way.
Tony first crawled down the rabbit hole of daytime drinking to impress his dear dad. He followed it down to the gutter to feel better about about his failures.
The future is bright and ugly and remote, and Tony gave him this and Steve is choosing his own loneliness and pride. He wants to be the kind of man he once was, when he wore this helmet. When he remembered how to be happy, instead of angry and sad and scared.
‘Get on your knees.’
‘What did you do, Stark?’
He awakes somewhere cold, abrasive bed sheets beneath him. It’s not the same bed, maybe not the same room. He’s blindfolded and gagged and the restraints around his wrist and ankles chafe. He struggles against the bonds to little effect.
Steve stops reading then. Watches him, his eyes fluttering. ‘That’s it, Tony, sleep now,’ Steve’s voice goes low and soft, lulling him to sleep. ‘Next time will be better, next time we can truly be together. Hail Hydra.’
He glances at the empty IV hanging limply, doesn’t remember when it was removed, and feels conflicted by the uncertainty of what he’s just seen and the knowledge that Steve loves him.
‘Please, Steve, how long was I --’
Maybe the world doesn’t hate him and maybe Tony doesn’t either, but there’s a stain there that can never fade away completely.
‘Sorry about that. Weird dream.’
Steve pulls his finger back, looks at the blood on it, his face remains neutral. Tony’s seen his blood on Steve’s hands before. It’s different, but not so different. It’s right he thinks, that Steve should hurt him here too; hurt his body like he’s hurting his heart.
“Yeah?” She is smiling and stroking his cock again. “My knight in shining armour? Are you going to protect me from all those awful guys out there?” She throws her head back and moans, then fingers her pussy. “You’ll save me, won’t you? They left me wanting it so bad.”
“I could get you out of here,” he says. She could walk away today with a million dollars in her pockets. Never again suck a dick she doesn’t want to. “I could save you.”
‘I’m tired, I guess.’ Tired. It’s bone deep and there not enough rest to cure him of it. He’s soul tired. Maybe it would have been better if he stayed in that coma.
‘You need to take your medication, Tony.’
It's strange to be bleeding from a wound that doesn't exist. Though the natives had implied the wound was internal, the blood is seeping from his pores like sweat.
There's a long growling sigh, and a part of Tony is relieved to recognise the frustration, half of their relationship was built on it. 'Tony please,' Steve says, 'I just want to know if you're safe.'
‘Time to wake up, Avenger. You going to open your eyes again for me?’
to love him.
‘It’s a different world now, Tony, sometimes tough choices have got to be made in the interest of the greater good. That’s something you once tried to teach me.’
He imagines Tony here alone, while Steve slept. Dwelling. Drowning his pain, numbing himself to it. Not numb enough. He steadies himself, buries Steve Rogers behind the soldier he has learned to be, and remembers how to move.
He runs the towel though his hair, pushes it against his eyes and burns away the images that try to linger in his mind. Thinks of the men and women who died last night and the things he should be feeling. He wants to let go of his grief but when he does the guilt cripples him.
feet, his dick – he’s doing this. Choosing this. He starts to shake. Pushes hard to his feet and can’t stop the room spinning. Stop, stop, stop. His pants are tangled around his feet, stumble, strangle, can’t get free. Nothing, nothing, he has nothing left to take.
He has said all he needs to say. However Steve responds now, gentle rejection, complete disgust, laughter, it's of no consequence.
It doesn't comfort him like he'd hoped it would. His death won't ease Steve's pain. You can hate someone and love them at the same time. You can miss someone who was a toxin in your life.
(Soon, he thinks, soon he’ll release it.)
How some of it had been Thanos until Tony had taken the Infinity Gauntlet off of him and snapped his fingers and saved the world.
‘I suppose not. Probably the why is more important.’
‘I’ll leave you be soon. I just - - I need to ask. Was it true. Any of it?’
'Fuck you!' Steve shouts with a real rage now, a power that makes Tony flinch, even all these worlds away. 'Fuck you, Tony. You think you get to call me up with a love confession then just roll over and die? You're always looking for the easy solution. You think you're generous, giving me closure. Well fuck you, you can't heal all wounds with I love yous. If you die now, you'll be dead and there will be no fixing us because you'll be gone. You say you love me? Then for fuck sake
Steve steps over and looks down at the body. ‘Bastard,’ he says. Then with a venom that is nothing like the Steve Tony has always known, he stomps on the man’s skull and it splinters and collapses beneath his boot like fragile glass. ‘And it was going so well this time,’ he says with a sigh.
'God. Fuck. Steve.' Tony screams. All his despair, all his physical pain, all the wretched melting pot of every emotional response he has suppressed over the last two years. And when he stops, Steve is there calling his name over and over, because he thinks he's listening to his old friend kill himself. Maybe he's not, but he is listening to his old friend die.
yet. Thinks of saying days from now, years from now, telling his grandchildren:
There’s puke on Tony’s pillow, crusted to his lips, it smells mostly of whisky and is tinged with the neon pink of Pepto Bismol.
'Like a parasite.' Tony laughs
, because he destroys all the good in his life. Drink and fuck and get high like the old days and never stop to contemplate what love felt like. No one calls on Iron Man anymore but he flies the suit like he still means something. Tony wants to feel alive. Tony wants to feel dead. Tony is used to getting what he wants.
He can’t get it up. Blames it on the coke he wishes he’d taken and lets her suck his flaccid cock in vein for another twenty minutes.
He didn't mean to, not consciously at least. It's like a muscle spasm, his brain thinks it and it is so.
It’s been two weeks and Steve’s dreams are vivid. His voice issuing execution orders, hailing hydra. Watching the obliteration of Las Vagas. Feeling Tony’s body splayed beneath his.
Steve kisses him again and it feels strangely distant, like he’s sealing a deal, proving a point. It’s less than a lover’s kiss, but maybe it’s too soon to expect that.
“And where are you going? We’re already waiting on one moron.” Natasha looked over her shoulder to see Clint grabbing his jacket. “I’m not waiting on another!”
But he hadn’t been present the last two weeks, and there was a visible hole in the group where he was missing.
Tony suddenly pulled his glasses off. “
He was nervous. Ideally not visibly so but that was the least of his worries right now. What would all this mean for the company? For his employees? His freedom?
Tony pulled the cap off his head and brushed a hand over his lower face. “Your attitude is all over some fucking trash? Jesus Cap, you could’ve just asked us for help!”
He swallowed thickly, casting a sideways glance at Rhodey who only a moment before had very firmly told him to stick to the cards. He fidgeted with his cufflink as he directed his gaze back towards his notes. All he needed to do now was read the words carefully typed out for him and move on. But… something deep inside him, something instinctive gave him pause.
the one that insisted on us living together.
It didn’t take terribly long to reach the bottom, but as Tony was stepping off the last rung, Clint reached out pulled him into a tight hug. He sighed into the man’s hair.
This was a defining moment. The next few seconds would dictate the rest of his life. From how he acted in public to how he treated his personal relationships. Every little thing he’d do from here on out would be scrutinized down to the tiniest little detail. And boy wasn’t that just a lot riding on one little sentence.
Clint perched in the stool next to him. “You know how Tony gets. He’s gonna get it in his head that we don’t want him around and he’s just gonna be all mopey until you fix it. I mean, he’s already been avoiding all of us for the last week. You can’t let him go on like this much longer.”
Not 12 hours later, he was proved wrong.
Tony considered for a moment the whole situation and whether or not he wanted to spew his feelings to Rhodey. “Any chance I could get away with not taking this call?”
Steve plopped onto the bar stool and let his hands fall into his lab, shaking his head in disbelief. He looked like he regretted Tony coming up, like he’d had rather been bludgeoned by the colonel as some sort of penance for what he’d done.
The team had been out celebrating their latest victory, if it could even be called that. Strange had managed to bring some fun little creatures to the city during one of his magical escapades. The man had mostly gotten it under control, but the Avengers figured they could lend a hand regardless. The whole ordeal had been over within an hour and minimal property damage had been done. So all-in-all, a victory.
for the bread?
“You son of a bitch! Who the fuck do you think you are!?” Rhodey waved the picture aimlessly, haphazardly trying to get out of Thor’s grip. “Well!? You’re not even going to try to deny it!”
Immediately, Steve released the tension in his body and dropped his hands. “Oh my god. Tony I didn’t mean-“ he went to take a step towards him, hands reaching out to help him up, but Tony flinched reactively and Thor placed a hand on Steve’s chest in response. Steve couldn’t tear his eyes away from his boyfriend, the look of hurt and betrayal sharp on his face.
Tony wrapped his arms around his neck and smiled into his mouth.
He thought about the things Tony had said, and how he’d been acting the last couple weeks. It was true, he had been in rough mood as the anniversary of him going in the ice was coming up. It made him think about his past all the time. It seemed like the smallest things could remind him of what he’d lost. The faintest smell could remind him of muggy summer afternoons, sitting in the park with Bucky. Or the vibrant red lipstick on display looked like the exact shade Peggy would wear. It stung to think about the people he’d never see again.
“Oh, and your best friend? He was definitely always with you? Right?” Tony gave just the smallest pause, just enough to really emphasize his point. “Bucky was with you
The last thing he remembered was aiming a repulsor blast at the box, and that was that.
continues to make strides as his company starts to restructure around not building weapons. The stocks drop and then they rise and he makes Pepper CEO. He gets a new assistant that is too good to be true but he’ll figure her out eventually. Iron Man hasn’t made an appearance since that night at Stark Industries and it’s not for lack of want but simply for lack of need. It’s starting to look like Tony really has privatized world peace.
Tony sat down across from him, in a chair that was likely worth more than a small home in rural Ohio. The press conference had just ended a few minutes before and Tony had, begrudgingly, stuck to the cards.
my home.” He swept his hand towards the team. “You all are
“Vitals critical.”
They filed in and Happy gave a glance in the rear-view mirror. “Where to, Boss?”
Natasha interjected from the side. This was getting way out of hand. But her shout went unnoticed.
“How am I even supposed to even depend on you when you’re not around half the time!?”
“I’ve been working my ass off trying to make you happy and I can’t even get a god damn “thank you” from time to time! I can’t keep doing this if it’s not going to get us anywhere!”
Bruce snorted. “Hey, Captain Corny, we know. Don’t worry, you can’t shake us that easy.”
These comments weren’t terribly often, but after a while, they’d started to take their toll. Tony always put in extra effort when he noticed Steve start to get the far-away look in his eyes. He’d take Steve to his favorite restaurants and all the museums in New York and do silly touristy things. Anything to help him take the edge off.
'It's a bit late for that, Steve. I think when I was born someone wrote "you will make stupid choices" and stuck it in my fortune cookie.' Like he can bring levity to this. Steve doesn't laugh now but someday he will. Laugh. Cry. Remember how Tony was a friend once and laugh some more because it’s only when you can finally rest that you look back and realise how much the sack of sand on your shoulders was weighing you down.
Thinks the words:
Steve pulls the blanket back and runs his hands across Tony’s chest. ‘I won’t miss out again.’
Steve's heart beats a little slower than average. Apparently, it's part of being the optimal human, his heart is so much more efficient. Tony has known this fact for years, he read Steve's first medical report after they dragged him out of the ocean. It's something else entirely to rest his head on Steve's chest and feel the beat.
Tony hops on the back of the bike and wraps his arms around Steve’s waist with a stiff defiance, like the mere touch proves they can still be friends.
'What did you mean then?'
‘He said you loved me. Was it just another lie?’
"Self pity doesn't look good on you, Steve. And that gown's not too flattering either."
“Tony?”
‘What would you do, Tony? What would you do to make me happy?’
For a while, drink holds her brain steady when she is craving life, but she needs something more. So she kisses Jess one day and Carol feels like she is flying again.
He starts to move his arms. Tug, pull, twinge of pain against bruised wrists. He’s still restrained. He draws a hissed breath beneath Steve’s lips and Steve draws back, smiling still.
He lingers, wants to touch Steve as Steve touched him, but he’s tired and spent and his body is not used to moving anymore. His sluggish fingers drag down Steve’s chest, but his arm is heavy and he can’t hold it up. ‘There’ll be other days, Tony,’ Steve tells him. ‘Rest. I’ll stay with you.’
Fighting alongside Steve feels as natural as breathing. Tony knows how Steve moves, like a dance he's memorised every step to.
There was a kind of karmic justice to everything that happened in Afghanistan that made it easy to know what he had to do when it was all over.
Tony watches the drip, drip of some cocktail of experimental drugs running into his system and keeping him present in the world. He thinks of the countless families across the globe, sitting bedside vigil for comatose loved one, hoping, praying, never giving up. He wants to ask why him, but it’s Steve and by some standard, Tony is considered a friend and a hero and a celebrity, so of course it’s him. Tony Stark excels at getting his two dozen second chances. Second chances to live a better life - second chances to fuck everything up.
He puts his ear to the door, listens for snoring or sex or
‘No, no. I’m not so simple minded, Tony, I thought you knew me better. See in a few days, you’re going to slowly drift back into a coma. The next time you wake, you won’t remember any of this. Right here, right now, I can do anything I like to you and soon you won’t even know. You’ll wake and I will show you our new world and you’ll come to know this is for the best.’
‘Good,’ Steve says when the bowl is empty. ‘You’re getting there. How are you feeling?’
Steve reads it to him, his voice is soothing, beautiful, human. Tony hates the words but settles in to the sounds of it like ocean waves. It’s not language, just noise, a human voice breaking the silence.
‘Fucking hell.’ Tony sighs, rubs his brow and let’s Steve approach him. He’s not in any position to make demands.
‘A... War, I suppose you could say. A group of rogues, law breakers, who didn’t know when to stop.’
‘Is something wrong?’ Tony asks.
Steve watches Tony go, then kicks his fallen bike, lowers himself to the floor and buries his head in his hands.
'You don't get to call me out of the blue at two am and hang up without an explanation,' Steve says.
Steve smiles at him, and Tony thinks, perhaps he knew him better than he thought. Drawn to him, burned by his flame because he saw something in his soul hidden deep, a darkness that has never been there in the real Steve, an imperfection that finally made him attainable. Deep down there’s something rotten in them both.
. That Steve is wild, none of the restraint he ties himself to in the day. Tony enjoys the duality of it, the life within a life. He feels like that Steve belongs to him and him alone.
Steve’s fingers creep up, rub against Tony’s dick above the blanket. It shouldn’t be like this, Tony thinks briefly, so many years culminating in a quick fling in a hospital bed, because they’re horny and neither of them know what it’s like to be functional in love. Tony wants it too much to care. ‘Steve.’ He gasps as Steve’s fingers pull away, but Steve laughs softly.
The voice sounds distant and it takes him a moment to realize that it’s Tony talking to him. He blinks again, getting his eyes to focus and sees Tony staring back at him, face twisted with pain and concern. He nods jerkily, tries to get words to form, but it feels like his lungs are refusing to expand, his throat closing over.
Tony rests. He breathes the damp lilac air, twirls his fingers through the grass and listens to Steve breathing down the line.
'That's not what I meant.'
, and he feels like a sinking ship, because it really means,
“You’re right. My timing stinks. And I am sorry about that. More sorry than you’ll ever know. But you’re wrong. It’s early. You don’t know that you won’t heal. There’s always Strange. Helen Cho. Other doctors.”
Steve has brought life to him, like Frankenstein. Tony is Steve’s monster. His soul had crumbled to dust somewhere along the line and Steve was going to plant seeds in the left over soil and watch them grow.
Tony thinks of biting his tongue, of spitting in his face. He wishes he could put a repulsor to his head before he drifts back into that coma because he has never feared dying as much as he has feared betraying himself.
“Hey Steve, welcome to the land of the living,” Bucky calls out. Steve blinks up at the ceiling, then turns to his head to the side to see Bucky seated beside him.
Now, he fucks Tony silently and roughly, tugging at his hair and pushing his head and neck around as takes his fancy.
‘Sorry, guess I got a bit carried away.’ Steve runs a tentative finger across Tony’s lip and Tony feels the sting of it. Broken, tender, raw.
He rolls over and watches the fires flickering in the plum coloured sky. Their cities look like shooting stars from down here. It's a little hard to breathe now, his lungs are noticeably tight but not unbearably, like when he pushes just a little too hard at the gym. It's a strangely human feeling that he hasn't felt since getting Extremis.
He peels his sheets from his uniform and his uniform from his skin, walks slowly across the creaking floorboards. Steps into a shower that runs hot and cold, watches the blood and mess still stuck to his skin spiral down the drain and thinks of the people it belonged to. It feels good to be free of it, but the thought hangs somewhere, that it’s not so easy to wash this all away. It runs too deep.
It makes Steve ache for what they have lost. In another life, maybe their love could have been the start of something, not the end of it.
Steve gathers the bowl, turns off the bedside lamp, pulls the blanket high over Tony’s naked shoulders and does not release the restraints.
'I'm thinking...' Steve hesitated. 'I'm thinking this is a mess,' Steve says. 'Now, after everything, you call me up in the middle of the night and tell me you're dying and you're in love with me. You've had months to say something to me, anything, and you say this and now? Why?'
‘Here. Are you really here, Steve?’
Tony doesn’t have a choice.
'Everything. For being so goddamn stupid. For ruining everything. For getting you killed.'
"Guess so."
Tony shuts himself away from all of it. Flashes an easy smile at the paparazzi when he leaves the hospital and answers every question with a distraction. No candour now.
Steve is breathless on the line now. 'What's going on, Tony? Can you be real with me for just two damn seconds?'
"You should've been honest." Rhodes says.
Life is supposed to be different now.
'I can't.'
Steve says and the whisper of an imagined ask raises hairs on Tony’s neck.
The door isn’t locked. As it swings open, the stench of puke and whiskey are stagnant in the air.
Steve jumps back on the bike and part of him wants to drive off and leave Tony here. He waits though, watches Tony stand there like he’s waiting for something, and wonders what Tony wants from him.
He gasps desperately for breath after Steve pulls back.
The soldier doesn’t put up much of a struggle, just lies on the floor and tries to swat Tony away as Tony tries to get him pinned. ‘A little help here, Cap?’ It’s not like Steve to react to a surprise attack with inaction, but Tony can’t blame him.
‘What’s wrong, Tony?’ Steve asks after a moment, his fingers still splayed in Tony’s hair.
When his hands are free at last, Tony reaches for Steve, wants to feel his muscles moving as he breathes. Steve grabs his wrist, holds it just short of touching, stares at him, soft and lazy. ‘Tell me what you’re thinking, Tony.’
2018/2019 Gift Drabbles
'I'm a fucking coward, Steve.' Breathless and broken, he finds room for the words, because he needs Steve to know he's not dead yet. 'I never should have called you. I'm not going to kill myself, I promise.' Maybe Steve doesn't need to know the rest of it. Maybe Tony can slip away into obscurity and no one need know about his last moments, because he could be alive out there, a hermit living the peaceful life in the mountains of an alien planet somewhere. It doesn't work like that though.
“I, that came out wrong. You’re a really amazing person. I… like you. A lot. I know you have Rhodey, but-”
“Golly gee you’re going to make a poor housewife blush.” Tony drawled draping his arms around Rhodey’s neck lazily. Rhodey walked over to the couch and dumped Tony on it.
“I’m usually in gym. I took a study hall.” Steve said softly.
Natasha led everyone to her minivan, and they all crammed in. Steve sat next to him, and he was worried that Steve was going to be mad, but he just held his hand. He clearly wanted to say something; he kept worrying at his bottom lip. Tony appreciated the silence.
“Tony, you can tell me anything. You know that, right?” Steve’s voice was so soft. Tony wanted to cry. All he really wanted was for Steve to hug him, and he knew if he asked that Steve’s arms would be around him without question.
“He lost a bet. But the idiot fell asleep before he could take it off.” Rhodey lied easily. Tony hummed in acknowledgement before snuggling back into Rhodey’s shoulder. Rhodey shot the genius a fond look.
“Hell, yeah I do.” Rhodey responded with a grin, “I probably have some in my wallet actually.”
“Yeah, but my heart’s gonna give out at some point anyway so who cares? I didn’t sleep last night, and I really need to stay awake to get this done, so can you give that back to me?” Tony rubbed his eyes like the lack of constantly consuming the gross liquid was already making him tired.
“I know. It’s just hard, Pep. I don’t mean to be an ass… look I’ll try okay. But I’m not exactly in an outfit conducive to wooing people.” Tony responded sounding a lot more tired than he did a few seconds ago.
Tony fell asleep on the phone with Rhodey at about two in the morning. He woke up angrily at six a.m. with his alarm blaring directly in his ear. He let out a ridiculously loud groan and started his morning. After a bit of an internal freak out after looking at himself in the mirror with his button up and glasses, he was fine. He climbed into his car and hit the road. He blared rock and roll and cursed himself when he remembered that he should’ve worked on the holographic video call last night. To make up for it he decided that he would spend the school day developing the plans and then he would build it that night.
Then it came to Tony’s favorite Wonder Twins. Bucky and Steve. Bucky was cocky for sure and would often compliment Tony just to watch his face turn bright red. His favorite activity seemed to be ruffling Tony’s hair in affection. It kind of reminded him of Rhodey. That kind of brotherly affection. Bucky would smirk at Tony and Steve every once in a while, and Tony absolutely hated it. Bucky was very perceptive. There was no way he missed Tony’s burgeoning obnoxious baby crush on Steve. Sure, he had been attracted to the man from the beginning, but now there were
“I’m Bruce Banner.” He said pleasantly. Not fair Tony thought bitterly. His voice was smooth and calm radiated off him. He didn’t stick his hand out to shake, and Tony was irrationally grateful for the small gesture that Bruce probably didn’t even notice. Tony had a strange feeling that the two were going to get along smashingly.
It took a couple of days for Tony to start acting like himself again.
Sleepover. Football game. Rhodey!
He looked at Natasha again. He wasn’t nearly put together enough to create an excuse to get everyone to his house. He needed her to do something. After getting to know her better, he’d ended up disclosing exactly why he was in this small town. She ended up becoming one of his best friends. Saying that she was going to murder whoever was targeting him was basically her catchphrase.
Tony felt like he was flying. Sunset had never asked him if it was okay to kiss him. She’d always smirked and used her long nails position Tony however she wanted him. She’d been sharp edges. She took and took from him. He’d had given her anything she asked for, but she never did. She’d just smiled with too many teeth, held him with one hand, and stolen with the other. Tiberius had never asked him if it was okay to kiss him either. Tiberius had been under the popular impression that Tony was a slut. He’d groped Tony’s pockets for his wallet and never cared whether Tony wanted him to touch. He’d held Tony down and breathed smoke down his throat without a second thought. Tony would have given him anything, and Tiberius loved that. He’d taken Tony’s gifts one second, and torn apart his self-esteem the next.
Natasha didn’t try to talk to him on the ride to his apartment. She seemed to understand that he was having a hard time keeping it together. He just tapped his fingers against her dashboard nervously. He didn’t have it in him to try and start any sort of conversation. When he was getting out of her car, she seemed to falter. Her face twisted with an emotion that Tony had no chance trying to identify.
“Son of a bitch!” watching Steve swear at Bucky was probably the funniest thing Tony had ever seen.
“It’s bad, Tony. I’m sorry.” He said. His voice was soft. Something was very wrong.
He heard retching noises beside him. He couldn’t really see Bruce because Thor was rubbing his back, but he knew who the culprit was. He didn’t even want to look at Bucky and Steve.
Natasha’s comment did exactly what it was supposed to do. Clint started screeching in protest, and Bucky immediately started defending Natasha and picking on Clint. Thor was laughing and seemed unable to form coherent sentences. Natasha slipped her arm around Bruce’s shoulders. At the touch, Bruce seemed to calm a little from his panicked state. Tony felt terrible for putting Bruce on the spot like that, but Tony definitely wouldn’t have been able to respond to Steve coherently. The only person that wasn’t reassured or distracted by Natasha’s remark was Steve who was staring at Tony with a furrow between his eyebrows.
Tony weighed the pros and cons of helping the two boys. He was already done with all the problems. They would probably look at him which is a big win, at least until they punch him in the face for looking back. Tony closed his eyes and hoped that maybe life would throw a plot twist in his direction for once and have something good actually happen to him. He wrote out the answer and process of how to get it on a new piece of paper. He folded it into a paper airplane (the perfect paper airplane, he had folded about two hundred with Rhodey to determine it). He pulled his arm back and threw it. He let out a brief sigh of relief when it came to rest right on top of the blond one’s paper.
As soon as Bucky pulled away, Steve was hugging him. Steve pressed a kiss to his forehead and promised in whispers that they would figure this out. Steve didn’t care that he was Tony Stark. Steve didn’t care that he was fucked up.
Tony mumbled but didn’t contradict what he was saying. He did miss being able to wander around his skirts. Maybe he should tell his team. Natasha was nice about it. He should ask her. Rhodey seemed to be able to read the look in his eyes because he shot him a stern look.
Natasha scoffed but didn’t respond.
“This is betrayal.” Tony held his hand to his heart and collapsed dramatically. He closed his eyes and laid deadly still. No one could say he wasn’t a drama king. He was surprised when Rhodey scooped him up and fixed him with a serious expression. He hated that expression. The problem wasn’t that Rhodey was disappointed in him because Rhodey was disappointed by approximately seventy five percent of Tony’s decisions, but Rhodey just looked so hurt. This was also the expression that usually preceded a feelings talk. Tony hated those.
Tony took a seat in the front next to the window. He figured if he needed to flee he could just launch himself through the glass. Who was he kidding? No way was he strong enough to even put a crack in that glass. He stared at the glass with a pouty expression on his face before he realized he was in a public area and stopped. The rest of the class filled in and didn’t spare Tony a second glance. Tony was equal parts relieved and offended.
“My phone wouldn’t be making sound unless it was an emergency. Rhodey knows not to call during the school day unless something is wrong.” Tony explained. Tony watched as people rushed onto the quad. Shit. Class was over.
Steve <3: how was ur call with Rhodey? R u ok? The friend group is out by our tree in case u wanna come see us.
“Yeah man… I mean… shit, I’m already fucking it up. Also I am going to unapologetically hit on you because your ass in that dress is ten out of ten.” Clint said with a smirk and a wink in his direction. Tony threw his head back and laughed. Thor nodded his agreement.
“Nothing. But, no one here would care about who you are.”
The rest of the table was all watching them now. They seemed to be realizing that Tony wasn’t being normal. Tony crossed his arms. He really wasn’t in the mood to talk about things. He wanted to go home. He turned to follow Natasha out of the restaurant when Steve grabbed his wrist.
Tony couldn’t believe it. The same Bucky that he’d always been worried about secretly making fun of him had just given him the best speech he’d ever heard. He thought that was Steve’s job. He reached out and clung to Bucky’s worn leather jacket like it was the only thing keeping him from falling apart.
“I don’t think it’s a good idea either. I mean… we do want Tony to keep hanging out with us. If he sees Clint half naked, then he’ll be out the door.” Natasha drawled. Her face was light, but Tony could see in her eyes that she knew the significance of the conversation they were having. Tony wondered if he would ever be able to keep something from Natasha. Probably not. She was a wizard with knowing stuff she wasn’t supposed to.
Despite Bucky’s ribbing, Tony was ecstatic that he had a group of friends to hang out with. He had at least one of them in almost all of his classes. It was amazing. He felt like they really liked him for him. He certainly had been taken advantage of before, but all of his friends were so genuine. He felt happier than he’d been in a long time.
“I’m Anthony Stark.” He closed his eyes at the loud exclamations that got him.
Steve linked their arms together as they walked into the store. It wasn’t hand holding, but Tony would take it. It felt a bit like they were going to a formal dance. Tony thought about what it would be like to dance with Steve. Was Steve a good dancer? Would he spin Tony around until he was dizzy and then dip him so he was helpless in Steve’s arms? Or would he step on Tony’s toes every couple of minutes with a red face and an apologetic expression? Tony wouldn’t care either way. He just wanted to know. He was a scientist. It wasn’t his fault that he wanted to know stuff. Tony hoped that he’d still be there when it came time for prom. It wasn’t likely that Steve and Tony would go together, but Tony would still get to see Steve in a tux which was an ever-present desire.
Tony looked at Steve’s eyes which were so much closer then they’d ever been before. God, he was so gorgeous.
Dummy rolled over and pushing his claw into Tony’s lap. Tony patted his bot, and Dummy beeped happily.
“That’s. Good.” Steve commented awkwardly. “I just. I don’t want to regret anything.” At that declaration, Steve made direct eye contact with Tony. He bumped his hand against Tony’s before intertwining their fingers together.
Tony left the class with a mindset similar to a drunk zombie. It was his free period and he really needed to find a quiet place so he could call his friends. He needed a freaking pep talk. School was boring. It was even more boring than those stupid business meetings Howard was always dragging him to. At least at those there were stupid idiots in suits pretending they were smarter than him. That was always amusing enough to keep him from literally collapsing in boredom. Tony grinned when he spotted the field behind the high school building. There were a couple boys playing with a frisbee, but the trees lining the edge of the field were abandoned. He hightailed it over there, dialing Pepper’s number on the way.
“Did you just say country? Clint, you are dead to me.” Tony deadpanned. They argued for a bit longer before the conversation died down.
“I hate you, Bucky” Tony said as soon as he could breathe again.
Natasha informed him that Clint hated football and was only on the team because it was populated with his friends. Clint’s true sports passion was the archery team which amused Tony to no end. Of course, Clint would be an archer. He wondered if Clint could do any tricks or if he could convince him to shoot an apple off Tony’s head. When Tony found out that Clint was the only member of their award-winning archery team, Tony almost died laughing. That was such a Clint thing to do.
Rhodey woke up to the sound of whispering. The Avengers were standing in front of him with huge eyes. He suddenly realized the position he was in. The blanket except his head, which was pressed into Rhodey’s neck, covered most of Tony’s body and his heels were sitting on the floor.
His breaths were coming out in panicked gasps as his hand tightened around Rhodey’s.
“Oh kotenok … I’m so sorry” Natasha said slinging an arm around his shoulder.
“Yeah, well, I already made you a better arm so ha” Tony snarked like he was winning an argument.
Tony really liked snarking back and forth with Clint, so at first, he didn’t hear the side conversation going on between Steve, Bucky, and Thor. He tuned in when he heard the word pool exclaimed loudly.
Tony thought about it. A high school party involved a lot of people, didn’t it? Tony really didn’t do well with lots of people. Even though interacting with his new friends were helping distract him from his trauma, it was very much still there. He woke up every night from nightmares, he couldn’t stand crowds, and water was a definite no. He had heard them say pool though, and if the options were day at the pool or party, he would prefer a party without question.
He sat there for God knows how long before his phone buzzed with a text message. His fingers were shaking, but he managed to open it.
“Dummy! Hey buddy.” Dummy whirled and Rhodey laughed. “Spill, Tony.”
“Yeah you’re right. How dare you flirt with me? I’m a married man. An abandoned forgotten housewife. But married all the same. Woe is me.” Tony drawled in a high pitched southern accent that finally caused Pepper to break her composure. Uncontrollable giggles erupted from the other side of the phone, and Tony grinned in victory.
“You aren’t worried about the enemies?”
“Do you wanna go on a date with me?” Steve still looked nervous. They’d just had an awesome kiss, and he was still nervous about asking him. Tony felt a rush of affection for the other boy.
“Pretty close to here.” He responded.
“I’m sorry Tones. I just got excited. Guess what?”
As always thanks for reading, and if you have any ideas just put them in the comments!
“Tony. Bruce is going to accept you no matter what just like you did with him. Clint might be an asshole, but he really likes you and I’ll smack him if he says something stupid. Thor isn’t around a lot, but I’m pretty sure Asgard doesn’t really do gender the same way we do anyways. Steve is too besotted with you to care about anything. I think if you showed up in a dress, Steve might spontaneously combust. So… what are you going to wear to the big reveal?”
The boy cocked his head, “Why would I beat you up? You helped me and Buck with math which we suck at by the way.”
“You’re really pretty.” Steve blurted before covering his face with his hand. He groaned.
“What is that even supposed to mean?” Tony asked. That was just a blatant innuendo.
Tony leaned against Bruce and closed his eyes against the brightness of the sun. He fell right in with the group, and it was magical.
“P-p-please don’t beat me up. I was just trying to help. I-I I’m sorry.” Tony stuttered trying to get even a little farther away from the blonde boy.
“Oh yeah. He’s my… cat. Rhodey loves him more than me.” Tony said rocking back on his heels. Tony introduced everyone to Rhodey and vice versa. Rhodey tried to convince them to call him Jim, but it didn’t stick. It never does. Rhodey shot Tony a glare, but Tony just shrugged happily. He couldn’t believe that his best friend was here. His best friend was here! He grinned.
He and Bruce would work quietly but efficiently during science. Everyone once in a while, Bruce would bump their shoulders together. Tony had never felt more cared for. It was so stupid, but having someone respect his intelligence and silently care for him was making him embarrassingly happy. Bruce would always cover for Tony whenever Tony showed any signs of panicking at seemingly normal things. He never asked any questions, just gave Tony a small smile before making a science joke under his breath that never failed to distract him.
“Well beggars can’t be choosers” Bucky tried to shrug but Tony was clutching him too tightly to move.
“So, how’s it going? Seriously. Are you okay? Do I need to come and fight someone? Have you made any friends?” Pepper exploded with the questions she was probably holding in from the beginning.
It only got funnier when everyone in the circle, but Tony shouted “Language” back at him. Tony wondered what the story was for that. He tried not to let the inside joke bother him. It was only natural that a friend group like theirs would have jokes from before he came around. He just needed to not get insecure. Sure, he was great at that.
Tony sighed and stood up. He needed to confront his friends soon. Natasha had been telling him from the beginning that Tony should tell them. The addition of an active threat, and the fact that he could be leaving at any time meant that he needed to do it sooner rather than later. It wasn’t fair to lead Steve on without telling him. He needed to do it today, and besides… as much as he hated to admit it, he really needed to be comforted. His uncle tried to murder him. That wasn’t something that he wanted to deal with on his own.
“You’re my good luck charm, Tony.” Steve said with such an endearing smile that Tony couldn’t help but feel warm inside. He shot Steve a shy smile. He wished that he could grab Steve’s hand and hold it. Steve was probably a great hand holder.
“You’re going to give me a ride on that?” Tony asked incredulously. Tony’s car had broken down that morning, and he didn’t have enough time to fix it. He lived close to school, so he could walk, but his friends were going to a diner after a school. Steve had offered him a ride, and Tony accepted immediately. Somehow, he didn’t connect the dots that Steve had a motorcycle, and he had agreed to go on a ride with him. Well, he was connecting the dots now.
Natasha was dressed in a stunning black dress, and her red hair was pulled up with only a few curls escaping. Tony was pretty sure that her red high heels had knives in them. Even if they didn’t, they were pointy enough to be considered weapons by themselves.
“Awe Tony. You slept with Steve and didn’t even take advantage of his amazing cuddling skills?” Bucky’s voice sounded innocent, but they all knew better than that. Bucky was a little shit through and through.
Natasha glanced at her phone and laughed.
Tony ignored him in favor of turning towards Steve. Steve noticed that he was watching him almost instantly.
“What is it about me that makes everyone fucking hate me? I don’t understand what I did. I have a group of friends for the first time in my life, and I don’t even get to enjoy it because I might die. What’s wrong with me?” Tony’s voice faded out. A couple tears slipped from his big brown eyes.
Tony would have protested, but Natasha’s hands were running through his hair. She was a master at this. Tony muttered a little but settled in. Every time she played with one of his curls he felt his heart squeeze. She knew the truth about him, and she still cared enough to make sure that he was comfortable in this new environment. She hadn’t mentioned his scars even though he knew that she must have wanted to. She was going to keep his secret. She was somebody safe just like Pepper. His whole frame relaxed, and he melted onto the couch.
“Wait!” Tony called before scrambling out of the vehicle. He gave all of his friends quick hugs before lingering on the last one with Steve. “Thank you so much for this. I had a lot of fun.”
The two of them end up picking an elegant red dress for Tony to wear along with sparkly gold heels. By the end of it, Tony is thrilled about coming out to his team. His birthday is at the end of the week. He doesn’t have to wait long now.
“How long have you been holding that in?” Bucky asked with a laugh.
“Rhodey mentioned my heart problems. I got that while I was being kidnapped. A bomb exploded near me, and my heart nearly got shredded by shrapnel. I was given heart surgery while awake with no anesthesia. It’s one of the worst things that’s ever happened to me. I don’t. I don’t think there’s any true way to describe the pain. After that, they wanted me to build them weapons. I told them to fuck off, and they didn’t like that very much. They waterboarded me. Over and over and over. I was there for three months before I was able to escape with some homemade explosives. Rhodey found me in the desert. I would have died if not for him.” Tony was shaking.
Tony slipped on a pair of sweatpants and a band shirt before setting of to find Natasha. Natasha was lounging in the dining room, when Tony found her. She sent him a smile.
“I could never. I wouldn’t steal Rhodey’s wife away from him.” Pepper stated again in a voice that anyone but Rhodey, Tony, and Happy (Pepper’s boyfriend) would assume was serious.
“Stevie. This doesn’t make any sense. I’m going to flunk this course, I swear.” Tony glanced over. His eyes widened when he saw who was whispering. Holy Crap. He was done for. Death was coming. He was quite possibly one of the most gorgeous people he had ever laid eyes on. He had kind of long brown hair and Tony got a wonderful view of his muscled arm through his tight shirt. Tony ran his hand over his mouth just to make sure he wasn’t drooling unconsciously.
“Breathe with me, Tony. In and Out. You’re doing so well.” Tony was snapped out of his daze by the other boy’s smooth voice. He was mortified at the fact that his almost new friend had seen him have a panic attack.
Tony froze his eyes widening in horror. Rhodey knew that look. If he didn’t resolve this quickly Tony was going to start crying.
“Right. So, what does this mean? For me.” If they found the culprit, that mean Tony got to go home, right? But, did he really want to leave? He didn’t know. He thought he was going to have more time.
Tony stumbles his way into the math classroom after getting lost and having to ask for directions three times. Unsurprisingly the only table left was in the back and unoccupied. Tony sat his bag down and yawned. He needed a cup of coffee. He was calculating the number of coffee thermoses he could stuff in his backpack when he was interrupted by voices whispering beside him.
“Tony, why are you hiding?” Bruce asked, his voice laced with concern.
Bucky pulled Tony in closer. They felt arms around them and laughed when they saw it was Steve practically bawling into their shoulders.
“A snot?” Steve asked with an eyebrow raised.
“Hi! Are you the new kid? I’m Thor! I was new last year!” His voice was extremely loud, and Tony flinched. Nevertheless, he was glad that the new kid was friendly. He nodded with a small smile. He paled when he saw Clint and Natasha sit down right next to Thor. There was only one way this could get worse… and it happened. The two hot boys in math from the other day sat next to him. Thankfully, the blonde one was next to him and the brown haired one was beside the blonde one. Tony squeaked and shot backwards which put him low-key in Bruce’s lap.
He took a deep breath and picked up the phone.
Their second kiss was just as awesome as the first one. Except this time, they weren’t holding hands, so Tony was free to grip Steve’s shoulders for stability. Steve’s hands had found their way to Tony’s cheeks, and he was cradling his face like he was something precious. Tony couldn’t get over how gently Steve touched him. When they broke apart this time, Tony threw his arms around Steve and hugged him.
He thought back to the conversation that led to this complete embarrassing disgrace.
“Tony, what are you drinking?” He asked cautiously. He really hoped Tony wasn’t drinking alcohol during the school day. That would be a serious backslide.
Bruce laughed before turning and dragging Clint out of the room despite his many vocal protests. Steve looked like he swallowed a lemon and sulked away. Rhodey wondered what that was about, but was distracted when Natasha cleared her throat.
“Yeah, what are you going to do about it?”
“What the heck? You got drunk without me?” Clint demanded in mock anger.
They spent about another thirty minutes hanging out before driving over to Thor’s house. They knocked on the door and weren’t surprised when it was opened by a frantic Clint Barton. He was wearing a royal purple suit with a light purple button up and no tie. Tony rolled his eyes.
“Who was it?” Rhodey didn’t say anything, “Who was it? Tell me.”
Tony shifted his gaze to the brown haired one who rolled his eyes, “I’m not gonna hurt you, shorty.” Tony scrunched up his nose in response but didn’t say anything. Tony sat there quiet until Bruce addressed him.
The whole table was paying attention to the conversation now, and Bruce was looking kind of freaked out. Tony made eye contact with him and was instantly confused. Bruce was trying to mime something to Tony without it seeming too obvious to the rest of the table. Tony really didn’t know what he was trying to say.
“So, what was the breaking point? Why tell us now? What happened?” Clint asked.
He watched his friends joking around for a bit before excusing himself to the bathroom. He was getting hot in all his layers, and he was slightly uncomfortable because he didn’t really know what they were referencing. Steve clearly liked it very warm in his house.
“Purple is a fantastic color.” Clint sniffed before pulling the door open.
“You wanna call uncle Rhodey?” Tony asked with a smile. Dummy whirled in excited agreement and rolled forward until his wheels touched Tony’s knees. “Alright kiddo.” He responded with a laugh. He dialed Rhodey’s number.
“Tony Scott.” Tony offered up. He couldn’t help but notice the roughness of his own voice and winced inwardly. He was bringing the guy down just by sitting next to him.
“Y-yeah. They figured out who it was. That ordered the hit.” Tony tried to go on but couldn’t. His voice caught in his throat. Natasha grabbed his hand, and Bruce bumped their shoulders together affectionately. Even though Bruce and he had never talked about it, he knew that Bruce knew his identity long before the others. After the water incident, Bruce was bound to be suspicious, and Bruce was a genius. A science genius. Even though normal people weren’t usually able to identify the Stark kid, someone who read scientific journals would. Tony knew from the way that Bruce barely contained laughs when Bucky ranted about his awesome HammerTech arm that Bruce was well aware of who his chemistry lab partner was. It was nice to have a silent partner.
“That is so not true!” Bruce exclaimed. The bantered back and forth for a while before the rest of the group got in on a debate about the best kind of music.
Steve wasn’t like that. He wasn’t sharp edges or wandering hands. He wasn’t assumptions, and secret nights, and alcohol he never wanted to drink, and getting pushed into hundreds of surfaces that were never beds. Steve was the sun beating down at them. Steve was finding random things in the clouds, and smirking in front of his motorcycle, and laughing at Tony’s dumb jokes. Steve was warm blue eyes, and concerned expressions, and care. Steve was asking Tony if it was okay to do something as simple as kiss him. Steve was ASKING Tony if it was okay to KISS him!
And… now he knew what Bruce was trying to mime. Tony’s entire body grew stiff. He instantly pictured a pool in his mind. That was a lot of standing water. It would be so easy for someone to just… push him under. He sucked in a breath. He wasn’t even looking at water. This was ridiculous, but none the less he felt his airway start to tighten up. Pool parties required bathing suits and that meant all of Tony’s gross scars on display. He’d been able to avoid it up until now by wearing long sleeves and avoiding mirrors, but he’d at least have to wear short sleeves by a pool. He thought about the jagged scars that ran from his arms up to the completely destroyed skin on the center of his chest. They were recent too which meant they were an angry pink. No no no. He could not let this happen. All it would take was one wrong joke from Clint, and he’d be pushed into the pool. He could swim, but he wasn’t confident that he’d be able to in the middle of a panic attack. Even worse, if he did freak out at Thor’s house, then he’d have to have a conversation about why he couldn’t even think about large bodies of water without breaking into a cold sweat.
“We found a ransom video in his server. It was of you. The terrorists were saying that they were going to keep you to make weapons instead of killing you. I’m so sorry, Tony.” Rhodey’s voice broke while he was talking. Tony felt terrible. Rhodey never got emotional like this.
“Hammer products are top of the line.” Pepper deadpanned. Tony let a giggle escape. That was such a blatant lie that Tony couldn’t help but react with uncontrollable amusement. The day Hammer products surpassed Stark Industries was the day the general public could assume the real Tony had been exchanged with a mindless clone because any other explanation wouldn’t make sense.
“I don’t have a problem.”
The gentle sounds of friendly chatter on the side street were a harsh contrast to the blaring of horns and shouting that came from the main roads. Thankfully, the surrounding buildings blocked the majority of those noises. A muffled cheer came from inside a sports bar, and pleasant string music wafted out of the Bistro across the courtyard. A quick laugh burst from a group dining in the patio a few tables away.
Time slowed down.
Steve shook his head slightly, paralyzed from his nerves.
Tony had pulled off his goggles to reveal the rather nasty looking bruise he was sporting on his left eye. He’d like to say he’d forgotten about it, but he just didn’t have the motivation to try to cover it up with concealer while he was holed up in his lab.
Thankfully, his loyal driver manages to crash the Rolls-Royce into Vanko hard enough to knock him out and there's no need to suit up.
The defeat and hope in his voice clashed like tidal waves.
So maybe that was the only healthy choice he’d made that week, but at least it was something. He caught a few hours of sleep here and there, avoided team dinners at all costs, if they were even still having them, and living off the stash of granola bars and assorted dried fruits he had hidden around the lab. The only reason he left was for an important shareholder meeting. And he’d unfortunately have to venture out again soon for the upcoming socialite networking event.
The others had been trying unsuccessfully to act like they weren’t listening, but all their faces were sporting frowns. Tony’s expression turned cold again. “You can’t possibly mean that.”
WHAT’S GOING ON? SHOULD WE BE WORRIED?
Tony wiped his face, leaving a grease streak on his cheek. He waved his soldering iron wielding hand in dismissal, “It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it.” You could practically hear the ‘
Steve, it fucking
Clint and Thor stopped munching on their popcorn, Bruce looked up from his book for the first time, and Natasha raised an eyebrow at him.
They were all waiting in their usual spots. Clint was perched on the right arm rest of the couch, catching popcorn midair that Thor was tossing for him. He’d migrate into the actual seat eventually, but he always started like that. Thor was laid out on the rug, already on his second bowl of popcorn. Natasha was curled up in a cushy armchair, a soft open-weave blanket draped over her lap. Bruce sat in the last existing bean bag chair of the century. Tony had no idea where it had even come from, but Bruce liked it. Steve was sitting stiff as a rod on the opposite end of the couch as Clint.
Tony thought. He should’ve expected Rhodey wouldn’t buy that. He tried to play it off casually, throwing in a laugh for good measure. “You caught me. It was a bar fight. You think this is bad, you should see the other guy!” That was a bold-faced lie and they both knew it, but Tony figured he could just keep redirecting until Rhodey gave up. “While I have you, you need to stop by soon so I can upgrade your thermal sensors. I’d do it remotely, but where’s the fun in that?”
Dust and ash clouded the landscape. It was like living in a black and white movie. Everything was muted and dull, shades of gray blending into one another, hardly a single defined shape to be found.
They’d managed to convince those SHIELD people as well, so hats off to Pepper for coming up with a convincing story.
They were standing out of sight of the other patrons while deciding what to do next. The team turned towards Steve, and Tony placed a casual hand on his arm. “Everything alright over there? Do I need to send the wonder spies to interrogate the waste bins?” Tony was trying for humor, hoping it would help Steve relax.
Tony, who’d kept his composure remarkably well up until this point, decided he’d had enough. “You know what
Tony tried to swat him away and gave a little chuckle. “Oh yeah. I forgot why I’d gone up there in the first place. So I was leaving the gala- would you relax, its just a scratch- I’m leaving the gala, and these two guys come up to me telling me to give them my wallet.” He swatted Clint’s hands away, earning an incredulous look. “Anyways! I’m like “who the fuck mugs Tony Stark?” because c’mon, you could come up to me on the street and ask me
“Don’t tell me what I mean!” Steve stabbed a finger vaguely in the direction of the tower. “That tower is
His façade built back up quickly, and his shoulder’s stiffened with a hint of nervousness. He slowly started to return to his ‘tidying’. “What can I do for you, Cap?”
Where to start? The man was a genius, and that was putting it lightly. Tony was so far ahead of all his competition. And every single thing he made left Steve breathless. Maybe he couldn’t understand what it all did, but it was all just so fascinating and mesmerizing. The man made things that Steve wouldn’t have even thought remotely possible, and he did it with such ease. Well, mostly with ease. Accidents did have a tendency to happen in the workshop.
Natasha stretched and started flipping through the news channels. No point in just sitting in silence. “Ideally we won’t have to wait all night. Has he texted you at all, Steve?”
After letting them bicker for a few minutes, Tony decided to end it. “Oh for fucks sake, we’ll go out. We haven’t gone out in a while, right? Right. We’re going out. I know somewhere where we can all get what we want.” He landed the quinjet a moment later. “Put on your civvies, kiddos. Meet in the garage in a half hour.”
“First of all, I
.” He snarled at Steve, the word tower dripping like venom.
Tony was elbow deep in the Mark IX (Mark VIII had been destroyed in a Hydra stakeout a couple months ago) when his phone started to ring. He sighed and started to wriggle out. “Who is it, J?” he asked.
“There is no damage to the spinal cord, and no risk of paralysis. You may… you could remove the suit, if you’d like.”
Sweat trickled down his back and
my family!” He got right up into Tony’s face, “and I wish we’d all just stop pretending like we’re happy!”
shifted in his chair.
The hurt hadn’t left them, either.
Clint was shouting through the comm, desperation dripping in his voice. “Steve! Steve,
Suddenly, everything came back into focus.
PICK ME UP?
Tony was laughing whole heartedly, leaning back away from the edge. “It’s not as fun if it’s your own building! I like trespassing.”
And wasn’t Clint always a pushover for the puppy dog eyes. “Fine! Slap a Band-Aid on that and we’ll stop somewhere on the way back for new shirts. You’re buying, though!”
He didn’t mean to sound like a total sap, but it had been nice having these people around. It was nice feeling like he belonged for once. Every time Thor picked him up in a big bear hug, Clint popped out of a vent to scare the shit out of him, Bruce invited him down into his lab, or Natasha made him a warm cup of tea, well he just swelled with happiness.
Fury didn’t try to hide the smirk on his face.
Until it wasn’t.
GIVING SOMEONE A RIDE. DON’T WAIT UP.
Bruce made to interrupt but was cut short.
Clint’s brain took a moment to piece it together, but in an instant his hands were all over the other man.
“Tony?”
Tony crossed his arms over his chest and let out a long breath through his nose. He gave Steve a very pointed look, the disappointment clear in his eyes.
The team settled back into their seats to wait when Clint stood suddenly. He shoved his phone in his pocket, heading towards the door in a way that screamed he wanted to be running, but had to look calm and casual.
did you manage to get a black eye?” He was studying his screen displaying Tony’s face, looking for any clues on how it had happened.
Clint was already in the car and Natasha was starting to get in. She turned and saw Steve hadn’t moved a muscle since Tony left. She was half tempted to leave him there to find his own way back, but that wasn’t the mature way to handle the situation. She snapped her fingers at him and pointed at the car, “Get in.”
“Tony, you gave me a home. You gave me a family and I’m an idiot for ever taking that for granted. You’re kind and smart and you’ve given me everything. You took us all in when we had nowhere to go and made sure we never wanted for anything. And I’ll spend the rest of my life trying to make up for what I’ve done. I can’t bare to think about you not being in my life anymore.
Thick, rancid smoke filled his lungs. The stench of death heavy in the air. It was impossible to breathe.
Really, Tones? Really?” Rhodey covered his face with his hands, letting out a groan. “Can you even imagine what would’ve happened if you’d said that?”
The team, including Steve, were gathered in the living room waiting for Tony to return from the soiree. It was movie night and they never started without everyone present.
Tony waved him off and they settled back into silence. The night air passed between them.
The engineer was manically moving things around his lab, flicking holograms here and there and throwing scraps of half-completed projects in different piles. His mouth was running a mile a minute, likely giving orders to Jarvis. The gala was slated to start in about an hour and a half, but Tony was still in a raggedy pair of jeans and what could barely be considered a top.
And Clint understood. Sometimes they had to remember that they fought for the people who couldn’t always fight for themselves. And even though their own lives and problems were important, they were part of something bigger. Something that required strength and courage that wasn’t always easy to muster up. They all felt that need for a reminder from time to time.
“Like the Energizer Bunny went rogue and I saw the better end of those drum sticks.”
Tony couldn’t help the grin the spread across his face. He reached out and grabbed onto the collar of Steve’s shirt, pulling him close. “God that’s so fucking corny.
He turned to his computer and decided to work on some programming instead. If he just focused on his work right now, he wouldn’t have to wonder what he was going to do about the team, how he’d handle seeing them and not thinking of them as family.
Everything was going well.
Maybe it was time to start making amends.
asked to be picked up. Tony never asked for anything. So Clint had at least some reason to be worried. Another message buzzed on his phone.
As soon as he was able to stay awake for more than a few seconds after the fight, Tony, Rhodey, and Pepper worked out a story on what had happened. Rhodey and Pepper had insisted Tony not disclose he was the one in the suit, probably thinking if he didn’t admit to being Iron Man he wouldn’t pursue the superhero lifestyle. Tony had been more hesitant, wanting more to admit that he was Iron Man. But if the two most important people in his life thought he should keep it quiet for now, then so be it.
He gets picked on by eye-patch boy and stabbed in the neck by his assistant-
the one who forced us to be a family! And you can’t just fucking take that away!”
“Hush, I’m telling a story.” He swatted Clint away again. “So yeah they weren’t so happy about that. It was pretty easy taking out the two of ‘em, but I guess one got a little swipey swipe in with his switchblade. By the way, you might wanna tell Coulson to check the alley behind that hotel.”
“Listen, that’s a nice speech you put together. And I’m sure you probably mean most of what you said.” Tony took a step towards the door, a step towards Steve. “Have you apologized to the rest of the team yet?”
There wasn’t any real reason to be alarmed, sometimes these things went longer than strictly established. The team was just antsy to spend some time together.
“You’re a goddamn idiot!”
“It is nice to hear you admit it though, no lie,” Natasha added.
“I know
He bolted up the steps, leaving Steve breathless in his wake.
he thought absently,
Without another word, Clint plopped on the couch and snagged the remote. “We’re watching Die Hard, no objections.”
Tony couldn’t possibly have been the only one of them to believe they were a family, right? Acquaintances and coworkers didn’t spend every other Thursday night bickering over what movie to watch. They didn’t live in the same building and spend all their time on one floor, even though each has their own. They didn’t share almost every meal or spend absurd amounts of time doing silly things with one another. Those were things families did.
A second passed and Tony’s eyes went cold. He started pushing himself up and Clint came over, hands grabbing at his arm to pull him off the ground. Tony shrugged him off. “I’m fine. I’m
You look like Rocky used you for a sandbag. There’s no way that happened on a mission. The face plate would’ve shattered.”
“I guess I just wanted to remind myself why we’re all doing this. What this is all even for.” As he spoke, he swept one hand out, gesturing to the entire city.
Bruce flipped a page of his book. “It’s not a
“You don’t even care about your job! You just like to play around in that damn workshop and ignore your responsibilities!”
Except…
Steve had also been trying to avoid the team as much as possible. After getting the cold shoulder from Clint, a harsh glare from Natasha, a disappointed glance from Thor, and a frustrated sigh from Bruce, he took a moment to really actually consider the recent fight.
Tony could see there was nothing but love in them.
The tension bled out of Tony all at once, and Clint could feel him sag in relief. “Okay.” Quickly enough that it made Clint’s heart jump in his throat, Tony stood. “Let’s get outta here. Thor better not have eaten all the popcorn already. And I don’t care that its your turn to pick, I’m not watching Die Hard again.” He reached a hand down.
Clint grumbled something under his breath and shot a text to Phil. “And how did being mugged lead to you at the top of Manhattan Bridge?”
“Dude, what’d you spill on yourself-
“That’s okay.” Steve watched for a few seconds to see if Tony would stop working, but it didn’t look like he’d be given that allowance. At this point, he’d take what he could get. “Tony, I just wanted to say that I’m sorry for what I said.”
Tony hesitantly wrapped his arms around Clint, leaning into the embrace. There was no point in lying, he was too choked up to answer. He just nodded into Clint’s shoulder.
He painstakingly took the pieces off, careful around any damaged parts. When he finished, it was just him and Tony surrounded by bloody scraps of metal.
Rhodey had no such intentions. “Tones, Tony,
Rhodey barely tore his eyes off Steve to look at Tony. “Move, Tony. He’s not getting away with this.” Tony made a move to interrupt but Rhodey spoke over him. “No! That piece of shit is not getting away with beating you!”
Steve swallowed the lump in his throat and offered his own smile in return. “Hi,” he responded, hardly above a whisper.
Shaking himself out of his stupor, Steve lightly rapped on the glass door. Tony didn’t even look up from a stack of papers he was holding, waving haphazardly to indicate the door was unlocked. “-and make sure they have the plans sent over by 7 p.m.
[ REPLY ]
Bruce seemed to wake up a little and grabbed Steve’s arm. “You have a bite mark. We all do, actually. The med team is going to need to make sure we didn’t get anything from those animals, first.” He paused to smile up at Steve. “You’ll be the first to see him once he’s able, don’t worry.”
“Why aren’t you with them? You always help with cleanup.”
Tony gave him a curious look, and the two fell into silence.
Over at the garbage bins, Steve was slamming his dirty tray onto the stack. Not enough force to cause any damage, but enough to show he was clearly frustrated. Tony studied the harsh lines of his face as he stalked back over, his hands shoved deep in his pockets. He just looked angry and irritated, like the garbage receptacles had personally insulted his mother. Something had clearly set him off.
“I can’t stay mad at you.”
“For now we’re all just lucky you have some sort of filter between your brain and your mouth. Don’t know where it was while we were in college but at least you’ve got it now.”
He had work to do.
God he really missed Tony.
Clint put his arm around Tony’s shoulders and looked him right in the eyes. “No.”
Steve chuckled, “I guess that’s one way to put it.”
First of all, people were so wasteful now. Back during the war, you ate anything you could get your hands on, whether it was palatable or not. And technology had made bounds in the last 70 years. With all the world’s knowledge packed into the smallest computers he’d ever seen; Steve couldn’t believe there were still so many ignorant people out there. And every time he thought he’d gotten the hang of a piece of technology, something new came to take its place and he had to start all over.
Tony just grunted and flicked his hand towards a projector. A moment later, Rhodey’s face appeared in the air. “You were supposed to call me a week ago about-
“Aye, we shall wait all night for our friend, if that’s what it’ll take,” Thor said.
Natasha gently tiled Steve’s head down so they made eye contact. “Hey, it’s going to be okay.” He nodded and tried to watch as they loaded Tony into the med vehicle. He wondered why Coulson got to go with him.
He and Bruce had figured out where the energy transmission was coming from, but they’d also realized it was being guarded by about a hundred or so of the hybrids. Tony really didn’t believe any of them would get through in one piece.
Steve nodded, essentially numb at this point. He wanted to believe their comforting words, but Jarvis’ assessment still lingered on his mind. He slumped at the memory, not bothering with false appearances.
It didn’t work.
“Did Steve mean what he said?”
All he could think to say was “Why?”
And maybe the genius played a role in this, but goodness was he attractive. Steve couldn’t keep his hands off Tony whether he was in a ratty pair of jeans or a million-dollar suit. And he had to have been the most well-toned and eccentric billionaire on the planet. He could make Steve laugh until tears rolled down his face and his side was in stiches. What was better than a handsome, smart as a whip, funny guy?
No more stalling.
Jarvis, ever helpful and knowing full well Rhodey would just be suspicious if Tony didn’t pick up, responded back, “That would be ill advised, sir.”
The team was able to get their own individual meals and meet at a table hidden behind some trees. None of the other patrons seemed to notice them. Either that or they just didn’t care.
It’s fast and loud and over almost as soon as it started and yet it seemed to drag on forever. Drone after drone come at him without holding back and he has to perform some less-than-safe maneuvers. He and Rhodey make a pretty good team and puts an end to Ivan for good. There’s a minor scare with some self-destructing HammerDrones and Pepper needing a quick flight out of the expo. Tony handles it like a champ. He doesn’t feel like throwing up or passing out. Nope, not at all. The panic subsides quickly.
Steve turned to Tony and gave him a scrutinizing look. “
Tony kept his eyes shut, listening to the droning beep coming from the monitor next to his bed. He knew this wasn’t hell, but he almost wished it was. The morphine drip wasn’t quite strong enough to completely take away his pain, but it was dulled enough that he could stand to be awake.
Tony almost,
When they returned to the tower, two new shirts later, everyone was still waiting in the living room. Thor and Bruce seemed surprised to find Clint come back with Tony in tow, but Natasha had already been pretty suspicious of what was going on.
Then Monaco happens, and it was times like that that made Tony wish he’d just come clean after the ordeal with Stane.
Happy is
Clint finally slid into the real seat and reached down for the popcorn bowl. “Well call him or something! It’s my turn to pick and I want a double feature!”
you own one of the tallest buildings in the city! And you decided to get all angsty and climb the Manhattan Bridge! That’s one of the most bullshit rich people things I’ve ever heard of!”
He had to be okay.
, it’s a fundraising event for MIT.” He glanced at his watch. “But, you’re right. It should be over by now.”
The team shared a couple of glances. The thing was, lately, Steve hadn’t really been acting himself. They were closing in on the anniversary after he went into the ice and as the date drew closer, he drew more into himself. It would be understandable if this hadn’t been going on for a month and a half now.
Nick Fury gave a single bob of his head. “Correct. We’d like Iron Man to join us with full disclosure of his identity. He'll be relieved from his duties at Stark Industries." He raised his chin and gave Tony a pointed look. "We have something big planned and we’ll need all the help we can get.”
“Steve, we need you to step back, okay? Can you do that? The medical team needs you to take a couple steps back.” She knelt down in front of him and put a comforting hand on his shoulder. Her tone was soothing, like she was speaking to a child. When he didn’t budge, she gave him a small smile. “Can you do that? For me?”
And Steve just went and washed that all down the drain.
“Of course! But I guess it might’ve sounded a little rehearsed…”
“What makes you think that we weren’t?” Clint asked.
The air had a comforting warmth that only came from the beginnings of summer, as the last dregs of cold from spring waned off. It was like a blanket of clouds, soothing and tranquil and just the perfect temperature. Though the familiar smells of over-populated city were still present, the lightness of the air held it at bay from being overwhelming. The savory smells from the surrounding restaurants helped to ward it off.
He was able to try foods he could have never imagined existing. He’d eaten curry, sushi, pad thai, and every single type of pizza you could get in New York. He visited fantastic places he’d only read about in books when he was a boy. He’d seen the Eiffel Tower, visited Japan, taken a trip to Rome, and had many more trips planned for the future. Anything he could ever want was right at his fingertips.
Tony secluded himself in his workshop, focusing on SI projects and new equipment for the team. He needed to be distracted from the shitshow that was his life, and it was either his work or the liquor cabinet on the common floor. But not even Steve being a rightful ass was going to make him fall off the wagon.
His father used to drink. But Howard Stark was a man who could maintain a career, a family, and a reputation while his blood was half whisky.
‘Fuck.’
‘What are you going to do now?’ Tony asks him, like he wants to know, like he’s still capable of caring, like these bodies means anything.
Tony hops off, removes his helmet and stretches, catlike and with a faux casualness that make Steve’s skin crawl with the vision of Tony stretched out naked before the monster that inhabited Steve’s body.
He looks around, observes the other scumbags absorbed in their own narcissistic fantasies. He imagines each one of them on their knees like they make these girls get on their knees for them.
“I just want to save you.”
Promise. He likes the sound of that. Promise, he mouths the word, doesn’t mean to speak, just enjoys the way it feels on his tongue, but Steve squeezes his fingers. ‘I promise,’ he repeats.
Steve leans in for a kiss. It’s too tender.
The air is cold, the whiskey warm. He left his shoes in the stripper’s room. Sitting on the sidewalk, people pass him by and he has never felt so invisible.
Waking to the sound of Steve’s voice is calming. It takes him a moment to notice the restraints. His heart judders, but he’s with Steve. He is safe. He belongs. He is an Avengers and Steve is by his side. His life is defined by moments like this. Capturing them in his brainwaves, storing them to playback in his memory like he still has Extremis. Steve and Steve and it is always Steve. He thinks sometimes that this is what it’s like to truly love someone – a dopy smile and a lightness in his chest every time Steve looks at him.
. Because I love you too and I can't love a dead man.'
But by the time he’s done in the shower Steve will have turned the TV back on and maybe the early mornings news will come on and maybe Steve won’t want to talk any more than Tony does.
just a little more nudging,
There’s a motel across from the diner and Tony heads there now, walking away like he’s on autopilot.
'I guess I've fucked up.' It's the understatement of all understatements and maybe Steve won't get it, but Tony has no better words to express his regret. He's here now dying on an alien world and as much as that's a fuck up too, he doesn't care. He fucked up everything important long before today.
Tony would say, maybe. Steve would’ve sneered at that once.
, Steve calls him, but Tony knows it’ll change.
Blood is dripping into Steve's coffee. His head was busted open by a hero last night.
He’d gripped Tony’s wrist, encased in the Gauntlet, and he’s not even sure if he’d said anything, but for a brief second he’d met Tony’s gaze, and he thinks they’d both known that if they were going to go out, they’d do it together. After all the mistakes he’d made, all the times he hadn't been there for Tony, it was the least he could do.
‘I didn’t want to have to show you this,’ Steve says with a softness Tony has heard countless times when Steve speaks to scared children and wounded civilians. It’s never been directed at him before. ‘I think you should sit down.’
. It’s what Tony wanted once. He wonders what Steve sees in him. Sex, just sex. He shouldn’t care. Wants to make himself not care, starts his mornings with whiskey again to numb himself to it. Steve rolls out of bed at sunrise without a word, pulls on socks and pants and shirt and says
‘You understand how important you are to me, don’t you, Tony?’ Tony tries to speak, to say fuck you or spit in this mirror man’s face, but the gag limits him to choked hissing. ‘I can give you a better life.’ Steve rests his hand on Tony’s arm just above the restraint. ‘That’s all I’m trying to do. I hope one day soon you’ll understand. I’d like to kiss you now.’
An eternity passes while Steve waits for Tony’s reply.
He read newspaper articles on Tony not so long ago, when they first started this team. Playboy extraordinaire gone off the rails. Suicide attempts. Just another dumb rich boy. They talked about his life like he was a fiction.
Steve grabs Tony’s arms and yanks him to his feet. ‘You moron. You absolute fucking moron.’ It takes Tony a moment to find his balance and realise Steve is talking to the Hydra goon. ‘I told you and I told you again.’
They stay, but say little to each other until the owner conspicuously clears the table of their unfinished food and comments on the lateness of the hour.
There have always been so many things holding them back, but Tony no longer cares about any of that, because this is Steve, because this feels so natural, it feels like this is what his life was always meant to be.
It's a wonder they were ever friends, teammates, whatever they were. If Tony wasn't selfish and hollow and needy, he would let Steve have his righteous anger, let Steve live and thrive and remember Tony as a man who failed him, a man who lied and destroyed their friendship and never showed remorse. Never gave them the chance to be anything more.
It’s not the familiar smell of Steve’s recipe, it’s something mass produced, tasteless probably. Unappetising at the best of times. ‘Peppers,’ Tony says. ‘I hate peppers.’
He thinks again of Tony. Wonders if he’s fucking someone too – if he stepped out of that shining suit, as untouched as if he’d never been there. Smiled that easy smile and shrugged it all off as easy as he seems to. Steve envies him. His carefree attitude, the way life runs off him like water. Steve wants to be around him, like if he stands close enough for long enough he can absorb some of that vibrancy.
Tony remembers how to breath. The air expands his chest. In and out. It’s a tiring process. Ringing ears. Artificial darkness. Nothing but the company of his own heavy breathing. He feels heavy and slow. Opens his mouth, maybe to say Steve’s name, but it’s swallowed by the air. Too much effort. Just keep breathing. He wonders what Steve would do if he stopped.
He imagines Steve crying at his grave like Tony cried at his. It’s a pretty thought, a kind one. He likes to imagine that he still means something.
As he drifts to sleep the last thing he hears is, ‘I’m sorry it had to be this way, Tony, next time will be better. I promise.’
Tony laughs beneath the gag, but after a long moment of silence, he realises Steve is serious.
Steve smokes his to a stub then watches Tony. 'Did you mean that?' Steve asks.
‘There’s a lot of context you need to understand. You see, this was a long time coming, but we were all too blinded by the idea that we were the good guys, the heroes.’
When Tony gets up to leave, he kisses Steve on the cheek. ‘I'm fine, old boy,’ he says and sounds anything but. ‘I’m fine.’
His hand, where it still clings to the Infinity Gauntlet, gloves torn and knuckles bloody, looks burnt from the energy that had coursed through him moments before.
"Ms. Potts. How..." Steve's jaw clenches and his hands ball into fists at his side. The motion doesn't go unnoticed by Pepper who quickly places a hand on his shoulder.
From there catching fishes becomes shooting them in a barrel. Sit a little closer, step out of the shower when Steve walks down the hall. They’ll be fucking by Friday. Nudge, nudge, nudge. That 20s sensibility holds a little too steady. They don’t start fucking till Sunday.
He gags again now. And Steve stops suddenly. Hesitates, draws back.
"Come on," Rhodes' voice is softer now, "let's get coffee, give Cap a little time with him before we break the news."
