After several minutes Sherlock’s eyes focused on me again. He gave me an assessing look. “Mary stayed in touch after going to Moran’s flat.”
Then Church was reeling – and roaring at something above him. Shane! Shane had broken a keyboard over the nurse’s head.
I'd wanted to touch his chest for so long... now that I was confronted with it, I felt frozen. I was struck with the thought that if I put my hands on John's naked flesh, I would wake from this dream.
New bondmates needed to spend at least a week together after their first heat – and sometimes as long as a month – not just to reinforce the bond, but because it was physically uncomfortable to be apart. John couldn’t imagine Sherlock’s family separating them, he couldn’t imagine
“Which way to the bar?” The businessman asked, adjusting himself. John knew that this man had paid to have sex with an Omega in heat – physically unable to do anything but beg for it, despite their revulsion – and bit his tongue. Consent was an illusion, it was
“Bees?” Sherlock remembered he’d read several books about bees and beekeeping years ago. He’d tried telling John about them at the time, but John had put him off. Now Sherlock launched into his theory of geometric flight, with plenty of background information. He would have thought that John had gone to sleep, but occasionally he’d squeeze Sherlock’s hand gently.
When Sherlock’s shudders slowed, and his limbs lay heavily against the bed. John licked his mate’s cock clean, then heaved himself up to kiss his beautiful Omega, careful that the fabric of his clothing not chafe his mate’s lovely skin.
Sherlock lifted John's legs onto his lap. John obligingly lay back, pulling a cushion under his head. Sherlock began gently kneading his left leg.
“Oh please! Todd. Our waiter. The reason you ALWAYS want to go to that fucking café! Todd who waits ‘til I’m in the gents to touch your shoulder and tell you what a big fan he is! If you want to screw around again, Sherlock, all you have to do is say so. You won’t have to worry about me getting in your way!”
Sherlock made a small noise of desire and John almost devoured him whole. He was so gorgeous! John was hard, his Alpha cock was rigid and heavy in Sherlock’s hand. The Omega smiled and straddled John, and before John had quite realised what was happening, his mate impaled himself and John sunk into the hot, tight confines of his slick entrance.
“Tell them...” John gripped the copper’s arm. “Tell them Sherlock’s in the basement, there’s an office. You need to secure files and computers.”
Burying my face in his pillow, I remembered his breath, slow and even on my neck, the prickle of his chest hair on my spine. I felt distantly, helplessly aroused by the memory, even through my pain and exhaustion.
His delicate state during our lovemaking – going from desperately aroused to desperately disconsolate and back several times (not to mention willingly admitting to depression and suicidal thoughts) – had alarmed me more than I could say. It rocked me to my core. Sherlock was a force of nature! A tsunami of confident, abrasive, magnificent genius in a swirling Belstaff coat. Not the frail, broken man in my arms.
Hope you enjoyed this adventure. I'm starting a companion story about what happens next with John, Sherlock and  Shane.
The coach was a kind and athletic Beta who'd spent his life teaching sport to children. After a game early in the season, Coach had taken him aside to praise a spot of quick thinking on John’s part in the thick of the action that had resulted in a try for their team. John hadn't scored the points himself, but Coach had noticed his part in it. John couldn’t wait to tell his Dad!
It was a stunning amount of freedom. And if it was still less than he deserved, it was more than he’d ever expected to have.
“No. God, no. He can take care of himself. We were trying to help out a whole group of Omegas. They were being held – well it was awful. I got in a fight with an Alpha who wanted to keep them there. And a Beta... he shot me.”
Sherlock entered the flat and looked around. It was clean but modest with an untidy stack of file folders on the coffee table and the remains of takeaway on the kitchen counter. It was the home of someone who spent too much time at the office.
Nurse Angus Church stepped into the lift and inserted a key into a keyhole on the button panel. He turned the key and pressed an unlabeled button – keeping an eye on the two men the whole time. The door closed.
I was terribly out of practice, but Sherlock didn’t seem to mind. I applied myself, my hand meeting my lips every other stroke, nuzzling his sac, taking each testicle in my mouth. He spread his legs wide as I returned to his cock, tonguing his slit then swallowing him down. I brushed my fingers down his perineum, ghosting across his hole and he groaned aloud.
I trust John. I trust John completely. My time away robbed me of so much, but not of the certainty of my love and trust in John. Maybe if I’m very, very attentive I will be able to deduce the point of continuing on.
"Oh! Right." The nurse pulled two folders out of a drawer and handed them to Sherlock surreptitiously. "I hear he's doing great in O.T. and P.T. – Antoinette says he's her best patient."
"Where could I go, Seb, where your rifle scope couldn't find me?" Sherlock didn't bother opening his eyes, but he felt the little tremble in Moran's fingers when he said 'Seb.' "I've crawled down the drain after the tiger, running would be certain death. Do you think me that stupid? Would HE have been that stupid?"
“You’re going to stay here.” I said. “And keep my secret. I’m going abroad for... for however long it takes.”
“If you’ll follow me.” Lestrade watched Sherlock stalk away, trembling hands betraying his composure. Lestrade wondered when the last time was that he’d slept. Or eaten.
"...been to Venice, you really should. It's like no other place in the world. The city itself is a work of art."
"There's leftover curry in the fridge, if you want it." John immediately looked embarrassed that he'd said it. He was wearing a blue plaid shirt that Sherlock didn't recognize, under a caramel cardigan buttoned up – he was going out to dinner, Sherlock deduced, and meeting more than just Shane. Was that a good idea? He examined John more closely, the way he dawdled in the kitchen, the hesitation in his step... no, not a good idea at all.
(There! She said it: compelled. She knows! She MUST know.) I tried to funnel my turbulent emotions into an answer. “Well, I certainly don’t think he was a fraud! Nor could anything convince me he was so distraught over being THOUGHT a fraud that he’d end it all.” I peered into Mary’s round, rapt eyes. “My point is, I knew him best and I never saw it coming. I can’t explain it – it... it EATS at me. But when it comes down to it, does it matter?! He’s dead. He’s GONE whatever the reason. And I’m still here with... with nothing but memories. And my ridiculous sister and... and his ridiculous brother...” I rubbed my eyes with the flat of my hand, trying to excise the treacherous tears that threatened to fall.
She nodded. “Good. And you must call me ‘Anwen.’ None of that ‘Lady’ nonsense. Dr. Watson?” She turned to me.
John waited for me. HE WAITED FOR ME! I cannot fathom how he waited 882 days – years of his life – for ME. A skinny, obstinate, thoughtlessly cruel person with the opposite anatomy than what he prefers…
“Hullo, mate.” The burly nurse examined John’s right arm. “You did a number on your vein.” He said. “I don’t want to put the line in your hand if we can avoid it, but finding another vein in your elbow is going to hurt.”
Sherlock desperately wanted to leave directly and go to John. But he was obliged to stay and watch Moran until he left. It was an interminable hour and a half before he stood up from the game and cashed out. As he trailed Moran to the Underground. Sherlock texted Dusette her warning. Then Sherlock took a train in the opposite direction.
Shane pulled out the chair next to John's and sat, his hand still on John's shoulder. "What is it?" He asked, his concern evident.
There were four bodies on the ground now – the two the stocky woman had taken out, the City Boy John had punched, and the doorman. The doorman grabbed the next Alpha, a tall woman with a graceful bun, and pulled her to the ground as well. The man behind her started kicking them both and the man behind him shoved them all towards John.
I’ve largely kept those worries from John. After impressing upon him the importance of keeping our relationship a secret, I did not mention Moriarty again. But his trial is coming up... I’ll have to solve that problem – Moriarty’s final problem – soon.
“You’d care if I fucked my way across three continents.” Sherlock observed, smiling faintly. I appreciated that his sense of humor was returning.
I wake in the pitch dark, vertigo stealing the mattress from under me for a long second. Then it’s there, solid and firm and I am lying in bed. I reach for John… but he isn’t there.
The day Mummy was due for dinner, John had watched Sherlock pace and fidget for hours. He changed his shirt three times and shouted at Mycroft’s (delightful) cook before John drew his Omega into his arms and held him close. “There’s nothing she can do.” He murmured, projecting his certainty through their link.
Time to meet Mummy! Even Sherlock is tongue-tied in her presence. Sorry John, had to happen some time.
I shut off the camera and slipped it in my pocket. I sent the video of Victor and Gereth to Lady Anwen in an email titled 'for evidence.' Victor might try to deny it later, but he couldn't deny the video. I went to her in the office.
I too startled, locking eyes with John. It seemed I held his gaze for hours – he had gone deathly pale and his gaze burned into me – but a second later he retreated shutting the door between us firmly.
“But that would have ruined the suicide.” I said. “Jim didn’t want me murdered. He wanted me utterly disgraced, dead by my own hand.”
It was their biology. His biology. He’d told Lestrade it was a curse, and he hadn’t lied. It frightened him, though, how
Quietly she catalogued the injuries on my lower half, prodding and rolling me apologetically. Finally she stopped and the nurse swaddled me in warm, clean blankets. I curled up, hid my face, and slept.
John settled, eventually, on a cake baking competition show and I approved as heartily as I was able.
He searched my face for a moment – I wasn't sure what he was looking for or if he found it. Then he nodded somberly and retreated within himself.
By puberty, all the young Omegas had been separated from the other kids. John remembered Harry’s epic fits of temper at being made to stay at home. Her friends still went to school and to the cinema and to football. But not Harry. Harry stayed home. It was for her safety their mum had explained. Harry’s heats could start, and she had to be kept away from Alphas. Alphas would take advantage of Harry, she told them. Even John had been treated like he was a danger to her.
Their father, whom they had not seen for eight years, was still Harry’s legal guardian. Their mom couldn’t be – she was a Beta. As long as there was an Alpha blood relative, guardianship wouldn’t pass to a Beta. John wouldn’t be eligible to assume guardianship until he turned 18. None of them had thought anything about it.
"Yeah. Yes. Maybe it was the drugs, but alone that night... I was ...devastated. More than I should have been. I knew then... I knew I was in love with you and it was hopeless. I repressed it... I wasn't ready..."
It took a moment for John to decipher the look on Sherlock's face. John's blood surged again when he realized it was coyness.
“I... I don’t have to... pretend... that I’m not in love with you anymore.” I kissed him again, more deeply, one hand in his coarse, cropped hair (I could almost feel the texture of the silver strands amongst the ginger), the other around him, holding him close. “God, I love you, John Watson!” He kissed me this time. “I love you beyond reason... I still can’t believe...”
I wanted him. His long, ivory neck was hot under my lips, his shoulders flexed powerfully as I caressed him. I could feel his heartbeat fluttering, racing... he wanted me too, I felt it in his body, the way he pressed himself against me, held me with his strong hands...
Sherlock, though, must have read my entire thought process on my face – I swear the man was almost a mind reader when he wanted to be! He looked disappointed for half a second, then sly as he pushed my bum against the sink and knelt, pulling my towel off in the process.
The disappointment was acute. Sherlock struggled to suppress it, to contain something so vast. It took a moment. Bob was watching them both with utter seriousness. "Of course." Sherlock managed. "Of course, with Shane..."
Afterwards, we had a quick wash in the field house, stripping off muddy kit and boots and standing under the freezing cold showers as long as we could stand, then we marched with the lads to the Badger & Swan.
John felt his spirits rise at the thought of a good cup of tea. “Mrs, Hudson, I would like nothing better.”
“You didn’t think you’d fooled me with your little act, did you? That last night. You smelled so delicious... if I couldn’t have you, thought I might as well share you out with… well with everyone.”
I waited, but when it was clear she wasn’t going to say more, I cleared my throat. “What happened to him?” I asked.
“Good.” John said, caressing my shoulders. His hands felt phenomenal. I’d forgotten how perfectly amazing it felt when John touched me like this. “But we need to wait until after you‘ve have a proper exam.”
“Starting to. I do a lot of research first. It’s my favourite part, tracking down stories and the details that are all but forgotten. Putting it all together.” Shane smiled at John. “If you’re not a writer, what do you do?”
I tasted his arousal on my tongue – I was so hard! I palmed my own erection as he thrust himself down my throat over and over. God, I loved his cock.
John felt a thrill of outrage – he could take care of himself! But it faded quickly. "Yeah."  He hated feeling this vulnerable.
“Not certain.” Sherlock informed him. “John was hurt, not fatally... not yet... and we are in the back of a moving lorry.”
He struggled with fresh bandages. Sherlock’s help made all the difference. Then he swallowed his pain pills and let Sherlock help him to bed.
"I don't know. The GBH is out of his system by now, but the concussion complicates things." John said. "Thank you for coming. I can't leave him alone here again."
“Nothing very helpful. Woman across the laneway says she saw a big person carrying garbage around back about 9 p.m., but that’s it.”
That would push his graduation off, which meant he wouldn’t be in the intern pool this year, wouldn’t get a placement in a hospital...
I struggled – edging my own climax – to fuck him through it, to watch his face, see what I had done to him.
She held out her mobile to him with a small, cheerless smile. John winced as he reached out – he touched the phone, ran his puffy fingers along the edge. "Goddammit motherfucker." He muttered. He cleared his throat - something else that obviously caused him pain. "Erm... can you dial?" John asked, his face grim.
It was wrong! Victor was shadowed... he was the bad thing! He was infecting Sherlock! He didn't have to throw him over the edge, his menace was growing within Sherlock, taking him over.
“Perhaps.” Sherlock said. “Or conducting an experiment, attempting to cure some defect. Or breed a cure for another person’s illness.”
And Shane had known. Shane knew him – knew that John was drawn to Sherlock, that John wanted him. And despite their short acquaintance, Shane could see Sherlock clearly as well. He could see that Sherlock would take whatever John gave and want more. He could see Sherlock's restless insatiability, his desire to consume everything that was John. And he could see that John wanted it as much as he feared it.
“Indeed, it does.” She said, eyeing me suspiciously. “Go out the kitchen door here and it’s 30 meters to your left. You’ll see the path, it leads into the cliffs.”
“Yeah. And muscles. They all got muscles, Alphas. Like yers ‘ere.” She poked John’s shoulder. “Big.”
I smiled at him, overcome with fondness – then remembered we were rowing... or something. Awkward silence descended again.
“Everything IS fine!” John shouted. “Everything except bloody Todd sucking your cock while I’m eating breakfast!”
At long last we were dripping and steaming in the old servants’ hall. I threw off my orange jacket and struggled to unbutton Sherlock’s coat with my cold hands. Anwen’s fingers slipped under mine and opened them deftly. We pulled it off him, then she unlaced his sodden boots and pried them from his feet.
“Hush!” Sherlock held his hand out indicating John be quiet. Then he pointed to a hatch partway down the deck.
John was coming apart – I was taking him apart piece by piece. He still had a hand in my hair, but he was no longer taking charge. I redoubled my efforts, accommodating his little thrusts, sucking on his head, licking his slit and swallowing him down. My throat was raw with the assault, my jaw ached from his girth, but I only forced him down further. I was cupping his sac with one hand and when I ran my fingers along his perineum to the tight little bud of his entrance he cried out and thrust hard in my mouth, arching his back and spasming. I tasted the salt and bitterness of his seed as I swallowed around his fat prick, clinging to his thighs through his shuddering thrusts.
I penetrated him again, swiftly this time, almost forcefully. Sherlock moaned aloud and as I moved against him he locked eyes with me and I couldn’t look away. He moaned with every stroke of my cock, panting and gazing up at me.
I sighed and rubbed my eyes. “My sister’s an alcoholic.” I said baldly. “Our father drank himself to death when I was barely thirteen and now Harry... Harry almost killed herself too.”
The footsteps walked to the window and stopped again. I imagined him staring at our distant windows, smoking contemplatively. Abruptly, he moved away from us, into the kitchen – I heard the tap of his shoes on the tile, heard him run the water. He opened the door to the loo (I was briefly relieved that I’d remembered to shut the door after discovering the corpse in the bathtub) and I could hear him empty his bladder. He flushed and ran the water again. Then he moved farther into the flat. I could hear him faintly in the bedroom, several ‘snicks’ and then a metallic sound. His rifle. He was taking it from its case, checking the scope, screwing on a silencer. He returned to the lounge, his steps heavier. He opened the window and the desk chair creaked as he sat in it. I listened to him setting up his rifle in the window. Then nothing, no sound at all. I imagined him sitting poised behind his rifle, the windows of 221b in his sights. The automoton would do its thing, move the curtain and expose its head soon enough.
"Sherlock, stop it!" John finally looked at him, his eyes blazing with anger. "I'm sorry, Bob. Ignore him."
No, I'm past that, I have no illusions. It won't redeem me, it won’t make me – or you – feel any better about Jean-Claude. Nothing will. But it will help them. That seemed worth doing.”
I opened my mouth to protest, but his expression stopped me. For the sake of expedience, I took the paperwork.
“Who can say what happened to your Marcas?” I asked her. “It doesn’t change the single worst thing – he’s not with you any longer.”
Afterwards, he reached again for the Omega’s penis. It lay at half-mast against Sherlock’s thigh. John caressed it to full wakefulness and stroked it, twisting his wrist and running his thumb over the damp head at the top of each stroke. John felt Sherlock’s pleasure growing through their empathetic link – it was amazing, he knew exactly what pleased the young man most, knew precisely what he desired. He felt powerful, fondling and squeezing and stroking his Omega’s prick until Sherlock gasped and spurted, his climax stuttering under John’s capable hand. It was a different sort of climax than the earlier ones, less deep but still satisfying to both of them.
“Call the police.” John commanded the bartender. She just stared at him. “Come on, the police! NOW!” He barked. She swallowed her shock and nodded, turned and picked up a phone.
He watched as Mycroft smoothed his features into the bland, slightly mocking mask he habitually wore and his heart ached for the man.
“Wow.. (ahem)… those drinks were stronger than I realized.” John said, when they were out on the pavement. He blinked a few times. “I think I’m going to walk a bit, try to clear my head.”
“Er, no – I wouldn’t have planned it in the middle of a rotation. It was a spur-of-the-moment thing.” The elderly Beta they were working on had been a patient. She still had tape on her arms and electrodes on her chest. Her hands and the insides of her elbows were blotched purple and green with bruises.
"Sshhh, you're ok." John crooned softly. "Just breathe." Sherlock took a breath, retched through the pain, and another agonizing breath. The heaves slowed and finally stopped. Sherlock felt exhausted.
I try to keep it there, not think about having him as my lover. Not think about his lean body rocking beneath me, reacting to my every movement, my every breathe, flushed and perfect, eager for my cock, my cum, my kisses... waking beside him, the morning light making his pale skin glow. My fingers on his arm, his neck, in his hair. My lips pressed against his. The look in his eyes, hungry, sad, grateful for whatever scrap I give him - he should never settle for scraps! He deserves a lover who cherishes him. (Up close I can see the scars. They weren't there before - who has cut you, my love? Who has hurt you, beaten you, left this evidence of pain? How have you struggled on your own?)
Next week I'll post the LAST CHAPTER. AND the first chapter of Biology and the British Government – which features, among other things, the return of Moriarty and the final showdown.
“Sit.” John urged, setting a pot of jam on the table. He passed Sherlock his tea and watched him spoon sugar into it. He spread jam on toast and made beans on toast and set it all down on the table. Sherlock picked up a piece with jam and looked at it.
As I made my way down the block, leaning on my cane, I could feel Sherlock watching me from the window.
They ordered Chinese because it was fast, and John was starving. Sherlock even admitted to slight hunger. They sat on the couch, using the stacks of Sherlock’s moving boxes as a table and devoured the food like locusts. Then John pulled Sherlock into his arms and the bondmates lay down and snuggled together. John passed out almost immediately, the hot, heavy weight of his Omega against his chest calming all his anxieties into a soft stream of contentment.
But before I even knew what I saw, his guard came up again. The mask of bland disinterest he wears almost constantly now was back. He pulled away from me and stalked into his bedroom where I could hear him pacing.
“Yes.” Sherlock agreed. “Mrs. Hudson was annoyingly adamant that Shane and I had to get along – and not just the grudging truce we’d called.” Sherlock caressed John’s cheek. “I'm not a complete idiot, I see that Shane gives you things that I'm... singularly unequipped to give you. Or anyone. But I give you things that no one else can! We agreed that forcing you to choose one or the other was stupid – a false dichotomy. So, we aren’t going to worry about it.”
John nodded stiffly but didn’t relax. Bill started singing softly and Lestrade joined in. “Come on you two. We’re four pissed Alpha blokes out looking for a good time.”
and that was thrilling! Because, Sherlock realised as he luxuriated in his Alpha’s emotive essence, he was not dangerous to
John took the lubricant back into the front room. Sherlock, having shed his clothes, was refastening the boot around his broken leg. He stood up when he heard John approach, and John saw he wasn't nude – Sherlock had put on John's sweaty jockstrap, the outline of his erection clearly visible through the white cotton.
"Oh." Sherlock said, as if just remembering. "I'd like you to take a look at these – if you could. The autopsy results for the two victims." He set the folders on the table.
John ran down the dark alley, the torch illuminating the ground in front of him, he turned and I sprinted to catch up. I thought I could hear someone else in the maze. The impossible, dark sameness was disorienting.
John shook his head, feeling like a complete failure. The dead Omegas had come from a home like his, not a home like Molly’s.
“Or growing donor organs for transplant.” Mycroft offered. “Although that’s unlikely as the infants appear to have been bred for intelligence as well as hardiness.”
John watched anxiously as the doctor shocked Sherlock's heart. It restarted on the first try! Then he was connected to the respirator and John was very relieved to see Sherlock's chest rise and fall again. They attached a heart monitor. John found the regular BEEP-beep, BEEP-beep very soothing.
Her mouth set, jaw tense, she pushed past me. John waited gravely in the hall outside the door. We could hear their muffled laughter. It was bizarre, being on THIS side of this situation...
“Indeed... give your mate my regards.” Mycroft huffed with all the dignity he could muster and left, his umbrella tapping on each of the seventeen steps that led down to the street.
"Mm." Walter moved on to another victim, but I could tell he wasn't finished with me. And indeed when group was over he said, "William, would you mind sticking around for a minute?"
How do I account for falling for you? From the very start, I felt that you could really see ME. I liked your compliments on my deductions, but not because they puffed me up, but because it meant that you understood what I was doing and appreciated it. You weren’t offended by my lapses into rudeness – you knew what I meant. You helped ease the way through society, and talking with you so often helped me make intuitive connections I wasn’t able to make on my own.
I stripped off my jumper, laying it on the bed, a mossy green island on the bright white, and sat down next to it. Even four thick it was low, as low as a mattress on the floor. I patted the futon. “Come here.” I said.
That got his attention. I never pleaded with him. Victor changed jobs, but Mycroft assured me it was a lateral move. He'd done nothing but move him far away.
On an impulse, John stopped at the Underground. He studied the routes – he’d have to transfer twice, but so what. He pulled out his Oyster card and started down the long, long escalators. There were a couple of people spread all across it unmoving. John swore. Stand to the right, walk to the left – that was the rule.
But in that moment, Sherlock’s face was so vulnerable, so loving, and John felt suddenly that he COULD feel the same. That he did.
Sherlock was warm and solid in my embrace. I inhaled deeply, the scent of his skin wonderfully familiar. “John!” He whispered and I was overcome with love for him. I kissed him. For a second it seemed as if he’d forgotten how, but then he melted into it, opening up for me with a shuddering sigh.
The nurse's eyes narrowed. "Looking for something to steal, are ya? Though you'd rumble the dead man?"
Not that I wasn’t sad. I had little hope that Mycroft could shield John from knowing what these past weeks had been like. It would upset John and I would give anything to spare him that. John had given me so much joy and all I’d given him in return is suffering.
She looked younger for a second, unguarded. Then her features firmed and she nodded at me once. Then she was gone.
“Yes. My father married another man. Our mother died twelve years ago – cancer. Dad never seemed interested in getting remarried. But five years or so ago, I noticed that he seemed happier. A lot happier. Eventually he introduced me to Vic, his partner. I was very grateful to see him that happy again. And Vic is great. He’s one of my closest friends now.
Neither man noticed John as they started walking back towards the industrial corridor. They were, John saw, almost of a height, and looked well together. He wondered if Mycroft dated Betas... “Sherlock!” John ran after his mate suddenly understanding the mischievous twist he’d felt through their link.
The Alpha was independent. Mummy could appreciate that. He hadn’t built his fortune yet, but the military was a good place to accomplish it. According to Mycroft, he was brave enough. As a doctor, he’d have rank. If he were ambitious, he could ascend quickly... especially with the Holmes family putting in a word here and there.
Lestrade pressed Mycroft into the soft leather, still teasing with soft brushes of his lips and tongue. Mycroft made a noise, aroused and impatient, that sent a rush of heat to Lestrade’s groin. His fingers dug into Lestrade’s neck, ruffling the short, silver hair.
He was interrupted by Anwen returning with Ianto. “No one’s come in through the front.” She said. “And Sherlock’s coat isn’t in the closet.”
John, proving again he was the stronger of the two of us, kissed me one more time then stepped back, pulling my arms from around him. He looked at me intensely for a moment longer then turned and followed Mycroft out the door.
“All sorts... find da Vinci’s war machines... sample gelato from as many different places as we could find... buy an orange leather pocketbook and use it to trap pickpockets... take a tour in the Doge and infiltrate into the places tourists aren’t meant to be – extra points for an unused, abandoned area... walk to a certain landmark and find the note Marcas had hidden with only a few clues... pick a tourist and follow him or her all day without them knowing...
He returned to Sherlock's side and took his pulse, his fingers pressing against Sherlock's neck. It was slow. Too slow! Sherlock didn't seem to be breathing...
"Ok, thanks." I wandered back to the dining room where I found Lady Anwen, Selwyn and Gereth taking breakfast.
“She... I couldn’t think about her – I couldn’t even look at her! She... she made me sad... there was nothing about her that I found appealing in the least.
Impulsively, I caressed his erection through his trousers, tracing the long, slender length of it. Sherlock moaned and gripped me harder, digging his fingers into my flesh. I nipped his ear and nuzzled his neck. I bit his lips as he kissed me and I grabbed a handful of his hair, with one hand whilst still rubbing his knob with the other.
Shane stayed with him while Sherlock went to get the takeaway. John moved as far as he could to the left side of the bed without disturbing his stump and pulled Shane down to lie next to him. Shane wrapped his arms around him and John rested his head on Shane’s narrow chest. This man was his lover, he had desired his body, fucked him… John couldn’t feel anything remotely sexual right now. But it felt lovely to be held.
Sherlock had thought about that late into the night. What did it mean? John had chosen Shane... did he expect that they would go back to being friends, living and working together as before?
"Oh!" The nurse turned back to John. "He has it bad for you, doesn't he." He glanced at Shane. "And now I see where ALL this tension is coming from." He winked at John. "Good luck, soldier." He said and left, pushing the empty wheelchair in front of him.
However, I was now too close for him to swing the weapon at me. He tried to back away as he recovered his breath, but quickly found himself against the wall. I pressed the advantage, hitting him in the face with my rifle. I broke his nose and he roared and tried to grapple with me. All I could think about was this monster hurting Sherlock. I ignored his grasping hands and flailing blade and struck him in the head again and then again. I was gratified to see him bleeding, his pink eyes looking stunned, worried. I hit him again and again, wiping the expression off his monstrous face.
“I’m not hungry.” I said. “I’m going to lie down.” I listened to her rattling around in the kitchen until she left.
After that, the video showed only the rioting, showed the police arriving, an all-Beta force with scent-suppressor bombs. They launched them into the mob who rapidly became a group of stunned individuals, bedraggled and injured, that were ushered out by the Beta police for medical treatment and questioning. Seven of the mob didn’t stand up – one because her leg was broken, four because they were out cold, one because he was gravely injured and two more because they were dead.
Sherlock slept peacefully, his bruised face unlined and vulnerable. He was clean and he had color in his cheeks. His matted hair and beard had been shaved and his scalp smelled slightly medicinal – a treatment for the lice. He wore pyjamas, but underneath ointment and bandages covered his sores and lacerations. He had splints on three, slightly swollen fingers.
“Shezzer, your stay of execution is up tomorrow. Nazer here has applied for your execution to be postponed again. Do you have anything to say for yourself?”
John and his companion went into a restaurant. Sherlock could see them being seated as he walked past. He continued to follow the hunter. He prowled the neighborhood then settled into a café with a view of the restaurant. Sherlock secreted himself in a doorway and watched the watcher.
I heard the door slam open behind us and Victor yelling. "Gereth! Stop!" I was relieved to hear his voice, to hear that the boy hadn't shot him. Then a gunshot rang out and I ducked reflexively.
Sherlock shrugged. "We had eggs and mushrooms... this was the only recipe I could find that fit the ingredients at hand. I had to borrow an onion from Mrs. Hudson..."
He had gone home with Shane and the two mild-mannered, regular blokes had left a trail of clothes to the bedroom where John had bent Shane over the bed and fucked him just the way Shane liked it.
The ellipsis indicating Sherlock was responding appeared... then disappeared and reappeared again. I stared at the dots, watching them bounce and bounce... it disappeared again.
Wearily, Sherlock nodded and rolled over, dropping an arm to unhook the ladder. It extended with a loud ringing that had Lestrade cringing, despite already being surrounded. He wasted no time, climbing to the platform and then pulling the ladder up behind him and securing it again — he didn’t think they could climb a ladder, but better to be safe.
Sherlock watched the activity. The woman, the dead man's partner, was eventually sedated and settled in a vacant bed. A doctor was in with the dead man briefly, then attendants came and took Simon Fraser away.
He slept through the morning of the next day. Sherlock had attracted too much attention the night before and had been followed from the back room game. He'd been obliged to 'disappear' – a maneuver that unfortunately entailed hiding in a bin then climbing a fire escape to an inconveniently isolated rooftop and whiling away several hours in the cold before climbing down and making his way back to the pensioners' hotel.
"Sherlock." John said, leaning against me. "I wish you weren't sick. Do you know what I'd do to you?" He nuzzled my neck, his lips hot against my flesh.
He reached out with his large hand and laid it on the side of my neck just as he used to when he wanted to kiss me. I could feel his fingers flex lightly. Just as it had done then, his hand distracted me completely from my impatience and indignation. I closed my eyes remembering what it had felt like to be so loved.
I was in the habit of using my transport however I wished – eschewing sleep and food, sprinting through London, leaping from building to building, playing my violin all night, smoking, taking cocaine or meth or whatever interesting prescriptions I found in Mummy's medicine cabinet, getting into fistfights or knife fights, hiking in the winter rain without proper gear...
Sherlock gave John's hand a reassuring squeeze and smiled. Abruptly he let go and looked away from John. He seemed ready to leave his side – John understood, it was hard to be so in love with someone who was with someone else. It was hard for John too – Shane and Sherlock, so different from each other, both so dear to John. Both so attractive.
Later – much later – they lay spooned in bed, naked and sweaty, John’s knot caught inside him for the third or fourth time that night. Sherlock was trembling from the aftershocks of his orgasms in his Alpha’s strong arms… ‘this is happiness,’ he thought. ‘I have everything.’
“No? Well, I‘ll have a little then.” Detoxing was hard on the body – and harder on the mind. I wasn’t surprised Sherlock had no appetite. I broke off a corner of strudel and nibbled at it. “Mmm. This tea is good.” I said, sipping it.
His words turned my stomach to ice. His leering expression made me ill – and so, so angry. He was close, too close, the blade whizzing dangerously through the air by my head. I twisted back again, but this time the blade caught me on the shoulder. Pain bloomed where it had sliced through my fatigues.
The wound and the surgical incisions were red and angry, warm to the touch. John swore. He did the front himself, dousing it in peroxide and betadyne then dabbing antibiotic ointment on it. He had Sherlock do the same to his back.
Sherlock stopped sorting the vials and bottles and faced the policeman. “Were I to have children – and you
Nazer nudged me. He held a morsel of food in front of me. I took it. Smelled it. It was ham! Part of a slice of actual baked ham. I looked up – this had to be a mistake. But Nazer just nudged me again. I devoured it.
If being his lover had taught me anything, it taught me that Sherlock cared deeply about his friends – about me and Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Lestrade and even Mycroft. Deeper than he’d ever be able to express. So why was I so willing to believe he would blow her off like that?
“It wouldn’t hurt.” I said. If she WEREN’T in it with Moran, she might be able to give the police some idea where to look for him.
John dragged me sideways and the lights from the house disappeared. We ran deeper into the darkness, zigging sharply left then right.
“As it is she ended up in A&E with a concussion... big, bloody gash in her forehead, black eyes...” I trailed off.
Mycroft turned pink, making the lovely, grassy green soulmark stand out even more. “Oh! I hadn’t thought…”
“I’ll leave you alone to, erm ... you know.” Mrs. Hudson said, patting his arm. She walked away from John. The woman paralleled her path.
I started taking cases via email midweek. John spent hours away from the flat almost every day, returning looking worn out and leaning heavily on his cane. I had no doubt – from the frequency of her texts – that he spent at least some of that time with Mariah.
John plucked at the collar of Sherlock’s shirt. “Take this off, yeah?” He said. “I want to see you.”
It had taken a computer algorithm to find a frame with a clear picture of the man’s face – and even then, it was grainy and distorted. Facial recognition software had narrowed him down to roughly 450 Londoners. 291 were Alphas. Comparing photos of the 291 Alphas with images of the men whose personal effects police had found abandoned near the scene of the riot had left them with one possibility: John Hamish Watson, a medical student and soldier-in-training with an Omega sister, a Beta mother and an absent Alpha father.
He'd left his phone on the coffee table. His text alert sounded, the lockscreen lit up and I saw the text was from Mariah. I read it reflexively – 'John, I love you!'
They’d entered the house through a subterranean tunnel that connected to a parking garage – Shane had been left with the driver. Sherlock thought he knew where the parking garage was based on the length of the tunnel and the knowledge that the fireplace in the library was on the south wall. He’d prowled past it when reconnoitering the neighborhood. That felt like it was years ago.
First I put on Nazer’s sweatpants. They were soft and comfortable and he loved them. If I wore them for my beheading, they’d be ruined for him, one way or another. I took a small, petty amount of pleasure from that.
More probably he was grateful that Shane was stepping up so John wouldn’t be so devastated when Sherlock disappeared again. Sherlock was relieved he wouldn’t be saddled with John much longer. That thought killed his appetite, such as it was, and he turned away.
had to talk to the headmaster on the phone. Then I had to sit down and wait for Tamsin to come to the school before they would even start looking!”
Usually my heart melted when John did that, and I could deny him nothing. But that day I was furious with him. I just hadn’t realised it yet. I only knew I was sick with the painful anxiety of impending loss.
John was dreaming. He knew he was dreaming because he was with Sherlock. Not with him the way he used to be, they weren't interviewing clients or investigating a murder. John was with Sherlock the way he WANTED to be with Sherlock, flat on his back in bed while Sherlock rode his cock, his lean and lovely body glowing with lust and a sheen of sweat. John's hands were on his hips, gripping the sharp bones as Sherlock raised himself up and sank down over and over again. He moaned every time John's cock penetrated deeply. "Oh...oh...ohhh!" Sherlock's erection bounced lewdly along with his movements, the slit magenta with arousal, protruding from the foreskin, damp and dripping precome on John's belly. Soon he would cum from the pleasure he was taking from impaling himself on John's big cock, he would shoot his load on John's chest and he would say something delightfully filthy like "Fuck me, John, I love your cock." Or "Cum inside me, John. Give me your seed!" Or "Harder! I need it harder! Pound my arse, John!"
Returning to his chair near John's door, Sherlock sagged into it. He could hear John and Shane murmuring, Shane apologetic, comforting – not yet realizing there was no comforting John.
“It’s a lot, I know.” Anwen said to me with a rueful smile. “I have a pied-à-terre in London that’s so much more practical. The upkeep on this place is insane.”
I love how you thought I could be a better person than I was, you who knew all my faults. You made me believe that I COULD be better. You made me want to be better.
He roused himself, found his pajamas and dressing gown and went into the kitchen to make tea. He heard the shower being turned on.
“I were in the A&E when they brought the riot injuries in. Real barney* that was. Lots’o strawberry jam. Rex* has it you were there, John.”
“It’s always gone to the eldest male.” Gereth said stubbornly. “Dad went out of his way to change the entailment in Anwen’s favour.”
Mycroft winced. “Yes, I had hoped to be able to collect my brother sooner, but I was unfortunately delayed.”
John woke with sunlight in his eyes – that meant he was in Shane's bed, John's bedroom didn't get morning sun. He smiled.
Sherlock wasn’t alone. He tried to reach out, but he was lying on his good arm. He prodded forward with a foot, found a warm body a few inches away. He tried to scent the body – but there were so many odours in the enclosed space, not least the vile dead leaves smell emanating from himself. He shifted towards the other person, fuck it hurt to move!
“No.” It hadn’t been easy. “But... it was moot, really.” I explained. “I was... passive... with Sarah and I had a terribly hard time. There’s no way I could have been the active partner with a woman... it just wouldn’t... work.” I contemplated the ginger biscuit in my hand. “I was only really pressed once. I implied I’d been... injured.”
“John, dear, welcome home.” She said, taking his arm as he climbed out of the cab. “It’s so good to have you both back where you belong.”
“I’m afraid... John, I’m afraid something happened to him.” She seemed legitimately distraught. I patted her arm.
He’d set a deliberate rhythm at the start, giving his Omega a chance to grab a breath with each stroke. But now, John buried his fingers in Sherlock’s hair and pulled as he plunged himself deeply. He was losing himself in the consuming feedback loop of pleasure and desire between them, assaulting his mate’s mouth and throat over and over and over... John’s climax swept through him unexpectedly, a sudden euphoric explosion, and he pressed himself deep for the long, stuttering moments of bliss, pumping his seed down his Omega’s throat with a choking cry.
They circled each other again. She attacked with a pair of fast, head-on punches that John blocked with less ease than he liked. She swung again, her powerful fist hurtling towards his head. John dropped into a crouch, using the momentum to swing his leg around and sweep the American’s feet out from under her.
Lestrade laughed at himself, prompting a quizzical look from Mycroft. He was getting ahead of himself — he was having a holiday snog in the back seat of Mycroft’s car, not getting married.
John felt overwhelmed again, felt the tears threaten to overspill his eyelids. “Is it? Shane, I don’t want to lose you…” A tear got loose and John wiped at it angrily. “But I don’t expect you to want me now.” John couldn’t bring himself to wave his stump in Shane’s face, he kept his left arm firmly under the blankets. “It would be easier if you just left. The longer you stay, the harder it will be …”
"Oh. Right. In relation to my recovery I'm...let me think... BORED. All this..." I waved a hand at the room, encompassing the circle of chairs, their inhabitants and the counselor. "... is boring. Dreadfully, mind-numbingly boring." I sat in one of the chairs. I'd been meditating on the passage of clouds out the window when Walter, the counselor, interrupted to ask his banal questions.
**Mike Stamford had called Shane. John had been ignoring Mike's texts ever since he set up the new phone Shane had gotten him.**
“Sit here, John.” Greg murmured, pushing me into a chair. “I’ll talk to Molly – or someone. Are you up to doing the formal identification.”
“How...? You shouldn’t have let him!” I wept helplessly, overcome with detestable sentiment. “He could have been hurt, Mycroft! He could have been killed!”
"Not him. Of course not HIM, whoever he was. But I knew that if it were you in the next stall, I would be on my knees in a second. And I realized, I wished it were you. I wanted it to be you."
Reassured (somewhat) Sherlock watched John wash himself, running the soap over his muscular body, sudsing his big Alpha cock and balls and rubbing the soap between his arse cheeks. He made quick work of it, cleaning himself efficiently, washing his hair and rinsing it almost before Sherlock registered he’d picked up the shampoo again. Then he was wrapping his arms around Sherlock and kissing him, humming into his mouth contentedly, kissing his jaw and the shell of his ear, rubbing his nose against Sherlock’s neck, scenting him, and licking the bond bite carefully so it would continue to heal – and to scar – properly.
“Stop it.” John commanded, wrapping his arms around his bondmate. “We weren’t serious. I’ll tell her I can’t see her anymore as soon as I get my phone back.”
“Twenty-four.” He hid his face in his hands. “We were together almost a year. We celebrated his eighteenth birthday together... what I thought was his eighteenth birthday… when Mycroft discovered us… he threatened to have me arrested. I was so arrogant. ‘Your brother is an adult,’ I told him. I’ll never forget what he said: ‘My brother is fourteen.’ I didn’t believe him… until I saw Sherlock’s face. I broke it off right there. I’d been… having a relationship with a child… having sex with a child.”
“Must be why Mummy has never much bothered. Have you told her about Lestrade yet? I imagine she'll be thrilled.”
"Yeah. I'm more of a 'top,' I think, but I've had girlfriends who were into... pegging, I guess you call it. It was... fine. I'd be interested to try it with you."
– that he was vulnerable, that John was vulnerable. Mycroft and Lestrade too, all of them, vulnerable and exposed. No matter what they did, what precautions they took, he felt defenseless against Moriarty’s whims.
But the bloody therapist was right. Instead of hugging him, John had tried to strangle him. Sherlock shouldn't be surprised – he knew John's temper well. He'd been an idiot not to expect his anger. He had to face it, he'd lost John. All the love he felt was not enough to overcome what he'd done. They MIGHT be able to have some kind of friendship – they might not – but that was the best Sherlock could hope for now.
Lestrade snorted and tried on Bill’s walk. It was pitch perfect. "This ain't my first rodeo." He muttered.
He kissed me. It was a feverish kiss – his lips were unnaturally hot, his skin rough, so unlike a woman's. Then he was frantic, pressing kisses on my chin and cheeks as much as on my mouth.
But it had to be a very good disguise – Mycroft was right, we’d gone to great lengths to neutralize Moriarty, I couldn’t throw it all away for sentiment. I would have to be unrecognizable not just to Moriarty’s people, but to Mrs. Hudson and John. AND I’d have to foil computerized gait analysis and facial recognition programs.
“It’s what Jim really wanted.” I continued cutting him off with a look. “Jim never cared about John or Mrs. Hudson. He cared about me.”
He reached for something with his nonexistent left hand a hundred times a day. His brain still recoiled at the sight of the stump on the end of his left arm. John was reeling from the loss, his world topsy-turvy. He didn't have the wherewithal to make the choice. But the limbo they had been in in hospital had to end
"Yes, there. And on my back up by my left shoulder... maybe other places..." Sherlock trailed off. His head hurt.
After Victor left, I knocked on the adjoining door. "John?" I called. I could hear the clank of dishes.
“You’re kidding. Sherlock, tell me this is a joke.” John was angry. “After I sit and watch you flirt with ‘Todd’ all through brunch, you are NOT upset that I glanced at a pretty bird.”
Sherlock was on his feet and moving towards John before the thought crystallized in his brain – ‘he still loves me!’ It was clear as day to Sherlock. It was in the tired circles under John’s gray eyes, in the set of his mouth, the restless tension in his muscles. It was in the pajamas – the bottoms were the same ones John had worn the night they kissed; the top an old t-shirt of Sherlock’s he had often worn to sleep. But most of all it was in John’s anger. He CARED! He cared so deeply!
The third floor was identical to the second and the fourth appeared to house active prostitutes as well. The fifth floor was dim and there were many more doors along the narrow hallway – servants’ quarters originally, and now, possibly, rooms for the Omegas not currently in heat. John tried the closest door and found it locked. He decided to follow the stairs up to the sixth and final floor before investigating further.
“It was Barry Crocker.” Seb said and it took me a moment to realise he meant Marcas’ death had been a shocker – unexpected. By then Seb had left the table for another bottle of wine.
He counted out compressions, finding the rhythm, pressing hard enough to stimulate the heart to pump, but not hard enough to crack Sherlock's ribs. John stopped and moved to Sherlock's head. He put his hand under Sherlock's neck and pushed up, tilting his head back, opening his mouth slightly. Then grabbed Sherlock's nose, pinched it closed and used it to hold Sherlock's head in position. John fit his mouth over Sherlock's and forced air from his own lungs into his friend's. He repeated this twice then returned to compressions, shouting for help, shouting for someone to come.
John grabbed a fistful of damp, wavy hair and pulled Shane closer. “You do have something you could hold against me.” He murmured, pressing his thigh against Shane’s crotch. He smiled into the kiss as he felt Shane harden.
It was true, Sherlock hadn’t meant to tell me. And if I were honest, I was as surprised as he to discover how much I wanted to be with him. I turned back. His eyes pleaded with me.
"Yes! He just fucking proposed! I have no idea what to do with that. I want to get my head around this before I talk to him. Talk to you." John added, glancing at Sherlock.
“I didn’t mean to hurt him. I was in love with him. I NEVER would have taken advantage of him – of any child – like that!”
^^^Good. I love you too! And I miss you. Please tell me why I’m standing out in the hall instead of holding your hand right now.^^^
John didn't reply. He watched Sherlock tidy the food away. After, Sherlock pulled out his phone and started looking through his email.
“Mmm, just a little Alpha. What are you doing with my Omegas, little Alpha.” She asked in her flat American accent.
Is that who Mary was describing? Or was she making Marcas up wholesale? If she were, why not make it a romantic partner that she’d lost, instead of a mentor? Something I could identify with. Someone I could, in theory, replace.
John writhed – the hand stroked him dry, without lubricant, rubbing over the fresh welts with cruel proficiency. "Why!?" John managed, the syllable a stuttering wail. He gasped for air. "What do you want, Moran!?" John demanded. He shuddered involuntarily as he tried to squirm away from Moran's hand and the ropes ground the sweat that now covered his body into the raw skin, the salt burning.
“Mary.” I was appalled. “That must have been terrible.” It was my turn to lay a comforting hand on her arm.
He doused the gloved erection in lube then lifted himself up and over it, placing it against his hole. With a look of concentration on his face, he sat back on John's cock, slowly but steadily sliding down its length until he sat on John's lap, the massive member entirely subsumed into his body.
But Sherlock didn't say anything. He kissed John's shoulder and held him and after a long moment, John relaxed and let the comfort touch him. Against John's despair and rage, it was overmatched. But John knew he could count on this comfort. He could lash out or retreat inside himself, he could scream abuse and blame Sherlock, he could be icy cold and ignore him, but no matter what Sherlock would be there with him.
John nodded. “This conversation isn’t over.” He whispered. He crept silently to one side of the hatch whilst Sherlock took the other. The Omega hefted the hatch up and someone exploded from the opening, scrambling across the deck towards the vast expanse of the landfill.
Victor Trevor is unexpectedly encountered. He reveals the shocking nature of their relationship to John.
“Thank you.” Mycroft murmured. He looked up and Sherlock met his eyes – and saw immediately that his brother wasn’t lying, he was not going to try to take him away. Sherlock saw his relief mirrored in John, his shoulders relaxing very slightly.
Sherlock watched Shane walk stiffly down the hall and peer into the room. He tried to smile as he disappeared into the room.
I turned and saw he was staring at Sherlock. He too looked shocked, bright red spots appearing high on his cheeks. He was frozen in place and – for once – speechless.
For the first time since his abduction, John felt his cock take notice – not become erect, not yet, but to raise its hand and say 'present!' It felt like it had been years since that happened. He leaned into the kiss, enjoying the sensations of being aroused. Enjoying Shane.
I took the card. "Thank you." I told him and bid him goodbye. I sincerely hoped I wouldn't find myself back in his care again.
"My charms are so great?" The nurse's merry eyes danced. "Or are you fighting with your boyfriends already."
"Is that what you want, John?" Shane had asked quietly. He was sitting in John's chair, his legs and arms pulled in defensively. "For me to step aside? You can be with him now."
“Nothing to be embarrassed about. Omegas, when allowed to choose their own mates, often make snap decisions. And anecdotally, those bonds are surprisingly durable. I’ve thought about doing a study… but it’s hard to get funding to study Omegas.
"He was an associate of Moriarty’s, John. A friend. He thinks I killed Moriarty. My theory is that he’s keeping an eye on you to make certain I’m dead.”
He pulled out his phone and prepared to text – then hesitated again. John could handle himself, but a warning would help him. John had to be safe. He sent the text. **your shadow returns-garden stair opposite**
Afterwards, I let Mrs. Hudson guide me to the lobby. She stayed by my side, an anchor, and island. Something that I could hold onto in all the madness.
She ducked her head, pleased. "It was nowt. Sir Afan liked to take a few cakes when he went hiking. I want to have them ready, don't I. You like a Welsh cake too, Master Gereth."
Slowly John settled, relaxing into Sherlock's arms fully. "Did he... I know you said Moran didn't... the truth, Sherlock, what happened in there?"
“He did not.” Mycroft snapped. I stared, surprised at his vehemence. “John.” He said in a softer tone. “Don’t take this personally. Sherlock was very happy to see you. He loves you very much. But he’s... upset. Understandably upset.”
Sherlock didn’t answer. Which either meant he was somewhere without a signal, or he got my text and simply wasn’t deigning to answer.
“I expected them to try and kill me then, but they weren’t finished gloating. I was alive... which meant YOUR life was forfeit, John. They...” I swallowed hard, forcing my voice to remain steady. “They showed me video... they claimed it was being filmed live in London and sent directly to them – that there was a three second delay, no more, in seeing what was actually happening...
"Yes. Respectable. Not the sort who would ever darken the door of an Omega brothel. That's what this is for." Mycroft held up the envelope. "The first of several tests to weed out the unworthy."
Shane climbed in after him. He hastily shed his cardigan and tucked it under John's head then he picked up John's hand and kissed it. "I'll come to hospital as soon as I can." He said.
John was rough – his fist was in Sherlock's hair, holding his head still for the onslaught. John was pushing himself back onto Sherlock's fingers with every thrust, then spearing Sherlock's face again and again, swearing and moaning. "Take it!" He commanded Sherlock. "Take my hard cock, come on!" He shoved his hips forward, feeding his entire length into Sherlock's throat once again and holding him there.
Mum had rung the police, but John had fought them – and little Harry herself had done a bit of damage – but there were too many of them. John had taken a vicious beating.
I strained to hear John's answer. "...friend knew... landlady. She..." I couldn't make out anything else. I listened to the creak of their footsteps upstairs - it was muffled and distant, the high ceilings and thick floors doing a good enough job that I couldn't be certain where they were. Kitchen and/or lounge, I thought. At least I was sure they weren't in the bedroom.
“I thought... bonding made their scent pure... but if it doesn’t... who can I bond with? Who can any of us?” Alfred despaired.
“OI!” Someone yelled, and then there was a loud whistle. They broke apart and found a copper approaching them. “Move along or I’ll have you for public indecency.” He said.
“Hush.” John soothed him, running his hands over the smooth, white hips and up under the shirt the Omega still wore. “Hush, I’m right here.” He pulled Sherlock’s hips back until the head of his cock tickled his entrance. “I’m right here.”
The position didn’t always appear comfortable for the bottom, so I was careful as I arranged Sherlock’s legs. “Is this ok?” I asked him.
That day, Sherlock had trailed John’s hunter – and he was definitely ‘John’s' hunter, he hadn’t budged when the boyfriend left –  across London via the Underground to a house in Mayfair. Not the part that was currently fashionable, an older, quieter section of Mayfair. The house was once grand and was still impressive. Sherlock was wary - while buildings of that era were like sieves as far as breaking in was concerned, the hunter with the military haircut and bespoke dark green overcoat didn't strike Sherlock as a man who was careless about security.
I felt him shiver and I knew what he wasn’t saying – that he couldn’t believe this was happening. I reached back over my head and buried my hand in his dark curls, pulling him closer. Sherlock caught his breath, the slightest of sounds, letting me know he was overwhelmed by his emotions.
He spoke, his accent guttural. “I know your face.” He said stabbing the air in front of me. “Shezzer friend. Little man. Shezzer alive...” he grinned baring yellow teeth and slashed at my face. I jerked away feeling the rush of air as I narrowly avoided being cut. “Shezzer alive, you die! YOU DIE, little man!”
"Oh. It's me then. I thought... never mind what I thought." Sherlock swallowed the bile in his throat.
I gave the tiny flat another quick once over, and only then put the safety back on my gun. I retrieved Sherlock from the stairwell and brought him into the flat, locking the door after us. “What now?” I asked. “We wait for him to come back?”
The man cut off the doctor tersely. "DOCTOR Watson has been kidnapped and tortured. Although why that should make a difference in treatment is beyond me. I've already contacted a specialist..." They walked away and John let himself drift off.
“Seriously? It’s fantastic here! Have a massage. Go skiing or fucking horseback riding. Get room service from the goddamned five-star restaurant! Do whatever the hell you want! It’s ALL FREE! It can’t be a hardship to take a free fucking holiday!”
With the merest gasp, Mycroft pressed his mouth to Lestrade’s. Lestrade gently pulled him closer, deepening the kiss, licking the seam of his soulmate’s lips until they opened and their tongues met...
I was consumed by the intense feelings – of Sherlock’s hole clenched around my prick, the stimulation from sliding in and out, the emotion of being inside my friend, my best friend, the person I loved most in this world. And now I knew him even more intimately. My hands found his shoulders and I fucked him soundly, pulling him back onto my fat cock.
“Look at us.” Lestrade giggled. “Bare-arsed.” He leaned against Mycroft, shaking. “God, you smell good.”
I'd fallen asleep in my chair last night, sometime around 2 a.m. Lorry traffic had woken me early and I took myself to my bed without thinking too hard about what had kept me up. Thus I had woken to the sounds of John making tea in the kitchen at half nine still wearing the trousers and shirt from the night before.
He kissed my neck, ran his teeth across my jaw and nipped at my ear. It sent shivers through me – directly to my groin. John felt my erection against his hip, he paused.
They rode it out, John’s arms wrapped tightly around his slim Omega, holding him close as they knelt on the mattress. As the last tremor shook them, John released his jaw and sniffed at the bond bite. It was deep, bleeding profusely. The Alpha licked the bite, his saliva staunching the flow of blood as it had evolved to do. He cleaned it with his tongue, lapping at it for long minutes.
“Very quickly.” John said with a shy smile. “We met by chance and just… well… bonded. It’s good. Really good – he’s amazing. The things he can do. You wouldn’t believe how smart he is, proper genius. Yeah.”
They’d had it off in the Library, the three of them, Mycroft, Sherlock and herself. It was terrible. It was close to Sherlock’s time, everyone could smell that. It was putting all the Alphas on edge – it was never comfortable to find oneself experiencing the heat pheromones of a close relative. It made one hot and bothered and ashamed of oneself. Tempers ran high and Mycroft’s calm suggestion that they hear Sherlock out and then discuss it devolved into a shouting match in record time.
“John, please... I WANT you with me. Obvious! Too obvious – nothing would alert Moriarty’s people faster. They’d see us coming. They’d kill us both. I... I can’t have that. You have to be safe.”
John was moving towards the scent, moving fast to the beat of the music, before he even registered what he had smelled. Rationally, John knew he shouldn’t – he was due at hospital for a long shift following Dr. Mahon around the morgue. This rotation didn’t have a patch on the emergency surgery rotation last quarter, but John was going to be a surgeon, so that was natural. The morgue was quite interesting in its own way.
When they were finally done with him, Sherlock had stood in the shower for a half hour, scrubbing the dirt from his skin. When he emerged, Lestrade was there. He listened quietly to Sherlock's explanation for faking his death and leaving town.
Sherlock was willing to bet that if Moran discovered that he were alive, not only would he take his revenge on Sherlock, but he'd kill John, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade too – he'd carry out Moriarty's plan.
John smelled amazing – musky and warm – so familiar. He smelled like home. Like sex. Sherlock had never pressed himself against John like this, his body hot beneath his thin pajamas, the strength of his compact form taking Sherlock’s breath away. He felt a stirring in his groin, an awakening – and he felt a similar stirring in John...
“Show me.” John said impulsively. He buried his face in the crevice and licked Sherlock’s perineum, blew hot breath across his tightly puckered hole. Sherlock squirmed and groaned in pleasure. “Show me how you do it, get yourself ready for me.” He said, leaning forward to kiss Sherlock’s pale neck, inhale the scent of his tousled black hair. He pressed the lubricant back into Sherlock’s hand. He kissed the small of Sherlock’s back then sat up. “Show me.”
John concentrated. Yes! There – he could isolate Sherlock’s emotions from his own. His mate was outraged and fearful. John calmed himself again, shoving down his instinctive response. Sherlock was not panicked or in pain. Not right now.
But.... but... the excitement... the adrenaline... John had fallen in love with it long ago. And then he'd fallen for Sherlock, the man who had brought excitement back into his life... John had tasted the excitement on Sherlock's skin, smelled it in Sherlock's hair, in his perspiration, his arousal...
"I'M going to kill John." Angus asserted. "You can't save him this time – you're already dead, Sherlock."
"When I woke up in your arms." John said, squeezing Sherlock more tightly. "Seven months. I counted after you... when you were away."
Moran's hand dipped lower, moving across Sherlock's abdomen. "You think if I'm asleep you can leave?"
Mycroft’s breath caught, and red bloomed on his cheeks. Lestrade noticed that Mycroft was liberally freckled. It was adorable. “Won’t you be with your daughter tomorrow?”
“It’s been over a year since your friend passed.” She said. “You are beyond grief. You are depressed.”
He sounded more like himself. "You're starting to feel better." I said. "Good." I was vastly relieved.
Then Dusette was in front of him, patting his cheek hard enough that he couldn’t ignore it. “He’s in shock.” She said and Sherlock knelt next to her. God, he hated Sherlock!
"Who? Sherlock? A long time ago. Nothing for you to worry about, my darling boy." Victor kissed the boy deeply, reaching down to take hold of Gereth's erection.
I held him by the hips and rubbed my prick between his cheeks. It was leaking freely, damp and fat in his cleft. I reached around to stroke Sherlock’s erection again and found it firm and dripping. I rolled a condom on myself deftly and with another generous helping of lubricant, I placed the head of my cock against his hole and pushed deliberately.
Sherlock laughed. "You really are desperate, Bruno. You know you can't hope to compete with a superior mind..."
“No, of course I’m not.” Sherlock felt his Alpha’s relief, but John showed no sign of it. He still stood assertively between Sherlock and his brother.
He saw Mycroft relax infinitesimally and they both turned to Sherlock. For the first time, Lestrade fully understood the tragedy that had befallen the younger man — he had a new and vital understanding of exactly what he had lost.
Not that I was complaining! Night three in the hallway and I was grateful to have his – and alternately his partner, Staelich’s – company. (These were Staelich’s cards, she was a bit of a shark.)
Sherlock lifted his arm and dropped it on the Alpha's head, pistol whipping him viciously. The momentum of the blow carried Sherlock back down to the pavement, the impact stealing his breath.
But he thought a lot about their short time together as lovers - what it had felt like to be held so tenderly, to have John inside him, to watch John's face through his own lust-born myopia, to feel John's climax through the tension in his body, the way his big cock had, improbably, swelled larger, the heat filling his arse, John's almost pained cry and the shuddering of his chest under Sherlock's fingers...
“I’ll be gentle, I promise.” John pressed kisses against the Omega’s forehead. He tasted as sweet as he smelled.
We left not long after that, separating in the Underground with a quick hug to take different trains home – but not before I saw the compact form of Staelich trailing after Mary.
Sherlock looked her in the eye. She was trying to help, she'd helped him before – she was observant and really quite clever. "It doesn't matter." He said.
John was out of the flat right now, at physical therapy. As a bonded Omega, Sherlock was no longer dangerous – his heat would make Alphas uncomfortable, but he would never again inspire a violent riot with his pheromones. He had stayed home all the same, lounging on the sofa in languid comfort. Sherlock could feel his hormones curling through his groin, exciting his erectile tissues. After today, no one expected to see or hear from them for a week.
It was cold on the roof. We’d huddled together for warmth. For the second time in an hour, I had John’s body pressed against my own. It had been heaven. It had been torture.
The flat was posh – or it had been before a body decomposed on the sofa – with high ceilings and dark hardwood floors. The sofa faced a window wall, black now with the bright CSI lights pointed at the corpse. The decor was spare, masculine, but it was difficult to get a real sense of it with the dozen or so police and CSI – and all their gear – in the room.
John brought me a cuppa as the alert sounded for the second time. He picked up the phone and looked at her text. Then he put the phone in his pocket. He didn't answer her in front of me. I guessed that was the etiquette in these sorts of situations.
John moved like lightning. He was on her in an instant, slapping the gun from her hand into his own and turning it on her so quickly I wasn’t certain how he’d done it. I’d known John was highly trained in hand-to-hand combat, but this move surprised even me.
“Sergeant Jarhead? Doctor Leatherneck?” John taunted. “I suppose it has a nicer ring than Doctor Mengele. But you’re still a sick fuck.”
Finished with his email, John took a look at the news. He was scrolling through when he saw it – a headline pretty far down in the feed, it read "Genius' Suicide a Hoax? Sherlock Holmes has been spotted at a posh rehab center in Scotland."
He had no idea how good Sherlock was, but he sounded like a virtuoso to John. Even more marvelous was how the music reflected and intensified the emotions humming through their empathetic link.
"Ok... shhh... it's ok." I tried to settle him back down, but he was agitated and clung to my shoulders, wetting my shirt quite effectively. The flannel fell into the water and I tried to grab it... Sherlock pressed his lips against mine...
I told him I was seventeen – almost eighteen. I knew my real age was problematic, but I had no idea HOW problematic. What thirteen-year-old doesn't want to be seventeen already? And I worked at it... I was half convinced myself.
It was good, Sherlock told himself sternly, that John had someone he could talk to, who understood. Who could help him. Sherlock would simply have told John to stop being an idiot – perhaps he even had.
It was criminal that Sherlock was so desperate to bond with a complete stranger – that it was the only way to avoid bonding with someone he loathed. Someone who he was certain would hurt him. John would help him now, he’d bond with him, he’d be there for his heats – if Sherlock wanted him to be – and he wouldn’t ask for anything else. Except maybe a date. The man was out of his league, but it would be nice to get to know him in real life.
“I woke up on my right side. I don’t know how long I’d been unconscious or how long I’d been tied up. I managed to roll onto my knees but soon after I was put in a …a little hammock, on my back. After 20 minutes or so I was left alone and shifted onto my left side – I didn’t want to choke on vomit. And I didn’t want both hands underneath me.”
I was reading someone else's Omegaverse fic recently and it was CHARMING. I realized mine is sort of horrible and dystopian. Which seems about right coming from me.
Sherlock stretched out next to him, his hands warm on John’s hip, his lips pressed to John’s good shoulder. They had slept like this in hospital. The touch was very soothing.
Now John was finally in a cab, turning onto Baker Street for the first time since he’d been kidnapped by Moran’s men. It felt like years, not weeks. He was relieved and happy to be coming home.
“I do.” Sherlock admitted, finally looking me in the eyes. “I do. And I want you with me. But THEY WILL KNOW! John, what you have to do is so much harder. You HAVE to stay home.”
I watched him at the stove, his arse outlined nicely by the kimono-style dressing gown he wore. He’d painstakingly rolled up the long sleeves to keep them out of the frying pan.
It struck me suddenly that Cam had the unfeeling eyes of a psychopath. There was no comparison to Sherlock’s quicksilver gaze – when I looked into his eyes Sherlock couldn’t hide his vast wells of sentiment...
It had been five months since I’d left Sherlock in the Japanese hotel room. Mycroft had insisted there could be no more delay or the intelligence Sherlock had gathered in New York would be useless.
I fished out my phone and opened messenger. I grimaced. There were a dozen new texts from Mary. I gave Sherlock the phone.
I threw myself into preparations for America. It would take time to establish myself there and work my way into Moriarty’s organization. I practiced my accent and vocabulary – to avoid having to have a perfect American accent, I would pose as an émigré from the Czech Republic. Lapses in slang or customs would not be notable.
Greg roared — and Mycroft tittered. He prodded Lestrade with his foot. Lestrade grabbed Mycroft’s thigh and pulled. Mycroft slid to the floor next to Lestrade with a thump.
Sherlock ran down the fourth floor hallway and flung open the door to his bolthole. As soon as he entered, the door slammed behind him.
It was a short trip. The car stopped in an alley that I recognised – it was only a few blocks away from Baker Street, less than half a kilometer from 221. Sherlock opened the alley door with a key and led me in. “Mycroft has had every building with a sightline to our flat under surveillance.” Sherlock told me as we waited for the antiquated lift. “Mary Morstan has been spotted entering this building.”
Moran blinked and his astonishment turned to something else – covetousness. Desire. He WANTED Sherlock now. He was hooked.
And then John was there! Wonderful John, sliding into the chair next to him, putting himself between Sherlock and the sea of Alphas, squeezing his knee. Sherlock took a shaky breath and looked around.
“Oh god!” John cupped the young man’s face and pulled him into a kiss, savouring the outrageous lips, tracing the cupid’s bow with his tongue and nibbling on the full lower lip.
And then John would feel sad, his arms empty and cold. Sherlock had left him. Sherlock had hurt him. John was alone...
"He didn't know how." Sherlock explained. "Until he remembered that I had texted you. Then it took a while for him to remember your passcode."
I heard the street door open with relief. I was already sick of the woman's nattering. I didn't know how John could stand it.
Sherlock sighed. "I had a friend at University. And there's The Woman. I... I had – have – feelings for both of them."
Sherlock sipped his tea while he waited for John to finish with his boots. John stood up determinedly and shuffled forward but lost his balance almost immediately and caught himself on the tea table, jarring everything on it.
John rubbed his eyes – he was developing a headache. He had walked aimlessly through the corridors and now he found himself outside. It was brisk, the cold, night air making his lungs feel rough with every inhalation.
Google revealed that Sebastian Moran had been a Colonel in the British Army and had served in Afghanistan and Iraq before retiring. There were also several more recent mentions of Moran playing in poker tournaments, quite successfully. And he'd written a book that was now out of print.
For a second Mary looked startled – aghast – but her rage overtook her and she lunged at John, screaming. Before I could move to help him, John put his elbow in the way of her face. She hit it with force and staggered back. Mrs. Hudson, free from Mary’s grip, fled past me into the hallway. I heard her running footsteps on the stairs. She would call 999 from her flat.
The pit of Sherlock’s stomach twisted in fear and his mouth suddenly tasted like bile, but he smiled warmly, making sure the warmth reached his eyes, and nodded.
“I have to get used to kissing someone so tall.” I murmured, running my hands up under his shirt. He was lean, but (right now at least) he wasn’t too thin. His chest and back were hairless, I didn’t think he’d bother having it waxed, I assumed it was his natural state. I liked how he felt, so hard and unyielding, no hint of softness. His lack of breasts was... going to take getting used to. But the firm bar of his cock pressing into my hip felt good – and oddly, not strange at all.
Sherlock kissed me hard and palmed my cock through my jeans, the pressure divine. I moaned, letting him grope me. Then my fingers found the raised scar over his ear, traced it. I pulled back from our kiss. “Wait.” I said, pressing my hips into his hand despite myself. “Sherlock... we should –“
But Moran wasn’t finished. He grabbed Shane’s leg and yanked. Shane flung the gun away as he fell towards Moran. He landed on his arse and kicked at Moran’s strong arms.
After a moment I got up and followed him. He stood uncertainly by the table, holding the greasy paper bag.
This lesson stayed with me as I grew and learned sports and later combat. Always, always when faced with physical opposition, I became the wolfhunter
"I overheard Vic saying they should take a holiday, get away from the badgering. But Dad said he'd be damned before his own children drove him out of his own house. I actually felt kind of bad for Vic. He seemed pretty miserable. But he stuck by Dad. He would though, wouldn't he – knew what side his bread was buttered on."
Which meant he wouldn't be much help to Sherlock with his cases now. Because, come on, John had never been invited along for his brains. John was the muscle, the 'good cop,' the apologizer for Sherlock's excesses. And – with unfortunate regularity – the damsel in distress in need of rescuing.
“Oh!” She squeaked and pulled her coat tightly around herself, but not before I had the curve of her breasts in lavender lace seared into my brain. I hoped fervently that she hadn’t noticed – the very last thing she needed right now was to be ogled.
I’d forgotten Seb Moran’s compulsive use of rhyming slang. But if he had his gun pointed at the waxwork Sherlock’s head, this was almost over. I strained to hear what he was doing – then I heard it! The wooshing ‘ffft’ of a silenced rifle shot.
As he brushed by them, one of them – the Alpha, of course – bumped him. He hit the railing and it jarred his shoulder. John barely stifled his cry. Gunshot wounds bloody hurt! He was overdue for his pain medication – he’d walked out of the flat without even thinking about it.
Mycroft’s shudder carried seamlessly into Lestrade, and he fell over the brink into his own climax, feeling like he would burst. His entire body clenched uncontrollably, spasming, trembling. The jolts of pleasure electric — sparking over his skin, all hair on his body erect. The world was black, roaring in his ears…
"What happened here?!" John's distress and anger penetrated, he had my attention. "When I left, this kitchen was clean."
I wanted to weep – I NEEDED it! Didn’t he understand?! I was in pain! My entire body ached for it! My skin tingled unpleasantly and my stomach was cramping. I tried to stand up, but my limbs were clumsy and weak. Nazer yanked me up by my arm and I quickly suppressed my yelp of surprise.
Sherlock tried to take his hand again, But John pulled away. "I'm not in the mood right now." He said.
I traced his profile with my fingers. It felt like CENTURIES since I’d had that simple pleasure. “You’re wrong. Your nose is beautiful.”
“I was just leaving anyway.” Gereth asserted, standing up. “Cheers.” He said to me as he left the conservatory.
"No." Sherlock said, setting down his fork. "I was wrong – I was arrogant and I was wrong. I never should have left you. I let my fear guide me and I ran. I should have told you how afraid I was... talked to you... but regret is useless – I can't do it over, dwelling on it is ridiculous!"
He jerked his head towards the hallway, letting go the nurse's arm and followed the man out of the room.
Until Moriarty. After the aeroplane of the dead debacle, he’d realised the value of Moriarty’s obsession with me. We’d become partners conspiring against him. Equals. Mycroft’s trust in me had been... heady.
The bug transmitted their conversation to the receiver in my ear. I heard John’s voice for the first time since my ‘death’ when he’d tried to find my pulse as I lay on the sidewalk. I hadn’t thought about what I was doing to him then, I been so focused on keeping limp and still, keeping the squash ball in place, pressed tightly in my armpit, cutting off the heartbeat in that arm.
Then his text alert sounded and John's smile vanished. He let go of my hand and pulled his phone out. He glanced at the screen then put the phone back in his pocket. He rubbed his eyes tiredly. "I have to go out." He said. "After dinner."
I was overcome – with emotion. With lust. I could not get enough of his strong, sturdy body. I loved everything about it, from the callouses on his toes to the cowlick on his crown.... I loved the hair on his arse, the flex of his calve muscles, the ginger trail that led to his full, flaming red bush around his fat cock, the musky scent of his arousal, the sweet softness over his iron-like abdomen, the scars on his bad shoulder, the expressive lines on his wonderful face...
John scoffed, his eyes laughing at me. “You’re a professional.” He pulled his striped t-shirt over his head and I wondered if he had noticed me staring. “I can lend you a jumper. It’ll save your jacket, anyway.”
Sherlock had stepped in as a second parent to the little girl. John had let him — he needed the support desperately — and after eighteen months, Sherlock was as invested in the child as he was in John. Lestrade feared the detective was in for a world of hurt when John inevitably found another woman with whom to pair. Lestrade had heard John say, “A girl needs a mother.” More than once.
I knew what he wanted. I began to thrust into the tight crevice between his legs, the lotion easing my way. It felt lovely – and even lovelier when he began to suck on my neck, nipping at my collarbone then bruising my lips with his kisses. Now he gave me the urgent, hungry kisses I craved. I kissed him back, sloppy and demanding. My thrusts got harder and faster.
When they had wheeled a still-unconscious Sherlock into the room and installed him in bed, he managed to look both a thousand times better and shockingly awful.
John still had bruises all over his legs, faded now to sickly yellows and greens with a few dark purple spots. His abrasions were mostly healed, only the worst still scabbed over. The purple-black of the subcutaneous bleeding from his wounded testicles still stretched down the insides of his thighs, but it was beginning to break up and fade at the edges.
John looked shocked. "Jesus." He said. Sherlock reached out through their link, but John's feelings didn't make sense. He was frightened. "I need some air." He said, standing up and grabbing his coat.
“Always a risk, smuggler.” I swung up onto my bunk aware of the up-and-comer’s eyes on me. “Or maybe I’ll skin whoever tries.”
Moran screamed and dropped Dusette. He tried to turn around, but fell to the floor. Shane had shot him in the spine.
“Sherlock, you don’t have to worry about me. Not right now. Whatever you need to do now, know that I love you and I trust you. There is nothing I wouldn’t do for you. Come home when you’re ready. I’ll be there. And if there’s anything else you need, just let me know and I’ll come.”
But right now, Sherlock didn’t feel resentful. Laying his head on John’s shoulder, John’s arms wrapped around him, Sherlock felt… happy. Happier than he had ever felt in his life. And whilst that was partially his cursed biology, he knew he would not have been anything like happy after bonding with Jim Moriarty – or one of the other Alphas that had swarmed him in the alley. Or any Alpha of his acquaintance. Sherlock had never before met an Alpha whose scent had seemed right – whose scent had comforted instead of alarmed him. Even Mummy and Mycroft’s scents, gentled as they were by familiarity and blood, had notes in their leather-and-whisky coziness that had always made him wary.
'So what?' John thought. 'Leave me alone.' He didn't move. He stayed curled in on himself. Fetal. Self-protective.
Sherlock scrambled onto his hands and knees, then pressed his face to the couch, presenting himself to his mate. He felt John’s triumph through the empathetic link, felt the sparkling lust and the shimmering lights of deeper emotions…
Sherlock had taken a quick trip to his mind palace to look for references to ‘eugenics,’ when he heard someone coming. He quit the web browser, closed the laptop and darted behind the door just as someone came into the lounge outside the office.
, actually, what I’m worried about.” Lestrade said, picking up the blue bottle and sniffing it experimentally.
It felt like home, holding him. Suddenly my senses were filled with Sherlock – his scent, the solidity of his back under my hands, his face tucked against my neck... I loved him! God, how I loved him!
Normally, I’d stay as far as possible from the crowded, tourist-riddled intersection, but today I wanted the crowds. One thing being shorter is good for: disappearing in a crowd. I leapt from the cab onto the teaming sidewalks. I let myself be carried along until I saw one of the big purveyors of cheap fashion and ducked in. I stood, invisible, between the teeming racks for ten minutes, watching the door. I didn’t make anyone who might be looking for me.
I couldn’t even go after that maniac. He’d taken any justice I might have gotten, taken any hope of revenge, with him when he’d blown his own head off.
"Sherlock... " I stopped myself – he was sick and hallucinating, he obviously didn't realize he was telling me this. I shouldn't take advantage...
Sherlock nodded. He opened the back door and walked out into the daylight. He heard the door close and the bolt shoot home as he walked down the stairs and away.
I complied less grudgingly than usual – I could see that John was still worried about me and I wanted to put that to rest.
But the tender caress and kiss on his forehead – what was that? It wasn't friendly, it was caring. Loving.
I love him. But I hate him too. He's not the only one with new scars - he cut me deeper than I thought anyone could when he died. And deeper still when I discovered he had used me - and my foolish grief - for his own purposes. I don't know how to forgive him for that. I am just a another tool to be used.
“Sightlines. Taking Moran’s preferences from previous hits into account, Mycroft’s people calculated the best vantage point from this building. It’s flat 402.”
Eventually John’s head bounced off the brick wall and he took a punch to the solar plexus. His reflexes were slowing, the disco music was stuttering, John knew he wouldn’t last much longer. He would fall and be trampled underfoot with the other bloodied and broken defeated Alphas. Where were the police?!
“What?!” Sherlock didn’t realize he was speaking until it was already out of his mouth. Both John and the doctor looked at him disapprovingly. “Sorry. Sorry.” Sherlock said. “I just didn’t realize… I’ll shut up.”
The noise only got louder – there was shouting, commotion. It took so much energy, but Sherlock opened his eyes and looked up. He saw Lestrade, tan trench coat flying, fighting with two Alphas. Lestrade had blood all over his face.
I had an upper bunk, of course. I would have to earn a lower bunk, earn a place in a better room with fewer roommates.
“Not yet arrived, I’m afraid.” Mycroft said, looking ever so slightly alarmed at his brother’s vehemence. He glanced at Anthea who showed him the screen of her smartphone. “My team is still at the clinic. You’ll just have to wait, brother-mine.”
Sherlock stepped aside, noting the drain in the floor. The entire room must be slightly tilted towards the drain. Moran started dousing John, rinsing away the urine and filth. Sherlock saw John clamping his jaw closed – his returning circulation must be excruciating.
He slowed abruptly and stroked deliberately in and out then resumed his faster rhythm, savoring the strangled curse Sherlock flung at him. He leaned over and kissed Sherlock’s outrageous lips – Sherlock grabbed his face and held him there, kissing him like it was oxygen. John began a slow, hard thrusting and Sherlock’s eyes glazed over, he trembled and his arse contracted around John’s cock. “I don’t know...” Sherlock mumbled. “I don’t know how to do this....”  He came on John’s chest and his own with a look of surprise on his beautiful face.John’s heart broke with love.
It was an expression I recognized, but I was beginning to think I'd misinterpreted it for years. I'd thought it was Sherlock's discomfort with being touched – but knowing now that he was a sexual being, and that he was attracted to me, his guarded look took on new dimensions. I wanted to find out what was under it, banish that careful self-censorship, that fear. Unearth the joy and unabashed wonder of being in love.
Sherlock surprised him by slipping down onto his knees and grabbing hold of John's prick. He had the half-hard cock down his throat before John even knew what he was doing. (Sherlock had prepared himself meticulously, he knew he was safe from bacteria.)
“Yes. I liked his scent – I knew from his scent what you’ve all smelled, that he’d never hurt an Omega.” Sherlock looked around at all the faces, their hope, their despair...
“I know.” Sherlock said haughtily, but John felt the Omega’s affection and sleepy satisfaction through the link. Carefully he guided them until they lay on their sides, Alpha spooning Omega whilst the knot bound them together.
He didn’t make the mistake of thinking that he’d fooled Jim Moriarty. Sherlock waited until almost 3 a.m. before putting on his best disguise – old jeans and a canvas coat he’d cadged from an assistant gardener three years ago – and dousing himself in scent suppressant. He went out the window as he had so often when he was a teenager and climbed silently to the ground. Sherlock hiked several acres through the countryside before risking the road – he didn’t dare go for the train station, that would be the first place Mummy and Mycroft would look. Instead he hitched a ride on an early morning lorry, telling the not-overly-bright beta driver a story about going to see a sibling in London. He used an eastern European accent to cover his posh tones.
The entire time I berated myself for letting myself get distracted – allowing my anger and worry over Sherlock’s desperate state get the better of me. I forced myself not to blame the other soldiers – though why one of them couldn’t have simply shot the machete-wielding madman was a mystery. I could have been WITH Sherlock instead of fretting endlessly about him.
"You ruin EVERYTHING!" I shouted at Mycroft, aware that I'd never sounded more like a fourteen year old than right then.
) but both the Alphas on the ground grabbed her and pulled her down. Her martial arts training was not nearly as effective pinned to the pavement, but she managed a kick to the man’s gut before the stocky woman throttled her.
Lestrade carefully pulled out and disposed of the condom, tossing it into the bin and grabbing tissue. He eased himself down, next to the taller man, his lips ghosting across a damp shoulder.
It was Sherlock, I was certain. The long, lanky body, the pale skin, the large hands and dark curls... but the closer I got, the less he looked like himself: He was so battered and thin... I shuddered in horror, thinking he was dead already. He was kneeling on the floor his hands tied behind him, leaning forwards over an old weight bench, head hanging. He was strapped to the bench, held firmly in place prepared for execution – beheading apparently. I felt my gorge rise thinking about that brilliant head being violently separated from its body...
"It will have been before Mr. Jones was killed." I said. John didn't bother answering so obvious an observation.
The last time we made love... it was early in the morning. I got up to slash and when I got back to bed, Sherlock was awake – he always woke up when I did.
Then John’s hand slipped, and he scraped his wrist on the rusted metal. It sobered him enough to know that the Omega had done no such thing. John had helped him, twice now, and the Omega still needed help. John could and would protect him – from himself if he could, as well as any Alpha that got anywhere near him.
"Shane blamed me for the same reason I blamed myself – if I hadn't dragged you into my investigations, if I'd stayed away...."
In the morning he resisted returning to Kensington to watch John emerge from the posh three-flat with a skip in his step. Instead he went to the Pensioner's Hotel. He bathed and dressed again as the posh, older gentleman and went to keep his appointment with Moran's tailor. There he drew out a young apprentice and got him talking about Colonel Moran. The boy had hunted with his father as a youth and knew his way around a hunting rifle. Moran had told him stories about stalking prey in 'the jungle' – it sounded more like India or somewhere in Southeast Asia rather than Africa. Moran claimed to have followed a wounded tiger down a drainage pipe. He'd trailed it to a dead end offshoot and killed the mad beast as it tried to attack him. The other members of his hunting party had nicknamed him 'Tiger Jack.' He had the tiger's pelt as a rug by the hearth in his bed chamber.
The bell over the doorway rang and Sherlock looked up. John stood in the doorway! Sherlock froze in place, no thought in his head other than JOHN! He didn't think to bow his head or look away. John made eye contact fleetingly as he entered, making a cursory sweep of the room. Then John did a double take, turning back to Sherlock, staring. The door closed but he had stopped moving. The moment stretched – it felt like an eternity, looking into John's eyes, seeing his recognition, his pain ... his fury...
The doctor examined Sherlock's foot, found the injection mark. "Hmph." She stared at Sherlock's toes for a moment, deciding. "Capshaw, run a blood panel. Check for GBH." She told the first nurse. She turned back to John. "One of the chaps in the lab said something about suspicious deaths, GBH poisoning ... said a fellow had been in the lab looking into it..."
I felt so ashamed! I couldn’t even look at him. “I’ve been very selfish.” I told him softly. “It would have been kinder to let you think I’d died.”
"You aren't staying here." I saw it clearly in the twitch of his fingers and the shift of his eyes. "What are your plans?"
“But...” I wanted to say it was ridiculous, but it wasn’t. Not entirely. I hadn’t wanted people fussing over me after I’d been shot. I’d had a limited tolerance for mates ... but I didn’t have anyone I was close to, like Sherlock, then. We were partners. Weren’t we?
“Standing between you and everyone else like he’s been doing for the last few weeks. Hey, aren’t you supposed to be looking for a flat for the two of you?”
Mycroft sat heavily in the chair John had vacated. “He’s already seen you.” He said. “And you’re very mistaken if you think he judges you.”
“Yeah. Erm... “ I felt embarrassed – and suddenly worried I might give away too much. “What about you? Tell me about your bloke.”
Sherlock opened his eyes and was blinded by the brightness. He called out – was John really here? Or was he dreaming? But something was wrong with his voice. Something was on him, in him, feeding off of him, stealing his words, his breath... Sherlock clawed at his face trying to dislodge the parasite – the enemy had done this to keep him quiet. To kill him! But Sherlock wouldn't go easily, he struggled against the thing, choking...
“I‘ll put on a performance for whoever’s watching first.” I told him persuasively. “Take a couple of your books downstairs – as if I’d been looking for them, doing research up here. Make myself tea. Watch TV for a half hour. Then close the curtains and turn on the lights in the loo and the bedroom. When I turn them off, you can come down. We can curl up in bed together – our bed. They won’t suspect anything.” I could see Sherlock wavering. “We’ll both be safer.” I kissed him, felt him melt into me. “What do you say?”
John held me for a long minute. I knew he was going over and over it in his mind, trying to find the out that I couldn’t find. He slumped a little and I knew he’d realised there was no way out of this. No way that kept us both breathing. Presuming I could survive infiltrating Moriarty’s organization.
John shut his eyes and bit the inside of his cheek. ‘Protect!’ He ordered himself. ‘Protect him! They all want to take him from you!
Lestrade’s DI was at the scene, an Alpha male with an aura of calm, giving orders to his team, forensic techs weaving around them.
"Then marry me." The words were out before Sherlock consciously thought them. But he realized he meant it. He wanted to marry John.
Back in his room, he found socks and combat boots, which he laced and tied carefully, and a wool jumper that began to make him feel warm.
“Yeah. Vic wants to leave Wallog. Dad wouldn’t want that – he would HATE to know my brothers put him out. And I want him to stay! It’s lonely out here sometimes. Maybe I’m selfish, but it’s great having a friend close at hand. I’ve come to rely on him.” Anwen teared up. “I miss Dad so much... and Vic is completely torn up...”
Sherlock struggled to feel his own body. He found his pulse with frigid fingers, it was sluggish. He raged – his body was shutting down... dying... John was dying... oh god, that hurt worse than the sharp, drilling pain in his shoulder...
“John...” Mycroft had an inscrutable look on his face. “I reviewed the footage from your body camera.”
The chart had said the dead man was 54 – young to pass in his sleep. A compromised immune system in hospital was an invitation for opportunistic infection, but the man had been improving. He could have had a stroke or a heart attack or any number of things, but in critical care, that should be noticed before the loved one comes to visit.
If he was Moriarty... it shone a whole new light on Seb Moran. If they were lovers, he HAD to blame Sherlock for Moriarty’s death. (He and Mary both.) Moran would be obsessed with making certain Sherlock was truly dead. He was surely still watching me, even two years later.
Shane held his breath. The plan was that Moran would find Shane, Shane would make a fuss and Dusette would use the distraction to get the upper hand. She’d killed the other man, the guard, with a stiletto that appeared in her hand out of nowhere – she’d thrown it deftly and it had lodged in his neck. He’d bled out quickly.
More importantly, John would be disappointed. John would be hurt. More for the drugs than the sex, probably, but both would upset him. If he was still waiting for me
I wasn't in my twenties any longer, not by a few years, but surely I wasn't 'getting old' yet. I wasn't even forty!
Caressing Mycroft’s cock to ease the way. Lestrade shoved a third slick finger into him. “Ngh!” Mycroft pressed himself down onto Lestrade’s fingers and rocked slowly.
“Hey!” The man holding the purse saw me coming and pulled himself up to his full height belligerently and whipped out a knife. I didn’t stop my forward progression, didn’t pause at all. I blocked his knife arm and dropped him with a vicious uppercut.
Despite the evidence of police activity, the flat had an abandoned air. Dust was thick on the window sills and kitchen counter.
I returned to the conservatory. It had started to rain again. With the mist and the ocean, the whole world looked wet and gray.
“I don’t know if this will mean anything to you...” I said carefully. “But I watched Sherlock jump... I still can’t reconcile that with anything else – everything else – I knew about him. Two minutes before, I would have said Sherlock was the last person who would kill himself. But I saw him do it. I talked to him on the phone right before – he said goodbye...” My voice broke and I shuddered. (Even knowing Sherlock was alive, the memory of that moment still gave me nightmares.) “It makes no sense to me still.” I took her hand and she allowed me to hold it. “Mary, I’m not saying Marcas killed himself. I have no idea. I’m just saying... I understand. I have to believe Sherlock did it to himself because I saw it... but if I hadn’t seen it, nothing would have convinced me he wasn’t forced. Sometimes I still wonder...”
“If that’s what you believe, why did you throw him in my path?” Sherlock could see he was angry, and trying to mask it with irritation.
The Beta doctor from the infirmary ran towards them. His face was bruised and bloody, but all John could see was the gun in his hand. John shoved Molly behind him, thinking how glad he was that he’d got the other Omegas away from this evil person... the gun went off... Molly screamed...
“I’m fine.” I growled. “Where’s that backup?!” As if on cue, the front door burst open and gun-wielding men and women in bullet-proof vests flooded the room. I sat back, leaning against the side of the couch, and let Sherlock issue commands. Moran was cuffed where he lay and the rifle carefully laid in an evidence bag.
“Watch him!” John commanded, handing me the gun. He knelt and felt for the boy's pulse. "Heartbeat's strong." He nodded to himself. He stood up and turned back towards Anwen. "Watch him, Sherlock." He said. "Keep the gun on him."
I opened my mouth to speak… but I didn’t know what to say. I had nothing to say to Mycroft. I couldn’t look away from John. I wanted to go to him, but his expression kept me rooted to the spot.
She was right, the odds of John hitting her were close to nil – I’d been surprised he’d put his elbow into her face when she attacked him. She was a woman, attractive and petite, and she was at his mercy. It didn’t matter that she was Moriarty’s creature, not to John’s sense of honour.
"You'll heal. The bruises will fade, the swelling and pain will dissipate. The memory of what happened will grow dull and small."
But he's dead and gone these two years now. I have another life with another companion and I'm no longer so unhappy. Sherlock's lifestyle isn't one I could have maintained indefinitely. Could I? Could anyone? I still crave the adventure.
"I don't know. He told her the family was lucky it was her. He told me I'd been robbed. He told Selwyn that nothing was worse than being a younger son... who knows what he told Gereth."
“Everything’s helpful.” Sherlock replied, walking away. “You’ll have the contents of the skip at NSY tonight?”
This chapter contains multiple references to rape, gang rape, torture and drug abuse. If this is too disturbing, please skip this chapter.
There was a thump and a groan. I couldn't help but smile – I knew the sound of John being a bad-ass when I heard it.
But now… he had rank. If the scandal surrounding Sherlock’s ‘death’ hadn’t gotten him demoted, a boyfriend surely wouldn’t. Especially if the boyfriend was one of the most powerful people in the country.
If I had interpreted him correctly, I had to get to Chinatown by 4 p.m. – and make sure to lose anyone keeping tabs on me.
John turned into a narrow lane and Sherlock had to drop back. When he emerged, he looked around trying to find where John had gone. He saw two things simultaneously...
"Do you know how EASY it is to get heroin in London? Or here, for that matter - I could score on the way to the train station..."
“Hey.” John said gently. “None of that now.” He nuzzled the side of my head, caressing my fuzz lightly.
Sherlock nodded, pulling himself together. We grabbed the corners of the futon and laid it out in the center of the room. It was the size of a twin bed and only a few inches thick.
John was talking to him, his voice, so close, John's hands on his skin. Nothing was better than John's hands on his skin! Sherlock would swim would keep swimming would find the surface and John would hold him...
The early morning traffic woke me – it was light out, but dawn came early this time of year. John slept beside me and I took a moment to marvel at that. We’d slept together every night for the last three months, two weeks and four days – he’d all but moved into my bedroom – but I never wanted to forget how amazing it was. I had never expected to have this, have him. I never expected to have this happiness in my life.
“Yes.” I said, sitting up. “I would like a wash.” I smiled back at him and accepted the hand he extended to pull me upright.
Sherlock cried out piercingly, shuddering, his arms collapsing and his face falling into the mattress. John moaned loudly as Sherlock’s arse spasmed around his prick, contracting rhythmically. John recognised with wonderment that the Omega was orgasming,
Sherlock nodded, it was true. "Why did you go back in? To Moran's compound?" It bothered Sherlock that he hadn't seen that potential in Shane. Even now it was a mystery.
Anger surged up from my gut, tasting of bile. 'We were going to talk.' That's what I wanted to say. It was time – it was past time – for Sherlock and I to put paid to the promises exchanged at Wallog. But if Sherlock didn't care to, I certainly wasn't going to force him!
Finally... finally! I felt the muscles in his back unclench. His breathing calmed and his trembling stilled. I ran a hand through the coarse, dark curls gently. “Good?” I asked.
John looked like he would – but my traitorous body coughed, the fit overtaking me. Before I finished hacking up a lung, John had started for the kitchen, leaning heavily on his cane.
The smell was overwhelming. I was careful not to breathe through my nose – the Vick's hardly put a dent in the odor of human rot.
He woke after dark feeling logy and out of sorts. He checked his phone – no message yet from Dusette. Sherlock hadn't expected results so quickly.
Shane Bruno was sitting on the bumper of the lorry looking both terrified and impatient. One of Moran’s thugs was there, casually holding a gun. When he saw them approaching, Shane jumped up. “John!” He called, distressed.
"John..." He searched for the right words. "It's nothing... he – he thinks we're together! You and I."
"No. And I don't love him either. But I did. I know how you feel, Gereth. No one knows better than me." I started to move slowly around the folly, out into the open. "Did Victor tell you, my brother – my older brother – dragged me out of Victor's bed."
"No, you can't get sick too, John." I backed away from him, almost falling off the couch. "I'd best get to bed." I fled to my bedroom for a second time that evening, pressing myself against the closed door. My neck burned where his mouth had been, I wanted him so much! If only he hadn't smelled of her...
I have always found Mycroft’s tunnels to be incredibly useful. And Mycroft to be exceedingly stingy with allowing me to use them.
"I'm not 'looking at slides,' John. I'm examining the micro fray patterns of threads of different materials."
We were in bed together – en flagranté – when Mycroft burst into Victor's flat. He was an old man even then, Mycroft, in his fussy suit, though he was three years younger than Victor.
They circled each other. John studied her for weaknesses... she was taller than he with a few extra inches of reach, but at least she didn’t outweigh him. As a male, he should have superior strength – but her training could negate that.
Sherlock perked up. "Yeah, she makes those for him." John said pointing at Sherlock. "She knows I don't like sweets."
Then, as he wrapped Shane in his arms, John caught sight of the magenta-scarred stump and his happy tears changed to tears of frustration and pain. For twenty minutes he'd completely forgotten about his disfigurement – he'd felt normal. He had flexed his fingers, all ten of them, whilst they'd wrangled. Forgetting wasn't a gift – it was twice as painful to remember.
I left him soon after. Where was John? I needed John. He hadn’t answered my text. I hoped he’d be in my bedroom.
Ianto handed me a hat, and I pulled it over Sherlock's soaked curls, then pulled the windbreaker’s hood over it. It took long minutes to get Sherlock fully into the coat and fasten it up, Victor holding Sherlock’s cloth coat over him, sheltering him from the worst of the storm, the whole time. I wrapped the space blanket around his waist, covering his legs to the knee, then we got his sodden wool coat on over the windbreaker. He was soaked through, but the windbreaker would keep his body heat in and the wool coat, wet as it was, would provide some warmth.
I got dry clothes for myself as well. He put his pajamas on then sat back down. He watched me change without comment.
I’d had the curtains drawn tightly in 221b since the dinner party – I didn’t fancy Seb Moran staring at me through his rifle’s scope. But the longer he was out there, the harder it became to quell my fears – I found myself pulling the shades closed at work and wanting to check over my shoulder every three steps when I walked outdoors. I fantasized about him staring at my heat signature in the flat through an infra-red scope...
Sherlock and I had been given adjoining rooms again – adjoining rooms said ‘we don’t know if you’re a couple or not, sooooo...’ On one hand, I appreciate the thoughtfulness. On the other, WHY DOES EVERYONE THINK SHERLOCK AND I ARE TOGETHER!?
That was her undoing. Moran lunged with the knife and she whirled aside, swinging her knives towards his belly when his left fist slammed into the side of her head. She staggered and Moran dropped his blade and grabbed her wrists, he slammed them down on the bench, doubling her over backwards, until she dropped the little blades. Then his hands were around her neck, squeezing. She was choking and grabbing at his big hands ineffectually…
“They’re dead, sir. You ki–.... they’re dead.” I looked where he pointed and saw the ginger executioner was indeed dead, lying against the wall, his head bashed in beyond recognition. The hawkish man lay at my feet, a bullet hole between his glassy leering eyes.
“Everything on this ward is my business.” She said. “Whilst I commend your stamina, Dr. Watson, you've been badly injured. It might be time to take a few days off the shagging, use that energy to heal."
Sherlock went to the hip-height platform and hopped up to sit between the stirrup restraints. Moran couldn't tear his eyes away. Sherlock swung his legs and leaned back on his hands invitingly. He still wore the old, paint-stained jeans and jumper of his artist’s disguise, but they were both form fitting and the blue of the jumper complemented his eyes.
But John had other ideas. He shook off his lethargy and kissed me with growing passion. He rolled on top of me, stroking my face and my sides. His weight felt wonderful. I wrapped one of my legs around him and he moaned as he kissed me.
He staggered to his feet, using the side of the van for support. Sherlock secured the gun's safety and reversed it in his hand, holding the barrel. He launched himself desperately at the larger of the two Alphas, the woman, and clubbed her with the butt of the gun.
He turned to me with utter dread on his face. “Moriarty... Moriarty is obsessed with me. If he knew – if he even suspected – how much I love you, he would kill you. John, I can’t let that happen.”
John felt the tears spilling down his face. He didn’t deserve either of these men. They were so good to him and in return John was a complete wanker. He sat down on the toilet and hugged himself, huddling down self-protectively, his stump carefully cradled in his right hand, and cried.
Shane nodded. “I’ve wanted to see Sherlock – see you both – work firsthand.” Shane began slowly. “Depending how this turns out, it could be an interesting short story. Maybe even a book. If that’s OK with you both, of course.”
I strode to the kitchen and pointed my gun at the floor behind the kitchen island. Empty. Noting the closed door adjacent, I walked past it down a narrow hall to the bedroom. I made certain no one was behind the bed or in the closet. I noticed the tidy military rucksack on the floor next to a rifle case (and the military corners on the made bed) and how they contrasted with the clutter on top of the highboy.
"Oh yeah. Asked about his stupid cars. Pet his dogs. Flirted with Bess. Flirted with both of 'em, really. Not that G noticed. Dad did the peerage a service, giving the title to Anwen. G is hopeless if he can't ride it, drive it or shoot it."
I caught sight of a prone figure on the far side of the room. I worked towards him, announcing my intention into the microphone I wore on my collar. I heard the Sergeant send backup with me, but didn’t wait for them.
John really did have to free himself, and quickly. This man – Moriarty, his name was Moriarty – his motivations could only be nefarious. John couldn’t help but panic a little, feeling the loathsome, nauseating touch in his hair again.
"I'm shocked, John." Mariah said, leaning close to kiss me in a rather friendlier greeting than I was comfortable with. "You have mates OTHER than Sherlock."
I cupped his face as I kissed him. I pushed my fingers up remembering his beautiful curls ... his stubbly hair was coarse and strange, muscle memory wanting to fist a handful of black waves.
Lady Anwen intervened. "Let me apologise for my brother, John. He's been a worthless twat his entire life."
I expected the shower to be sexual – it was when we’d bathed together at home. And this shower was decadent, it was an entire room, jade green marble with a strip of mirrors at chest height. A drain in the floor that was subtly tilted so water wouldn’t pool or spill out the glass door. Three shower heads, a large one over our heads, two others that were moveable. There was also steam, if one wanted it, and a soaking tub to one side that I had enjoyed my first night here.
It was full dark, John waited for his eyes to adjust, to be able to pick out the shapes of the windows and the bed... but there was nothing.
“Oh yes, I’m fine. I have a favour to ask – ANOTHER favour...” She stumbled over the words. “I am so grateful, you know, so please say ‘no’ if this is asking too much.”
Then I remembered – John! I was in a safe house in London and John was here! I laid back in relief. It took a moment to calm my breathing, to flush the adrenaline from my system.
He thought Sherlock and I were together too. For once I didn’t protest – I was still trying to assimilate Sherlock in love with the Sherlock I knew.
A nurse appeared. “Not feeling so good?” She asked, cleaning up his vomit as John retched again and again. There was nothing left in his stomach, but he couldn’t stop retching. He retreated into himself as his body continued to convulse helplessly.
Mycroft heaved a sigh. “I went to Tallinn, following a lead from the brothel. I took apart a drugs smuggling scheme he had there, but Moriarty slipped the net.”
"I don't want to lose you either." John said passionately. He loved the feeling of Shane's strong arms around him, the way his head fit against the taller man's neck. It was so comforting. "I just don't know why you'd WANT to stick around. As much as I don't want to, I love him."
Sherlock looked at his hand almost surprised to see the cigarette there. “I don’t know. Here.” He gestured at the room.
“Once I began recognising the pattern, I began to see it other places – Moriarty’s fingerprints, his signature, is all over the drugs trade. He controls it and almost no one knows it – not the cartels, not the police, not Interpol or the D.E.A., no one.”
"Different than what he did to you. We went to his bedroom – he had the skin of a tiger he'd killed there as a rug. We lay down on it... his touch made my skin crawl... he played games, seeing what I'd let him do... he undressed me and himself and pushed me onto my stomach. He was going to do it... I was trying to prepare, but it was all I could do to hold still... he was just getting started..."
"Oh, you don't know him! I'm sure he hasn't lost any sleep over it. Probably wants to move back in like nothing happened. Like the last two years never happened!"
“Tell me,” John said. “How you knew all that stuff about me.” He was balanced on his elbows over Sherlock – he had wanted to make love face-to-face this time, and it had been so intimate, seeing Sherlock’s eyes and his expressions – as well as feeling his emotions through the empathetic link. It had been perfect.
I couldn't share him, I knew that now. I'd thought I could. I'd thought that there wasn't a deal I wouldn't make if I could have John... but the thought of him with his girlfriend (any girlfriend) turned my stomach.
“You’ll be one of the guests.” She said. “I’m Lyn, the cook.” She’d been eating her own breakfast, but got up immediately. “You’ll be wanting coffee?”
Instead I made small talk, answered questions about Afghanistan, attempted to interpret Seb’s rapid-fire rhyming slang, and endured Cam giving a toast. “To Mary’s hero, we cannot express how grateful we are to you, John.”
I felt ill, brunch heavy in my gut. It was suddenly perfectly clear: John would leave me, perhaps not today, but soon...
Sherlock’s stomach twisted, but he smiled at Moran and pulled the jumper and t-shirt together off over his head.
I ordered a Lagavulin and grudgingly ponied up the inflated price. I carried it back towards our table – and walked straight into Officer Vaachaspati. “John!” He said, clapping my shoulder like we were old friends. “I haven’t seen you in an age!” His hand slid off my shoulder to rest on my back.
Sherlock then went to the British Library and found Moran's book in the stacks. He'd written it subsequent to leaving the Army. "Heavy Game of the Western Himalayas" was the result of several hunting trips in that area. It was a duller read that Sherlock would have liked, but it provided insight to the man's character. He relished stalking his prey and he was very good at it. He stated in the book 'Once a creature is in my sights, I will bring it down, usually with a single shot.'
Walter nodded and it was obvious he thought he had found a way to 'crack' me. "It's important to you, this relationship?"
“I'm a trauma surgeon.” John said in a voice devoid of emotion. “Do you have a prosthetic for that?”
"You had the BEST pickup line I've ever heard." Ravi said. "Our eyes met and you walked over and said 'I can suck your cock better than your boyfriend.' So I took you home. And you did." Ravi winked at me again. "It was a pleasure to meet you Doctor Watson. Sherlock." He nodded at me and strolled away.
John came home late – but not as late as I expected. I was back on the couch watching telly when I heard him on the stairs. As soon as I saw him, I could tell he was pissed. He came right over to me and sat down, still wearing his coat. It was cold and his nose was red.
He could be tailing John's boyfriend Sherlock couldn't rule that out. In fact, he rather LIKED that scenario. Rest assured, Sherlock would investigate this 'boyfriend' thoroughly.
Intelligent boy. "What is he like, Colonel Moran? I only know him from the card tables where he's cool and quiet."
For all that, he was tight, his inner tissues gripping him, contracting around him delightfully. Sherlock seemed to have been made for him. The Omega squirmed happily and rocked himself back and forth, enjoying John’s prick thoroughly.
“Shoulda kept my coat on.” Lestrade remarked, shivering. He wasn’t certain if it was cold in the office or if, now that he was safe, he was suffering from shock.
"Look between his toes, between the first and second on his left foot. Run the blood test – what can it hurt? He should have activated charcoal..."
I pushed the kimono off his chest and sure enough, the barbell was gone from his nipple – though it’s large hole was clearly visible.
“Thank you, Dr. Watson, now shut up. I adore THESE.” I caressed his firm biceps – then pushed him onto his back. “This muscle is gorgeous!” I said, dipping my head low on his abdomen, touching my lips to his left side where he’d stretched and flexed as he lay. “And this one... and this one...”
“Erm... not so good. Totally my fault. He must not think too kindly of me right now. I’ve been meaning to apologise...”
John was alive. Sherlock sensed his wildly careening dreams – they played out in his mind, more real than his own discomfort, than the chill that invaded his core... his father was drunk. John's father was always drunk. He screamed at John... Alphas came to the house, strange Alphas. Arrogant Alphas. John had presented less than a year before and these Alphas invaded his territory! John faced them steely-eyed... His father shouted at him – John was little again, just a child – "You stupid little shite! Good for nothing shite!" He hit John, backhanded him to the floor. John was only six, but he fought back and his father punched him in the gut. He lay on the kitchen floor gasping desperately for air... Molly, tiny and young, struggling against the strange Alphas, she bit one, drawing blood. John tried to help her, but the strange Alphas held him back. He struggled and fought with all his might... but he could not get free... Molly with blonde hair and John’s blue eyes, battered and slack, with a leather contraption strapped around her neck and upper arms... an army of Mollies all battered and slack, cringing from John’s helping hand. Never good enough... "Good for nothing little shite!...
“Let me finish.” I told him gently. “I love you, Sherlock. Right now, you need me to wait. So I will wait. I will wait as long as it takes.”
“Over a year – fifteen months or so, I guess. It still feels like yesterday. I didn’t realize HOW important that friendship was… we worked together, we lived together. Half the time I took care of him, the other half I made excuses for him… but it was… really great. I feel like the most interesting parts of my life died with him. And I found myself alone again.”
Sherlock blossomed, gained animation and vibrancy. He nipped my bottom lip in the way he knew drove me wild. His hands grew bold, rubbing my back, gripping my arse, stroking my chest and my thighs, and finally ghosting across my awakening cock.
John took Sherlock's hand in his own and kissed it. "You are gorgeous." He said and stood on tiptoe to press a kiss to his mouth.
John plunged his tongue deep into Sherlock's mouth, taking his breath away with the kiss. How had he lived without this?! Sherlock wrestled John's jockstrap down his hips freeing the steel rod it had tried to contain. His hands were on it, fisting it's length, exposing the tender glans, smearing the dampness on the head, swirling it around and around the velvety flesh. He wanted to taste it, swallow it down...
"No..." John paused. "But I need to practice... If the fight had been longer... he easily could have taken advantage of my handicap."
Sherlock smiled humorlessly. “Staking me out like a goat?” He asked. Sherlock curled first one and then both of his long legs around Moran’s waist and pulled him closer, then leaned as far forward as he could with his wrists shackled behind him. His lips just buzzed Moran’s.
That afternoon Sherlock knew John had physical therapy. His therapist, Antoinette, had instructed him how to care for his stump, how to clean and bandage it. How to reduce swelling. During the appointment, she would massage his arm and shoulder first, then put him through strengthening exercises for his left arm – couldn’t let it atrophy. She always wanted to know about his pain and tried to help him manage it.
"Yes. It was ... wonderful... to see her again. I'd missed YOU so much, I hadn't thought about Mrs. Hudson – or Lestrade, or Molly. But I've missed everyone. Even Mycroft to a certain extent.
He wasn’t in the brothel. He remembered the office, downloading files, hiding behind the door... then the sudden, agonising pain...
“Clearly.” Sherlock shifted his legs, restless now, but unable to separate himself from John. “We haven’t been able to find him, John. We’ve been taking his syndicate apart, Mycroft and I, destroying it... but Moriarty himself is nothing more than a rumour. A whispered name. A voice on the phone. He’s smoke… vapour…”
In the bath, I helped him lie back and wet his hair, then I rested a cool flannel on his forehead and over his eyes. I kept a hand under his neck – I wasn't confident he wouldn't go under.
I laughed without humour. “She offered to finish the job.” I fingered a raised scar high on my thigh.
She scribbled on her papers. “I’m recommending more balloon therapy and massage and we’ll get started on volt therapy later this afternoon. All right? Dr. Moon will be by shortly to discuss your other injuries. I’ll check in on you later, Dr. Watson.”
But he didn’t. Not really. Sherlock had walked willingly into a sadists arms – and stayed there without protest – to get John out of this hellish place.
John stared her down. Lately he hadn't cared much what anyone wanted – he'd submitted without comment. But tonight he was irritated. It gave him the energy and purpose he'd been lacking. "No." He said. "Not tonight. I'm done."
“You have before you the only person who could conceivably fill the void that Jim left and you decide to kill him?” Sherlock sighed. “I thought you’d be more interesting. But you’re just as boring as everyone else. What DID Jim see in you?” Sherlock gestured with irritation. “Get on with it then.”
They had gone out of their way to find the boy an especially compatible bondmate and he was throwing it in her face.
I felt my face grow hot. I turned back to my task, aware of Sherlock’s eyes on me. I finished rinsing the spoons and set them out to dry before I looked at him again.
“All right. It’s all right.” I said soothingly. He moved restlessly to the door. I got up and donned my dressing gown and followed him to the stairwell. “Kiss me.” I said.
“Oi, John! Duberstein reckoned I needed to ‘explore causes of death’ and Dr. Mahon suggested this Trevor*, so I’m down ‘ere doing postmortems. What are you doing ‘ere?”
“Bloody hell.” No wonder he hadn’t returned my texts! I wasn’t hungry any longer. “I should go look for him.” I stood up thinking of the torrential rain.
“It’s not curiosity!” I protested, reclaiming the laptop. “Moriarty’s people will be watching John, looking for me, looking for any indication that I’m not dead…”
“Mm.” John felt the spark of excitement the visit from the night nurse had engendered begin to fade. He was starting to feel heavy again, as if amputating his hand had added ten stone to his body. This strange agreement between Shane and Sherlock – it was convenient not to have to think about hurting someone’s feelings, not to have to think about what he was going to do with the two men he loved…but really, it didn’t matter. Nothing mattered anymore.
I’d eased out from under the desk and was crouching behind the couch. I sprang up, and barreled into Moran, tackling him to the floor. He swung the rifle, trying to bring the butt down on my head – but it was an awkward angle, with me half on top of him. I parried the blow with my forearm, feeling the crack in my bones as the gun connected. I got myself upright, straddling him, my handgun pointed at his face, safety off, finger on the trigger. Moran froze.
"You didn't." Sherlock assured me. I smiled at him in the mirror. He tentatively smiled back and kissed the side of my head. I leaned back against his chest and his arms encircled me. It felt right, if still a bit strange. "I liked hearing you whistling."
I liked the way the bed smelled. Familiar. If I closed my eyes and drifted, Sherlock could be laying next to me. He could have just gotten up to make tea to bring back for us to drink together.
"He didn't have to I could see it in his face." John scoffed. "Of course he knows! One look at us together and he'd know." John sighed. "When you meet him – ignore everything he says. He was always a twat to my girlfriends."
"Sherlock?" He wasn't answering so I opened the adjoining door. I'd missed him – his bed was empty and his pajamas were flung over a chair.
Shane’s eyes, round with shock, had not left the nurse since he’d entered the lift. Now they flicked questioningly to Sherlock.
Lestrade stomped groping fingers that wanted to latch onto his ankles. They quickly made their way to the side butted against the wall, putting the mass of the skip between themselves and the encroaching mob of infected.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. He longed for John. The crime scene had been a momentary distraction, but now the cranky-itchy-lonely feeling was back. He looked sideways at the policeman and noticed him wince. “Headache, Lestrade?” Sherlock asked pointedly.
Sherlock wept joyfully. He scented John, pressing his nose to his Alpha’s neck as John bathed in the pleasure of his Omega scent. His mate was experiencing his honey smell as a drenching rain shower – his own summery scent overlaying it caused John immense satisfaction and arousal.
Jim had watered down Sherlock’s scent suppressor knowing full well that if Sherlock tried to use it, it would fail and cause every Alpha within scenting distance to swarm him. Jim had done it knowing that Alphas would injure and kill each other and that Sherlock himself was unlikely to survive.
John’s door finally opened after 29 minutes thirty-eight seconds. Both Shane and John came out, holding hands and murmuring together. They walked past Sherlock to the door and he heard them kissing.
"I won't be late." He said. John waited a moment but when I didn't answer, he sighed and stumped down the stairs.
"My legs hurt, my feet, that's a good sign." John was clearly trying to gain control of his distress. "I don't know how long he left me like that. If it was too long... the flesh will die and they'll have to amputate...oh god…"
“There are others.” Sherlock assured him. “But don’t let anyone pressure you into bonding with someone you don’t like. Not even Mummy – especially not Mummy! That isn’t the price of living here.”
“There!” Lestrade pointed — a fire escape. “If we can move that skip underneath, we can reach the ladder!” Up was good. The infected had trouble with up.
“Well... what do we know about him? He was army... maybe someone he served with has seen or heard from him?” I warmed to this idea. “And there are any number of bases – and barracks! – in and around London. I could make some enquiries...”
Everyone was stunned – myself included. But I made myself smile. "It's OK. He doesn't like to eat much when he's working." I even sounded lame to myself.
There was also a coat room that held many of the family's coats, jackets and boots – I wished I'd raided it before starting out on the Cliffside Trail the day before. A small toilet with a stall shower and well stocked linen cupboard was adjacent to the guest room, but available to all. Behind that was another staircase leading to the second floor.
Sherlock shrugged for Shane's benefit and stalked past John into the bedroom. He could hear John talking to Bruno, something along the lines of 'I expected better from you.' Sherlock ignored it. He tied his shoes and found the rest of his clothes. He put on the bloody tie, the waistcoat and the jacket. He wasn't going to put the whole disguise back on, he'd go out the back...
"Sherlock..." I said, eager to reassure him, convince him that what he desired so much was his. "Sherlock –"
“Terribly. She moaned and whinged constantly. She was an athlete you know. She would never have been able to complete at an elite level again. She cried herself to sleep every night.”
It would be so easy to ring the bell and go into the dealer's flat and buy an eight-ball. He could do a line or two right there in the flat and everything would feel RIGHT again. He would be the Sherlock that didn't have inappropriate feelings for his flat mate. The Sherlock that didn't care about anything but his work, about being right!
Now John could watch his watcher, perhaps even learn more about his intent. At the very least, he'd be wary.
John pulled back the blanket and swung his legs over the side. "There are gloves, saline and syringes in that drawer, can you bring them? No not that syringe, the bigger one – no, I don't need a needle." John said standing up.
“Ugh... I really am... enough about me. I’m sick of me. How are you, Mary? Tell me something interesting.”
If the tower is Sherlock and the dark walls and shadows his enemies, is John the happy, well-lit village surrounding the tower?
But the feeling that lasted was distress – Sherlock had been gone for almost fourteen months! What was he doing? Was he undercover? Was he in danger? Was he even alive? I worried about him constantly.
John came twice more inside Sherlock before his knot receded enough to allow them to uncouple. But even after he was able to separate himself, John held tightly to his Omega for long minutes.
"Cool is a good description, sir. But I think he's more than just 'cool.' It's not just a stiff upper lip, he's... I hate to say 'cold,' sir, but I think that's right. He can be gregarious, like when he told me about the tiger, and he's always polite. But that's just on the surface. Underneath he's ice. And he looks at everyone like... like they're potential prey and he's sizing up their vulnerabilities."
Moriarty had used him against me once already. He would again, given the chance. I couldn't allow that. What wouldn't I do to protect John?
Ianto led the way and Victor brought up the rear, keeping me – the least experienced – between them. I couldn’t stop thinking about how long Sherlock had been out in this weather – seven hours! Whilst I was sitting around listening to Gereth air his prejudices, Sherlock was out here freezing…
“I do.” I agreed and kissed him. It was slow and very sweet and if I had let it continue I wouldn’t have been fit to be seen in public.
He was doing well, reportedly. Healing from his surgery and his many wounds. He’d needed two more treatments for the body lice (along with radical removal of all linens and pyjamas) but now they were eradicated. His fever was gone, the sores and infections drying up. The peritonitis had responded to the antibiotics – as was the gonorrhea he’d contracted.
Three more medical personnel ran into the room. One, with a brisk, "step back, sir," took over chest compressions and John sagged gratefully into a corner. The first nurse was prepping Sherlock for intubation and a doctor was pulling over a crash cart that the fourth had rolled in.
Lady Anwen went to hospital as well, though she refused the ambulance. She’d caught some buckshot in her shoulder and cheek – she was bloody, but very lucky that nothing had hit anything vital. She asked Geraint to drive her, a detective riding with them to take her statement.
Sherlock had not been able to explain it to Mummy or Mycroft – Alphas themselves, they didn’t smell what he smelled. To them, Jim’s scent was virile, successful. To Sherlock it was diseased.
“I got myself onto her team – I needed the access she had. And through her I met Charles Augustus Magnussen – a thoroughly repulsive human being. He enjoyed playing games with governments, corporations... people’s lives. They called him ‘The Librarian,’ but he was so much more than that. He was the keeper of all the organization’s records – every person who ever worked for Moriarty, every scheme discussed, every crime committed – everything. He also kept vast amounts of information that could be used as blackmail, as a pressure points...
“Yeah. During the trial, Moriarty’s picture was everywhere. The clerk asked Noble about it. Noble told him that the crimes, the trial, that it was all a job – an acting job.”
I was relieved when Sherlock woke, more so when he spoke. I didn’t mind being sent from the room, not at first. Not until Mycroft joined me. I had expected to return to Sherlock’s side, to care for him.
Sherlock stood stiffly and walked to the door. He didn't look back. He opened the door, walked through it, closed it behind him and leaned on it – he was both drained and wired. And confused.
I didn’t end up incorporating it, but I was thinking that John’s sudden disappearance would be a red flag if he was indeed being watched. Mycroft, of course, had a story ready: John had to take his drunken sister to rehab on the spur of the moment. Harry actually DID end up in a Scottish rehab centre, and John was helicoptered to Edinburgh and put on a train back to London. An operative of Mycroft’s handed John an overnight bag with clean pants in it – something John would have really appreciated in the hotel!
I hadn’t deduced why yet. Vino didn’t want me – he’d been the first to fuck me and he hadn’t shown any particular interest beyond making sure it hurt. If he wanted me, he’d have me. I’d be in one of his cells, not Nazer’s. Nazer wanted me, that obvious. He was even, occasionally, tender with me, stroking my ribs and legs where the caning hadn’t ripped my flesh. Sometimes he instructed me to kiss his neck and chest (never his mouth, HE wasn’t a fag).
"Enjoy your dinner party." Sherlock said – neutrally, he thought. But John gave him an irritated glance as he left the flat.
Sherlock pushed my door open and stood in the frame. "I, erm, made dinner." He said. "If you're hungry."
We did end up ordering dinner – or rather, I ordered and waited for it while Sherlock spent a sinfully long (even for him) time in the bath.
Mycroft's voice was perfectly calm but he gripped his umbrella handle so hard his knuckles turned white . “The photos… they aren’t just of you and John this time.”
Shane didn’t answer right away but his mouth tightened just slightly. The shower stopped abruptly and they could hear the sound of the curtain rings sliding across the bar.
"This isn't casual for me, Sherlock." I said to him. "I don't think it is for you either... but I need you to tell me so." I ran my fingers lightly over his chest, snagging on the warm metal barbel bisecting his nipple.
Everyone looked up, taking in the tall Omega and his unobtrusive Alpha. Sherlock knew they were tasting his new scent and staring at John. They all knew about the riot – several of the uniformed Betas had been there. Seeing the bondmates now set them abuzz.
“My brother.” Sherlock growled, and John felt the complex turmoil through their link take on a new flavour.
John hastily typed 'Terrence Blymore GBH' into google. And, yes! There it was: Taz HAD died of GBH poisoning as well. The two deaths were investigated jointly and though they didn't say why, police did not think the men had overdosed themselves either purposely or accidentally.
John groaned and grabbed his Omega, arms encircling his chest and pulling him up into his embrace. He cradled the beautiful man against his chest, gentling him, petting his wild hair and kissing the sweat from his neck. “So lovely.” He crooned. “So sweet.”
Her lower lip trembled. “Just jabs... they... they tied me down, I couldn't move, I couldn't stop them... then they gave me something and I couldn't stay awake.”
Then they were standing up, Lestrade steadying them both with his hands. Mycroft’s eyes were round and amazed and Lestrade could not tear his gaze from the other man, off the solid, grassy-green smudge along Mycroft’s jaw.
I knew he’d been beaten. I knew he’d been tortured in myriad ways – whipping, water-boarding, pummeling with fists and bars of soap in socks, burning him with cigarettes, withholding the drugs to which they’d addicted him, breaking his fingers and rupturing his spleen. I knew he’d been violated over and over, infected with gonorrhea and body lice. I’d seen him in the prison, kneeling filthy and shirtless on the block awaiting his execution.
“Don’t come any closer.” Mary warned, shoving the barrel of her gun against Mrs. Hudson’s already bruised ribs. “Or I WILL shoot her.”
"John is... John is wonderful. He's the bravest and strongest person I've ever met. He makes me better - better at my work, better at life, and just... better." Walter's probing aside, I found that I liked talking about John. "We were friends first - we got on right away. We... we laughed together. I'd always been alone, always expected to be, but suddenly there was this person I could depend on. He was there when I needed him... always ... It was intoxicating." I smiled to myself caught up in the memories. "I tried not to fall in love with him. I thought it would be hopeless - he always maintained that he was straight. And I'd always kept my private life very separate. But I've never known anyone like him. I didn't want to love him, but I did. Of course I did. When he found out how I felt... I hoped he could set it aside and continue our friendship... I never dreamed..."
And excepting how empty the flat felt without Sherlock. It was fresh again, the ache. The loneliness. I tried not to let myself hope too much that he would be in Baker Street with me in as little as four or five weeks.... but it was hard to suppress the thrill of joy every time I thought about it.
I would have to cut his bonds. I felt for my knife. I wanted to hold him, pick him up in my arms and carry him out of this hell hole. I started to saw through the first rope.
however misguided his actions. Was this scheme of Mummy's – to throw a soiree to introduce the 'respectable' Alphas to the rescued Omegas – misguided? He didn't know. Many of the Omegas had expressed a desire to bond in the abstract. Perhaps this was the best way to give them the opportunity. But he was deeply distrustful of his mother's motivations... and Mycroft... he was embracing the scheme wholeheartedly, vetting the young Alphas himself, putting them through rigorous checks... but he had approved of Moriarty. Had he learned enough from that experience to be trusted?
Then, with unexpected violence, Sherlock was slammed face first against the door. He barely had time to turn his head before the hard wood slapped his cheek. His arm was twisted up behind him painfully – and he realized John had done to him what Sherlock had seen him do to villains time and again. He felt John’s weight against his back and Sherlock arched, presenting his arse, rubbing it against John.
In this first flush of heat, John could be deliberate, leisurely. He kissed Sherlock over and over – Sherlock could feel how it affected John, every brush of his tongue, press of his lips traveled directly to his cock and his nipples… the kisses made John’s prick throb and jerk in the tight heat of his Omega's passage. It was delicious, Sherlock teased him, licking his mouth and lips and neck…
“Of course he’s real!” I shouted. “Do you actually think Sherlock is a fraud!? That Sherlock invented him!?”
John nodded and led the way the bouncer pointed. They clambered down the steps and Sherlock felt better immediately, the stew of Alpha hormones not nearly as strong there.  John at his heels, he bypassed the loo and went to the only other door. It was labelled 'employees only' and had a key pad. Sherlock produced a magnifying glass and examined the key pad closely, noting the numbers that had fingerprints on them. He sighed with derision and punched in '2-5-8-0.' The door popped open. It led to a long, dim corridor.
