Castiel swirled his thumb on the growing stain, enjoying the explicit curses waterfalling from Dean’s mouth. “Fuck—come on—you fucking—tease—fuck—shit—” Dean gasped between each curse word, trying to wiggle himself better into Castiel’s palm.
"DEAN!" Sam screams, as he watches some petrol catch fire leaping across the paint onto the driver's shoulder.
,” he growled, eyes still sleep ridden, “what the—”
Hell.
Cas can't help but mirror it, "Color me surprised too."
“Get in with me, I won’t get in unless you do,” Cas said, with wide eyes and an innocence Dean didn’t know the other man possessed. As if to emphasize his point, Cas tugged lightly on Dean’s arms.
Okay, he didn’t have time, nor did he want to unpack whatever the
“And we both know I turned 21 in September…”
“Can’t argue with that,” Dean says, wiggle dancing out of his jeans with a half-chuckle, half-smirk. Here’s the part Dean’s been dreading, taking off his boxers. Buying himself a couple of extra seconds, he decides to strip out of his flannel and place it on his growing stack of clothes. Dean’s not a shy man, actually, he takes pride in being utterly adorable but for some reason Cas has him feeling like a high school girl with her first crush. Or maybe he’s just letting first time waxing nerves get the better of him, yeah he’s definitely blaming his suddenly developed shyness on his nerves.
In the distance, his ears pick up on some drumming? Yeah, it’s the unmistakable sound of beating drums. Huh, if Cas’ family was having a Halloween bonfire they could have invited Dean, he would have changed his plans and shelved the costumes for a different year.
“Hello,” The man in tight dark blue scrubs says, checking the chart once more and holy shit they match his beautiful blue eyes, “Dean.”
Where did he even begin?
Luckily, they both felt pretty bad over the argument, their anger crumbling after only fourteen days of not talking to one another. Cas apologized first and Dean followed suit, the whole fight was water under the bridge just in time for their Halloween tradition that year.
empty. But the sheer data size of the thing would say otherwise.” Dean watched as Charlie pulled up some kind of HTML menu littered with lines of code he had no chance in hell of understanding, and continued watching as her fingers flew faster off the keys than Sam’s did when he was bitching Dean out through text messages. Fuck, he didn’t even know it was humanly possible to type that fast.
Picking up another popsicle stick, Cas repeats the process—twirl, spread, pat. “The first time is always the worst. Right now, we are waxing the hairs you’ve had since puberty. Shaving cuts the hair but doesn’t pull the root out which is why people say the hair grows back twice as thick when you shave.” For the first time since Dean walked in, Cas feels like an esthetician, and Dean’s a little in awe.
Bobby.
“Yes,” Dean gasped, back arching as Castiel slid his fingers over his prostate again, “Wanted you since—fuck—met you—you and your stupid sex hair—Jesus—and your
Behind him, Sam can hear the clacks of keys from the accountants sizing up the factory's assets. While they crunch numbers, he's eyeing the factory floor watching the one man engine builders.
like I’m sure you’re doing what I mean is I
“WHAT!” Rage flared through the redhead voice’s, creating an opportunity as Abaddon straightened herself up aiming her weapon at Dean and completely underestimating the cunningness of the man right under her nose. As she swiveled to aim at Dean, she also released her hold on Cas; her biggest mistake because the moment Cas was free, he leaned forward and threw all his weight back headbutting the bitch right in the stomach allowing Dean to take a shot.
Once he was dry and in fresh, very dry boxers and gym shorts, his mind attempted to boot back up despite the fatigue fog clouding it. With his mother-hen instincts kicking back in, he knew he should check on Cas before crawling into bed himself. Sighing, he made a trip to the kitchen to grab a fresh call of water for Cas to drink before entering the master bedroom. Cas was right where Dean had seen him last, still sprawled out in the middle of the bed.
"No no, Mr. Winchester. Our Cameras. For history." Gozzi says, but it doesn't for some reason feel reassuring.
The spider-web thin sting holding together Dean’s restraint snapped. “I’m not the one who should be answering questions right now Sammy!” He crowded into Sam’s space. “I just spent the last 24 hours playing car dodgeball with a bunch of fucking angry Cubans, then you know what happened? Mhm? I ended up at a diner with some girl who asked for me personally, by the way, after three hours of sleep saying she witnessed a murder and you want to know what she said to me?” Dean said, pouring the fire from his eyes into his brother’s soul. “Poughkeepsie. Fucking Poughkeepsie Sam!” Dean didn’t bother to slow down even after all the color drained from his brother’s face. “Now you are going to me why some random redhead knows our get the fuck out of Dodge word?”
Cas hums, “You are amazing,” kissing the back of Dean’s neck.
Dean feels it. The seconds slow. He's fast, faster than the impossible. He's faster than death.
His boots creaked the wooden front porch steps. Raising a sweaty palm, Dean knocked on the front door; standing there with a handful of hope in one hand and his heart in the other.
“Okay, I think we are done,” Cas says. And thank fucking goodness, Dean sighs; his shoulders relaxing a tension he didn’t know he was holding. A decision as Dean scrambles off the table is clicked into place in his mind. No way on God’s green earth did he just submit himself to that torture not to be enjoyed.
Those school days and nights soon rolled into summer days and nights.
Dean was rocking his Batman costume—awesome fake muscles, bat mask, and Batman light-up sneakers—when at the third house he trick-or-treated he met Cas sporting a decked-out Superman costume with matching fake muscles. They reached for the doorbell at the same time while the attending parents chatted at the bottom of the stoop. Dean doesn’t remember the lady who gave them a handful of candy, but he does remember Cas pointing out his light-up sneakers saying they were cool, and Dean liked Cas’ Superman costume. They ended up trick-or-treating together the rest of the night talking superheroes and trading candy bars since Cas was fond of Paydays and Dean liked Kit-Kat’s the most. Cas was in a separate class so Dean had seen him around but didn’t know him, but that night he couldn’t get enough of the Krypton-clad boy with too big and blue to be true pouting anytime the cheap grandma candy made its way into his candy pail. At the end of the night, Dean had declared them best friends and the rest is history. After 15 years as best friends, Dean still traded Cas Payday’s for Kit-Kat’s.
“Sorry, I should have asked but,” the man starts speaking again while pouring two glasses with about two fingers of whiskey each, “You look like you need a drink.”
“Ready to meet my pack?” Cas says, still rearranging his gym shorts.
So, he played his part, smiling during family dinners, laughing with his friends at school, joking with cheer teammates, roughhousing with his little brother. The world didn’t need to see how broken he was, the world wouldn’t understand. His heart belonged to another boy and while he could accept that, he knew most wouldn’t. The deep aching chiasm Cas left faded into a dull numbness.
Dean frowns, remembering those two weeks being some of the worst of his life. He tosses in the other half of his Kit-Kat that was melting between his fingers into his mouth trying to reign in his original train of thought. His apartment! Right! Dean snagged a great apartment with two bedrooms hoping Cas would move into the second bedroom but his hope went up in smoke when Cas announced he was moving into Creepy McCreeper mansion.
“Trust me, this—” he pointed at the journal, “It's worth every risk, I hope you nail every fucking scum bag in this bad boy.”
“Hey,” Dean said, lightly shaking his partner which earned him a groan of protest. “Hey, I’m tired too; especially from putting up with your bipolar ass tonight but I need you to drink this for me.”
Enzo turns and the entire envoy follows on the man's heels. The office is hot, cramped, and Sam's ninety percent sure he's about to sweat through his suit if the brown wallpaper doesn't melt off the walls first.
Dean just stares. Opens his mouth. Closes his mouth. Stares.
“I can do this,” she affirmed, sipping her martini for strength.
Cas’s eyes went comically wide before crinkling at the corners before the little shit darted his tongue out licking the finger attached to his lips.
Partners, friends. That was the line Castiel drew in the sand. Which admittedly was the only hard-line he drew given how often he was swayed by Dean’s persuasion into doing things a little bit more recklessly and dangerously or a just a tad outside the rules. “Can’t color life inside the lines, Buddy”—Dean’s exact philosophy that had coaxed him into following Dean into an auto shop on a hot Thurs day morning. The shop was known to be run by one of Miami’s prominent mafia gangs and Dean thought ‘shaking a few trees’ might produce something solid.
It’s one thing to have a finger or a toy and a whole different thing to have a full-sized dick. So, when Aaron agrees to come over to Dean’s to Netflix and chill, Dean begins to panic. He knows what he wants and figures doing all the legwork beforehand will ease the awkwardness. And that’s exactly his predicament, Dean’s really never done the legwork. Which is why Dean finds himself pacing his bathroom desperately scanning google, fucking frustrated by his dilemma.
“Not so bad yourself, Charlie,” Dean complimented Charlie on her swanky dress. Decked out in crystals the bareback strappy A-line in deep plum on Charlie’s thin, tall frame was a showstopper.
Tonight, with a bit of luck they would crack open the shutters and shine some light on the underground dealings and bring down a drug-dealing Dick. The Royce pulled up to the curb and within a heartbeat, the valet attendant opened the door. They shuffled out of the car facing the huge establishment with purpose. Charlie linked both her arms through each one of theirs, giving both Dean and him a smile reminding them that they were in this together before setting off.
Wet splotches blurred the printed lines on the notebook paper. A deep ache rattled his chest as hot wet tracks raced down his cheeks. Colorado didn’t just steal his best friend; it stole his everything—his sunshine, his cruising his buddy, his personal cheerleader, his Cas.
Hello! I hope you enjoy this Dean and Cas dynamic as much as I did.
. Yeah, Dean's seen the look before, and he's glad he's not the one standing in front of it.
. They were provided with extra men, gear that was better than swat unit had been previously and state of the art surveillance with heat signature technology which Charlie was practically drooling over to get her hands on.
Heaving another sigh, he padded into the kitchen while tapping the screen on his phone to check the time. Jesus, just how long have they been asleep?
He finds an opening, passing the 7 car. Now just 2, 4 and 5 ahead. The Cobra takes turn two faster than turn one, managing to coast right behind the 5 car.
Porn didn’t hold to candle to the noise Dean made when Castiel said his name. Chasing the sound to its source, he pecked Dean’s lips once, twice before another encompassing, breath-snatching kiss. Gulps of air were taken between pecks and bites. He’d lay waste to the world to have his name fall from the lips of the Adonis he was lavishing just once more. “Say.” He sunk his teeth into Dean’s bottom lip earning another breathy gasp. “My.” He breathed into the nonexistent space between them. “Name,” he finished, pouring every ounce of
Cas manages to wiggle out of his older brother's arms and runs a hand through his hair. Gabe still treats him like he's six but he finds himself smiling despite it. "Me! Come on, Kevin was being an assbutt and you know it. Who wakes up and decides to enforce luggage capacity rules! It's a
“Dean,” Cas cuts him off, “I’m sorry, I have a family affair tonight. I’ll call tomorrow.” And with that, the line goes dead. The little shit straight up had the audacity to hang up on him!
“Are you staying or going?” Sam smirked, “You know, I’ve made enough for a while now to afford this place by myself.”
“Cas?” Dean whispers with a sense of wonderment. The metric ton of fur seems to register Dean’s words which stops the growling and is replaced with an honest to goodness signature Cas head tilt. Shit, if Dean thought it was stupidly cute when Cas was human, the wolf tilting his head in confusion is a thousand times cuter.
Oh he was about to, Castiel thought to himself as he stopped sucking and licked a long, wet stripe from the base of Dean’s cock to the head; savoring the taste of Dean exploding on his tongue. Kitty licking at the head, Dean shoved both hands in his disheveled locks, “What happened to—” he gulped around a small moan, “—making me scream your name? Huh? At this rate the only thing I’ll be doing—AHHHHHH,” Dean mewled as Castiel wrapped his lips around Dean’s shaft and made his way down; pressing his tongue to the underside of Dean’s dick.
“We’ll it will suck two-thirds less the next time,” Cas smiles. Dean reminds himself again he is not here to hit on the hot wax man, nope but he is nice to look at the half of his functioning brain cell argues. Can’t argue with logic when a stubbled Greek god type jawline and bright heavenly sky eyes are just there for the viewing.
smile with which Crowley was devouring him.
, the oversized wolf darts off behind the nearest cluster of trees.
The condescending command immediately sparked his inner rage. “Why?”
Thankful for the welcome distraction, Dean threw himself headfirst into the new lead. Anything to occupy his mind on work rather than his work partner and their stupid not-kiss, kiss.
The plan he’s laid is full proof. Well as full proof as possible, as long as Cas is in fact interested in him and this doesn’t go sideways. Too late to back out now though, Cas agreed to meet him for an after-hours appointment and Dean’s already put Baby in park outside.
“I accept, are we done?” Dean pushed his mug aside and tried turning on his heel to walk away. It sounded less than sincere; in Castiel’s mind, it sounded like goodbye.
Circling the table, his partner had already started leafing through the desk coming up with a huge leather-bound journal. Gotta love a good ole fashion drug lord keeping only hand-written a transaction log, and boy was it a jackpot. Cas handed him the journal and went to inspect the filing cabinet. Some of the names listed in the book were like Sam suspected, high profile individuals in Miami—CEO’s, prolific politicians, and prominent figures in the city—all listed on the journal’s pages with their picture and purchase order.
“Ménage a Twelve,” Cas answered following Crowley’s prompt, utterly oblivious to the
Rubbing at the bite on his neck, Dean’s not afraid to admit he’s a little nervous. But he gave his heart over to this
“I have eyes, boy; you’ve been moping around here for the better part of almost two weeks. Ever since your sandwich lunch buddy left.” Dean flinched, had he really been that obvious? “Is he in some kind of trouble?”
Cas holds out his hand invitation, a blinding smile gracing his face. Dean latches on lacing their fingers together.
into a cold shower to counteract the drugs the dumbass somehow managed to inhale during the raid. And the worst part of it all, Dean was fucking thankful—thankful Cas was alive and warm, a little too warm but he was going to fix that. So fucking thankful for all the times Cas has saved his ass over the last six months, thankful to have someone to bounce theories and ideas off of, thankful to have someone who could finally put up with all bullshit (Because honestly, Dean knew he was more than a handful to handle).
, group outings with the gang, and trying not to fall asleep in his classes. Dean lived for their late-night shenanigans. Because nights, nights meant freedom; freedom from the pressures at school, home, and work. When the sun sunk down into the horizon Dean picked up Cas to unwind. Some nights they cruised. Other nights they just parked and basked in soft notes spilling from the radio while they hummed along. Then there were nights the conversation flowed so well it felt like neither one took a breath in between each sentence. But no matter how they had passed the night, Dean would return Cas before anyone noticed the boys were missing like a modern-day version of Cinderella, except Cas always kept his shoes.
“The venue?”
Ambling to his locker, Dean pressed his forehead to the cool metal, grounding himself for a moment. He zeroed on the dial allowing muscle memory to take over so he could get the damn thing open to retrieve his Calculus book. The sheer weight of the book demonstrated how math could kill. A bag of bricks weighed less.
Ford's translator steps up to translate as Enzo speaks, "Gentlemen. Welcome. All my life I have been an admirer of your founder, the great Industrialist, Henry Ford. This way please."
“What we are going to say to you is not to leave this office. We believe our witness is under immediate threat and we have taken necessary precautions to ensure her safety.” Dean licked his lips, choosing his next words very carefully given their weight. “Bobby, we believe there are possible dirty cops in on our force, not only dirty cops, wayward politicians and CEOs taking kickbacks from drug dealers.”
So, what if Dean took secret delight in dressing Cas in the skankiest most creative Superman costumes he could come up with…sue him. Last year Dean did a Clark Kent changing into Superman costume painting a red S symbol on his best friend's bare chest under a white button-up and half undone blue tie and tight red shorts to top it off. Dean shivers remembering it. He grew tall, even an inch or two taller than Cas. Whereas Cas grew thick with defined biceps, a toned stomach, and those runner’s
"Cas, honestly, did you come out here to piss in everyone's post-toasties or to almost get yourself disqualified, huh?" Dean knows he's pushing Cas' buttons, but he's already on a roll and can't stop his mouth, "Which is it? Huh?"
idea! And it’s not like it sucked. On the contrary, it might have been the shortest yet most life-changing kiss in Dean’s life. Dean was expecting a peck on the lips, not the suck your soul out through your mouth kiss he received. Trust him, he’s not complaining except now with the knowledge that Cas dominates kisses like he dominates in any fight he’s ever been in, being Cas’s partner just became the seven circles of hell.
Dean’s soft whine covered the sound of the footsteps they were expecting. Later there would be time to recall every single second of this, recall the rapid beating of his heart, recall the feeling of falling yet flying simultaneously but right now they had a pest to deal with.
“It’s fine. Dean has a habit of diving headfirst into things. The city is still cleaning up the highway from your adventure this morning.”
“Jerk!” Sam said back, throwing the pillow back and walking towards the bedroom door before stopping and throwing over his shoulder, “And Dean, drive safe okay?”
“Look Feathers, I won’t be caught dead in one of those ugly sedans and we both know Baby is reserved for stake-outs.” In his peripheral’s Dean could tell Cas was stoically sulking, muttering about calling the insurance company…again.
Cas stares at Gabe then follows his line of sight to a paper on the front of their garage and a giant padlock not belonging to either of them.
. Pulling the other man to his feet, Dean led him down the hallway and pushed open Cas’ bedroom door, heading straight to the master bathroom. He flipped down the toilet seat cover and sat Cas down before sliding open the glass shower door and flicking on the cold water. Dean shivered as the freezing water sputtered on and he cursed himself for his hard-wired habit of sticking his hand in the water to test the temperature.
Letting his guests—if you wanted to call a murder witness and his dorky partner guests—wander his living room, Dean hurled himself into the hallway hellbent on speaking with his brother.
Saturday Dean helped Cas pack boxes into the Cas’ family car. Mr. Shurley had to be in Colorado Monday morning for some immediate debriefing so the family was stuck packing what they could. The rest of the movers were going to pick up their remaining belongings and furniture later in the week. Dean lingered long after all the car was packed full, lingering until Naomi shooed him out of the house with a “Dean, sweetie. We have to be up early to make the drive. I’m sure Castiel will call you as soon as we get settled.”
Opting to not pull on his flannel, he folds his jeans and underwear on top of his folded flannel before putting on his socks and tennis shoes.
bitch face, “I came out here looking to rescue your ass from your relatives and possibly salvage our Halloween tradition and, no—no we’re not doing this—we’re not ignoring the fact you’re—you’re—a wolfman—were—werewolf?”
His upbringing dictated that a boy liking another boy was wrong. The preacher spoke on the matter a few times over the course of Dean’s life, the subject a matter most people would rather ignore or sweep under the rug in their small Kansas town. Dean had never known anyone like that but didn’t mean they didn’t exist, didn’t mean his teachings on the matter were right either. He quit going to church a long time ago because of a difference of opinions.
Dean didn’t need to be told twice.
“A cute riled up bird? That’s why you’ve been calling me feathers?” Cas asked, trying to piece the whole thing together from the snippets Dean was providing.
Dean can’t fight the smile he returns, so he smiles around another sip of his beer enjoying all the sounds of the raging nature around them.
“Well, you’ll be the caviar of the party,” Crowley said, running his hands up and down Cas’s chest one time. Anymore and Dean was thinking Crowley would look mighty good without his fingers.
“Okay now, this one is going to be the one that hurts the worst, after this I’ll have you flip over and do the easy side,”
“Yes, we are,” Castiel stated firmly with no room for argument. His feet moved on their own accord, bringing him within inches of his partner. “I owe you an apology.” His throat felt as dry as Dean’s expression.
“I’ll take what I can get,” Dean said with a shrug Of course none of this was going to be easy. “I texted Bobby. If there’s anyone we can trust it’s Bobby, not like we can hide anything from him anyway.”
Covering up his growing irritation, he gave Cas a
Cas faces scrunches up like he’s sucked on a sour lemon, and ouch Dean’s ego is bruised by the reaction. But before Dean can comment or backtrack Cas pins him with a God smiting stare, “You don’t know what you’re asking for.”
“Bye,” Dean waved, wiggling his fingers as the woman flipped him off while she hastily exited the bedroom.
"Dean! Get the hell up."
“What?” Dean chokes out, thanking his lucky stars he’s holding onto Cas’ wrist because the touch grounds him while his entire world is spinning. The only word floating through his panicked mind is playing on repeat—
Oh, things are starting to heat up! You've already made this far I hope you keep going! Comments are always welcome, let me know your favorite Dean sentence. I'm a sucker for writing Dean POV.
"He wanted you to drive his number 2 car. His number 2 car Cas."
and get you to walk out here with your life.” Dean seethed which only earned him a deep chuckle from Abaddon.
"Fire!" "Pit Fire!"
“I’m not!” Castiel punctuated,  pinching the bridge of his nose; only Dean could give him a headache worse than a drug hangover could.
Yeah, Dean loves two things—his mate and candy.
OH! Plot! Is that you? Comments and speculations are welcome!
Dean’s brain has been dot-hopping connecting them since the moment Sam began to explain himself, there’s a slim chance in hell the case Sam’s been putting together and the one he’s been investigating for months aren’t connected. This Roman Enterprises seemed to be a real fucking monster—smart, resourceful, and straight-up ballsy. But whoever was holding the reins to this monster fucked up, they didn’t just have one Winchester hunting them now they had two. And the Winchesters were in the business of hunting scum like this and killing Kevin declared open season on their asses.
The doors ding open, and Henry's secretary doesn't even bother to glance up, "Do you have an appointment?"
Dean stares at his phone in disbelief. Cas bailing on their Halloween tradition for the family smells like a bad Sunday pot roast on Tuesday morning. Replaying their conversation in his head, Dean surmises Cas must have had his relatives in earshot. They must be holding Cas captive or more realistically they guilt-tripped him into staying home tonight. It’s a flimsy explanation but it’s the only lead Dean’s willing to believe as to why his best friend was acting like he could care less about their tradition.
nod, “But there’s so much more to Cas than his pretty face. It’s the way he snores and drools on my pillow, it’s his grumpy attitude when he solves a math problem or the characters in his books are being stupid by his standards, it’s his ridiculous smug smile when he wins at Mario-kart with toad of all things even though I’m pretty sure he cheats,” Dean takes a breath, releasing he could ramble on about his best friend for hours, days even, “I like the person I am with him. Cas makes me feel like I can be anything, do anything Sammy. I like him because he saw through all posturing cool-kid bullshit and wanted to be my friend anyway.”
Dean’s more than giddy now than ever to dress Cas up this year for Charlie’s annual Halloween bash. They met the redhead their freshman year of college and she quickly adopted them into her family of friends. Half the university shows up for Charlie’s bash and this year she rented out the local event center to hold it. Seriously, the bash is a sight to see because as usual, Charlie goes above and beyond. Since she’s in the theater club, she borrows all sorts of props for her bash, monster costumes are the pinnacle of the party and there’s enough candy, punch, beer, and alcohol for a small city festival.
“Only because I drive a classic! Baby is a ’67, she deserves to be driven with respect, you modern Italian-loving, speed seeking heathen.” Dean caught Cas rolling his eyes for the nth time, mouthing along to the next words he’s heard spoken hundred times from Dean’s mouth. “I built Baby with my own two hands, and my daddy didn’t leave me with no trust fund Feathers. I’m not in this for thrills.”
"Dean-"
, but this guy is probably just some rich asshole playing cop to get his rocks off on the thrills.”
Stroking the soft strands, Dean loses himself in the action for a minute just watching his glide through the fur over and over again; it’s rather relaxing. As he continues, Dean chuckles lightly when the wolf pushes his head up into Dean’s palm. Although by closer examination the thing is really too big to be a normal wolf.
He's not sure what to expect, standing here in Henry's office. Maybe he's about to lose his job, or worse be murdered surely with Mr. Ford's connections the man could hide a body.
“SIT YOUR ASSES DOWN. NOW.” The Captain slammed his fists on the desk. Both boys had the decency to look a tad ashamed at their childish antics while following the Captain’s orders. “Now that you’ve idjits have put your dicks away, let’s come up with a game plan…”
“Drugged Cas, you didn’t catch a bullet, but you are fucked up right now.” Dean reminded him with an edge to voice which could easily cut through a raw potato. For a half millisecond, tonight Dean’s soul left his body when he heard the shot echo through the office and didn’t see what happened to his partner; nights like tonight are exactly the reason he didn’t want a partner to begin with. He didn’t want this hopeless personal attachment he had gained for his stoic yet dorky, trench coat donning, badass-in-a-fight but rusty people skills, partner. He grew up watching Bobby mourn the loss of his father, mourning the loss of an irreplaceable hole in his life; it tore Bobby apart. And while Bobby turned out to be an amazing adoptive father, Dean learned a valuable lesson the day his father died. When a cop partner dies, you better dig two graves. Thus, Dean
Crowley steps forward and slams today's newspaper with the headline FIAT BUYS FERRARI in large letters on Henry's desk hard enough he flinches. "We were played," Crowley says and waits for Henry to turn around from the window he was contemplating life from, "Asshole used us as an opportunity to up his price for Fiat, while embarrassing our company and insulting your leadership." Crowley turns and Sam meets his eyes, "This was a bloody bad idea from the start."
“You think I’ll come back. Because this sucks,” Dean whines.
Clicking on the flash drive the menu screen popped up. The only thing was a single folder, Dean knew his way around a computer enough to effectively use one but not enough to be dangerous like Charlie. Judging from the skepticism written on her face, she wasn’t expecting a single folder either. Pressing closer much to Sam’s dismay from the quick bitch face he shot Dean, everyone seemed to collectively hold their breath as the pointer icon hovered the nameless folder.
In a romantic way
“What?” Dean princess pouted his lips while feigning innocence as he watched the numbers on the elevator countdown. “I think I’m adorable.”
Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s shoulders as the man paws at the button of his jeans; there’s a silent hallelujah when the button pops free and Cas is eagerly hooking his thumbs into the waistband of Dean’s boxers. An honest to God whimper escapes Dean’s lips as Cas takes a half-step so he can pull both Dean’s boxers and jeans down in one fluid motion.
Last night. Jesus, he still needed to apologize for last night. The thought was like a fire extinguisher to the simmering tension under his skin. “About last night, I—”
And before you start thinking NO SHIT SHERLOCK
Tucking a piece of hair behind his ear, Sam straightened, looking ready to explain why tonight’s events occurred. “Kevin—he—Kevin found me,” Sam started and stopped, collecting his thoughts or perhaps trying to string together fragments of the truth.
“Oh no, I was a fabulous porn star!” Gabe smiled, “I just found the other side of the business more lucrative, and being in such an industry has garnered me—” Gabe twirled his fingers in the air, trying to piece together a sentence in a particular way, “—Special friendships. People’s love for sex pays in more ways than just money.” Gabe leaned forward, his usual teasing demeanor gone, “Cassie, is my favorite cousin, gave me home when I hit rock bottom. I owe him and Dean.” Gabriel’s eye narrowed into dagger points, “I know all about his feelings for you if you hurt him in any way—”
“And I thought I was being partnered with a loudmouth lumberjack.” Cas still looked skeptical at where Dean was going with this.
Dean threw a smile over his shoulder at him before turning his attention back to their cargo; helping Garth out of the trunk was like a baby deer trying to stand on its own legs for the first time.
By the time he'd caught his breath, their little team was halfway back to Gabriel’s apartment. Charlie dissolved into giggles, recounting her Balthazar experience with a complimentary ridiculous British accent and overly dramatic hand movements that put Shakespearian actors to shame. Hearing how Charlie threw her drink on Balthazar’s quote on quote “Handmade Gucci” suit as an exit strategy, helped transition the lingering adrenaline in the van into post-mission relaxation. This investigation might be far from over, but the invoice and possible clue burning a hole in his pocket along with the gentle smiles of his colleagues felt like a leap in the right direction.
“Why can’t it be me?” Dean says, nudging the growing weight perched on his shoulder. If he’s going to be rejected by the only person he's ever been in love with he’s going to need a better reason than being human.
"Let me ask you a question," Cas's deep voice could turn lava cold, "When you were a little boy did you think, I'm going to show up to the fabled Willow Springs raceway and enforce Paragraph 16.7 section 3C on
Cas pecks his lips once more before stepping back, a sheepish grin on his face. He nods, “Okay.”
Gripping his duffle strap, he opened the door knowing Bobby would be easier to deal with than his parents. He tossed the bag in the backseat of Baby and drove over to the salvage shop. Maybe one hard conversation would ease the other one.
Halfway to the door, “Officers, I do have two employees missing. Not sure if it's connected, but one of our young ladies that works in the I.T. department missed work today, I do hope she’s okay.” Roman’s smile was slicker than a hungry Midwest used car salesman trying to sell the deal of the day. “It would be a real shame if something bad happened to her.”
“Oh, for fucksakes.” Dean said exasperated, sounding more defeated than annoyed; his eyes shifting to the ceiling as if it held all the answers of the universe or perhaps praying for strength not to strangle Castiel right here.
Dean clapped his hands. “Okay team let’s lay out what we know.” They had split up the surveillance—Charlie tasked with seeing if she could hack the camera system, Sam did the inside surveillance getting the layout of the club and who Balthazar affiliated with inside the club by impersonating a bartender while Dean and Cas staked the outside of the club following Balthazar, learning his routine inside and out.
“Sam and I believe Balthazar is the link to Roman.” Charlie looked up from her laptop to regard them then dived back into her typing.
Bobby stepped back and walked back into the manager’s office returning with a small envelope, “Here. You got his address? I’ll make a few calls and make sure he’s not on base.” Dean blinked; he hadn’t even thought of that problem. Reaching into his back pocket, Dean handed over the envelope with Cas’s address while taking the small one with a couple of hundred bucks in twenties in it.
Fuck. Following the gruff older man into the private glass office, Dean could count off the top of his head at least three things that Captain Singer could be wanting to “talk” to him about.
And before he can open his mouth to smart something off, Cas snatches his wrist and dragging him inside; beers and everything else forgotten.
Turning his own eyes back to the storm looming in front of them, “It’s beautiful to see such power; a reminder we are only a small piece of this world.”
Having been forcibly dragged to a few clubs in his younger days by his cousin, he knew the basics of club dancing but in order for the half-baked plan in his mind to pull attention away from Dean to work, he'd need to be a bit bolder. Letting his instincts take control, Castiel snatched his partner’s wrist. Dean spun to face him with an arched eyebrow.
Dean gave a two-finger salute in return and jogged off to find his partner. Sue him for being personally excited for a hot shower, some soft yet not so soft teasing on his partner, and a cold beer. Finding his partner was easy, Dean could spot Cas’s perpetual bad helmet hair anywhere.
Rolling her eyes, Charlie explained, “I’m straight lesbian Dean.”
Routine became his sanity. Wake up, go to school, sit through his classes, go to practice, work at the garage every other night, stare at his homework until eyes watered, crawl into bed, dream of Cas, start all over again.
Dean can hear Cas gritting his teeth, "Dean," Cas holds up a wrench, "Don't make me throw this at your head."
Chapter Warning: Heart-Stopping Art
The huge wolf moves back enough Dean can sit up on his elbows. Blinking hard, Dean is dumbstruck. The wolf’s eyes. They’re a color of blue Dean knows intimately and has ever only seen one person with.
, Dean reasoned with himself right up until his very traitor brain reminded him, he basically carried Cas into the apartment so undressing himself was probably out of the question at the moment.
Gozzi clears his throat, clearly noticing Sam's interest, "4.0 L Colombo engine. One man assembles the entire engine. Another assembles the transmission. Everything," Gozzi stares him down, "Everything, hand-built."
Enzo clears his throat.
A voice filters through Dean's clock staring contest, "Dean?"
Dean threw him an easy smile as if they shook down lower mafia members every day. “His name’s Garth, I busted him years ago when I was still working the streets peddling weed. He’s a good kid, fell in love with the wrong girl though.”
"Winchester, is this going anywhere?"
Sam watches with rapture as Henry—No one called him Mr. Ford for Mr. Ford was his father—pulls out a paper from his suit coat.
Castiel reached out and placed his hand on top of hers asking, “Do you think you can fake it?” If she didn’t feel comfortable, Castiel would rather pull the plug on the mission right here, right now.
And to add to the interruption sundae, Charlie side-step both men squeezing herself into the office, “I’m coming too, you’re going to need my skills.” She turned towards Bobby, “Oh, you must be someone important, I work here now as of right now except with my help on the last case you can just backpay me. Girl’s gotta eat you know?” Charlie smiled with cheekiness.
He frowns at the boxers he’s fiddling within his hands, delaying putting on his jeans knowing they’re going to chafe him like a bad hiking trip in the middle of summer.
And despite their tornado in a trailer park start, Castiel found he simply liked Dean. Let him correct himself for a minute. He didn’t like the Dean never followed the rules or the plan; he didn’t like the Dean who insisted on taking Cas’ car on stakeout and busts because he wouldn’t be caught dead in a police cruiser after becoming a detective—“I did my time in those nasty uncomfortable seats Feathers”; he especially had a personal hatred for the Dean who seemed to hit on everything with two feet and heartbeat. The Dean he did like, though, was fearless, used his street smarts to outwit their criminal counterparts, and never backed down from a fight; although half the fights they ended up in was because he couldn't zip his lips. Just thinking about the situations they could have circumvented if Dean wasn’t a shoot first ask questions later kind of guy made Castiel internally sigh.
Between the might be a seizure wink and the de-pants offer, Dean dissolves into giggles.
Cas flashes him a smile as he clips the chin strap on his helmet, "New design!" He shouts over the hum of engines.
The pause Dean was waiting for. Popping up from the desk, Dean rapidly fired two bullets straight into the fucker’s chest; the guy sank to the floor faster than a bag full of bricks falling from the building's rooftop.
. The word is still ringing in Dean’s mind. Cas is out here on their special day looking for a special someone. The irrational part of Dean’s brain takes the reins. He’s lost count of how many stupid ideas he’s had tonight but adds jogging in front of Cas to turn around and place hand in the middle of his best friend’s chest to stop him to the pile. And while Dean’s being an idiot, he adds the words, “Pick me,” as the little cherry on top of his Winchester Stupid pie.
Or he attempted to.
“Why are you trying to get rid of me?” Dean challenged.
“I’m going to get him Bobby; I’m going to bring his ass home and whip his ass myself for letting himself get fucking taken by a bunch of assholes.”
For the second time that day, he lets his feet guide him through the fray of swaying bodies, leading him to the center of the dance floor. He wants to feel it, no needs to feel it—his heart thumping in time with the bass, the swarm of like-minded people shifting around him, the swirls of white and multi-colored spotlights flooding the floor creating a psychedelic atmosphere. His hips sway on their accord chasing the thrumming in his veins.  Lifting his arms and allowing the music to wash over him like a warm shower—comfortable and relaxing—Dean closes his eyes letting the moment soak into every fiber of his being. Today had been filled with firsts, his first Pride Parade, his first rager or rave he thinks, and the first time he’s filled with freedom; freedom to be wholly himself. Free to look at the beautiful women dancing, free to look at all the handsome men, and free to feel confident in his skin as others look at him.
Cas' wide, gummy smile had Dean's heart doing somersaults, "So," Cas started, a hint of teasing already bleeding into his voice, "You like me?"
Castiel nodded. “Of course.”
Dean knew Castiel. Knew him like he knew the back of his hand. Cas was his best friend, and Dean was his. Did Cas liking him in that way really change how he felt about him? He searched deep within himself for the answer. The knowledge didn’t change Cas, didn’t make him a monster. No, Cas was still that nose always in a book nerd with finger-fucked hair and an unmatchable dry snark. The same one who apparently liked him.
“You and what fucking army boy scout?” And boy wasn’t that the million-dollar question.
Every time he thought he had a chance it would slip away whether the school bell rang or one of their friends came up to talk to them or Cas just magically disappeared.
“What do you think it could be?” Sam gaped; eyes wide at Charlie’s computer wizardry.
But not without coffee first.
“Nah, the heart wants what the heart wants,” Dean shrugged.
Ignoring his own arousal, Castiel pinned Dean’s hips to the mattress while he spelled out the ABC’s on Dean’s nipple Dean dug one hand into Castiel’s back, the other sunk into Castiel’s hair tugging in a way that said
Cas tilted his head before blinking hard and looking over his shoulder at Baby then back at Dean. When did words become so damn hard to speak? Opening and closing his mouth, Dean couldn’t get even syllables to come out. Luckily, Dean didn’t need words; within a blink of an eye he had an armful of wet best friend.
“Are you going to shoot them or am I going to have to do everything myself?” Cas deadpanned, straightening his back and tightening his already white-knuckle grip on the steering wheel.
Fuck. Mission. They were on a mission, Castiel self-chided; half stopping himself from sending up a thank you prayer for this blissful, yet utterly torturous situation. Especially when he felt Dean shudder against him as he vice-gripped his hip and let out a breath of hot air against Dean’s neck. As much as he wanted to have Dean in his arms like this forever, they were working, and it was becoming increasingly more difficult not to have an inappropriate erection while his partner artfully sashayed ground his firm ass against him which he could bounce a quarter off of.
As he turned to try and move his lead-based body back to the comfort of his memory foam, he instinctively shrank back as his foot connected with something wet and slimy. His reflexes were still slow, and the tiled bathroom floor was unforgiving as he fell on his ass.
When in doubt—deflect. Pulling a good ole’ classic Dean Winchester, Dean stepped back, turning his attention anywhere from the too cute to handle head tilt. “Yep, feathers.” Dean said, quickly thinking on his feet, “Because ain’t no one gonna pronounce what was it…Casper? Caster? Carmon?” Dean could hear the grind of the other man’s teeth.
Before his brain could process the implications of its decision, Castiel crowded his partner against the wall. His hands already reaching for Dean’s stubble when he whispered, “Do you trust me?”
“If it weren’t for her, I swear I’d be the angel she says I am.” Cas chuckles but there’s a resounding ring of truth to his words.
"So he goes in to make the cut, right? Everyone staring because they know what's gonna happen-"
Their swaying came to an abrupt stop while Castiel could feel his partner’s Adam’s apple bob as if he was swallowing an impossible amount of air. Castiel took a half step to look into Dean’s eyes, maybe this plan was a bad idea but before he could even finish his thought, he caught a deliciously wicked smirk on Dean’s face.
“Yes.”
Cas gave him a tight squeeze before hiding his face into Dean’s tummy. No grown ass man had the right to be so damn adorable, Cas was a crime against humanity. Chuckling, Dean jabbed his finger at Cas’s forehead. “Come on, if you aren’t going to talk at least get up so I can make us some coffee.”
“If you don’t try and kill me first,” Dean giggles, trying to distance himself from Cas’ tickling, “Okay, okay,” Dean says, swatting at Cas’ hand to get him to stop.
Asshole had the audacity to wear a smug smile while settling back into the leather bench seat. Cas was lucky he wasn’t in his right mind because Dean had the right mind to punch his lights out and forcibly drag his unconscious body to the hospital for this little stunt.
bed. With the blankets kicked down to his waist, Dean’s gorgeous freckled skin was on full display.
“Oh, don’t get your panties in a wad Feathers. I’m going to go around the parking lot.”
Resigning himself to keep his decision, he shoved his hands and his pockets and turned to walk back to the Impala.
Charlie flashed him a genuine smile. He had to admit he’d grown rather fond of the redhead. Dean commented in passing, during their long week of stakeout surveillance,  that Charlie felt like the little sister he never had. Standing here watching her smile, about to willingly throw herself to the wolves in order to help them, he understood the feeling.  In a familial, sibling love kind of way, he’d gladly protect her from any harm.
“What?” Castiel gaped like a deer caught in the headlights. Either he had heard Dean wrong or...
Rolling his eyes, Castiel followed his partner and his prisoner through the shop and out towards Baby. Knowing Dean, wherever this was heading was going to be one of those gray areas of the rules Dean loved to take advantage of. Castiel sagged his shoulders. Whatever Dean was conjuring up in his head would spell trouble.
Speaking of Cas, Dean realizes the fucker hasn’t texted him back. His phone screen lights up when he taps the screen, 10 P.M, shit. Dean’s been lollygagging down memory lane for an hour now. Opening his phone, he double-checks his message making sure he didn’t accidentally miss Cas’s reply while his head was off in la-la land.
"Why don't you have a seat?"
The Cobra darts around the number 1 car, tucking behind the 16 car. Only four cars ahead of him. With savagely fast shifts, Cas dives into inside of 7 car as they take turn one.Rocks sling everywhere. Three other cars are right there beside them taking the inside turn.
Using all of his willpower, Castiel trudged out of the bed and somehow managed to stumble his way to the bathroom to relieve himself. Flashes of the night played in his mind’s eye as he did so.
shit. Little kids had deeper sounding sneezes than his partner, so Dean really can’t be blamed for the damn shriek of laughter he let out or the belly-bellow laugh at Cas’s scowl.
Huffing, Cas muttered into his chest, “You’ll make me do all the paperwork while you search for new leads like always, excuse me for wanting five more minutes before my inevitable suffering.”
His anxiety mental list started growing by the millisecond as they entered his apartment complex: when was the last time he cleaned his apartment? What if Sam wasn’t home? Shit, what if Cas judged him for his dingy apartment, that would add another chip to his partner’s shoulder.
“Brace yourself.” Dean smiled, giving Baby a bit of gas before stomping on the brake pedal lurching the car to a screeching stop. Ah—brake check, made sense now as Castiel barely had time to catch himself by the time Dean was alternating between the gas and brakes again.
The paper crinkled from Dean’s tight grip. Fuck.
Sam follows the line of suits, wearing a crisp black one of his own, as they file down from the corridor to the factory floor. A million intermixing sounds—the tracks of the assembly, workers welding, paint-sprayers, wrenches, soft curses—rings in Sam's ears. He'll never tire of it. While he gave up the hands-on side for the corporate side, he doesn't regret his decision.
A while back Cas installed the Find My Friends app on Dean’s phone after a particularly wild night where Dean ended up white-girl wasted and on a bus to Kansas City.
“What’s a guy gotta do to get a place like this,” Dean said, swirling in a circle, admiring the sleek walls and modern architectural design.
Call him a masochist but the pain is worth the reward. Over the next couple of months Dean finds himself getting everything waxed—his legs, his chest, his back and keeping up with his Brazilian.  And yes, part of it is he gets to spend time with Cas, who never fails to make him laugh and always fails to warn about the first strip being pulled, but the majority of it is Dean’s addicted.
Except this time, he knew he’d let Dean win. Although, after their fake not so fake kiss, he’d much rather share the bed. Partner. He could feel the blush creep up his neck from the implications of his thoughts as he threw paper letting Dean win because Dean always throws scissors. He should not be thinking about his partner in such ways, but the phantom sensation of those warm lips crushed against his own haunted him. Dean hooped and hollered like a ‘gracious’ winner over finally defeating Cas in a round; a pity pat landed on his shoulder as Dean winked, “Better luck next buddy,” before sauntering off to the bedroom.
“Nervous.” Cas finishes for him and without looking Dean knows there is a smile on his face, “Trust me I’ve heard it all when you do this kind of work. You feel like you’ve been alive for centuries.”
"What?"
had to use before, “Don’t you walk away from me.”
Cas fiddles with the trophy in his hand, a soft smile forming on his lips, "Winning?" He looks up at the clear sky, playing the race over in his head again, "You know the number 2 car had me, they were too busy trying to play games instead of trying to win."
Its…its…its…a bunny?
While his brain was stuck on earth-shattering revelations, the low simmering building in his gut all summer also had a name—desire. Images of tan skin dripping with lake water flashed in his mind’s eye. The familiar simmering boiled as more images teased him—Cas’ rare nose-scrunching gummy smile, Cas’ sharp hip bones, his thick thighs, his stellar ass Dean secretly stared at right before Cas would climb into Dean’s bed.
Cas always listened so intently with intrigue and interest to Dean’s babbling.
Then his best friend turned sixteen and some long-forgotten relatives crawled out of the woodwork all of sudden wanting to be a part of Cas’s life. Over the next few months, Cas grew distant as his relatives moved into the old (very creepy, probably haunted in Dean’s opinion) mansion on the outskirts of town under the guise of wanting to be closer to Cas.
The last thing Castiel expected was the faint twinge of a blush followed by a half-confident, “I thought they looked good.”
Sam nodded, “I think Cas is really good for you,” Sam’s entire face lit up like the 4th of July, “If he becomes your boyfriend does that mean I’m automatically his new best friend?”
“Mistake?” Dean said in his
“I like it,” Cas smacked his lips, eyes closed; already halfway to dreamland.
The three-piece black on black Zegna fit snugly but still allowed him movement and flexibility, were he to need the use of his body for any close-quarters fighting. Fingering his hair into submission, he had to admit the black slimmed his physique while highlighting his more memorable features. It also didn’t hurt that the murdered-out suit added an air of mystery to him which would only improve his chances of making this sting operation a success. Being mysterious and anonymous, his favorite go-to’s.
and his favorite—
Getting with the program, so the poor schmuck doesn’t think Dean is crazy, “Yes, that obvious?” he tries for nonchalant but his nerves bleed through his words.
Or…not.
He hears Cas huff then the sound of wheels rolling on the vinyl wood flooring. Dean swallows, he’s here, he’s already naked, no turning back now.
He pocketed one of the bills, knowing sometimes answers only led to more questions. “We need to go,” Castiel said with no room for argument. Hopefully, Charlie could dig up dirt on this warehouse when they were back at their makeshift home base.
The man has been reading the contract at snail pace for hours. Between Crowley's pacing and the buzzing of the others Sam is ready to crawl up the walls or perhaps jump out the window to save himself.
Three large pizzas and a decent plan of attack later, fatigue started to set in amongst the group: Charlie half-dozing on the couch, Sam swaying side to side with eyes fluttering closed every couple seconds, and Cas couldn’t stop himself from yawning every five minutes or so. Rubbing at his eyes, Dean called an end to their pow-wow. Charlie and Sam scurried to two of the bedrooms leaving Dean to rock, paper, scissors over the couch, and the last bedroom. In his half-delirious state, the offer to just share the last damn bed rested on the tip of Dean’s tongue. Remembering Cas’s taunt tan skin and even tighter orange boxer briefs, Dean rapidly killed the thought of offering; he did not need to share a bed with his sex on legs partner, not since just seeing Cas in his underwear gave Dean a chubby.
Like jumping off a swing at its highest point, the mechanics felt familiar and the Dean lost himself in the flying feeling as the warmth of Cas' soft lips against his own soared through his veins; the kiss a high Dean knew he could never live without now that he had a taste.
A party of Italians in the sharpest Italian suits is waiting for them. Off to the side Sam spies a camera man snapping pictures, "Hey! Hey! No pictures!" The man scurries off before Sam can get closer.
And with that question, Captain obvious swooped in with an answer, “We haven’t checked the flash drive yet.”
He kept his step even, his breath-focused; ears and eyes adjusting minute to minute for any type of movement or sound.
Cas narrowed his eyes while keeping his head tilted, waiting for Dean to continue, “Do you remember the first time we met?”
Dean tore his eyes from Cas’s training them on stars instead. “You’re smart man, crazy smart. You and Sammy both too smart for your own good,” Dean confessed, willing Cas to understand that he deserved the world if only he was willing to fight it. They say the universe holds the keys to all the world’s problems but only if you are willing to look; Dean discovered some truth in the saying. Staring at the clear Kansas sky, a thought stuck Dean—perhaps he needed to give Cas a future worth fighting for, a really cool future with a badass job and a badass look. The idea was crazy enough that it just might work.
Dean felt a pang of guilt as Sam looked like a lost actor thrust into the spotlight who had forgotten all their lines from stage fright, shaking his head no. Sam floundered trying to find words but settled on running his hands through his hair; a tell-tale sign his little brother felt uncomfortable and frazzled.
“Dude, you can’t be—”
He could vividly remember entering the warehouse, clearing the office, and a bullet exploding the white powder in his hand rather than his skull like a ripe melon on a hot day. As he washed his hands, the images in his recollection became a bit fuzzy. He remembers his helmet came off in the scramble to hit the floor as they were under fire and oh god, he thought palming his face; Dean was going to tease him relentlessly for his sneezes, he could see the mischievous
So, Dean being the totally mature adult he is coped with the news in the best he knew how—fucking his sorrows away by christening every surface of his new apartment with a different broad for a week. Joke’s on Dean though, while Cas has his belongings at There’s Probably Dead People Here mansion he actually lives at Dean’s except a few nights during the month. Other than those days Cas keeps his clothes in the spare bedroom closet, his school stuff strewn out on the coffee table in the living room, and his toothbrush and fancy chick shampoo in Dean’s bathroom.
Then Dean learned a cruel, cruel life lesson—what God gives, God can take away. The night following their fourth day of school, Castiel seemed different; he seemed distant as if his head was stuck on another planet. Parked at their favorite spot, Dean turned off the music adjusting his body to face Cas. He searched Cas’ face for the slightest clue about what had his best friend looking like someone just told him they ran over his dog.
It started with a crossed-out Dear Dean before beginning with just Dean like Cas had not been sure where to begin the letter. The first couple of sentences caught his attention—
Yeah, tomorrow could wait.
Sam breathes out the only word he can in his awestruck state, "Beautiful." In the back of his head, he bets Dean would kill to see this.
“Good, right, okay.” He stumbles over himself.
eyebrow or his
Dean pushes the car to 130 MPH, rushing blood fills his ears. He hears himself taking a ragged breath in as he expertly maneuvers the Aston to narrowly miss a car over the centerline. Thank fuck for muscle memory.
“You gonna sit there or you gonna fuck me?” Dean goads, being a bit of a brat.
His flattery seemed to win him a smile, “Since you won’t be walking out of here alive, I see no harm in telling you my name. You can call me Abaddon—” She moved her finger to the trigger of her Sig 9mm, “—Now hand over Dick and your delicious partner here doesn’t eat a bullet.”
“You were high!” Dean cut in.
With a signed warrant from the judge and Sam and Charlie heading towards the safe house, Dean tapped his fingers in time with radio along the steering of his Baby while pulling into the Roman Enterprises parking lot.
Everyone including Sam is stunned solid.
Even from the sidelines Sam could see the vein pulsing in Henry's forehead as he continued his speech, "Getting it in the tail-pipe from a damn CHEVY IMPALA!"
“Cas,” Dean does not whine, as the other man on a gosh dang mission ignores him and leads them through the house, dramatically throwing open the door containing the stairs down to the basement all whilst never letting go of Dean’s wrist. He’s dripping water all over the floor and will probably end up with a cold from hanging out in wet clothes, but all his mind can process is the scorching, tingling sensation wrapped about his wrist.
Dean is unaware of which one of them breaks the kiss first, but when they do separate, they’re both panting a little. Cas flashes Dean a predatory smile that has Dean vibrating from his toes to the tips of his ears. Snatching Dean’s wrist, Cas weaves them in and out of the crowds of people towards the open night sky.
Peeking over his shoulder again, Dean catches Cas opening and closing his mouth before breaking out in a blinding, head-shaking smile, “My, my Dean Winchester where have you been hiding this philosopher this whole time?”
Did you see the art this chapter? Please, please go give
“Bobby,” Dean began, as Cas protested, “Sir—”
Yeah, Dean knew Cas totally let him win at rock-paper-scissors. Fucker threw the game without a thought of hesitation; dude hasn’t even looked at him since they left the club.
"Kevin you know Cas has a weird sense of humor,"
Yeah, he feels like shit. He rolls over trying to smother himself in his pillow.
“Hello, hello.” The accent carried as his partner pulled open the black framed glass door allowing him and Charlie to enter. Cas followed behind, but once the man caught sight of him, he parted Charlie and Dean like the red sea, “Castiel, always a pleasure. I see you brought friends.”
Voss reaches out and shakes Dean's hand, "Could say about you Winchester with that Cobra of yours. Your guy Novak, he's impressive."
Fifteen sets of footsteps padded softer than a kitten upon the warehouse with Dean leading the charge. He signaled to those behind to begin the split. The party split seamlessly into three groups of five in order to cover all the entrances and exits. Once the parties were waiting outside their targeted locations, flashbangs were rolled inside, and then like a tornado in the middle of a thunderstorm, they'd descended on the warehouse through the lingering flashbang smoke.
before delving into the sweet burning relief of alcohol. He hands the glass back after his usual whiskey burn. A satisfying ah from the whiskey fills the space as Dean waits for Cas’s next instructions.
At the same time, Cas questioned “Gabriel?” like he had gotten hit in the head and couldn’t believe his eyes.
The Captain pulled him into his office, not two seconds after the line went dead, “Son,” Bobby placed a firm hand on his shoulder, “I need you to keep your wits about you; you know we don’t negotiate with hostiles, not on foreign soil.”
“Is there anyone willing to corroborate your whereabouts?” Cas’ gravelly voice followed up on Dean’s line of questioning. Time for a little Bad Cop, Worse Cop questioning.
"Relax," Crowley says.
Video clips of their high-speed Donkey-Kong styled chase flashed on the screen. Honestly, the videographer needed a raise because the splices of clips mended together were fantastic. Dean hated to admit it, but the video made the whole chase look as if it was cut from a Michael Bay movie; nothing but big explosions and gunfire.
Ugh, there was no worse feeling than wet socked feet. Well except maybe wet, cold, soaked
After two weeks of trying the proper, romantic way without success, Dean says fuck it; he’s doing this seduction the Winchester way.
His bladder though, kindly reminded Castiel that it also existed and needed attention. Ugh, he tried shifting, his limbs each a two-ton weight. His mind thudded against his skull as he strained to crawl out of his bed? Yes, he was in fact in his bed, leaving him with so many questions; questions he would focus on later when he wasn’t on the verge of peeing his pants.
The asshole he decided to spend the rest of his life with tickles his stomach. Dean about chokes on the candy in his mouth trying to stop himself from chuckling.
“Cas, I’m the one who should mmhmm—” Castiel crashed his lips against Dean, devouring the remnants of the sentence on Dean’s tongue. If the forbidden fruit had tasted half as delectable and sweet as Dean’s lips, Castiel understood exactly why the original sin was committed; heaven wasn’t a place, it was a feeling—one he had found in the slide of Dean’s lips against his own.
If being a really big IF, they were wrong,  raiding the building and turning up bupkis would blow their covers, Sam and Charlie would both be in jeopardy. Who knew Dick’s reach? And Sam still hadn’t discovered the leak in the Attorney’s office. After a round table discussion about their findings on the warehouse, Dick, Balthazar, and the way they all came together like a Thomas Kinkade puzzle, the team agreed the reward would be worth the risk.
“How about this,” Dean said, taking another step forward causing Abaddon to shove her 9mm underneath Cas’s chin but the sight didn’t deter Dean. “You get your grubby hands off my partner and you get to keep all your fingers for when I haul your ass off to prison bitch.”
Garth looked like he was trying to swallow a brick; hands coming up to his sides in an I come in peace manner, he said, “Dean, Dean…why would I know something like that? I’m just a mechanic fella.”
White clouded his vision followed by the unmistakable sound of a round being popped off.
Following Dean’s words to a T; Charlie winked, sipped her drink, waited about five seconds before turning back to Balthazar, batting her eyelashes.
Instead of meeting his partner’s blue eyes which glowed against his black backdrop of a suit, he smiled at Charlie, “Ready Tom Cruise?”
The line picked up on the second ring. “Captain,” Castiel started and was promptly cut off by the Captain’s gruff voice.
Crowley huffs, "Are you serious? This would take years! Hello, decades of testing and development for us to a build the kind of program—"
There's no place for you at Ford Motor Company."
as soon as we get home than get my ass kicked.”
Why did Cas look so damn upset? Why did he wander off and not closer? Dean knows Cas saw him kissing Lisa, but he’s seen Dean kiss a few girls over Junior year and never such a reaction graced his best friend’s face. Oh.
Walking into the living room, the three stooges were already divulged into conversation introductions between them seemingly over with. “My apologies Sam,” Cas spoke, his eyes staring hard at Sam’s face and not his brother’s naked form.
The phone clicked through after the second ring and a gruff, “Boy do you not—”
“Sexually intimate and sexually satisfied are two different things, Feathers,” Dean threw in, basking in Dick’s slipping smile and fuck off stare. Man, Dean would never get tired of knocking assholes like Dick down a peg.
Even after all this, Cas had the strength to roll his eyes at Dean. Apparently being kidnapped didn’t dampen his sassiness, “I can think of a million other things I can do with my
“—Feathers, he wanted to do this the Winchester way. I promise once around the parking lot and he’ll crack.” Playing dirty, Dean bit his lip flashing his best glittery green puppy dog eyes. “We really need a new lead, I pinky promise once around the parking lot.” Dean held out his pinky, puppy dogs eyes still intact though they weren’t hiding the mischievousness in them. Only Dean could best him in a battle of resolve.
“Yeah, yeah, I owed my dear Cassie a favor.” Gabriel’s eyes slid to Sam, crunching the last bit of his lolly, “And I must say I owe him another.”
. Pressed completely front to back, Dean rested his head on Castiel’s shoulder; his neck beautifully elongated and his hips guiding Castiel’s into wide figure eights. Unable to tell which was beating faster the bass music or his heart, Castiel lost himself to the rhythm Dean set, letting his hands roam naturally over the contours of his partner’s gift from the God's body. As Dean raised a hand, he tangled his fingers into the soft strands at the back of Castiel’s head.
Getting the hint, he made his way downwards leaving a trail of goosebumps in his wake.
“My carelessness cost us the satisfaction of seeing this case to the end,” Cas pointed out the obvious, furrowing his brows.
“I have a whole dresser drawer filled.”
“Boy, I said the U.S. government doesn’t work with hostiles, I never said we were going to leave one of our own in the hands of some damn criminal; we get him ourselves.”
"Kevin," Gabriels grabs the officials arm, yanking him to the side and away from Cas. Past them Dean sees Cole Trenton and a very richly dressed man.
“Boy, you better be dead if you’re calling me instead of recovering,”
Feeling the warmth of the wax again, Dean has decided to sew his mouth shut so more stupid would be allowed to leak out. Cas didn’t lie about this hurting less which to Dean is a relief.
He scoured Google reviews and Yelp, burning his eyes late until the late reading page after page of reviews. Castiel Novak—Horn and Halos top-rated esthetician for first-timers—has the most positive reviews for any place in the city of Lawrence. Many of the comments state the man is as kind as he is clinical making the entire waxing process effortless. So, feeling confident in this guy’s abilities from the reviews Dean booked his appointment hoping the guy really was good at handling first-timers as everyone claims.
Mr. High and Mighty strode over to them with overly calculated steps as if not to appear eager or worried. “Gentlemen.”
a trunk." Cas huffs as Gabriel breaks out in a smile then a laugh.
“Over my dead body, you idjit! Dean called me last night and told me about you being accidentally drugged.”
With two strides of his legs, Dean was crowding Garth up against the tire tower. “Nope, but I did hear word on the street up some fancy new X floating around.” Dean leaned closer as Garth leaned back further into the rubber tower. “You wouldn’t happen to know anything about that would ya?”
, he’d call you liar with a wink.
“We were in my bedroom having sexual relations if you must know.”
Dean felt a pang of guilt; one of these days he was going to be the reason Bobby had a pulmonary.
Dean leaned forward and cut him off, “I have no intentions of hurting Cas, but let me set things straight here. I’m thankful for your help but don’t think I haven’t seen the way you’ve been eyeing my brother.”
Looking up from car building heaven, Sam notices a sweeping across the floor to meet them.
Instead of a smile, Sam faces a deep frown from Henry, "There both detergents."
Dean realized his grave miscalculation of the situation two seconds too late for as strong as he was, even in his inebriated state,  Cas was just as strong using his own weight once he was on his feet to counteract Dean’s, causing him to stumble into the shower after him.
And Dean would be lying if said he didn’t fucking love being manhandled because hot damn Cas is freaky strong and there are not many guys who can lift his heavy ass off the ground but Cas could; Dean vibrates with the knowledge that later when they’re not jerking each other roughly in the middle of the fucking woods, Cas can pick him up by the thighs and throws him onto his memory foam.
A tug on his wrist had Dean turning to his partner’s steel eyes. “We go in together, we get out together.”
His mind blanked, the need to finish the letter overrode his higher brain functions—'
“Okay, tell me what you bought first…” Cas says. Dean explains the product he bought, and Cas walks him step by step through the douching process. After the initial snicker Cas is nothing but professional and clinical in his instructions and explanations. He even throws in some advice on a better brand and some tips on bottoming for the first time.
“Come on Feathers, my brother drives his Prius better than you,” Dean goaded, knowing damn well his partner was the best defensive, hell even offensive, driver he’d ever had the pleasure of sitting shotgun with.
Fiddling with his keys, Dean took a small
“Why don’t you make us,” Dean goaded with an eyebrow wiggle. The guard was a bigger man, Dean’s height with a rock-solid muscle build—nothing he hadn’t seen before or couldn’t handle.
Castiel closed his eyes with the hope that tomorrow with four sets of fresh eyes and a hunch on the invoice would be enough to crack this case wide open.
“Ah—” Dean withered as Castiel choked around the dick punching the back of his throat, “—Not gonna last—fuck your mouth is heaven—”
“Well funny story there,” Dean said, gun still pointed high, “Seems since the bust, your authority has been called into question and I’ve also heard you pay like shit.” Dean moved his finger to the trigger, testing the limits of the 5-pound trigger. “So, the question was what army I brought? The answer is yours.”
“Well I sure as hell can, we put our careers on the line with this case; my brother’s and Charlie’s life were on the line with this case and Bobby’s telling me I don’t get to bring in the scumbag behind all of it?” Castiel arched an eyebrow at the venom Dean was spitting; maybe starting with work was a bad idea. “Nah, fuck that. Dick was supposed to our collar, supposed to personally see that pompous asshole behind bars.”
Deft fingers tease the bottom hem of Dean’s panties, a playful snippet of what’s to come. Teeth nibble Dean’s bottom lip right before a tongue slides in and devours his moan. Dean’s hips rock forward on their own accord  chasing any kind of friction. Breaking apart for air, Cas caresses Dean’s cheek while grasping his ass cheek and pulling him completely flush with his scrubs.
“Hold onto your dick, Feathers,” Dean said, flashing Cas his infamous
“I do! Which makes me crazier than the two of you knuckle-heads,” the Captain sighed, scratching at his beard with a frown before leveling the both of them with a hard-set stare. “What do you need from me?”
"He called you pig-headed..."
“Pineapples?”
Only as his breath started to slow did it pick back up again.
“And after the charity event, is there anyone who can corroborate your whereabouts?” Dean questioned.
Dropping his voice an octave, bordering on growling, he said, “If anything goes sideways, we get out of there you hear me? Especially you Charlie, if you feel even the tiniest bit something is off you bolt okay? Feathers and I can handle ourselves, but we need you safe we don’t know who Dick has out looking for you.”
Dean watched Cas melt at Charlie’s enthusiasm, probably not understanding her references at all, his face softening and fuck those damn crinkles in the corner of his eyes fucking crinkling a bit more, making his partner look extra soft. “Alright James Bond, let’s go.”
“Ouch, first Cassie is my favorite cousin and I’d hate to see him die; second if you want into Cuba without making a peep, I’m your guy. I have how do you say—select resources we are going to need to pull this off.”
If he was wearing fresh boxers and these were probably Dean’s wet clothes…then…then…
Thankfully, Cas furrowed his brow and clicked his tongue cracking open his eyes and staring at an unnerving softness followed by an even softer, “Freckles.”
And then a truth.
One down, one to go.
Feeling the familiar tingle in balls, Dean’s not going to last long if Cas keeps sucking him down like a gosh damn milkshake in the heart of summer. A string of curses breaks up Dean’s moans, he’s not ready to blow his load yet, not when he hasn’t even gotten his hands on that beautiful body he’s had wet dreams about.
“Holy shit,” Dean says, coming down from his high. He frowns seeing his poor Batman shirt completely soaked. “Awe man come on. I liked this shirt.” And really Dean doesn’t care about his ruined shirt, but he can’t help pouting when Cas is chuckling at him.
Yeah, if someone, anyone really could put Dean out of his misery right now he’d really, really fucking appreciate it. His ass in the air was not really the position Dean wanted to be in while shoving all the
“Dean do you know what you’re saying?”
“What do you think?  Roman's in on it?” his partner questioned as Dean started Baby, throwing her in reverse, the sooner they were away from this fucking place the better.
The way Cas’ kisses puts all the cheesy romance novels and movies perfect kisses to shame; his lips though chapped are soft and supple when moving possessively against Dean’s as if he were to pull away for a moment he would disappear. But Dean gives as good as he gets, this might be his first bull but it’s not his first rodeo.
Dean scrubbed his free hand down his face, “Jesus man, you were fucked up.”
, they set the raid at night in two days’ time after hashing a few plan details and time arrangements. After hanging up, Dean felt giddy and anxious all at once. Raids were one of the fun perks of the job, and with chasing after these dickbags he hasn’t seen a raid in close to a year. But on the flip side of the coin, raids were notoriously dangerous even in full gear. The gamble of never knowing what they were walking into. The top of the danger sundae 99% of the time was, the bad guys had guns and they always shot back. Even with all the life-threatening risks, Dean wasn’t afraid; he’d have Cas watching his back and the opportunity to hopefully end this.
“I spent the majority of the evening entertaining the Chief of Police and City Governor,” Dick responded, but Dean wasn’t buying his 'roses don’t smell like shit' act.
“Dean, Sam will have eyes on us the whole time. I can do this,” Charlie said, her voice strong even though Dean knew she was trying to console his nerves.
His partner’s eyes fluttered open to reveal the usual baby blues looking like they took two shots of jalapeño juice straight to iris’s—red, splotchy, and watery. The usual disapproving scowl replaced with an eye-crinkling, gummy smile. Cas as a whole right now reminded Dean of the sun, if the sun smoked stockpiles of weed. Seeing the bloodshot eyes and the weird lax easiness of his posture, all added up to one thing—Cas was high; high as a fucking kite. His brain worked overtime supplying the facts his mouth couldn’t muster; Cas had his face shield up when the bag exploded in his face, he must have inhaled some during the whole encounter or when he had his rabbit seizure sneezes.
Between the tree eating his back and the pressure from Cas’s thigh pressed against Dean’s solid erection, it’s the perfect balance of pleasure and pain.
“Legally? Yes.” Gabe shrugged like it was the most obvious honest, “Besides the Novak fortune, I am filthy rich in my own right. Casa Erotica is a company I built from the ground up and remains one of the world’s leading adult film producers and to this day I am the majority shareholder.”
, and
Charlie hummed, a small smile on her face. “I’m not sure but there is always a need for people with my skill set, I only worked at Roman Enterprises because they paid well.” Charlie shrugged a shoulder. “I realize now, money isn’t everything.”
his previous promotions without the help of whispered favoritism some of the other officers thought Dean had been shown. He busted his ass day in and day out to work through the ranks and you know what? Dean managed it all on his own. His accomplishments were his alone and he didn’t need some other asshat following him around like some lost puppy slowing him down.
Cas tilted his head in that stupid adorable way he always did. After six months Dean figured the gesture would lose its appeal but nope still just as cute as the first time he had seen it. Cas furrowed his brow trying to piece together why the hell he was being woken up with a splash of water to the face, “A witness?” he asked suspiciously, “A witness to what exactly?”
Sipping a tad more, Dean followed Cas’ lead, settling into the couch before wading through the pile of rap sheets on the men they had arrested today.
*~*~*~*~*
“Seems we have a truce on our hands,” Gabe finally smiled, melting back into the leather chair.
With a little digging through the documents on the flash drive, Charlie was able to connect the invoice Cas found with some corresponding rent receipts and other sales documents. Looking at the connecting documents and following their trail, Charlie produced an address for the warehouse.
The dude just shrugs, Dean surmises Cas has been asked this question a hundred times but he’s genuinely curious about the answer, “I had no idea what I wanted to do when I graduated. My co-owner is also my childhood best friend. When she decided she wanted to do this, I followed along. Turns out I surprisingly don’t mind staring at genitals all day,” Cas says, somewhat boldly and clinically like a doctor delivering someone’s prognosis, “I like my job,” and Cas’s small laugh is somewhat contagious and Dean smiles at it, “I make decent money, set my own my hours mostly, and my clients are always rather nice.”
As if the last drips into the pot were a summoning sigil, Dean magically appeared disheveled and frowning. Grabbing two mugs, Castiel poured himself one then added in the right amount of sugar that Dean liked to the other before handing over the mug to him.
Breathless yet demanding, “Fuck me,” Dean moaned.
Damn, they made a good team; Abaddon went down with a shout; gun skirting across the concrete floor.
Cas sighed, posture stiffening. “Dean insisted on going in guns blazing,” he said at the same time Sam said, “Tell me about Kevin,”
Angel? A flare of possessiveness simmered beneath Dean’s skin as Crowley made himself more than friendly with his partner; the man's eyes trailing over Cas very appreciatively. “It’s always nice to be able to dress such a…fine physique. What will it be tonight?”
Finally, after silently declaring to set the pants on fucking fire they decided to cooperate, and Dean managed to free Cas from their confines.
Between their daily banter and arguments—don’t get him started on the whole ‘Driver picks the music and shotgun shuts his cakehole’ argument, though Castiel did discover he rather enjoyed Led Zeppelin but would take a knife to the leg before he admitted it to Dean—they did manage to get some fine police work done. Well, they did when Dean actually followed the plan instead of kicking the door in followed by trying to take on the biggest guy in the room. Or when Dean wasn’t trying to eat Castiel out of house and home. Seemed once he had earned Dean’s respect, Dean felt compelled to come over to his loft to do their brainstorming and follow-up work.
Two steps ahead of everyone else, Charlie dug around her backpack, producing her laptop and the possible drug-empire-toppling drive. Charlie set her laptop on the table gingerly, as if setting it down harder than with a featherlight touch would shatter it, and flipped the lid open.
“Feel free to call me anytime, Dean. And good luck tonight,”
“Dean—” he growled, seconds away from snatching the keys out of Dean’s hands and freeing Baby’s newly acquired luggage.
Click, the slide changes to a picture of a baby, "They had sex. Lots of it."
Time restarts as Dean’s lips dissolve into a fond smile.
Netflix and chill turns out to be Netflix, beer, laughs, lightly kissing, and chill. Aaron is great and by the time Dean is wishing him good evening he realizes he likes Aaron—likes him like a really good friend. Dean teeters on the line between feeling shitty for Aaron because Dean can’t be the guy he needs and feeling relief because Dean’s discovered what he wants in a relationship with a man.
“Don’t worry Feathers, I ain’t afraid of a little Dick,” Dean shot off with a wink, white-knuckling the steering wheel and hammering the gas a bit more, hoping Bobby could provide a little insight on their new number one enemy.
“Your car,” Cas spoke with a smirk, drumming his finger on top of Baby’s hood, “is very sexy.”
Cas must have found nothing in the cabinet for he was back by Dean’s side after a minute. His partner picked up a white-powdered filled brick, half-way flipping up his face shield to inspect the brick more closely while Dean continued flipping through the blacklist journal. It also included inside locally known drug dealers, club owners, small business owners, and some people Dean had no clue about but were going on the arrest list regardless. The journal in his hands would be priceless to a criminal, no sane drug lord would leave something this valuable behind.
Slinging an arm around his shoulders so they are still pressed close, Dean led them through the crowd heading to their hallway destination. “Act like I said something funny.” Dean leaned in, acting in a way Castiel has only seen when Dean has drowned three or four beers yet he immediately compiled, chuckling as to not raise suspicion as they break away from the horde.
“Says this is your first time?” and shit, this guy’s voice is finally registering in Dean’s head and it sounds like he swallowed a bunch of gravel and chased it with whiskey.
"I take the pills Doc, and the pills work."
Castiel scrambled back from the pile of wetness as if it would come alive and devour him whole.
Sam and Charlie had been productive while they were busy dealing with Dick. A pinboard was set up in the middle of the room—a little old school but then again Dean lived for the old school—with several mugshots already hanging.
They wait out for the sirens to die down in the basement in fresh clothes, a shared blanket, and the warmth of each other’s arms.
Leaning down, Dean kisses the pout from Cas’s face before snuggling back into his little spoon position.
Cas hums contentedly before rolling over and nudging Dean over so he can be the little spoon. He settles back into the warmth radiating from Cas’ body until his sweet tooth kicks in. Propping himself up on his elbows, Dean reaches into his poor neglected Halloween candy and digs around for a bite-sized Kit-Kat.
You feel it coming.
and blue suits raged on, Dean did another walk around of the area praying for the tiniest trace of evidence.
“Well aren’t we just a rag-tag team of avengers,” Dean comments. If they’re going to do this, going to take down some fucking criminal kingpin they’re going to need to be two, no three steps ahead, play it smart and trust fucking no one.
Nope.
In the midst of their blooming friendship, the dorky little guy somehow managed to bulldoze all of Dean’s
Dean felt his heart nearly explode as he tilted his head back to laugh. Jesus, this kid's humor would be the death of him someday.
“Is that why she calls you Clarence?”
Castiel tilted his head, a slight furrow on his brows. “I don’t understand that reference,” he said, nursing the whiskey in his hands. Maybe after they broke this case, he’d take Dean up on his movie education scheme he'd been droning on about for a few weeks now.
“Must you infuriate everyone?” The rhetorical question made Dean smirk at his partner’s sigh of deep experience with Dean’s bullshit laced words.
“You’re playing with your life! Why can’t you listen to me for two damn seconds?” Dean was exasperated. Déjà vu, he swore. Yeah, he was definitely experiencing déjà vu of their first meeting, standing toe-to-toe ready to throw fists right in the Captain’s office.
Ha. Dean flashes the good ole doc a smile. He floors it. Narrowly missing a station wagon pulling into the parking lot. Dean red lines each gear, watching the needle on the speedometer climb.
Gabe frowns as the official places the test suitcase in the trunk. Cas lifts his head from where he was tightening in a loose steering wheel screw to blatantly stare at the race official.
They took his partner, his fucking partner; hell hath no fury as a Winchester scorned.
“Shit, not hundred percent sure son but we think it’s just regular ecstasy not cut in with whatever agent they were planning on using.”
At 7000 RPM that's where you meet it.
“I’m going to dump you on the floor,” Dean warned, bluffing completely.
“I should have known Dean Winchester would be a Batman fan; too bad. I thought we could be friends,” Castiel said with a completely expressionless face which left Dean gaping at him. As Dean fumbled for words, Castiel broke out into a wicked smile. The little shit was jerking his chain! Professor Super Scowl had a sense of humor, who knew?
“Well, I think my boyfriend owes me a new pair of panties.”
“Do you want to see mine?” Cas asks, turning Dean into a statue as if Medusa looked him straight in the eyes.
best friend already in a pair of bright orange boxers and jumping one leg at a time into a pair of gym shorts. He crosses his arms while striking his power pose ready to hear whatever explanation Cas is going to offer.
challenge.
Hello! I am so glad you read this story, and made it to the end. If you read the last line, there will probably be other smaller time stamps set in this universe in the future. Don't think I forgot about Charlie or Sam in this. This work took a massive amount of time, energy, and love. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for taking time out of your busy life to read this. And thank you to all who helped me accomplish this.
Staring at his 10, Jack offsuit in his hand, Dean knows he has a shot at winning this hand and the game
The all green Aston DB4 glistens in the sun. Dean takes a deep breath, letting the feel of the leather ground him. Reaching over to the glovebox, Dean digs around for his pills. Pops two and throws the container in the passenger seat.
“Okay? That’s it? You’re going to help me?” Dean asked each question with a little less breath than the last.
And he can't help it but staring at his brother, his heart breaks a little bit more, "We'll see."
“Sam, start the van we are heading your way,” Castiel said, walking back towards the normal club activities stepping over the guard he subdued with Dean following right behind him.
A parade of cars pulls through the doors of the factory. Sam's one of the many in the entourage of lawyers, accounts, and executives.
The best part of their weekend lake excursions was they always ended their lake days eating s’mores over an open fire letting the sun dry the water from their skin. Cas and Sammy usually chatted about this or that while Dean put himself in charge of melting the marshmallow since he always toasted them the perfect golden brown. The conversations melted into one another, as well as the gooey marshmallows, did. When the stars shone overhead, they’d pack up Baby and head home warm, fishy-smelling, and exhausted. Usually, after a round of showers, Dean wiggled a smudge closer in the ever disappearing gap between them on the bed indulging himself in the smell of his soap and shampoo wafting off of a freshly showered Cas.
“Oh,” Cas said directly to his tennis shoes, “I see...Dean, I’m sorry, I--”
“Right, yeah, sorry,” Dean shook his head, the nickname grounding him back in reality.  Gathering all his traitorous thoughts into one pile and stuffing into the deepest, darkest corners of his mind, he said, “The witness asked for me personally, I guess.” He ran a hand through his hair, vowing to himself not to ogle his partner anymore.
What if Cas had changed his mind? What if Cas thought Dean was nuts driving all the way to Colorado?
gesture at his partner towards the door.
“You heard me. Get out and don’t let the door hit you on the ass on your way out sweetheart.” Dean smiled tightly, fully prepared to wrap this woman in the bedsheet like a human burrito, and deposit her ass in the hallway. Finally understanding that Dean wasn’t leaving, she threw eye-daggers at him before moving around the bedroom and pulling on her clothes.
Hello, yes. Was that torture? (Cackles). As always comments, thoughts, and concerns welcome.
“Gabriel is a porn-star.”
“I’m going to take you apart until you can’t say anything at all.” He breathed into the shell of Dean’s ear while giving his clothed dick two more rough squeezes.
“I didn’t realize being a cop meant being an off-brand lumberjack simpleton who tries and fails to intimidate others by flashing his muscles and running his ignorant mouth.”
“Yeah, yeah you’re the exception,” Dean laughed, letting his slightly bowed legs carry the weight of oversized ego.
Once the idea appeared in Dean’s mind, it paraded around center stage—alluring and ever-so tempting. Bolting upright, he picked up the envelope he had set down after he pulled out the stationary. Scrawled in the top right corner, Cas’s address. His well of hope overflowed as the ingredients of the plan cooking up his mind started coming together.
“Sam, keep an eye on her,” Cas said with a sharpness, eyes already shifting back to the guards circling the floor like a swarm of sharks around a school of fish.
"Which one?" Dean says, turning his attention back to Bobby whose walking besides him. Bobby's like the father Dean wished he would, he's the majority of the reason why Dean knows how to hold a wrench and is able to build a motor from the transmission up. He's been supportive through every aspect of Dean's career. It only made sense to bring Bobby on as his advisor and business partner when he started Winchester Motors.
“I took advantage of you.”
Thinking logically as he paced a whole in the tile at the station, kidnappings tended to be followed by demands and as much as it was killing he’d have to be patient—wait for whoever thought they were hot shit to call and demand whatever in exchange for his partner’s life.
The ruffle of paper echoes as the silence of the factory floor is almost palpable. "Do you hear that?" Silence. "Remember that sound. It is the sound of the Ford Motor Company *out of business!*"
But the real threat was to his precious Baby, and her slick metal body possibly suffering hail damage. Over my dead body, Dean thinks. Without another thought hesitation he runs out into the hail and wind; he needs to get his girl in the garage. Berating himself for the one time he doesn’t take the time to put Baby in the damn garage is the time she needs to be safe the most.
Cas picks the mallet up off the ground and turns to Dean, obviously caught off guard, “Kevin.”
1 Hour Later
There!
“Dean…” Cas trails, voice filled with a distressed Dean’s only heard when Cas is overly worried.
Cas tilted his head and looked at Dean and Dean shrugged in response; who knew what that was about. Dean led the other two out of the diner and to Baby like a mommy duck with her babies. Being a gentleman, Cas offered Charlie the front seat, even holding the door open for her. Charlie seemed fidgety but given what the girl had been through in the past 24 hours, it was understandable. Hell, everyone in the car was having a crazy past 24 hours, maybe the world was delving into chaos after all.
What a horrible man he was; he should be ashamed ogling his defenseless partner while he snores like an angry bear, especially after his indiscretion in the shower. But rather than shame, adoration for the bear in his bed bloomed in his chest followed with flowers of dread. Exhaling deeply, he would beg on his knees for forgiveness for his actions. Even being drugged didn’t excuse his actions, he would need to apologize but for now, he would let Dean simply sleep.
"All the cheesy romance novels I read and turns out you're the romantic sap."
Both men moan as Cas bottoms out in one long thrust. Dean knows he’ll have bruises tomorrow by the way Cas is gripping his hips, but he doesn’t care. Cas waits a moment, letting Dean get used to his girth before he shallowly snaps his hips back and forth.
A chuckle comes from behind Dean’s back as he pops the crunchy chocolate wafer in his mouth, “Mhm, best Halloween ever,” Dean chews, putting the wrapper on the bedside table to throw away later.
Dean opened his eyes while Lisa pulled back to catch her breath. He scanned the room catching his favorite dark colored mop of hair sipping between two beers with the most sourpuss look on his face like the time he shoved a whole bag of sour patch kids in his mouth on a dare. Chuckling inside his head at his best friend, Dean turned his attention back to the beautiful girl in his arms because when would he have another shot at the hottest girl in school. She smiled waiting for more but before Dean dipped back in, he shot another glance to make sure Cas was okay or at least socializing. In Cas’ place, he spotted two half-empty beer bottles and no Cas. Assuming Cas had just wandered to some other part of the house, Dean kissed Lisa again. Yet in the back of his mind, something nagged at him.
He believed in consent and Cas was nowhere in the right mind to consent to anything. So, Dean did the most respectful thing his shot to hell mind could manage, he shoved his face into the back of Cas’s neck peeling his body away from the other man as much as he could, except Cas wasn’t having any of it.
Within minutes the warehouse was surrounded by police vehicles, a fire truck, an ambulance, and of course the coroner. Eyeing Cas, “You Good?” Dean asked.
More menus popped up equally filled with lines of HTML code and maybe ones and zeros; Dean reached over to grab the bottle of Jack, his eyes swimming from staring at the screen. Taking a swig, Dean ignored the two sets of arched eyebrows from his partner and his brother.
Dean feels the stone curse reversing, “Does that really work?”
Tears spilled as her choked sob interrupted her story. Dean had to give credit where credit was due, Charlie was a tough cookie managing to hold her cool together until now. Sam stroked a reassuring hand up and down her back, his face just as broken despite his façade. Charlie’s next few words were the most important: two men carrying pistols gunned down Kevin after he had valiantly stood up to them, his mocking a small victory. He gave his life to protect her and the flash drive, she hiccupped as she told them it was the first time she'd seen someone fire a gun let alone shoot someone. Her voice crumpled the way Kevin did in her description as she retold the next few moments: Kevin going down, her flight or fight instincts kicking in, her hasty escape, the Russian or German accents. Dean nodded, catching Cas taking notes out of his peripheral—nerd—and any other time Dean would be giving him shit about it but now was not the time.
“Dude, do you only own orange underwear?” The question slipped from his tongue before he could bite it back.
Hanging up the phone, she schooled her features painting on a vibrant smile which didn’t reach her eyes. “Welcome to Roman Enterprises.”
"Coffee." Gabe says and heads for the house. All Cas can do is follow behind and watch Gabe through the mentions of making a pot of coffee and getting out their usual mugs.
“Alright buddy, we need to keep you hydrated and the first sign of trouble I’m knocking your ass out cold and taking you to the damn hospital,” Dean said, lifting the glass of water to Cas’ lips. Instinctively, Cas began drinking, gulping down the liquid as fast as Dean would let him. After the second round of water, Cas seemed much more coherent but still very…silly. And still very warm, his unruly hair curling from the sweat beading on his forehead.
Obnoxious as the whole situation was, Garth did know about heavy drug activity happening in a house right off the highway; also claiming he wasn’t sure what kind of activity, but it was heavily guarded and top secret. After collecting all the information they deemed relevant, they headed back to the station to beg the Captain for a warrant and formulate a plan of attack.
Dean nods, not trusting his words not to fuck up whatever Cas is internally trying to decide to disclose.
Over the course of the week, Dean spent every night at Castiel’s working on their joint line memorization, thankful they were assigned minor character parts and even more thankful for the time that allowed Dean to get to really know Castiel. And getting to know him was like opening Pandora’s Box, Castiel was everything, yet nothing Dean was expecting—an utter paradox. Cas—a nickname Dean bestowed on him after their first study sleepover—teetered the line between shy and snarky, was completely oblivious to sarcasm despite his quick-witted dry humor; his scowl was worse than his bite. Dean often joked that the kid just suffered from perpetual resting bitch face which always earned him said stellar bitch face accompanied by an over-dramatic eye roll.
When they break apart for air, Cas pulls back slowly moving a fraction away from Dean only, so he can nuzzle his forehead against Dean’s.
Something caught his attention, the folder in Castiel’s hand contained a series of paper rent bills for a building; judging by the address the building was more likely a boat warehouse. A club owner had no need for a shipping warehouse, unless he was involved in the drug trade and used it to move merchandise who knows where under the radar.
Ugh, this case, it was getting to him.
“Oh, what would you rather me say during our run-of-the-mill car chase? Huh?” Cas said, tone nothing short downright irritable.
"Cole!" Dean bounces over, they'd race against each other years ago.
Sam bites his lip, he doesn't know the guy but he can say the poor fellow looks paler than a white sheet, "In 1962 for—for—every—Ford dr—driven off the lots—"
“Hey!” Dean hollered, all three heads turning towards him like a teacher scolding a group of children. Hurling the garments in his hands at his brother’s head, Dean felt a thrum of satisfaction at the bitch face he received when his little brother pulled the clothes from his face and started slipping them on, a slight flush on his face. “Now, let’s do this right.” Dean said, slipping into his detective side, “Charlie, tell us everything from the beginning, don’t leave any detail out no matter how small or insignificant you think it is okay?” She nodded in response. “Sam, after Charlie you better come clean with what is going on, no secrets you hear me? We need every piece of information we can get.” Sam nodded as well, then turned to Charlie, gesturing for her to sit on the couch.
“More than ready, I miss my set-up, my gear.” She smiled a smile so bright it could outshine the sun, “The Queen is ready to return to her kingdom.”
"Am I FUCKING ON FIRE?!"
posturing bullshit Dean preferred the shortened version of Castiel’s name rather than the stupid spur of the moment nickname Dean had given him, although feathers stuck like glue which in turn meant so did freckles; and his partner’s fucking attitude.
Resigning himself to his fate, Dean stepped closer to Cas. “Alright buddy, we gotta cool you down,” Dean said, approaching slowly unsure if Cas was going to fight him like an uncooperative, menacing three-year-old. A flashback of when Sam was a baby popped into his mind and if his memory served him right; wrestling his little brother into clothes was just as hard as wrestling him out of them.
,” Singer explained. “Team being the key word here son. This is a promotion, not a punishment.”
“I’m sure he’s—” Bobby started.
“What?” Cas hisses with utter disbelief.
“I’m here Feathers, I need you to keep your eyes open; okay?” Cas nodded, reaching up and stroking Dean’s cheek with the back of his hand. Dean snatched his wrist while rumbling for his cell phone in his pocket. He needed to call Bobby.
It's a split second, but he narrowly misses the 4 car. Swerving around the 4 car, Cas rockets through the dust and smoke the 4 car leaves in it wake as it slides off the track.
wink. Dean clambered out the window cursing Italian carmakers for making their windows so unfunctional as he situated himself on the window seal. Cas would probably murder him for putting his boots on the cream-colored leather, but a little dirt was nothing in comparison to the cheese-grater bumper the poor girl was sporting by now.
His racing rollercoaster of emotions in a matter of minutes had him feeling wide awake and he could really use some aspirin for his insistent headache. But first…
The end of summer was marked by Lisa’s “Summer Bash”. Taking one look inside the house at all the horny and drunk teenagers, anyone could see it was more a “Downright Disaster”. Dean managed to maneuver Cas through the throngs of teenagers to the living room. Cas offered to find them some beers if Dean would find their other friends or call next for the beer pong table. For a kid who never played sports Cas had an innate talent for sinking ping pong balls into red solo cups.
—damn Cas knew him so well—
“Such a boy scout,” Dean teased, except the predatory gleam in his eyes at Castiel’s newly freed cock betrayed the goading in his voice.
“No about when we would ever need to use algebra in real life.” Cas rolls eyes, “Yes about sex, Dean.”
“Until his CI was murdered but not before the clever little guy managed to hand off the evidence he collected to a trusted individual.” Dean finished his partner’s sentence; it was something Dean’s noticed and had been hoping more and more.
His basement is partially finished but still resembles your average there’s probably been a murder down here basements. Nonetheless, Cas hauled his ass down here, and luckily, he remembered to flip the light on as they trotted down the stairs.
Cas threw him a menacing side-eye, jolting the steering wheel to the left and throwing Dean into the passenger door. Dean cursed under his breath, berating himself for thinking seatbelts were for pussies. Watching the last available car on the trailer thrash and hurdled its way towards them, a string of explicit curse words passed between the partners.
He pops the clutch, smashing the gas.
“Nope, that’s not true,” Dean said with a smirk, rechambering his pistol, “I said Miami PD first, then shot my way through the meth house. You’re the one who was too busy to notice the slime bucket slither out with half his goons and hop onto that monstrosity we are now chasing.”
“Cas,” He says, letting the name fill the space between them.
Dean chokes on his tongue, that’s a hell of a way to phrase things. Damn, how much oil is he covered in? Dean thinks ignoring the chanting naughty kitty position echoing through his head; ungluing himself from the paper as if his ass is one end of a Chinese finger trap and the paper is the other.
“AYYYYYEEEEEEE!” Dean arches his back off the table as Cas yanks the wax strip. Fuck whoever said it’s just like ripping a band-aid off, Dean thinks and adds to the thought for good measure, that person can kindly fuck off.
“I’d say he better treat you right or I’d break his legs, it’s my job as a big brother to protect you,” he waited only a beat, “Do you like a boy?”
driving.
Cas’s eyes darken while he steps forward pushing himself harder into Dean’s hand. Rapid bursts of thumping beneath Dean’s fingertips distracts him from the disappearing inches between him and Cas. Even with a height difference in Dean’s favor, Cas seems to peer down on him radiating every bit of the alpha he says he is.
“Does he want you guys to leave? I’m sure Cas wouldn’t mind you guys crashing here while things get sorted out and Charlie feels comfortable to go home again,” Dean suggested.
“Come out, come out wherever you are,” Dean called out, approaching the center tentatively.
“You’re beautiful Dean,” Cas whispers, diving back in for a kiss in order to silence any of Dean’s protests.
He screams, the noise lost amongst the sound of screeching tires and engine revs.
Neither man moved an inch after the introductions, both engaged in a jousting of cold glares.
Miami PD: Headquarters
“Fuck,” is all Dean can manage as his cock springs free lightly smacking against his shirt. Unaware of when he closed his eyes, Dean peels them open to see Cas staring at his dick like it’s the 8th wonder of the world. “Pervert,” Dean teases and Cas looks up at him with a desperate hunger before sinking to his knees.
“Five years?” Dean states more than questions, “You’ve been keeping this from me for five years, what the hell Cas?”
“Breach, breach,” Dean yelled into his earpiece. While some of Abaddon’s men were able to be bought, they had to take out the ones that could not be. Dean wasn’t taking any chances on any lingering goons again. He didn’t bother waiting for the sound of the footfalls of the other men to rush forward to his partner.
"The rookie? Number 4."
Maybe, if there was a God, he would show Dean some mercy and Cas would not remember a single thing after the raid; a complete blank so Dean wouldn’t have to fill in the gaps of his partner jerking himself—achingly slow and teasing--off in a lukewarm shower while moaning his name. Yeah, Dean would rather jump off a cliff than try and explain whatever the fuck this was.
Breaking their heated slide of lips, Cas leans back to also pull down his orange boxers. And Dean must be the luckiest man in the world because Cas’ cock is gorgeous—girthy, long, and leaking.
Taking a shaking breath, Sam feels it in his bones.
He’s been stumbling around the throng of trees for the better part of thirty minutes now. Frustration is starting to seep in when Dean hears it. A snap of a twig or branch. Fuck. His breath hitches as he throws himself behind the nearest tree fumbling with his phone to turn off his flashlight.
to himself to never become attached to someone in such a way, fucking swore to himself he’d never have a partner; be a solo detective act for as long as the force would have him.
“You kicked in the front door!”
—I—come on man, I just saved you and you’re going to put me on the spot?”
“I was at a charity function late into the evening.”
Unlinking his arms, Dean pushed on Castiel’s chest putting a small gap between them. Panic coursed through his entire body, an apology was on the tip of his tongue when Dean turned around and squatted in an entirely sinful manner, he didn’t know his partner was capable of. As Dean came up, he grabbed both Castiel’s hands and
Leveling Chuck with a steady gaze, Dean takes off his sunglasses and plasters on his most charming smile, "Chuck, I'm so glad you asked. What you heard is no more than horse-shit. Winchester motors is better than ever. We got a key number of sponsors not just Good-Year. Ford. AC over in England. And you know, we just got an order for twenty Cobras from a company in Spain. So, I hope you stick that in your pipe and smoke it."
Dean unconsciously licked his lips, trying to combat the
Guard dog damn near broke the dance floor slamming his ass to the ground so hard. Quickly, Cas yanked the guard's arm across his chest, turning him over. His knee firmly pressed into his spine while folding his arm tightly in a painful upwards motion so the back of his hand smashed flat in between his shoulder blades. There was no question that Cas had full control of him, he could've done untold damage with his knee digging into his lumbar region and his arm inches away from dislocating. And yet Cas demonstrated grace by asking for a clear yield.
"We might be looking for a driver for our number 2 car. Think your angel could make the grade?"
Dean nodded, trying to inhale air. An unsanctioned black op was risky—possibly career-ending.
If Cas was brave enough to spill his feelings, Dean could be brave enough to return them—
Click. Click. Pictures of boring, plain 50's cars flashes across the screen, "Now seventeen years later, those babies have grown up. Got jobs. Licenses."
Kevin wiggles out Dean’s arm and walks away knowing he’s beaten. Gabriel shakes his head and leaves to go talk to Bobby who has stood by and silently witnessed the whole thing. Dean glances over at the old man and his face says it all—
He stuffed his feelings into neat little boxes and shoved those boxes into the furthest, darkest corners of his mind.
“Yeah?” Cas pulled back to look at Dean before using the sleeve of his shirt to wipe at his eyes.
Sam lets go of the protector, brings himself to his full height and straightens his own suit.
“Some are blood, some were loyal followers of my father thus are now loyal to me, and some have joined me over the years for various reasons,”
“Oh, he’s on it. But we have what he's looking for, we need to keep Charlie safe at all costs. He knows she has the flash drive. Roman’s got resources if he managed to move a body and cover-up it like it never happened.” Checking both ways before pulling onto the street, Dean set Baby on a path back to the station.
Castiel called his driving service which he gave more business than he would have liked to after becoming Dean’s partner while Crowley finished piecing together his outfit for the evening. He was also on a first-name basis with the high-end luxury car dealer in town much to his dismay. Seems bullet holes were becoming an increasing factor in how often he was replacing his sports cars.
This is Cas, Dean reminds himself. Cas waxes assholes all day and answers the world’s oddest questions if Dean can ask any it’s this guy. “Yes, everything’s fine.”
Cas tilted his head up at Dean, squinting his eyes as if to discern the reason why Dean was currently hovering in his space. Even loosey-goosey, somethings about Cas never change.
Somewhere between summer nights their shoulder touches grew bolder, stares lingered only until they were covered up by a cough, and Dean took every chance to brush his hand up against Cas’. Between those moments that small shift in Dean’s chest from weeks ago had become a constant low simmer whenever Cas was in his presence. Dean ignored it, mostly writing off the simmer as admiration because who wouldn’t admire someone like his best friend? Someone who was witty, sharp, a tad bit different, but downright cute in the best ways. But whenever Cas flashed Dean his gummy smile or deadpanned a retort, the warm thrumming in his veins wouldn’t dissipate.
Squinting his eyes, Cas cut in sharply, “Together, or not at all.”
best friend in history. Only after asking his tenth class did Charlie graciously inform him that Cas had hitched a ride and left.
Dean doesn't bother waiting for an answer, brushing past the doctor heading straight to his car.
“Take me home now,” Cas said the icy tone in his voice enough to garner Dean’s attention.
“No, maybe, I like Jess, but I thought Gabriel who just moved into town was cute,” Sam admitted, “I thought I was weird for thinking it but—”
This is his chance.
The Porsche tested its red racing brake calipers as Cas hammered the brakes while latching himself onto Dean’s leg to yank him back inside the car. With two blown tires the trailer swung wildly from side to side for a few moments before the whole back end turned sideways and caught air.
Dean’s heart stopped beating, he shifted to take in the rumpled man he was head over heels in love with; the same man who beat him to the punch on everything it seemed. Tomorrow would mean risking their lives again in the line of duty, collaring Miami’s worst. Tomorrow they would be Officer Winchester and Officer Novak—Feather and Freckles striking fear into the hearts of scumbags.
smirk and Dean bent down pressing his lips to hers. Kissing the hottest girl in school was…was…weird and aggressive and not like anything Dean expected. And did she just full-on lick him like he was lollipop? Sure, he had kissed his fair share of girls before, but kissing Lisa felt different. Maybe he was out of practice since he spent the whole summer with Cas. Speaking of Cas, did the kid die trying to find them some beers? Dean could really, really use a beer right now.
Dean’s day had been filled with many firsts turns out so was his night. He indulged himself in many, many, many firsts with Cas as his wonderful mentor.
Waking Sam up turned into a bigger fiasco than when Dean threw water on Cas earlier. Dean flicked the light, getting not only an eyeful but an earful. A high-pitched shriek replaced the subtle moans Dean missed completely; his head too invested in everything else to notice. The woman bouncing on his brother’s dick grabbed a fistful of bedsheets trying to cover up hurling what the fucks while simultaneously his brother started screaming, “Dean, what the hell!”—“Dude, seriously get the fuck out!”
A shallow breath against Dean’s ear has him losing strength in his knees, his hand seemingly Gorilla glued to the center of Cas’ very bare, very muscular chest. “You’re not a wolf Dean,” Cas whispers so close his stubble brushes Dean’s cheek; it feels even better than Dean’s fantasized over the years.
As Cas crowds back into Dean’s space, Dean knows he was kidding himself for thinking for a minute he was ever in control. Cas is a dominating force, every single fiber of his being radiating alpha while his dick slots in perfectly next to Dean’s. In between breaths they both have managed to wrap their hands around each other’s dicks.
when you are clearly supposed to stay inside and take cover?”
And they do. “They do.” His brain supplied the words to his mouth, and before he could hear Dean respond, he chased after a wobbling Charlie. Lightly grabbing her elbow with an open palm to help steady her, Castiel peered over his shoulder one last time at his partner sending up a silent prayer to whoever is listening that tonight went well and that he kept his growing attraction in check.
"Gentlemen, excuse me for a moment." Dean says politely, stalking towards the pair
“First of all EW—” Dean frowned, wiping his hand on Cas’s back, served the fucker right, “—and second of all, I’m not going anywhere. Probably be dealing with my loud ass mouth ‘til the day I die. Now get your ass up before Bobby shoots the both of us; and I don’t know about you, but I’d like to come back here tonight and try that thing we found last night.” Dean wiggled his eyebrows at Cas; trying to tempt the other man into getting his ass in gear while ignoring he basically spilled his entire heart out in some fucked up form of a proposal.
Cas eyes Dean bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet but doesn’t comment instead, “Do you have any questions for me before we get started?” Cas says, smiling at the end like they are talking about steaks on the barbeque instead of Dean getting hair yanked from his ass.
Willow Springs Raceway, it's time for Cas to take the wheel if he doesn't get the team disqualified first.
Henry stands perfectly still, "Winchester." He says, breaking up the starting contest.
A short battle of dominance occurred but Dean yielded, quickly becoming putty in his hands. He tilted his head just so giving Castiel better access to lick even deeper into Dean’s mouth.  Speaking of hands, they seemed to be everywhere, exploring freely once restricted territory. Fingers greedily mapped bare skin, searching for hidden treasure or perhaps just X marks the spot.
“In together, or not at all.”
Now the sound that followed the cock of a gun surprised Dean—the click-clack of high heels against the concrete floor. A beautiful, and he does mean beautiful woman stepped into the light; gun pressed against Cas’s temple. Her hair resembled fire done up in a 1950’s hairstyle with matching blood-red lips and heavy black winged eyeliner; her posture demanded respect and attention and Dean knew, knew deep in his gut.
Dean dropped Sam off first, figuring he’ll swing back by to pick up some stuff after he dropped Charlie off and made sure she really was safe. “Have you thought about what you’re going to do now this is over?” Dean asked.
Shifting into a more serious tone—someone’s got to Fred this Scooby-gang—Dean said, “Okay, Sam you said no one at city hall knew you were building this case, right?” Sam nods his affirmation, “Good, trust no one. Red, I’m sure we can put your skills to use. Feathers and I here will hit the streets; with our bust yesterday we might be able to drum up some viable leads. For everyone’s safety, no information is shared outside the four of us.” Dean took an inhale and exhaled. “Understood?”
“Really?”
“Nice shot Freckles,” Cas spoke, a little breathless, the ghost of a smile haunting his pink, slightly chapped lips. Freckles. Damn fucking nickname, Dean thought trying to catch his breath while his adrenaline began fading. Shaking his head at his partner’s cheekiness, Dean only had himself and his big egotistical mouth to blame for their stupid nickname game.
A few phone calls later, Bobby came back with good news. Cas didn’t live on base but in a suburb a couple of miles away nestled right outside Colorado Springs in a town called Falcon. Pulling out a huge road atlas, Bobby laid it on the desk helping Dean plan his best route there. It was a rather straight shot, but Bobby was adamant about Dean taking a filled gas can with him because
“Yo,” Dean called out into the apartment, toeing his shoes off next to the door. Huh, he didn’t hear his partner’s voice or an answer; probably in the shower, Dean surmised. Except when Dean walked into the master bedroom, he didn’t hear the shower running. Going room by room, Cas was nowhere to be found. Really the asshole should have called if he was going to stay late at work, Dean thought, pulling out his cellphone and dialing his partner’s number.
Dean thumbed over the line unbothered by the still falling tears. I Miss You, didn’t begin to cover how he felt. Longing? Maybe. The saying distance makes the heart grow fonder was a crock of bullshit. Distance makes the heart ache, makes the heart break, makes the heart shatter and the only glue is hundreds of miles away.
With Cas words bouncing around his head effectively shutting down the what-ifs, his conviction in his mission was renewed and if he stepped on the gas pedal a little more, well that was between him and Baby.
It had only been four days, but it felt like a lifetime since he’d been to Gabriel’s apartment—the apartment which almost felt like a second home at this point.
Dean cranked the dial on the stereo up letting Led Zeppelin in the cabin, silencing any other noise besides the thrum of the ’80s. Baby rumbled to life with a turn of key and Dean threw her in reverse humming in time with the song. Castiel shook his head. They were going to lose their badges for Dean’s little adventure.
7 hours according to the route Bobby helped him plan out, well more like 3 since Dean hopped on the road the moment he woke up—barely remembering to brush his damn teeth before he was all packed up and waving goodbye to his family—stood between Dean and destiny.
Looking side to side, the coast was clear as they dove into the hallway dropping their pretense of whatever was simmering between them. Castiel straightened his suit as they got partially down the hallway when Sam’s panicked, urgent voice warned, “Shit, incoming guys; the last guard posted turned back around; man must have some intuition or something.”
Thumbing the bills, “Bobby this is too much,” Dean balked.
Rediscovering the strength in his legs, Castiel trotted towards the rear of the car. He didn’t register the silence until the noise of the trunk popping open captured his attention. Inching closer to inspect inside the trunk, he worried they killed the poor mechanic. Garth startled him, as he sprang from the trunk clutching the front of Dean’s shirt; face red and splotchy and shaking like an autumn leaf.
Only much to Dean’s dismay, tomorrow waited for no one.
“What do you want me to say, Dean?” Cas says, borderline losing his cool, “I turned sixteen and had my shift on the next full moon. You think I knew what was happening to me? Huh? Tell me how I’m supposed to tell my best friend—oh by the way I turn into a wolf now and would probably eat your face because I don’t know how to control my urges yet—yeah that would have gone over real well Dean,” Cas finishes a little red in the face and balling up his fists.
Henry can't contain himself, "For every Ford driven off the lot in North America there are there two, COUNT EM, TWO CHEVROLETS!"
Charlie trailed off as the screen went black before booting up with a screen containing a single bar in the center with the word password state above it.
“That you liked Cas? How did you know it was more than friendship I guess?”
Cas being the forever through thinking even after their round of rough, mind-blowing sex followed by round two in the shower where Dean basked in the paradox of shower sex—he can’t help giggle at the thought, getting fucking filthy while at the same time getting clean from the running water—suggested Dean reach out to Sam and Charlie and update them on their circumstances regarding the case. Which, yeah, with the last 24 hours being a nonstop rollercoaster of adrenaline and curveballs, the thought of calling his little brother and adopted little sister to check-in had slipped his mind.
No pointing of keeping secrets from the guy handling his flaccid dick and Dean doubts Cas would judge him anyways, “I’m going on a date with this guy I met when I was doing some rewiring down at the Roadhouse. His name is Aaron. He stumbled his way through asking me and I stumbled right into a wooden beam after saying yes.” Dean chuckles, remembering how after walking straight into the damn post it broke the awkward tension between them.
A growing pit in Dean’s stomach starts to settle in. Maybe his phone died, Dean’s overly optimistic brain supplies. The only way to find out, his more reasonable side argues.
“Garth,” Dean said, his voice dipped with a Snow White poison apple sweetness, “we can do this easy way or we can do this the Winchester way.”
Apparently, after proving his capabilities time and time again during busts, firefights, and the occasional brawls, he felt he had finally earned Dean’s trust—no, more like his respect. Proving he was as dedicated to the job as Dean and that he was more than just his trust-fund transformed their partnership. Although it didn’t stop Dean from calling him feathers or stop the need to strangle Dean every other minute of the day since he insisted on being a pest.
Voicemail again.
“Oh come on man, it’s pretty clever.”
Tapping his fingers in beat to Out on the Tiles, Dean poured his soul into singing the words; bopping his head and not fighting the growing smile on his face as more and more asphalt disappeared underneath Baby’s tires.
A cleared throat captures Dean’s attention away from his problem; looking up, Dean swears he hears the angel singing and the heavens shining a light down on the pair of black gym shorts in Cas’s outstretched hand. If it wasn’t so taboo—the whole client/service provider thing—and if he honestly wasn’t afraid to slip over himself, Dean would kiss the man.
Did Cas even make it to Colorado yet? Was the drive boring and awful? Was Cas feeling this way too? Questions swirled around his head with no answers. Wait. What time was it? Maybe Cas had already called, and Dean had missed it. Panic obliterated any other feeling. Wiping his face with the back of his hand, Dean climbed off Baby’s hood shoving Cas’ letter back into its safe spot before climbing in and driving home.
Dean peers over his shoulder praying Voss didn’t—
If there was one thing Dean Winchester sucked at it was fucking apologies. Dean couldn’t find the right words, or the right time before school started to be like:
With a hard-set glare, Castiel deadpanned, “No,” feeling the need to prove a point.
“No, no I’m good,” Dean says in dismal, around a couple inhales and lingering laughs waving his hands. Feeling lighter, Dean hooks his thumbs in his boxers and pulls them down. Fuck why had that been so scary? Just to deflect any waning awkwardness Dean says, “I’m a grower, not a show-er,” as he hops onto the waxing table in the middle of the room.
“What are you idjits up to now?” Bobby sat back in his seat, glancing between the two of them. “Boy, what happened with the witness?”
“And this woman will in fact testify she was sexually intimate with you?” Cas continued on his question roll.
“I spent the evening with a quite fetching young lady in fact and I’m sure she would be more than willing to explain exactly where I was last night,” Dick leered. Ugh, Dean felt honestly sorry for the poor woman who spent the night with probably a two-pump chump. With one look Dean could tell he was rocking a tootsie-roll penis instead of the monster cock he more than likely lied about having.
A single realization chanted itself over and over again as he fell back onto his ass for the second time in less than five minutes: The shower wasn’t a dream.
Heading back to Baby after leaving the building in silence, mulling over the nothing they found, Dean swore to himself they’d put Roman either behind bars or six feet under.
Turning back to crew, "You heard the man! Fuel the tank!"
, Sam?”
Each press of the key felt like a mini millennium though Charlie’s sweep across the keys. Swallowing the bile building in his throat, Dean wanted to pitch the whole thing out the window along with the joint suffocating tension radiating off everyone. With the press of the enter key, a collective exhale filled the space. Documents and files filled the screen. Every pair of eyes shifted over file after file filing the screen; this was going to take hours, maybe even days to wade through.
“You know,” Dean said, throwing Baby into park, “we could really use someone at the precinct with your skillset. You can’t tell me it didn’t feel good using your skills to put scumbags away.”
Covering his mouth with his hands, Dean tries to slow his ragged breaths. All that horror movie knowledge he’s collected over the years wasted; he’s about to be chopped up into itty bitty pieces or eaten by some ferocious forest creature. What the hell was he thinking wandering into the woods? Oh right, he’s an idiot too proud to admit he’s been in love with his best friend since forever and he’s too stubborn to have accepted no as an answer. So much has changed between them once Cas’ relatives showed up—more secrets, more so-called “family time”—Dean just wanted to hold onto their special something, sue him. Well, sue him if he survives this night.
. Making good on his promise, Castiel fucked Dean until the only words he could mutter were broken forms of his name accompanied shaky gasps of air. When Castiel felt his balls tighten with the familiar impending threat of climax, he reached down to wrap his fingers around Dean’s thick, neglected cock and stroked Dean in time with his thrusts.
With the fakest smile Cas has ever seen, Dean gleamed at the poor “just a mechanic” as he nearly bent himself backward over the tire tower still trying to hold his ground.
Cas chances as Gabe opens his mouth, staring down into his coffee as if it holds the answers to their problem, "So, the IRS."
He more or less felt rather than heard Cas’s soft sigh of appreciation and the light scratching of stubble nuzzling against his neck confirmed it as well. The sensation had him swallowing a dry gulp. Fuck, he should be questioning his sanity right now, why the hell was he still here letting himself be drenched while still wearing his fucking raid clothing—shit was heavy clinging to his body. Then again, he did have a very naked, very solid human roadblock cutting off his means of escape.
“Fuck, that was amazing,” Dean says, basking in post-orgasm bliss.
“Okay…what kind of traditions?”
He kept his eyes slammed shut and face buried deep into the back of Cas’s neck, not willing to take even a centimeter being offered to him. All he could do was hold the fuck on while hisses followed by a mix of breath moans and his name echoed off the shower walls.
“All in,” Cas smirks, pushing his large pile of poker chips to the center of the smaller round table in Dean’s kitchen.
"No..." He winces, but he's determined in resolve so he squares his shoulders and tries again, "No, I don't. Tell Mr. Ford, Sam Winchester from marketing is here and he has a hell of an idea."
He’s eerily calm for someone possibly walking into a serial killer’s wet dream. Dean can’t describe it, but
1 Week of Surveillance
“I had a feeling I was different before then, but this was Meg. I trusted her and when venturing into unknown waters it’s better to explore with someone you trust. And I was curious.”
Laying his head down that night Dean finally understood Cas’ wish—to have the same four walls and windows—because this feeling of loss and change sucked donkey balls. A sneaky thought tiptoed into the forefront of his mind.
Yeah, none of his fantasies lived up to this reality.
eyes, “You like?” he asks, skimming the waistband of his panties.
beast so, “Fuck yeah.”
Promotion. The word echoed in Dean’s head like a distant voice echoing through a cave. Being Bobby’s somewhat adoptive son meant having to be twice as smart, twice as clever, and twice as hardworking to show he had
With a deep breath, Sam starts the first slide. A picture of celebrating World War 2 soldiers flashes onto the screen, "In 1945 our soldiers came home," Sam pauses for effect, "And what's the first thing they did?"
“HOME!”
Their leads on the supped-up ecstasy on the streets had run dry and Dean swore one of his favorite snitches could provide them with some kind of new information.
“Get out of here you brat!” Dean laughed, shoving at his little brother.
Dean lets out a breath he didn't even realize he was holding.
Castiel responded to Dean’s “I bet he’s ready to talk now,” with a
“You know,” Dean started, casting his eyes back to his best friend waiting to see his iris before continuing, “You like the stars, what if you became an astrologist or a meteorologist.”
He was going to show Dean exactly how he wanted to shut that pouty mouth. “This,” He replied, trading his grasp on those luscious love handles for globs of fine boxer clad ass tugging Dean clean off the counter. Dean’s yelp of surprise only spurred him on more.
He looks in the rearview mirror and takes a deep breath starting the car.
He thumbed at Dean’s bottom lip, finding himself completely entranced, “You and your mouth.” Not even in his wildest imaginations did he believe he could have a creature as cunning, as smart, as ravishing as Dean. Honestly, he would have laughed—might have even tried righteously to smite them with a piercing glare—in anyone’s face six months ago if they would have said he’d standing here today hopelessly lost on the one and only Dean Winchester. Yet he was. Placing a chaste kiss on his favorite collection of freckles right in the center of Dean’s forehead— a collection he’s seen furrowed in anger, concentration, fear and now pleasure—Castiel planned on delivering the promise of making Dean say his name.
Cas huffed, nuzzling himself impossibly close to Dean as if Dean were his human space heater and Cas was on a mission to absorb all of his warmth. “Well, I’m going to need sleep if you want me to be functional.”
eyebrow while opening his legs like a clamshell displaying a marvelous pearl was something he’d want over and over again.
As he ordered a whiskey on the rocks and a martini. The obviously stressed bartender nodded, rushing off to get the drinks and attended to a few patrons before returning and all but throwing the drinks in Castiel’s direction before running off again.
“Say it again—” Castiel breathed between nibbles on the column of Dean’s throat, “—say my name, Dean.”
Dean kept chuckling at the whole scene, he was totally going to use this moment to blackmail his partner for months, hell probably years. He was going to have to get Cas to sneeze more often, he thought while speaking into his radio, “Office is clear, call the Captain and get the crime unit down here to process the scene and evidence.” He waited for the 10-4 before making an
Well guys, that's it for now. Be on the look out for the continuation of this fic.
Dean huffed, man what a loaded question. He roamed his eyes over Sam’s face, the quiet anticipation clear as day. “Well, there’s physical attraction. Cas is, I don’t know, you’ve seen him. Dude is literally a model.” Sam nodded a
“Yes Dean, the alpha enters the forest after all the eligible and interested have. And supposedly the inner wolf inside the alpha will guide him or her to their perfect mate. Which is what I was doing when you interrupted me.” Cas finishes like he’s the commentary on a documentary. He shakes his hand free from Dean’s grasp and begins trekking through the forest again.
tone.
“Sir—”
Many Ferrari suits have entered and left the room. SO many, Sam has lost track of all of them. Something is beyond fishy. Enzo is taking an entirety, the Ferrari suits are partially busy bees yet not one word has been said. Sam's gut-feeling is telling him something is off, way off. He glances at Crowley still pacing and muttering off-handed comments. His attention shifts to the door being open again but this time Gozzi is rushing, tossing Enzo a slight nod that leaves Sam with more questions than answers.
Dean slides back on his sunglasses cool as cumcumber but not before tossing the stunned reporter a wink and begins walking again.
Castiel caught Garth casting glances between Dean and the empty trunk sporting the same puzzlement he was. Squinting against the light as he stepped closer to them, Castiel saw a wicked smile flash across Dean’s face. “See buddy, the problem I’m having is I just can’t figure how much I can fit back here. Don’t get me wrong Baby’s got back but…” The sarcasm and fake nice woven together from Dean’s tongue made Castiel cringe and then before Castiel could get a word in—
Setting down the martini in front of Charlie, Castiel said, “Focus. Is he looking this way?”
Dean swears he hears Cas’s breath hitch as he steps out of the shorts and folds them, placing them on top of his t-shirt. Waiting for Cas’s eye consumption underneath his shorts, Dean’s wearing a floral lace pair of panties in a shade matching the color of Cas’s eyes. Playing coy, Dean runs his fingers along the bottom hem of the lace starting from his crack trailing up to his hip before he looks up at the man he desires through his lashes.
But the laughter dissolved on his tongue as he pulled Baby up to the curb, stopping a hair shy of the green mailbox with 314 E on the side. Taking in the house, it wasn’t much unlike the one Cas had lived in—two-story, white, nice yard.
Languid kisses crept their way up Dean’s open inner thigh. Nibbles and nips were nuzzled into the soft cotton of boxers’ briefs. Fingers caressed every bit of freckled skin they could reach, up until thumbs hooked into Dean’s waistband. In one clean motion, Castiel slid off Dean’s boxers, eyeing the beautiful cut cock which sprung free without hesitation.
The question has Dean chuckling, as far as small talk goes it could be worse, “I’m an electrician. Actually, I just finished my apprenticeship a year ago and now do subcontracting work,” Dean’s humble about his work, he opted to go more for a technical career. He’s great with his hands and he makes good money doing what he does luckily without all with student loan debt that comes from attending a four-year university.
“What?” God, Castiel wanted to punch Dean’s fake innocent face. Rather than answer he glared stepping in front of Dean’s direct path to the driver’s seat.
“Shelve your fake customer service shit, we have a signed warrant.” Dean flashed the warrant not bothering to stop at the desk, completely blowing past it with his partner hot on heels while ignoring the lady’s commands to
Missouri was the kind of school secretary every kid wanted to have—kind, somehow all-knowing, and always told it exactly the way it is, no sugar-coating. Her eyebrow turned into pursed lips and a
“Dean Winchester, you are the most insufferable man and—” Cas stood up on slightly wobbly, cradling Dean’s face between both his hands like he was irreplaceable museum artifact, “—and I am grateful for you saving my life though, my life was not worth the imaginable risk I’m sure you took.”
For a minute, Sam is sixteen again staring at a red Ferrari posted on his bedroom ceiling. Him being here feels more than surreal.
“I have eyes!” his partner said, exasperated. “Shut the hell up, so I can dodge these assbutts!” After becoming Dean’s partner, Cas became a parroting toddler testing and playing with numerous combinations of explicit words he picked up from his partner…some better than others.
“Yeah,” Dean smiled, still sniffling a bit himself. “This move changes nothing, I’ll be so annoying it will be like I’m there.”
Cas’ blush deepens to a scarlet fire burning across the bridge of his nose and both cheeks, “Yes and no. Yes, because as alpha my pack needs me to lead the runs. While we don’t need to shift at the full moon after you learn to control the shift, it’s good for us.”
“I don’t know how my stomach has anything to do with our circumstances.”
Fuck, the whole situation was eating Dean from the inside out. A stupid, bad kiss was not worth throwing away the best friendship he had ever made. He needed to get Cas alone and have a come to Jesus meeting. But how? The answer hit Dean like a freight train almost mockingly staring him in the face the whole time—a late-night gravel travel.
Waiting for Cas to finally spill the beans, Dean filled the silence with random topics about the day knowing the longer he talks the sooner Castiel will break to shut Dean the hell up. Halfway through recounting how he swore the frog, he was dissecting in A&P squirted
dress pants Dean had chosen not only made his partner stand-out but the slim cut of the pants and black blazer made Dean downright delicious—a Greek Adonis fucked a Miami male model and somehow had a baby and that baby was his partner. It was flashy, but somehow so Dean, Castiel felt all his rational thinking drifting away to dangerous waters.
Heaven. Hell. He wasn’t sure. Being inside Dean was the single most soul ascending feeling yet at the same time an undeniable familiar heat was coiling in his balls. He had staved off touching himself or being touched, for fear of cumming all too quickly, and bottoming out inside of Dean almost made that fear a reality. Allowing Dean a second to adjust and himself a moment to gain composure, Castiel's lips pecked at every freckle he could reach. A hand wove into his hair, tugging hard, and with it Castiel pulled back a little and snapped his hips forward; a scream from Dean filled the bedroom space.
“Yeah, Feathers.” Swallowing his tongue, Dean offered his hand to his partner; helping the other man to his feet. Once on his feet, Dean couldn’t help but laugh at the stark white covering Cas head to toe, “Dude you look like a frat boy who partied hardied with both hands.” Luckily, it looked like the face mask had been down, so surely his partner was okay, Dean reasoned.
Okay, he knows he’s being dramatic but damn he’s about to be waxed for the first time and what part of that isn’t scary? The smaller room is uniquely decorated—vibrant rainbow beads hang on one wall, a huge apocalyptic octopus fabric tapestry with upon further inspection had mini vaginas as suckers, a thumping bass filled the space, and the most gorgeous man Dean had the pleasure of seeing in scrubs was leaned against a table probably reading over Dean’s chart. For a minute Deans wonders if he stepped into a portal of some sort and exited reality and entered some hippie endverse type universe.
Jesus, Dean thought; one of these days he was going to ask Cas how deep the Novak’s pocket ran as he squirmed in the oversized leather chair, frowning into his whiskey tumbler inside Gabriel’s private jet. Dean elected to ignore the fact Gabriel had his own fucking private plane and owned an airstrip in the middle of nowhere; he also elected to ignore the fact Gabriel had dangerous contacts in Cuba who were going to help them. The less he knew about Cas’s cousin’s double life or potentially criminal life the better. He was operating outside the rules right now, who was he to judge?
"Calm down, you're going to give yourself an ulcer." Gabe manages around a fit of giggles. But the laughs stop suddenly.
Sam inhales, and out of the corner of his eye he can see Crowley slightly shaking his head but he didn't get his far listening to that guy, "He said Ford makes ugly cars in our ugly factory. And all of our executives are sons of whores."
Moving around his room like a crazed man, Dean pulled out his duffle bag from under his bed and started stuffing clothes into it. Six-shirts and four pairs of jeans weren’t too much, right? He tossed in a couple of pairs of socks and boxers before zipping up. He could miss a couple of days of school and the drive wouldn’t be bad, Dean looked over his shoulder at his bedroom door. The hard part waited on the side of that door.
Two taps and…
“Dean, I don’t have time for this,” Cas writes him off, squatting down to rifle through the messenger bag to produce a pair of socks and tennis shoes.
Chapter Warning: NSFW, Explicit Content
“One story at a time Dean. Anyways, like any crazy teenagers, we were curious.”
“Good to finally meet Cassie’s partner in the flesh though it’s hard to believe you are Samsquatch’s brother; you look nothing alike,” Gabriel commented around a smack of his sucker. “Speaking of Cassie, where is my favorite grump of a cousin?”
“Okay, so you’re like some badass.” Dean thinks but says aloud. Seeing this other side of his best friend is opening a whole new appreciation for the man in front of him. Dean knows Cas works his dick in the dirt between school, work, and apparently manages a whole pack on top of everything else on his plate. Yeah, Cas is most definitely a badass, a real-life fucking Superman all these years. Cool…cool…cool.
“Hello Dean,” Cas says, grabbing his elbow while stepping into Dean’s space. He leans forward his chapped pink lips mere centimeters from the shell of Dean’s ear and Dean hears him loud and clear over the music as Cas says, “Do you want to dance?”
Cas knee-walks in the foliage until his face is nibbling Dean’s right inner thigh; teeth nip their way up leaving soft bites in their wake until they are faced with Dean’s cock. Tongue replaces teeth as a wet stripe is licked from his balls to his slit, leaking pre-cum. Cas swirls his tongue around the head of Dean’s cock and fuck if it isn’t the best thing Dean’s ever felt and his knees are going rom-com movie weak.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean heaves, his toes curling in anticipation as Cas snakes his fingers into the waistband of the panties.
The older man scratched at his gruff in thought, the gears in his mind turning. “You’re saying there are cops in my department being paid off essentially, and—”
Castiel felt dumbstruck; of course, he dreamed about being buried in Dean’s heat but actually getting the chance had him stumbling, “Are you sure?” he asked, needing confirmation this was real; that this wasn’t another very vivid, drug-induced hallucination and Dean was actually asking him to fuck him wildly into the mattress.
"Relax, Bobby. We'll eat the 'vetts for breakfast. We're faster, lighter. And if that doesn't work, we are nastier. Come on let's go see our favorite racer." Dean smiles.
Standing there his toothy smile and hands in his suit pockets, Dean caught a glimpse of the monster that was Dick Roman. No judge in the world would say Dick’s words were a threat but Dean saw it exactly as that, a threat. Dean grit his teeth; any retort could possibly compromise Charlie’s safety, but the threat also revealed Dick had no idea where Charlie was, and Dean intended on keeping that way. So, being the professional he was, he gave Dick a grand smile and flipped him the bird before pulling the server door open for his head-shaking partner.
He plunges his hand deep into Cas’s locks tugging a bit to garner the other man’s attention, “Cas, babe, wait for a second,” Cas stills around his dick while Dean pants out, “I don’t wanna come yet I—I prepped myself for you.”
The number 2 car turns into the apex early, but Cas isn't falling for their slick tricks. He waits. He takes the a late apex turn and the number 2 car is helpless as Cas hammers the throttle.
The Cobra slingshots past the 'Vett.
“That’s just like you boy, can’t take a damn compliment,” Bobby said, shaking his head in his usual
“My, my Angel. I was quite excited when you called.”
This was why he didn’t wear suits. Dean felt ridiculous getting measured and standing on the little pedestal turning every which way for twenty minutes. Then he was shoved into a dressing room, trying not to vomit over the price tags on each piece they were having him try on. His partner better enjoy this because not only was Cas totally paying for it, but it would be the one time he would see Dean in a monkey suit, though as he looked himself over the mirror he had to admit he was a fucking catch.
Batting his
“Feathers!” Cas slowly turned around with a tilt of his head like it was the first time he was hearing the nickname. Weird. He probably just couldn’t hear Dean over all the combined noises. Striding right up into Cas’s personal bubble just to make sure his partner could hear him clearly, “Let’s roll buddy, Bobby gave us the go-ahead to blow this popsicle stand.”
Setting up the raid took one call with no more explanation than, “Bobby, we need to put together a raid party.” With a grumbled
"Start the line!"
(See the end of the chapter for
He's chasing the lead cars as they hit the straight. The Cobra opens up, unleashing raw horsepower.
“Sexy, sexy, sexy,” Cas chanted as he climbed into Baby with a silly voice Dean had
Sam doesn't blink as five different types of anger flashes across Henry's face.
Rounding the corner of one of the open bays, the place was suspiciously empty for an auto body shop—no cars, no workers, just parts strung about here and there (probably a front if Castiel had to surmise). Following in step with his partner, they navigated their way through to the back where a short, gangly man was attempting to stack some tires.
, he thought.
“Like you damn well hung the moon and all the stars in the sky just for him.”
Cas slightly stumbled around the front of the car, weird. Must be the adrenaline drop, Dean surmised; he sometimes got a bit woozy after near-death experiences too.
Shoving off the
—the bell rang in the background but Dean stood rooted in place—
The plan hinged on Charlie successfully flirting her way into Balthazar’s VIP section and keeping him distracted while Cas and Dean found a way past the guard.
Dean flung himself on the edge of his bed swinging his right leg up and strumming it like a sick electric six-string while Cas threw out some of his less awful dance moves. He threw Cas a
“Don’t put the blame on me Mr. I need to
“Ugh,” Cas looked up with a frown of disgust from the nickname, “Freckles.” He sneered.
