Castiel nodded. He was not the most attentive during his time with Dereck. He didn’t pay attention to what his family was doing all he cared about was himself at the time.
He sucked in a breathe and put the car in reverse. He backed up the car far slower than Dean ever would have. His breathing evened out and his nervousness slowly melted away as he got the car on the highway. He could do this. Of course, all the driving he had done was in the driveway at Bobby’s a few years ago… no, he had this. He knew he did.
The man stopped and looked at him. He tilted his head. “You would do that? Most people don’t want me around… since you know…” He looked down at himself.
“Y-yeah.” He chuckled. It felt weird since Castiel did technically live with him. “It’s kind of weird.” He licked his lips and studied Castiel for a moment. Would he say no?
The angel pulled away first. His mouth mere inches from his. “I love you too, Dean.” He sighed. He rested his head on Dean’s shoulder. He wrapped his arms around his waist. “I have loved you for so long now.”
“Thanks.” Dean walked away with his jar of honey. He wondered back to the area where he was going to meet Sam. He got his apples and sat on a bench waiting for Sam.
“You thought I wasn’t interested?” Dean laughed until he noticed the hurt look on Castiel’s face. He cupped his face. “Cas, I thought you weren’t interested. I got nothing to offer. You’re a freaking angel and what am I? A drunk with anger issues, that’s what. I noticed this for a while. I think everyone noticed this between you and me. I… didn’t think I deserve your love.”
Dean paused and shook his head. “I should have brought Sam.” He picked up ornaments with a moose painted on them. He chuckled. “We should get these for the tree.” He walked around the ornaments.
He could actually live for once in his life. The thought of living without Cas hurt but Cas had sacrificed himself to save him. Why let it go to waste? Chuck was gone and now Dean could see it. He could see a future for himself. He smiled so wide it almost hurt. For the first time in his life, he wanted to have a life, not to live for someone else but to live for Dean Winchester. He unhooked the fish and let it go back into the water. He watched it swim away with a smile on his face. It was free like he was.
Gabriel scoffed. “Winchester, of course,” He chuckled. “Well,” He looked at Michael. “We stick with Cassie here and I’m sure ol’ Deano will bust out his lover.”
Dean nodded at him. He looked at Anna. He felt nervous as they walked into the den. What could she want? Was she going to tell him off?
“I want to go home.” He mumbled as Castiel helped him from the toilet. “I’m just getting in your way.”
Naomi came in with plates and mugs sitting them in front of everyone. “Alright dig in. I’m sure you boys must be hungry.” She said as she sat down
He looked at her then at Sam. He felt his heart shatter again. Here were Sam and Eileen who should be out living it up and they are trying to help piece him back together. He was ruining their lives like he ruined everyone else’s. He went to back away, to run up the stairs and leave, but Sam nudged him on the shoulder. Sam didn’t want him to leave. Dean nodded as he took her hand. He was going to be strong. He had to be. Between the two of them, they led him to his room. Eileen signed something to Sam then left. Dean realized he was going to have to learn sign language someday.
“Hey, Sammy.” He hated to bother his brother while he was on a min- vacation but since they both owned the business he had to tell him. “So, uh, Chris didn’t come in for work again.”
“Do… you think about that? You and me in the long-term?” His heart pounded in his chest. He was going to lay it all out for Castiel and see what he said.
“The ultimate scrying spell.” She smiled. “With this, we can communicate with Castiel, via a scry.” She smiled. “If we can communicate with him,”
“You have someone in mind?” Crowley snorted. “Because I don’t think looking for either Lucifer or Raphael would be beneficial to our health.”
“It is.” His place came into view. He let out a sigh of relief. He pulled his car into the driveway. “Got to open the garage.” He said to Castiel. He got out of the car and lifted the garage door. He eased the car into the garage.
Family? Castiel’s heart warmed. They saw him as family. He was happy to know that Sam thought so highly of him.
Dean looked up to see him standing in the living room. He still had his phone in his hand and his eyes looked a little red themselves. “No… well yeah, Sammy started then I started.” He rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand. “These are happy tears don’t be alarmed.”
Castiel’s eyes fluttered as he opened them. Dean was now staring into those deep blue eyes. Dean’s heart did a little flip as they made eye contact. “Hello, Dean.” Castiel’s voice was gravelly with sleep. It was hot.
Dean focused his attention on the dark-haired paramedic as he rolled him into the hospital. “Cas, when did you become a paramedic?”
He rolled his eyes but smiled. He enjoyed Dean’s company even when he was being a brat. He'd give anything to be with him forever. He looked at Dean’s hand. He had an urge to grab his hand. What would Dean say? Would Dean pull away? Or would he let him hold his hand? “Dean,”
“Betrayed them,” He gasped. “The Winchesters, he made me, tell him everything and try to help him. He… he even used Lucifer… if that even was him.” He glanced around. “I guess he’s here now.” He murmured
“It’s fine with me.” Dean said as he started to repack the tot. The Impala had a big truck even though it was a large tot it would fit just fine. “You are cool with leaving right?”
She sighed dramatically. “Clarance, I wanted you to come with us to have fun,” She gestured at him saddled up at the bar. “And here you are drinking at the bar like some sad loser who just lost his girl. Get your ass on the dance floor and dance.”
He smiled softly. “Because I love you and you love me. You’re a kind man, Dean.” He sighed a sigh of love and contentment. “I have never been happier with anyone. You make me feel like living life. I will do anything for you.”
They drove in mostly silence allowing the radio to fill the void. Dean enjoyed the silence. He liked that it never got awkward with him and Castiel. When he was with Lisa he felt like he had to constantly fill the silence with talking but with Cas the silence was different. Dean stopped at a gas station and filled up the car and got them some snacks and they continued their drive.
Benny removed his jacket and turned up the heat some in the already warm building. “How about I fix us some lunch?” He suggested. “Get some of that food used rather than toss it all.”
He hit the ground hard. It was bright here. Wherever here was. He blinked. The light hurt his eyes. He covered them as he groaned. Whatever pulled him here pulled him hard.
“Hey, I ain’t the guy who ate a hundred of them in one night.” He teased as they got back in the car.
Dean no longer felt like a creeper. He smiled boldly. “Yeah, I came around. I wanted to see you again too, Castiel.”
“Have you seen Garth? He’s awkwardness on two legs. Trust me, if you can form a sentence you will do okay.”
Castiel felt a wave of annoyance. Why did Dean think he wasn’t capable of keeping his hands to himself? Did he know of his feelings for him? Did it… bother Dean? Those thoughts echoed in his mind. What if Sam was wrong and Dean wasn’t interested in him sexually?
“No,” Dean grabbed his face making him look at him. “You are not useless. I don’t want to hear that. You are useful. You got the guy. You, you did it. Not me, not the ranger, and not anyone else. It was you, Cas.”
There was a pause on the other side of the line. Sam waited for her response. He was beginning to think the call got dropped since the bunker had bad reception. He opened his mouth to ask if she was there when she suddenly busted out laughing. “Are you serious, Samael? He’s going to dress up as Santa for Jack? Oh, this I got to see.” She laughed again. “Am I invited to this Winchester Christmas?”
“I know, but there’s always that thought in the back of my head, you know like we can be out on a case and you could get killed.”
He had many opportunities to have a normal life but now with Chuck gone could he do it? And would Eileen want to? He could see it now, them getting a house, a dog, maybe having a kid or two. He wasn’t too old to have a life was he? No, he could go out and do something with himself. She shifted against his chest as she drifted even further into sleep. Yes, he could. After this… after he saved Cas he was going to hang it all up. He would talk to her about it, then Dean. Not that he needed Dean’s permission, he just wanted to know what he would think. He hoped that Dean would stop hunting too. After almost dying, stopping seems like the wise choice. The only thing left for them living the life was a bloody death. The new generations were up and coming, they could handle it. Hell, they could have the Bunker. They could have all of it, as long as Sam got to keep his family, he would hand it all over to the new hunters.
Castiel apparently didn’t think that. He smiled warmly. So warmly it dug right into Dean’s soul. “It was nothing, Dean. I do enjoy entertaining.” He looked at Claire who sat down a plate of rolls and then returned to her seat. Once everyone was seated the host finally sat down beside Dean. “I am glad we could have this dinner together.” Dean felt him take his hand under the table and rub his fingers along his knuckles.
Dean felt his heart thump in his chest. They walked into the house which was also full of people. “Cas, are you related to all these people?”
He removed his clothes and folded them neatly in a pile. He wasn’t going to waste fresh clothes. He moved the shower curtain back and drank in the sight of a naked and dripping Castiel.
Castiel got out his suit. “I thought it would be helpful for her to understand why we were asking about the sulfur.” He started to unbutton his shirt.
She shook her head. “Look, buddy, I don’t know what you two’s deal is but no one is getting up on that mountain, okay? The sheriff has it locked down tight. No one is getting near it until those hikers are found.” She tapped the pamphlet. “There’s plenty of trails here in the park and around town that you don’t need to go near that mountain. So stay away from it.” She stomped off the porch and marched towards the direction of her home.
He shook his head. “No, not until you… your less awkward with people.” He huffed as he headed to the door.
He looked at him to see Dean had a decoration in his hand. It was a rather bland looking angel. “Looks just like you, honey.” Dean teased
“Sure, dad always wanted to get one going but we, uh, Winchesters don’t have green thumbs. Even the easiest of house plants we managed to kill them.”
He raised an eyebrow at him. “Oh, I know what it’s like.” He smiled. “Some, uh, Hallmark movie business. Two lovers, one escape… you crash into each other’s arms, and you,” He wrapped his arms around himself making kissing sounds.
Dean licked his lips as he drank his beer. “Yeah, well, I was expecting a better turnout than this.” He nodded to the mostly empty tables. The bar wasn’t very busy, there as a few couples in there having drinks, but not much else going on. “I don’t want to go back to the motel though.”
“Love you too, Dean, even though you can be an idiot.” Sam said with a laugh. He reached out and pulled Castiel into a hug too. “Thank you, both of you. I love you guys.”
“Don’t you think Jack is a little old for Santa?” Sam asked as Dean loaded up another plate of pancakes and started on the last batch.
“What are looking up?” Castiel asked hoping to start a conversation to get away from these bizarre feelings.
The moment they got out of the grocery store Dean looked to Castiel. “Something seems off around here, or is it just me?” He asked
He nodded and lowered himself of Castiel’s warm dick. He let out a loud groan as he filled him up. He worked his hips thrusting up and down. He watched Castiel’s face. Castiel had his eyes closed and his mouth open. He groaned.
Sarah rushed over to them. There was blood running down her face. She pulled out a walkie-talkie and called it in. “Here let me see.” She said
Castiel stared at the various colored balls in the basket on the counter. They were all so bright reminding him of rainbows. He picked up a green one and smiled at it. It reminded him of Dean’s eyes.
He chuckled. They ate in silence. He watched Dean’s face. He smiled being with Dean made him happy, even if he ate like a slob. He was a lovely creature that filled his soul with pure happiness. He didn’t think it was possible to be this happy. He had never considered himself worthy of a relationship like this. He thought himself as a ruined man after what happened with his ex. The pain he caused him, the humiliation, Castiel just wrote off ever being with another person again when he got away from him. But then he met Dean, the man who showed him kindness, who showed him love, who showed him he wasn’t broken that he was worthy of being loved again. He reached out and took Dean’s hand.
“What?” Castiel asked as he jerked his head up and looked into the man’s eyes. He was staring by God he was staring at his man’s cock. That was incredibly rude of him
He laughed. “Yes, it uh, does.” He sat his bag down beside him. “So, what do you do… other than this?”
“Yes, Dean, I was talking about you.” He sighed. “I was wondering if you were ever going to put it together.”
He looked around the various people he knew up and talking to each other. They knew? Was he really that transparent when it came to Cas?
He shook his head. “I should just get up and do some more research,” He started to walk away but she pulled him back on the bed.
Castiel looked like a deer caught in headlights. “I’ve never really thought about it with anyone before, to be honest.”
“I slept well enough.” He rubbed his arm and sighed. Truthfully, his sleep was fitful and full of nightmares.
“Okay. I will see you guys later.” He watched his siblings leave. His heart was soaring. Here he was holding the love of his life and repairing his connections with his siblings. He felt love in his heart. He could honestly say for the first time he finally understood love. In the past, he thought his family as a burden and they didn’t love him but he can now see that they did. He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair. His family was there for him. They helped him cope with Dean being sick. He knows he isn’t alone anymore. He smiled. He felt whole again. He had his family and he had Dean and everything felt right.
“Geez, Cas, no need to shout.” He sat down his beer. “We’ll get you laid some other way.” He looked at the beer in thought. “Are you… dude, I never thought to ask are you into dudes? Is that what the problem is? Because I thought you had the hots for Meg so I just made assumptions on my end.”
“Technically Anna was the stalker.” He pointed out. He got out his phone and searched for Dean. He found him. He sucked in a breath and sent a friend request. “I sent a friend request.” He felt like a creeper after that. Maybe he should have left well enough alone.
Chuck and Naomi looked at each other. Dean was always amazed by how couples could talk to one another with just looks. He had seen Sam and Eileen do it a few times. He glanced over at Castiel. He wondered when the two of them would be able to do that. He felt Castiel place his hand on his leg squeezing it. Okay, maybe they were doing it already.
Dean blushed. “I wasn’t looking at him…” He trailed off. He sat down the bucket and rubbed the back of his neck. “Was he looking at me?”
Jack frowned as if in deep concentration. “Her thoughts are that they look cute together… and she says she feels like she still owes Dean for freeing her.”
“I’m not going to do it though.” Castiel said snapping Dean out of his thoughts. He slung his arm around Dean and pulled him close. “I love Dean and I plan on staying with him.”
“You feel so good. So tight.” The words fell out of Castiel’s mouth. He captured his lips with his own. Then he struck Dean’s prostate.
He scoffed. “Because… we were… the bomb, Jack he… we were going to kill Chuck and Amara with… Jack. He became a bomb it was part of Billie’s plan but she sent him to the Empty when he went off… it must have done something.”
Oh, he could get used to this. He walked up to the coffee pot and poured himself a cup of coffee. He inhaled the fresh aroma. He sat down at the table and took a long sip. “Good coffee.”
Castiel shrugged his shoulders. “Maybe he doesn’t like the heat. I don’t know that much about him perhaps you should just ask Sam and Dean.”
It was? How did Jack not notice? He was running out of time to save Cas. To do something. Guilt ate at him. It was his fault that Cas was in that mess in the first place. He punched the ground cracking a huge hole. He couldn’t save Cas. Or anyone. Then Sam begged him for help to save Cas. If Jack didn’t act soon then Cas would be gone and it would be his fault. He looked up at the sky and opened his wings.
“Maybe we should take this upstairs? I’d rather not have to explain to mom and dad why there is a wet spot on the couch.”
Castiel tossed the stuff in there and Dean did the same. “I think I saw a trashcan outside when we parked.”
Kelly looked at him. Her eyes were wide with fear. “You haven’t even lived your life! How can you be God when you don’t even know how the world works!”
“Okay. We’ll start with the sidewalk first, then we will lay down salt. We should also help out the other stores around here so they can open soon.” Dean informed them. They had down it many times before. The store owners looked out for one another in this neighborhood. “I’m going to get the salt.” He announced. He unlocked the door to the restaurant and headed in. They kept big buckets of salt in the back so they could salt the sidewalk throughout winter.
“They are getting the catering,” Claire said as she handed some of the flowers to Kaia. “Some people,” She looked at Castiel. “Have the decorating ability of a child.”
“I know,” He took a bit of his food. “But,” He started with his mouth full of waffle. Castiel was always amazed by how bad Dean’s table manners where sometimes. “I felt great that morning so I thought I could do it.”
Dean looked up to see her pointing at a few teenage girls in the corner talking. They were looking at him and at Castiel giggling.
Castiel swallowed hard. “My last b- um, the last person I lived with he thought me having it was weird.” He said his tone was somber. He looked at Dean out of the corner of his eyes. “Do you think it’s weird?”
He nodded. “Sorry, I’m used to giving… blow jobs to guys… last time. I sucked the guy off then took care of myself.”
“I missed your warmth.” He mumbled into his shoulder as he rested his chin on it. “Bed felt so cold with you gone.”
“Yeah, Sam, it is something I’m thinking about. I mean I’m tired of one night stands.” He sighed. “I went through years of that I… got myself right. There isn’t anything to hold me back now.”
“Going to make stew.” He laid out some potatoes. He poured a cup of water into the pot along with some beef broth. He started to brown the stew meat in a skillet as they handled the vegetables.
“Horny, the word you are looking for is horny.” He drank his beer. “Look, you haven’t been human for that long, the human body has needs. Sometimes you need to get your rocks off.” He shrugged. “I’m not going to judge you for it.” He smirked. “I mean, I’d be all over me too if I was you.”
Castiel gestured to the table. “Please have a seat.” He pulled out a chair for Dean. “I’m going to get dinner.” He announced. “Come on, Claire.”
Dean had this planned out already. He would take all of Jack’s gifts, sneak out of the garage, come in through the front entrance, give Jack his gifts, and get his beer and cookies then leave. He had considered just telling the kid that Santa came but he wanted to see the look on the boy’s face.
“Oh,” He flopped onto his stomach burying his face in his pillow. He flinched when Sam ripped off the old wrapping. “Ow! Damn, be gentle! Good thing you aren’t a nurse.”
“Yeah, but, Dean, every time you have a date with him you come back grinning like an idiot. You like him and clearly, you care about him. I just want you to be happy, Dean. There’s no reason why you can’t live for yourself.”
“His name is Dean.” He set his phone down and gave a glance over at his schedule. Nothing planned for the day. Good. “I met him at the market a few weekends ago.” He rubbed his arm suddenly feeling self-conscious. “He got a jar of honey and came back when Hannah was running the booth. I got his number last weekend. We are uh, having coffee later.”
“Sort the branches.” Dean told Jack. “They have labels at the end so you can tell what branch it is.”
He rested his hand on Castiel’s on his shoulder. “Good, because I was a dick and I know that I didn’t mean to lash out it just happens.”
Castiel sighed. “That’s why Sam was acting like that.” He said realization hit him. “You set this up and asked Sam to leave so we could talk.”
“I… thank you. Cas, I love you so much.” He smiled it was full of love and affection. “I’ve never… felt this way about anyone before. I never felt so loved…”
He nodded. “I do enjoy it very much. It helps me escape from… my current problems.” He sighed. His blue eyes looked so deep and sad. The sight pulled at Dean’s heartstrings. Dean wanted so desperately to help Castiel. “I like all kinds of novels…” He patted the book on the table. “I hope to write one of my own someday. So what did you want to talk about?”
Castiel listened to the two of them bickering back and forth. He never understood how these two could bicker so much and yet care so deeply for one another. He never bickered like that with his siblings… not in a loving way.
Sarah pulled his phone off his belt. “I’m going to call it in.” She said as Dean held the sheriff down. “Hello, yes this is ranger Sarah, I found the missing persons… yes, I am at Sheriff Mike’s place. No, he was the kidnapper.”
“Do you… do you want me to go since I got it all done?” He asked his voice sounding almost defeated like he didn’t want to go.
He smiled to himself and he headed downstairs and started coffee. He checked his phone; he had a text from Garth telling him he would be in that day.
He laughed a deep laugh. It made Castiel’s heart flutter to see such a smile break out across the man’s face. “So what are you drinking tonight?”
“He saved you,” Sam said softly. “One last time he saved you. That’s how you got the bloody handprint on your jacket.”
He glared at him. “What about you then? You’re not human and you are certainly cozy with this Winchester.”
“Donna,” He got up from the table with his lone, sad cup of coffee. He walked up to her and let her take him into a big hug.
As it turns out finding information on a being older than time itself was as difficult as he expected. They poured over books for hours. Nothing mentioned the Empty. A few books mentioned heaven and hell. One questioned where Demons went when they died but had nothing to say about the possibility of the Empty.
Castiel undid his pants and Dean watched as his weighty cock fell out of his boxers. He looked at him again and down at his pants.
“Sam,” Eileen said snapping him out of his thoughts. “It’s only been the first day. Let’s not get discouraged yet.”
“It’s a big farm, Dean. We grow our own grapes and make our own wine, we do produce of all sorts which we distribute to the local business, diary, and those are just some of the major ones. We are even going into the brewery business.”
“No idea, I didn’t pack them…” Then he rolled his eyes. “Bet Sam stuck them in my bag.” He tossed them on the bed as if they personally insulted them. “Bet he set this all up.”
He sighed. “I… sorry about last night. I know it was probably uncomfortable for you.” He rubbed his arm as he wished the floor would open up and swallow him whole. He didn’t want to go through with this he just wanted to go back to bed and pretend none of this ever happened.
“No,” He shook his head. “Just because I’m dating someone doesn’t mean I don’t have time for my favorite brother.”
“That is Mr. Cat. And before you say anything, the neighbors left him and that was his name and it felt rude to change it. The white blur that ran by is Sugar. She doesn’t like anyone that isn’t me.”
“Yes, I am.” He closed his laptop. “I know you’re new to this human thing and you might not… understand it so I’m trying to help.”
“I have to man the station all day. But,” He paused and grinned a wicked grin that sent Dean’s mind straight to the gutter. “If you want,” his voice dropped a few octaves. “To get some coffee some time give me a call.” He winked
He shrugged. “It doesn’t bother me. I’m not going to hide it. Sam knew already and he encouraged it. I want this,” He gestured between the two of them. “You and me together.”
“Jody she uh, mentioned that you were upset because of him…” Donna downed her coffee.  “How about you and I go fishing today?”
He headed downstairs smiling to himself. He stopped on the stairs when he heard Naomi talking and the smile fell from his face.
Gabriel stirred his coffee then inhaled the aroma. “So, Cassie, how about you tell me about this deal you got with Crowley Industries.”
They paid for their items then got back in the car. “Cas,” Dean started as he did his seatbelt. “I’m thinking instead of going out somewhere else to eat I make us something for dinner. We still have food at the cabin.”
“Oh.” Dean felt his heart deflate. He knew what he wanted out of this relationship. He wanted Castiel and Castiel alone forever. He knew that in his heart more than anything but… did that mean Castiel didn’t feel the same? It was like a stabbing feeling in his heart.
“So have you worked there you’re whole life?” Chuck asked breaking the stalemate between him and Naomi
Castiel began to worry about the cost. He watched as the number on the register climbed higher and higher. He was considering telling the clerk to forget about it and he would put half of them back.
“I think you would be better off staying here.” Naomi said to what he assumed was Castiel. “You have family here.”
“Cas, uh,” Dean stood up and grabbed onto his shoulders when he weaved. “Dude, you would be someone who would get drunk on one beer.” He sighed.
Dean sighed. “I…” He ran his hands through his hair. “I think,” He knew his face was burning. He shook his head. It was time to come clean he could no longer hide his feelings for the angel from his brother. “Sam, I… I think I’m in love with Cas.”
Sorry for the long delay. I had been sick the past two weeks and I was busy last week. I love fall but it doesn't love me lol. I have a lot going on in the real world. My and my other half are in the process of purchasing a new home, so there is a chance I might be busy. Even if there is a long delay in updates (I hope not) This story will not be abandoned as I have already written it... I just need to edit it, and I hate editing lol.
He smiled. Of course, to Castiel, a book would be much better than TV. “No, I don’t think so. My head is still fuzzy. I’m not even sure if I’m talking to you or if I’m dreaming it.”
“According to this sign, it is only one hundred,” Castiel said as he read over the sign that bragged about the mighty man-made stairs that allowed all to see the top of the giant rock.
He got up from the couch. “Shower does sound good.” He said with a yawn. He headed down the stairs to his space.
Dean thanked Sam and hung up the phone. “Well, until we get up on that mountain we have nothing to go on.” He shrugged. “We should rest up for tomorrow.” He looked towards the back porch. “I think I’m going to hit the hot tub.” He smirked. “It’s swanky cabin version of a magic fingers.” He laughed. He got up from the table and dropped the dishes in the sink to be washed later, if ever. He stared at Castiel for a moment. “So what are you going to do?”
Sam ran to Dean’s room. He prayed Dean didn’t take it with him. He dug through the dresser until he found it. He pulled it out. It stunk but he was glad it was unwashed. He scoffed. He couldn’t believe Dean really did keep it. He ran back into the library dirty jacket in hand. “I got it.”
Sam rolled his eyes as he took a bite out of his food. “I can see this going badly. Plus if you want cookies just bake them yourself.”
He shrugged. “It’s the first song that came up okay.” He smiled. He spun him around. “And you dance just fine.”
Dean tried not to laugh as Castiel had to move the seat up to reach the peddles. Castiel started the car then he eased it back onto the highway. Somehow no one drove by while they were in the car and Dean was glad. He watched Castiel drive for a bit before exhaustion took over. He picked up the stuffed dog and held it tight as he drifted off to sleep.
He smiled a sick smile as he tied his apron. “Oh, odds and ends. I get what I need from people then keep me some trophies.” He picked the knife back up and studied its weight in his hand. “See, I get folks… and sell them to whoever wants them.”
They got back into the Impala and headed to town. They pulled up to a small grocery store. “God, what a small town,” Dean observed as he turned off the car. “Let’s go in and see if the grocery clerk knows anything about the disappearances. A little town like this, rumors spread fast.”
“Yeah.” Dean said quietly as he looked in the bag. His favorite burger plus fries. He looked up at Castiel to tease him about forgetting about pie when the angel laid a pie in front of him.
Dean felt a warm tingle in his heart. Family. Boy did the word family sound good. He smiled at them when suddenly he heard a very loud and dramatic gasp. He looked over his shoulder to see Claire standing there staring at him with her mouth half-opened.
Castiel smiled to himself as he watched him work. He felt eyes on him and he looked over his shoulder at his brother who gave him an all-knowing smile.
“That was the Shadow. Though, I’m not sure why they vanished…” He wondered. They were acting differently than before. Was that because of the bomb? Were they hurt that badly?
He stared into his eyes. Panic flashed across them. Dean feared he went too far. Castiel had been through a lot and Dean had never gotten the nerve to just ask him for it. He always was afraid he would turn him down and being rejected would hurt like a son of a bitch.
“Yeah, I trust her. I know… with her being a demon and well, everything that it seems odd but I do trust her.”
Castiel got in the driver’s side as Dean slid in beside him. He started the car and watched as Sarah and the others shrank in the rearview mirror. “Are you okay?”
Dean shook his head. “You shouldn’t let her talk to you like that, Cas.” He started the car and backed out of the driveway.
He nodded. Dean was right. He didn’t feel hungry but he needed to eat too. “Okay, I’ll uh, be back.”
“Please, don’t go.” He begged. He looked at him with pleading blue eyes. “I’m so sorry. I’m sorry for Claire’s outburst and for… mom chasing you off like that. Please, forgive me.”
They walked into the store. The short bearded man from behind the counter greeted them. “Well if it isn’t Dean Winchester.” Crowley crossed his arms. “What brings your mug into my store?”
Jack nodded his childlike curiosity satisfied for now. He finished his food and announced he was going to start his letter to Santa and then left the room.
He took his clothes off and got under the warm shower. He ran his hands across his face and let the shower beat him with the warm water. Tired muscles eased up. He closed his eyes and his mind decided to treat him to the image of Castiel in his kitchen. Wet and only wearing a towel and a confused look. His dick thickened with interest. He reached down to it and rubbed it with his hand. A feeling of guilt washed over him. Here he was thinking about rubbing one out and the guy in question was literally in his basement. He had to relax though. He was on edge from the day’s events and being stuck in the house with Castiel for the next day or two was going to be difficult if he didn’t take the edge of.
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle. He remembered being young and wanting freedom more so than money. “I got something to take care of and we’ll talk about it when I get back.”
“I haven’t heard the weather report…” Dean confessed. He rubbed the back of his head. “It can’t be that bad you know how they like to blow stuff out of proportion.”
“Dean, your sexual preferences aren’t as hidden as you think. I noticed a while ago that you… liked both.” He smiled softly. “I just… didn’t think it applied to me. You… you made it very clear that you viewed me as family, as a friend, as a brother. I had thought perhaps you weren’t interested in pursuing a relationship with me.”
He nodded. “If you want to, Dean.” His blood still thumped in his head as he followed Dean out the door.
“It’s fine.” Dean said. He grabbed his dick and with a few jerks he was coming as well. He flopped back onto the bed beside Castiel. “Whew that was, that was something else.”
“Oh, dear, the poor thing went and got killed? I bet your brother is devastated. Where is Dean anyway?”
“I can’t get ahold of Dean,” Her voice sounded wet. “He was,” She sniffed. “What happened to him? Please, tell me. Jody she,” She sniffed again. “She didn’t elaborate, and now I can’t get ahold of Dean.”
“No, I…” He was almost that desperate but he couldn’t do that to Dean either. “I just want help. There aren’t many major players on the board and since you are a powerful witch and… top demon…”
Castiel nearly jumped. “Sorry, I was uh, taking it all in. I hope you don’t mind.” He suddenly felt intrusive. Here was in a friend’s (and his boss) home scoping out his photos. Now Dean probably thought he was some sort of weirdo.
He shook his head as he picked up his dangling headphones. “I probably had these up too loud.” He paused his music. “I uh,”
He nodded. “I don’t want it to be the first thing we do. I know I was… all over you before but I was…”
“No, there are ones younger than me…” an idea hit him. “If you are awake… who else might be awake?” He rubbed his chin. “Maybe… an archangel, someone who might actually know about the Empty and knows how to get out.”
“It was about him getting off. Once he finished he would just leave and I would lay there… sore and sad. I didn’t want to but he started with if I didn’t he wouldn’t buy groceries or let me live there. I vowed to never be vulnerable again. Not ever. I vowed to never even date again but being with you… you showed me what love is. What real love is. I’m not scared anymore, Dean. I know,” He kissed him. “You will keep me safe, I know you will love me no matter what, and I know I can be vulnerable around you and you won’t take advantage of me. I love you, Dean Winchester, now and forever I am yours.” He kissed his chest
“Then in Purgatory, I just… losing you destroyed me in a way no one else had. Yeah, I mourned for my loss with Lisa but with you… it was different. It hurt like a bitch when I thought I would never see you again.” He reached out and cradled Castiel’s face.
He shook his head. “I’m sorry, I’m pretty sure telling a guy you are giving them your heart is a pretty big damn deal.” He gestured at him. “And here you are acting like it’s nothing. It’s really confusing, Cas.”
Castiel joined his mother at the table as well as Chuck. He took the tot from his father. “The wine was enough, Dad.”
Dean felt out of place in Jody’s home. They all had a routine, they knew their roles, he however felt lost. He had his own routine at home. When he got up usually about eight or seven after getting his four hours of sleep, he would make himself some coffee then make breakfast. Usually, once he got all that going Sam would roll his happy ass out of bed. He would get his toast and his coffee then go for a run like a maniac. When Jack was at the Bunker he would arrive after Sam. Usually still yawning, he would skip the coffee and pour himself some sugary cereal. Sam never wanted him to have it but Dean would let him slip by with it. Then of course there was Cas. He was always up and around before anyone. Like clockwork, once Dean stepped into the kitchen he would appear at the table coffee mug in hand. It always amazed him how Cas could drink so much coffee for a being who didn’t need to sleep or eat. His heart ached as he stared at the steaming mug in front of him. He missed Cas. He missed his smile, his blue eyes, his dry humor, his everything. He sighed again when suddenly he heard.
“I uh, need some air.” He hopped up from his chair and excused himself. He headed outside. The cold air burned his lungs as he breathed it in. He focused on his breathing; in and out, in and out. He choked back a sob. He usually didn’t get this emotional. The door opened. He didn’t dare look up he didn’t want anyone to see him like this; weak and sad.
“Fine by me.” Dean said. He was extremely cold now it felt like the cold was sneaking into his bones. He looked up at Castiel who he swore he saw shiver. He didn’t like the thought of Castiel being cold so he was sure as hell was going to take a break.
Jack walked into the kitchen with Castiel. “Thank you for breakfast.” Jack said as he pulled up a chair.
“Good.” Chuck said with a smile. “It will be nice to see everyone together again. Me and your mother have a big dinner planned for all of us.”
“Yeah, I’m at the hospital now,” Sam said. He squeezed his arm. “No, he pulled through. It missed his spine. He got lucky.”
“I did.” He took his hand. “I would like to do it again.” He smiled. “And I mean all of it. The date and the kissing.”
Dean cleared his throat and pushed Castiel into the cabin. “Overlook my husband he has an overactive imagination.” He chuckled. He looked back at Castiel and mouthed ‘enough’
“Thank you… for the job. I really needed it.” He smiled at him his expression was hopeful like he had been a man who had been dealt many bad hands lately and was finally seeing something positive.
They got back in the car. Dean started the car. “Since you don’t want me to call you friend anymore what can I call you?” He joked
He flinched. He usually didn’t talk to Claire all that much. She was way closer to Dean than she was to him. “What do you mean?”
Dean drove them back to his house. It was late the sun had long set. Dean watched for any ice that might be on the road as the water refroze. He got them home safely. They headed in.
He didn’t have a lot of pictures of the two of them. But this one was special. Sam took it when they were in Dodge City. Right before everything went sideways. The two of them in their cowboy outfits. Castiel looking annoyed, cowboy hat perched on his head. He sighed. “I love you too.” He said to the picture. He just wished he got to say it to him in person. He laid the photo down on the table then got out some new clothes. He took off his jacket that still had Castiel’s bloody handprint on it. He laid his hand over the now dried blood. He could never wash it. It was the only part he had left of Cas. He folded it then laid on his chair. There was a knock at his door which startled him out of his thoughts  “Come in.”
“And mom… I didn’t expect her to ask you to leave. Listen, please, don’t go.” He rubbed his thumb along his hand.
“No, you checking in is good. It means you care and that’s more than I’ve ever had before.” He kissed his neck again.
They headed to the restaurant. Usually, the trip from the house to the restaurant is a quick drive. It took longer this time. Sam had to take it slow because of road crew trucks clearing the roads and little cars that had no business being out in these types of conditions. There were many cars abandoned on the side of the road indicating their owners gave up and hoofed it. Dean glanced over his shoulder at Castiel who was staring out the window. He felt his heart clench. Seeing this mess in person he truly could appreciate how good of an idea it was to get Castiel into his home. He wouldn’t have lasted in this mess.
Dean looked at the clock to see it was nearing six. Castiel was right they probably were looking for them.
“Yeah, well, I just like cuddling.” Dean nuzzled his chest. “I don’t get to do it very often… most one night stands they usually… leave after they get their O on.”
“Which one is hers?” Dean asked. His question didn’t get answered as a short dark-haired woman came bounding up to them.
He chuckled. “It’s okay, Claire. I forgive you this time.” He patted her back and returned the hug. “You may not see me as your father but I do see you as my daughter. I do not want things to be awkward between us.”
Today was the day they were going to go visit Castiel’s family. Dean watched Castiel as he debated what all to pack. He could tell he was nervous. He watched him as he looked both terrified and concerned.
Dean pointed to Charlie’s store The Moon Door Dungeon. “My friend Charlie hosts a D&D game every weekend. I haven’t been in a while… not since Sam moved out. He’s always busy with Eileen so yeah…”
They eased Dean on the bed. His head was thumping he wanted to curl into a ball and give up. He couldn’t remember the last time he felt this bad.
“I wish I could help but I don’t know how,” Emily said. “But if you are on a first-name basis with God, I’d start there.” She nodded and with that, she vanished
“He’s going to be fine, baby.” She reassured him as she rubbed his back. “He’s here with us and not at work or home. He’s in a good place and he’s got you to look after him.”
Dean sighed a sigh of relief seeing his little brother. “Hey.” He said to Sam as he walked into the kitchen after ditching his coat. “Sam, this is Chuck and Naomi. They are Cas’s parents.”
“I propose we take a break.” Sam said with a huff. “I don’t know about you guys but I’m tired and freezing.”
Castiel’s less than pure thoughts were interrupted when a waitress approached the table. They placed their order and she left. Castiel decided it was time to man up and break the ice. “So what do you do for a living, Dean? I never got the chance to ask.”
He took a long sip of it and let the carbonation burn his throat. “I’d rather had whiskey but Coke will do in a pinch.”
“I’m surprised you didn’t want to go shopping.” Castiel said as he sipped his coffee the next morning.
“Forever?” He repeated. “I like the sound of that, Cas.” His eyes closed shut again. “You and me together forever. I think I’m going to go back to sleep.”
He chuckled but it was without humor. “Well, I… I was pretty bad. I did things like a normal rebellious teen. I drank, smoked a little, dyed my hair blue for a while, but the more I did the more attention I got. Mom said I was expressing myself… finding myself. It all came to a head with Dereck. The boyfriend they didn’t approve of I remember Alfie did say to them that I was only dating him for attention.” He sighed. “I guess he’s still resentful for trying to ‘one-up’ him for years. But I wasn’t.” He shook his head. “I don’t want my little brother to hate me, Dean, or you.”
“To me most human behaviors seem ‘off’ but I do agree with you something is unsettling about this town.” He watched Dean open the trunk of the Impala his gaze lingering on the small patch of flesh that was exposed when his shirt lifted up.
Hello, everyone. So I'm back working now and I won't have as much free time as I did to write. So my plan is to update this every other Saturday to give me time to write and edit chapters so I don't feel rushed to get them done.
Crowley pursed his lips. “Well, I suggest we get out of here before this thing implodes. Might be some nasty business.” He smirked. “I’m sure it would be worse than Purgatory.”
Dean blinked. He nestled his face in Castiel’s hair. “I love you, Castiel.” He said again. His heart felt lighter like a weight had been lifted off his shoulders. “I love you so much.”
Castiel chewed on his lips. “Okay.” He sounded unsure. Dean was unsure himself. One set working didn’t mean much. They started on the lights wrapping them around the tree. Soon, the tree was sparkling and bright with various colors. A few bulbs were burnt out here and there which was an easy fix and only one set didn’t work at all.
“I owe you for last night.” Castiel’s voice was gravelly with lust as he spoke. He worked his way down Dean’s chest, kissing him the whole way as he worked his way to his cock. Dean let out a gasp as Castiel kissed his dick. He slowly took him into his mouth.
He chewed on his lips as he stared at the lights. John loved Christmas because Mary loved the holiday. He would tell Dean every year about how much she loved it as he strung up the lights on his house and put up the tree. It made Dean’s heartache. He had all the decorations from then he just didn’t feel like putting them up after John died. The last time he looked at the Christmas tree he curled up in a ball in the hallway and sobbed.
“So Santa needs an offering before he will leave presents?” Jack asked. He tilted his head to the side which reminded Dean of Castiel.
“Now, if only I could get rid of this other crap.” Crowley sighed. “I got a couch, two lamps, and a typewriter.”
He shook his head as Castiel stood up. “You scared me to death. I was thinking you were going to say no.”
Dean sighed. “What is going on with you, man? You, uh,” He sighed as he struggled with what he should say. “I thought we were friends.”
Chuck walked into the kitchen carrying a small tot. Castiel followed behind him. “I uh, this is for Cas.” Chuck held up the tot.
“Well, be surprised. I am the sheriff.” He sat at the desk. “Mostly in name though. My deputy handles most of my work for me now.” He shrugged. “The name is Mike Freely.” He put his feet up on his desk. “So what questions do the mighty FBI have for an old sheriff?”
“It’s too much okay. I uh,” he breathed. He laid his hand on Castiel’s shoulders. “Please, just, wait.”
“It’s not, not anymore. Not for me anyway. That was taken from me when I lost Cas. I can’t take the pain, Sam.” He sniffed. “He died because of me. It’s my fault.” He wailed. It was. He knew it was. If only he had noticed it sooner. If only Cas had told him sooner then the Empty couldn’t have held it over him. If only, and if only. He couldn’t fix it now. His angel was gone and everyone else got their happy ending but him.
“They left to have lunch.” He growled in his ears as if he was sensing what Dean was thinking. “So we can be as loud as we want.”
Dean felt like the world spun around him. One minute he was in the bunker then the next pure black inky darkness. He gasped it took the wind out of him. “Jesus.” He breathed. “That wasn’t fun.”
He smiled again. “I will call Gabriel after breakfast and work my way through the siblings.” He poked at his pancakes. “It’s going to be awkward but I’m going to do it.”
They walked into the house and went straight to the living room. Castiel’s parents sat on the couch, Castiel sat across from them in a recliner, and Dean stood behind him with his hand on his shoulder. Naomi was still staring daggers into his soul. He made a note to not piss her off.
They pulled into the driveway. Most of the snow was gone now. Dean let Castiel out of the car. “I’m uh, going to go to the store and pick up something for dinner.”
“She, she said,” He paused. It hit him the ranger was complaining about the county not letting her use the access road. “I, you was unconscious at the time but she called in for help. The EMTs came up an access road and she mentioned the county wouldn’t let her use the road and she was… going to investigate it.”
The two of them headed in. There was already a small crowd forming. It was Saturday night, a good time for all the young college students and working people to get out. Castiel headed right to the bar with Meg beside him. He frowned the same hateful blond woman was there again.
Castiel wasn’t sure how Dean could fall asleep so fast. He looked down at him and sighed. He was so peaceful looking again. Castiel looked up at his siblings. “Sorry.”
He smirked. “I knew it.” He picked up a jar and scribbled something on the back of it with his pen. He placed it in Dean’s hand.
“There are several restaurants around here that are highly rated. There is a mini-golf course. I have never played mini-golf so…”
Dean laughed uneasily. “Take it easy on the happy juice there, buddy. You haven’t drunk that much you probably got a low alcohol tolerance. Plus, you sort of chugged that last one.”
Castiel flushed. “No, I uh, just don’t like the genre… it’s unrealistic.” He rubbed the back of his neck and looked at Dean. His expression was one of worry.
“I should have told her I gave you my number. That way she would have known.” He smiled. “I usually don’t try to pick up my customers.” He smirked. “But you… you are different.”
Dean watched him leave the office. Castiel looked good walking away too. He had a damn fine butt. Dean let out a sigh and shook his head. He really needed to get himself under control. Poor guy was homeless and here he was lusting after him like a horny teenager. He ran his hands through his hair and tried to work on his paperwork. It was hard to concentrate. His mind kept wandering back to Castiel and his good looks. He daydreamed about him. He tried to keep his mind in the PG territory. The last thing he needed was a ragging boner when he was at work. It was unprofessional.
He glanced at the ranger. He wanted to go with Dean but he couldn’t leave her to finish the hunt it wasn’t fair to her.
He looked at the pride shirt laying there. He could get that. He purchased the shirt smiling at the energetic woman who probably got hit on every five seconds at this place. Gabriel was invited because of his director work in porn. Something that their parents weren’t exactly proud of. Castiel went on to be a nurse Gabriel works with women dressed as nurses for porn. He never judged his brother for his work. He made a good living directing plus it had perks like trips to Vegas. Gabriel was originally going to bring his wife Kali but she had a wedding to attend thus Castiel came with Gabriel.
They walked up to the door and Dean knocked. The door opened up and Castiel stood in front of them. “Dean!” He exclaimed as he wrapped his arms around Dean.
Castiel could understand. He was angry as well. What sort of human would turn against his own kind like this, not to mention one that used to hunt monsters.
Sam prayed to Jack every opportunity he got, he wasn’t going to give up on him. He was either going to annoy Jack into showing up, or something was preventing Jack from showing up. He didn’t know which but as he flipped through books he would mutter a silent prayer. Something somewhere had to work. Somehow. He continued this for days. He kept the necklace in his pocket pulling it out only when he was alone. His hope was starting to fade. Perhaps those last-minute Hail Marys that always seemed to come through was Chuck interfering with their lives. Maybe without someone’s hand on the wheel, nothing would work out for them? He needed to get out of this negative headspace.
Dean’s breathing was shaky as he climbed into the backseat with him. It had been years since he got it on in the car. He pulled his shirt off along the way.
Castiel looked at Michael. The eldest of all the angels looked so defeated. He knew how he felt. He had been there before when his faith was shaken the first time. When he first realized that Chuck didn’t care. His heart sunk. It pained him to know that humans especially Sam and Dean were nothing but playthings to their father. He was ashamed. He looked at Michael again who’s normally strong and stern gaze was cast downward in shame. Michael was emotionally defeated. He reached out but stopped himself. Hugging was a human thing… and Michael may not appreciate the contact. Castiel had lived among humans for so long he almost forgot how to be an angel.
“Oh, about once or twice a day.” He chuckled. “Me and her got a little rivalry going on.” He said with a wink
He laughed. “Oh, yeah, she comes in here all the time. Her husband is a repair guy. We call him when something breaks. She sets his appointments so I usually hit her up for stuff. He gives us a discount because she likes us so well.”
He sighed. Sam was right. He rarely did just call him out of nowhere. Especially since they see each other on a regular bases. “So, I uh, I have a question.”
He was panting when Castiel broke off the kiss. He had his back to the shower wall and was holding Castiel to his chest. “Damn, that was wow.”
Dean feels a pang of guilt for making his brother feel this way. Sam wasn’t wrong though. He was ready to give up. The only reason he had left to stay on this Earth was Sam. Everyone was gone or they didn’t need him, everyone but Sam. He needed to know Sam would be okay without him then he could go.
“Sorry,” He licked his finger that got some honey on it. He did defiantly notice the guy behind the counter watch him lick his fingers. “I usually don’t like honey. But this is good.”
Castiel stared into his eyes. His expression one of determination. Dean thought for sure Cas was going to tell him no. “I’ll… do it…” He sighed. “Thank you, Dean.” He stood up and laid the books on his backpack. He looked at him and rubbed his arm sheepishly. “Um, I do have a lot of stuff to pack up… do you mind if I bring my tent and everything with me? I have a lot of camping gear that I picked up to make it bearable.”
Was Dean making an offer? He felt his face heat up. His mind racing with a million thoughts of him with Dean. “I uh,”
“This,” Dean started with a broad grin as he opened the box. He pulled out a big green branch. “Is a Christmas tree.”
Castiel watched the squirrel bounce away when he noticed something across the trail. He frowned at it. What was it? It looked like a rope. “Dean!” He shouted but he was too late. Dean walked into the rope. There was a loud snapping sound, followed by Dean’s screams as a trap sprang forth hauling him up into the trees by his leg upside down.
He slowly sat himself down beside him. “So that was… that was something.” Dean said. He was unsure of what to say. He licked his lips and looked at Castiel. He was unfamiliar with this type of conflict. Family drama wasn’t something they really had in their family. Sure his mom’s parents didn’t care for his dad but he never personally bared witness to it.
“Don’t beat yourself up over it, okay. We all make mistakes. Me and Sammy, all the time we think we are done then something else comes up.”
“I…” He took in a breath. “I don’t want you to feel pressured, okay. I know… you’ve been through a lot and I don’t want you to do something you’ll regret later.”
He knew his jaw had to have fallen open. “Cas, I…” He didn’t expect this. It was so… intimate, all-inclusive, and… it felt like something permanent like Castiel was pledging himself to Dean. He took the necklace in his hands and looked at the delicate bottle. He ran his hands over it feeling the imperfect edges of the metal wrapped around the glass. Hard to believe a grandmother made this. He could imagine the work she went into while making it. How she would have to carefully wrap the metal around the bottle. He smiled. “Cas, I don’t know what to say.”
He climbed on behind her putting on the helmet she gave him. The ATV roared to life as they followed the access road out of the woods.
He shook his head. “I think he’d like them.” He pulled out the yellowest of the flowers. “I want some of these and some daisies.” He turned to face her when he spotted a vase with a bee painted on it on the shelves behind the register. That was it, it was the perfect vase and it fit with the tulips. Roses would take away from the vase. He smiled. “In that vase with the bee on it.”
“I mean it, Dean. You seem so… happy now. I can’t remember seeing you this happy since you got your garage. He… this Cas guy seems to be right for you.”
“Okay, Dean.” He let go of his hand, fished the keys out of Dean’s jacket. He grimaced most likely from touching the blood that was soaking through Dean’s jacket. “I’ll meet you at the hospital.”
“It’s not like what? Are you being you again? Doing something to get mom and dad’s attention because you felt like you didn’t get enough? Because that’s how I see it.” He scoffed. “You bringing some guy around saying that you were homeless and he gave you a home. Bet he just sees you as some easy lay.”
His heart warmed. He brought his hand up to his lips and kissed it. “I am happy to hear that. It means a lot to hear you say you feel safe with me.”
Dean felt naked with the Castiel’s strong gaze gone but then again he was already naked so… He got to cleaning himself up. He was wishing he waited until they got home but it was too late now.
He jumped in the shower and got dressed. Without Castiel to distract him in the shower, it was a fairly quick affair. He missed Cas. This was the first time he had been without him in months. Castiel being around him became natural almost like breathing.
He worked on sweeping, and then he got out the mop and mopped the floor. He used some op and glow bringing his hardwood floors into glorious life. He smiled to himself when he was done. Man was he good. The floors looked great.
Dean rested his hand on his knee. “It’s going to fine. It’s your brother and you shouldn’t worry about me meeting them… I know them,” He laughed. “Remember? Lucas is my repairman.”
Castiel watched TV quietly for about an hour. Dean began to stir beside him. He looked at him as Dean rolled over.
“Yes, yes it is, but, he wants me to go with him to meet his family in person. He’s calling his siblings now and wants to make a special trip to the old homestead; he wants me to go with him.”
Castiel started coffee. He poured himself a cup then started breakfast. Shortly thereafter, Dean wandered back into the kitchen. He sat at the table with a yawn. Castiel passed him a cup of coffee.
“I got to tell you… I think I love you.” Dean’s eyes closed. He would take a little nap, yeah, that would be fine, he had Cas with him after all. The last thing he heard was Cas shouting. “Dean? Dean!”
He smiled. “We’ll work something out, Cas.” He squeezed his shoulder. “How about you have dinner with me and my wife… get to know Kelly. It would mean a lot to me.”
He looked around to see that it was far from the stretch of buildings that was Main Street. “It’s very pretty.”
They walked into the dining room and the Novak clan is already sitting at the table when they walk into the dining room.
He smiled. “Then why come to this loud bar if you’d rather be at home with your feet up watching Netflix?”
Castiel thought about it. Monsters have been around for nearly as long as man had. He didn’t know much about them before meeting the Winchesters however. Yes, he knew of them but he never exactly had to face them. They were beneath him, a mear blip on his radar. His main focus in the garrison was fighting demons not average monsters. “No, not anything I know of. But honestly, I don’t know that much outside of what you and Sam taught me.”
He could do it. He could take a step back. The biggest bad was gone now… no one was writing up new ones. He could do it. If he really tried. He could go home, find a job and leave this hunting behind. He chewed on his lips. How would Sam feel about it? He scoffed to himself. Sammy would be elated. Yeah, Dean could take on little hunts like Donna and Jody do, stay close to town, and not drive everywhere. He might be bored at first but he could get used to it.
Sam sighed. “Of course you don’t. You haven’t been human for that long… Cas, as an angel did you feel emotions?”
“Sorry, school wasn’t very pleasant for me. I had a hard time making friends because I was considered weird.” Castiel muttered. He felt Dean rub his thumb along his knuckles. He looked at him.
“No cheating!” Gabriel tossed a rolled up candy wrapper at them. He laughed as Castiel rolled his eyes at him. “Always so serious, Cassie.”
He picked up his stuff and retreated into the bathroom. He pushed the thoughts of Dean out of his head. He would have to apologize later. He did not mean to make him uncomfortable. He changed into his old suit. It seemed strange to wear it now. Like it wasn’t him anymore. He stepped out of the bathroom as Dean was adjusting his tie.
He sighed and pulled on the rest of his clothes. Eventually, they would talk. He needed to be open with Castiel about how his family made him feel. Sure it was awkward and embarrassing but he needed to be open about it then he would feel better. He picked up a towel from the floor and when he stood up the room spun for a second. He groaned and stuck his hand on the wall to steady himself. He hoped he wasn’t coming down with something.
“Hmm? Are you proposing to stay here as our date?” He asked as he sat down the plates. A smile spread across his face
Dean felt jittery as they slowly approached his house. His mind was going a million miles an hour. He went over again and again what he wanted to say to Castiel in his head. It should be simple he would lay it all out on the table for Castiel. He would make his point clear and his wants known. He chewed his lip. He was still worried about Castiel rejecting him. He always had to deal with his low self-esteem he had gotten better about it over the years but from time to time he still had to battle his old demons.
Sorry for the long delay. I had this all written the whole thing and I just couldn't get myself to post it for some reason. The whole thing is done so I will probably completely update it throughout the week. Hope you all enjoy it.
“Love you too.” Dean managed to say when Castiel stopped kissing him for a minute. He managed to guide them to the bedroom.
Dean shrugged. “Mom noticed, and so did Jack.” He looked at Castiel. “Guess Sam isn’t as smart as I thought.” The angel laughed and Dean looked at Sam. “As for how. Now when a man and an angel love each other very much.”
“Wow, Cas, don’t scar Sam.” Dean said. He shook his head. “Bad enough you probably traumatized mom.”
Dean relaxed as they went through a drive-through. He happily ate his sandwich and drank his milkshake. Sam continued to drive taking a few bits of his food here and there. He considered lecturing his brother about it but he was eager to get home. Once the food was down he took another pain pill to ease the throbbing pain that had developed.
“Is that what Cas wants though?” Sam asked as he followed him. He looked at him with a worried expression.
Dean flipped the pancake over to the cook on the other side. They could have a proper Christmas now. They had their mother back, they had Jack, Dean had Castiel and Sam had Rowena. They were a family. He looked over at Sam who was looking at his laptop. “Hey, Sammy,”
She sucked in a breath. “He’s leaving right now, he,” tears filled her eyes. “He told me he wasn’t coming back. Because he’s unwanted.”
He smiled. “I want to be with you forever, Dean.” He said. He looked away as sadness crossed his face. Forever had two different meanings for them since one was a human and one was an angel. Hell, they may not even survive this whole thing with Chuck. Castiel kissed his cheek. “Forever,” He said softly.
He dashed back upstairs. He washed up the dishes quickly as there wasn’t that many in the sink. He heard Dean make his way downstairs. He drained the water as Dean walked into the kitchen. He was wearing another set of pajamas.
“Send him spiraling even more.” He sighed. “I know, and I… I can’t watch that.” He sniffed thinking of Dean begging him to let him go to let him die.
A small woman Dean hadn’t seen before stepped forward. “Hello,” She nodded at Dean. “I’m uh, Jennifer. I am apparently Death now.” She shrugged. “I didn’t expect it but I was the last reaper to die when the Empty was on a rampage.” She sighed. “I am going to give you about ten minutes. If you aren’t back by then I’m going to pull you back to this world. We only have one chance… I… I don’t want the Empty coming after me.” She shuddered
The two of them walked into the kitchen. Benny looked at him in confusion from the grill. “Guys, this is Castiel.” He addressed his crew.
He sighed. “It’s hard telling. I mean, he should by that logic but he did die in another universe so… I don’t know if the Empty covers everything or if…”
He spotted a boombox sitting in the corner. He picked it up it clearly was used. He turned it on and the mixed tape he made for Cas started to play. His heart broke. Tears formed in his eyes. He sat on the bed clinging to the boom box sobbing. He missed Cas so much. It was like he lost a piece of himself. He was angry at himself for never telling him how he felt and mad because Cas was gone. He wanted to destroy something so it would match the feelings in his heart. He held up the boom box ready to throw it into the ground when he stopped. What was the point? Breaking the poor boom box and probably destroying the tape inside wouldn’t bring back Cas. It wouldn’t help him feel better. He would still have a hole in his heart. Hell, it would make it worse.
Sam patted Dean on the shoulder. “Dad would have loved Cas. He would have seen how happy he makes you. I can see it. I can’t think of a time I have ever seen you this happy. Hell, you are practically glowing.”
That was the silver lining to his nightmare. He found Dean… if he hadn’t gotten himself in this mess then he and Dean wouldn’t have ever met. His hand surged out without his permission and took Dean’s hand that was resting beside him. He gripped it tightly and Dean rubbed little circles on his palm. It soothed Castiel. Everything Dean did soothed him brought comfort to him. He pulled Dean’s hand close to his chest and held it tightly. Dean could probably feel his heart beating out of his chest now.
Castiel glared at him. He glanced over at Dean who was studying The Collector as he walked near him. “I am no angel. Not anymore.”
“Cas, I understand. Look, whatever this is, it’s been going on since Purgatory and I… I don’t want it to be a one-off. I want you. But I want it to be special not some half-hazard grope session in the shower. I want to have a relationship with you. I want to be more than friends with you. I just wasn’t sure if you felt the same way.”
Dean stood there in shock. He still felt like he was floating. “Oh, uh, yeah dishes.” He stuck his hands down in the now cold water and began to wash the dishes.
Castiel woke up the next day alone in bed. He had forgotten about Dean falling asleep on the couch. He yawned. The laptop was still out on the bed, he had fallen asleep looking for date ideas. He put the laptop away. He listened for any sound of Dean and only heard light snoring. Castiel decided to take a shower. He collected his clothes and headed in. He turned on the water waiting for it to warm up. He stripped and climbed into the shower. He took his time getting clean. He dried off and got dressed.
“You know,” Dean whispered in his ear. “You telling me to hush was the hottest thing I have ever heard.”
Dean frowned. “Dude, seriously what the hell is your problem? I was just trying to be a good friend and hook you up.”
Dean paid attention to the little details. He had noticed that Castiel tended to fidget when he was anxious. “Want to talk about it?”
He sighed. He wasn’t. He was a low man on the totem pole. He knows it, his mom knows it, and so does Michael. She was trying to put Castiel up on a pedestal to make him feel better about himself.
Bobby Singer was the owner of the bookstore. Despite his gruff look and ever-present ball cap, he was a big-time reader. He collected and traded books. His big draw to his store was a book exchange where people would bring in old books and would get new ones. It was how he kept product flowing. Though he did get new products from time to time. Dean and Sam spent a lot of time in this bookstore growing up. Bobby and John turned into good friends once John settled in and Bobby was like an Uncle or a second father to them. “Dean,” Bobby greeted. “I ain’t seen you in here in like forever.”
“We’re here.” The Uber drive announced as they pulled up to Castiel’s place. The driver looked in the rearview mirror his face saying ‘Thank God’
Castiel removed his own boxers. Dean glanced down at Castiel’s cock. It was large and full. He licked his lips as pre-come beaded on the tip of it. It was a good cock one that would rock Dean’s world. He heard the lube bottle open. He chewed his lips as he watched Castiel squeeze some into his hands. “Give me your hands.” His voice was deepest Dean had ever heard.
“I’m thanking you for being you.” He moved his hand from his knee. Dean immediately felt the absence of his hand. “I… it usually takes me a long time to trust anyone. After Dereck and I started traveling I ran into a lot of so-called well-meaning people.” He crossed his arms. “You wouldn’t believe how horrible people are. I remember a few times people refusing to give me rides unless I gave them blowjobs…”
“Yes, yesterday.” He stated as he pulled the blanket back up and shot Dean a stern look that said don’t mess with them.
It seemed like no time when they were back home. Sam had pushed himself to keep driving and eventually, they made it home in record time. He helped Dean get out of the car.
Castiel looked at the small trail. To most people, they would assume it was an animal trail. He kicked some of the leaves away. “Look at this, Dean,” He pointed at the obvious drag marks down that grooved the trail.
He opened one eye the clock on the dresser said it was about two in the morning. He looked at Castiel who fidgeted in his sleep and made a pained moaning sound. He was having a nightmare. He licked his lips. He could wake Castiel up too but that didn’t seem fair. He studied him wondering what to do. Castiel usually didn’t have nightmares at home.
“Need help, husband?” Castiel asked as he walked up behind him. He wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders and pulled him in close.
She moved the cloth away and looked at the wound. “It’s bad.” She stated. She pulled out a pair of scissors and cut open Dean’s shirt. “But I think he should live. He just lost a lot of blood.” She took out a needle and thread. She lit a lighter over the needle cleaning the germs off. “I’m going to patch him up so they can take him to the hospital.”
“I know, I know you worry about me. Maybe, you guys worry too much.” He sat down his fork and sighed. “Mom, Dad, I love Dean. I’m not a fragile flower that needs to be protected. I’m a grown man. Yes, I have made mistakes. God knows that I think about those mistakes often and regret them but, Dean is different. I’m not giving up me or my family for him. He,” He pointed at him. “He was the one who helped push me to come here.” He clenched his fists and fought back tears. “I didn’t want to I was scared. I was so scared of what you would say how you would judge me. I get it, mom, I fucked up, okay. Now drop it. Dean isn’t Dereck there is no need to live in the past! I’m back home. I’m here mending fences. I came back home.” He sniffed
“He’s a great guy.” Sam patted his back. “I think you and him are a great match. Do I get to be the best man?”
It was perfect. The addition of the bee really brought it together. Plus once the flowers eventually died Cas would have a vase and a cute plastic bee to remember it by. “It’s perfect, Rowena.”
“Sorry I just wouldn’t have pegged such a serious-looking dude as someone who likes pop music.” He snickered
Castiel looked at Sam. “We had no intentions of ‘screwing’.” Castiel air-quoted the word screwing without actually using his hands and Sam was impressed. “I was only comforting Dean. He was having a hard time getting to sleep.”
Dean nodded. “Being an angel seems like it sucked.” He observed as he wiped his mouth. “Anna she uh, she didn’t like it either.”
Sam walked into the office. “You okay? Lucas took off in a hurry and I heard something thud.” He looked at him. “Dean, dude, you are pale.” He walked up to him and laid his hand on his shoulder.
He started walking. He had no idea where he just picked a direction and headed that way. He breathed the fresh air deeply. Maybe it would help. The fresh air and being away from Dean.
He looked at the bunker. The once welcoming walls now full of pain held nothing for him. “Sammy.” He shook his head. “I can’t.” he started to cry. “Please don’t make me.”
“So Lucas can come in today and look at the walk-in.” She said. She was always quick and direct with work. No wonder her husband had her running the call center.
“We can work together to get him out,” Sam said. He chuckled. “I never,” He put his arm around her small frame. “This could work. What do we need?”
“Imagine living with it.” He looked at the honey and sighed. “Did you actually like the honey, Dean?”
He looked at the phone. A gasp escaped him as he was looking at a picture of his brother Lucas. “It’s… it’s,”
“You know I never asked before,” Castiel started. “You told me that you and your family traveled a lot before you got settled back home… did you guys use this same car?”
Sam got off his bed and picked up his jacket. “Yes, it is.” He eased passed the angel and closed the door behind him. “So yeah you and Dean will be
“I…” he poked his food with the fork. “When you say date… do you mean an actual date or are you planning on… you know… with me?” he blushed. He couldn’t believe how awkward this was. It wasn’t that long ago he was cramming his tongue down Dean’s throat and now he can’t even say what’s on his mind.
He rolled his eyes. “I didn’t have sex with Dean, Crowley. I told him I loved him and how much he meant to me.” He admitted
“You’re loopy,” Dean grumbled. He rubbed Castiel’s hand. “Such a big hand.” He giggled. “And pretty blue eyes. Did you know you have such pretty eyes?”
He chuckled. “I’m sorry… it had been a long time and… well…” He ran his hands over his face. He looked way more tired than usual.
Dean suddenly felt self-conscious. “Um, you’re folks aren’t going to be mad you gave me this are they?”
“Sorry, sorry, I know you know that. I’ve fought for so long, Claire. I feel like I’ve been fighting since my mom died. I’ve tried to make peace with it all but hit after hit, after hit, there’s only so much someone can come back from.”
He smiled to himself. Sex with Cas was perfect. It was everything he could ever want full of love and affection. Plus, not for nothing it was one of the best orgasms he had in a while. No one had ever held him like that. Worked him over like that. Made him feel sexy, and loved all at the same time.
“Sorry, but when, when Cas came back. I felt that spark again and when he… said he didn’t want to bother me with his problems I realized then I would have uprooted my life to help him. That was when I, I started to admit to myself that maybe my feelings weren’t so much gratefulness as I thought they were.” He sighed. “But I had myself convinced that Cas didn’t feel the same. He had Meg at one point so I just assumed that he… wasn’t into dudes. But the more I talked to him, got to know him the more I fell for him.” He shrugged. “I didn’t think he could love me, because Anna said that angels didn’t feel anything. I didn’t want to… risk getting heartbroken. If I told him and he said no, or worse he went along with it just to make me happy I couldn’t live with myself. But… I just didn’t notice.”
Dean laid beside him and listened to his breathing even out. Castiel was sleeping peacefully. He sighed and pulled him up against his chest. He laid his head on his shoulder and fell back asleep with him. It truly had been a long day and tomorrow would be longer when the rest of the family came around.
He turned to see Castiel weaving his way through the crowd. “Cas.” He said quietly. Castiel was in a suit with a blue tie that most likely brought out his eyes. He smiled at Castiel and almost laughed when the other man stopped and took in his sight.
“Oh, ugh, sorry.” He stepped out of the room. He sent a text to Sam letting him know that the doctor was looking over Dean. He sighed. He needed coffee. He believed that would be the first thing he did when he got out of here. He realized Dean didn’t have a shirt though since they cut it off of him yesterday. He couldn’t very well leave with the hospital gown on.
The angel glanced over at Dean. “I assume that is the great Dean Winchester?” He chuckled. “You have poor taste in men, Castiel.” He sighed. “I don’t think you and I have ever met in person. I am Isaiah.”
“I…” Castiel stared at the photo. Tears gathered in his eyes. He covered his face. “I’m not ready, Dean. I can’t… I can’t face them. Least of all Lucas… I can’t look him in the eyes and tell him I was so wrong about Derek…”
“Don’t worry I will teach you everything you need to know.” He smiled. “And uh, I was thinking maybe after the snow clears up maybe you and I could go to the movies.”
He nodded. He let go of his hand. “Yeah.” There was a heavy silence that fell over them. Dean sighed. “So, uh, I’m going to try to clear the driveway since it stopped snowing.” He got up to head to the closet to get his winter gear.
They walked outside. Dean automatically walked up to his car. He stopped as he pulled out his key. “Oh, sorry. I was running on autopilot.”
“Cas,” He sighed. “I can’t believe we have been dancing around this for so long… thinking the other one wasn’t interested.” He chuckled. “When we could have been together.”
“Me either.” Dean said. He gestured to Castiel. “Hey, Cas, I got a coloring book and some crayons for Jack I forgot to get them out.”
“It’s one hundred and one.” Castiel reported to his parents. He took Dean’s hand which was hot. “I’m here, Dean.” He said softly. He squeezed Dean’s hand. He never wanted to let go of Dean’s hand. He wanted him to know he would be there with him forever.
“Yeah, so anyway, I opened up my business back home. My first client was a small businesswoman named Kelly.” He blushed when he mentioned her name. “I helped her with her A.C. and asked her on a date… I was terrible at client relations and she started helping me maintain my books and setting up appointments.” He chuckled. “She got pregnant; we got married then went into business together.”
He swallowed hard. He felt alone while surrounded by people. He felt like something was trying to crawl out of his skin. He was so uneasy. What if it was like this all the time? What if the Novak family didn’t let him in? His heart sank. He was looking forward to large family gatherings on Christmas and Thanksgiving.
“I’d like to know why so many of us are waking up,” Crowley said. “This is place is supposed to trap us right? Then why are we upright and walking around?”
Castiel blinked. Well, why the hell not? What could he lose? He got up and stood over the fountain. He didn’t believe in this. Superstitious stuff as far as he was concerned. He sucked in a breath. He tried to put all of his bad thoughts into the penny, then he low-key wished that he and Dean would keep dating. He flipped the coin, it hit the water with a satisfying plunk. He watched it sink to the bottom of the fountain. He looked back at Dean who gave him a thumbs up. He returned the gesture.
He almost fell out of his seat when suddenly a tall man with honey-colored hair was standing behind the bar. “I uh,” Words… he used to know words. But he lacked the words, he lacked everything as all his brain focused on the man before him. To say he was attractive was an understatement. He had green eyes, full pouty lips, and freckles. Castiel couldn’t recall the last time he saw a man this attractive. “You’re not the bartender I had earlier.” That was all he managed to say. Smooth, Cas, real smooth. He wanted to slide out of the stool go home and never come back out.
“Cas, you know it wouldn’t have worked. The bad dudes would have killed me too.” He rubbed Castiel’s leg. “Listen, we got a long road ahead of us to work this all out, okay.”
Michael who looked rather unimpressed with the whole situation smoothed out his shirt. “It is either more of us waking up…”
His deep voice sent rumbles through Dean’s body. He considered tossing the flowers and running for it but he could see they were falling behind in decorating. He couldn’t do that to Sam. He sighed. “I brought flowers.” He announced
He rolled his eyes. “To be honest, Dean wants… he wants to be married. He is looking to settle down he made that pretty clear and I…” He chewed on his lips. “Mom, I’m scared. I… ever since what happened I’ve been afraid to go all in.” His lips quivered. “I don’t know what to do.”
“Hey, Cas,” He said. He patted the other man on the back. It felt good to hold him. He was warm and he smelled great.
“No,” He huffed in frustration. “There was a male bartender, his name was Dean. He gave me his number and I lost it. I just want his number and,” He realized he probably sounded like a crazy person. “Maybe you could give me his number.”
He shook his head. “It was more like family. I couldn’t… I didn’t love her romantically at all. I barely had sex with her I,”
She smiled. “I wanted you to know that I approve of you and Cassie. You two are so cute.” She rubbed her arm. “But I want you to promise me something.” She looked at him her eyes full of worry. “Promise me that you will take care of him. He’s so… in love with you. I can see it. Hell, we all can see it. I just… I don’t want to see him get his heartbroken.”
Sam got up. “Come on let’s go. I am starving.” He was practically out the door before Dean got out his chair.
Castiel leaped up from his seat and ran over to Gabriel. He wrapped his arms around him and hugged him tightly.
“Won’t be a problem. Bess stocked up on food so we got plenty and as long as the power and internet don’t go out I won’t get bored.” He chuckled. “I got a hell of a honey-do list so I’ll be busy.”
He heard laughing and cheering. He looked up to see a booth of various women in bikinis taking photos with fans. He wagered they were porn stars. He knew somewhere his brother was giving autographs and answering questions.
Dean sucked his teeth. “Looks like whatever freak it is, hides up here grabs folks then drags them off the trail.”
“Yeah, it’s a fake tree, Cas. Easier that way so next year if we get… busy with uh, work we can put it up whenever and not have to worry about watering it.”
Dean stared at him before he opened the car. He glanced at the restaurant and frowned. “We got to go.”
He walked out with the bag slung over his shoulder and stopped at the sight before him. There was a man digging in the bookstore dumpster. “Hey!” Dean yelled at the guy. He wasn’t sure what was going on but he wasn’t going to let some weirdo mess with Bobby’s dumpster.
Castiel backed him into the room, his mouth never leaving his as they fell onto the bed with a thump. Castiel was in control of the situation. Dean felt his clothes being tugged on. He removed them quickly and helped Castiel get his off. They were now in their boxers. Castiel broke his lips from his for a moment. He reached over to the nightstand grabbing lube.
Castiel all but leaped out of the car. He needed to get away from him at least for a minute. He had to get away from Dean and his stupidity and questions.
He noticed the tot with the stuffed dog hanging out of it. That’s it! He needed his bear. He climbed out of bed quietly and got the dog. It was raggedly and a little dusty. It looked like it had been owned by a couple of Novak children. He made his way back over to the bed and placed the stuffed dog in Castiel’s arms.
He opened his mouth to protest but closed it and headed towards the living room. He sat down on the couch gracefully.
He nodded. “Hmm.” He started to eat the food. His eyes kept drifting shut. “I want to eat but I am so sleepy.”
Michael shrugged again. Hard to believe one of the most powerful archangels was so flippant about everything. Maybe being in the cage calmed him down. Maybe it was Adam. “I won’t lie to you. I’m not completely doing this for you. You see there aren’t that many angels left in heaven. With Castiel gone our numbers are very low now. I am strong. But I can’t make angels. I know Jack made a few but we need more than a few to run heaven. Heaven is barely hanging on. If another one of us dies then that’s it. Heaven will fall.”
“You’d be right. Books are the best. Nothing beats the feeling of paper in your hand and the smell.”
Castiel stared at his hand. He had to admit he wanted it. He was half-hard in his pants after the kiss anyway. He took his hand and hoped they weren’t moving too fast.
Dean let out a small moan as the kiss deepened. Castiel had him against a wall and was kissing Dean senseless. They finally broke apart from their make-out session to breathe. Dean looked at him. His green eyes were wide. “Cas.” He breathed
“I am familiar with this store. She and her coworker Kevin left me sandwiches from time to time. She even gave me a comic.” Castiel said. “And why did she call you a handmaiden?”
Castiel looked down at the tie and held it in his hand. “My… my it’s uh,” He frowned at it. “Thank you…” He trailed off
Sam nodded and went back to his TV show. Dean studied his phone and was preparing to put it away when another text came in.
Kaia nodded. “Cas came up to Claire told her he was proud of her but he was returning to heaven… forever.”
He shook his head. “I don’t need rest, Cas, I need to…” He paused and sighed. “Solve this case.” He mumbled as he stared at his hands. He had a lot on his mind.
Castiel ran his hand along Dean’s arm. “Are you okay?” he asked in a hushed tone. “You’ve been off today.”
She smiled. “Good. Now that, that’s out of the way, I think you and him are a good fit and I truly do like you Dean.”
Dean blinked and looked away. Castiel was pretty sure he saw him blush slightly. He shook his head. “Oh… I think… I get it now.” He licked his lips. He picked up his sponge and tossed it in the bucket with his. He picked up the hose. He looked at him. The air was charged again but this time Dean looked at him with a look of want and desire. “I think we need to rinse off the soap.” He said. His voice was thick and rough. It struck a chord with Castiel he had never heard him speak like that before. Dean turned on the hose and started to rinse off the car. He looked at the angel his green eyes dark.
The waitress approached them; she was a small woman with bouncy hair, large breasts, and a stupid smile… Dean’s type. Castiel glared at her from the menu he wasn’t reading.
“I don’t think you should stay here, Dean. Look, since we’ve gotten back you’ve been hiding in here,”
Dean was grateful that Eileen talked Sam into buying an SUV at least one of the Winchester brothers had wheels for this type of weather.
“I’ll take you however I can get you. Okay? If all you want to do is jack me off then fine. If all I can get from you is a blow job then fine.” He sounded desperate. He felt his cock soften some. “If you don’t want to that’s fine. I know you’ve been through some shit so if you don’t want to that’s fine.” He looked away from him. He couldn’t stand to look at him feeling desperate like a teenager trying to get their crush to look at them. “Sorry.”
He slowly opened his eyes. The bright lights overhead burned still, he groaned as he blinked to clear up his vision. The smell of antiseptic hit him so hard he almost gagged. He hated hospitals. He tried to get his arm away from Sam who slowly let him go. He opened his eyes again realizing he was on his side in the hospital bed.  “Sam,” He tried to say but his throat was dry as a desert.
Dean chuckled. “That is a little weird. We went there once but I really don’t remember it.” It was an odd thing to have income was their traveling. Since Dean spent a large part of his life traveling and Castiel for reasons he still hadn’t shared yet (though Dean and his fellow employees had all kinds of theories) had also been traveling around the country. They would swap stories about places they seen and things that happened. “What’s one place you wanted to go but didn’t get to? We were going to go to the Grand Canyon, never made it. Dad found this place shortly before we were going to go and he stopped traveling after that.”
“Oi! Cas!” Crowley shouted snapping him out of his thoughts. “Care to share with the rest of the class? You checked out, do you know of an exit?”
They got in the car and headed to the book store. Castiel had become an avid reader during his time on Earth. He was looking forward to digging through the aisles to see what they had. They drove to the book store. A large building came into view.
He chuckled as they made their way to the bathroom. They barely took their lips off of one another as they piled each other’s clothes off. The necklace caught on his chest and caused him to hiss in pain.
Dean scoffed as he tossed the stuff on the bed again. “Jeez, Sammy, I almost died doesn’t mean that I,”
She shook her head. “Still, it wasn’t fair.” She smiled at Sam and held out her hand. “Naomi Novak, I am Castiel’s mother.”
He walked forward and took Dean’s hand. “Dean, you could have just told me. I have had feelings for you for a while. I never acted because I thought that… maybe you didn’t feel the same.” He looked down at his shirt. “I guess I did the same thing… I thought I would see if you would… get a ‘rise’.”
He laughed. “Coming off a little desperate there, Cas.” He finished his coffee. “First of all, give the person time to contact you. You don’t know what he’s doing. He could be in college or have a sick aunt to take care of you don’t know. So, give him a few more days and see if he contacts if not then move on. Plenty of fish out there.”
“As much as I would love to pick up some new books, I am afraid I have to head home. I slipped out while Dean was asleep.” The guilt from it weighed on him. He expected his phone to start going off any minute with Dean looking for him. “So I need to return soon. But I will come back and look through them.”
Dean licked his dry lips preparing to argue with him when the EMS workers stormed into the barn. He was shocked by how fast they got there but maybe they were nearby. A whine escaped his throat as Sam went over the details of what happened glossing over the details of vamps. Dean let his head drop off. Why couldn’t Sam see this was hopeless? He felt something squeeze his arm.
He tried not to laugh as they walked into the store. Castiel let out a gasp. He wasn’t ready for how big the store actually was. Aisle upon aisle unfolded before them. They seemed to stretch forever. “Wow, the pictures online did not do this place justice.”
“Do we have to do this now?” Dean snipped. He did not want to talk about how he felt. “I just woke up, I’m wrapped like a freaking mummy here do you think I want to talk about my feelings?”
Castiel rolled his eyes as cars drove down the road. “I didn’t sit there like a loser for your information. I also got ‘hit on’.”
Dean almost lost control of the car from shock. “Dude, I’m sorry. Geez, what did I do?” He glanced at him. “I don’t care if you’re into guys,”
He shrugged. “Former angel. Whatever I can make some money off your ass too.” He stared at him so hard it made Castiel uncomfortable. He licked his lips and smiled an evil grin. “Yeah, your sweet little ass would make all kinds of money.” He raised his blade as he headed towards Castiel.
“Best burgers in town, Cas. It’s going to blow your mind.” He chuckled. “It’s going to knock your socks off, and make you cream your shorts.”
“Hey, Clarance, we got to go!” She swayed and regained her balance. She sat her drink on the table. “I called a ride for the others they were wasted. Anna is,” She pointed as the petite redhead walked towards them. “The only one who hasn’t drunk anything.”
He blinked. “And you got sent here for that? Good, God, Castiel, the least you could have done is gotten a blow job for your troubles.”
Dean nodded. He licked his lips before he spoke choosing his words carefully. “So your ex he… expected you to cook?”
Benny sighed. “It’s supposed to be a foot of snow. We’ve all already talked to Cas about staying with us and he refused even with all this snow.” He frowned and looked back to the kitchen. He kept his voice low so his words wouldn’t travel back. “He won’t even go to a homeless shelter.”
The group of them cleared off all of the snow from Family Business’s sidewalk as well as Bobby’s bookstore. It took them a long time despite there being so many of them.
“She knows… that Chuck made him do it. She said Chuck told her that after she agreed to become one.”
He nodded. “I went to talk to her. Since I am acting in God’s place again, I just asked her if she could send you to the Empty.”
“Oh, Cas,” She dropped the tray on the table with a thud and ran up to him. She put her arms around him holding him close. “It will be okay, son.”
They managed to get the car out of the park. Dean was grateful to be back on pavement. They drove on to Kroger which was packed with people. Dean swore again as he circled the parking lot at least two times in search of a parking spot. He finally found a place. The two of them headed into the store and Dean was happy they found a cart. They made it their way through a sea of people as Dean got all that he could. He got snacks and can foods in case of a power outage and he picked up fresh fruit and vegetables. He got deli meats, and even made sure he got stuff to make pizza. They were in and out of the store Dean wasn’t wasting anytime. They headed back to the car and snow started to fall. So far it was just flurrying but from the time it took them to get from Kroger to the car it had picked up some.
The two of them got in the shower together and washed up. They dried off and got dressed. They were heading towards the door when they heard Chuck call for them.
Dean put his notebook in his pocket. “Small town sheriffs don’t take too kindly to federal agents. I’ve run into it a few times.”
The group propped their shovels against the wall of the restaurant and headed in. “I’m going to start coffee.” Sam announced.
“I haven’t, but I did go bowling and it’s the same idea.” He winked. He opened the scorecard and wrote in pie. “Okay, you’re going to be pie, because I love some pie.”
Castiel let out a sigh. It had taken him some time to allow himself to be happy with Dean. He loved the human a lot and Dean loved him in return. It just took them some time to get to that point in their lives.
Castiel sniffed. He raised his head and rubbed his eyes. “I’m still sorry.” He sniffed. “I never wanted this to happen.”
“If you feel that strongly about it.” Dean said with a wink. He wasn’t going to fight with Castiel on it. His brain usually didn’t start firing until he had one cup of coffee; he probably would have set the kitchen on fire. “Don’t forget the bacon.”
The sheriff’s office was a small building that was attached to the town’s post office, which for some reason Dean found to be hilarious.
It hit Sam like a ton of bricks. He stared at Castiel his mouth going dry. “You think… you really think that it bothers me?”
He grimaced. He didn’t want to talk about it. It was like pouring salt on an open wound. He had thought he had buried all those memories years ago. It was hard seeing his father like that and knowing he was dying. The feeling that when he came home his dad wouldn’t be there when he walked into the back office at the restaurant it was his now not his dad’s.
Castiel sighed. Guess the universe wanted them together after all. He continued on his run his mind floating away to thoughts of dinner with Dean. He couldn’t wait.
She looked like she had a lot on her mind. Her dark eye-make-up a bit smeared her usually braids not as tight. She sniffed as she rubbed her face with the back of her hand. “I was… thinking about him.”
“Cassie was freaking out about you.” Gabriel teased. “He spent so much time up there with you feeding you soup and medicine.”
The blond woman looked up. She glared at him. This time he saw her name tag. Her name was Jo. “What now?”
Dean nodded. He looked like he had something else to say but left it alone. “Come on let’s see which cabin he got us.”
He shook his head. “No, I don’t… I don’t think I want that.” He looked at Dean. “Alfie… I told you he was always a brat. He… was a bit spoiled.” He chewed on his lower lip and Dean was worried he was going to split it. “He… me and him have been at odds before. He…” He looked at the ground. “He got it in his head that I do stuff for attention.” He shrugged. “There is so many of us you know, I guess we sometimes had moments when we felt like we had to compete for attention. I know I had my fair share.” He rubbed his arm. “I… had a few asshole moments as a teen.”
A chipper young woman in winter gear was standing there with a microphone. “As you can see Diana the snow hasn’t let up since it started.” The wind blew in the background almost muffling her voice. “Last we measured an hour ago it was at four inches now we are up to…” She stuck a ruler in the snow. “Eight inches. Folks this snow is collecting fast and it is heavy. Real heavy. It’s good snowball and snowman snow. City officials are recommending people stay at home and stay off the roads to let them have time to clean it up. As for when it’s stopping the snow looks to be continuing overnight and into the morning which is when we can see the foot of snow on the ground. After that, it will be cold but the sun will come out and help with melting which can lead to an icing threat. With the snow being as heavy as it is there is a chance for isolated power outages across the area. Just stay home, stay safe, and stay tuned to-“
Castiel sighed. “Why don’t we just stay here? It would save on money plus mom makes one hell of a breakfast.”
Castiel frowned at the beer bottle sitting on the table. He was tired. It was a long day, he had dealt with the Empty, fought demons, nearly died… he had a right to be tired. He sipped on the drink in front of him. He was determined to enjoy his beer then he was going to head to his room and sink into Netflix. He had a lot going on in his mind. He was worried about Jack, he was worried about fighting Chuck, he was worried about all of it but he was too tired to care at the moment. He heard footfalls heading towards him. He looked up to see Dean standing in the door. Though it wasn’t his Dean it was the other world Dean.
He sighed as he picked up his plate. He headed into the kitchen and stuck the pizza in the fridge. He chewed on his lip. Castiel was naked in his house. He felt a rush of hot blood going through his veins. The thought of him being naked in his home was doing all kinds of things to his hormones. “Stop it.” He mumbled to himself as he felt blood head southward in excitement. His mind was running wild with all sorts of thoughts and then it reminded him of the almost kiss. He groaned as started to run water in the sink. But seriously what was that? Was Castiel not into him? Or was he? Was he playing a game with him? His mind drifted back to Castiel as he washed the dishes. Castiel in his shower, soap running off, steamy and wet, he stored the image away in the back of his mind for later fantasies. He shook his head. So what if he couldn’t control his imagination? He was a healthy man with healthy fantasies. He decided to dry the plates and put them up. He turned around to get a towel when he was face to face with a bare-chested Castiel. “Whoa! Holy shit!” He shouted. He dropped the plate which hit the floor, wobbled and fell silent.
