Even if the coffee didn't do its job, he thought, he'd be awake and ready to go soon enough just by Sherlock's presence.
"Why don't, why don't you just do direct pay?" Jane asked, letting her body melt under Sherlock's hands.
"Apothecary," Sherlock replied, watching Jane take everything in, with the nagging feeling that she was missing something.
Sherlock started to giggle at that, face finally showing a bit more humanity. "You're speaking like an army man, vicar."
It wasn't what he'd been expecting, not  practiced and meant to entice. There was no drawn out dance of hips, no finger teasing the band of the pants. The man shucked his clothing and stood there looking about the room before he went to rummage through the desk drawer. John would have been embarrassed by such a sudden revelation of his stash of condoms and lube if not for the wicked smile the man gave at it.
He was shocked for a moment as the door swung open dramatically and the man in question loomed in front of him. He stood a bit straighter, affected by their height difference, and squared his shoulders. He was going to be stern. He was going to tell Sherlock that this was all more than a bit off, look at his foot and leave.
Sherlock stuck out his hand and then wiggled it until John took it in a firm shake. John was sure he'd just lost some sort of bet, but he couldn't be arsed to care.
As Greg spoke he kissed Mycroft neck and unbuttoned his shirt, tongue soothing where his teeth were too eager. Mycroft gripped Greg's waist and tried to remember to breathe, his first instinct to stay completely still so he could remember every touch.
Greg snorted and felt himself blush. He was trying to think of something clever to say in return when he felt Mycroft take a deep breath and turn to face him.
Sherlock chuckled and took the thing from his hands, tapping on the home screen several times and then handing it back over. John grinned at him and lay down again, shuffling close.
"Yeah, yeah," John agreed, burying himself in Sherlock over and over again. "I paid for balloons. I bought bloody banners, you great git. Right now, half the met is having a drink on MY TAB."
The cursor sat there, blinking back at him. He wasn't sure what he wanted to say. The story was good, it was actually good, and he wanted to know more about the characters. That was strange, because, though he was a voracious reader, he'd never been interested in fiction. He had thought, at the start of it, that he'd mostly be interested in the sex. That realisation had solidified, well, came, after he'd done so in the shower the next morning.
John was pulled from his thoughts as the lift door opened and Sherlock walked out. He jogged to catch up and then matched Sherlock's stride.
"Gorgeous. God, you are so bloody gorgeous," John said, reaching into the bedside table and pulling out several condoms and a small bottle of lube.
The sedan pulled away into traffic, a steady drizzle falling from the skies to mist the windows and play with the images of buildings as they passed, distorting them easily. Greg wanted to ask where they were going, but more than that, he wanted to pretend that he knew.
"I'm well aware," Sherlock said, leaning forward and resting his arms on the desk. He let his legs slip as far apart as he could manage with his trousers around his ankles and waited.
Sherlock grunted and unbuttoned John's trousers, undid his zip, and pulled them down to his thighs. He smiled, a bit lopsided as it was, as John's thick cock sprung free and seemed to grow thicker under his gaze.
"In order to know virtue, we must acquaint ourselves with vice. Only then can we know the true measure of a man," Sherlock replied, eyebrow raised.
Now, after reading the full four chapters, he was more interested in the relationship, in how sweetly, how gently, the doctor treated the nurse. It horrified him, the intensity of emotion that came with that last scene, with those soft moments and the imagined breeze pushing at the curtains. He wanted to be in that room so badly, wanted to be in that bed, in those arms.
"I want to know why in god's name you sat my brother with John Watson," Mycroft said, lifting his chin so he could manage to look down his nose in an even more hawkish fashion.
Sherlock hummed and leaned against the shower wall as John pulled his arsecheeks apart and let the spray from the shower head hit between them. He cleaned Sherlock thoroughly, taking time to inspect him for tenderness, and then scrubbed up his back before turning him around.
"Yes, I didn't know you two were..." Greg said, letting the sentence hang unfinished for one of the men to pick up.
"Have a good day," John said, watching him leave and then turning to Sherlock. "Let's go to the river."
Sherlock finally left the room when she had got her fill, and walked down to the shop to hurry through her list of projects. She had several spells to make up, and a great deal of thinking to do.
Yes, that must have been the last straw. John, high powered executive, couldn't be with someone so unprofessional. Perhaps the business trip wasn't even real, perhaps he was-
"More than satisfactory," Sherlock interrupted. "I expect we'll have to sneak away for quite a bit more of that in coming days."
Sherlock nodded and watched as John went to sit next to his wife. He saw the way her spine straightened and her jaw clenched, all of it matched in John's posture, and tried not to think about it. Instead, he made his way over and sat next to Sally, putting his napkin primly in his lap and looking at his plate.
Sherlock looked over at him and scrunched his nose up. When he sat up, crossing his legs and facing John for the first time that day, it was such a change that John's breath was taken away. John nodded, as if he needed to agree with himself, and Sherlock cocked his head to the side.
Sherlock crawled out of bed early to find John standing at the window. He walked over and looked down to the street, following his gaze.
Greg clicked his glass to John's with gusto and drank the dregs down with a wince. After signaling to the barmaid that he needed another, he looked over to John. "You gonna come on every case now?"
Greg grinned at him and stripped before climbing into the shower. Mycroft climbed in soon after and turned to bury his face against Greg's neck again. He breathed deeply and Greg rubbed his back.
Sherlock let the sounds of seagulls drown his brother out as he leafed through the twenty-odd pages of intel on the man he was not at all fraternizing with.
Sherlock sniffled, for effect, and splayed himself out on the chair. "Marry someone kind, John. For my sake."
The dental hygienist bent over and whispered to the receptionist. Dr Watson didn't usually do X-Rays himself. Doctor Watson only did X-Rays when he wanted to sleep with the patient. They agreed that this appointment would be an interesting one to watch.
"I'm afraid we don't have any books on lust," the man replied, chin raised. "Quite a few passages, though."
Greg gripped them again and moaned in relief as he set up a quick rhythm. Mycroft held him close and the next time they kissed it was hesitantly, both of them feeling a little off kilter even as they moved closer to orgasm.
John's shoulders tightened and he threw his head back. "Oh, for Christ's sake, Sherlock! You've got a run of the mill cold! You're behaving like a child!"
When Sherlock made it through the front door of his flat, still murderously embarrassed and angry, he found a small box waiting for him. Inside was a wrist brace. He really would have to shake his brother for breaking into the NHS computer system.
There was a porter at the door arguing about the situation when John pushed his way past. "I'm a doctor! Out of the way!"
"You know I'm not employed," John said, hoping that if the man was convinced he would bag a doctor the fact would end the whole charade.
"Well, that certainly wasn't the intent," John said, trying to show Sherlock with his eyes how true it was.
"What do you reckon had been your worst sin?" Sherlock asked, voice slightly muffled as he tucked his face behind his knees.
"Writers get busy," Molly soothed. "If they aren't professional writers, then they have whole professions to deal with as well. How long ago did you leave the comment?"
He flung his legs over one of the arms and glared at Molly, who for her part, was removing her bulky hearing protection and the earbuds she’d secured underneath. She sputtered as she tore off her gloves and goggles next, dropping them to her desk with huff.
"Oh. Yeah, Harry remembers her. A bit. Seems she didn't get on with my father," Jane replied. "Course, no one really did."
"But now you won't," Sherlock interrupted, turning fully and closing the space between them, "you won't find some woman to marry. You have to say that, even if it isn't true, because I can't-"
"Sandwiches," Sally said, the din of the room making it a conversation between just the two of them. "Three weeks of sandwiches for every meal, and bunking with that awful woman. I might just go mad."
The nightmare woke him again (Murray’s dead body covering his own. The shooter’s eyes as he drew sights on John. The sudden flurry of movement as his head-) and he was sitting up in his bed and panting.
"You can't control what others want to do," John said, leaning against the kitchen table. Sherlock stayed silent, so he pushed. Things like that were like pulling off a plaster; best done in one fell swoop. "Did you lie to him about the danger?" And he only asked it because he knew the answer already.
Sherlock ducked in, pretending to appraise the necklace, and spoke in a quiet but firm tone. "Your friend there was going to try to steal your necklace. Perhaps an arm around the neck, perhaps something requiring a bit more force. Either way, you'd best get away from him."
When they pulled up in front of Mycroft's building Greg forced himself to focus back on the present and follow Mycroft Up. The ride to the flat was painfully quiet and Greg wondered how awkward his own stupidity would make things.
"Oh, uh, sorry. It was the last of the pot. How about I make a new one? I'll get it to you in a minute," John replied.
Sherlock honestly didn't know what to say. Things had gone from so open and interesting to closed off. It was a business deal, he realised, and that wasn't what he wanted at all.
Sherlock thought about how unprofessional it was to call a client a mope, but reasoned that it was to be expected, as "Doc" wasn't really a doctor, and was definitely not a counselor. They made their way down a long path, dipping deeper into the woods, and Sherlock started to pull at his collar again.
"Sherlock, dear," she said, tidying the kitchen table as best she could without disturbing what he'd told her multiple times was an experiment on dust.
Mrs Hudson walked back over as he sat on the floor and gave him a quick peck to the crown of his head. He hummed and started in on his feast.
"I'm glad you didn't get hurt," John said, eyes on where his hands lay above the duvet. "Not sure if I would've have stopped at knocking the bloke unconscious if something had happened to you."
Sherlock shifted those hips; shift, slump, sigh, shift; and John was being pulled beneath the waves. His eyes rolled into the back of his head and the waves came faster.
Sherlock managed to holler for Lestrade, who had come to make sure the genius actually sought medical attention, and the DI was at John's side immediately and cuffing the suspect with actual metal cuffs, though he suspected the bandages might have held.
"You're going to be quiet for me now, aren't you? Be my gorgeous man, let me take you apart without anyone knowing. Do you need something to suck on? You rather liked my fingers."
Sherlock woke a shocking ten hours later feeling as though the night before was a dream. A dream or a hallucination. He had been working with chemicals earlier that were technically poisonous, after all, so it was an option.
"Toxoplasmosis," William said, pulling John from his hateful thoughts and pointing to the small stream a few yards away. "Ever seen a case of it?"
He looked at the ceiling for a while before looking back down at the small screen. His email had contained one sentence, and maybe it was just too much to ask. 'Tell me about yourself,' seemed like something you would say to a prospective date, he thought. In the next second he realised why it rang so true; he'd pretty much said the same thing that night to Sherlock.
Sherlock's nose scrunched up and she nodded once, not exactly the most attractive move, but one that had Jane almost missing the next sentence. "May I draw your attention to your previous statement?"
There was a long silence on the line before Sherlock sighed and then groaned. Even with the grainy video of the shop, Mycroft could tell he was put on speakerphone. He always hated being on speakerphone.
She was hilarious, in a way. Overwhelming. It wasn't what he had remembered, but he didn't really give a toss. She was...stunning.
Sherlock spun, tear-stained face twisting, and nearly crumpled to the floor. John took the few steps between them and held his face up.
The barmaid smiled at him as he sat on an empty stool in front of her. He nodded his good morning and glanced at the back wall. The bottle of amber stuff in the upper right corner seemed to wink at him when another patron walked through the door.
"How did you...no. No, I don't even care. I don't even-get out. Get bloody out," John growled, voice turning into a shout at the last two words.
John sat across the room, trading time between watching him snore softly and twitch in his sleep, and worked on his next sermon. With the windows open and a light breeze, it was the perfect spring afternoon. The thought definitely passed through his mind that he could spend every afternoon of his life like that and never tire of it.
So, when he rose from his bed that Sunday, sermon practiced and memorised, he was still thinking entirely of Sherlock. Lunacy. He'd met thirty people in the first week he'd been there and the only person he thought of when he went down to open the front door to the rectory was Sherlock. Thirty people, yet the only one he wanted to ask his housekeeper about was Sherlock. Thirty people, milling in and sitting in pews, and the only one he looked for was Sherlock.
"If there's a sofa," Jane said, defeated and thinking about how she didn't even have a bloody sofa to call her own, "you can have it."
When the mother said nothing, and averted his eyes, he dropped the bomb. "Did you know that Derrick made a teacher cry today?"
Below the window Sherlock sat stock still. Once again the man had surprised him. A jazz loving vicar. Who would have thought? He relaxed a bit and closed his eyes, head bobbing to the music.
"I have a feeling we'll be needing this as well," Sherlock said, pulling a pad of paper from one of the drawers. "So that you can tell me how very wrong I am about your beloved Bond."
"Gorgeous, beautiful boy," John said, pinching and flicking and driving Sherlock mad in his lap. "Mine."
The head of John's cock was thicker than two fingers, but Sherlock was relaxed and eager and somehow, it fit. John let out a funny, tight little sound and Sherlock looked up from where they met to grin at him, a dizzy sort of smile and deep flush making him look almost mad. John smiled back at him reassuringly, even as his mind was spinning and his body yelling at him to enter that tight heat fully, to grasp and push and claim.
Sherlock shook his head and took another step closer, the soft silk of his shirt pressing against the cotton of John's jacket. "That much."
When he made it home he pulled out his laptop, the phrase 'dusted off' coming to mind, and made himself some tea. It was easy enough to find a website that had templates for blogs and soon enough he was putting his picture in the right place and venting to absolutely no one. And, God, did it feel good.
"Tell me about the case," John said, hand slipping to where his cock was pressing against the thick material of his uniform. "Tell me how you solved it."
Bloody hell, he'd got himself into something deep, hadn't he? He knew that it wouldn't last, knew that when John finally figured out who he really was he would dismiss him, but this was even worse.
There was silence again and Sherlock held his breath. He wasn't sure what was pushing it, wasn't sure how much nagging John could take.
"And your...your writing is awful," John sputtered, wanting to turn the blade a bit as the man on the opposite end of the line was being so damn GENTLE. "You said you knew who the killer was because of the shoes, but you didn't say how. The how, Sherlock," he added, trying the name out on his tongue, "that's the interesting part. Without the how, it's just bloody bragging."
John nodded once and walked past Sherlock and into the house, the dog looking at his back and then up to Sherlock as if trying to convey some deep confusion.
He fiddled with the pin at accept and followed the string all the way to the best outcome. There, on a small piece of paper, he'd written 'John doesn't care that you lied. You're brilliant. He wants to meet you.'
"It's an utterly useless story," he grumbled, crossing his legs under himself and settling in on the sofa. "What on earth would I do with more chapters?"
Sherlock jumped to his feet and followed John to the door, eyebrows knit with worry. "But you'll be back," he said, uncertain.
The rest of the afternoon was spent with less challenge and much more comfortable quiet. John read up on his next sermon and wrote his lesson plan for the bible study group later that week. The whole while Sherlock walked back and forth, picking up book after book and leaving them in a pile in the middle of the room like a strange bird.
John huffed out a breath and went back to the cutlery. "You want to hear about that? Am I so obviously damaged?" He said it as if it were meant as a joke, but there was something about his mouth that said otherwise, that damn mouth.
"I'll, uh, I'll move Watson tomorrow," Greg said, picking up his pyjama trousers and wiping himself off.
Sherlock tried to smile smugly and chew at the same time and didn't quite succeed. He mumbled something and, when it wasn't understood, took John's tea from him and choked it all down.
"I'm not writing about James, and it's really not on that you looked him up," John said, going to lean against the far wall.
"If you'll settle down, we can begin our discussion on what led you to make the terrible decision of signing up for my course," she said, sitting on the edge of her desk so that her stiletto heels nearly brushed the front of Jane's desk when she crossed her legs. "Dr Watson. Why don't you start?"
He whistled to Merrick and mounted the bike, taking off along the path to town and trying his best to look, if not happy, then, at peace. Merrick trotted beside him, the young foxhound he'd taken in to ease some of the worst loneliness, sniffing the air and easily keeping pace.
Jane gave a curt nod and then started to laugh. She couldn’t help herself, it had just felt so bloody good.
"I changed the name on the street sign so you wouldn't find it," Sherlock said calmly, and then, while Jane was gawping like a bloody fish, "well, not you-you, but the you I thought you would be. The man, as I said."
Sherlock grinned, and then moaned when he pressed himself down to rub against John's stomach. John was still writhing with his release, but had the sense to wrap Sherlock in his arms and encourage the action.
“-and he said,” Jane spat, half empty pint glass sloshing in her hand, “he said I was almost as beautiful as his mum!”
"You'd rather be in surgery," he said, hands clasped around a clipboard and watching John carefully.
"You were making a note of it in your phone earlier. 'Tell Harry he can have the sofa.' At the morgue," Sherlock explained.
John nodded and went to watch Sherlock from the hall. A sweet boy, she'd said. John thought that, yes, he was sweet, in his way. Sweet in the fields, soft as he lay looking at the sky, gentle in the way he spoke about the natural world. And yes, he admitted to himself, he could use a pint, because he was falling in love with him. Damn.
John finally looked him in the eye. He was...an arsehole. Yes, pretty, fine, but an arsehole. He got a sneer for his appraisal and John pulled the plastic chair out with a loud scrape.
"Have a seat," John said, sitting down as well and crossing his legs. "The plan I'm drawing up will get us on our way to what I believe is the best outcome. A root canal seems to be in the cards for you, I'm afraid. I'll make it as painless as possible."
"I'd follow you anywhere," John replied, smiling and shaking his head as if even he couldn't believe it.
I suppose that's a bit forward, putting you in that position. I shouldn't have to need you. I should be fine on my own. I feel a coward and a failure for needing you so much, but you're stuck with it.
"So it was obvious who had done it," Sherlock said, slurring a bit now as sleep and champagne played keep away with his diction.
If there was a jump in his stomach, he thought, it was in anticipation of heading up to Mike’s office to abscond with another prescription pad. That must have been it.
Mrs H took pity on him and changed the subject a bit. "But he did like to get information from home. Local news and the like. Being far away from home is difficult for everyone, I'm afraid. You should head down to the PO and pick up some blueys to write him back."
Sherlock hummed and curled up against John, and John sighed happily and held him again, thrusting gently through the aftershocks.
He made it home after Mycroft and found him in the kitchen cooking. He left his coat by the door and changed into his pyjamas before joining Mycroft in the kitchen.
Before he could do anything Sherlock had jogged down the stairs and out to where John was sitting. John stared up at him, the grief he hadn't felt in so long swirling around his head and making him sick.
"I'm heading out," John said, stirring Sherlock from his thoughts. "I suppose I'll see you tomorrow."
She frowned but nodded and watched him leave. When he moved next to John and rested a hand on his lower back she secretly took a photo on her mobile, smiling to herself.
"Oh, want to skip to the best part, then? Fine with me. You hit the man upside the head, managing to get out of there without a lick of paperwork, and came home to me."
The line clicked and Jane called the solicitor to set up a meeting. She was surprised to find out she would be able to see the flat that day, and move in the next, if she liked. She rang off and pulled on her shooting jacket and her shoes, looking back at the desk and closing the laptop.
It only took a few more minutes of mindless thrusting for Greg to come, Mycroft lasting only seconds longer. Greg leaned over the edge of the bed and grabbed a discarded vest off the floor. He cleaned himself off and then folded it and passed it over, laying back on the bed with a meaningful space between them.
"Take the risk. Bend some rules," Sherlock whispered, the act falling and his pulse racing. "Come on, Doctor Watson, live a little."
“I’m surrounded by mediocre men who think they’re god’s gift to writing, I have to be confident.  If I refused to ask for exactly what I wanted, I would still be in the mail room of the local paper,” Sherlock replied, hiding her insecurities in false bravado.
Sherlock sighed something that may, under that particular circumstance, have sounded like 'sorry', and walked out the door.
The worst part was that when he did speak he was strangely insightful and sort of brilliant. It's frustrating. I think he may be mad. He was arrogant and rude and a bit too posh for my liking and looks about 12 and, yes, I'm sure now that he's mad but what's really got me up a wall is that after all that he was still strangely likeable.
It was already half past ten by the time Sherlock and John were out of the shower and dressed. Lestrade had left multiple texts on Sherlock's mobile to remind him that they very much needed to attend the last briefing that morning, and then, after the briefing was long past, that they both had paperwork that needed to be signed.
He never found out what made the hospital turn on the child protection on their wifi, just opened his laptop one day to find his bookmarked sites blocked. He would have been horrified if he found out that it was his own overuse that did it, but that was pure speculation. Speculation and anxiety on his part, because, seriously, each time a new doctor or nurse came in he was sure they could see his porn preference tattooed on his forehead (keyword: Gay, keyword: Loving, keyword: Boyfriends).
Sherlock was just as meticulous with oral hygiene as he was with the rest of his body. He flossed twice a day and brushed in small circles exactly as his dentist had suggested. That was why, when the dentist told him there was slight reabsorption below the surface on one of his teeth he snorted and told her to take another X-Ray. When she did and there was still a dark spot below the gum he slumped into his seat as she explained he would have to see a specialist.
Sherlock said it all so confidently that Jane was struck silent. Instead of telling the woman to fuck right off, she just sat there.
Sherlock's eyes closed then and they breathed in unison. When Sherlock finally opened his eyes a few silent moments later they shot wide.
He breathed deeply and tried again. DoctorJohn was there, smiling down at him, brushing a hand through his hair and breathing easily. Relaxed. It was soft, not rushed.
And then he was awake. Awake and wondering if his sister had managed to get herself killed at last. “Come again?!”
"I told you he was brilliant," Greg conceded. "He's been looking for the man nonstop for days now. Don't even know if he's slept."
John looked down, letting Sherlock know that he had, and the room was illuminated. Sherlock went back to his bed and sat facing John. Everything in his being seemed to exude pain. His shoulders slumped in defeat, his brow furrowed, his hands clasped loosely in his lap, his socked feet.
It was a fair question, after all, even though she left off the word gay. The way she said it, Sherlock knew it wasn't meant as an insult. She was incompetent and didn't like Sherlock, but she wasn't homophobic.
She went to the bookcase in the sitting room, tossing books over her shoulder, to Mr Hudson's dismay, until she found the one she needed.
"Christ, bloody hell, that's perfect," John cursed, grunting himself and breathing heavily into the receiver.
Across town, John looked at his mobile and suppressed a smile. On the glowing screen, his words, along with someone else's, stared up at him.
John was doing his tie up and muttering to himself whilst Sherlock lay back on the sofa and tapped away at his mobile. Downstairs they could hear Mrs Hudson banging about, making her usual Christmas cookies, the ones with the jam in the middle. It was domestic bliss.
Sherlock's joined him at the desk and snorted at it. "You know as well as I that one doesn't catch anything from being cold for such a short amount of time."
Mycroft choked on his own saliva and whimpered as Greg took him between his lips and sucked. It was overwhelming, Greg's tongue pushing and prodding at his foreskin before laving at the slit. Greg was ridiculously confident in his ability to suck a bloke off and that had frightened Mycroft in the beginning. Not because he wanted Greg to be a virgin, but because he himself wasn't nearly as confident, no matter how public school he was.
"You've been nearly pleasant these last few months. You've barely yelled at my team once. So, when you barge into my office in a frenzy and shout at me, I have to assume something is wrong," Lestrade explained.
"Go ahead," John said, face pressed to Sherlock's chest as he snapped his hips. "Go ahead, gorgeous."
Sherlock huffed, but followed the order, and John grabbed some things from the kitchen. He would be hungry soon, even if Sherlock wasn't.
John shook his head. "You're pushy, if that's what you mean. Besides, everyone is strange in one way or another."
John nodded towards the far trees. "Took off like a rocket. He'll be at the water already, I'd bet."
"Good. Yes, good," Sherlock said, eyebrows knit as he nodded. "Because I've never been loved before, and I wasn't sure that it would last past nightfall. The thrill of it being gone, and such."
"I'm sure you handled it well," Mycroft said, taking a bite of his salad and sitting back in his seat, socked feet settling between Greg's.
Sherlock attempted to take the thumb between his lips and did so quite clumsily, groaning in disappointment at himself and making John grin.
John poked him in the side and rinsed his mouth. "That sounds like a complaint. Strange, coming from the man who preens at every look."
John huffed and reached around to take Sherlock's prick in his fist, kissing Sherlock's neck sloppily and burying himself deep with every thrust. It was just enough, the pressure and the slick show of affection, to send Sherlock over the edge. He came and slumped against the desk fully, waiting for John to find his own end.
An hour later Sherlock's limbs were loose and a grin wouldn't leave his face. John was feeling very nice as well, and had got up twice to push their chairs closer together, the last time making it so that he literally had to climb over Sherlock's lanky thighs to get back into the chair. Their knees were pressed together and Sherlock was touching his mouth ridiculously often, and John felt that maybe honesty could actually be achieved between two men.
"I see," John said, moved by the words and how intent the speech had been. The unknowable Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock sank down onto his bed. He obviously couldn't say that he was upset because they hadn't found any sign of any illicit behavior. He simply sat, his eyes adjusting.
I'd like to give a shout out to Tumblr's amazing alexxphoenix42. They sent me all kinds of wonderful femslash stories when I was worried about what to do with the sexy bits to come. WHEN THAT SEXY STUFF COMES, IT'S ALL BECAUSE OF THEM!
John looked down at his side, somehow just then noticing that Merrick had stayed behind with Sherlock. "Yes, well, when there's a choice between me and the madman, he doesn't pick me."
"With all due respect, sir," John said, filling it with as much vitriol as was humanly possible, "you're obviously not here in a professional capacity. When you feel like acting as my boss, instead of a jealous thirteen-year-old, let me know. Until then, I'll leave you two to bicker."
John choked out a laugh and reached out, hand stopping just short of Sherlock's shoulder. He had to remember what could be seen from the street. It was best not to arouse suspicion from soon to be neighbors and he knew that even a simple touch from him would be obvious to some.
The house didn't look particularly haunted; there were no dead plants or things peeking out through the empty windows. Sherlock sat on his luggage at the kerb and frowned. One of his flatmates, the ginger one, knocked into him and nearly sent him sprawling to the ground. Sherlock caught himself at the last second and turned to scowl at the man. Bespectacled and scrawny, he gave a small apologetic nod and scooted out of the way, dragging his box of bits behind him towards the house.
"Well, now you've gone and put me off work for the whole day. What do you say we take an early lunch?" John asked, slipping his other hand around Sherlock's waist.
"Well, now you do. I take it you'll speak to him about his harsh criticism of his teachers in front of his peers. Perhaps he'll learn from that." Sherlock said, standing and making to leave.
Sherlock swallowed, not sure whether to admit that it was true. The whole case had been a three at best before he realised it was a murder. Greg had only showed up because Sherlock had begged him for a case for three whole days, and then, then he knew he wasn't even really needed. But John, John needed the case. Was he wrong to give him that, was-
John licked his lips and rested his hand on Sherlock's upper thigh, thumb rubbing in circles. "And you showed up at my place of business after scouring the internet for information about me. You couldn't wait for tonight. You pulled the bloody lever in the lift."
He wondered then if John would be angry if he'd been some other woman, if the medicine would go down a little smoother that way. His fear was that it would, that the thing that would break this would be his gender.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he looked out the window. He had hoped that John hadn't thought too critically about his side of the story. The move to the Valentine's Day suite had helped that along, but apparently it hadn't stuck.
"It's alright, really, it is," John soothed. "Gave you the chance to see one of my many unattractive qualities."
When they were finally in their pyjamas and sitting on the other bed, John looked him in the eye and refused to look away.
"Idiots! The whole lot of them," Sherlock grumbled, stuffing his mobile back in his pocket and crossing his arms.
There had been one man that had been different, but he'd found his soulmate just as soon as she realised what they could have together.
Greg woke first the next morning, his silent alarm buzzing next to him on the bed. He brushed his hand across Mycroft's back before he even realised what was going on. When he did his chest seemed to constrict and he grinned like a madman. He let his hand linger on Mycroft's skin for a moment before carefully extricating himself and turning his alarm off on the way to the loo.
He envied the man for that last bit alone. He'd never felt particularly in control, never once in his life. He felt even less in control when he came across a photo of James sitting with his men. He must not have known the photo was being taken because, and something fluttered in Sherlock's stomach at it, he was smiling. Soft, and uninhibited, James was smiling.
William poured the tea and sat on the counter, long legs dangling off the edge, toes touching the ground. John placed the milk on the counter next to William and hopped up as well. He was much less acrobatic, and much less tall, and it ended up including a strange grunt, but he was there.
The burns were still there from the war but the tightness around James's eyes had disappeared. He smiled softly and John wondered how it was that he'd never met this man on the battlefield. And then, he supposed, there was the answer. The battlefield was what brought that tightness, that downward turn of the lip. Somehow James had figured out how to leave it behind.
"No," John said, running his thumb across Sherlock's wrist, feeling the fevered skin where it was so very soft.
Sherlock swallowed hard and willed himself to sleep, this little exercise bringing up feelings too fragile to easily turn into imagined seduction.
Sherlock went to the edge of the building where John sat on a bench in the dark and sidled up to him. He sat with a huff and crossed his arms against the cold.
They'd got a bit wine drunk during dinner, John grinning like a madman as Sherlock explained what he did for a living. He was beyond interesting, he was so much more than anyone John had ever met. John hadn't forgot what it was like to be in Sherlock's presence, because like a natural disaster, you never quite forget, but having it wash over him again was a shock.
"Mmm," John agreed against his mouth, licking into it and moaning before pulling away again. "Christ, you even taste like vanilla! How do you do that?"
"But you'll pay me," John pressed, because it sounded much too good to be true, and he'd lived a life that had proven how badly those situations could turn.
John reached for his suitcase and pulled out the small jar of mineral oil that had become their most reliable tool, opening it and holding his breath as Sherlock's mouth fell open and his hips rolled on their own. He dipped his fingers into the stuff, up to the first knuckle, and reached between Sherlock's legs to rub at his arsehole.
Mycroft was long, but not particularly thick, and Greg had always wondered at how easy it was to prepare himself for him. When Mycroft did it the man spent too much time watching his fingers disappear into Greg's arse and Greg had to shout at him to move it along. There were perhaps three times, on the rarest mornings, that Greg had let him do as he pleased and ended up coming all over the sheets before Mycroft had even entered him. It never seemed to worry the man to have to finish in his own hand, as it gave him the opportunity to paint Greg's back with his come, but this time even Mycroft was eager to be buried in him.
Jane opened it and smelled it, letting her eyes slide closed, and Sherlock watched as her eyelashes fluttered. It was, for a moment, as if she were dreaming.
She'd let him have the jacket and he reckoned he looked rather good in it. It fit nicely and when he pulled the collar up he felt proper civilian. He wanted to feel that way on his first trip into town, wanted people to meet him before all the assumptions that came along with his position.
The fact that Lestrade let them leave after seeing how John had manhandled the suspect into a wall and nearly broken his arm was almost unbelievable. John's body was thrumming with adrenalin, at his actions and the knowledge that his pistol was tucked beneath his jacket and digging into his waist, so he was more than glad when Sherlock suggested they walk home.
She grinned at him and swept a wet cloth over the surface. They both frowned at how close to blackened it was when it came away.
Jane's heart swelled at that. What a strange woman. "Do people often climb from your windows  mid-conversation?"
John looked up, sad, but smiling softly. "Wasn't my fault? That's what you were going to say, right?"
John stiffened and then turned, giving Sherlock the impression that he wasn't fond of the idea. He gripped Sherlock's chin and made him look up from the floor.
The phone in the vicarage rang just as John was about to leave. Mrs Hudson got to it first and answered, eyes going wide before holding the receiver to her chest to muffle the sound.
Sherlock pulled at his sensitive prick at that before pulling his hand out and looking at it somewhat suspiciously. John huffed out a laugh and rested against the wall.
"John Watson!" Greg shouted as he walked into the room. "You're a bloody genius! Head office is going to kick my arse for not clearing this blog thing with them first but, by God, the publicity alone will be enough to make up for it! Do you know how many people are waiting out front to meet your mystery seat mate? Fifteen! Fifteen people here just for this room! That's three times how many were here all day yesterday!"
The man stopped walking and for a brief moment John worried he'd offended him, then the man smiled. It was a beautiful thing, slightly lopsided and showing a bit too much of his teeth and completely changing his face. He wasn't handsome, he was glorious. Otherworldly. Captivating...and walking away.
"This whole time I felt like I was cheating on you, the you that wrote me," John whispered, running his hands gently along Sherlock's sides.
Greg rolled his eyes and moved over on the sofa to give Mycroft room if he deigned to sit. "Well, I couldn't stick him with Newberry and watch him pitch a fit when no one gave him a second look, now could I? Watson is at the bottom of the selling list along with your charming brother so they're sat together. I could've told you all this over the phone. Not like you've left me alone for more than a bloody half hour all day."
"You're putting all those back," John said near the end of the afternoon, without looking up from his papers.
It was something to pass the time, something he started whilst in hospital all those weeks with nothing to do and nothing to hope for. Strange how much his writing had changed, how he'd moved from flirting characters to hard core pornographic stories so quickly. He supposed it was due to the response.
When John tucked the condom next to him, Sherlock poured lube into his hands and knelt up so that John could prepare him. Sherlock sighed happily as the first finger slid home and finally broke the intense stare he'd had percolating to let his head roll back. The preparation went slowly, giving John ample time to talk his body into one last go. John teased his fingers in and out until Sherlock tugged on his hair.
The man looked close to passing out, eyes flicking this way and that and a sheen of sweat on his brow noting more than the weather. "Do-do I know you?" he sputtered.
John rubbed his thumb in slow circles on Sherlock's neck and took another step closer, now having to look up to stare into Sherlock's eyes. "So warm."
“I hate you. I just want you to know that I hate you before I say this: that was the LAST time. I’m not in the service anymore and there is nothing you could make me do to-“
Mycroft rested his upper body against the shower wall, face against the cool marble, and rolled his hips as Greg soaped up his inner thighs and then his prick. He pressed his thighs together tightly and moaned when Greg guided his cock between them and gripped his hips. Greg pulled back and then thrust forward, groaning as his cock slipped into the tight channel created by Mycroft's thighs, before reaching around to take the man's prick in his hand.
"Sherlock, you had such potential. You can't possibly go on like this. You've the mind of a scientist, and yet you spend your day with children." Mycroft said the last word with such disgust that one would have thought it a synonym for leeches.
Greg sucked roughly and pressed down, Mycroft's auburn pubic hair tickling his nose, as the head of Mycroft's prick butted up against the opening to his throat.  He swallowed and suppressed his gag reflex and savoured the fact that Mycroft would soon be falling apart.
Sherlock smiled and leaned in on his elbows, batting his eyelashes and feeling ridiculous. "Surely, there must be some family and friend's rule."
"Nothing," the man said, turning in a circle and plucking a flower to tease Merrick with, "and everything."
He loved criminal justice, loved cases and all the questions they held. He loved figuring it all out and being able to use not only his mind, but his body to find and subdue the wicked.
"The, uh, the newspaper spelled my name wrong," John said, as he looked over the first of the clippings.
Arrangement was surely a more honest word than friendship, as Greg was adversarial at best around him. It wasn't as if he had no reason to be; Mycroft wouldn't stop being so bloody MI6 about everything. Greg was smart to be concerned, and that just made Mycroft more intent on him.
Dinner got easier as the vino flowed, and by the time they were walking through the door of the hotel room, both men were keyed up. Sherlock was shown to a bed covered in white clothing boxes and John stood back, small smile on his lips.
"My approach to life is rebellion," Sherlock explained. "My acceptance of the cruelty of life. My unwillingness to turn away from it. My need to bring it to light."
Sherlock leaned in, water dripping from his hair, and kissed John roughly. They stayed like that, kissing and holding each other, for a long while. When they'd finally cleaned off and got back into their pyjamas, John was feeling a lot less tense.
He picked up the pace, feeling the first few drops of rain and cursing at how this always seemed to happen, just as a dark sedan pulled to the kerb beside him and a door opened to block his way. He was in the middle of stuttering out a curse when he caught sight of the woman sitting in the back.
“Answer me!” Sherlock demanded, amazed at his racing heartbeat, the layer of sweat on his upper lip, the ringing in his-
Sherlock had barely even showered by half six when Mrs Hudson broke through his door again, brandishing a battered envelope. Sherlock stood, mouth hanging open, as she came closer. She shook it in his face and grinned.
Sally nodded again as they came up on the first cabin. They were situated in a densely treed area, each cabin the exact same box, with the exact same window coverings. They looked to go on for quite a while, if you glanced left, before the trees broke back in. The trees were thick with foliage and blocked out almost all of the dying light.
Greg hummed and nodded, getting from his seat and stepping around the table to settle in Mycroft's lap. He ran his fingers through Mycroft's hair until the man let his head fall back and closed his eyes, then pushed his braces down his shoulders and started to unbutton his shirt.
The comfortable feeling of being held in John´s arm shifted to oppressive and suffocating. Was getting tainted with the onset of his nerves and feeling on edge.
Delighted, John clapped his hands. “Brilliant. Now shove your lazy arse into the shower and get the water running. I´ll fetch fresh towels and when I
“Because I slept in his bed,” Sherlock deadpanned, ignoring Chris. He took the kettle and poured the steaming water over the tea bags. Leaving “and slept with John as well” unsaid again.
The couple on stage did nothing like that. Too obvious, Sherlock would have claimed, like poking one in the eye with the forefinger while yelling “Look, here´s the sex act. I´m having coitus with the long metal penis.”
Sherlock, unused to such loving endearments, heard a soft moan escaping his lungs. His cock twitched eagerly. It was… good.
Anderson was not afraid of levelling himself down onto the mental capacity of a pre-school child in that he always made his mobile play the first chords of Joe Cocker´s famous song “You can leave your hat on” when Sherlock was around.
“Like that, don´t you?” John whispered into Sherlock´s ear, sending hot shivers along his spine. When had John slid upwards to,
John instead was a good person. Decent and genuine. He had cared about him last night. John had fucked him really good, after Sherlock had riled him up like hell. He had actually goaded John into having sex with him but nonetheless, John had asked if he had been able to truly consent after seeing the track marks which marred the delicate skin of his forearms.
Which had been doubly ungrateful on Chris´ behalf because firstly, he had very much enjoyed Sherlock´s mouth spewing salacious innuendo and secondly, had even more enjoyed this dirty mouth sucking his cock until it was hard enough to be put up Sherlock´s arse.
John ducked through below Sherlock´s leg, leant his back against the pole and grabbed it both-handed above his head. With an enormous effort John pulled his body upwards in a deadlift until his body formed a perfect 90° angle to the pole and was parallel to the ground. He turned his head to look at the gaping audience and winked.
Sherlock, still held up in the air by John, leant forward and grabbed the pole double-handed. John pushed him into a spin and stepped aside. Sherlock´s lean body made four fast full rotations. He made his torso execute a complicated sequence of movements which let him change position from head up to head down and back again, having to change his grip on the pole often all the while upholding a full side-split with his sinewy legs.
Sherlock had just wanted to be fucked into oblivion in order to forget Chris who had unceremoniously but not unexpectedly kicked him out of the bed they had shared only some minutes ago. But John had wanted him to stay. And now he found himself still lingering here under the shower, waiting for John to join him and finally notice what kind of person he had invited to stay in his home.
She unabashedly nodded and plainly told John “A little retaliation for all the holes you shot into my poor wall. That´s been bugging me for some time now.”
Instead, he had just so managed to pull on his discarded clothes, cursing when his foot got caught in one of the numerous holes of the ripped black jeans. He stumbled out of Chris´ room into the hallway which connected the rooms of the shared flat. Sherlock vaguely remembered that apart from Chris two other students lived here. He brazenly opened an adjoining door and found the room behind unoccupied. There was a freshly made bed inside, smelling of fabric softener and with meticulously folded blankets.
“You´ll only orgasm if you make me come first and,” tugging curls once more and squeezing Sherlock´s cock, John continued, “you
Sherlock flinched and hesitated to answer for such a long time that John already feared he had overstepped and pressed too hard. That Sherlock would close up, retreat and completely stop talking about his drug issue.
John had also insisted that Sherlock stayed after sex when he had begun to gather his clothes once more and tried to leave the room. Sherlock had not wanted to hear the unavoidable dismissal coming out of John´s mouth. But John had surprised him, once again, with stating that he really wanted to wake up beside him. Even after Sherlock told John that he was a just a horny addict, using sex to distract himself and being much more obnoxious when he was sober.
Time stood still for a moment. While Sherlock grunted, John screamed bloody murder at the culprit and nearly shot him into the head.
Chris frowned, visibly trying hard to think and failing. “You´re half naked. Why do you only wear those tattered jeans?”
“Nah, no need. I´ve already seen all there is to see.” Then Chris´ eyes were taking on a round shape when another thought wormed itself into his addled brain. “Why do you smell of John´s washing powder?”
The rumbling baritone voice sent a tingling bolt of arousal right into John´s brain. He moaned and reciprocated with pressing himself firmer against Sherlock´s cock, trapping his hand between their bellies. Sherlock´s hands came around and grabbed John´s behind. His long fingers were easily able to cup the taut flesh and pull apart the arse cheeks. One hand moved on and the tip of Sherlock´s index finger ventured boldly forward to find an already relaxed and pliant ring muscle. He let his blunt fingernail linger on the verge of John´s hole, not yet inside but also not fully out. He applied feathery soft touches, making the muscle ripple in shivering constrictions and making John gasp with lusting for being entered.
, could that lanky git Holmes do a graceful ballet-like spin in this orthopaedic abhorrence of footwear without breaking an ankle?
He also felt the familiar soreness of a thoroughly fucked arse. The sex had been good, obviously. The slight burn indicated his hole had been worked relentlessly and stretched without mercy. Just like he loved it.
“Oh, great idea, and costumed as a famous movie couple!” Sally completed. “But I guess you wouldn´t dare, Freak.” She glowered at Sherlock again.
“That´s so you, Freak, to sneak upon us only to be able to humiliate us!” She fumed and threw a death glare at Sherlock. “What a cheap trick to
If they kept on seeing each other and John had no doubt that he himself really wanted to date Sherlock more and get to know him better, befriending him at least and maybe, hopefully, starting a relationship with him. John realized that he was just one step away from falling for Sherlock, hard. Dear God, he had only met him half a day before! Anyway, John would try his best to make Sherlock see reason to quit his drug habit and to…
Sherlock also recalled how he had literally been shoved out of the messy bed after Chris had finished buggering him. Shouting something along the lines “Now piss off you punk and leave me alone with your dirty mouth”.
The first chords of U2´s famous song “One” set in and Sherlock stalked on clicking heels to his starting position. He sat down, pulled his knees up and leant back, resting the weight of his upper body on his hands which supported him behind his back. He froze in this M-like shape, facing the pole.
much. Admitting to suffer from withdrawal symptoms irrevocably revealed to John, a medical student nonetheless, how much of a junkie he truly was. Sherlock ducked his head and hunched his shoulders.
The gravelly cadence in John´s voice and that relentless expression on John´s face and the musky scent of John´s body threatened to drive Sherlock mad with desire. He wanted to scream, unable to withstand the temptation of giving in, to submit, to acknowledge John´s predominance.  Dying right now seemed to be the only possible way to get out of the inhuman tension John was building up so effortlessly.
So, over the next weeks after their first encounter the Yarders had come up with the bet to guess if and when John and Sherlock would become a couple. The pool seemed to be quite high because nearly everyone was participating right now.
“Is that news to you?” Feeling safer now that there were no physical repercussions coming at him to be afraid of, Sherlock felt emboldened and quickly regained his aloof manner.
John blushed at the title given, “Why Captain?” He asked, already liking the sound of it very much. Far too much.
When Sherlock and John realized that there was not only no lethal wound but also no injury at all, several things happened at the same time.
“You want my cock?” John hummed when Sherlock nodded and replied in that fucking sexy dangerous voice again. “Why should I facilitate your lazy arse?”
“Fuck you!” Chris shouted and his face had become an unhealthy red colour. A vein pulsed at his forehead.
A delicate smile tugged Sherlock´s mouth upwards when he contemplated the truly baffling fact that John still had wanted him around, had in fact been glad about his lingering presence. After all of the attitude he had shown, his unabashed sluttiness and wanton lust John had still not become sick of him and kicked him out.
Meaning that they had be not been secretly kissing at crime scenes. No secret cuddling in presence of the officers. No arse-groping (which both liked very much because their partner would always squeal undignified when being surprised) while on the premises of New Scotland Yard. No physical contact whatsoever at all.
Some days later at the Yard´s cafeteria he overheard Sally making fun of how that “bumbling beanpole” and the “flabby toy soldier” would fail to dance and utterly embarrass themselves.
The sound of Sherlock´s head hitting repeatedly and forcefully against the shower wall made John take in a breath of concern and let him fell straight out his reverie. What was Sherlock doing? John´s protective instincts set in forcefully, giving his presence away with a concerned cry.
Chuckling, both men turned to sip their tea. John watched Sherlock blowing onto the steaming liquid and finding himself longing to bite these sensual delicious lips which moved to pucker so sinfully. Sherlock for once was totally oblivious to the scrutiny he was under. John was marvelling in the pale glow of the skin which contrasted beautifully against the reddish tint these lips had taken on when touching the hot liquid.
Which firstly made John feel truly insulted and secondly turned him into a highly dedicated pole dancing pupil. He´d rather pull a tendon with training every day before giving Sally a reason to say “I knew it”. Toy soldier! The fuck! He´d bloody invaded Afghanistan. He´d show her flabby. He´d show her how well he could dance. He´d show her his already well-formed muscles, too.
“You´re succeeding… oomph,” Sherlock´s try at a cheeky comeback fell a bit, or maybe rather completely flat because John bit his earlobe with just the right amount of pressure to hurt sweetly.
On stage, Sherlock grabbed the pole again and finally stopped spreading his legs. He closed his knees around the pole and gracefully slid down in a Fireman´s Spin, coming to a halt on his high heels beside the pole, breathing hard.
A kind face with a peaceful expression, mouth slightly opened to exhale warm puffs against Sherlock´s skin. Smiling the dopey half-smile of a person being quietly happy. Completely unaware of being watched and utterly relaxed. Strong nicely toned arms and shoulders without the useless amassed muscle of a true gym rat. Beautiful. The man was beautiful. Sherlock wondered what colour his eyes had.
John buried his nose in Sherlock´s belly and mumbled sleepily under his breath. He was definitely waking up now. Anxiety replaced the guilt. Sherlock closed his eyes and took in a deep breath, trying to calm down and bracing himself for the upcoming rejection. He startled badly when he opened his eyes again only to find John´s blue irises focusing directly onto his own.
“My turn to get you all hot and bothered,” John whispered into Sherlock´s ear who suddenly shivered, feeling breathless already and aching for more. Much more.
“Look at me,” John growled, seeing how Sherlock had temporarily zoned out and making him nod eagerly in return, “and listen closely,” changing the nods to slightly desperate.
Two days after the Christmas Party a video named “Power and Grace. First ever pole dance of male couple” trended on YouTube. John instantly suspected Sally Donovan to be the one who had uploaded this. Sherlock simply scoffed when John mentioned his suspicion. After one disinterested and half-arsed look at the screen he deduced that their landlady had been the culprit.
And a famous duo: Polina Volchek and Dimitry Politov, ultimately beautiful and totally in snych with each other:
Which had reminded Sherlock of a cat bringing a captured mouse to its owner as a sort of love gift. Sherlock liked dead bodies, so it had been a perfect present. The dating had quickly evolved into a relationship which also quickly included all kinds of sexual acts and resulted in John and Sherlock falling deeply in love with each other. Both were really happy.
John also realized that he did very much like the feeling of the wings´ straps against his torso. Resulting in John amassing an impressive collection of leather harnesses adorned with various knick-knacks like metal rings, chains or studs. Sherlock did mind a lot. He always chose for John to wear a piece matching his bodice.
John had cradled Sherlock´s face in his hands, kneeling above him and emitting cooing noises while Sherlock looked wide-eyed and scared up at John, grabbing John´s shoulders respectively.
A big headline ballyhooed an “Unforgettable Once-In-A-Lifetime” performance of the new shooting star of pole dancing called “The Conceding Defeatist”. John was uncertain if he should feel relieved for being spared in this picture or if he should feel insulted for being ignored.
Called out, Sherlock snapped out of his own pensive state, feeling actually bad and ashamed of his drug habit. That was a first. Heat was rising in his cheekbones and Sherlock knew he was blushing on top of it all to make his current humiliation complete.
“Oh, is being compelled to do household chores comprised in,” Sherlock made air qoutes, “waking up beside you? Maybe I´d better reconsider.”
Not that he would remain sober for a long time anyway but Sherlock had found out that sex, lots of sex, was a great means to achieve a high like he did when shooting up cocaine. Only that sex was way cheaper, safer and healthier than the consumption of class A drugs. One could not be high on coke all the time. Not even Sherlock.
“Want the rough treatment like yesterday?” John watched closely when Sherlock consented with heavily lidded eyes and a short nod. “Say if you want me to stop, will you?” John scrutinized Sherlock´s face attentively, having become utterly serious.
Mrs Hudson was over the moon. She became as excited as a three-year-old on their first Christmas. She ogled longingly the shiny virginal metal pole and deftly cursed her hip which prevented using it herself in commemoration of the olden days when she´d been an exotic dancer in Florida. A very erotic dancer, too. She had been very bendy back then.
Everyone knew what the pole was there for. Yet, no one so far had caught the slightest glimpse of Sherlock or John who were supposed to dance at 9pm and some Yarders were already insinuating that the couple had chickened out of performing, too embarrassed at their upcoming failure.
The insolent answer earned Sherlock another sharp pinch of his arse cheek and on top a firm tug at his sleep-tangled curls. Stars exploded in lustful expectation of more
Sherlock (and a lot of the Yarders as well) knew that Sally Donovan and Philip Anderson were in a not-so-much-secret-anymore adulterous relationship. He did not care. He did not like the both of them but apart from being able to rile them up with his knowledge, Sherlock took no further interest in their doings. Although he very much liked to call them the “3D pair”, meaning dumb deviant dorks, when they were within earshot.
The crowd moaned. There was cheering and screaming but some also made barfing noises. Cameras clicked. Again. John and Sherlock indulged for a while before they both made a show of licking their lips, then sneering at the Yarders and simultaneously flipping them off.
Meanwhile, John continued his examination and slid his palm along Sherlock´s hard shaft and moved the prepuce back and forth, deliberately procrastinating its way back up. Sherlock´s high pitched sounds conveyed clearly that the inspection was to his liking. His cock strained against John´s palm when he bent it down to pull the skin over the top of Sherlock´s glans, evoking a hiss of lust and a strong forward bucking of Sherlock´s hips. John saw how the blood vessels in the penis pumped while the cavernous body became filled to the maximum. Sherlock´s cock was painfully rigid now and he emphasized his need for release with deep panting groans. Sherlock had closed his eyes, lost in the sensation of John´s firm but gentle hand rubbing and squeezing and stroking, keeping him on the subtle edge between delight and despair.
But although Sherlock had done his very best to rile up Chris as much as possible without even knowing why exactly the other suddenly deflated. Chris groaned and rubbed a hand over his face.
Sherlock really knew how to make him randy. As if he had not been horny as fuck already before. John grunted when a heavy shudder coursed through him. He shivered, not only because he was getting cold having stepped back out the warm spray seemingly ages ago but also with the desire flooding him to
John laughed, delighted by Sherlock´s put-upon indignant air. “So modest for someone who looks like dragged out of a skip.”
“I´m not certain. I´ll have to do an examination first.” John managed to keep a straight face this time. “Check if everything is still fully functional.”
The realisation that he was about to fall hard for John Watson came as a shock to Sherlock and he let his head fall forward until it bumped with a muffled sound against the tiled wall. He suppressed the urge to bang his head forcefully against the hard surface so that the pain would make all the feelings he could not control go away.
The dark blonde hair was spiky and mussed with sweat and smelled faintly of sex. Like Sherlock did himself now that his nose had finally connected with his brain. Sherlock´s belly felt scratchy with dried crusts of semen and his groin area was sticky and itched. Sherlock took some deep sniffs and, yes, definitely the smell of stale body odour and dried cum lingered everywhere on his skin, the blonde and all over the bed, too.
John collapsed onto Sherlock´s back and just lay there motionless for several minutes. John´s body moved with Sherlock´s heaving breaths, feeling every shuddering inhale against his belly and in return panting forced gusts of moist air against Sherlock´s sweat-slicked neck.
The ear kept on burning long after Sherlock had left the kitchen and John pondered what he had gotten himself into with this man. Most probably Sherlock would be the cause for John´s premature death. Pity.
The sex had been stellar. John really had enjoyed acting out the dominant part once he had been certain Sherlock actually wanted and craved to be treated roughly, bordering on abusive. Repeating the same role allocation this morning when Sherlock was definitely off his cocaine high. And Jesus, had that been a hot fuck, too.
The anxious tone of John´s voice made Sherlock startle. He did not know how to deal with that genuinely meant question so he called out “I´m fine” from under the spray, looking towards John standing in the doorway and pretending to look genuine. He felt pathetic.
They agreed to continue working out at the pole, starting the next day. Without mentioning it any further, Sherlock showed up in the Barbarella costume and John as the angel. Neither was surprised.
John exhaled a breath which he had not known he had held. “Thanks for your honesty. This is more I would have hoped for. Much more.”
“Tonight, John and I will perform a duo choreography on the pole. We should be costumed as a famous movie couple and since you are all bumbling morons (insulted protest ensued) we have a screenshot of the movie in question projected in the background so you´ll know who we represent.”
John had been considerate enough to care about him even knowing that he was about to shag a worthless junkie. Which was a first and something Sherlock did not really know how to deal with.
Suddenly the closeness felt too much, threatening even. Sherlock broke the bubble by wriggling his hips and turned around to face John. Once again, he put on his seductive and shameless attitude. Sherlock pinched John´s nipple softly while his other hand flicked the tip of John´s cock. His own erection aligned with John´s belly.
Purely by accident, Sherlock had grabbed the soap too hard, letting it fly in a high arc right out of his hand and over the edge of the bathtub. It landed with a dull smack on the bathmat. John fell out of his bubbly daydream and blinked, momentarily uncomprehending.
Sherlock shivered with excitement. Finally! Water ran over his exposed cock. Steam was clouding his vision, also blood pooled in his head from being bent over the tub. He had the weird perspective of gazing up at his own cock from down under and upside down. His painfully hard erection touched his belly. The water trickled along his scrotum, drops falling off and nearly hitting his chin.
John walked behind Sherlock and determinedly grabbed him under the armpits. John lifted him high over his own head into a hold with outstretched arms. Sherlock spread his legs into a side-split and they seemed to go on forever. John whirled two times around the pole, always holding Sherlock high above only supported by John´s strong arms. Sherlock kept being frozen with arms and legs stretched wide. John panted hard when his spins ended, standing facing the pole again with Sherlock between.
Sherlock´s frantic yelps were muffled by the pillows his face got pressed into but John´s feral outcry travelled easily across the room and reverberated from the walls. The echoing sound felt like a physical embrace against Sherlock´s naked skin.
John held Sherlock´s aching nipple firmly sucked into his soft mouth. It was only a little bit uncomfortable because of the tiny but spiky metal ring pierced through the soft skin of Sherlock´s. John used the tip of his tongue to push the ring aside and play with the very top of the constricted flesh where it was most sensitive. After several languid licks John suddenly scraped hard teeth over the nipple´s tip. Sherlock responded immediately with a long rumbling moan and arched his back upwards, pressing himself against John´s hot groin area.
John bit the earlobe once and that hurt so deliciously that Sherlock whined and instinctively bucked his hips, sadly only finding void, not making contact with John´s lovely body.  Hot lips moved against his ear conch. “Promise to tell me when there´s something bad. I´d never enjoy if you´re uncomfortable with something kinky. Don´t want to really hurt or humiliate you.”
John drew back his hips, creating another wave of torturous emptiness, sending a surge of chills all over Sherlock, making every tiny hair on his body rise, puny tendrils reaching up in vain to a heaven where a praised but withdrawn deity lived. Relief came quickly when John thrusted his hips down again to the maximum only stopping when his balls hit Sherlock´s heated flesh.
Sally was vibrating with glee although it could also be due to the amount of imbibed Head Punch and she leant close to Philip whose eyes had become looking even more like a weasel´s. He lazily groped at Sally´s backside while she giggled with a dopey smile on her face.
A wet noise was produced when John removed his finger from Sherlock´s mouth, leaving a narrow trail of glistening spit against the perfect cupid´s bow. Sherlock protested with a soft moan but inhaled sharply when John reached his digit around Sherlock´s arse cheek and found his way to the rim of the puckered muscle. John lightly teased the entrance and since there was no real resistance given by the pliant flesh the finger slid effortlessly into the soft tissue.
Every sinewy muscle was pulled tight in this position, clearly visible under Sherlock´s skin which was pulled tight over his porcelain white lean limbs, not one iota of fat anywhere to be seen. His chest heaved with the exertion.
Sherlock suppressed a flinch and put the mugs onto the table, trying to get away from Chris. He reverted to poignant sarcasm. “Congratulations, your power of observance is truly excellent given your hungover state.”
stuck in every corner of his brain. Yet, where would be the fun if Sherlock would obey immediately? Also, he could not let John have his way too easily since Sherlock had to uphold a facade of keeping the upper hand. Duh!
Sherlock carefully wriggled his torso a little bit so that he could angle his head. That way he got a better view of the man whose face was pressed flush against his bony chest without waking said man. He would rather indulge in the unusual feeling of being
“There’s something I never thought I’d hear you say, so 50-50 chance you’ve got a concussion,” John tried a chuckle, but it fell flat.
“I’m Dr John Watson,” John extended his hand to Spaulding, “I wrote to Reverend Munroe about the... thing. And this is Sherlock—”
Spaulding glanced up at Sherlock and Mrs Hudson expectantly, as if anticipating a laugh on a bad pun, but Sherlock didn’t find anything remotely witty or funny.
John’s brows, furrowed with determination, was the first sight that materialised in Sherlock’s line of vision when he finally regained consciousness. Sherlock felt John’s steady, gentle hands on his cranium, pressing, examining his eye and the back of his head, checking for concussions, and felt his breathing return, filling his lungs with much-needed oxygen. The place where he had hit his head still throbbed and, although the magnitude had diminished, a persistent fatigue had taken hold of Sherlock. Fatigue that rendered Sherlock so famished he felt he hadn’t eaten in days.
“Dr Watson couldn’t be here this morning,” Sherlock answered curtly before Spaulding even had a fat chance at being one of those rare souls with the privilege of completing a sentence in Sherlock’s presence. “He had…” Sherlock faltered. “He had some things to sort out at his old place.”
“Now,” Spaulding turned to Mrs Hudson, “since your man is still a newbie, he is most likely accompanied by an experienced demon who
John looked like he desperately wanted to be launched into space at that exact moment. “It’s not that—”
No, Sherlock tried to reassure himself, John was fine. Rosie was fine. They had to be. It must be a minor emergency if they were coming back for dinner. Everything was fine. He hadn’t fucked anything up. Rosie was a baby, and babies had non-demon-related emergencies all the time, right? John and Sherlock had just shared a moment, an unequivocal declaration of trust, the domestic equivalent of Gorbachev instituting
“What are you?” Sherlock called out, but not too loudly to risk waking John upstairs. With one hand, he fumbled around for the light but barely brushed his fingers around something cold and slimy and squishy and leapt backwards in alarm, more disgusted than disturbed. Squinting in the dark, he still managed to flick the switch on. No, it was still a light switch, nothing more.
“Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson exclaimed in a manner that tried to make light of the situation. “Although you did do that, didn’t you, John? Remember?”
Spaulding shot Sherlock a smirk that verged on scorn, and Sherlock side-eyed John, wondering if he should inform the lawyer that his life expectancy had just dropped by thirty years.
“Concerns?!” John let out a humourless chuckle. Sherlock tried not to look surprised. Who was this John with the strange slicked-back hair? Where was the man who had held his hand and been so frank with him only a day ago?
His physical state seemed drastically improved despite the lingering fatigue. However, not everything was merry. Only an hour after telling Mrs Hudson that he’d be joining them for dinner, John had promptly cancelled, stating some vague emergency in his old place, the one he’d shared with Mary before her death. Sherlock knew what it was: an excuse. There was a time when he would have showed up at John’s flat and make him do what Sherlock wanted because he knew what was best for John. But Sherlock knew better now. Of course, he still knew what was best for John. But now, it was imperative that John arrive at that conclusion on his own.
There was no answer from John. Sherlock bit back a choked sob, knowing it was time to stop fighting and give in.
Sherlock really did not know what John had hoped to achieve by making him sit down with Mrs Hudson. Perhaps he—despite being a man of science—was afraid for her safety.
Sherlock hesitated. He didn’t want to say, didn’t want to share the nightmare with anyone. Or maybe it was fine as long as he didn’t share the contents. Or pretended that it wasn’t a nightmare at all.
Jim removed his fingers from the back of his head; there was dried blood on it. Blood that did not permeate the air with its coppery tang. Jim put the fingers to his tongue, licking it with such vigour that it made Sherlock want to throw up.
“Oh, Sherlock might do that,” John’s voice was tight, “Become so bored without cases that he’ll go running back to Moriarty.”
Sherlock’s eyes darted from corner to corner, unable to locate the source of the whiny, disembodied voice.
“How sweet,” Mary drilled her finger in deeper, clawing at the muscle underneath with her nail. “Tell me, Sherlock. Tell me, and I’ll stop. I’m near your ribs anyway, probably just an inch from your oesophagus or something. John would know better,” she cocked her head at John. “Won’t you, husband?”
He took a sip and grimaced. The tea didn’t taste at all like John had made it. The unexpected was always so jarring.
Wait, he hadn’t accounted for biscuits before closing his eyes. He creaked his eyes open. No, the biscuits were real. Oh, thank God. He was seeing things that were there. And the lawyer did tell him that now his mind was unencumbered, so he shouldn’t suffer from any symptoms of demonic possession at least until the forty-eight-hour window was gone. And if hallucinations were a symptom of possession, it followed logically that he shouldn’t be having one now.
Just then, five seconds after Skull had flung itself onto the floor like a snubbed Victorian maiden, it rotated by sixty degrees and glared at Sherlock with its socketless eyes, and Sherlock knew something was up.
I told both my betas that I would drop the Gorbachev joke (is it a joke? I can imagine saying that to a friend and receiving crickets in return) since it's highly unlikely that Sherlock would know who he is, but that line is one of my darlings and while I have cut many darlings in my woefully short fanfiction career, this is one I am weirdly fond of so...
“What good would that do? John would still have to come, wouldn’t he?” Mrs Hudson glanced at Sherlock’s wince, “Don’t make that face! I was out of sugar; had to add Canderel to your tea. Didn’t know you could tell.”
Sherlock decided to summon his last reserves of energy to open his mouth and interrupt, “Yes, I know he’s a newbie. I told him that and he got offended.”
so, so much. He couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t speak, and it wasn’t ending, and all he really wanted was just a night’s sleep...
Despite managing his first decent (even if pill-induced) night’s sleep in a long while, Sherlock had felt wearier than ever when he woke at six am. But his head felt clear, with no constant nudging towards suicide, and no sign of mind games from Moriarty, so Sherlock counted that as a blessing.
“She was until yesterday,” Sherlock corrected. “She’ll be back when I’m ‘cured’ or whatever term you have for Demon Removal.”
She smiled affectionately, and something warm bloomed in Sherlock’s chest. He felt warm, safe and happy, and he hid his face, pretending he didn’t feel that way. But, out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw Mrs Hudson’s smile drop as she resumed rubbing her wrist with a faint wince, and the feeling vanished as quickly as it had come. Sherlock really wanted to apologize, really wanted to tell her that she needn’t put on a brave face like that, but she was gone before he could even open his mouth. That was Sherlock’s life to a tee. People leaving right before he worked up the courage to tell them the right thing instead of the clever thing. The only time he had managed the timing right was when he’d revealed Mary’s truth to John—
Sherlock slipped out of his pants and hopped into the shower, barely able to wait for John to leave before having a quick wank.
Sherlock glanced over at him, imagining John younger, carefree. John took it the wrong way and cleared his throat nervously.
And at that point, it was all John could do to hold onto Sherlock's hips as the man writhed on top of him. He grunted into Sherlock's mouth and pressed upwards, Sherlock crying out and scrambling to remove his trousers and pants, tossing them aside.
Lestrade opened it and strong-armed his way in, coffee in hand and a scowl on his face. "You two had better not be colluding in here. I've already had a hell of a day and it's only morning."
"So I think we should go back inside as my arse is freezing off, and you seem to quite like it as it is. And I think you should...I think I'd rather like to get to know you."
With the old man grumbling out of sight Sherlock turned the light on and looked at the mark more closely. It was...perfect. A small, red, crescent moon in the middle of her palm, and already scabbing over. It was one of the most uncommon soulmate marks, which was why it had taken her so long to recognise it as such.
"Sherlock trouble?" he asked, fairly sure that was what it was about, as they didn't have anything else in common.
"Same stuff you get at the store," John said, handing Sherlock a small plastic cup of water. "You won't need anything stronger."
He shook his head and looked up, finding he'd walked all the way down the worn path and into the station without noticing the change in atmosphere.
Surely enough, John's silhouette could be seen in the window as he moved about his room. Sherlock clenched his jaw and stood, walking quickly through the tall grass to the house and standing below the window, not sure what to do.
John's brain had already caught hold of the thread, however, and he wasn't yet ready to let it go. "Whatever you might do at home, you don't have to lie to me. I won't tell a soul."
The man reached for Sherlock and John struck him with his shoulder, knocking him to the ground. "Get out. Now."
"I took that last semester. Real pain," John said. When Sherlock simply stared at him he cleared his throat. "I'll, uh, let you get back to it."
Molly turned and busied herself with securing the severed foot, knowing full well that Sherlock would attempt to nick it while she was flustered. Which she was, of course. Flustered because Sherlock had managed to put enough sex in his voice to drown a kitten. She could feel how red her cheeks were. Bastard could always seem to sense a secret.
Greg sighed and ran a hand through his hair before putting his mobile back into his pocket. It was like a stab in the gut and Mycroft closed the window and sat back in his seat.
"You could could use a bit more weight," John said, noting the number and setting the file to the side.
Jack was up out of his seat and throwing fists, but not quickly enough that John couldn't interfere. He was the one that took the blows as Harriet got her things and jumped out the window, destined for the abandoned house that her girlfriend and a few others had taken shelter in.
He slid into the back of the waiting cab and looked out the window as they pulled away. He hoped the coffee would start working, as he still felt quite tired.
Mycroft felt lighter for the admission and turned the light off on his side of the bed, setting his book aside and shifting to lay his head in Greg's lap. Greg ran his fingers through his hair and didn't say a word. Mycroft loved him for that.
Sherlock nodded in the direction of the door just as the wife walked in with a jewelry box. This time she didn't even try to pretend that she was still wearing her wedding ring.
"I think that's the way it was supposed to be," Sherlock murmured against John's neck. "But don't tell."
"Rugby player. I'd say team captain, but your fierce determination to be a surgeon, and to pay off your schooling, wouldn't allow for enough time. I'm sure you'd make a good captain," Sherlock said quickly.
"What's rude?" John shot back, wishing more than ever that he could be heard. "Is that you just expect me to-"
Sherlock pulled himself together and put on a mask of indifference. "I suppose I might as well," and then when Mrs H looked on. "Alone."
"What are you doing talking to me?" John asked, face screwed up and thumb still moving. "I'm old and broken and you're so warm and soft."
"H-hello," Sherlock replied, closing his eyes to block out some of the sensory input and trying hard not to pass out.
It made John sick that she had seen in his eyes something that told her to leave, but it couldn't be helped. His mind was running circles and he knew the creases in his forehead told a less than friendly story. He swallowed the whiskey down and played with the glass a bit more until the burn had left his throat, the steadiness overtaking him a simple trick of the mind, and then paid and left.
"I said," Sherlock murmured, not minding repeating himself, not this time, "that I want you to marry. After I die. You shouldn't be alone, you're not the type of man to take that well."
John turned to Sherlock and couldn't help the look of all out adoration on his face. "You really are a mystery."
Each time he spent the day with John it was an act of rediscovery. He swore he stood in the stream differently when John was with him, looked at the world anew. Reminding John of his surroundings felt like a mission, like something was calling to him.
Sherlock was silent for a moment, and it was like watching a car crash in slow motion. John could pinpoint the exact moment he would explode.
Something strange flickered in John's eyes and he reached over and pressed hard to set the lift in motion, and then hit the button for the next floor. Seconds later the doors opened and he walked out, leaving Sherlock there, confused.
John's face twisted up and he realised for the first time that Sherlock needed him, that what they were forming was a bond, that he had a friend for the first time in at least ten years. He cared about Sherlock, and Sherlock's uncertainty and pain HURT. He tried to steady his breath and ran his fingers through Sherlock's fringe over and over again until the man seemed to melt in relaxation.
"Is this...common?" John asked, clearing his throat again. "I've never done this sort of thing, but I had the impression you would just-"
She watched Sherlock leave with the solvent in hand and slammed the milk down on the conveyor belt. The checker's eyes lingered on Sherlock's back for a second before he looked back. Jane sneered at him and he quickly rang up the milk and the packet of biscuits. Jane ran her card through too quickly, twice, and finally just pressed it into his hand, cursing under her breath.
The moan it drew out of Sherlock had John wondering if anyone had seen them arrive. Him and a prostitute. The women down the hall would be all over the building management about it when-
The feeling of John's hand, warm like a real hand, surprisingly, was so unexpected that he'd felt a quick dump of adrenalin in his system. He felt a bit of it again just then, eyes closed against the spray as he swished warm water around in his mouth before spitting it out.
Sherlock kept his menu up until the waiter came, worried that conversation wouldn't come easily. He felt his tongue was too slow and frowned to himself over his choice of early drink.
"You didn't smell that" John asked. "Sort of peculiar for a man to wear vanilla. Reminds me of the biscuits my mother used to make."
"Sherlock," John said, seriously concerned, "let's get you to the loo and get some cold water on your face, yeah?"
"You want to join me on cases," Sherlock explained. "And you were angry that I may have put myself in harm's way. Because you like me."
Jane pulled out an alcohol swab and a plaster and kneeled before Sherlock, taking her hand and holding it tightly as she cleaned. "Question still stands."
"It's all gone, you poor mutt. Looks like no one loves you," Sherlock teased, before giving in and setting his plate gingerly on the floor for the dog to lick.
"I...don't ever want to write another book in my life," Sherlock said, throwing himself dramatically on top of John and breathing against his neck.
Two hours later, ties loose and tongues looser, Sherlock and John floated around the dance floor. DI Hopkins sidled up to her date and, never having seen Sherlock and John off a case, asked the question burning its way through her mind.
"I'm not upset," Sherlock clarified, sniffing loudly and taking the end of the sandwich from John's hand, "I'm disappointed."
Sherlock knew beyond a doubt that he was being impatient, but that was rather his style and he figured that since they'd got off together, it was a reasonable question.
Sherlock chuckled and John grinned at him as he folded the paper, their feet tangling below the table. One last sip of tea and John stood, stretching and yawning for good measure, before walking to the front door.
"Lust is a captivity of the reason and an enraging of the passions. It hinders business and distracts counsel. It sins against the body and weakens the soul," John recited smoothly.
"He fought, you know," Sherlock said in lieu of reply. "He was an army doctor. Perhaps you can speak to him about-"
"Will you kiss me now?" Sherlock asked, blush growing and making its way to the tips of his ears even as it bloomed on his chest.
Greg stood and went to him, pulling him upright and looking him in the eyes. He pressed his lips to Mycroft's and wrapped his arms around him, fingers slipping below his waistband. Mycroft kissed him back, losing himself in it completely. When Greg pulled away he breathed deeply and tried to center himself.
And, oh, how a single word could remind Sherlock of what he would miss so much. The feeling swelled as John sighed and left the sink to take his seat across from Sherlock, hand towel carefully placed over one knee.
"Pleased to see you've made yourself comfortable, I'm sure," Mycroft drawled as he entered the room.
When John finally took the seat next to Sherlock on the sofa again, it was to trade a plate of food for the laptop. Well, attempt to. He got an actual growl out of the detective and sat back, one eyebrow raised.
"Where on earth did you come from?" Sherlock asked, shivering under the spray and scrubbing at his skin.
John couldn't believe it. Honestly, a DI admitting his addiction to a sex worker in broad daylight to a man he'd just met. "It's, um, brave of you to admit." John said, uneasy and growing more so.
"Say something," Sherlock murmured, slipping back into the previous relaxed state, arms hanging like overly cooked asparagus.
The case write-up was horrible. There weren't any real explanations. He'd written, 'I knew it by the man's shoes', but not how. John grimaced and scrolled down the screen. He wanted to shout, had a strange fission of something running through him, and because of that fission, and possibly the pain medication, he did something completely erratic.
"Couldn't sleep?" he asked, walking forward and cursing himself for not at least putting on the hotel slippers.
They lived together comfortable for a month and a half before it was brought up, although John had professed his love at month two. How, after all, do you convince a non-believer?
Greg started to wonder if maybe he'd been hit on the head. They didn't do lobotomies anymore, did they? He cleared his throat as Sherlock rose to prepare their tea. "Past tense. You aren't now. What's caught your attention?"
Sherlock sputtered and felt his cock grow impossibly harder. He was grateful when the man went on without him.
John kicked off his shoes and pulled his trousers and pants down to mid-thigh, completely fine with whatever amount of oil got on them in the process. He allowed himself two quick strokes and then pushed into Sherlock's waiting heat.
"I need to look inside that chest. I'll get you a room set up for when you're done and find some pain medication," John said, handing Sherlock off to a tech.
With the finishing touches in place, he posted it, sending an alert directly to his anonymous reader and secretly hoping, though it was foolish, that the bastard sat across from him would find it too. Sherlock, though, didn't seem the type to read such things, especially his new story, which he admitted to himself is a bit more romantic than the last few. He took a deep breath, closed the lid to his laptop, and opened the paper.
"Your mind is wasted on them. You could be doing such good," Mycroft continued, following Sherlock as he walked to answer the knock at the front door.
"So I'll sleep on the bloody sofa!" John shouted. "I'm tired and I really need a piss, so if you can give me the key we'll be on our way."
"Yes, of course. So we can talk without paper. Will you come to the library with me?" Sherlock asked, already pulling on clothes and going to brush his teeth.
"If you want to look over the case at the vicarage, I'm sure Mrs Hudson will make us tea," John added.
He was thinking about having a long, luxurious wank, the kind that teased for an hour before anything came of it. His inbox, however, had other plans.
Sherlock turned so that the full effect of his rolled eyes could be felt and John just laughed harder. He continued his pout as John sat across from him and carefully cut a piece of the omelette with the edge of his fork.
John watched him go and then closed the door and went to loom over Sherlock. He hadn't meant to loom, really, but his curiosity got the best of him.
"What is your favorite thing to eat?" Sherlock asked, then rethinking, "scratch that, what is the thing you eat the most of."
Sherlock's smile turned conspiratorial and he leaned towards the body again. "We'll tell him when we suss out the suspect. Cause of death, Doctor?" he whispered, unaware of the multiple uses of the word 'we' and his almost complete conviction that he and John were now a team.
"Oh," John exploded, "I see! It's my fault, is it? Stupid John can't manage to get an address right!"
"Really, John. Two years together and you truly believe I'd leave the house without some form of lubricant," Sherlock teased.
When John looked up his eyes were glassy and he was clearly on his way to seeing that pint and a half again. He shook his head once and swallowed deeply. "I-"
“You’re as pretty as my mum,” she said, giggling and leaning forward, “and my father has good taste.”
Your letter was a relief. There's nothing I want more than to be there with you, and I promise when I'm on leave I will be-'
Mycroft had been enjoying the little game they were playing, with Greg not realising it was a game, but pushed it aside as the sky cracked loudly and heavy rain started to pour. He was at Greg's side with his umbrella open before the man could retreat to the overhang.
Lestrade took a deep breath and stood, going to close his office door and try to figure out what was wrong. Sherlock never cursed. Never. It wasn't a good sign.
There was a knock at the door and Mrs Hudson came in, fluttering about and opening the curtains to let an abusive amount of light in. Sherlock growled and rolled onto his belly.
Why had John done that? Why did he have to go and remind Sherlock of his stupidity. Calling him Sarah.
"Don't rub it in," Sherlock replied, rolling onto his back and spreading out to take up the whole of the bed.
They sat there in comfortable silence for another ten or so minutes until Jane was starting to feel the tension leave her shoulder. She let the drain go on the bath and got out, drying herself and dressing, clean towel wrapped around her waist. She set the shower cap aside and took a deep breath. When she opened the door all the way and looked down, Sherlock was staring up at her, arms wrapped around her knees and wearing blue pyjamas.
Sherlock watched, transfixed, as John pulled out an alcohol swab and a plaster from his pocket and went about cleaning.
A month into her stay in the smallest flat she'd ever inhabited, and three months until she would run out of enough pension to pay for it, Jane received her first bit of proper mail. She wasn't sure what to think, as the return address was that of a solicitor, so she opened it before her mind could fill in false blanks.
Jane shook her head and Sherlock went on. She prodded and pressed and Jane kept it together the whole damn time. When Sherlock finally sat back, Jane allowed herself to open her eyes.
And, god, he could get used to that. He really could. He was almost tempted to bring the man home with him, if only for the convenience of having him again in the morning. It wasn't that Sherlock didn't
"Threatening my brother with a night under my roof? You knew he'd say no to it," Mycroft said, crossing his arms.
He wrote back, platitudes and understanding. And spent the rest of his lunch staring at the wall and thinking about how it had all gone wrong. How he'd thrown it all away for a man he'd known less than a week. He thought back on the encounter with the ponce in the warehouse and realised that he was right, well sort of, when he said John trusted Sherlock very quickly. The fact was, he'd fallen just as quickly as he trusted.
Sherlock and John had been together as a couple for quite some time now. They had already been living together, they had been solving crimes together and when they finally got over their shared awkwardness to confess their love for each other they had become a couple.
John wanted to caress every single square inch of this body. Lick the milky skin. Nibble at the delicate angles of the skinny body. Swallow the drops of hot water running over the delicious dips of the hip bones. Cherish the bird-like frailty of the collarbones. He would scrape his fingernails softly along the spine, making the skin shiver with the sensuous touch and the…
This evening over dinner, Sherlock deigned to eat a full plate because John made “the thing with the peas”, he suspiciously casually mentioned “It would be a real shame to let the pole fall into disuse now the bet is over, with all the work we put into refurbishing 221c.”
Sherlock also managed to finagle a deal with one of Great Britain´s top female competitive pole sport champions to give them private lessons two times a week and create a professional choreography for them. Sherlock claimed that she owed him for helping her with a case two years back including drugged toothpaste and dangerous tampering with a spinning pole. John was beyond asking for details at that point. Sheila turned out to be a very good and professional dancer/teacher and also was funny on top. She had the body of a circus acrobat and could do tricks on the pole which defied gravity.
A knowing grin formed on Sherlock´s face. His silvery dyed springy curls bounced when he took a mocking bow. He wore a skin-tight sleeveless silver bodice extending into a panty, both cut for a female body that shamelessly
covered his groin area and exposed his long sinewy arms and lean thighs. And, when Sherlock performed a deliberately slow spin, also exposed the lower part of his taut arse cheeks in such a lewd way that the audience, men and women alike, just freaked out and visibly recoiled in steamrollered shock.
“Squeeze.” Sherlock whispered and his hands reached upwards to hold John´s fingers around his throat in place. John was being
Sally Donovan and Philip Anderson also secretly downloaded the video and salivated every time over watching it, focussing on John´s six-pack or Sherlock´s over-knee boots respectively.
“Bah. Tell you what, I´ll make a cuppa, you make the bed, we drink the tea, then I´ll take a shower, preferably together with you.” Sherlock disdainfully sniffed at himself, “I´m sticky all over and I reek.”
“I won´t lie and not say I´d really wish you´d stop destroying yourself. If I could help you with sobering up, I will.”
Sherlock dreamt of being clean for once. Over the past year he had fed his habit, letting it become fat and persistent and unwilling to leave. A headache formed and he could only think about how John would despise him if he discovered what kind of pathetic addict Sherlock really was.
John found out that he was damned turned on when he watched Sherlock doing spins or sitting in mid-air on the pole, arms extended wide to his side. He always imagined being the pole and wanted to be surrounded by Sherlock´s tightly pressed thighs as well. Could one become jealous of an inanimate object? Obviously, yes.
But when someone shouted, “Oi, Greg, do the pole yourself. Test if it´s slick enough!” and raucous laughter swept through the rapt audience he quickly announced the pole dancing duo and clambered off the stage with an awkward smile and fully flushed cheeks.
Sherlock´s put-upon look of terrible suffering made the laugh John had stifled before now break through. He fell out of his role and asked, amused and a bit uncomfortable, “Are we really doing this?”
What if John kicked him out after waking up nonetheless? Coming to his senses and bereft of the post-coital bliss, figuring out he would rather not share his bed with the punk whose personality was as dissolute as the ripped clothes he wore? Seeing John´s disgust would be really painful.
Sherlock, insecure and vulnerable once again, finally looked up and saw the honesty in John´s face. A small smile started to grace his mouth with lips remembering the sensation of John´s upon them. “I´ll only become more insufferable the longer I´ll go without cocaine.”
“Ha, I knew you couldn´t keep your mouths off each other,” Donovan hooted triumphantly, “you just lost the bet.”
Sherlock as much as threw himself onto his front, desperate to follow suit and already John´s hands were kneading his arse, unceremoniously spreading the cheeks and a rock-hard prick was aligned with his hole. John started pushing down and he glided seamlessly inwards, fitting into Sherlock like someone wearing a bespoke suit.
Sighing contentedly, Sherlock pressed his arse tighter against John´s erection. He cupped John´s hands with his larger ones, holding them crossed over his stomach. They fit perfectly. The warm water poured down over their bodies, caressing and enclosing them in a comfortable cocoon of tender intimacy.
“You´re close now,” Sherlock sent John a heated gaze under beautifully curved eyelashes, “so squeeze already!”
“So, here´s the end coming,” Sherlock thought sadly and hunched his shoulders, trying to brace himself for the upcoming, hopefully only verbal, blow by closing his eyes. He did not want to see John´s face looking at him with hate.
John sighed, snapping himself out of his reverie and started to strip away the soiled blankets. He put on fresh ones, working distractedly while he mused over Sherlock´s personality. The punk was really smart as well. No, he was frighteningly intelligent, much more than was obviously doing him any good given his need to distract his ever racing brain by dosing it with cocaine.
He scratched at the squirming sensation under his skin, leaving raw tissue in his wake and some spots even started to bleed shallowly. He hated feeling like his. Damaged and broken and ready for everyone to come and tear him apart. Ripping out his heart and burning the miniscule fragments in the embers of a fire which had died long ago.
The Yarders stared. This was not what they´d expected. What John just did was an example of perfect body control, beautiful and simple-looking but everyone who´d done pull-ups before knew that it was hard.
After The Second Incident happened, Sherlock became very industrious. He bought a pole, he ordered flat 221c to be cleared and cleaned, he had the pole installed in the basement together with mirrors on the wall and a nice wooden parquet floor on the ground. He had a sound system built in. He had the heating fixed. For preparation, he acquired 56 books on the techniques of pole dancing, 41 of them including a DVD. Sherlock watched them all. Multiple times.
They cherished their secret and kept all the others in limbo of not-knowing. They felt very smug about that. Until that one day when fate decided to out them.
Sherlock wanted to wear that thingy instantly and was also very keen to have John sporting that glittering loincloth. He would be delectable like that. Sherlock fell into a dream-like state when his blood decided to abandon the brain and went to accumulate somewhere else.
“No, I’m fine!” Sherlock hated the defensive edge that had crept into his tone. “Sorry, I just... need something...”
With a grunt, Sherlock surrendered his wrists reluctantly. John slithered onto Sherlock’s bed, crossing the chasm of furniture between them. He held Sherlock's wrist with the same tenderness with which he always handled any wounds Sherlock had gathered over the course of his tumultuous career. John's fingers trailed across one fingerprint, rough and calloused, and pain shot into Sherlock’s flesh, making him nearly yank his arm back.
“You know he never takes phone calls…” Mrs Hudson was trying to defend him, even if only halfheartedly. “Only texting…”
Sherlock glanced from his half-full plate to John. His hair was different, changed from how it had looked only yesterday. It was a bit longer, styled in a swoop with hair gel. Sherlock glanced at John’s shirt collar. No, there was no way John had got the hairdo that day, else his shirt collar would’ve told a completely different story. John had changed his hair. Just yesterday, John had different hair, but now he had… whatever this was. Or did he?
Kitchen counter, smooth. Teacup, hot. Plate, warm. Biscuit crumbs, grainy. Knife holder, cold. Kettle, ouch, very hot. Biscuit...
“Why do you keep saying that? ‘Make John come back’? John is here, isn’t he? He’s just...” Sherlock paused, trying to find the right word, but something churned in his gut like he was missing out on the one big, decisive clue right in front of him. “He’s just taken a sabbatical after everything that happened yesterday. He’s doing this for Rosie, you heard him. Rosie needs a break from all the demon... stuff. He moved out for her sake.”
“‘Curiouser and curiouser, said Alice’,” Sherlock chanted. His eyes roamed around the kitchen, from the fridge to the teetering dishes in the sink, “Moriarty.”
“Huh?” Sherlock’s attention drifted away from her, diving into the drawers in search of the tea leaves. That was odd. John always kept the tea on the second upper shelf of the cupboard above the stove. His military predictability, as annoying as it could be, was comforting in many ways.
“Nonsense! You, John Watson,” she let out a frustrated groan, “let me tell you, if you and Rosie still lived here, I would bake her a pie and a cake every single day, do you understand? That beautiful child... why can’t you just come back—?”
“Shut up, John!” Sherlock couldn’t tolerate the multiple voices interrupting each other anymore, “Let the man speak!”
“Because,” John hissed, “after all these years… after everything, you’re still the same. You don’t tell me anything. You go off on your own, and... you need to stop being...” John motioned up and down at him as if to say ‘you need to stop being you’, “this. I can’t…” John began to push his chair, trying to get up. “I knew coming here would be a mistake.”
1) (Sir) Tim Berners-Lee: the director of the W3C, the organisation responsible for maintaining the ISO standards for the World Wide Web. He's colloquially known as the founder of the internet in 1989, which is sort of misleading as there’s more to the internet than the WWW. He began it with developing HTTP protocols, but yeah, he's responsible for the internet functioning the way it does today. We all owe him a ton of gratitude.
"I'm fine," Sherlock hissed, trying to push John away, retreating into his bedroom. But, before Sherlock could swing the door closed, John had magically made his way into Sherlock’s bedroom and laid waste to all plans of ignoring John and throwing silent fits in the privacy of his room.
Sherlock wished for the umpteenth time Jim would just shut up and possess him already, instead of passing nonsense comments. His eyes flickered over to the lawyer to evaluate his reaction. He looked spooked, but not out of ignorance of the paranormal. On the contrary, he looked like he knew exactly what he’d be dealing with.
Moriarty let out a snort in response, pressing two fingers into Sherlock’s closed eyes. “Call her Mrs Watson again, and she will put that bullet in your brain instead. You naive imbecile! Did you think reminding her of her brave little husband was enough to impede the flight of that bullet? What a tender world that would be!”
Several pairs of hands grabbed Sherlock, forcing him upright and onto his feet. Fingers worked at Sherlock’s wrists, removing the invisible bonds and handcuffing him, and Sherlock saw a sliver of an opportunity. With all the strength he could muster, he elbowed one of his faceless captors, twisting his hand free to yank the gun out of a surprised Lestrade’s grip. Sherlock blinked the crust off his eyes, squinting at the nonsensical scene in front of him.
Mrs Hudson looked almost crestfallen before she hobbled down the stairs in protest by not sharing the mid-morning tea with Sherlock. Which was kind of sweet, he thought.
Over the years, Sherlock liked to think that John was capable of seeing things more objectively than most ordinary people while maintaining a superb level of empathy towards the downtrodden. For John to speak so harshly about a man he had invited into his home to help him, well, there had to be more boiling below the surface than was apparent. The lawyer had triggered some deep-seated issues in John, and Sherlock was determined to dig it up and expose its ugly, rancid origins.
“Look at me, Sherlock.” Mary stroked his hair, a cruel smile lingering at the corner of her lips. Sherlock felt his eyelids drooping but was roused instantly by a light slap. “Look at me and tell me you’re not going to tell John. Tell me, and you can sleep.”
“I’m fine here,” John went back to his typing as if nothing was amiss. Sherlock still wanted clarification on Rosie, but he knew better than to look a gift horse in the mouth.
Spaulding ticked items off the list, frowning in obvious disapproval. “Um… okay, so, the good news is that since you are currently not suffering from any symptoms, we can safely say that your mind is unencumbered by the demonic presence, and will likely remain so until the forty-eight-hour window is over. But, for the physical, I’d have preferred a medical professional present in your home during these symptom checks. Right now, I only have Mrs Hudson’s comments, and she—”
Sherlock felt hands grab him again—he couldn’t tell how many—and lift him off the floor. Even in the midst of agony, he could hear John’s concerned inquiry: ‘wait, where are you taking him?’ to which Sherlock only heard a distant voice say, “he asked for sleep, so we’re putting him to sleep”. He caught one last glimpse of John: the Semtex jacket was gone, replaced by the jacket he’d worn when Sherlock had closed his eyes and leapt off Bart’s rooftop.
As if discerning Sherlock’s thoughts, John sank to his knees, clutching Sherlock’s hand in his own. Sherlock felt his stomach do a little backflip in response.
“Don’t worry. I’ll get you some biscuits to start with, dear. Mr Spaulding,” Mrs Hudson turned to the lawyer, “if you want to come back another day...”
“Look at her. She thinks an exorcism actually works,” He subsided into hysterical bouts of laughter. “She actually thinks telling me my name and politely asking me to leave in Latin will actually make me leave!”
Sherlock started with the item that should be easiest to find: John’s mug. Five minutes later, he had emptied all the kitchen cupboards and arrived at the impossible conclusion that all of John’s things had disappeared. His mug wasn’t in the flat. But… how? And how had he, Sherlock bloody Holmes, not noticed in the morning when Spaulding was here? Had John… moved out? Within an evening? Or was Sherlock’s mind simply making things up now? Was he seeing things that weren’t there? Or not seeing things that were, in fact, there?
“Sherlock, the man was ridiculous!” John’s face went a botched crimson, nostrils flaring dangerously, “H-he’s a money-grubbing ambulance chaser! His last words were ‘I’ll invoice you’ before he ran out of the house like a bleeding coward. He-he was clearly deluded!”
Sherlock heard the click of a window bolt, followed by the yawn of a metal hinge. Wind swept into the office. It was morning once again, and nothing like the day he jumped. The newborn sun glinted off the Thames’ surface as if tipped with crystal. They had to be at least thirty floors up, and yet Sherlock could swear he felt no heartbeat in him, unlike the first time when tears had clouded his vision and hoarsened his voice on the phone. Now, he had jumped so many times in his nightmares that the finality of the action had lost all meaning.
“Are you an idiot?” she demanded, barely heard over the noise. Sherlock wondered if pretending to be deaf was the best way to get out of this conversation.
“What I’m saying is, Moriarty will do all sorts of things to get Mr Holmes’ attention again. So, it’s imperative that he completely ignores Moriarty in my absence. Remember, Mr Holmes, you and he exist on separate dimensions. Ghost him. No touching, no talking, no acknowledging or doing stuff together. Once you begin to destabilise the communication channel, these two will begin to grow apart, and that’s when Moriarty will finally be ready to negotiate a divorce in good faith... By divorce, I mean a ‘possession-termination’ contract, not a ‘divorce’ divorce, obviously.”
Sherlock felt for the standing hairs tickling the nape of his neck. The voice was real; it rang in his ears like gales howling off the cliff-dotted coast of Scotland. What was the mechanism for this absurd telepathy? Did they bury a chip in his head during his period of detention for Magnussen’s murder? Was he being monitored? Was this Mycroft? Could John hear this voice too?
for go to waste.” Sherlock coughed, mumbling something resembling “pea” and “windpipe” while John continued, “Could make a vital difference for future criminal-chasing.” Sherlock nodded eagerly along and John was able to hear his relieved sigh.
John chuckled and raised a hand to bury gentle fingers in Sherlock´s unruly and hopelessly tangled curls. He tousled them before picking up a strand of hair and wrapping it around his forefinger, playing with its natural springiness.
John hurried down the stairs about to storm into the kitchen. He had a strong urge to protect and rescue Sherlock, although the moron currently did his very best to earn the punch he would undoubtedly receive. Jesus, why did he have to brag with John´s hickeys on him? Did he have no sense of self-preservation? John ground his teeth.
Angry voices boomed up suddenly, arising from the kitchen. John´s happy bubble of a future boyfriend named Sherlock burst into an annoyed groan. Sherlock and Chris had stumbled over each other. Damn! Of course, that had been bound to happen. Why had John not thought about that earlier? The atmosphere in the kitchen right now must at least be awkward if not plainly hostile and maybe even could turn violent, given Sherlock´s acerbic tone of voice. Shit.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open, the hair on the nape of his neck crackling into attention. Had he imagined the voice? Unlikely. He wasn’t high; he was fully conscious and in possession of the entirety of his analytical faculties, and nor was he drifting to sleep. A chance would be a fine thing, though.
As soon as Sherlock had told John about what he suspected was inflicting those bruises on his body, John had made Sherlock sit down with Mrs Hudson and explain to her the whole situation, much like a parent making a child apologize to someone they hurled rocks at on the street. Sherlock had kept side-eying John throughout the whole ordeal—while getting a little turned on by the way John put his foot down—and Mrs Hudson had kept frowning in John’s direction, her eyes often hovering aimlessly just over John’s head, as if she couldn’t see John. Sherlock made a mental note to tell John to get her some decent glasses. She was probably getting old.
“Oh, no, no, no, no, Mr Holmes,” The Woman drawled, stepping on Sherlock’s face with her foot so that he couldn’t hit his head. “We can’t have that, can we? There’s so much more fun to be had.”
“It’s J-John...” She offered Sherlock his phone, her lip quivering. “The phone was ringing, and you were... you weren’t picking up, so I thought I should... I tried waking you, but you were... you were muttering...”
“I’ll do my best not to let that happen, ma’am. Uh… if you’d like, I could have it translated for you?”
“I don’t know what you think of yourself, Mr Holmes,” the client rose from her chair indignantly, “All they say about you is hyped-up nonsense! Such a waste of my time!”
Before Sherlock could make out anything else, Sebastian landed a blow against his face, and Sherlock fell to his knees again, groaning. Tinnitus filled his ears, and Seb’s voice reduced to a distant roar as if he had suddenly plunged Sherlock underwater.
“Feeling nauseous? Disoriented?” John checked his eyes. There was a flashlight in John’s hand, but oddly enough, Sherlock didn’t feel much of a pupillary response to the light.
John then remarked that he had heard Sherlock talk out loud too, and for one damned moment, Sherlock considered lying. That he saw Mary too. Because it was more palatable than the truth.
John revealed that he often saw Mary around the flat. Mary would talk to him, the way Jim talked to Sherlock. John often answered Mary back, as Sherlock did to Jim. How ironic was it, Sherlock mused, that as they both continued indulging their demons, they missed out on what was real—each other.
dead people. Like you do, but in a different way. He loved you while you were dead; he felt so much guilt that he could never be truly mine. But now,
Mrs Hudson gave him a sour look, “Now, don’t you get my hopes up!” She gave the washing machine a suspicious look before retreating to the kitchen, “Don’t know what’s got you into a housekeeping mood, but as sure as the sun rises in the east, I know you’ll soon return to your old ways! Till then, I will just enjoy a clean, toxin-free kitchen in my house for as long as I can.”
Over the course of the interrogation, they all migrated to the sofa, as Sherlock found sitting up unbearable despite the aspirin. His shoulders ached in tandem with his head, as if he had trekked up a mountain for several hours without rest. The discomfort gnawed away at his joints and his patience and sapped his strength to tolerate every outlandish belief in the supernatural that the solicitor held.
John’s eyes snapped up at that and locked in with Sherlock’s before lowering them to his lap once again.
“I am a simple man, Sherlock, I’d rather state things as they are, even if I try my hardest to and usually am unable to. So, when someone like Vince Spaulding, Esquire comes around telling me how to communicate in triple and quadruple negatives, it makes me want to punch him. One only needs complicated words when they’re lying, and I hate liars.”
He gulped, reaching out to shut off the grinder, cupping her head with one hand and hugging her close.
"I'm a doctor. Let me see," John said for the hundredth time since Sherlock had known him, maintaining the same even tone Sherlock
John was instantly at his side and Sherlock grabbed his hand, bringing it to the epicentre of the pain. It felt like someone was breaking his ribs, one by one, with a hammer. It was the first time Sherlock truly felt there was something foreign and inhuman inside him, something that lashed out and raged against him with every word Spaulding said.
The pitter-patter of barefooted steps descending the stairs reached Sherlock. John. He had evidently gone too long without a response, and John was coming down to check on him, and if John saw this... Sherlock didn’t know how John would react. He had gone too long without John’s presence. He had fallen out of practice with predicting his reactions. What if John deemed greetings written in blood an unsuitable environment for Rosie and left?
When Sherlock woke up the next morning, he found nine dead, thumbtack-size spiders on his bed arranged in a heart shape, with 'hi' written in blood on his sheets once again. The penmanship had improved over the course of the night, progressing from a two-year-old to a five-year-old level.
At ‘pathetic’, the showerhead behind Sherlock hissed to life, spouting hot water as if in retribution. Startled out of his skin, Sherlock nearly let out an ungainly yelp before reaching out to shut it off. His eyes went to the usual suspects: fire exits, bathroom window. The flat smelled the same. Nothing was out of place; therefore, no one had got in. It had to be an inside job. How fun.
Bemused by the info dump, Sherlock blinked, beginning to piece together the signs: the static, the toddler-like writing, the slaps Jim got on his head, the mentions of 'sticking to the script' and Jim's disenfranchisement with laws surrounding demonic possession. Sherlock recalled the way Jim had muttered items off what seemed like a checklist for demonic possession written on the piece of parchment he had been clutching in his ghostlike fingers.
Predictably enough, it wasn’t frightening. Skulls had eternal grins pasted on their fronts (faces?). And showing one’s teeth was a submission signal in primates. When someone grinned at Sherlock, all he saw was a chimpanzee begging for its life.
“That’s right. You’d be surprised how many times people think they’ve got a demonic infestation which ultimately turns out to be a couple of rats in the attic.”
The client sitting in front of Sherlock—an elderly lady with silver hair, who’d already formed solidarity with Mrs Hudson during her struggle up the stairs of 221B—looked scandalised. At least, that was what Sherlock thought she looked like, even though Sherlock couldn’t figure why. Was this an age thing? Perhaps, John would have more input on the nuances of human facial expressions.
No baby formula. No milk. Only eggs, and no veggies. No grocery lists under the fridge magnet. Sherlock frowned at how empty the shelves were, how so obviously stocked-for-one-person the fridge was.
“I’m trying to make John come back,” she sniffled, and Sherlock’s arm tightened around her. “But you keep… you fight with him and you push him away. He’s trying, even when he’s so clearly broken and… you keep sabotaging… and now your mind...” She bit her lip. “Your mind is just slipping away…”
Sherlock pressed a kiss to her hair because he didn’t know what to say. Still, he tried. “I know, I…”
“You always do this, you know?” John continued in a low, resigned voice. “Go off and do whatever you want; never tell me what you’re up to.”
At that point, the throbbing in Sherlock’s ribs grew exponentially and he let out a choked gasp, reaching instinctively for John. “Ah!”
He tried not to think about how it stung. That the John who, three years ago, had travelled from across the other side of London at Sherlock’s mysterious summons to send a text was now resorting to impersonal text messages from the upper floor instead of thundering down the stairs at Sherlock’s command.
She looked away, and Sherlock followed her gaze. Moriarty, Mary, John, Seb, Lestrade, they were all back, all towering over him as he lay on the floor, spluttering and helpless. Mary drew her gun, pointing it at his heart, her eyes glittering with steel-like resolve. It wasn’t Serbia anymore. He was back in university, back in Sixth Form, back in kindergarten, broken, bloodied, with a group of older, stronger peers standing over him in a circle while his vision began to dim.
Moriarty’s voice went quiet and, for a blissful moment, Sherlock was relieved it was over. He checked for his pulse and the temperature of his brow before turning to trudge back to his bedroom. But as soon as he turned—
“Right,” Spaulding blinked, peering at Sherlock, “Mr Holmes, I probably should also mention that since the demon Moriarty is inside you, you are most likely to experience hallucinations. Seeing things that aren’t there, encountering spatial distortions. Often the best way to tell if you’re hallucinating someone is to see if they’re interacting with tangible objects or people—”
Sherlock took in the scene before him. Kitchen counter, knife block, cup, plate, kettle. Then he closed his eyes, stretching out his fingers, feeling for the things that he had just seen.
John never actually admitted he saw and talked to a phantom Mary the way… the way Sherlock would talk to phantom John.
John frowned at Sherlock, somewhat offended. Sherlock wanted to tell John that he had been absent from The Game for far too long, hence the cold shoulder from the lawyer, but his head hurt too much to articulate the words. Somewhere, deep inside him, John’s stricken expression stroked up familiar feelings of vengeful satisfaction, feelings like,
Except John’s chair wasn’t empty. Mrs Hudson was curled up in it, rose-patterned apron over her lilac dress, seemingly unresponsive to Sherlock’s wheezing. What was wrong with her? Why wasn’t she noticing him? Why wasn’t she noticing
“I was being ‘merry,’ Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock lied effortlessly. “I was dreaming of a crime scene where there were four victims, and all of them had different murderers, but the real murderer was not even in the suspect pool.”
“YOU BROKE IN HERE FOR A REASON! JUST DO THE JOB I HIRED YOU FOR AND THEN YOU CAN SLEEP! REMEMBER SLEEP?”
of whips cracking in the air. It was as if he was back in Serbia all over again. The worst part wasn’t that there was a demon inside Sherlock; it was that he was being forced to relive his worst memories, and he’d rather have levitation and projectile vomiting than this.
“Oh, Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson whimpered, leaning forward to help Sherlock up, “You hit your head, dear...”
“Sounds very... simple,” Mrs Hudson looked doubtful, “So, demons... get letters from solicitors like
The man’s continued interest in Sherlock’s life irked him a bit. “Baby Watson. Dr Watson’s daughter.”
Spaulding caught his eyes and straightened in his chair. “You’re under attack right now. You’ve already permitted him to move in, haven’t you?”
Sherlock frowned. John had insisted that Sherlock inform Mrs Hudson of the demon situation, just to make her aware of any dangers lurking, but wasn’t worried about his own daughter?
John chuckled at a few magazines lying on the table, “You’ll just settle for anybody these days, eh, Sherlock?”
Turned out there was no end to Sherlock’s misery because his loud exclamation had brought Mrs Hudson bursting into 221B and consequently upon Sherlock trying to be quiet about his illicit laundry.
“Gr-Greg,” Sherlock panted, turning to his right, “Please. Let me go, please... John,” he turned to his final hope, “John, please...”
He and John existed like ghosts in separate dimensions: they didn’t touch, they didn’t see each other all that much, they didn’t talk unless necessary, they didn’t pass each other in the flat even during the meal times, which Sherlock spent by himself on the sofa, and John with Rosie in another room. The ‘yeah?’ during the day he’d seen blood in the mirror was the only word Sherlock had managed from John since he’d moved in.
“You’re gonna be alright, Sherlock,” John’s face reflected the agony Sherlock felt. He attempted to relieve some of the pain by massaging, but it wasn’t enough. “You’re gonna be fine...”
John first spoke to him only when the bruises first appeared on Sherlock’s body. Bruises that had signalled Moriarty's growing demonic influence over Sherlock.
It took fifteen minutes and a whole lot of grunts and hisses for Sherlock to narrate the list of Jim’s physical attacks and sleep disturbances, down to each incident and the exact timing. He reported the static when Jim communicated with him on the first day, the continuous spikes and drops in temperature, the bloody message, being woken up at 3 am every night, the scratches on his personal belongings and the stink of rotten flesh and the injuries he sustained thereafter.
“What’s wrong, Sherlock?” Mrs Hudson said anxiously. “Why were you…” She frowned. “You kept talking about Mary in your sleep and...” Her voice trailed off.
“And finally, no verbal communication,” Spaulding kept going, and Sherlock felt he was about to burst, “Write to him if it gets too much. Use an Ouija board, if necessary. That always irritates the hell out of a demon, if you’ll pardon the pun. The slower, the better. Nothing hinders true intimacy like long monologues with complicated words, if you catch my drift—”
He yanked Sherlock’s hair, twisting his head till they were all forcing him to look at John, who was in a sea of faceless people except the one flicking his face. The LEDs in the Semtex jacket around John’s torso kept blinking at Sherlock like a distant star. John’s jaw was tensed, his fists curled, and yet he made no sound as Magnussen kept flicking away at his eye, laughing softly with each impact. Every bone in Sherlock’s body screamed at him to stumble to his feet, to punch Magnussen away, to tear that jacket off of John’s body, but even with nothing holding him back, all he could do was watch in agony and helplessness.
He wished that his admission was brave, wished that he could look back on it once it was all over and be proud. It couldn't be brave, though, could it? Not with what he'd done. Everything that happened from that first letter on would be tainted with what he'd done, what he'd CHOSEN to do.
And, oh, the experiments. The second day Sherlock was at the house a large truck had lumbered up and the attic, John's attic, had been turned into a makeshift laboratory. Sherlock still slept there, when he did sleep, but now he also spent nearly every waking moment in the room. John couldn't wait for school to start back up so he could have some time alone.
'And I'm not the only one awake. But, no. No case at the moment. Lestrade said he had something for me, but today was rather busy,' Sherlock replied.
It had been three days, three days of trying to convince the man to move to a more suitable bedroom, and John was exhausted. He'd never met someone like this man, Sherlock. Nothing he did brought forth even a glimmer of fear. That, and he was conversing with Mrs Hudson.
"Well, that too, but I meant...I'm not used to loving someone. It's done something to my insides and I feel like I'm too big for my skin," Sherlock explained, breath coming quicker as he began to panic.
