He sat up and sighed. “Okay, fine. Today sucked because everyone found out who I was and would not stop surrounding me and trying to talk to me,” both Steve and Tony frowned at that, “I eventually had to go ask the principal for help which did kinda help. There wasn’t as many people coming up to me by the end of the day. Also I got annoyed by some of my… uh, acquaintances.”
When the tour ended and first period approached, Wade lead Peter back to his first period classroom to drop him off.
“Peter, you’ve had a rough past. Things are different now. You can be happy. You won’t hurt them, trust me. You just need to let yourself be happy.”
Peter got home from his big day out and decided to organize his room. He had a lot of clothes to put away, school supplies to organize, and few other random things for his room. It was starting to feel more like home.
Tony sighed defeatedly. “Alright. You can go to public school. I'll do some research and find a good one. And you'll be starting as soon as possible.”
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath to calm himself. He would still be anxious, but at least now he wasn't panicking.
After everything was sorted out, Peter flopped down onto his bed and pulled out his phone. This was the first time he actually used the thing. It was pretty useful. RAIN (he still thought the name was funny, but hey, he couldn't come up with a better one) could answer any stupid question he had. He downloaded plenty of games and music to entertain him when he was bored or didn't want to be left alone with his thoughts.
Tony saluted him before grabbing plates and heading to the table. Peter followed him with silverware, slightly giggling still.
His dream felt very similar to an early memory he had. He didn't know why he was having dreams of his parents all of a sudden. Sure, he thought about them sometimes, but he didn't dream about them. Was the dream supposed to mean something?
He didn’t get a chance to, though. Once again, Wade showed up and dragged him to his English class. Peter had no clue how he memorized his schedule already, but he was nonetheless grateful for his help.
When they reached his classroom, Wade said a quick, “Stay safe,” before walking off. Peter didn’t even have a chance to say anything even if he wanted before Wade was gone.
“I’m not sure. I guess I don’t want to tell that story to just anyone. It’s weird to spill your whole life story to a stranger, you know?” he admitted.
Steve was nervous for Tony’s response. He had no clue if Tony even wanted a kid. Plus they’re superheroes, and Tony might think they wouldn’t be able to raise a child because of their jobs.
Peter reluctantly got up. He would've been comfortable falling asleep on the couch, but he knew his bed would be much more comfortable.
Peter wasn't quite sure what he wanted. On one hand, he felt like his last name was the last connection he had to his old family. On the other hand, he wanted to be connected to his new family.
Sorry for the delayed update. I try to update 1-2 times a week, but I just didn't have a lot of time this week.
He picked up his bag and got in their car. He wasn't surprised that it was very expensive. Tony Stark was a billionaire after all.
Tony smiled and handed the tablet to Peter so he could look at the suit more. He watched the teen fawn over his suit until Steve finished cooking.
“Hey, I walked past Michelle on my way over here and she looks pissed,” he commented as he sat down, “I mean, she normally is when she sees me, but she looks more pissed than normal. And she’s not sitting over here. Did I miss something?”
“Peter, I know you're freaking out right now, but I need to you to take a deep breath and calm down. You're fine,” Alex told him.
Peter groaned out loud. He never meant to give Wade any hope. He wasn’t even sure if he’d ever be okay with dating after everything he’s been through. He managed to open up to his new family, but even that was a struggle.
Tony looked at him for a minute before deciding to give up. “Alright. If you do wanna talk, you know where my room is. And don't worry about waking me up, I barely sleep anyway.”
Peter relaxed slightly. “She just kept calling me a jerk because I was rude to her, Miles, and Ned because I don’t want to talk to them and be friends, which is ridiculous. Right?”
MJ crossed her arms and paused, seemingly deciding whether or not she wanted to even answer Peter’s questions.
He promptly grabbed Bucky’s hand and started dragging him towards the elevator, trying to get away before Steve could ask anymore questions.
Peter was grateful for MJ’s help, but he did wonder why she cared so much about him. She didn’t seem like the kind of person to make friend easily, but she seemed to like Peter already. It was a bit confusing for Peter, but he decided not to question it. He thought it was kinda nice to have someone like MJ around.
. Please feel free to message me to talk about my stories, ask for a sneak peek, or even make requests for to write! Thanks for reading.
Peter hesitantly agreed. He knew he'd never want to leave once he got there, but he agreed because it would make them happy, and he still had that tiny piece of hope inside him.
The elevator opened and Tony announced his arrival, expecting Peter to greet him, but he wasn’t there.
Suddenly, Monica spotted a shooting star streaking across the sky. She quickly sat and closed her eyes to make a wish. She knew exactly what she was wishing for.
“I can already tell you’re going to be smarter than me one day. You have the best of me and your mother. You’ll change the world in ways I could never even imagine.”
They reached the edge of the lake. Morgan bent down and dipped her fingertips in. The water was cool and felt nice the hot summer day.
The next day Peter was put into a foster home. Some man in a suit with a friendly smile, named Alex, explained to him what a foster home was while he drove him there. Peter stayed silent. He didn’t want to go to a foster home. He wanted to stay with Gwen and hug her forever.
in depth history of Asgard, Peter went on exploring the tower. He decided to head down to one of the labs. Peter loved science and technology, not that he really got the opportunity to explore that interest until now, so he was hoping to fool around a little. He hoped Tony wouldn’t mind.
“Hey Kiddo,” Tony greeted while walking over to Peter and ruffling his hair. “We just wanted to tell you that we made it back.”
“So, did Ned and Miles harass you with a million questions in chem?” MJ asked with a smirk, already knowing the answer.
“Leave him alone. You’re all bothering him. I’m sure he just wants to learn like the rest of us,” MJ harshly stated.
Peter was now watching Tony with even more curiosity, but Tony could tell he was trying to figure out if he should keep pushing.
Morgan, along with Tony, stepped off their front porch and onto the grass. She began to guide them towards the lake that was beside their house. They both loved the lake.
“That? It’s a project Tony and I have been working on for a bit.” He started walking over to it. Peter followed. “It’s a machine that can detect potential enhanced or ‘super’ people.”
On Peter’s last day of freedom, he got to spend the day doing pretty much whatever he wanted since his dads had work to do outside of the tower. They both felt really bad about it, but Peter assured them he would be okay. After all, the tower was the safest place in the city, and the other Avengers were still there.
“You don't have to. We may be superheroes to everyone, but really we're just normal people,” He paused and glanced at Tony and Clint, who were in a heated debate, “well, mostly normal people.”
“Maybe, but do you really wanna deal with Tony and T’Challa when they find out we lost the shield and they have to make him a new one.”
Both Steve and Tony were nervous when they returned the next day. They wanted the meeting to go well, and they were both nervous and surprised when they entered Alex’s office and didn’t see anyone else in the room.
It was a bit awkward, probably because they weren't sure what to do. Peter smiled, though. His parents would always say goodnight to him when he was a kid. He hadn't had that for a while.
So Tony told him the whole story of him being kidnapped in the cave, breaking free, and having to fight Obadiah. As the story progressed he gave more and more details, probably more than was appropriate for a child, but once he started he couldn’t bring himself to stop.
“Again, do I really need school?” Peter asked, “I could just stay here and you could teach me. And then I could work for you. I really wouldn’t even need school then.”
Peter sat nervously on the front porch of his foster home. He was waiting for Steve and Tony to come pick him up, and getting lost in his thoughts.
“Screw you, dude. I don’t care. Steve likes me. He’s not gonna get mad if he finds out I’ve borrowed his shield a few times when he wasn’t using it.”
I’m gonna do the best I can. I’m going to be the best hero, the best student, the best me I can be. I’m gonna try to make you proud, Mr. Stark.
“Regardless, you need to be more careful. Next time, it could be someone with bad intentions taking pictures of you,” MJ warned.
Peter later met up with his fathers for dinner. He walked into the room with a noticeable smile on his face.
He wasn’t quite sure what to refer to MJ, Miles, and Ned at first. The word received a odd look from both of his dads, but they quickly returned to concerned.
Steve nodded and headed for the elevator. On the ride up to his floor he wondered what excuse he was going to get from the pair.
Peter rolled his eyes. As much as he appreciated Wade helping him out, he didn’t like how “lovey-dovey” Wade acted towards him.
Peter could feel his panic getting worse and he knew he was about to have an anxiety attack. Luckily, he was saved by the person sitting beside him.
“Thanks, Ned. I’m just scared that they’re gonna expose me. Tony told me to lay low for the next few days while he tracks down who sent the text.”
Ned seemed a bit shocked by Peter’s response, but ended up nodding and leaving the conversation there. Peter was glad to finish gym class off quietly.
Peter frowned again. He really didn't like the thought of private school. All the kids were usually rich and stuck up, at least in his experience.
By the end of the night, Peter felt a lot more comfortable around everyone, except he was the most comfortable around Steve and Tony, which would make sense. He spent the most time with them, and they might eventually become his parents.
Peter was tired and leaned against Tony's shoulder. He thought about whether or not he'd actually get to live with the Avengers.
“I’m sorry. I’m a bit overwhelmed right now,” Peter apologized and took a deep breath to calm himself.
Peter was surprised by her attitude, but she seemed chill so he wouldn’t mind being friendly with her.
“My mother was the best. I loved her so much. She was always there for me and she always loved me. That’s the kind of parent I want to be, but her death broke my heart.”
“Peter, this is Wade Wilson,” the principal introduced, “He’s a junior and he will be showing you around. He’s a bit of a troublemaker, but you seem like a good kid, so hopefully that will rub off on him. Have a great first day.”
“They don’t care about that, Peter. Come on. Will you please meet them? If you don’t agree to this, I might have to bring them down here to meet you.”
When Peter walked into his new school, it was nearly empty due to the fact he had to show up early to talk to the principal and get a tour of the school. Peter walked quietly down the hallway, glancing around at his new school. It was cleaner and looked nicer than most public schools he’s been to. He was nervous to be there, though. It was permanent this time.
As soon as they entered his house, Peter began sobbing again. His Aunt held him in her arms until he calmed down.
When Peter woke up the next day, he was still dreading going to school, just less than the day before. He figured since nothing eventful happened yesterday, that he would just be the forgotten new kid like he wanted. He would only had to worry about his classes and socializing now.
The previous day was an eye opening experience for Peter. As much as he hated to admit it, he can’t handle being alone forever.
He quickly hopped out of his bed and ran to the kitchen, phone in hand. May gave him a quizzical look when she saw he was still in his Spider-Man suit, but Peter just shoved the phone into her hand.
Peter groaned. There was no way he was getting out of this. “Alright. Fine I’ll meet them, if you give them my file before the meeting. If they still want me after that, then I’ll meet them.”
“I’m from here, but I just moved recently and switched schools.” He tried to keep it vague because he really didn’t want to get into the whole adoption thing with these 2 guys he just met.
“If he wants to go to public school, then we should let him. We want him to be comfortable at school. And we can always talk to the school to make sure his identity stays hidden.”
“I’m Michelle, but my friends call me MJ,” she casually introduced herself as she looked Peter up and down.
Peter felt numb. First his parents died on his 5th birthday, and now his Aunt and Uncle died on his 8th birthday. Peter wanted to die himself. He couldn’t handle the sorrow that filled his body. Suddenly he feared for Gwen’s life.
“He might be difficult to take care of at times, but Peter’s a great kid. He’s smart, he’s kind, and I know once he gets a stable family, he’ll finally be able to let himself be happy and love again.”
That didn’t stop the two friends from attempting to whisper questions at him from time to time throughout the entire period. Peter didn’t say anything in response, though. He didn’t want to.
“Well, if you aren’t safe at school, then we’d have to look into other schooling options like private school or homeschooling.”
“Okay. I think I’ll stay down here until then,” Peter responded, but with a nervous tone like he was asking for permission.
Alex brought him back to reality. As he followed Alex down to his office, he felt anxiety spread through his body. He stopped walking, he couldn’t breathe.
All the people he ever loved in his life died, and Peter was convinced it was all his fault. He was dangerous to be around. He only brought death and suffering. He ran away from Gwen’s house. He couldn’t bare being in there any longer. He ran all the way home. Later the police showed up to talk to him. They all had sad looks on their faces because they knew this was the third time he was part of a murder case.
Steve wrapped his arm around Tony. “No. We had work. Just like normal parents. Besides he’s a teenage boy not a toddler.”
He was trapped because this time he couldn’t run away and skip school like he would’ve done before. He had to actually face this uncertainty. Peter almost wished he was someone who loved attention because then he would be having the time of his life. Instead, he was fighting off a panic attack as he and the principal exited his office to go meet up with a student who was going to give him a tour of the school before his first class.
Peter stayed in that house until the summer started. Peter wished he could forget what happened in that house, but he knew he never would. He was glad to leave.
Peter’s eyes drifted to the floor as he responded. “I don’t know. I guess not a lot of people like you pay attention to me, let alone be this nice to me.”
Peter breathed a sigh of relief when they all left and the teacher began class. He turned to MJ and whispered a quick “thank you” before turning his attention towards the teacher.
“Oh sweet! Your locker is near mine. Hopefully that means I’ll be able to see more of your beautiful face,” he commented with a cheesy smile and a wink.
Peter believed her, he really did. Unfortunately, he would find out later that Gwen broke her promise.
By the time he turned 15, Peter nearly died from alcohol poisoning twice, and tried to kill himself 7 times. When he couldn’t get alcohol, Peter became extremely depressed, he couldn’t bare thinking about all the death he caused so he tried to permanently end his suffering. Of course since the universe hated him, he survived every attempt.
“It's not your fault. You didn't kill them. Some messed up people out there did. They are to blame, not you,” Steve tried to comfort him.
Peter felt sad watching him drive away. He was saying goodbye to a big part of his life. A lot was about to change. He turned towards his parents.
“Peter is very difficult. He’s against being adopted in the first place, I thought you two could possibly change his mind, but he’s convinced you wouldn’t want him after you knew who he really is.”
Peter thought he was in the clear yesterday after making it through the whole day without anyone finding out who exactly he was. Apparently, someone had found out and now everyone knew.
“Congratulations, Peter!” they all shouted. Peter gasped and covered his mouth. There was so much love for him and he felt overjoyed.
Steve kissed his husband before letting him get back to work. He was excited for what would soon happen.
When he stepped into the hallway, he got surrounded yet again by a group of excited teens. Panic quickly started to set in, but he felt someone suddenly grab his arm and started pulling him through the crowd.
Peter dreaded answering his questions. He just wanted to work on the assignment. He thought Miles and Ned were both nice people, but he wasn’t interested in making friend while they clearly were. He still wanted to be nice, though, so he did answer Ned’s questions.
“I’m glad you think I’m attractive, Peter, but I’m not jock,” Wade replied, still laughing slightly, “I’m what a cheesy high school movie would call an ‘outcast.”
Alex’s face lit up. “I think I know the perfect kid. His name’s Peter, you’ll love him. Why don't you two come back tomorrow to meet him?”
When they got there, Peter explained the situation to the principal who was also very sympathetic. He decided he would make an announcement right away making sure students would know that they’d receive detention if they continued to mob him. Peter wasn’t sure how effective that would be, but it was better than nothing, and he was grateful for any help.
Peter didn't want to bother them. JARVIS didn't respond, so Peter assumed he wouldn't tell Steve or Tony.
Tony leaned over and gave his son a quick hug before replying with, “Hi, Pete. How was your weekend?”
Eventually everyone settled down and watched the movie. Peter felt relaxed now that everyone was focused on the movie. He also felt somewhat safe sitting between Steve and Tony.
After a few laps of slow jogging, Peter suddenly felt a hand grab his arm and pull him under the bleachers. He panicked at first, and was preparing to yell for help when he saw Ned.
Tony was glad something good could come out of his horrible past. If he could take his past experiences and use them to help his son, he would happily do so.
The last time Peter saw his parents was on the morning of his 5th birthday. They dropped him off at his Aunt May and Uncle Ben’s house. They kissed him on the cheek and promised they’d all celebrate his birthday after the came home from work.
“Oh god, can you imagine us with a toddler?” Tony imagined the horror show in his head. He pictured screaming, crying, and so, so many diapers.
Eventually they arrived at the Avengers Tower. He stared in amazement at the building. It looked so much more impressive up close.
He lead Peter down to his workshop. He had been recently working on a new Iron Man suit and he figured that Peter would be interested in helping him or watching him work on it.
When Peter arrived home after school, he found his floor completely empty. His dads and the Avengers were nowhere to be seen, which was odd because for as long as Peter has lived in the tower, it was never totally empty. He didn’t really mind, though, because after the crappy day he had at school, all he wanted to do was be alone for bit.
Peter retreated to his room and laid down on his bed, staring up at the ceiling. He began to wonder why everyone had made such a big deal about him not having friends today.
This new family seemed nice at first. They didn’t have strict rules like the first 2 houses did, which Peter liked. He thought he would be fine staying in this house. At least he thought that until nighttime. Once it turned night, his new foster father snuck into his bed, and stole Peter’s innocence.
As the object she no longer believed to be shooting star raced towards her, she stood up and quickly started backing away before it landed in front of her on her blanket.
“He’s biased! You know what…” Clint reached behind his ears and did some sort of weird hand movement before crossing his arms and looking away.
“Ok, well it's definitely late, and I have a meeting in the morning, so I think it's time to go,” Pepper said while standing up and silently pushing in her chair, “Bye Tony. Again, nice meeting you Peter.” She waved at them both before heading towards the elevator. Peter and Tony both waved back at her.
Steve and Tony eventually said goodbye to Peter, and headed back home. Neither of them could stop smiling. Steve wrapped his arms around his husband.
MJ looked genuinely ashamed and upset. Peter was surprised to see her like that. It was a new side to her, but he was also very glad to find out it was all a joke. He was terrified something bad would come of the text, but knowing it was just friend made the whole situation better.
The beginning of October came and Peter continued to lose hope. He was convinced Steve and Tony changed their minds about him. And he was so convinced of this that when Alex showed up at his foster house one day, he automatically thought Alex was coming to tell him that Steve and Tony changed their minds. He braced himself for bad news, but he never got it.
For her 14th birthday, which was about a month after Peter’s, Gwen wanted him to celebrate with her. He didn’t really like the thought of it at first. He pictured lots of people, he hated being social, and he remembered the past two birthday parties he had. Both ending in murder. He finally agreed after Gwen promised it would just be them and that they’d be safe.
This room was better than any of the ones he had in a foster home. Peter already didn't want to leave and he just arrived.
Peter glanced over a bit surprised. He wasn’t quite sure how to feel about the fact that MJ considered him a friend already, but she did just defend him a few minutes ago. He decided not to think too hard about it and focused his attention on class yet again.
“Definitely,” he responded with enthusiasm that matched Steve and Tony’s as he followed them inside.
Peter was glad that went over smoothly and handed over his schedule. Once Wade began walking, Peter started following him around like a lost puppy. Their first stop was at his locker.
“Can I stay down here with you? Or are you working?” Peter didn’t want to invade Bruce’s space, but he still wanted do some experimenting.
“Nice to meet you, Peter!” Ned smiled enthusiastically. “Where are you from? Did you just move here?”
They both laid back down. Peter had begun to doze off when he heard a weird noise. He sat up and looked around the room. He noticed the window was open and he panicked. Suddenly a hand covered his mouth before he could scream.
Despite the lack of people approaching Peter throughout the morning, he still felt kind of miserable and he didn’t quite know why, but he actually noticed himself feeling somewhat happy when Wade joined him for lunch.
He gave himself a minute to calm his nerves before leaving the car, walking up to the front door, and knocking on it.
Peter began to worry while his mind wandered on what would happen when he encountered people throughout the day. The tower was a safe place for him. He noticed paparazzi outside sometimes, but they couldn’t get in. And they were likely there before he was adopted. They also never gave him, Steve, and Tony trouble when they went out as a family because they left from a hidden area. Peter had no experience dealing with a situation like the one he was now in and that terrified him.
Tony smiled. “Actually, I found one that I think you’ll like. It’s called Marvel High. It’s not too far from the tower, it’s a public school like you wanted, and it offers a high quality education.”
“They’re all normal human beings. They do human things. Except Thor. I’m pretty he’s an alien that looks like a human.”
“Okay, I promise. No saving the universe until college,” she tried her best to say with a straight face.
“My birth parents died when I was young. Then my aunt and uncle adopted me. They died, too. And then my best friend died. I can’t shake the fear that they could die, too. The tower is safe, but I have no clue what’s going on out there. I don’t think I could handle losing them, too. And I’m worried about what would happen to me if they died. I can’t go back to foster care.”
When Peter woke up, he glanced towards the window to see that it was considerably darker out then when he arrived home. He figured his dads would be back by now and eating dinner, so Peter groggily dragged himself out of bed and headed for the kitchen. He was surprised, worried, and a bit upset to find it empty still.
He also decided that the fear of being alone was worse than his fear of loved ones dying. He was going to get answers about his family's and Gwen’s deaths, and he hoped that could finally put his fears to rest. Even if it didn’t, though, Peter was so tired of being alone, and he had actually found a few decent people at this school. He took a chance on Steve and Tony, and he could see that the universe had given him another chance, but it was quickly slipping away from him. His last leap of faith completely turned his life around for the better, so Peter didn’t want to lose this one.
He sat up quickly. He had another nightmare about Gwen. He couldn't stop himself from sobbing. He kept reliving her death, and every time he wasn't able to stop it from happening. The guilt was killing him.
“Steve and Tony made a new will after they adopted you. If they both die, I or one of the other Avengers will become your new guardian. And they left the tower to you as well. You will always have a home and family, Peter, but you don’t need to worry about that anyway. Both of your dads are very stubborn,” she chuckled, “they’re not going anywhere anytime soon. Okay?”
“I’m sorry, kiddo. That’s just how people are. I wish we could help, but the only option at this point would be to switch schools,” Tony offered.
Oh, and school is pretty weird now. Everyone who was dusted is the same age as when they left, but everyone who wasn’t has aged. I see people from my high school around town occasionally but they’re adults. And now we’re going to school with a bunch of kids we don’t know. It’s really weird, but at least my best friends are still with me.
A few months after living with his Aunt and Uncle, Peter started school. He excelled in class, but he didn’t make any friends. After his teacher talked to his Uncle and Aunt about his antisocial behavior, and they decided to take Peter to a psychiatrist. He was diagnosed with depression, and given medicine to help him.
“I’m not sure where he keeps his shield. I haven’t actually seen it yet. And his suits are in his lab.”
You created amazing suits for me. Every time I wear one, I think of you. Actually, every time I go out on patrol, or team up with the Avengers, I think of you. You’re my biggest inspiration and everyday I hope I can do even a fraction of the good you’ve done. I know I’ll never be able to be just like you, but I try everyday to do better because of you.
“You were cool up until like Tuesday, and then you just started acting like a jerk. That’s just towards me. You’ve been a jerk from the beginning with Ned and Miles. What’s your problem, dude?”
Peter nodded silently. He was happy about the hearing, but he knew school would come next, and that stressed him the hell out.
“I know. I'll do my best,” he promised, knowing it would be hell to stay here for however long it would be until he was adopted. He was willing to bear it, though, because he knew it would pay off. Soon he'd be living with Steve and Tony in the Avengers Tower and everything would be okay.
The first day of school he said hello to the girl sitting next to him in class. She had long blonde hair and a pretty smile.
Surprisingly, Peter held it no problem; it almost felt like it was made of styrofoam or something. He turned it over and saw it was a 50 pound weight. Peter dropped the weight in shock and it landed on Thor’s foot.
“Shit! Sorry! I didn’t mean to!” Peter quickly apologized, hoping Thor wouldn’t be mad. He didn’t even flinch, though.
Steve and Tony have been married for 3 years now and they loved every second of it. They were in love, they had a huge family, which were the rest of the Avengers, and their lives were great. Their lives were great, and Steve wanted to share that with someone else. He wanted a kid.
“Anything. You can tell me what you’re thinking about if you want, or we can talk about something totally different.”
Peter sighed. “Yeah, kinda. She got really mad at me earlier and said some things and I guess now she doesn’t want to be near me. I don’t really care, though.”
“I’m just trying to help you out. I don’t want you to end up like me. Once you get to be my age, no one wants to adopt you. I want you to be happy and have a family.”
Hey there! Sorry for the long wait, but here's the new chapter. I've been feeling great lately, so I hope I can post chapters every few weeks. We'll see though!
“Fine. I’ll do it for Steve. Next time don’t threaten me and try start a fight, and then maybe I’ll be more inclined to say yes.”
Steve grabbed Tony’s hand and smiled. He was glad that Peter agreed. He was worried that they wouldn't be able to convince him, but he was actually giving them a chance.
The longer they talked to Peter, the more they wanted him. He was so much like the both of them. Smart, kind, and brave. They wanted him to be a part of their family so much.
“Surprise! I found a couple that wants to adopt you,” he told Peter with a smile, not knowing the news was the opposite of what Peter wanted.
Steve scoffed and turned back to his cooking. “I may be older than you, but I look younger,” he shot back jokingly.
Peter nodded. “Okay, yeah. I want to be adopted.” He smiled as Steve and Tony came over and gave him a big hug. They looked so happy.
“Well, I have no clue how long the adoption process takes, but we're gonna get started right away,” Steve told him.
“Peter! How are you?” Thor asked cheerily, while lifting up something that looked ridiculously heavy.
“Sorry,” Peter apologized, but clung to her for another minute. He needed his heart to relax and he needed a bit of human contact.
Tony smiled down at Peter and pulled him into a side hug. “If you want to work with me once you finish high school, then I’m all for it, but you unfortunately need to finish school. Your father and I both did.”
Life was pretty much boring and routine for Peter. He still had nightmares and some days where he did need to drink the pain away or else he would hurt himself, but mostly it was just the same. Going to school, and switching foster homes every few months. He also figured at this point, since he was 15, he wasn’t going to be adopted. He was fine with that, he didn’t want to be adopted anyway. He would only end up disappointing whoever thought they wanted him. Plus Peter vowed to himself, he would never let himself love anyone ever again. He couldn’t be responsible for another death.
He couldn’t handle the rejection he knew he’d get. Good things didn’t happen to him. There was no way in hell some couple just wanted to adopt and love him. It was never that simple.
Peter shrugged. Wade seemed to be prepared to be his actual bodyguard if he asked, and most of the kids backed off after the principal’s announcement.
“Someone had a good day,” Steve commented with a teasing tone and set a plate down in front of Peter.
Walking in the tower knowing it was now his home felt so much different than last time he was here. He felt so comfortable and safe.
The next day, Peter was disappointed to find that his dads still weren’t back from their mission, but Pepper tried her best to make up for it by making Peter anything he wanted for breakfast, and he chose pancakes. They ended up tasting great and surprisingly did cheer him up a bit.
Peter glared at Wade before walking into his classroom. He might’ve actually considered being friends, or at the very least friendly, with Wade if he hadn’t gotten so weird and crazy out of nowhere. He began to understand why Wade called himself an outcast.
Peter almost lied to them, but he knew they knew the truth. There was just no point in lying at this point.
Peter sighed dramatically. If he started talking about everything that happened, it would take a while, and he wasn’t sure he had the energy for that. Also, he was concerned about what his dads would do when they found out he had been repeatedly mobbed by students throughout the day.
Peter didn’t really want to explain himself, so he began walking again as he offered a simple reply. “I’m just not interested in dating right now. Can we continue with the tour?”
“Wait, what?” Tony blurted out. He wasn’t expecting to have that information just dropped on him, especially from Peter and not Steve himself.
Finally, the period Peter had been dreading arrived; Lunch. He was dreading walking into the cafeteria and finding a place to eat. He didn’t exactly have any friends saving him a seat at their table. He was also worried about running into Wade. He wanted to avoid him like the plague.
He actually talked to Pepper about his situation the night before to get some advice since he couldn’t ask his dads or his therapist. She was very insightful, though, and helped Peter realized that he was acting a bit rude, albeit unintentionally. He didn’t ask for any advice on how to fix the situation, though. He felt like he had thrown enough on her already, so he was stuck with fixing the situation on his own despite the fact he had absolutely no clue how to do that.
“Is something wrong? You know you can talk to me, right? Or if you prefer, Steve.” Tony sounded just like a concerned dad.
Wade was obviously disappointed - his face showed it - but he caught up to Peter and continued on with the tour for another minute before he suddenly stopped again. Peter paused as well and turned to Wade, wondering why they were stopping yet again.
“And I’m glad I’m back. You’ve gotten so big since I last saw you,” he chuckled, “How old are you now?”
Outside, there was blond haired teen leaning against the wall with an attitude that made it obvious he’d rather be anywhere else but here.
“You know we don't want you to forget about your old family, right? They were a big part of your life and you don't have to feel like you need to erase them to be a part of this family. We love you, Peter,” Tony comforted.
Peter was about to shove the person away, but he noticed it was Wade. For once, he was happy to see him. He guided him all the way to his chemistry class, making sure no one got too close. Peter repeatedly thanked him in his head, not willing to inflate Wade’s ego by actually thanking him aloud.
Peter looked down and spotted the friendship bracelet Gwen had given him when they were kids. He never took it off, so sometimes he forgot it was there. He took a moment to straighten it and remember the moment Gwen had given it to him.
Tony turned around and was a bit surprised to see him, but still smiled. Peter thought he might be upset to see him up so late, but apparently not.
Morgan let out a quiet sob and few tears as she turned off the Iron Man helmet and removed it. She held to against her chest as she cried. It had been 9 years since she had last seen her father, and she couldn’t believe she had actually managed to bring him back in a sense. He was just as perfect and loving and funny as she remembered him, too.
When they would ask again if he wants them to adopt him, he would have to say no. It would be painful, but he had to do it. Peter frowned.
“Sorry to interrupt,” Alex called out, “Peter, I just want to say that this will probably be the last time we see each other, so I’d like to wish you the best and remind you that you do deserve to be happy.”
He got up and hugged them both. He let go before he knew he would get emotional. They smiled at him.
Peter shrugged. He honestly didn’t really care if he had any friends. He had two loving parents and a home. That’s all he ever really wanted in life.
Peter was amazed he finally got to see JARVIS. Well not really see, but he really admired all of Tony’s inventions, especially his AI. He wondered if he could fool around with him later.
“Okay, breakfast is ready. Put the tablet away Tony,” Steve commanded while he set down plates of food on the table.
Lunch was the worst for Peter. As usual, all eyes were on him as he entered the lunchroom, but this time was especially embarrassing. He was forced to walk past MJ, Wade, Ned, and Miles sitting at a table of their own, ignoring him - except for Wade who gave him a look of pity.
Then they started to play games. They had been playing hide-and-go-seek for about an hour when they both heard multiple gunshots being fired downstairs. He ran to Gwen and hugged her until he heard them stop. They were both crying as they walked down the stairs.
His teacher approached him to shake his hand and introduce himself. “I’m Mr. Clarke. Welcome to Marvel High. I hope you have a good time here.”
“You know you don't have to worry about being greedy. We can get you pretty much anything you'd need, or want,” Steve reassured him after he hesitated to speak.
Peter was elated to see the Avengers Tower. His first day wasn’t that bad, but home was definitely better than school, at least it was now.
Peter sighed. He had to get up and go to school. This was his life now. He couldn’t skip because he didn’t feel like showing up, or go in late because he wanted to sleep in. He had to be a good student now, so he got up and got ready before heading to the kitchen.
He silently snuck back into his room and laid down on his bed. He glanced at the clock sitting on his night stand.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Pete,” Tony replied softly, “We probably should’ve texted you or something before we headed out.”
“Yeah. I moved here over the summer. I’ve had trouble making friends so far,” she said the last part quietly.
“Dad, it’s not just that. People are always coming up to me asking about you guys and the Avengers. I’m so sick of it!” he exclaimed.
“Yeah, of course. He was my best friend and the love of my life. It still feels weird sleeping in my bed alone, and him not being there to make us breakfast every morning, but we divorced for a reason. It’s weird to hear about him dating, you know?”
“Random Artificial Intelligence Name. Listen, she needed a name and I didn't have a lot of time. You try coming up with AI names.”
By the time me they sat down to eat, Peter no longer felt nervous around them. He was too happy to worry about the consequences of getting too close to them, at least for now. He just wanted to enjoy the feeling of being part of family, even though they weren't really a family yet. It was something he hadn't felt for a long time.
He grabbed Gwen’s hand and they walked into the livingroom. She screamed and Peter fell to his knees and began sobbing. His Aunt and Uncle were lying dead, and bloody on the floor. Gwen dropped down on her knees and hugged Peter. They both cried until police showed up. Someone had called the cops for them.
Peter cried for a bit longer. He eventually broke away from his Aunt’s arms and silently walked up to his bedroom. They gathered his things and took a few of his parents’ things. They managed to make it home without another breakdown from Peter.
Peter continued to be eternally grateful for Wade’s presence when lunchtime came. He made sure they got the table in the back corner that Peter liked, and he turned away anyone who attempted to sit at the table without Peter’s permission. At this point, Wade had become Peter’s favorite person at Marvel High, not that he would ever say that to Wade’s face. Again, it would only make Wade more unbearable.
“I’m fine, Wade,” he replied making the annoyance in his voice clear. It didn’t phase Wade at all, though.
“Peter, this is a good thing. They’re a great couple, I think you’d really like them, plus it’s really hard to find people that wanted to adopt kids like you.”
Peter rested his head on the table and sighed. He was now staring at the wine bottle Tony and Pepper had been drinking earlier. He was tempted to steal it, take it back to his room, and down it, but he resisted. That was something he would do back when he was a foster kid with a horrible life. He had a family now and he wanted to be better.
Once Peter had started high school, he stopped drinking as much. He felt numb and focused all his energy on school instead of the deaths he caused.
Sometime in the afternoon, Gwen knocked on his front door. She had a present in her hands. Peter let her inside and they ran off to go play his bedroom.
He groaned internally and tossed his phone towards the end of his bed. He always got in his own head and he had no clue why. Life was good for once and he should just be enjoying it, yet here he was, trying to figure out how it was going to get ruined.
“Well, Peter, while I’m glad this was a harmless joke, it’s kinda obvious you’re not that good at hiding your secret if MJ could just take a picture of you changing into your suit without you noticing,” Ned pointed out.
Monica looked up her mom with a huge smile on her face. “I made a wish on a shooting star that you’d come home, and you did! Except, I think you were the shooting star.”
Peter eventually crawled under one of the tables in the lab, then froze when he saw a bright-colored spider on the ground in front of him. Peter wasn’t fond of spiders, but he wasn’t scared of them. He decided he would go crawl somewhere, but the spider had other plans. Before Peter could crawl out from under the table, the spider crawled up his arm. He shook his arm in an attempt to get the spider off of him, and that’s when the spider bit him.
He promised himself he would start to be more careful and aware of his surroundings next time he went to change into his suit. He was just really happy to learn his secret was safe and he could go back to being Spider-Man. He had people to help.
“Sure. That sounds great. Thank you,” Steve said with a voice Tony knew was hiding most of his excitement.
He decided he should head back to his room before Steve or Tony woke up. He didn't want to worry them.
“Well, we’re still building it. And we need a database of known enhanced people to help it tell the difference.”
When Peter was dragged out of the van, he was taken into a lab. He recognized it. It was his parents’ old lab. He was strapped down to a table. He felt a needle go into his arm, and then he felt sleepy. When he woke up, he was on the porch of Gwen Stacy’s house. Gwen’s dad found him and asked him what happened. All Peter could think about was Gwen.
“We might be meeting our son tomorrow!” Steve sounded like he might explode because he was so happy.
Peter listened to the story intently, though. He seemed genuinely interested in know more about his father and letting him vent.
“What if you come and visit the tower for day? You could meet everyone, I'll show you my lab, and we could show you your room.”
“Oh, I know I dramatic,” he countered, “but I’m also right. Don’t think I don’t know that you’ve rebuilt my old suit already.”
The next few minutes of lunch went by smoothly. Mj read her book, Peter ate his lunch, and Ned and Miles were discussing some new video game. Peter was actually enjoying his calm lunch until Wade made an appearance.
Peter sat down and grabbed his lunch from his bag. Steve had made it for him this morning, but apparently he had snuck a surprise note in there while Peter wasn’t looking.
I will be posting sneak peaks for new chapters and new fics on there, and only there. You guys are also free to ask me questions about any of my stories or really anything on there. You can also send me prompts and characters to write about if you want. So please go check it out.
By the time Peter got to gym class, the day felt like it had been dragging on forever. He was so ready to go home, but unfortunately he was being forced to run laps around the gym.
The door opened and Alex walked in. He was ready leave, but that wasn't happening. He was shocked when Alex told him that they still wanted to meet him.
“Switching schools wouldn’t even help. People still know about you guys. Is quitting school an option?”
“Is he your personal bodyguard now, Peter?” There was only the slightest hint of annoyance in her voice.
Then he turned to Tony and announced he was ready to leave. Steve turned toward Tony and stuck out his hand for a parting handshake, but Tony went in for a hug instead. Everyone seem shocked by that, Tony included, but he finally felt good about his relationship with Steve again. He got the closure he needed, and he had his best friend back. Life was good again.
“Technically, she's agender, but I guess you could say she's a girl. It doesn't matter, though. She's an AI,” he replied pointedly to his husband.
“It’s going to be okay, Peter. Your dads have fought aliens from outer space and won. Missions like that don’t happen often. I don’t think you will have to worry about them dying for a long time. And you don’t have to worry about going back to foster care. Everything will be okay. I promise.”
Once he reached his floor, he walked down the hallway and up to his closed bedroom door. He could hear Sam and Bucky quietly arguing on the other side of the door for a minute before it opened. Steve stood in front of them with his arms crossed and serious expression on his face.
‘I was perfectly fine without any friends these last handful of years, so obviously everyone is wrong.’ He didn’t find himself quite as convincing as he wanted, though.
“I don’t know, they never tell me when May is behind me. That’s how she found out. I don’t think they work on like family and friends.”
Peter sighed and grabbed the handle. He tried to lift his arm. The hammer didn't budge. He gave up and sat back down.
I’m actually starting to feel better now. I didn’t think writing this letter would actually help, but I almost feel like I’m ranting about my day to your voicemail all over again. I think I might just pretend I am because then at least I know you’ll see? hear? this.
Later that day, Alex picked him up from the tower. He was very happy to hear that Peter was ready to be adopted.
Peter had few memories of his parents and his life before their death, but they were all good memories. He remembered a big house, lots of toys, and loving parents, who were scientists. His favorite memories of parents were when they brought him to their lab. He didn’t remember what his parents were working on, he could only remember crawling around, playing with toys, and one memory with a spider.
For Peter’s 8th birthday, he invited Gwen over to his house. He hadn’t celebrated his birthday since his parents’ death, but this year he actually wanted to. He felt like he could actually be as happy as he had been before their death.
The lab was empty when he entered. He asked Jarvis for a mini tour so he would know where everything was, but just as Peter was about to start fooling around with some chemicals, he noticed something in the corner Jarvis didn’t point out.
Peter’s next class was chemistry, and he was unfortunately paired up with 2 very talkative, overly-friendly boys to work on a lab assignment with.
“We can change my name to Peter Parker Rogers-Stark. Parker doesn't really sound like a last name anyway.”
Repeatedly, Clint tried to get Bruce introduce “the big green guy” or “the jolly green giant” to Peter. Peter thought at one point, he would actually hulk out and punch Clint, but thankfully he didn't.
After about a month, his foster family wanted him gone. Peter was happy to leave, only he wasn’t aware that if he were kicked out of this house, he’d just end up in another one.
After a few seconds, Wade sighed and finally turned towards Peter, looking very disinterested at first. Peter on the other hand, was trying to keep himself from blushing like a little school girl. Once he could see Wade’s face, he began to feel super self conscious. He was very attractive with his bright blue eyes and his perfectly messy hair. Peter had never felt attracted to someone as quickly as he did now. He had small crushes here and there, but his problems with allowing himself to love and trust people prevented himself from dating or even letting himself explore the possibilities of being with anyone. Right now, he blamed his feelings on the fact that his dads had started making him open up more, even if it was just slightly.
His foster parents wanted him gone after the police came, thinking he would cause them more trouble in the future. Peter didn’t care. He was filled with sorrow and convinced he’d never be happy again. It’s not like he even deserved to be happy anyway. The universe gave him 3 clear examples of this.
After his dads left, Peter awkwardly sat alone in the living room watching tv. He had the freedom to do whatever, but he still felt like an outsider in his own home.
,” Tony sarcastically responded for Peter, causing Steve to give him a disapproving look, and Peter to giggle.
Peter frowned. He saw how hopeful they both were. He didn't want to disappoint them, but he couldn't let them adopt him. It was too dangerous. He shook his head.
Tony laughed at his enthusiasm. It made him happy to know that Peter genuinely enjoyed spending time with him.
At this point, Peter realised he just had to just go over and apologize to them. He knew if even if they were still upset, at least they would know he was sorry, and maybe they would consider forgiving him.
Peter sighed in frustration. High school was hard enough, but all of people bothering him about his family made it infinitely harder, and he didn’t know what to do at this point. He just wanted to be left alone and have a normal life, but deep down he knew it would never be normal; it would never be like it was before.
Once Peter calmed down, they set him on a chair. He saw them whispering in the corner. He couldn’t remember what they were talking about, but he saw the worried looks on their faces. He looked at the spider bite on his arm, now covered by a bandage. He didn’t think the bite was a big deal, besides the fact that it really hurt.
Peter sat alone in the back of the classroom at a random desk waiting for class to actually start. He looked around the classroom and watched as students slowly began to trickle in. A few glances were thrown his way due to the fact that he was someone new, but no one really seem interested in approaching him. Peter assumed that was because he usually gave off a ‘please don’t look at me or talk to me’ vibe. He didn’t mind the lack of attention, though. He preferred to be invisible for the most part.
Gwen looked horrified but kept her mouth shut. The men dragged Peter to the window. One climbed through, the other tossed Peter out of it. He was grabbed again, and the other man hopped out. He was then gagged and dragged to a van. Suddenly he heard Gwen’s voice shouting for her father. One of the men grabbed his gun and walked back towards the house. Peter started sobbing. He would’ve begged them to stop if he could speak.
Peter nodded, but Pepper’s words only slightly eased his anxiety. He hated knowing that there was a chance that his dads wouldn’t make it home alive. His past only amplified his fears more. Even worse was the thoughts of what would happen to him if his dads died - like would he go back to foster care? Would another Avenger adopt him? It made him feel sick to his stomach.
For dinner, it was just Peter, Steve, and Tony. They told Peter that he would have a chance to hang out with the rest of the Avengers later.
“How cute,” Steve commented, smiling, as they both walked into the kitchen. “Now come eat so we can get to school on time.”
“What?” Peter blurted out in shock. He nearly fell over, but he caught himself and quickly sat down on his bed.
Monica immediately ran forward and threw herself into her mom’s arm. She also couldn’t help tearing up a bit. Carol hugged her tightly and placed a kiss on the top of her head.
Steve turned his head slightly and made a somewhat disappointed face. “Well, you might make friends in the future, and even if you don't, you can always text us. I may not look tech-savvy, but I can use a phone.”
Here’s something I know you’d love to hear, Captain America is super old now. Well, technically there’s a different Captain America now, but you know what I mean. I guess he decided to stay in the past, but now he’s actually like 100 or something. It’s kinda crazy.
“Hey kid,” he looked up at Tony, “ we know what happened, and you should know that will never happen again.”
Peter couldn’t control his panic. He thrashed around and accidentally kicked Gwen’s bed. She slowly woke up. Once she realized what was going on, a man stood beside her with a gun to her head. Peter tried to scream.
“This is the very first Stark Phone. And it's all yours! You can do just about anything with it; listen to music, play games, take pictures, text, etc. It even has its own custom AI, RAIN.”
“Uh, yeah. I'm fine. I just get worried when people start fighting. Bad things usually happen when people fight.”
When she opened her eyes she tried to spot the shooting star again. She was surprised to find the shooting star much bigger than it was a few seconds ago, and it looked like it was heading straight for her.
He felt Tony put his arm on his shoulder. Peter sighed and looked back up at them. They looked worried. They looked like they really cared.
an asshole. You seemed cool so I thought ‘Why not hang out with this kid? He’s new and doesn’t know anybody. I know that feeling.’ I’m not dying to be your friend like the rest of the school, Peter. You act like a poor loner orphan kid, but really you’re just a privileged asshole with a big ego. I don’t need that in my life.” With that she turned in her seat and faced the front of the classroom.
There was a light knock on Peter's door before Steve stepped into the room. Peter sat up and looked over at his dad.
Peter wasn’t really into social media, so he really had no idea how big the news of his adoption was. Maybe no one cared, he knew he probably wouldn’t, but considering the fact that the Avengers were celebrities, people probably cared too much.
Wade started laughing loudly, and this caused Peter to feel insecure. He wondered if Wade was just messing around with him like others had in the past.
Clint scoffed. “No way in hell Thor can lift the Hulk. He’s huge! And Thor is like normal human sized.”
Peter rushed over and practically threw himself into her arms. He was relieved that it was someone he knew and someone he knew his dads trusted wholeheartedly.
“Of course! Come and sit. I have much to tell,” Thor said enthusiastically as he sat down on the floor.
“Uh, well, I don’t really have much to say. I mean they’re superheroes, don’t you already know like everything about them?”
Steve and Tony headed down to the lab and were very surprised by what they walked into. Peter was sitting on the edge of one of the work tables, swinging his legs back and forth, listening intently to Bruce explain his work. He seemed relaxed, interested, and genuinely happy. They stood silently watching for moment because this was the first time they had seen Peter so happy.
Peter only sat alone for a minute before he was joined by MJ. She didn’t say anything this time, though. She just sat, pulled out her book and started eating her lunch. Peter didn’t mind her, though, since she just sat there doing her own thing while he did his.
Sam jumped in his seat and grab his chest in shock. He turned towards the frantic man in the doorway with a death glare on his face.
English class was very interesting. The same girl from Peter’s math class sat next to him again, although this time she wasn’t reading, so Peter got a better look at her face.
“Sorry, but it is your fault that I have to go to school,” Peter said while he and Tony started walking towards the kitchen. “I wanted to stay here and work with you.” Peter gave Tony a slight pout.
Once they were certain he was fine, they went back to eating. There was awkward silence for a minute.
Also, thank you for everything you’ve done for me. I honestly still don’t know why you chose to find me and mentor to me back in 2016, but I will be eternally grateful for that. I was a scared, confused kid with powers I would’ve never imagined having, and you helped me become a real hero.
Tony ruffled Peter's hair as he downed the rest of his drink. He set the glass back down on the table and then headed towards the hallway.
Peter angrily sighed to himself and rolled onto his side. He decided to sleep to pass the time, and to ignore his thoughts.
Peter quickly got to his seat in the back of the class, but that still didn’t help the situation at all. Everyone kept looking at him and whispering. At this point Peter wanted nothing more than to disappear, but since that was impossible, he instead looked down at his desk, desperately hoping everyone would leave him alone and class would start.
“We wanted a kid that wouldn't likely get adopted by someone else, you know? Like a troubled kid or something,” Tony explained.
Steve and Tony both got up and hugged him. Peter usually didn't like unwanted hugs, but this time they actually felt somewhat comforting.
Peter started to worry that their argument would escalate and he'd get in trouble for it. It's happened many times before. He sat silent and hoped they wouldn't get mad at him.
“Thanks for having me tonight, Steve. It was a lovely evening, and it was good to see you again. And to meet Bucky.”
“I know you didn’t do the homework because you’re new, but I don’t feel like talking to any of those idiots,” she explained.
“Hi. I’m Gwen Stacy,” she smiled and stuck out her hand for him to shake. He reached out and shook her hand.
He wondered if Steve and Tony would force him to get up early or would let him sleep in as long as he pleased. He hoped for the latter.
Peter tried to come up with some response, but he just remained silent. He felt like he might disappoint his dads if he kept his name, but he wasn't sure if he was ready for a new one.
He heard the gun go off just once. He squeezed his eyes shut and sobbed harder. He prayed this was just a nightmare, but it wasn’t.
By the end of class, Peter was feeling more upset and confused than angry, but he decided to just ignore those feelings and move on with his life. He didn’t need or want any friends so there was no point in getting hung up about MJ.
He had tried really hard to keep the whole Spider-Man thing a secret because he didn’t want to put himself, May, or his friends in danger. He’s seen what happened to the rest of the Avengers, and he knew he didn’t want that for himself.
Sam and Bucky were shocked to find Steve waiting for them. They quickly glanced at each other nervously before Bucky spoke up.
Peter sighed and then rubbed his eyes. Once he reopened them, he noticed the sun beginning to rise. He sat there for most of the night.
Both Ned and Miles seemed a bit disappointed that Peter didn’t really seem interested in talking to them, so they all worked on the assignment and talked mainly to each other until the end of class. Peter was very grateful to hear the bell when the period ended. Ned and Miles were nice, but they were very draining for Peter.
Peter stayed on the floor until he calmed down. He wiped the tears off his face, he didn’t even realise he’d been crying.
Peter was amazed he survived meeting the other Avengers. He followed Tony and Steve down the hall. There were plenty of rooms, and he wondered what they were for.
During one of the conversations they were having, Peter remembered looking over at Steve. He was smiling at Tony. Peter also noticed that Tony would look over to Steve occasionally and return his smiles.
Steve smiled. “That’s great! We’ll have to talk more about this tomorrow, but that’s great. I love you, Tony.”
“No, don’t apologize, Peter. I’m more than happy to help you when you need me. Are you feeling better now?”
Peter turned to Wade and suddenly felt very small next to him. He was fairly muscular and almost a full head taller than Peter. He also looked like he was one of those stuck-up jock kids that just seemed to be in every school. Peter wondered if this guy was just gonna dump him somewhere and let him fend for himself.
They asked so many questions it made Peter’s head spin. He couldn’t even process everything they were asking. Luckily, the teacher decided to start the class shortly after Peter sat down, and today he lectured for the whole period, meaning everyone had to leave Peter alone, including Ned and Miles.
For how little Peter exercised, he always seemed to be in really good shape, so running was difficult by a long shot, it was just tiring for him. The day had been tiring enough, and running wasn’t going to help anything, but it wasn’t like he could just walk out like he would’ve in the past.
Peter chuckled and walked over to the table. During breakfast they made small talk, but once it was over, they had the conversation Peter was dreading.
Peter began to feel horribly self conscious so he focused on his feet as he rushed to his first class. Unfortunately, that wasn’t much better than the hallway. All eyes were on him when he entered the classroom, including the teacher’s.
“That’s not going to help, you know. They’re just gonna do the same thing tomorrow and the rest of the school year.”
Steve smiled and hugged his husband tightly. It made him so happy to hear that Peter loved them. They of course loved him, too.
“Hey, if you can pick it up, you're basically a god, and, if you can't, well then you're like the rest of us,” Bruce pointed out to him.
“Steve, what are you doing?” He called out frustrated, his eyes still shut. He was determined to continue sleeping once he had his husband back in his arms.
Peter was surprised that after reading his file and experiencing Peter mid-anxiety attack, they still seemed eager to meet him. That tiny shred of hope he had grew. That was dangerous for Peter, but he couldn't help it.
Steve cleared his throat and looked over at his husband. “Uh, Tony, shouldn't we deal with the name situation before school?” He asked.
“Listen, my past wasn’t the best. It’s not something I want to get into with someone I just met. All I need are my parents. I don’t need any friends complicating things.”
Peter sighed. Answering questions was better than waiting for an argument between MJ and Wade break out.
“I know, I know. I’m just not thrilled about going back. Can I have another day to relax here before going back to school? Please?” He begged his dads.
Peter happily snuck down the hall to wake up his father. Once he reached his dads’ room, he glanced inside and saw just a bit of Tony’s hair peeking out from under a blanket. He then carefully snuck around to Tony’s side of the bed, and once in position, he ripped off the blanket and shouted “Wake up, dad!”.
“Awesome! Dad took me to movies and dinner, and he bought me a new lego kit for Ned and me to work on!”
Peter really believed what Tony said. If he was adopted, he would have a family again, and the tower was the safest place he could think of. Maybe if he was adopted, he could put his past behind him and just be happy with his dads.
The rest of Peter’s week was better than the second day, but nowhere near as good as the first. There was much less harassment thanks to both the principal and Wade’s help, but Peter was still feeling annoyed by MJ, Ned, and Miles. The weekend was a much needed break from dealing with people. Peter felt like he actually had a chance to breathe, and get a bit of peace and quiet. He also got to spend some quality time with his dads, which he loved to do. He and Tony also started going to therapy, and while Peter didn’t exactly like talking about his life with strangers, he knew it would be helpful in the long run, and he wasn’t going alone either.
Steve and Tony sat on both sides of him on the couch. Natasha and Clint shared the love seat next to him. Thor and Bruce each sat on their own chairs.
“Are you and Natasha dating?” The question had been lingering in the back of his head after seeing Natasha sit down on Clint’s lap.
Peter walked into the cafeteria and it was as crazy as any public school cafeteria he had seen. He stood near the doorway for a minute, trying to find an empty table preferably in the corner, away from everyone. Luckily, he found one.
He fulfilled his Aunt’s wish. He made a friend. Peter expected to just talk to the girl in class so she wasn’t lonely, but over the course of the year, he actually began to like Gwen and they eventually became best friends. From that point on, they were inseparable.
“Uh... shouldn’t be working on the assignment?” He tried to steer the topic away from his personal life.
So they continued the game with everyone, even Natasha joined after insulting the game. While he watched, Peter learned that they all really liked to mess around with each other.
“That was me. I got a new phone yesterday and I thought it would be a funny joke, but now I can see that I let it go for too long. I’m sorry.”
“You said you’re not interested in dating ‘right now’. As in I have a chance in the future.” His smirk turned into a smile.
“Peter-” He cut off Wade by standing up and walking towards the exit. He weirdly felt somewhat betrayed, but mostly angry.
During the ride up the elevator, he could tell there was something going on with Tony. He kept fidgeting. Since he didn’t know Tony that well, he just shrugged it off.
Peter blinked in confusion. He wasn’t expecting a question quite so… dumb? Childish? He wasn’t quite sure.
If that was directed at Peter, he would’ve died from fear right there. Clint, on the other hand, seemed perfectly fine.
Steve smiled. “Well, thank you for coming, Tony. I also had a great time. I’m glad we’re finally talking again, and there’s no more hard feelings between us. I’m sure Peter will be excited now that we can actually have family dinners again.”
Monica laid down on a soft blanket on her front lawn staring at the starry night sky. It was a peaceful, warm, summer night, but she was too upset to fully enjoy it. It had been nearly a year since she had last seen her mom and every day she grew less and less hopeful she would ever be coming home again.
Peter sighed. He knew Tony was right, but for once he wished he was wrong. On the bright side, he would be totally free after he graduated. He wasn’t quite sure what he wanted to do yet, though he had plenty of time to figure it out.
When the next Monday came around, Peter was dreading going back to school. Steve struggled with getting Peter up, but eventually managed to coax him out of his room.
“Hey,” Carol interjected, “How about you two catch me up on everything that’s happened since I’ve been gone. I know I’ve missed quite a bit.”
When MJ, Ned, and Miles made their way to the table, Peter was surprised that Wade actually physically stopped them from sitting down.
“You know, Peter, when I first I met you I just thought you were a bit shy and maybe had some trust issues, but now I know you’re
“Weird,” Tony whispered to himself. He checked the living room only to find Clint napping on Natasha’s lap. Tony was only 50% sure Natasha was also napping, but he didn’t want to find out. He headed towards the kitchen where Steve was.
Tony knew that Peter wasn’t in the best mood, so he decided to try to cheer him up. “Hey, Pete, you wanna help me work on something down in my workshop for a bit?”
Regardless, Tony wasn’t sure how he felt about Steve dating again. He hadn’t dated since the divorce. Part of him felt like he should hold out and see if he and Steve could work to things out, but the other part of him knew it would never happen.
The police told Peter to get a bag of his things, and when he did, he drove Peter and Gwen over to Gwen’s house. They both sat silent on the couch while the police explained what happened to Gwen’s parents.
Their next stop for the day was to go get Peter's name legally changed. Peter felt oddly excited about it. That excitement quickly faded away once they got to the courthouse. It was a lot of waiting in lines and filling out paperwork. After all that, they had to come back in a week for a name change hearing. He thought they could do it all in one day, but apparently not.
He stopped crying when they let go of him, but he was still very emotional. This was a big moment for him.
Peter rolled over and reached for his backpack that was sitting on the floor. He dug through it for his phone. He left school rather suddenly and wanted to see if any of his friends had texted him.
“I’m so glad you’re back. I missed you so much and I love you so much. My wish came true!” she cheered.
When Tony finished his story, he sighed in relief. He felt like some weight had been lifted off of his shoulders.
After the movie, Peter talked to the other Avengers. He told them a little about himself. He was still a bit nervous so he didn't tell them much. They seemed to notice his nervousness and they broke off into their own conversations.
,” Tony looked over at Bruce, who rolled his eyes, “two, it's appropriate for our child, and three, I actually kinda like it.”
Peter was surprised. He didn’t know that Clint was deaf. He also never noticed the hearing aids sitting behind his ears.
“Peter, we really want to adopt you. Please consider it,” Steve sounded like he would start begging soon.
“No turning back now,” he joked and laughed. Peter rolled his eyes and smiled a little. Then Alex got serious and explained what Peter would need to know about being adopted.
She pulled Peter into a hug and stroked his head in an effort to calm him down. Peter hugged her back and took a deep breath.
They held hands as they left the building. They were both looking forward to tomorrow. They knew the next chapter of their life was about to start.
The feeling of self consciousness slowly began to fade, though, as the feeling of attraction seemed mutual based on the look on Wade’s face.
He got up from the table and started walking down the hallway towards his dads’ room. He paused halfway there, though. He knew Tony wouldn’t be upset if came to talk to him, but Peter just didn’t think he was ready to get that personal yet. His dreams were some of the most personal things about him.
The parents in the next house were just as bad as the first, but the kids were a lot nicer to him. The oldest kid there was 16. He gave Peter a lot of advice even though Peter barely spoke to him. One day he sat down on Peter’s bed and sighed.
“You’ll read about it in the file, but he’s had a really rough childhood. He’s convinced he’ll kill anyone he loves.”
Tony quirked his eyebrow and sent a curious glance at the other other. He knew Peter would talk about him, but he wondered what Steve was saying.
“Look, I know you’re antisocial, but Peter, if you want to get adopted, you’ll have to talk to people and appear more friendly. People don’t want kids who barely speak to anyone.”
“Okay, listen, I don’t like Wade, but he’s helping me out, so whatever. I’m not gonna tell him to back off,” MJ scoffed, “And I’m not being rude. I want to be left alone and I think everyone knows that. What’s your problem, huh? Why do you want to be friends so badly?”
Wade’s tone suddenly shifted to a more serious one, “Peter, of course you need friends. You can’t go through life alone. It’s not healthy.”
I know you’ll never read this because you’re already gone, but I need some closure and May suggested I write you a letter, so here we go.
It would be a huge adjustment to live here, and it was now really sinking in for Peter. Being the child of billionaire Tony Stark meant he, too, would be a billionaire. Living with him meant living in a fancy penthouse on top of a building he owned. Not to mention, both of his parents would be superheroes. Fucking superheroes! How could he ever possibly live up to that?
Peter decided he was done with question and luckily lunch was almost over anyway. He really didn’t want to cause any trouble for his fathers or the rest of the Avengers. He was in enough trouble himself.
She felt so selfish for wanting her mom to be at home with her instead of out in space helping people, but she had just gotten her back after 6 years of thinking she was probably dead. She just wanted to spend some time with her mom.
Someone wanted him. Even though he thought he was worthless, someone wanted him. It took him a few minutes to process this.
“He doesn’t even want to be adopted?” Steve almost felt heartbroken. He hadn’t even met the kid yet, but he was still upset.
“I love it. This is amazing. Thank you,” he responded as he turned back around and quickly hugged them. They both smiled at him.
That was not the answer Peter wanted. He wanted to hear that his dads were on their way home already, or at least soon. The thought of being alone all night in the tower sent him spiraling. His heart felt like it was beating out of his chest and it was becoming more difficult to breathe. He quickly headed for the living so he could sit.
He looked up when he heard a car. He saw Tony and Steve walking towards him. They both looked happy. He stood up and shyly greeted them.
Peter swung into his apartment after a successful outing of fighting bad guys as Spider-Man. He collapsed on his bed before pulling off his mask.
So it’s been literally half a year since I posted a new chapter. Sorry about that, but I hoping to write more often since I’m done with high school.
Also my wonderful friend drew some awesome art for this chapter. It’s on my tumblr and you should definitely check it out!
His parents, Aunt, Uncle, and best friend were all murdered. Peter suffered from depression, anxiety, and PTSD. He also had an alcohol addiction. He had attempted suicide multiple times. This kid was just 15, but he had gone through way too much suffering.
Tony and Steve looked at each other surprised. They hadn’t expected that, but they were happy nonetheless.
Eventually he heard the elevator door open and Pepper walked in holding a box of pizza. She headed straight for the kitchen.
He lied awake for hours the previous night thinking about his family and Gwen and why he was so scared about making friends. He knew he wasn’t crazy to think that their deaths were all linked and the common factor was him, but he knew there had to be more to it. He knew there was something in his past that he didn’t know about that had to be the reason connecting their deaths because deep down he knew he it wasn’t his fault they were murdered, and he decided he was going to find out about it.
4 people greeted Peter once he entered the house. There was a mom, a dad, and two other boys, they both seemed shy. Peter tried his best to be polite despite the fact he didn’t like people, well except for Gwen. Alex made sure he was settled in and then left. Things took a big turn once he left. His foster father yelled at him to come to the kitchen. He walked in and sat down on the chair across from him.
“I know. They’ll be home as soon as possible. I know they miss you and are worried about you, too, but, until they’re back, I will be here for you.”
Peter wasn’t thrilled about going back to school but it did sound nice. He’s been to a bunch of schools before, and none of them he liked. There some that were small and offered no classes that were challenging enough, and there were some that just had the worst people. This is the best Peter could’ve hoped for.
Sam stood up from his seat. He was just about ready to fight Bucky right then and there, and they both knew it.
Once he got up to his floor, he found his dads waiting for him in the living room. Peter immediately flopped down on the couch between them and sighed knowing he could finally relax.
Tony gave her a bittersweet smile. “I wish I could be selfish sometimes. I wish I could’ve given up the suit and stayed here with you and your mom. Have my family in the woods, away from everyone.”
Pepper smiled. “Thank you, Tony. You're very kind.” Then she turned to Peter. “Well, it's so nice to finally meet you. Tony has been telling me about you since you first visited.”
‘He’s gotta drop this charade soon. No way someone like him is actually interested in me,” Peter thought with certainty.
MJ stood up and grabbed Peter’s arm. They walked over to the teacher and she spoke for him. Peter was grateful for that. He wasn’t sure he’d have the courage to just ask the teacher to leave class like that. Luckily, the teacher was sympathetic and even let MJ go with him to the principal’s office.
As expected, a few seconds later Steve answered the door. Neither of them were prepared for the moment they would finally be face to face again.
He looked down. He couldn't meet their eyes. A tear ran down his cheek, but he quickly wiped it away. He still missed her. He loved her so much.
He thought about what he should ask Clint. He didn't know him that well, so he figured he could just ask anything.
After that house, the abuse or anything else Peter received was nothing new. He coped the best he could. He switched foster house every few months, he got to know Alex pretty well because of that. No one wanted to deal with Peter’s nightmares and growing rebellious attitude. He completely forgot the advice he received from his old foster brother in the second house. Peter didn’t want a family. All he needed and wanted was Gwen.
Peter didn’t talk to Wade for the rest of the tour. That didn’t seem to bother him, though. He had a joyful smile on his face as he kept up their conversation himself.
“I know. I'm both nervous and excited. Oh god, do you think we're ready to do this?” Tony suddenly began to panic. He knew he wanted to be a dad, but he wasn't sure if he was actually prepared to be one.
Thor came back and set his hammer down on the coffee table in front of Peter. Peter felt everyone staring at him. He wished he could hide right now.
That was officially the best party Peter's even been to (not that he's actually been to many). Now he was unpacking the few things he had. His room was pretty bland, but it was his.
It was shopping time and Peter was struggling to not laugh at his fathers’ appearances. They were trying to hard to hide their identities and look casual, except it's hard to look casual when you're built like Captain America and wearing a tight t-shirt, or when your idea of a disguise is a hoodie and sunglasses. It worked well enough for them, though. They got through their shopping trip without being recognized, and successfully getting everything they needed.
"G'night, baby." The blond whispered back to Tony with a soft yawn, snuggling them all close as he drifted off to sleep...
Steve’s back arched at the intrusion, a quiet gasp escaping his lips. He pushed his hips back a bit against Tony's finger to take more in.
Tony just stared at the woman, exhausted from running. It took a few seconds for him to realize what she was talking about. Steve.
"No, shush. I didn't mean literally," Tony laughed again, tangling their legs together, "Sleep, bambi. You'll need it." He kissed Steve's lips, nuzzling against his cheek before settling down, easily falling asleep.
Tony tangled his fingers in Steve's hair and buried his face in his neck, sobbing deeply as he kept himself open, wave after wave of painful memories hitting him worse than Howard's whiskey bottles ever did.
He breathed easy when he saw a little bear curled up to Tony. Steve sat at the end of the bed and gently shook both.
"Hugs usually work better up here, Petey." She smiled, giving him a hug and kissing his cheek to leave a lipstick mark.
"I'm sorry. I never wanted to do something that would make you want to. I'm sorry, sweetheart." He said, voice cracking slightly and hand reaching to take Tony's that held the blade.
He grabbed Steve's hand and gave him a squeeze, waving at the group before traipsing out to the car.
Peter looked back, just missing Steve backing away. He hummed suspiciously but turned back to Sammy, patting his back.
"Yeah," Tony breathed, bouncing Peter on his knee, "And we can work on the nursery, and maybe get--"
"I'm getting better, though. I think. I hope I am," he mumbled, "I wanna be good enough. Especially if--"
He leaned back into the couch slowly. "Whenever you decide you want or need to talk to us, just give us a shout eventually."
It took time for him to get there, bones aching with each step until he was able to sit on the bench they would meet at. It overlooked the lake, his breath slow and gentle as he listened to the birds chirping around him. Steve broke from his trance when he heard familiar footsteps come beside him.
He went up the steps, quickly grabbing a box from the top of their closet before darting into the bathroom, closing the door behind himself. Steve watched and waited with curiosity as Tony rustled around a bit in the bathroom by himself.
"Better take yours while you can, Peter. You know Daddy and I love cookies." Steve chuckled, eyeing Peter's hand. "We might gobble up all the cookies, even the one in your hand!" He said, playfully mouthing at Peter's fingers making "Om Nom Nom!" noises.
"I'll let you know when I find it," Tony grinned, rifling through his drawers, "I was pretty sure--oh, fuck, I know where it is."
"I do trust you. Just gotta trust myself." Steve said softly. "I know my strengths, but doing these things with you I tend to forget to control it better."
"You seem to know the routine. Must get in trouble a lot," Steve murmured, starting up with a few gentle swats with the ruler, continuing until he reached twenty-one.
Bucky rolled his eyes in reply, wiping crumbs off his lips. "Hey. Sarah's recipe is delicious, okay?"
"Fuck myself senseless since you have to go to work tomorrow," Tony grunted, sucking on the sensitive flesh, "Think of things I can do you can punish me for."
"Mmm, I dunno, it's pretty big, probably nine--" Tony's words were muffled behind Steve's hand until he licked him, grinning. "Restraints next," he hummed, "For me. Silk ones-- ooh, in gold, and I'm all for fluffy handcuffs."
"Why is it that a kid's internal alarm clock automatically wakes them up so early at Christmas?" Steve sighed, wrapping his arm around Tony's waist as they went back to the bedroom.
"Ah--You're a twerp sometimes, you know that?" Steve breathed sharply, leaning his back against the shower wall to keep himself up.
"Mm, love you too, so much," Tony breathed, kissing Steve's collar before allowing his eyes to slip shut, "More than y'could know."
Tony didn't offer a reply, instead snoring quietly, as he'd fallen asleep. Peter rolled his eyes at his Dad, laying down next to Sammy to cuddle up to him.
Steve nodded softly, smiling as he followed Tony into the bathroom. He brought Tony into a hug before he got all undressed for his shower, kissing his cheek.
'I'd want that. I'd like that very much. And yes, there is all summer for certain.' He assured, slowly taking Tony's hand, carefully feeling and taking in the work-calloused skin of Tony's fingers. 'I want to learn from you and spend what time I can with before that time is up. Wanna make the choice I made truly worth it...'
"I just can't believe you went and got yourself into this mess just to see land." Tony said softly. "Well, maybe I can. That light in your eyes before when talking about it said everything."
Tony waited in bubbling nervousness for Steve to return with his treat, making grabby hands once he was back.
They tucked Peter into the middle of their bed snuggly, kissing his forehead before going to change for bed.Steve was the first in beside Peter, snuggling up to the boy protectively under the covers.
"I'll keep him away from shellfish and you away from cats. Gotta protect my fellas." He chuckled at a whisper. "Make sure they are okay."
"We went and saw her this morning before coming home. Paperwork's all signed, and we'll be hearing from the lab at the hospital soon," he announced.
Steve smiled happily, seeing Tony excited for once in quite a while. "As long as you don't go overboard with it." He chuckled, drying off and getting redressed.
"Ooooh, more smartass talk?" Tony rolled his eyes, propping himself up on his elbows, "I can leave you home while I go to Red Light. Keep you in suspense."
"Mmhm." Steve hummed, eyes following Tony as the man left the room before turning back to Peter. "Whoa there kid. I know you're excited but slow 'er down a bit. You'll end up choking."
"I can kiss my husband as much as I want, Pep," Tony hummed back, stealing another kiss from Steve, "It's Christmas Eve, after all. Time for merry making, and all that jazz."
"Please don't get sick, though." Steve hoped with a light chuckle, wrapping his arms around Tony and hugging him close. "I love you. You in general make me feel a little better." He hummed.
Tony grinned back with a nod. He'd ask when Steve was better. Right now, he would enjoy this just fine. It was more than he could ask for before.
"I know baby, I know. I wish I could bring her back to you. I wish I could, baby." He sniffled, kissing at his neck. He tried to send Tony some happy thoughts, memories to try and help cheer him up a bit, in any way possible.
"We'll figure it out, hon. We'll just explain it to him and ask him what he thinks." Steve said softly as they cooked up the soup. "We'll ask him more about what's been happening, then we'll ask his decision."
"'M not horrible. You're just adorable when you laugh." Steve grinned, settling himself above Tony. He leaned down and kissed Tony's lips sweetly, a big grin on his face. "You're actually adorable just being you, but whatever."
"If you butt-dialed me while Stark's sucking your dick I'm going to kill you," he announced, grinning at Steve's splutter.
"Mmm, I love you." He grinned sweetly. "This all seems great and we haven't scratched the surface of our time yet. Can’t wait to show you your late Christmas present."
"You all done, bud? Good job on cleaning your plate. Proud of you." He praised, kissing the top of Peter's head happily.
With a smirk, Tony easily flicked open Steve's belt and the front of his khakis, letting his fingers ghost over the curls above Steve's groin.
"You're gonna tell me what it was later, yes?" He whispered smoothly, rubbing circles into Steve's back.
"I was, but he didn't, so shush," Tony hummed, tucking Steve back in his pajamas before crawling back up. "And that's just
Flipping over blankets, pillows, and other larger items in their room, Tony frantically searched for his Flareon, U. U was almost always by Tony’s side, ever since he met her as an Eevee in Afghanistan, so the fact that he couldn’t find her left Tony in a tizzy.
Steve pulled Tony into a hug, nuzzling into the crook of his neck. He kissed along it lovingly in an understood thanks. Tony gently wrapped his arms around Steve, slowly massaging his thumbs into the dimples of his back while kissing Steve's collar, sucking on the bones to leave red marks dotting his skin.
Steve smiled fondly as Tony fell asleep, tucking them in under the blankets warmly. He kissed the top of Tony's head before closing his own eyes, comfortably falling asleep with his husband in his arms.
He dissolved into wordless noises, tugging up on Steve's hair so he could buck up into the blond's mouth. Steve followed with the tugs, giving a deep hum when he started to feel Tony nudging at the back of his throat. He massaged Tony in time with his mouth, starting to bob. The blond managed to take the other down until dark tufts of hair brushed against the tip of his nose.
Sammy babbled at Peter, fine brows furrowed in confusion at why his bubba was upset. He waved a hand at the boy, babbling softly.
"The worst Clint would do is hold him by his ankles till the blood went to his face, and even then, Natasha'll save him," Tony grinned, smooching Steve back, "But no talk about the boys. It's us time.
"No one gets to treat you like that," Tony muttered, wrapping his arms around Steve's neck, "Unless you want me to. Carry me?"
Tony lost it; he scrabbled for purchase on Steve's back, heavy sobs escaping his lips. He knew his phone was going off in his pocket, probably calls from Clint, Tasha, Bruce and the rest, but he couldn't handle it.
"I highly disagree with most of that, but I don't feel like arguing about it." Steve chuckled, smooching Tony's cheek. "He is a mini you. Just as cute, too."
"It's probably just a twenty four hour buggy," Tony hummed, pulling their dinner out of the oven. He switched it off and quickly served up their plates, setting it at the table before sitting. "You alright?" Tony asked quietly, reaching over to take Steve's hand.
"I have absolutely zero complaints with that. I'll fuck you good." He husked, moving to nip at the tip of Tony's ear. "Make you feel real good."
"He's closing up the shop around midnight, then he'll be on his way," Tony grinned, slipping a hand under Steve's shirt, "I bet his gifts will be... interesting."
"I just want to have a normal night tonight." He said gently, giving a small hum. "Just... Kissin' and cuddlin', y'know?"
"Not dat 'posal! Da bus'ness kind." Peter explained with a giggle. "I wants a day where someone watches Sammy 'n me, you'se, and Papa has a day tugetha."
“I love you too, cheeseball," Tony laughed, "Sleep, sickly. You need to get better in case I get sick." He snuggled up to Steve, easily falling asleep.
Steve ate with them, giving a soft sigh as he relaxed. This was a good difference to the tensions of not even an hour ago.
Tony turned around, keeping his gaze down until he could hear Steve's footfalls come back; he turned to bury his face in Steve's chest, wrapping his arms tightly around him.
"You wanna watch the robots with us, Samwich?" He asked playfully, "Wanna see the robots change into cars and planes, huh?"
"I've totally ruined you," Tony groaned, looking up at Steve with lidded eyes, "Where'd my innocent boyfriend go? Hm?" He smirked, stroking his hands down Steve's chest.
The man gently grabbed Steve's arm to lead him to the changing rooms, motioning towards Tony as well.
He grabbed the shampoo and poured a generous amount in his hands, starting to lather up Peter's hair.
Tony grinned and swept over to Steve, going up on tiptoes to kiss him deeply. Steve kissed back just as deep and happily, cupping Tony's face in his hands as they kissed.
"Well, you wanted to see it." Steve teased gently. "But we got out of the apartment for a while and got you to go on your first date, so it wasn't a loss."
"You infected me with sappiness," Tony murmured, shifting Peter so he rested on his chest, "Totally blame you for that one."
"I mean, if you don't want to, just tell me. Push me off the bed," Tony teased, leaning up on his elbows over Steve.
Steve helped get Peter's stocking down, raising his eyebrow softly at Tony's wink, grabbing his stocking as well as his husbands. He brought it over to Tony, watching and waiting to gauge Tony's reaction.
"Mmm, started when I was six? Seven? You'd have t'ask Clint, he found me one of the first times. When I went too deep, that is." Tony lolled his head towards Steve, tugging his gown back down. "I usually cover them up with professional stage makeup, but since I'm here, they probably showered me and took it off."
Tony laughed, taking the opportunity to easily clean the rest of Peter off, wringing out the washcloth before letting the water go.
"Well it'll darken as he gets older, I'm sure." Steve hummed as the bacon sizzled. "And if he looks bald, that’s fine. He's a baby."
"A box," Tony deadpanned, a shy smile trying not to show on his face. He laughed nervously, picking up the box before sitting up, turning to face Steve.
"Otay Papa," Peter replied sleepily, obviously extremely unwell as he settled down, little face beading with sweat.
He drew the boy up into his arms, dancing him around the room until a familiar female voice drifted in from the hallway; Peter scrambled out of Tony's arms, squealing as he latched himself onto Pepper's pantsuit.
"Yep, yes, yes sir--ma'am, what room? Okay-- 358-- okay, okay, thank you, thank you," he babbled, waving a hand at Steve, "When do you want us?
The soldier wasn't sure what exactly to make of this. Tony was never one for leaving letters. He usually just had JARVIS inform him if the man wanted to meet him for anything. Actually, Steve was usually the one asking Tony to meet him places. And why the entertainment room? Nobody ever uses that room. Whatever they could do in there, the team usually just does together in the main room of the residence floors.
Peter nodded and kicked his legs to be put down, grabbing at Steve's hand while they walked down the corridor. They walked down until they reached the area close to the delivery room, a nurse standing outside of the room.
"It’s a shame. I liked shrimp. But I'm more than willing to give it up to keep this from happening again if it can be helped." Steve whispered back, snuggling the boy close. "We'll have to let the other's know too so they don't accidentally feed it to him when he's over there."
"Nuh uh, Sammy, don' wan'chu to get sick too," Peter replied weakly, trying to keep the baby's hands away, "Maybe tomorrow."
"I honestly don't know. I never looked into soul bonds that much," Tony muttered, shivering slightly, "I'll make a few calls after our trip, try to get some insight. I know a guy that's a resident expert on these things, he'd have an answer."
Steve gripped his hands in his lap, looking down in thought. "I...I don't know, Mr. Stark... I just want to know for sure that I'm with you for more than just a job or some quick rattle of desk drawers." He said quietly. "If I knew, then maybe their rumors wouldn't bother me as much."
"Let's see how well you reinforced it, shall I?" He stated, jumping and flopping down onto the bed. "Ooooh my goodness, this is comfortable--" He stated, muffled with his face in the mattress.
"I don't think we do," Tony replied with a smile, squeezing Steve's hand, "Thank you, Sharon. For everything."
"Just gotta wait for the adrenaline to wash out," Tony murmured, pressing his nose into Steve's cheek.
"The other babies are in there. Only nurses can go in there so people don't go messing with all the babies." Steve explained softly. "Once the papers are signed, then we get to keep him and you'll get to see him, Petey."
"You are lucky it’s been fairly warm lately, otherwise I'd say you were out of your mind." He chuckled. "It’s almost January and you wanna go skinny dipping."
"You are very welcome, Peter." Steve answered, ruffling the boy's hair softly as he sat down to eat. "After we eat, we can go play with some your toys too for a little bit before bedtime. How's that sound, kiddo?"
With a grin, Tony slicked himself up, positioning himself at Steve's hole once he felt the blond was loose enough. He slipped in with a low groan, head between his arms as he waited for Steve to adjust.
"Uh huh. S'where Sammy gets it," Peter whispered back, grinning as he snuggled up to his Daddy, "Night night, Papa."
"Tank you." The boy hummed, kicking his pants off his legs. Once he was undressed, he toddled over to the tub and tried to climb in by himself.
"I made you bleed," he whimpered, "I hate seeing blood on my partner 'cause I caused it. I-- I'm usually careful, or people will tell me when to stop. I'm sorry." Tony nuzzled into his palm, the pitiful look still stamped on his face.
"Yea, Daddy said I tan tall you Mommy an'--" He looked around like he might get in trouble, before leaning up to Steve.
"I know. I'm trying to trust you on that, I just... can't. I was starting to trust you as much as I had once trusted Obie, and that almost ended up with me dead...".
A small shiver of arousal went up Steve's spine, feeling the wood and the snap of elastic. He nodded softly. "There was also one time in the janitor's closet and underneath the bleachers outside." He grinned bashfully, wriggling his backside slightly.
'My voice was taken, I can't-- Oh my Neptune...' Steve tried saying, the words being projected through the device. The voice sounded similar to his before he traded it over, Tony grinning wider at the sound.
Steve groaned as Tony pushed back against him and moved against his still clothed erection. He moved back in order to work off his own pants, slicking himself up before slotting himself back behind the other. He ground his hips up against Tony's a few times before lining up and working his way in painstakingly slow.
"Otay," Peter mumbled, "Y'scawed me, though, ’cause I can hea'h you's guyses yellin' each other's names all night."
He leaned down to press a gentle kiss to Steve's temple, scooting back to slot himself between Steve's legs.
Steve swam back home towards his secret little cavern, clutching tightly to his new souvenir and hoping no one would notice him. He quickly moved the rock covering the entrance and sneaked inside of his cavern. He was about to uncover his souvenir to study it closer, but stopped in his tracks as he heard someone clear their throat.
'Well, I will admit there are some similarities with how you and I met and how Ariel and Eric met, and the whole sea witch thing, but her giving that away for a guy she met 1 time is incredibly foolish of her.' Steve explained passionately. 'I at least got to know you a bit more before I did anything like that. Plus I had more motivation than just a handsome guy. The handsome guy is definitely a plus, but I at least have the want to learn about human things added to it, y'know? Then the whole falling in love in 3 days thing is--'
"Sorry man, but you've been putting out all the signs. There is a reason I'm called Cupid, and its not just 'cause of the bow and arrows.".
"Hey, starting to talk is a big deal. Even if it’s just babble." Steve shrugged, looking between the boys. "Whatcha trying to say, baby?"
"Mhm, I'll stay," Tony hummed, gently rocking them, "Go ahead and sleep, sweetie. I'm not going anywhere."
'They seemed nice and helpful. Definitely comfortable with who they are.' Steve said carefully, looking up at Tony with a weary smirk. 'Getting made over though is surprisingly exhausting, though. I dunno if that's normal or if its just because I'm...'
"Yeah sweetie, I've got the cookie dough chilling right now, and when it’s done we'll cut out shapes, okay?" Tony smiled, smooching Peter's forehead.
Steve kissed back happily, wrapping his arms around Tony's waist as they kissed. "I blame hormones. You're still young and those things are killer. Make you want it so easily. Not that I'm complaining, of course."
"No, please, I won't do it again, I'm sorry," Tony babbled, biting his lip as he edged towards the side of the bed, whimpering softly, "Please, Sir--"
Tony dressed, grabbed his keys and followed behind Steve. "If he does, all the better for you take a job as my PA," He pointed out, "In fact, I'll go with you. Scare your boss man shitless."
Tony turned his head in the direction Erin had gestured to and froze in wonder. It was Steve's project. It was wonderful. He moved his eye from piece to piece, recounting each moment that was captured.
"Tony, I-- Peter, I'm gonna go talk with Daddy in private for a few minutes, okay?" Steve said carefully, waiting until he heard Peter's okay and leading Tony into the living room with him.
"I can see this will be a while for you to be let go. You like to act up." Steve hummed, stripping Tony down to his boxers.
"Rude. So rude. Thought you were raised better, James Buchanan." Steve huffed, drilling in the last few screws. "We always shower together, for your information. And it just depends on what happens. With JARVIS working in the house, we can at least have the door locked so Peter can't come in."
"You are really good at this. Know what you want and what to look for." Steve stated, looking around and raising a brow at a box he spotted. "What are Cherry Panties?"
Steve smirked up at Tony at the comment, before giving a small yawn. He curled his legs up onto the couch and snuggled up into Tony's side before shutting his eyes sleepily.
"I don't think so either, baby. I'm not going anywhere," Tony replied, somehow managing to close his eyes and fall asleep.
"Yeah. I'll come make us breakfast." Steve hummed, rubbing tiredness from his eyes before scooping Peter up and heading to the kitchen. "I'll make us all some pancakes then you can help me bring some to Daddy, okay?"
"Looks like I won't be wearing this as often, anymore." Steve sighed, tossing the uniform away and crawling in behind Tony.
The blond hummed softly in sleep, stirring and settling softly into his chair. He sighed aloud in a half sleep before settling again. Tony waited for Steve to still before slipping out of bed, finding his clothes and exchanging them for his hospital gown, quickly going to the bathroom to wash his face. He wrung his hands dry, not surprised to see Steve and his judge-y look from across the room.
"Of course. We made sure things were baby safe for the squirt." Clint answered, raising a brow at Tony. "I would've thought Steve would have been the hen over that stuff."
Tony stretched again before getting in the shower, sighing happily under the spray; after breakfast, he'd call Maria, and Lord knows she might bring Howard with her. He grunted at the thought, quickly washing himself up. Rushing down the stairs, Tony breathed in the scent of fresh coffee and breakfast, sidling right up to Steve.
He went to join Tony, seeing he was right at work wrapping. He locked the door behind him and sat down to help.
Tony quickly cleaned and trimmed himself, running a hand through his hair before stepping back into his bedroom, stretching happily.
"That sounds good to me." Steve chuckled sweetly. "But it probably will be a few years before that, though. Let us get used to completely living together before we add another little person in the mix."
"I dunno what it would be, though." Steve hummed, cuddling Tony closer. "We'll figure it out eventually. After the holidays." He said with a kiss.
"Is your boyfriend looking at your panties on school campus?" Tony shot back, eyebrow raised, "That's another rule you've broken, I imagine.
Steve let out quietened moans almost completely in time with Tony's movements. As always, Tony never failed to make him feel this good.
"I'm not here," Tony replied, putting his hands on his face, "If I can't see you, you can't see me."
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony, humming at the kisses. "What's with the being all lovey-dovey all of a sudden? Not that I'm complaining, of course."
Steve lay panting, trying to catch his breath. He turned to Tony carefully after hearing him giggle, sighing gently.
"You wanna play the cock-based puns game? I will beat your ass at that game, Mister," Tony laughed, quickly dissolving into moans.
He laid down on bed once everything was in its new home. He stared at the ceiling and thought of Gwen. His life was great, but it would never be perfect if she wasn't in it. He wished he could've saved her.
She nodded. “Well, why don’t you want to talk about your dads? That would be a great way to get a lot of new friends.”
Getting through first period was the easiest part of Peter’s school day because he had MJ to back him up. He knew his day would get worse when he wasn’t with her.
Tony gave him a small, awkward smile before slipping past him and into his house. He took a moment to look around the place since he had never seen it before.
Peter thought for a moment. Admittedly, he hadn’t really seen much of the Avengers in action. When the New York alien attack happened, he had been in a mental hospital upstate because Alex forced him there after attempting suicide. He saw short clips on the news while he was there, and when he returned to school everyone was talking about the Avengers. Peter didn’t have a phone at the time, so he knew only what others were saying. Despite how little he knew, he looked up to the Avengers after that. Some nights he dreamed of being a superhero too. It all seemed so great, and Peter thought helping others could make him forget about all his suffering. Actually knowing them now didn’t change his opinion much either.
“I have no clue. He's very stubborn, but I could tell he was really considering this. We just need to show him that he's not a danger.”
Peter was miserably stuck in his current foster home for almost another month. They didn't like him much there, but he never gave them a reason to kick him out. He just wanted to be with Steve and Tony in the Avengers Tower; he really missed them.
After that Wade continued giving Peter a tour of the school, pointing out his classes along the way.
Peter ran over and gave Alex a big hug. It would be sad to not see Alex again. He was always there for Peter. He was the reason Peter was still alive right now. Most importantly, he never gave up on Peter, and he was so grateful for that.
Peter groaned dramatically. The last thing he wanted to do was sit around while people needed his help.
Peter couldn’t hide the shocked look on his face. What MJ had said came straight out of left field. He definitely didn’t think he was acting anything like a jerk.
Peter followed his dad’s directions and after a couple of minutes he had calmed down to a point where he could actually talk.
“You’ll be better. Just promise me you won’t give your mother a heart attack, okay? No saving the universe until college.”
Peter held the piece of paper in his hands. He was now officially named Peter Parker Rogers-Stark. It almost felt unreal. The whole situation almost felt unreal, too, but here he was, standing between his dads on the elevator up to their home at the top of the Avengers Tower.
By the end of the movie, Thor shed a few tears. Who knew he'd be the one to cry during a Disney movie?
After spending some time with Clint and Natasha, who were quite entertaining, Peter decided to explore the tower a bit more. He eventually ended up in the Avenger’s gym, which had a lot of specialized equipment for each Avenger to practice their skills, and met up with Thor down there.
“Okay, I’m gonna see if I can track this person down, but in the meantime you should lay low. Worst case scenario: the photo leaks and you can pass it off as photoshop or something.”
“Tony? Couldn't you build a Baymax?” Thor asked him halfway through the movie. He seemed pretty attached to Baymax at this point.
“Uh, yeah, you kinda are. You’ve started completely ignoring Ned and Miles when they try to talk to you, and you’ve been abrasive towards me, too. We’re being nice to you and you’re being a jerk in return. I know you’ve said multiple times you don’t want friends or whatever, but that doesn’t give you the right to be rude. Also, you’re a total hypocrite. You say you don’t want any friends, yet you’ve gotten so close to Wade in the past week. So what is your problem, Peter?”
Peter felt something in their embrace he hadn’t felt in a long time. He felt loved. It reminded him of distant memories of his parents holding him and kissing him before putting him to bed, and how his aunt and uncle started doing that too after his parents’ death. He became overwhelmed with emotions, mostly good ones, in fact, he couldn’t even remember the last time he felt this happy.
Tony was surprised by how well the night was going. After settling down to eat, they had made it all the way past dessert without any more awkwardness. He and Steve were joking around just like before, and Tony actually liked Bucky. He had a bit of a hard exterior, but he was genuinely a nice, smart guy that Tony had no problems with being around his son.
After the tour, Peter felt like he could no longer tell them not to adopt him even if he tried. He loved the tower, he thought Steve and Tony would be great parents, and he actually felt pretty safe here.
Peter was shocked by this. He hadn't given any thought to his name. He certainly didn't think his parents would ask him if he wanted it changed.
Peter watched as Wade spotted him and he was tempted to crawl under the table to hide, but he knew his fate. Wade excitedly walked over to Peter and immediately sat down beside him. He was preparing to tell Wade to fuck off, when MJ intervened.
“Well, we’re glad you have our last name.” Steve smiled down at him. Peter smiled back. It felt permanent now, like there’s no going back. He’s officially a Rogers-Stark.
Tony sighed. He wasn’t annoyed with Peter, he was somewhat annoyed with himself now that he actually had to admit the truth out loud.
Peter dreaded the thought of private school, but he kind of liked the homeschooling option. He wouldn’t have to leave the tower and deal with people bothering him. He did wonder, though, if his dads would be the ones teaching him, but he figured they would likely hire someone else to teach him.
Peter was scared that he would never want to leave once he went there. He knew it was dangerous. He couldn't risk the safety of Steve or Tony, or any of the other Avengers either.
Life actually seemed pretty great for Peter right now. He wondered how long that would last. Something always went wrong. He guessed something would probably happen at school and he'd absolutely hate spending the next 3 years there.
Anyway, I've been getting nice comments from people, thank you for that, but I'd also like constructive criticism or suggestions if anyone has any.
Wade stopped walking and slid in front of Peter, causing him to stop as well. He had a big cheesy grin on his face.
“Well, we will leave you alone for a bit. You can come find us when you want a tour. We also have some plans for after dinner,” Tony told him.
“It’s alright. I understand, but now it’s time to start packing. Your dads are waiting for you.” Alex smiled.
Tony tried to reassure Peter, “Well no need to worry. We argue a lot, mostly because Steve is sometimes still stuck in the 40s,” Steve scoffed, “but it's just us bickering. That's what we do.”
MJ gave him an inquisitive look, but decided not to poke any further. For the rest of the class they just made small talk about school.
“So… Why don’t you see an actual therapist?” Peter asked again, not quite knowing how else to respond.
Peter managed to keep himself together while packing and on the car ride to the Avengers Tower, but once he got there and saw Steve and Tony, he lost it again. They immediately pulled him into a tight hug.
He began to cry, and Alex looked a bit worried. Peter was crying for so many reasons. He had a family, but he also had a family. Peter wasn’t sure he was ready for this.
“It’s gonna be okay, Peter. I think you should go talk to Tony about this and see what he thinks you should do. He knows a lot more about this stuff than I do, but I do know this isn’t the end of the world.”
Peter screamed and started crying. The spider crawled away and his parents quickly got him out from under the table. His father held him while he assumed his mother went to go kill the spider.
They both stopped dead in their tracks and turned back to Steve to see his reaction, but he kept his face blank, seemingly waiting for a confession.
I have no clue what to do without you sometimes. I was really lost after the funeral. I couldn’t put on my suit or go out for a while. I even considered giving up being Spider-Man, but I could never sit by and do nothing. I just needed some time to grieve and figure life out. I still have days where the thought passing through my mind, though. Sometimes it’s fear that makes me feel that way, but other times it’s just me feeling hopeless.
Peter groaned. School was not his favorite subject. He felt like he'd be fine if he didn't go to school. He was smart enough to survive. Also isn't he technically a billionaire now?
Peter sat alone, waiting at the back of the classroom until one girl, who seemed to be drowning out the rest of the world by focusing intensely on her book, sat down directly next to him. This surprised him since there were plenty of open seats throughout the room. Peter wondered if she had purposefully sat next to him or just wasn’t paying attention. She hadn’t acknowledged his presence at all, yet she purposefully chose the seat next to him.
“But that wouldn’t be you. You’re a hero, Dad. My hero. You’ve saved so many people and I’m so proud of you for that.”
Peter sat silently in shock again until class began. Even then, he didn’t pay any attention. He was so shocked by everything MJ had said. He knew he wasn’t a “privileged asshole with a big ego”. He found it almost laughable how wrong MJ had judged him, but it also upset him. He didn’t know why, though. MJ wasn’t his friend.
Peter sighed. As much as he'd love to scream yes, he couldn't shake his past memories. Tony seemed to sense Peter was going to shoot them down again, so he didn't let Peter respond.
Peter didn’t want friends though. He wanted to be to himself. His parents’ death made him wary of forming new relationships with people because of the possibility he could lose them too. He went through kindergarten, and 1st grade without making any friends. Before he started 2nd grade though, his Aunt made him promise to make at least one new friend. He couldn’t say no to the look on her face so he agreed.
"There's a ton of space for guests on the second floor, and there's a guesthouse out back," Tony snickered, taking Steve down the grand staircase to the second floor, "Here's a couple rooms, good size--"
Tony stared back slightly, a wide grin growing on his face as he beamed up at the soldier. He moved his arms to wrap around Steve's neck, kissing his lips softly.
"Then that should be a good indicator." He smirked back, kissing Tony's cheek. "Let’s get the boys."
He rolled his eyes, puffing his smoke at Steve again. He paused mid-blow, mouth widening slightly before he stood and crossed the room, immediately leafing through a stack of books in the back left of his office. Steve smirked unashamedly, standing up and following Tony towards his office.
"Yes, your question," Tony snorted, "You asked me what I was doing, and then I asked you back to clarify. You didn't clarify."
"Yes. Family time. Big happy family cuddle." He hummed, linking their fingers momentarily before turning to start the car. "And we can tell them the news, too. Oh God, we are going to be the baby-obsessed couple. I just know it." Steve sighed.
"Peter Parker used to be an ordinary, average teenager. Until one day, on a school field trip to a genetics laboratory, he was bitten by a radioactive spider that had snuck loose." He began.
"Shh, sweetheart, you're okay, we all forgive you and it's coming off the wall," Tony shushed, scooping the boy up, "Let's get you home, okay? Maybe Papa and I will figure out a way for you to draw on the walls without it being too messy."
"Does Tony Stark live here, I want to be sure I got the right address." A strawberry blonde woman said, standing tall in the doorway.
Steve moaned deeply as Tony's fingers worked him apart, head laying against Tony's chest. "I only... I only know what one of those things are." He gasped, moving with Tony's fingers in need.
"Mhm. Not sore at all," Tony murmured, kissing him back, "Gonna need to shower, though. And change the sheets."
"Yeah honey, little Samuel Carter," Tony mused, reaching back to squeeze Steve's hand, "We get to take him home tomorrow, sweetheart."
"Whining gets you nowhere," he scolded lightly, slipping his fingers back up to Steve's hole, "Sometimes. I like hearing you beg for it, though."
He hugged Tony back tightly, sniffling lightly against his shirt, but trying not to tear up. "'M sowwy, Daddy. Pwomise. I didn't mean ta hurt ya feelin's..."
"Peter, I started learning algebra as a freshman in high school. You're seven and able to do this. I'd say you're pretty smart, buddy." Steve pointed out proudly, starting up on his sketches again.
"Fine. If you wanna feed me, I want lots of bread. White bread. Toasted. With butter. Sick toast," he muttered, sighing at the knock on the door, "I'll get it."
"I know you don't want to, but we know Pepper would get onto you eventually for it." Steve sighed, then turning and watching Sammy smack his bottle around.
“Peter, please calm down. Everything is okay. Ignore whatever thoughts are in your head. They want you, they really do,” Alex tried to calm him.
Peter sat anxiously alone on the couch for a while. He turned the tv on just for some background noise, but was too nervous to actually pay attention. He was just waiting for some mystery person to come keep him company, which normally he wouldn’t be happy about, but today he really needed it.
“How do you know? If it weren't for me, they'd all be alive!” Peter shouted at Tony, tears filling his eyes.
He heard the sound of a door closing a moment later and he knew he was all alone now. He was kind of regretting not talking to Tony. The dream about his parents brought up a lot of unwanted and confusing emotions, but he had a hard time opening up to people, especially about his parents. He just felt terrible right now and he wished he could sleep.
He would get kicked out of that house too after about 3 months. They couldn’t handle Peter’s nightmares, and Peter was sent off to another home.
After class Peter tried to rush out of class first to avoid the crowd of people he knew would be looking for him. Unfortunately, he wasn’t fast enough. He was quickly surrounded by strangers wanting to talk to him. At this point, Peter felt like he was going to cry. It was too much for him.
“Hey, he’s right, Pete,” Steve jumped in, “It’s already nine. I know you’re having a good time, but you do have school tomorrow. Go get your stuff while we clean up.”
He woke up. He was in his bed, in his room. It was night time. He looked around, just to make sure he was actually in his room. Everything seemed normal.
Tony couldn't help but scoff at the idea of having dinner with his ex-husband. “Why the hell would I do that?”
Pepper seemed to sense what was going on. She placed her hand on Peter’s shoulder and gently lifted his head so he looked her in the eyes.
Ned released his arm. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to freak you out. It’s just the teacher doesn’t pay attention after the first 5 minutes of class, so you don't have to keep running.”
“I think that depends on your religion? And he keeps it in his room, I believe,” Peter tried to answer honestly.
“Well, I can’t deny that, but I suppose I should finally talk to your dad again, and meet ‘Bucky’. Gotta make sure a serial killer isn’t hanging around my kid.”
Just then, Tony’s dad instincts kicked in, and he quickly added, “But therapy is a good thing that you should definitely go to.”
He began to feel trapped in his room. He quickly hopped out of bed, and thought about where he could go.
For the next week, the couple researched the adoption process and eventually found a man named Alex who was going to help them adopt a kid. They went over to his office to begin the search. They started by talk about what kind of kid they wanted.
He quickly entered the classroom so he wouldn’t have to deal with the hordes of people in the hallway. He headed to his seat between Ned and Miles. He already knew they were gonna freak out on him, but at least he kind of knew them already, and they were nice to him yesterday.
When Peter had calmed down enough, he finally released Pepper. She gave him a genuine smile before retrieving plates for the two of them. They sat together at the table eating and making small talk for a bit.
“What do I need a phone for anyway?” Peter butt-in, “It's not like I have friends to text, and you already gave me a computer.”
“Tony, babe? Can I talk to you?” Steve asked as he entered Tony’s lab. Tony looked up from his work and saw the nervous look on Steve’s face. He got slightly worried.
Monica threw open the front door. She heard the tv on in the living room. She quickly tossed her blanket on the nearest chair before dashing over to her other mom. She signaled for Carol to wait outside the room.
When Peter arrived at school, he finally began to see the fallout of all of his previous actions. Wade was nowhere to be seen. He had backed off after lunch yesterday, but Peter thought he might come back the next day. He didn't. Things were worse in first period. MJ didn’t even look in his direction for the entire class. It was obvious she was still upset, and Peter felt incredibly guilty. Things were just as bad in chemistry. Ned and Miles didn’t spare him a glance either.
“Yeah, really,” Sam replied, “You should grab it and head out for your mission. You don’t want to be late.”
“What do you mean not interested? You said I was attractive like 5 minutes ago. Are you not gay?” Wade seemed almost desperate for an answer.
Hey guys! Sorry for not posting a new chapter in forever. I know, I suck. I'm sure you guys don't want to hear any excuses so here's your new chapter. I will try my best to post more often. Also sorry it's a bit short.
Tony also liked to team up with other people to embarrass Steve. When Natasha asked him “Truth or dare?”, he said dare and winked at her.
He wasn't sure if he should help Steve or go do something else, so he stood there awkwardly watching both of them. Tony seemed to take notice.
It's been forever people! Sorry for not posting anything for so long. I promise that I won't disappear for like 7 months again. Anyway, enjoy the chapter and there's some important notes at the end.
The longer he waited, the more he doubted himself. He wondered if they changed their minds and he was waiting for something that was never going to happen. He tried to remind himself stuff like this takes a while, but his life was already full of so much disappointment he couldn’t be sure.
Bucky sighed in defeat. “No, alright. I just really need your help. I don’t want Steve to be mad at me.”
MJ was unusually quiet and looked a little nervous. Peter picked up on it and gave her a curious glance.
Tony, Thor, and Clint continued to argue what they should watch. Peter could guess this was a normal experience based on Natasha’s reaction. She rolled her eyes then got up to get popcorn.
“So, this is Pepper. She’s super smart, runs my company, she’s one of my best friends, and just an awesome person overall.”
Peter silently opened his door and stepped into the hall. It was very quiet, except he was pretty certain it was Tony who was snoring down the hall.
“They're crazy, but you’ll get used to it,” Tony told him with a smile, “Alright, let's show you your room.”
Peter nodded. He’s never heard of that place before. Was it a country? Peter wasn’t great with geography, but he was sure if Asgard was a country all the immature kids at school would have had a grand time making jokes out of it.
Peter sat in stunned silence for a minute. He hadn’t expected all of that. He also hadn’t expected such anger to come from MJ. She was normally a really chill person.
It only took Steve a few seconds to deduce what happened to his shield. He sighed in exasperation and shook his head.
“Good. Now go somewhere I can’t see you and don’t make a lot of noise.” His voice sounded threatening. Peter wondered why Alex had brought him when he clearly wasn’t wanted.
Peter looked at his savior. She gave him a tiny smiled before glaring at the group of students still crowding him. They all slowly returned to their seats, but not before some dropped scraps of paper with their numbers on them onto his desk.
“I don’t have a problem, and I have no clue what you’re talking about. I’m not a jerk,” he argued defensively.
The only way she felt connected to Carol was through the stars. She loved to stare off into the night sky and try to imagine where she was now. She knew Carol was on an important mission to find the Skrulls a home, but she didn’t think it would keep her away for so long.
He stood frozen in the doorway for a minute, fighting off another anxiety attack. The couple turned towards him and saw the panicked look on his face.
“You'd be safer at a private school. They'd keep your identity a secret and you could be a normal kid,” Tony explained, trying to convince Peter that's what was best for him.
Peter felt very touched by that comment. He knew he had a long way to go in his journey for improving his mental health, but he was also happy to know he was capable of having good days still. Hopefully he could continue his streak tomorrow.
He flashed an enthusiastic grin towards Steve. Steve shook his head, but couldn't resist smiling back.
“Listen up, you little asshole,” Peter was shocked by the words coming out of his mouth, “You do as I say. You do the chores I tell you to do. You don’t speak unless I say you can. If you don’t follow my rules, prepare to be punished. Do you understand me?”
He patted the chair next to him. Peter sighed and collapsed into the chair. He pulled out his phone and opened the conversation with the unknown number before handing it to Tony. He watched nervously as Tony read the texts.
Peter began to wonder if he should be telling them stuff like that. Anyone could be listening and what if they tried to break into Tony’s lab because Peter had told him that’s where all the suits are?
‘Why is Wade so persistent? He doesn’t even know me, but he’s acting like he knows we’re going to get together in the future. That’s so not happening,” he thought angrily.
He followed them to the elevator, and once he was inside, he began questioning Tony on what they did at the tower.
“That is a to secret invention of your fathers. I’m not allowed to say anything more,” the robotic voice from the ceiling replied.
When Peter finally reached the Avengers Tower, he found the couch occupied by some of the Avengers, so he decided to head to his room instead. After his very long and stressful day, all he wanted was to be alone in a quiet place for a bit.
He slowly opened the door and walked into the huge room. He looked around in awe. There was a big bed, a desk with a computer that was no doubt made by Tony, a flat screen tv on the wall, and a book shelf filled with tons of books.
Peter groaned yet again. He knew what the answer was going to be, but he hoped that maybe his dads would take pity on him.
“Well that doesn’t mean you cannot train. You just need to start small.” Thor tossed his weight on the floor. It landed with a loud thump that Peter could feel from across the room. Thor went over to grab the smallest weight and handed it to Peter.
Unfortunately, he wasn’t alone for very long. Peter only had a chance to lay on his bed for about a minute before his dads were knocking at his door wanting to talk about his day. Normally, he would appreciate that he had loving fathers that wanted to know how he was doing and about his life, but at that moment all Peter could do is groan and bury his face into one of his pillows.
He gave up and went back to his room. He was gonna try to get a little bit of sleep before their hearing in the morning.
“Hey there! I’m Miles and this Ned. What’s your name?” Miles asked cheerfully once Peter had joined them.
He was crawling around on the floor of his parents’ lab. He was about 3 years old at the time. His parents were running around the lab like they were looking for something, completely forgetting about Peter who was on the floor.
“One last thing though,” Alex turned to Steve and Tony, “I suggest you get Peter set up with a therapist. He used to see one when he was younger, but he hasn't been able to for a while, and think it would be good for him.”
Even more interesting was that their assignment for the day was to discuss the homework from the previous night. Obviously, Peter couldn’t participate, but didn’t stop the girl from turning towards him to start conversation.
Peter had been sitting in a separate room for over 30 minutes. He told himself not to care, but this was the closest he’s ever gotten to being adopted. He had the tiniest bit of hope deep down inside him that he would actually get adopted and finally be able to be happy. He knew that was nonsense though. Of course they wouldn’t want him after they saw his file.
Alex cut him off, “You know that’s not what I meant. Many couples want younger children rather than teenagers.”
They all froze, except for Natasha who took this opportunity to grab the remote, then she hopped onto the couch with a smile.
Once he got to school, however, everything felt much different from the day before. As he walked down the hall, most of the other kids were looking and pointing at him, and some were whispering to each other.
Peter wasn't sure what to say at this point. He couldn't bring himself to say no, but he was scared to say yes.
Peter felt absolutely horrible and could feel his face go warm from embarrassment. He quickly made his way to his table in the back corner. Once there, he sat and ate his lunch alone, occasionally glancing over to the other table across the cafeteria. The feeling of regret and guilt grew stronger and stronger by the minute, though, until Peter could no longer eat.
Peter dropped his bag on the floor and hopped onto the bed. He looked up at the ceiling and smiled. This was the first time he felt happy in a long time.
You know, I met Morgan at the funeral. She’s so much like you already. Smart, brave, and loving. I have a feeling she’ll be following in your footsteps one day, and I know she’ll be just as great as you. Don’t worry, I’ll be looking out for her. I won’t let her get into too much trouble.
Tony laughed as the elevator doors open. He followed his dads to the kitchen. They all sat down at the table.
It wasn’t long before Steve and Tony’s presence was known, though. Peter spotted them out of the corner of his eye.
He was hopeful. Peter seemed to like them beyond the fact that they were heroes that he looked up to.
Regardless feel free to leave me a nice comment to remind me people actually like my writing and that I should continue to write. Or go bug me on tumblr.
“For closure. I know you and dad haven’t like actually talked to each other in 3 years. I know you miss him and he misses you. You guys can still be friends.”
Peter didn't sleep long. Despite the fact that he felt safe in the tower, he was still plagued with nightmares and bad thoughts.
Peter wasn't sure if he should lie or not. He didn't particularly like talking to people about his dreams and nightmares, not that anyone really cared to ask about them before.
“Deal. I’ll pick you up after school tomorrow. See you later, Peter.” Alex waved goodbye and then left.
“Hey, remember what you told me yesterday?” Tony asked, sensing Steve’s uneasiness about Peter’s background. “You told me that we’d figure this out and that there’s no need to worry.”
Man I need to work and get this finished. I have so many projects that I have to work on, and other fics I am working on. Sorry this is gonna have to go a little slow, mangs....
"Alright, ducky retirement, gotta get you in your warm pajamas so we can eat," Tony hummed, standing up to grab a towel.
Steve kissed Peter goodnight, humming a lullaby until he fell asleep. That didn't take long and he headed to their own room soon after. He was met with a Tony splayed out on the bed. Steve playfully smacked his butt to get him to move over a little.
"Well, he's a baby and that’s the only way he knows how to tell us anything." Steve sighed back, leaning up. "Wanna see the problem this time?"
"Thanks. Thank you, that’s really appreciated." Steve said with a chuckle, starting to rinse Peter's hair.
"Well, thing is, the lake out back is sorta-kinda man made. It looks like a lake, heated like a pool. Water's warm, dude," Tony grinned, turning down a seemingly endless driveway, "And, best part, Jay's got security running so no one'll come bother us. We can have lake sex in peace."
careful with him, Peter. Nothing too sudden." Steve informed, heading towards the nursery with Tony.
Tony turned his head, kicking the covers off once Steve was gone. He sighed happily, drifting off to sleep again to dream about Steve's wonderful moans.
“The thing is, you don’t have to do it yourself, Steve.” Bucky chimed in, reassuring his friend. “More eyes looking for info, the better. We can find things out faster that way. Let Nat and I go digging for information. We’ll keep you in the know. And who knows? We might be able to find a cure to try.”
"Sure, bubba. If you want to do that." Steve smiled softly. "But what about Daddy? You don't want him to watch, too?"
"No touching. I wanna try to get you to come without your cock even being touched." He explained, bringing his fingers up to Tony's lips. "Get these nice and wet, all right? As slick as you can."
"Actually, I think you're right. That was a bad move on my part." Tony replied, furrowing his eyebrows slightly.
Peter shook his head, to which Tony sighed and looked down at Sammy, who happily squealed up at him.
"Oh no you don't, Tony Jr." Steve chuckled, picking Peter up and setting him on the bed. "If you are saying goodnight, you have to be going to bed yourself. No staying up to work on things you have a break from."
"You need a bath though, got sauce all over your face," Tony chuckled, scooping Peter up, "How about a bath, then we can play till bedtime? Sound good?"
"I know hon, but it's not like I snap the memories away," Tony mumbled, "I have a photographic memory, which makes it a
"Yeah! And den you 'n Papa can read me his comic book." The boy said happily, hugging around Tony's neck as the man held him. "I wanna learn 'bout Spidahman."
"Mmm, maybe. I know you'll think of something," Tony teased, sitting up and straddling Steve's waist, "I think you've had a good amount of
"Sort of bonding. Peter and Sammy wanted to hang out with each other for a while." Steve explained, without giving anything away. "You get your parts at the store, hon?".
like it, wow." He said, almost sounding awestruck. He wasn't used to Tony in the lacy things, but that made him appreciate it more.
Steve hummed a soft purr at the sound of that, sending Tony a smirk. "Oh, we'll definitely talk about all that tonight. But before bed when Peter is asleep and the others are in the guest house." He explained, turning to kiss Tony before entering the dining room.
Steve nodded softly in agreement, just letting the comfort of Tony's body with his help him drift off into sleep with his lover.
"I mean...If the severity of the act calls for it, a few swats won't hurt, I suppose." Steve said softly with a sigh. "I just hate having to punish him. When he was smaller, he rarely got in trouble."
"All a step at a time." Steve whispered happily, giving Tony eskimo kisses. "We'll have to spend time with Peter first when we get back, and we can tell him the news. Then, when we find out the gender, we'll be able to do all that for sure. God, I'm so excited."
"He's waving hello at you, Peter." Steve hummed happily, playing with Sammy's fingers on his other hand.
"They better," Tony hummed, kissing Steve back, "I've had enough bad things happen for one lifetime."
"Wasn't try'na wake ya up." Steve murmured back sleepily, grinning back but eyes still closed, "And maybe I like being a teddy bear. I see no harm in it.".
Steve sighed, leaning back in his chair and pulling over the newspaper and a pen to begin their ritual. Tony says he thinks better while doing the crossword.
"Mmm, whatever you want," Tony hummed, "You wanna fuck or be fucked?" He grinned, twirling the handcuffs on his fingers.
"It was during high school." Clint explained. "I started trying to stick people together based on their body language and actions around each other. Everyone relationship that I put together is still going strong today, and the name stuck. There is a lot a person can say without words, and around this Tony kid you are saying A LOT.".
Steve gasped and moaned under Tony's touch, hips picking up pace as he moved on Tony's cock. "Soon...Too soon, babe." Steve warned, feeling the warmth build up in the pit of his stomach.
mess on your bib, then you'll be good to go. Then we can have you try some new foods once all your teeth are in."
"Mmm, welcome baby." Steve hummed back with a grin. "Always so comfy." the blond enthused as he rested his chin on top of Tony's head. "So, what did you think of your first date?"
Steve Rogers was a loyal soldier. Being a respected captain over an army below the waves was more than enough to keep him content. He was good at it, despite being considered "young" for the job. He was a excellent strategist and has led his men in and out of many successful missions. His life was well occupied and fulfilling. Until strange objects started to appear in the water.
"Yeah." Steve hummed, rubbing small circles into Tony's back. "And the time will come sooner than we'll know it."
Tony flicked his eyes up to Bucky before scooting around him, dodging Clint's grasp with practiced ease; he didn't care that there were footsteps behind him, he didn't care that it was torrential outside, that the rain plastered his clothes to his skin and his hair to his face. He didn't
"Art room should be fine. It’s closer." Steve responded. "And with the play blanket, there is less chance of this one hurting himself if he tries to sit up again." He chuckled lightly.
"Daddy gots burned, an’ a helper wuz 'ospit'lized," Peter explained, ignoring Tony's motions to stop talking, "Daddy wouldn' even go t'the
He looked over to see Tony working with some metal, a few stray streaks of grease on his cheeks and hands, but he actually made it look good.
“We’ll see, Captain Cocksure,” Tony scoffed, earning an amused smirk from Bucky at the blond’s nickname, “Just because you recognized me enough for our little sleepover last night doesn’t mean that that’s the case for everyone that you know.”
"I don' want you t'--t'not love me anymore if I get a lil bwother or sister," Peter's lip wobbled slightly.
"Love you, Tony." Steve whispered with a warm smile, leaning in and kissing his forehead before shaking him lightly awake. "Cookies are done now, love."
The baby babbled and carefully rolled himself onto his stomach, pushing himself up before falling over against Tony, frowning.
He headed into the living room, scooping the boy up and onto his lap as the others started to congregate in the room as well.
He licked his lips, carefully unclipping the garters before pushing his stockings down to his ankles and gently tugging the panties down to Steve's knees.
don't have to behave right now." Steve shuddered with want. "Don't think I'd think of anything but you at the moment anyway."
He sat up, kissing Steve and dragging him with him. Steve followed Tony with a limp to wherever it was they were going to.
"We never did get you those nipple piercings," Tony commented carefully, "You'd look really pretty with a silver ball in your nipple."
It was his younger self; The one after the serum, the one that emerged from the ice and fought along the Avengers before he had went back. Started over. Before his life with Peggy, growing old with her, being closer with Howard if only to watch Tony grow up into the man who had saved them all. It wasn't the same as
Peter patted at his clothes gently, pretending to observe them like he didn't have a little secret kept from Tony.
"Peter will have someone he can hang out with and teach things to. At least when the baby gets older. And it'll have someone to look up to." Steve hummed happily in thought. "At least I hope. We never had siblings to know what it’s like to have siblings."
"I do, holy fuck, Steve," Tony whimpered, rolling his hips down to meet Steve's thrusts, "Y'so thick, completely tearing me up and it feels
"I wanted to let you sleep. And these are pretty fresh. It hasn't even been ten minutes." Steve admitted, kissing Tony back happily.
"He's kind-hearted and compassionate, underneath all that rough exterior," Bruce added, "He's a person to count on."
"We can do that. We can totally do that, sure thing love." Steve said enthusiastically, following Tony along eagerly.
"I am not. I can't help you feel embarrassed when I'm being sweet to you." Steve grinned sweetly, scooting close to Tony again.
Steve followed behind Peter quietly to his room, peeking inside the room to keep an eye on the boys. He still was a little suspicious of why Peter was getting Sammy himself.
"It's okay, munchkin. It happens." Steve smiled scooping the boy up and carrying him to his bedroom. He set Peter in bed, tucking him in with his penguin.
He leaned down to capture Tony's lips, flicking his tongue gently at the seam of Tony's lips playfully.
He continued with comforting caresses, sending thoughts of reassurance in waves. Tony shook his head and brought his arm out from under the blanket, carefully unwrapping the bandage.
"Peter? I need you to listen to Papa and I," Tony started, "He and I need to explain stuff to you. First off, we are not getting divorced, nor are we
"I'm assuming Stevie wants to introduce us to the lady downstairs," Tony said softly, sitting up with Sammy on his chest.
"And why do you think he told him that?" Steve said as he rolled out dough. "I mean, if Peter still wants to use it, he can. But by the time he hits four, that'll be the end. Okay bud?" He asked the boy.
Tony slipped his hand back up Steve's shirt again, gently rubbing the place he'd pinched earlier. He rested his head on Steve's chest, nuzzling into his side.
"I know, munchkin. Daddy and I are excited to see him, too. We'll have to try and be patient, though." He explained, helping Tony with their bags as they headed inside.
"It's just toys and stuff. Clint has a knack for sewing, apparently," Bucky mused, starting to unpack the desk/bed, "You start with the bed frame, and I'll do the desk? Then we can put the supports on and attach the bed."
"You're a hell of an officer in my book," Tony purred, tugging the blankets up around them, "Just like I'm a teacher in yours. Which we should do again. Soon."
"Steve, I am so sorry.  I shouldn't have acted like I did, you didn't do anything wrong. I just-- I got into it with my dad, and you how my relationship with him is so I wasn't in the best of moods. At that time I was angry and confused and I--".
Almost on command, Steve lasted only a few pumps before he came. He tried to control his volume, but his moan as he hit his high came out louder than he planned it to.
"Honey, I could get a rocket to take us to the moon." Tony bit his lip, a tiny smile on his lips. "I don't wanna move too fast for you," he said quietly.
"I was hoping to break off whatever we had started before we got too involved. I thought it would make it easier for both of us when it came for me to leave. But you make it damn near impossible.".
"I'm just trying to snuggle. I dunno what you're talking about, hubby." Steve laughed, wrapping around the man.
fast," Tony teased, laughing when Steve shot up in bed, "I'm kidding, sweetie, c'mon, warm shower for the thoroughly fucked."
“I’d say someone is definitely hungry. Good call, Bruce.” Tony hummed in amusement, standing to go and grab Steve another plate of food and something to drink. Once he had the blond settled with his spoils, he took his own plate and ate at some bacon while he moved to join Bruce in their findings. “So, what do we got going on, Brucie?”
He reached over into their nightstand to pull out a bottle of lube, quickly pouring it over his fingers and warming it up. Steve gave a quiet whine at the loss of Tony's hand working him, hips almost tilting up to follow the man's hand.
The boy nodded and kissed him back, blowing a kiss at Steve before wiggling out of Tony's arms to scamper out of the lab.
"A-Ah--To--Ton--!" Steve croaked out before he was coming across their chests hard. His vision had whited out for a moment as he rode out the pleasure, muscles twitching and body thrumming.
"I know I can't. It's such a curse," Tony sighed dramatically, moving Steve's knees up to kiss at his inner thighs, "I feel so bad that you have to put up with it."
"Hey," Tony warned, making a face at the smirking kid, "Only I get to roll your eyes at your father."
"Scared the heck out of me, too. That’s like the one thing I am still allergic to." Steve admitted, turning back to Peter.
"Wittle..." Peter murmured, making a small gesture with his hand. "Buh you 'n Papa dun use 'em. So I'll be 'kay...".
"Sammy was an angel," Bucky hummed, putting his arms around Clint and Natasha's waists, "I think we'll decide soon what we want."
"I'll probably wake up by the time we get back," Tony grumbled softly, trailing behind Steve to the parking lot, "Which means I can give you the show I promised."
Steve looked around at the different machines around the apartment. "So, you make all of these? What do they all do?".
"It’s okay, we both are," Tony laughed softly, "We just need to get home safely, and then we can tuck Peter in, change Sammy and put him in some comfortable clothes, and just go from there, yeah?"
"Mmm, you almost caught me in my last bout. When Dad died. For the bastard he was, still hurt like a bitch. And I did the day I met you. Before I met you. I'd just cleaned myself up when you gave me my mail." Tony laughed weakly, a choked sob hitching in his throat.
"Hey! Wait up!" Tony called, managing to climb over the fence. He chased after the guy, following him up to this hide out, it felt like. Weird place for one, but hey, who was he to judge other people's preferences.
"No, no, baby, you're good, more than good," Tony slurred, relishing in the pleasant ache in his body. “That--that was amazing,” He sighed happily, laughing softly. “Can we move up to the bed? I'm afraid I might get too sore to move..."
"I bet ya could. I have faith." Steve laughed as he stretched and headed towards the bathroom, grabbing aspirin and a glass of water. "Glad to know you enjoyed yourself, though." He grinned cheekily, handing over the goods.
"We'll have to talk about it with Peter when he feels better and see what he thinks, though. He is a big part of it, too."
"Well, let's go get you dressed, and Papa will see if we're taking you over, or if they're coming to get you," he hummed, swooping Peter up to take him upstairs.
"How about this;" Steve continued. "I ask you any question I want, you give a response, and then you can ask me any question you want and I will respond. For every response, the next person gets to ask another question.".
"I have a feeling this will become frequent." The blond hummed, allowing Tony to curl up on top of him. "What other ways do you suggest? Being a doctor, I know of substances to help, but I would like to know what you suggest, detective."
"I speak fluent French, Italian, Greek, and a couple other languages," Tony hummed, slipping a hand down to squeeze Steve's butt, "I mean, if it turns you on to speak different languages, I'll fuck you to Latin, if you want."
Peter cheered, bear ears flopping on his hood. Tony laughed, going to scoot off the bed with the bear in his arms.
"You're okay, sweetie, you're alright," Tony murmured, "Let's put you in your favorite onesie so you're all comfortable for snuggles, okay?"
"Not weird," Tony protested softly, laughing into Steve's neck, "I never have a quiet night. I can't stand the quiet." He gentle massaged the dimples in Steve's lower back, pressing open kisses over his neck. "What'd you think? Too much for you?"
"You touch me all the time, what do you mean?" Steve joked, grinning at his husband and kissing his cheek.  "But yeah, I like getting to just cuddle with you." He hummed. "Doesn't happen too often. And we do have Peter here to say it’s gross."
"Yeah, yeah, aspirin," he wheezed, laughing into his pillow, "God, Steve. Wish I could fuck you into oblivion like that."
"I'll come wake you up when dinner's done, okay? I'm making spaghetti." He hummed, kissing his forehead.
"Are you kidding? I'd buy you the moon, if I could," Tony laughed quietly, still patting Peter's back, "But that sounds great. I'm sure he'd love time with his Papa, and he
purposefully be mean to you," Tony replied, sitting back in his desk chair. He paused. "Unless, of course, that's what you want."
"I'm gonna shower," he murmured softly, grabbing a quick kiss before getting up, stretching and picking out clothes for the day as he moved to the bathroom.
"Baby boy, please don't cry." Steve said sadly, hugging Peter to him. "There's nothing else we can do about it, munchkin. Please don't cry."
He positioned himself under Steve, groaning as the blond sank down onto him. Steve gasped as he tried to adjust to Tony, staying still until he was ready. As soon as he began to move his hips slowly, quiet moans began to leave his lips.
"Fuck," Tony muttered, leaning up on one elbow, "You're so pretty with my cock in your mouth, babe." He smirked, running a hand through Steve's hair before pulling his head back, slowly thrusting up into his mouth.
That pushed him over the edge: Steve came, moaning Tony's name and legs wobbling, the desk the only thing keeping him up. Feeling Steve clench around him sent stars up Tony's spine, slamming his hands on the desk to keep himself standing.
"Occasionally, I meet with the child if they want to meet," Sharon replied softly, "That might seem.... strange, and a bit cold to you two, but with the way my condition is, I'm not sure if I will be able to meet the child. The last of my eggs were donated right before the beginning of my treatment, so--"
"Go upstairs. Lemme take care of the kid," Tony murmured, "Art room, grab the gag from the bottom left drawer of the desk, lube if you're feeling lucky, and I want all your clothes
"I'm flattered. Really." Steve answered, most likely grinning like an idiot. He never had so much attention in his life, he didn't know what to do with it.
Sammy gurgled back happily, but Steve held him close. "If you're sick, we need to disinfect everywhere. We can't have the baby getting sick. And if you don't feel well, we need to get you up to bed, hydrated and resting."
"Hey yourself." Steve whispered back with a soft smile, snuggling both Tony and Peter to him. He kissed back, nuzzling Tony's cheek gently.
"So you enjoy your spankings?" Tony teased, "You're such a naughty boy, Stevie. Bet your boyfriend loves it."
"You want creative, baby? I can do creative," Tony murmured, "Tell me what you want, sweetheart. Down to a T. Specifics."
"Bleeding does not equal fine, Tony." Steve said worriedly, moving Tony's hand to clean the cut. "I'll have to make sure it doesn't scar. Jeez, I'm sorry Tony."
" Tony snorted, putting his feet up on the coffee table, "I still don't know how you roped Nat and Pep into that."
Sammy garbled as they sat down, letting out a laugh as Tony kissed his hair. His first actual laugh, not just a garble as he played with Tony's fingers.
Tony snorted a laugh, pressing kisses into Steve's side. Steve grabbed one of his pillows and smacked Tony playfully.
"But you wouldn't eva lets ladies give ya special kissies!" Peter gasped, holding onto Sammy. "You says thats only for Papa."
"What way did you think it would go?" Tony laughed softly, scratching his stubble against Steve's cheek.
"Steve's my friend. I think he knows that I like him. It kind of comes with the whole thing of being friends with someone.".
"Alright. Food should be done by the time you're out." He called back, heading down into the kitchen to get things started.
"Shh, don't be," Tony soothed, guiltily drying the razor off and setting it aside, "Not your fault." He wrapped his arms around Steve, burying his face in his chest before having to pull back to grab his medical kit, sitting back down to address his new wound.
yes. And hopefully we will be doing much more--?" He purred in question, kissing Tony teasingly before they headed into the house.
"You get an easy question, a small article goes first." He replied, undoing his tie and tossing it aside, then proceeding to undo the first three buttons of his shirt. A small bit of lace and powder blue material slightly peeked over the buttons.
"He's gonna at all deh cookies by himselfs," He gasped, taking the bag from Steve once his bandaids had been paid for.
"Peter is swelling up, Tony. I think he's allergic to shrimp!" Steve nervously, rushing out his chair and over to Peter to check him out. "We'll probably need to take him to the hospital, because this doesn't look minor."
“Not much, honestly.” Bruce answered with a thoughtful hum “Until we get more data the next couple of times he shifts, there really isn’t any patterns to look into. All this info is giving me is that he was exhausted after the change and honestly slept like a rock because of his body trying to fight with the pain.”
--!" He moaned loudly and rocked back desperately on Tony's fingers, hitting his spot over and over and over. "Yes, yes,
He looked to find Tony having a fit in his sleep. Steve shook the man lightly, trying to wake him carefully.
"Oh my god. Shush, you," Tony playfully smacked his hand away, raising an eyebrow at Steve, "You need to get up once the medicine kicks in to work out the ache. You know that, right?"
“Morning. I figured you might be really hungry after changing last night, so I made sure to make plenty.” Bruce offered with a soft smile, heading towards the chamber with plates. “There’s some for you too, Tony. I figured we’d all eat while I look over last night’s data and see if we can prep for tonight as well based on the data.”
“Bruce is bringing breakfast. Eggs, bacon, pancakes; He’s got the works.” The blond alerted, Tony about to ask how he knew when Bruce walked into the lab. The scientist had a dining cart loaded with plates of food, all of which Steve had listed (plus hashbrowns). He was serious, Bruce had the works.
"He'll probably--a-ahh-- ask questions if we did. Okay, no more talking until later about this-- oh, God." He moaned out.
Steve kissed Tony's cheek, just holding him, close and comforting. "As long as you're sure. And you can talk to me about anything whenever, just so you know, okay? Anything bothering you." He assured.
your PA, remember." Steve responded with a stretch, moving to go get dressed as well for the day. "What sort of work are you needing to do?"
Once Peter was changed, they tugged the boy up into the bed with them. Steve shushed him gently, taking the little bear in his arms and rocking him gently. He knows Peter was old for lullabies, but Steve thought it might calm his boy down.
"Hey there, bubba. Not feeling any good?" He said softly, heading towards Peter and Tony when they came into the room. "We'll get you some rest, okay?"
"You're so fucking good Steve, such a pretty mouth--" Tony managed to last a few more seconds till he fell over the edge, moaning deeply as he came down Steve's throat.
"Believe me, leave it to those that like it," Tony sighed, drying the glasses and stacking them away, "I've tried, but Natasha's a born and raised Russian. She talks circles around me."
"Hmm, I think I could manage if need be. I can handle quite a bit." He assured with a smirk. "But I promised to be good, so I better keep that promise."
," Tony huffed, "Steve, I'd rather you groan at me than bleed everywhere." He slouched slightly, looking pretty pitiful.
an idiot sometimes but--" He screwed up his face and hiccupped, taking his glasses off to rub at his eyes. "--But it's comforting and I know I can't stop right away for you, I'm just going to disappoint you."
"Right, right. Sometimes I forget that you're a face of the public." Steve smirked, turning into a soft smile. "As long as you're sure, Tony. As long as you're sure." He hummed, kissing him sweetly.
He hummed softly, giving Steve another kiss before sitting up, trudging to the bathroom to grab a wet rag. Going back to the bedroom, he cleaned Steve off first, tugging a blanket up around him before cleaning himself off. He tossed the rag in the hamper and crawled back into bed, happily curling up into Steve's warmth.
"I still spoil you, little brat," Tony hummed, raising an eyebrow again, "You'll never have to work a day in your life if you don't want to."
"Understandable. With what he did, it’s horrible to say, but he doesn't deserve your tears." Steve grunted softly, kissing at Tony's face. "No one who hurts you terribly deserves them."
"Hey, hey, shhh, Papa's gonna go ask, okay?" Tony immediately grabbed Peter's hand again, having the boy concentrate on him, "You're alright sweetheart, you just don't feel so good, I know, I'm sorry, I love you, you're gonna be okay..."
"His name changed? I never expected that." The woman said thoughtfully. She stepped inside, coat in hand as the door shut behind her.
"There you go, Petey, all moved in," Tony breathed, putting his hands on his hips as he surveyed the room, "Real easy, huh?"
"We should get dressed and then check on him." Steve clarified, petting at Tony's hair softly. "I hope he's not still upset about earlier. Are you good to walk?"
Steve grabbed onto Tony's hip with his free hand and held it up as he moved his fingers a few more before pulling them out and slicking himself up.
"I can't keep doing this, human. They'll have my gills if they knew I was her with ya." Steve panted lightly, eyes locking on the gorgeous blue light once more. Something shook him out of his gaze however before too long, sending a startled shiver down his spine.
"Doctor Rogers, Stark," Natalia greeted, "I would shake your hand, but as you can see, I'm up to my elbows in bile."
Steve huffed a laugh softly. "After the holidays. They are for family. So... Maybe around New Years?" Steve offered quietly, kissing behind Tony's ear.
"Either way, it’s impressive. He's first grade age doing middle school work. He gets that from you." Steve told Tony with a playful smirk. "As long as he doesn't feel pressured with it and he is happy with the advancement, then I'm happy to have two smart men in the family."
"Hey there." Steve grinned back as Sammy tried to play with the book pages. "Munchkin get all tuckered out?"
"I've always been good with babies," he murmured, gently tipping the bottle for Sammy, "Ma-- She made sure I knew how to take care of them since I was seven."
"We weren't going to decide on anything though until we knew if you were okay with it or not, though." Steve pointed out. "It’s a family decision, so your opinion has to be counted too, baby."
Steve hummed softly as he finished up his work, tugging down at Tony's pants. "Feels like I got most of the knots out now." He stated, started to slowly massage Tony's cheeks.
"Not burnt. Just a little crispy. Still edible, trust me." Tony offered back with a warm smile. "Besides, I never have guests who want to make
have some sort of psychological connection; at least, that’s what Tony explained, showing Steve the various algorithms that he thought went into the universe’s decisions. Tony had been showing him
"How will we work that, by the way? I can only help teach him so much. You're the one more qualified, but you are the one working."
"I'm pretty sure that doesn't work that way." Steve chuckled, sneaking under the covers with Tony. "It’s alright if you've never really been on a date. It'll make it more special for you, then."
Steve groaned at Tony's nails in his back, moaning as he felt Tony clench around him. God, he missed that feeling. He gave a few more shallow trusts before he came inside Tony's warmth.
He took a deep breath before continuing. "Sorry, I am just really nervous and excited and a lot of things right now. I'm not usually this much of a spaz with people, I swear."
"And he may not be the best of talking about his own things emotionally, but he is willing to listen and great to vent to when needed." Clint said in addition to Bucky's statement.
"Thank you. So much," he murmured, turning a gentle smile to them, "I couldn't have asked for anything better."
"I'm not going to." Steve said softly, kissing Tony once more. "Don't want to put more stress on your body until you feel better."
Tony whined softly, gently nipping at Steve's neck. Steve hummed at the nips happily, wriggling under Tony slightly.
going through fucking withdrawal and--fuck it, I wouldn't be surprised if you gave me the ring back."
"Yeah. Yeah, that was better." He hummed sweetly. "Not as harsh and in one small spot. Felt better."
"Please, Tony." He panted lightly, breaking the kiss to trail kisses along Tony's neck. "Please... Please..."
"Does he? Gee, can't imagine why." Steve teased, getting everything set up for now and migrating towards Tony and the baby.
"All right. Your’s is done. And when you get done, we'll leave the light on for a little bit then see if it glows in the dark." He hummed happily.
Tony's breath caught in his throat at Steve's scream, barely holding in a moan as Steve pushed him over the edge, completely filling Steve. Tony pulled out and flopped down next to Steve, busting out into laughter.
"Wrench, screwdriver. That's pretty much it," Tony mumbled around a screw between his teeth, "Stupid thing comes
"Tony, we--we're still in front of the mirror." He whispered, trying to keep his legs from buckling.
"It just had me worried," Steve said carefully, kissing Tony's cheek in return. "I can't even bear the thought of losing you. Not until we're old and gray with grandbabies and everything." He insisted, hugging Tony sweetly. "And I wouldn't want to leave you, either."
He whimpered softly until the pain lessened completely, giving Steve the go-ahead by nipping at his jaw.
Steve followed suit and grabbed up the rest of the bags, following to the inside of the cabin where he nearly dropped said bags at the sight.
He walked over to go slip on his own pajamas, sitting on the edge of the bed and watching Tony search around. "What are you looking for?"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tony nodded again, smooching Steve's chest before carefully stepping out of the shower, handing Steve a towel and wrapping one around his own waist.
"Well, there are lots of reasons why." The man answered. "He's brilliant, funny, caring and loving. He has his problems, but everyone does. He's my first love and my last. My soulmate..." He answered, quiet and fond.
Tony nodded with a happy sigh, nuzzling Steve's neck as the pressure rested on his groin. "Please, please baby," he whimpered, pushing himself back onto Steve's lap.
"You can suck that stuff down like that, sweetie. You aren't used to carbonation. That’s like what soda pop has in it, and you haven't drank soda, really."
Pete eventually clambered into the room in his shark onesie, climbing on the bed to lay down next to Sammy.
"Mhm. We get to clean footprints off the walls when we get back, though," Tony replied nonchalantly, picking up the picnic basket, "I'm sure you can reach them, right, Peter?"
"Mmm, s'okay, gettin' a head-start," Tony murmured, snuggling down into the bed, "On the welts thing."
"Peter, now that's enough." Steve spoke firmly. "You want us to treat you like a big boy, but you have to act like a big boy. It’s this how big boys act?" He asked the boy carefully.
"Tony, I have a few stock predictions to discuss regarding our green energy movement-- Oh. Hello." The woman stopped, looking at Steve in slight surprise with papers in hand.
"Jus' a little nap. Then we can help move Peter in and talk," He murmured, almost instantly drifting off.
"Whatever you want, dearie," Tony replied, automatically lacing his hand with Steve's, "All I know is they have French silk pie and I'm a sucker for that."
"Well," Tony continued "I really don't care if he is the dean or not. The only reason I'm here is because he enrolled me in to have a major in business.".
"I love you too, bambi," Tony murmured, washing the soap out of his hair, "But you're kinda crushing me, since you weigh twice as much, and I'd like to fall into bed with you rather than fall asleep in a cold bathtub."
"No sad talk, Steve, I'm so tired, I might cry and god knows Peter'll wake up and cry with me," Tony breathed, curling up into Steve's warmth, "I need, like, a five hour energy. Or coffee."
"We'll knock him out and take him somewhere he doesn't recognize." Red said flatly, a smirk on her lips as she began walking towards Tony.
Steve rolled his eyes softly, moving to kiss Tony's lips sweetly. "I'll go make us some coffee and some bacon and eggs."
"Mmh--" Steve moaned against Tony's lips, whining softly as their hips brushed. He gasped softly when their lips parted.
"We could say we are trying a new way of painting if he happens to ask." Steve hummed playfully, drawing shapes on Tony's back.
"It's perfect." He whispered to him sweetly. "Once we're ready, it'll be perfect. Now let’s go see the rest. Although, I'm pretty sure that I already love this place--".
still feel a little awkward about it when you show me new things. But at least he will be well informed." He hummed, leaning in to kiss Tony sweetly.
“Babe, its okay. We’ll find her. Dodger and I will help you look,” Steve assured with a soft smile, glancing down at his Sylveon, “Right, buddy?”
"Thank you, Natasha." Steve stated with a smile in thanks. "What else is there that still needs to be brought in?"
"Gotcha. See you soon, Tony." Bucky said thankfully, hanging up the phone and kneeling beside Peter lying on the couch. "Your Daddy will be here soon to pick you up, okay squirt? You can come visit us again when you're feeling better." He said softly, kissing the boy's forehead.
As expected, Steve did swim towards the humans. Well, towards that specific armor-clad human. Specifically towards where he left him in the sand. The armor was too interesting not to try and see again. And that blue light... Beautiful. It was something Steve would only think of in dreams and marvel at the thought.
"I've bumped into him a couple of times, yeah. Didn't know you were friends with him. Can't believe I hadn't met you until today, though." Steve said, shaking his head and venturing to pet at Tony's hair lightly as it rest in his lap. "And if that is manly and not cute, what do you consider this?" He smirked, and eyebrow raised.
about it, and it won't be for a good couple years down the road," Tony whined, "I'm just thinking, Stevie."
"Okay, c'mon, you can do better," Peter teased, waiting for Sammy to crawl back over to him, "You've done it b'fore!"
"You're hiding something." He said simply at a whisper to Tony. "If you are really hurt and not telling me, I--" he paused. "I will call the others to watch the boys while I take you to the doctor."
"So it really was you. If you know about 'my light'." He said almost reluctantly. "The ol' 'show me yours, I'll show you mine', huh? Looking is fine, just-- no touching it. And I get to feel the material first."
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve's waist, resting his head on the blond's chest. He sighed happily, smiling at his giggling boy.
"Mmm... Feels good." Steve hummed in content, eyes half lidded as he relaxed into the touch. "Magical hands, love." He smiled warmly
Tony drove into his garage about a quarter passed eight. When he parked, he got out of the vehicle with a heavy grunt, taking a second to lean against his car to compose himself.
"Passed, yes." Tony finished, stroking tears off of Steve's cheeks gently with his thumb. "This is more or less the crossroads. You had been visiting a lot the past few weeks, but there was still a grip holding you to Earth. But you settled what you needed. You may not have thought you knew you were skating the edge, but deep down you knew, yeah?"
