Steve began to walk over to his spouse and halted with a startle when a blond man dressed in a crimson leather jacket bounded in front of him, hand stretched out and awestruck grin on his sparsely bearded face.
Steve nodded gravely and gently helped the hurting god to his feet. With a slow step he guided Loki through the waiting room and into his wedding chambers, earning him a sharp look from the God, but he remained quiet. Out of convenience or pain, Steve could only guess. With a firm hand, Steve settled Loki onto the large bed and rang for his chamber girl to call for a healer. Throughout this process, Loki’s green eyes followed the Captain with an undecipherable expression. If Steve were a lesser man, he would have been uncomfortable under the intense scrutiny. But his experience as a Soldier and a Showman (dancing monkey selling war bonds) gave him a bit more resistance to open ogling than he was entirely comfortable with. Steve turned to his brother in law after he saw out the skittish maid and cleared his throat.
Thor swung a little too harshly at Lady Sif, earning a reproachful glare and a punch to the ribs for his slip. Thor only grew more irritated as he snarled “How did you even know of Steven’s love for art?”
The plot thickens and secrets are revealed.
“Strip poker” Steven deadpanned “I married into Asgard royalty to play strip poker”
“I bid you farewell, Mother!”
The Director smiled crookedly and picked his bags up as the rest of the Team gathered their belongings with small but heartfelt smirks.
“Guys, my wife Laura”
“Ohhh, snap”
“I can explain” The God groused, hands held out in peace.
“Thor, I swear to God…”
Her younger son smiled tenderly, as he had not smiled for her in so long “You still have me” He whispered warmly, so soft it could only be for her heart to catch. Slowly, Frigga settled in her son’s arms, gripping his hands tightly there where they curled around her belly, drawing comfort from the embrace as she nodded to herself.
“Liar” Frandal chanted. “The man is an artist; he has an eye for beauty as do I”
The Captain bit his lip in mortification “It was an accident?”
“…yes”
Steve’s eyeballs near popped out of his skull: “Oh Geez, Hulk”
“I must admit” Loki drawled, voice soft as in prayer “Odin is a true master of schemes”
“He is glorious, your Highness.”
“Spawning?!” Stark hissed coming nose to nose with the embarrassed captain “I built 40 suits of armor last month, saved the president and nearly died on the surgery table and you thought I was off making babies?”
, his handsome face clear and taken by pleasure, that charming blush set high on his cheekbones and his body.
The Captain cleared his throat and turned to his teammates, counting heads and sighing when they rounded out. The Hulk climbing up the rainbow bridge, sullen and soaked to the bone with help of Iron Man and the rowdy cajoling of Hawkeye. The Black Widow standing by in case the Big Green decided that he was done with the archer and Thor, his husband. Eyeing his father with wide, fearful eyes.
Steve nodded and they were escorted to their rooms in silence.
Heimdall observed the humans gathered, saw into them, leaving them shaking and uncertain. He found them all wanting.
“I can’t, Thor, no”
“Director.”
Drax gasped a deeply affronted breath, his hand coming up to his wide, naked chest in a dismayed clasp “I would
It took a moment to sink in, as Thor stood there, breaths coming in pants and a meaty hand pressed to his wide, heaving chest. And then of course, the booming laughter.
“For your information, Katniss. I would look fantastic in a dress” Tony shot back, completely unperturbed by the statement and sipping what had to be his sixth drink of the night.
What followed was a whirlwind of ungainly laughter, pointed ribbing and ever increasing ridicule. The people were paraded into the Rodeo where they all tried their hand on the magical artifact and all failed. Thor felt a secret vindication at each trumped attempt, bittersweet in his mouth now that the worst had happened, by his own hand no less. Thor chugged down his bottle of beer, perhaps he could drown his heartache in this foul concoction and forget what an imbecil he was. If just for a night.
This was all he could ever ask for.
Lighting fast, Thor found himself pulled into the cell, straddled by his evil brother with a mask of unholy mirth. “You were always so slow, brother”
With a pained shout, Thor felt the tendrils of Loki’s magic scorching his wrists, binding him to the cell’s cold floor in an unbreakable grip. Loki’s eyes shinned an emerald blaze as his magic, once bound and suppressed, spilled forth in menacing waves.
Avengers vs Heimdall. Steve requests a trial by combat.
“It’s impossible” Hogun breathed, eyes wide and face pale as they observed in silence how the Captain began to bend the Giant’s arm, inch by inch.
“All is as it should be…”
seen, he thought happily, and covered himself as best he could while his mind whirled and raced with his memories.
The God’s frown deepened at this “What other contenders?”
“Hey there, Princess Bride” He greeted “You left in a hurry”
“Sir-I mean, your Highness?” The voice man scrambled to correct, astounded into ineptitude “That is nowhere near enough”
“You have to calm down buddy, you’re making the humans nervous.”
Frigga gazed down at the golden band with wide, appreciative eyes “Ringerike, impressive.”
The remaining days of their hunting trip after the beating where spent in quiet cheer, as the third day Frandal was up to siting out in the sun and by the fifth well enough to request a sponge bath from the Captain, which almost landed him back in a deathbed if Volstagg had not tackled Thor to the floor while Hogun dragged a giggling Frandal back to his tent. Steven continued his humming and stirring of the pot of stew, smiling up to Sif as she sampled the brew and tittered appreciatively.
“Are you alright there, Thor?” The Captain shouted over the groans and cries of the detained entourage and frowned down at him with worry. Thor sighed disheartened.
Later Tony found himself pissing drunk in his workshop, eyes stinging, puffy red, and he had managed to keep it just under 2 and a half hours. He coughed to clear his sore throat, from all the wailing or drinking, he could only guess. In front of him, in faded papers so old they had become brittle and yellowed, was everything he had ever dreamed of.
The went for Fondue, and of course Howard had shared that particular misunderstanding with Tony and
out, the last waves of pleasure rolling off his hips,  riding out the sensation until they finally stilled; Thor laying heavy and limp over his husband, Steven’s legs sprawled wide open to accommodate the God as he petted his long, tangled hair in tender, if uncoordinated touches.
“You” Thor replied sincerely. Enjoying the harrumph cut off by a yawn as the Captain settled down on his back with a sigh.
Steve swallowed thickly around a sad smile. “It’s only three days and someone has to stay with Loki until I can think of something for his sentence.”
At least in this he was well matched with Thor. The captain smiled crookedly, his palm open and waiting for Heimdall’s to acquaint.
“By Algrim’s hand” Again, not a question.
The Guardian blinked at the unhelpful explanation; face blank as he nodded and finally turned to walk away, his gift held in reverent hands, much to the archer’s mirthful surprise.
Loki shrieked a breathless giggle at the blushing Captain.
The door to the washroom closed softly behind Loki’s back as he left the two spouses to tend to his morning needs. Thor sat quietly by the edge of their bed, his sullen eyes glued to the door where his little brother had disappeared, as if guarding it from an evil foe would suddenly appear and attempt to harm the dark God. As if he could possibly save him from further harm.
“I know what you’re thinking, Thor” Jane said, sitting up and away, avoiding Thor’s confused frown “I know what you want me to do”
“Non taken.” Thor grinned.
“It’s not so simple” Steve began, eyes coming to rest on his now perfectly healed brother in law and shinning with honesty. “I would, if I thought you deserved it”
Steven released deep down the God’s throat with a cut off cry; his large cock thrust all the way, hips rolling in place, his heavy member massaging Thor’s walls and drawing out his pleasure in smooth, incredibly sensual motions until he grew still; a soft mewl escaping his gaged lips as Thor drew out and gave teasing, parting suckles to his softening cock.
“You know you don’t actually own Times Square, right?” Banner asked with a shaky, crooked smile. obviously nervous and slightly overwhelmed under the crowd’s avid eyes.
“May the Norn’s bless you with many children” Hogun jested, placing a congratulatory hand to Thor’s shoulder, as a married man himself, his words carried a deeper meaning than the jokingly spoken tone he delivered them. And Thor could only smile all the brighter when Frandal wailed in despair.
He got up and went to the bathroom, slipping out of the too tight pajama pants Clint had lent him and jumping into the shower for a quick scrub. He had slept surprisingly well last night, he had called his councilor from Clint’s land line, explained his delay and apologized profusely for standing the man up.
He saw the man part with a sigh and immediately perked up as he crooked his head to the side and watched him go. There is always a silver lining, he supposed.
“Steven!”
“Behave, Thor” She scolded softly, accepting the reigns of her mare from one of her maidens and mounting gracefully, her blue eyes never leaving her son’s “Your marriage is not set on stone”
“You hurt one of our voice men”
“Then don’t” Thor said, confusing the Soldier “No start, just speak, I will listen until you are done”
“I hope you realize what you have in your hands now.”
Their eyes met for a second and they burst in loud streams of laughter. Both showering the other in giggling, uncoordinated kisses. Like two awkward, horny teenagers. His heart sang for her, funny having hot sex while fantasizing about another man would make them feel so close, so in-tune. Absolutely in love with this woman.
“Asgard!” Odin thundered, drowning the halls in respectful silence once more as he spoke “Brothers and Sisters of the nine realms”
Steve bowed his head low and counted his breaths until he felt the waves of despair recede. Just as he was regaining a semblance of composure, a knock was heard at his door. Steve blinked and straightened.
That night they feasted on Steven’s prize, the fine Captain dressed smartly in silver grays and whites, giving him a holy light about him as he followed tradition and carved the roasted bilgesnipe for the best pieces and gallantly presented them to Thor, for him to sample first before turning and presenting the steamy slices of supple meat to the King and Queen, to give their approval of the courting gift.
Thor frowned at the Man of Iron and Steven scoffed “It’s good to see you too, Tony.”
Thor’s heart trembled and fell at the words, hurt silencing his protests in the face of his own father shaming him so.
“That’s what Colonel Nick Fury is here for and however much we appreciate your generosity, this is a bit above your payrate.”
“Thor.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s ok” Steven comforted, blush high on his cheeks as he admitted with an endearing, self-depicting shrug “I don’t know it either….”
In Thor’s darkest, most frustrated moments these last few weeks, he could almost come to believe that Loki would have been a fine ruler to these silver-tongued vipers. A thought that he quickly dissipated in guilty shame, as he had only himself to blame if his diplomatic skills were as measly as to be trampled by human diplomats. For now, behold, the mighty Thor, spread eagled on Stark’s couch, bullied by humans and prolonging his return in political defeat.
The price he had paid for it though. That would take some adjusting.
“Good night, Husband.”
Thor curled unto himself on the marbled floor, his arousal all but shriveled and holding himself in a comforting ball, rocking slightly as he mentally cleansed himself of the horrendous slip. To his right, a door opened and thus entered Steven, humming softly to himself, his beautiful eyes blinking wide and innocent at the sight of his husband laying on the floor in a fetal position while his evil brother in law stretched and arched shamelessly in his bed.
Thor shrieked and leapt out of the bed in a heap of furs and blankets, stumbling backwards blindly until the back of his thighs hit the balcony rail and was gracelessly kicked off the high platform by a furious Director.
“Didn’t stop you from jumping at the chance.”
The God rewarded him with a smooth glide and clench of his fist along his length, curling and swirling in expert flicks of his wrist over the bulbous head of Steven’s cock, retracting the skin and teasing the tip with it in fast, near fucking motions.
The man sat in silence, eyes with an empty, faraway look. “I don’t know what I want anymore, Tony”
“Oh, of course” Thor said, shrugging in a valiant attempt to dissipate his embarrassment “I knew that”
“Ahhhh!” Volstagg cried his victory, rising to his feet and spreading his arms wide. Steven laughed and cheered, clearly a bit more than just tipsy by the Asgardian beverage.
Thor slid his hands back to cup Steven’s bum, kneading and guiding it to grind softly against his growing interest, drawing a soft moan from the man’s lips as he wrapped his arms around the God. Steven’s fingers treaded eagerly through the golden locks and sunk into their kiss with fervor. For he now knew the pleasures of their bodies joining and ached for more.
Heimdall faced him blankly and turned to walk away as Thor called after him, shaking with restrained laughter.
Odin clenched his jaw, shoulders pulled rigidly tight. “So be it”
Thor grinned proudly.
“I will never let you go, my love.” The God vowed, cuddling the shivering, sleepy man to his chest “Now lay back, you will not be alone.”
“And a grand one it will be, my Queen” The man groused fervently, eyes bright and his voice thick with uncharacteristic emotion as he bowed deeply before the Mother of Gods. “Please, my Queen, I have spent centuries teaching deaf, talentless children of the court; wasting away ignored and unwanted. And now I have finally found a student who not only wishes to learn but has a smidgen of grace and a keen, emotive eye!” The man fell to his knees, overcome in his plea to the Queen “I would devote my life to this man if that means I get no part in tutoring those dull, snot nosed heathens ever again…”
“So be it”
The illusion around Loki flickered and in a second Steve’s grin turned feral as he reached for Loki and flipped him, bodily slamming him to the marble floors with a breathtaking force.
She had not laughed so in centuries.
“I will not return empty handed to my king” Heimdall warned, aware of the eyes of the Worthy One holding his without an ounce of hesitation, or discomfort, when faced with his All Seeing gaze. Heimdall was impressed at the courage of the man, if not his intellect, to bargain his fate on a test of skills with an entity older than his mountains.
“You know Ronan.” Heimdall inquired to the green woman, eyes burning bright as he lifted her face to meet his gaze again with a nudge of his mighty sword. Quill saw the otherwise unperturbable woman tremble slightly as she suffered under the God’s eyes and cut in.
Thor had not known a pleasure so great from an act so innocent; both men fully clothed, sharing fleeting touches and kisses in the dark. His cock rubbed against his trousers, seeking the Captain’s own cock as the man circled his hips so sensually, his body undulating, near liquid, and just the right pressure to send a thrill of electric pleasure from his caged member and cleave low in his belly. The Soldier’s arms bucked with a whimper and now barely holding himself up by his forearms, his face tucked away into the God’s neck where he smothered low, delightful cries as they both reached for the peak in grinding caresses and bucking thrusts that had the Captain bouncing slightly on the God’s lap.
Heimdall remained in silence.
It was quite perverse of Thor perhaps, but he very much enjoyed the dark promise in the Captains eyes, sending a thrill of a shiver down his spine as he gently guided his faking husband down the royal halls and past the gawking, tittering Court members.
Thor felt Steven’s soul pull, trying to retreat in alarm and the God gripped the mortal man tighter, catching the Soldier’s shocked gaze firmly with his own.
“Sure thing, Thor”
“We are not hanging around naked for the whole day, Thor”
“Thank you, thank you, thank you….” Thor chanted under his breath, words whispered to his husband’s sweaty brow and thoughtlessly confessed.
The sight would torture Loki better than any sentence or curse ever would.
Thor growled and plopped on the floor next to the cell, irritation rising with the soft chuckles of his brother “Be quiet, he will be your family in a week’s time”
Norn’s above, Thor only wished to see him well.
“I’m not done” Steven countered with an innocent smile, raising alarms in Thor’s head as the Soldier pulled his work away and applied hurried strokes of his stub of charcoal with undisguised glee.
Frigga pursed her lips in silence, following her son’s movements as he poured out the remaining tea from the dainty pot onto the grass, only until the very last drop was thrown did Loki turn to the Queen, long fingered hands stapled under his fine chin and his dagger like emerald eyes carving out its way beyond his mother’s impassive mask “How long have you been giving this to the man? Better yet, how long have you been drinking it aside him?”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Quill smirked, moon walking out of the way “I’m distracting you, you dipshit!”
“You better believe it, now if you don’t tell me what the hell you mean by taking the Captain I will start shooting some knee caps.”
Steven nodded slowly.
Thor did so promptly, throwing the doors open with care not to hit the man, though it would have done little difference as Thor’s eyes fell on the Soldier: mud splattered, his earlier handsome clothes ripped in odd places and blood,
“… It was delicious”
Steve arched an impressed eyebrow and broke into an almost shy grin, rubbing a abashed hand over his face as he stood from his seat. “Where are we going?”
Thor admired his courage and mourned his fate. Slowly, the court settled and the All Father resumed “ All of this prompted by the actions of Loki Odinson. God of Lies and Mischief.”
“Ha… Great.” Steve exhaled a shaky, humorless laugh. Rising to his feet in an angry leap under Loki’s studious gaze, the mortal began to pace. “It wasn’t enough that I outlived everyone I knew once,
Steve barked a laugh as Thor shuffled forward “Ok, enough of that” and Drax eyed the blond trio intently. “There is no comparison, the man is like an angel, carved out of gold”
Steven winced “I… duked, your Grace”
Thor dared raise his eyes to the man, having lowered it sometime in the middle of the scolding. Master Bragi placed a cold, wrinkly hand on Thor’s shoulder. ”She should not have touched the Man without his permission; she should have called to you to be present or the Director, as is only right. That was her mistake, she has paid for it dearly.”
Thor smiled at his charming man and shook his head “You should enjoy yourself; I will play with my nephew and I don’t believe you will be able to join”
“So, how long until they come out?” Clint asked, gazing at his shrugging, clueless friends as they waited patiently by.
The flow of dark magic startled the mortals, some guns firing in the confusion, the bullets bouncing off his armor with barely a ping of impact. Outside the terrified screams of the reporters waved their way into the council halls as 10 armored soldiers appeared in a rainbow flash before the mounting steps of the United Nations.
Had he died of a natural cause, gone quietly in his sleep? Or had his tired knees given their final insult and fell and hit his shiny bald head?
“I would like to know what you were doing so far from the palace grounds”
Steve got some therapeutical hands. Free of charge.
“Want to climb on the Captain’s lap too? Or do you think just peeing a circle around his chair will suffice?” Lady Sif muttered at the blatant show of possessiveness, pulling out a large pouch from her cloak and handing the woman a couple of coins. “Go dance elsewhere”
“Two weeks, you say?”
He did not have time to see if the Goddess did as he asked when the beast snarled and swerved his sword out of the clasp and swiped it at Steve’s unprotected side. Only his super soldier reflexes allowed him to avoid the worst of the attack, escaping with but a scratch to his bicep. Steve stood firm between the seething prisoner and the Mother of Gods, adjusting his grip of the sword as the wound stung and healed shut before the creature’s transfixed eyes.
“What is the meaning of this!” Odin shouted, and from then on, Thor could only lament his existence.
Thor sprinted through the golden halls of the palace, still half dressed and hair a mess. Ignoring the startled gasps and wondering gazes of the members of the court and servants alike as he barged through all in his quest for the only place his heart could find comfort, find peace.
The God of Lies ripped the pad from his unresisting fingers and scribbled some more before dropping it back between the pair with a haughty flick of his wrist. Both blonde heads reluctantly dipped to the side and quickly darted away with a grimace. Steven turned a deadpanned glance to his disgruntled husband “You just had to ask.”
Tony pulled out subtly, earning a yelp from the woman as he bodily flipped her on her belly on the wooden table, her smooth body scrambling as she extended her arms wide to grip the edges of the gigantic dining table, her nails scratching the polished surface as he slid in her once more, hilting in a punishing, deep stroke.
“But that’s not all is it” Tony bit back, hurting and resenting not having an outlet to his anger “Not anymore. I used to think everyone had a dark side, but now I’m not so sure.”
The children frowned but obediently sat and began to eat their breakfast with surly expressions on their faces, so much like adult Clint; Steve found himself hard pressed to restrain his laughter, his eye catching Natasha’s knowing gaze on the other side of the table. He barely hid his smile behind his cup of coffee.
Frigga had never heard screams of horror quite that high ever again.
“Finally!”
Thor smiled thickly and pressed a chaste kiss to her pale lips. “It’s alright, trust me… I love you”
“You will not be alone.” Steven vowed, breaking the Odinsons from their despair. The Captain stood tall and severe before the crestfallen Gods, his eyes blazing with promise as he spoke “And I for one will not stand by for any more of these Godly tantrums. You will have a fair trial. I promise.”
“He will arrive in two weeks time…” Heimdall drawled.
“Why Captain” Clint batted his eyelashes at him, leaning over the small table in the small terrace where they ate. “What a dirty mind you have”
Thor gulped as he watched his mother part, her maidens and guards following her in a tight formation.
The teams turned to see the missing Guardian of the Door, dragging about another blue skinned humanoid, hissing and spitting in the Dark God’s hold. Gamora froze at the sight.
As the match grew heated, and neither fighter held back, the excitement of the spectators mounted, all cheering in alternating intervals, depending on who had the upper hand at the moment, names were sung and praised with every changing tide. At one moment the daggers clashed like stars, sparks flying in the harsh encounter of metals and Steven was gripped by the valiant woman in a tight lock of arms that only Steven’s superior mass allowed him to twist and flip out of as both fighters landed in a resounded thud to the mat, Lady Sif pressing once again a sharp blade to Thor’s betrothed, her eyes bright in victory before she blinked up at the smirking Mortal “Is that?”
“Sculpting a hand.”
Loki gave in. “It will be as you wish, Mother”
“Who, Steven?”
“Goodnight, Thor”
Thor felt a deep sympathy for the man of Iron, as Steve turned his oblivious blue eyes to him with a welcoming smile.
Thor was submerged in his happy thoughts when he heard said Captain snap “The lady said
Steven on the other hand, had no qualms in reminding these men of their obligations.
“Odin!”
Tony smirked, sinking into his seat in a satisfied sprawl “Good, and you’ll do well to remember that.”
His sword bounced off the man’s shield in an incredible response of reflex or just a feat of speed and skill, unnatural in a Mortal. Heimdall tried to overpower the man with repeated strokes of his sword on the Shield, barely stopping with the waves of magic flowing and curling out of the material, the paint of the shield chipping though the strange metal under shown polished and unmarked.
“Funny that, I’m really thirsting for yours right now” Tony snarled, pulling himself to his feet, propulsors at the ready and aiming at the man who seemed all but unbothered by the threat.
Steve choked and spluttered, wiping a trembling hand over his lips.
Thor’s heart hurt for the man, but he could not do much. He could follow Lady Sif’s advise and ask the man, he could even imagine himself finding the Captain after the feast and asking him:
The God cleared his throat and shot a disgruntled look to the Soldier. Who merely blinked in innocent confusion, far too innocent in Loki’s opinion and went about to helping the clumsy, giggling maidens to set their meal. Frigga followed the Captain’s gestures with an undecipherable smile.
Tony sped his pace, practically sprinting through Shield’s hallways toward the conference room where he had last seen Steve. Desperate to see him, to reaffirm his purpose, to feel strong again. Not this, not this shaking, crumbling feeling he had deep in his chest, as if he still had the Arc Reactor and it was being slowly ripped from his torn and mangled chest.
“Steven?”
“Thor” He admonished, completely nonchalant to the fact that he had overpowered Mjolnir’s call to Thor’s soul, a testament to their wedded bond and his own worth that had Thor matching Frandal’s outrageous morning arousal at the sight of his unassuming, perfect husband.
“I mean, who said you have to leave?”
And they saluted.
She and Steven would now end almost all their matches in childish laughter as they quipped at one another more often than they stabbed. The Captain even managing to rip uncertain flushes of pink on the fierce woman’s lovely cheeks.
“What’s the point to all this Mr. Stark?” The President asked, straight to the point and so clearly close to snapping.
“I know that” Lila answered irritated, embarrassed to be treated as a child though she herself couldn’t be over 8 years old.
Steve kept his composure as well as he could as he shook hands with the uncharacteristically silent warriors, avoiding making any comment about their true purpose as Frandal bravely spoke of possible hunting routes to be taken the next couple of days. The very obvious exclusion of self a thing that weighted heavily on all of them.
Steve gathered the cloth in his arms and fell back onto the couch seats in his room, suddenly boneless and very, very tired.
Tony breathed rapidly for a long moment; pulling his face plate off as if it was suffocating him. He let his emotions go, caged and gripped so tight in his chest since the moment he caught the rapid shift of the magic Hammer in Steve’s big,
“I, Odin, regret what has befallen you, by my own name and kin” Odin’s eye traveled the room, meeting each gaze with his own, in sincere atonement, until all the room was sent to a grieving silence. Thor’s previous amusement lost to the very real fact, that Earth was in pain, by his family’s hand and inaction. A somber mood set on his shoulders, he caught his father’s eye in private mourning, knowing that they too had lost something precious.
“It’s a
That night Thor came to his room after a long stay in the healing chambers, listening intently at the maidens whisper the nights events around him while the Head Mistress of Healers wiped his body clean of Loki’s influence and finally, released him from her claw like hands.
Turning now to bestow a hard look at his disgruntled son, he continued with an unwavering tone “It is imperative that there be no doubt in these men’s hearts as of the Captain belonging here, of his worth to stand by you, and you alone. Nor must they doubt of Asgards power.”
What if someone did manage to lift Mjolnir?
“Aye, I thank you Captain” Thor smiled mischievously at the man “I trust it served you well” Then shooting a very pointed, lingering look at the unmovable Guardian, now gazing into the galaxies with his swollen eyes and very obviously ignoring everyone.
Steven gaped and startled at the seemingly unprompted shift of the decoration. His blush running down his neck and chest like a wave as he nearly ran into the adjacent room.
“… Follow me, my prince.”
. He felt a knot begin to form in his chest
“You’ll have to touch it first” Frandal groused brokenly, his voice hoarse and low though his disfigured face doing nothing to hide his cheekiness. Thor grinned toothily.
Loki’s magic fainted and drained and the mirage of Thor was lost. Leaving Loki panting for breath under the human who held on tight to his neck and beckoned with his free hand for Mjolnir. The hammer that had sat unobtrusively by the chamber doors flew eagerly to the Captains open palm.
Steve’s smile started to fall before quickly recovering as he exclaimed: “Right! I couldn’t get you a proper present but, I found this on my way here from DC and well…” The Captain produced a small paper bag and next to Thor, the Widow shot a deadly look at the giggling Barton. “I know it’s too soon yet, and it’s probably a long way due but…” Steven shrugged his wide shoulders, looking at the pair from under his feathery gold lashes “It reminded me of you”
Thor felt a vicious sort of glee when ‘Frandal the
Ronan was once again unprepared for the true strength of the Captain and stumbled back with a yelp as his nose gushed dark blood like a fountain.
“They examined you for childbearing” Thor took a shuddering breath as he reached for his betrothed’s limp hand, trying to anchor the man as Thor now feared he would fade away before his very eyes “Steven, you should have called for me…”
Pepper huffed a disbelieving laugh and held on to him, giggling under the warm spray of the shower head.
Out in the shallow of the water, Thor stood on his nephew’s head, holding fast to the large, curled horns of its head and grinning that beaming, contagious smile of his as he shouted over the waves.
Heimdall nodded and walked past him to the other end of the UN plaza, giving a silent signal and stopping his army’s onslaught, startling the human forces into an uncertain pause as well as they saw the dark Guardian part his forces in silence, his presence alone a threat far greater than the hundreds of men in golden armors.
potato.”
“If you ever need anything, anything at all…”
God, what had they done with Steve?
Thor continued to hold the ever increasingly perturbed Captain, eyes firm, reassuring as he was not inside for his soon-almost-
Steven blinked rapidly at the odd petition of the God “How? Like send a raven?”
“No” The Captain hummed, his eyes shining with a new, highly disturbing light “I could do this all day”
Behind him Odin stood silently by the doorway, following his son and husband with a yearning, proud eye. Next to him the Mother of God’s pursed her lips to a thin line, following her husband’s gaze with worried, harried glances. Then the Goddess straightened and pinched the King’s bottom sharply.
“We aren’t supposed to need any here” Thor reminded his deliciously wet husband with a sultry smirk and a slow up and down, deliberately provoking the shy and proper Captain to a magnificent frown.
“You’ve been busy” He said, practically sauntering forward to take a seat next to Thor.
“Captain smash puny God!”
“It’s alright, son. We can clean it up together” He then hastily pulled the stained shirt of his chest, using it to gather the spilt jam on the wooden floor. It was probably ruined now anyways. He was on his knees on the kitchen floor and patting gently at the wood when he heard a loud gasp, almost a moan. His head shot up to the source and found everyone staring down at his chest and taught stomach with wide, dark eyes.
“My mama didn’t raise no floozy, sir.” Steve agreed cheekily, eyebrow arched moodily and fighting to keep an amused smile off his face.
“Yes, I see that now”
“Why does he get the middle?” Thor grumbled sullenly to Steve’s back and Loki’s mocking smile.
Sif gave him a tiny smile, and looked between the God and the Captain for a short moment, before slipping back next to her companions with a stony expression.
stood, eyes like dark pits and holding a bloody sword in his claw like fist.
Thor frowned, eyeing the unperturbed Captain eat the sacred apple of the Gods as one does any common fruit.
Loki snapped “Why you big…”
“Of course it is” The Director dolled, staying still in his pose as he eyed the newcomer with a distrustful eye. “It’s me”
Volstagg harrumphed “Forget what Odin would do to you. You saw what that man did to Heimdall’s face? I would like to see you try!”
“Looking for something Stark?”
bedroom.”
Thor was awash in shame as the Master came to a halt before him and even many heads below him, spoke down to him.
“Thor, how are you?” Steven asked, his blue eyes ever brighter with a wicked glint “No lasting damage after the fall?”
Odin roared in his throne “You dare question my son’s honor?”
Loki smiled with Thor’s face, hiding the pain in his expression with a wide hand to his golden wig. “Forgive me, Captain. I can be overly enthusiastic when food is involved”
, earnest hands. So overwhelmed, he could only scream himself hoarse.
“Forgive me if it’s rude to ask” Steven began, the very first words he had spoken since the beginning of the celebrations “But Thor and I are both grown men, is having a chaperon really necessary?”
“You have my word” Odin says, not acknowledging him as he held the eyes of the officers who remained in shock in front of him “That is enough”
“I know” Thor barely suppressed a round of unseemly giggles at the thought, already seeing the jealous and covetous glances from the gathering Nobles around the halls.
“Title of your sex tape” Clinton giggled under his breath, clearly on his way to intoxicated.
“Good” Thor growled, dropping Mjolnir to the marbled floors and promptly beginning to rip his clothing off his body “Now you will examine me, just as you did him.” The woman paled at the request, her eyes darting frettingly to her disciples who all cowered away, Thor smiled sharply “I wish to see what indignities he suffered in my name.”
It was the portrait of the Director, made in pencils, with variating shades of grays and steel, the man sat in stark relieve in the middle of the canvas, his strong eye seeming to follow you wherever you were in the room.
Thor felt his breath knocked out of his body, not unlike the time the Hulk had taken his heavy fists to his chest. “Jane, my love, you don’t understand”
And he promptly threw himself out of the jet.
But the Captain was gone, breathing the deep pulls of air of the soundly asleep. Thor felt the guilt and unease of the day gather in his chest as he brushed the sweat damp hair from the Captain’s boiling brow. Taking a wet cloth to dab at the fevered skin gently, Thor spent the night counting his love’s breaths. As he promised.
Loki laid awkwardly next to his parents, breathing shallow and labored under Mjolnir’s weight and glared defiantly at his Father.
“Nat” He smiled, leaning forward as the spy came to the tip of her toes and pressed a chaste kiss to his cheek “I’ll see you again soon”
The search was short as they found her just across the hall. In Thor and Steve’s room, sitting on the floor next to Loki’s trapped body, caressing his dark hair tenderly and eating a slice of pie with a pale and faintly disgusted look on her face; but the bleeding in her side had stopped, and she seemed to regain some color to her cheeks with every reluctant bite she took.
Thor grew restless as he was swamped by tasks for the wedding which impeded him from finding his wayward fiancée and shake him. Or embrace him.
“Someone already tried.”
The blond man smiled, beatific; awash with the golden sunlight of the early morrow. He shone brighter than many suns.
“This finger” Steven guided his husband who swiftly placed the band on the designated digit, as if doing so would avoid anyone encroaching on the lovely man, as if would tie the Soldiers heart to Thor like their souls had been, irrevocably, forever one to the other. Steven smiled gently for the harried God “yeah. I know Thor.”
here”
Nebula scoffed awkwardly, laughter foreign enough to the alien for even derision to sound wrong and stunted “You put your faith on an aging God.”
Steven shrugged timidly “I…. was creative?”
“Sif, is everything alright?”
Steven blinked at Thor with an incredulous expression. “How did this happen?”
“Yeah, you’re going to have to pry him out of my cold, dead fingers” Tony shot a consecutive rounds of beams, all which the man avoided in lazy sidesteps. “He is mine, and Thor can’t have him”
“I’ve been thinking a lot, since I saw the news this morning” Pepper started, he voice deceptively calm while her hands fiddled on her green blouse, the one Tony had always liked because it brought out the red in her hair. “I think we need to talk about Steve”
“Put some gold on the limp?”
The Captain flushed and pulled his hands out and away from the God’s enamored ministrations with a bark of laughter. Turning his back to the nude God in a shy spin to continue his grooming. “That’s nice”
“He will not need another Student” Thor proclaimed, “Steven is talented enough to carry on his memory through his craft.”
The Captain’s glare became a death sentence.
-----
“It is beautiful…” Master Bragi gasped, scurrying closer to the unfinished drawing with a look of absolute awe.
Tony faked a cocky smirk. “Gladly.”
Steven sighed and rubbed his face with trembling hands, struggling with words as he was never wont to do. Thor took the lead “Tell me Steven, before your war, how did you envision your life to be?”
Steve clenched his hands into white knuckled fists on his thighs, heart beating loudly in his ears though not enough to drown out the sickening sounds of harsh fists pounding soft flesh. And the cries.
It was not entirely improbable that among the billions of humans living in Earth, a few could be worthy?
Steve’s blond head shot up, such a heartbreakingly grateful look in those sky like eyes. Tony’s throat ran dry as the Soldier groused, so fucking sincerely. “Thank you, Tony”
Thor swallowed thickly, his hand holding hers and Mjolnir clenching in spasms. He was troubled and hurting. He understood Jane’s fears, he struggled with his worth constantly but of this, he was certain, just as the sea was wet, the skies above blue, he was certain that Jane, his wonderful, smart, shameless Jane; was worthy.
“Our Father, who art in heaven…”
Thor coughed and shifted his eyes to anything but his father as he purposely misled “I don’t believe we will try for a child in quite some time, Father. Steven is young yet and I find myself reluctant to part with our new found comforts.”
Steve swallowed thickly and nodded. “I’m glad he liked it. Frigga did too”
“Don’t you ever lie to me again.”
Norn’s, the delegates had even shaken hands with the Captain! Great smiles on their faces as Steven had commended their work and equanimity.
“That was really great of you, Thor” Steven congratulated, knocking his bottle of beer with Thor’s in celebration of his achievements. Tony followed the Captain’s movement with a twist in his bearded mouth.
“Of course, of course…” Thor muttered, eyeing the Captain with a queer twinkle to his blue eyes “of course… of course”
Loki startled out of his distracted musings as he caught the God of Thunder’s lower lip quiver.
The shield and hammer were thrown in consecutive strikes, overwhelming the Seer under their force. The man flew in and out of reach by Mjolnir’s handle, Thunder corralling Heimdall in the man’s grasp as he took the breathtaking pounding of the artifacts until his armor was little but a mangled piece of metal hanging from his torso. Even as he caught hold of his sword in a pathetic roll out after the shock of lightning struck him and flew him feet away from the Captains reach; he was assaulted relentlessly, merciless as even his All Seeing eyes could not warn him in time to the Captains intentions.
“You first” He jibbed and pushed her flowing red locks out of her pretty face, sending the Doctor a fleeting, pointed look. She smiled her rare, honest one and wiped her lipstick off his cheek. “We don’t want Odin to have a fit”
“Thor” Steven scolded with just a glimpse of a smile on his rich, pink lips. But before he would say anything else in defense of the blond weasel, Lady Sif came forth.
Steven smiled for Thor.
They had thought it a funny story.
“Odin shall banish me to Jotunheim for this”
Thor snorted at the thought of
“Good.” The Man of Iron said, a shaky, honest smile coming forth as he placed a tentative hand to the God’s bulging arm “He’s going to make you very happy.”
-----
“Steven.”
“Ok” Clint proclaimed, descending the stairs now with a huge grin “Kids are tucked, time to tuck you two in, nice and tight”
“That fast huh?” Steve would never get used to how the world was ever in each others pockets, phone cameras at the ready to capture everything
Lighting struck the Healing grounds in vicious waves, the winds blowing wildly in the marbled walls, felling the vials and furniture in a whirl of chaos. Men and women cowered near the white pillars while destruction ran rampant in the halls. The Head Mistress emerged from her quarters with an astonished gasp. Elderly face pale and weathered as she saw her rooms fall under the onslaught of a Vengeful God.
On the other side of the Royal halls, Frigga lay quietly next to her slumbering husband, tears pouring endlessly down her temples, lips pursed tight in a thin, white line; barely keeping her sobs at bay as she silently cried herself to sleep.
“Oh, you son of a…” Fury groused from his balcony, his ebony skin darkened in anger as he turned tails into the rooms and shouted in rage: “Guards!”
“Call for me Steven” Thor insisted “and I will come.”
“You must strengthen your wrist” Lady Sif paused again to readjust the Captain’s hand after he had managed to block a swipe of her sword and promptly slipped out of his hands. “Be flexible, but not pliant, or I will break it like a twig.”
“As he should” Odin grinned proudly, as he seldomly did in Thor’s presence; tapping his mighty staff in resolution. “Be it so, my Son”
“Avengers”
“Ohh” Thor moaned as his sleepy, grumpy husband bit his lower lip vengefully when the God dared to rouse him in the early marrow. The God shivered and pressed down on the grumbling human with a heady sigh “Harder, Steven”
Steven arched a brow but passed the desired pencil without complaint, taking the stub of charcoal and applying himself once more to his work.
“I do not understand” Thor insisted “Is something amiss between the Captain and the Man of Iron?”
Bruce and Clint assessed the redhead assassin for a second and nodded. “Deal”
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” One mortal screeched as they all raised in their seats, in varying levels of rage and fear.
What followed had to be the most one-sided negotiation that Steve had ever witnessed, and Steve had been present for
Thor’s own lips twitched, trembling slightly with the urge to join the Soldier’s mirth, so contagious that all worries and dark thoughts left the God as he prowled forth, a sultry saunter to the quaking Captain, leaning now by the bed pillars, gripping the diaphanous material of the privacy curtains to stay on his feet.
“The United Nations, rulers and defenders of Earth” Odin spoke, his voice clear and resounding of the chamber halls, echoing on the room as an almost dwarfing presence “ I have come to you and stood amongst you as I and mine have not for thousands of years”
“Oh, we aren’t worried about you;
Volstagg ripped himself out of his astonishment and surged forth “No, wait! I was not ready! Again!”
Loki rolled his eyes at the sight, following their retreat with a pinched expression until they gathered around the pond to chatter like clucking hens. The dark God hid a smirk behind a napkin, concealing the flex of his fingers, the magic weaving mischief in a flick of his wrist while the Captain was occupied pouring the tea.
Any moment now…
“No, we don’t” He agreed, and reluctantly stepped back. walking backwards, eyes glued on his friends, as he paced to join fury at the center of the platform; just as the clock struck 16:00 h.
“He was modelling for me”
“Will I, though?” Raising Mjolnir and eliciting a small squeak from the blond man before the hammer was ripped out of his hand; both men turning to follow its flight to the Captain’s waiting palm. Steven’s stern gaze set on the God as he entered the tent with a small plater of food.
He walked into the Halls of Healing, where he found many mages and healers still repairing the mayhem he had wrought of the usually peaceful place. Thor felt shame grip his heart when many of the young pupils startled at the sight of him, eyes fearful as they should never be in the presence of their Prince. But just as he was about to speak, another called to him.
“Well my God gave me free will” Steve shot back, growing more irate with every shout and cry of pain from the men,
Sorry for the late chapter, my life has been a bit hectic this last week, I hope this chapter would make up for it. Let me know your thoughts so far! Kudos!
When Steve didn’t move out of the chair, Clint finally paused and really looked at the man. The archers face soften into a rare, kind smile and marched toward the soldier to lay a firm, conforting hand on Steve’s shoulder; hunching down in an almost fatherly gesture to meet his eyes.
“Take care of him, Miss Potts” Steve begged “He’s a good man”
“Oh, how lovely!” The Goddess tittered at the Soldier, then turning with a coy smile to her son “Thor, my darling. You will be the envy of the court”
“No, people
Steve continued his fevered examination of Asgards skies, his voice gaining an extracorporeal, empty tone that haunted Thor’s soul “It’s part of procedure they said, for the… you know, in case we get…. blessed”
“That’s impossible…” The President croaked.
“Beauty”
And he turned to leave the rooms with a mighty stride. Odin watched his son go with a blank, steady gaze, but as soon as the grand doors of his private chambers closed shut behind his son’s back, the mask faded, his lips trembled. Frigga appeared from her hiding, having waited patiently by the balcony doors, and knelt by her husband’s side, watching as the man’s clear blue orb filled with stubborn tears.
Maybe if he had gotten Jane a ring…
“Steven, this is Jormungandr, Loki’s first born and your nephew”
The Mistress Eir blinked in surprise at the request, eyeing the God with new, meditative air and finally, she nodded her assent. “I will, it would do good to put that hammer to the use it was actually intended to have… Building.”
It did not budge. He pulled again more insistently only to notice Steven held it closed from the outside.
If that was better of worse, Thor could only guess. He watched as the Captain parted ways with the couple to greet the other guests, followed by a yearning glance, not hidden quickly enough from Potts sharp, clever eyes.
Tony swirled in place, catching sight of a disheveled looking Pepper, eyes blown wide and dark.
“Stop that” Natasha snapped, her eyes steady forward as she flew the jet at breakneck speed. Steve jolted at the reprimand, and nodded with a sigh.
He had been so by Jane.
“But you didn’t fail us” The Captain insisted, his blue eyes firm and coaxing “And you were there… I felt you”
The rights to Captain America’s body.
Thor frowned.
Thor snarled at the Guardian “You shut up!”
“You did” Loki agreed with a mockingly sweet smile. Steve observed the God for a long moment, face drawn tight and long fingered hands clasped together, twitching minutely.
Mayhap whatever babes were born of his future marriage would have a better fate if brought in Asgard, he could only hope. Thor frowned, his fist pressing to his thinly pursed lips and fought to suppress his dark thoughts. The Captain looked at him in silent sympathy, understanding more than perhaps he let on and offering his comforting presence to his hurting friend. His unobtrusive empathy and quiet acceptance a salve to Thor’s wounded soul and troubled mind.
(Thor never called himself clever, now did he?)
He burst into the dungeon halls like a force of nature. Startling some of the prisoners on his way as he came to the magical hold were his bother waited. Loki stood with a crooked grin on his wicked face.
The room began to fill with dread and doubt, as Odin spoke, tensions climbing that even Thor could feel creeping up his spine.
Steve meets the Parents, Fury is a BAMF, a Lannister and a one eyed Chastity Belt all rolled into one. Frigga Plots.
“Thor? Is everything alright, pal?”
A couple of seconds later, millions of years length away, they landed in Genève. Home of the United Nations and just at the mounting stairs front of reports of all countries. The resounding shout of startled earthlings was soon drowned by the bright flashes of cameras, almost brighter than the Bifrost’s embrace. unperturbed by this, Odin marched Sleipnir to the very doors of the Council doors, the human reporters and security agents parting from his path in silent awe.
Thor smiled as he rode his horse hard; that is, until he saw the dark Guardian’s face.
had not been sampled yet” Loki confided, slithering closer to the cell wall as he spoke with a wicked smile “so why have you not been meeting your wedded duty? Or is what’s under the deliciously tight uniform not as comely as it appears?”
courting his intended, I believe some allowances should be made for it”
“Yes, perhaps I could attract more contenders in the nude”
Steve turned fully towards the All Father. Shoulders rigid and back straight. “You mean to say you played to be judge, jury and executioner”
“Which one was that again?” Sif asked, turning to blink blearily at Hogun who simply shrugged and said.
What was he supposed to do with this? He felt torn between crying and laughing, or going on a witch hunt for that fucking masked cyborg that had broken his mom’s neck.
Senator Stern growled “You wouldn’t dare deny your country.”
“You can keep it” Quill offered, ignoring the protests of his friends as he struggled to hold the Guardian’s gaze “It’s safest here with Odin than in Thanos’ hands.”
Midgard’s psyche was in ruins.
Hey! I hope the chapter is not to much crack. I'm beggining my ThunderShield scenes now, so if you have any ideas, this is the moment to share them. Kudos to everyone who commented last chapter!
Thor rose on his arms with a snarl “Well if they want children so badly, they can come and work my cock themselves, for I will not take what is not freely given to me.” Steven startled, finally sliping out of his daunting reverie to meet the God’s eyes with more than a bit of wonder at his words, it made Thor’s heart sing. “My desires matter not over your own, my friend.”
“I am not staying in here for two weeks, Thor.” The Soldier shook his head vehemently as he began to pace back and forth agitatedly.
Thor nodded eagerly “Aye, not on all occasions mind you, but I will endeavor to pay you all a visit my friends.”
“And who knows” The Widow added with a rare, kind smile. “Maybe next time we meet you’ll be a married man”
“See you for dinner, Thor” The Captain said, turning on his heel and slamming the door shut after him, leaving a groaning God behind his smirking retreat.
“What you’re talking about is slavery, Stark.” Senator Stern recuperated first, snarling weakly at him as he fought to regain composure.
Steven shot to his feet at the sputtering cries and frantic splashing.
She lay silent, trembling beneath him, around him.
“What?”
After some shameless cajoling and pleading. Odin had admitted that the mortal Captain had bested Heimdall in combat and he had won a day of peace on Midgard.
“Promise?”
Tony blinked, throat working and hands flapping in the air. “Steve, precious.” He began, enunciating every word with care “That thing over there is a Seer, you know what that is Steve? huh? A seer? Means he can see everything you will do seconds before you do it.”
Steve in a catholic schoolboy uniform, Thor approves. The Captain meets the Warrior Three and Lady Sif, lessons ensue.
Steven’s eyes widened fractionally, a quick dart of his startled eyes to the other body sharing their bed, miraculously still in deep dreams. And back to Thor, before he slowly opened his mouth.
Thor laughed and guided the amused Captain to their seats and set on their way.
They had a Wedding to get to.
What would they think of his reaction?
Of course, this is when he chose to disclose the real purpose of their trip.
Thor left his soft furs, standing nude next to the Hammer and glaring down at it with sleepy confusion.
Her pink lips trembled minutely and she bit them to stop. “Tony”
“I will be married in a few weeks and I want you to be at my side”
“I… I’m sorry Thor. I didn’t mean to hurt you” Steven whispered, shoulders slumped and regretful. Thor brought his hands up to rub his tired face as he built up the courage to speak his doubts.
Just as he finished the sentence, a blur came whizzing in to knock Ronan flat on his back, hammer still held tight in his angry grip as the Guardian’s of the Galaxy were joined by the Avengers.
The Captain and the God met halfway with a grunt. Both men grappling at the other for a second, testing the others strength. They both pushed away in time, eyeing the other’s form, measuring.
Thor dropped Mjolnir with a careless flick of his wrist, the stormy clouds that had gathered above clearing into the sunny day it had been in prompt succession. The people in the stands stared openly at the God, hair in near dreadlocks of knots, clothes and armor askew.
Love you guys to bits!
Not that Thor was begrudging the results now, but still…
“We all know you’re keeping one hidden in your suitcase” Clint scoffed “You’re not fooling anyone with that thing”
“Captain Steven Rogers, of Midgard. My son’s betrothed”
“Two”
“Ronan” Gamora said, quacking under Heimdall’s fiery eyes “He has an infinity Stone, he is on his way to Asgard.”
“Calm down, my heart” She sang, standing on her toes to lean her chin on her son’s shoulder and smile at his mirrored image, both golden heads side to side “You look so Handsome”
Thor chuckled softly at the endearing moodiness of the half-asleep Soldier and placed a lingering kiss to the charming man’s brow before slipping off the bed and crossing their room for the antechamber, pulling at his skirts where they had bunched around his hips during the night.
She was understandably sore, her legs still on the other side of unstable, but she needed this nearly as much as he did, if not more. As Tony ordered Jarvis to hold all calls. Deciding to take the armor instead of the Jet to Geneva would give him a full 5 hours with her. Her smile at that made the nervous tinge in his chest worth it.
“Better, now that you are here” The man dared, completely ignoring Thor’s glare as he stared longingly at the Soldier “The sight of you soothes my aches”
Steve’s brow creased as he took in the God’s words and finally swiped a heavy hand over his face in consternation “You’re telling me I committed sacrilege and helped you escape a magic dungeon? With
Thor blinked owlishly as he watched the carriage role on further, then screeched an embarrassingly high yelp when he felt the cold kiss of a blade tap his behind. He turned to his attacker and found a swollen, glaring Heimdall: “I heard you”
This was for him.
The God dipped his head and captured a taut pink nipple in his mouth, sucking it tenderly, tongue swirling over the little nub and eliciting a startled yelp that the Captain scrambled to silence with a shaking hand, the other coming to hold Thor’s head in a tight grip, stilling him but not pushing him away…
He must look like an absolute Idiot.
Frigga’s heart hurt for her son, but wisely held her tongue, turning instead to her other child, shifting nervously in front of a tall mirror and fidgeting with his clothes like an overgrown child.
Later they flew the Jet back to the Tower, autopilot soaring the ocean skies following the night all the way to New York while the Avengers laid together in the cold metal floor. Trying and failing to sleep, all but Bruce, now in his human version and snoring the exhaustion of the Hulk away. They sprawled in silence as they took in the events of the day, and what was to come.
“Tony” She gasped, her hand held tight to her chest, voice cracking. Tony swallowed thickly and nodded goodbye.
“Sure he can” Natasha smiled beatically “Go on; Hulk out, Bruce”
“Ah, ah, ah” Stark tutted “No hair pulling, Steve!”
I'm dropping this chapter off and I will be unavailable for the next week or so, school reports and such are really breathing down my neck now. Please let me know your feelings on the story and if there is any scene in particular you would like to see in the courtship of Steve/Thor.
“You can stay in my room, Captain!” The little girl offered, batting her honeycomb eyes at him.
“Yep, those bastards just won’t die” Fury sighed his bags packed at his feet and smiled for the worried Captain “We are still collecting information, when it’s time, we’ll call you”
Bruce sighed sadly “Oh, Tony…”
“Captain America, that’s who!” The Director thundered.
“Yeah… can you describe them to me? Tell me about the big ones”
And the Captain smiled. Thor could feel the man and how happy he was to see their friend that he could not help the pang of hurt and jealousy. That smile was supposed to be for him.
“Just throw me back into the dungeons and be done with it!” Loki sprung to his feet again, anxiety and that foul emptiness that lay in his soul where his magic, his very essence, used to glow from within making him testy and short tempered.
“Thank the Norn’s. You are here” Master Bragi breathed, pushing the alarmed God of Thunder into the room he had just trampled him out of with pressing hands “Go, take him!”
Granted, most nights than not he ended with more problems than he had begun with, but Loki had always managed to shead light to the real questions that would haunt his mind, and thus, Thor could settle his focus on them. Or not, as he remembered many procrastinations on his youthful years where letting a problem fester into oblivion had been his favorite problem-solving tool. Much to his brother’s annoyance.
Steven’s eyes warmed considerably as he nodded to the elderly King “Thank you, Odin.”
What a horrible thing to think, that all this time, the Captain could be hurting so, and Thor would never have known, had he not seen it with his own eyes. Thor curled over the Captain, embracing him tighter to his chest as he rocked them together gently. Placing random kisses to his brow, his cheeks, his fluttering eyelids until his breathing calmed, and the shaking stopped.
Odin’s face was impassive, a blank face of stone as he stood in front of Earths most influential beings hungry for blood and retribution. And yet…
“Captain”
Thor froze, realizing for once what the man meant to say. For him, having grown surrounded by Alien nobility was common place, their role in Asgardian politics just another face of a well worn page. He had never thought that those simpering aristocrats, with their thinly veiled barbs and ill concealed envy could be more than just ornery to the realm. That they served a purpose against their liege and that a
“God this feels so wrong. Is it really Captain America? Like the real deal…?” Quill winced and ran his hands through his hair in dismay  “Man, my grandma went on a
Thor smirked at the irreverent comment and poked his tongue out at the Captain, he too relaxing back on his seat and biting his lip in concentration as he devoted himself to make the most perfect, detailed Stick Steven the universe had ever beheld.
“Uhm, Steve?” Tony called, looking at the Captain with and awkward grimace “What you doing there buddy?”
“Thor!” Steven gasped, head thrown back with abandon, so very beautiful in his release. Flushed rich crimson, bruised lips gaping around a broken sigh and trembling in Thor’s arms; his thighs caging the bucking hips of his husband, nails ripping at the God’s shirt, catching at the smooth flesh of his back as they both rode out the aftershocks of their lovemaking.
Thor barked a laugh at Odin’s smirking admission.
Asgards atmosphere had been breached.
Odin held his gaze in a silent battle of wills, his hand now trembling imperceptibly but where Steve held Gungnir, the magical pulses burning and searching at the new hold. Still, Steve held on fast and unshaking. “Let him go, Odin.”
“Yes of course, but most reside in the palace” Thor said in soft tone “I could show you later today if you please?”
Just as this was said, the metal armor flew past them and landed with a screeching crash.
There you go, a good old Midgardian ceremony for our lovelies, I hope it wasn't to tacky, but I really felt it at the time. Please let me know your thoughts on the chapter. I still can't believe this story is up to 500 kudos. I woke up to that and I freaked! Thank you so much for all the support and love.
Loki got a whiff of the spread and straightened in his seat with a snap “Leave us”
“Hey there Cap, why the long face?”
“Why should I let the Hero of America, Captain of the Avengers, a Soldier of impeccable history, a life of sacrifice, duty and honor. Earth’s mightiest hero!” Fury boosted, riling the council men up with each title thrown at their faces and then waved a depictive hand at Thor, sitting quietly at Odin’s side “Marry that
His scream and grunt of pain echoed in the gardens just three stories under the Mortals shared rooms, and as Thor rolled out of the cage of covers he found the balcony doors on the right of Steven’s rooms burst open, revealing the man himself, sleep warm, hair in a puffy disarray, cerulean eyes wide and bemused.
Thor splayed a wide wave of his arm to the feast he had set out for them “I have it right here.”
“His captive and my sister, your Highness.”
“Steve, what the fuck!” Tony snarled, his faceplate lifting and showing his bruised face, a drop of blood rolling down his temple “We were winning!”
“But you are!” Thor pleaded.
“I trust you are enjoying your lessons” Thor probed, feeling still unbalanced after his meeting with the elder master, though Steven remained blissfully unaware as he grinned wide for the God and nodded eagerly.
And he had been forced to leave Mjolnir behind, Thor felt her loss as a physical ailment, an amputated limb when ever he extended his hand to call her to his side and take flight. Nothing.
“Steve!” They cried collectively, springing forth in a wave of excitement. Thor rejoiced as the Captain was tangled in a huddle of eager limbs, only to be drowned in a similar way just seconds after with barely a warning by the ways of his name shouted in a chorus.
The Captain sighed “Of course he is… Here’s the plan.”
Both blond men sighed loudly when the dark God began to stomp out of their chambers only to be pulled back harshly, as if an invisible force had gripped him by the neck and slammed him down. Loki kicked the floor in silence, jaw gritted shut as he threw a royal tantrum.
“Does he get paid for this ‘Devotion’?” Fury probed
“So wouldn’t he give you the courtesy of choosing?”
Tony’s breath caught, dread making his blood run cold. “You planned this, you set me up”
“But perhaps, I can speed things up a tad with the lovely Captain” Loki groused as he leaned forward, pressing his clammy forehead to Thor’s in a near comforting gesture “After all, he has given me the means to escape this foul place”
“To much, Quill.” Gamora admonished, offering a smile to the golden husbands and nodding her goodbyes.
“My sister” The man explained “She saw you enter this world, she ensured it in fact.”
“The hell it’s not.”
Far away in the King’s private chambers, Odin and Frigga prepared to settle in their bed for the night when the sounds of loud pounding and furniture snapping resounded in their bedroom. Frigga startled, face pale and hands wrung tightly in her lap.
Steven blinked blearily, eyes far away and carefully blank “Well I had heart palpitations and allergies to just about everything so, I didn’t plan that far ahead.”
Steven rose his cerulean eyes to his, a sharp glint in them that gave Loki pause.
The next morning Thor woke to the feather light batting of butterfly kisses. The God chuckled sleepily and curled his sleep heavy arms around the warm, firm expanse of his husband’s body laying on his chest.
Cautiously, Frigga approached her husband, with a weary glance at the magical staff where their hands were clasped, she gently untangled Steve’s fingers, careful not to touch Gungnir now that it pulsed visibly with unrestrained waves of power. Then turning her gentle touch to her Husband.
“Yeah, you can be New York’s new naked cowboy!” Stark suggested with a wide grin, earning a reprimanding slap to the chest from his fiancé, nestled close to his body as if they would meld together into one if they settled just so. Thor’s heart ached to behold their love.
Thor jolted once more, finally noticing the other body in the room. The impervious Guardian of the Door burst to life with a bored blink, nodding slightly before walking out of the room into the adjacent antechambers.
“I’m trying!” Quill cried, shaken and panicking as he wrung his head for any possible distraction “Jesus, give a man a minute, will you?”
The God sighed in regret and took his own path to the training grounds.
From then, he was assaulted by fleeting images of the Captain’s attacks, allowing him to protect himself of the worst with his shield, that chipped and cracked under the onslaught of Mjolnir’s might. When there was nothing left of the material he depended solely of his All seeing eyes to avoid the vicious swings of the Captain. Though for a moment it seemed as the man was testing him, attacking in wide arcs, measuring the flow of his movements, the speed of his feet.
“Yes, Steven?”
“Please” Tony pleaded, curving into himself, as if protecting his belly from a physical blow and pressed a lingering kiss to her belly button “Please, wait for me”
Clint nodded back, eyes sharp and lips pursing in thought “Good, good. Say, those dance lessons we talked about, they’re still on, right?”
Steve. He smiled. “Happy nuptials, Cap”
“Clint!” Steven reproached sternly.
Steven, for once, did not seem dauntingly overwhelmed. Thor began to hope for the day his Captain would finally be happy here.
“How progressive of you, Capscicle” he doled, a bit of snide in his remark “A lot of homosexuals running around back in the 40’s?”
“Hello, My princes.” The Dark God replied in a deadpan, standing but three feet behind the horny God of Thunder.
Steve smiled, striding forth and meeting the dark eyes of the Serpent, his great green orbs following the Soldiers approach with a keen and calculating gaze, so bright and cunning he immediately saw the resemblance to the God of Lies. Which was both a strange and fascinating realization.
Odin smiled tightly at his son and turned to walk out of the room, followed closely by a silent Mother of Gods until only the Director remained with the pair.
“Director, he is the master of Arts, all the children of the court will lose his fine teachings for this.”
“Huh” Rocket harrumphed, turning to his equally awestruck friends “he’s pretty good at that”
Ronan roared as he was surrounded by Asgardian soldiers and swung his war hammer in blind rage.
Loki hummed, a wicked smirk parting his now moist lips. “Just wondering why the good man is spending his time baking sacrilegious treats when he could be of far better use in your bed”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony spun on his feet, near giving himself a whiplash, eyes wide and hopeful as he didn’t want to be. Bruce and Clint shared a look.
So why couldn’t he stop shaking?
“Thank you General, it would be most appreciated”
The All Father turned to his stunted subjects and foreign warriors, calmly pocketing the power stone away as he grinned for his frightened people to behold and announced jokingly.
“You will not give us the right to deal justice on your son, you will not return the tesseract and you expect us to do with an apology and your word?”
So, that happened. Next up, courting season. There is still time for any requests so, I'm all ears!
Thor pressed rapid kisses over his long neck, earning little gasps when ne nuzzled the sensuous arc, tickling it with his beard and nipping hungrily in odd intervals.
The captain nodded in commendation at the gasping God “Well fought General.  I’ll see you tomorrow, 1600 sharp.” He clamped a cautious hand on Heimdall’s mauled shoulder with a witty glint to his cerulean eyes “And tell Odin he owes us a new building… Have a good day, sir.”
Captain America’s voice should never sound so small.
He had slept remarkably well, considering how these nights usually went. Volstagg appearing somewhere around the time Thor had scratched the skin and flesh off his hands and sitting on him until he passed out.
Then he had turned tails and vacated the room.
“Then what is this talk about the Captain?” Fury asked, startling the misfit group of aliens.
The answering grin from the man made Thor’s cock
Tony coughed, a hand pressed hard to his chest as if it were the only thing stopping his heart from leaping out and onto Steve’s hands. Maybe it was.
“It wasn’t just you” Pepper sighed, coming to sit next to the sprawled mess that was Tony and clasped his limp hand in hers “I knew what I was getting into from the start” She smiled a soft, pained smile as she cupped his hand in both of hers “I’ve known you close to 10 years now, I should’ve known better”
“But you are, yes. Only you who has grown beside me could ever hope to understand the All Father’s ways. Truly, you are Odin’s son.”
“Two” Thor perked immediately, all appearance of misery gone as he jumped at the concession.
Only a second later, both brothers broke into uncontrollable laughter, positively howling at the ridicularity of the situation. The other prisoners rousing with the combined roaring of the Odinsons, as they banged on their cells for quiet. “Shut up you bloody bastards!”
It was such an incongruent thing, to see the man dressed in such prim and childish clothes, ones that he himself had loathed to wear in his childhood, now he admired them with fervent passion.
I finished this chapter faster than I thought, I was giggling the whole way through, forgive the all the humor, but I kept picturing the shenanigans and I couldn't stop it. Next chapter, Steve's run has consequences, not entirely unpleasant if you ask Thor...
As the night began to set and all the camp had been prepared, a grim mood settled on them all and with a silent signal, Thor and Frandal left their group to walk into the dark woods.
“You’re wondering why the wedding was drawn so close”
To be fair, Steve had been in the army and he developed a stiff upper lip even Fury would envy. Sure came in handy in times like this. Where an angry God boiled people to death and near mutilated his own son.
“Don’t ask me, Tony” Pepper whispered, her voice cracked and hoarse.
Until his mother scuffed him over the head.
“Well, baby, these are the Avengers: Tall, blond and gorgeous is Steve Rogers or Captain America. Short, dark and lickable is Doctor Bruce Banner, sometimes Hulk.”
The Captain allowed the troubled God’s attempt at humor and barked a soft laugh “Thank you Thor, but I think I’ll pass on that.”
Steven startled back, hand flying up to his chest as if it had been punched, his blue eyes bulging out of his head as he stood in the doorway, face pale again and breaths coming in harsh, wheezing pulls.
It wasn’t his fault, he logically knew this, it didn’t stop Tony from hating his part in it, however unwilling it had been.
The Director allowed a sincere and happy smile to escape his icy exterior as he chuckled “Ha, I’ll keep you to that.”
The Captain bit his lip in deliberation, ignoring the way the God’s eyes zeroed down on the tantalizing act and finally, nodded shortly. “Ok, but don’t say I didn’t warn you”
Tony fired.
“Three!”
“What if I don’t wake up again?” Steven murmured, his voice so small and distant that he could well be speaking in his dreams.
The God grimaced and sighed “Your father is not with us, and he may not come for quite some time”
He had spent the day sleeping like a newborn babe, that morning spending an insurmountable amount of time grooming, so much so that would have made Loki proud. He had to look his best after all.
“Do you think this armor makes me look fat?”
“I’ve got some confessing to do.”
Steven escaped the tent about five shades of crimson and a cackling God at his heels.
“Hmm” Thor prompted gently as the Soldier slowly blinked back to reality.
“Is that something you would want, Steven?”
The mortal grinned toothily, one eyebrow raised haughtily at the recriminating Queen “To hear him say it there won’t be much crying over it. The Captain though, letting that talent go to waste would be a damn shame.”
“Don’t worry Doc” Clint replied, clapping a reassuring hand to his rigid shoulders as he strides past “They’re all vaccinated.”
“You may stay with him if you please, my Prince.” The elder woman offered, beginning to step back out of the room and allow the pair their privacy “Keep him company while the fever burns away.”
“No, how dare you!” Fury challenged, straightening in his seat, all simile of calm gone from his posture as the fearsome Colonel stood up to the irate God “ You’ve up and down
The dining table.
After leaving his Shield Brothers and Sister to settle in their rooms Thor was summoned to his Fathers private quarters. As he marched through the golden hallways, he found himself nervous, unsteady under the circumstances.
“It is heavenly”
Steve smiled blearily, nodding to the boy, too moved to use his words. His eyes darting to the pure white canvas once more. He pressed the pencil to his chest with a soft chuckle.
Heimdall had shown his hand.
“He was French” The Captain concluded, with a decisive nod “He liked to mess with us just to see us squirm”
Thor had almost followed him into the bath. Almost…
“Father, good morning.” Thor greeted before the emotion could overwhelm him, looking now upon his Father and his Husband, their twin noncommitting smiles and candid blue eyes was a thing his heart could not stand in large doses. His happiness was aburst and only his mother’s quiet discontent and Loki’s obvious absence staining the wonderous moment. Odin turned to his son and a strange, queer light began to shine in them, reminding him of that time where this whole debacle began and the King thought it funny to bet his son on a whim.
Thor had never enjoyed a bar fight quite this much in all his centuries of life, throwing punches and tables around the room while sporting a massive erection, fighting back to back with the man he would call husband but a few hours away.
“Off” Steven gruffed, pushing a hand to the God’s face as he had dipped to bestow a smacking kiss to his husband.
So now that Thor found himself climbing back to Steven’s chambers minutes before the breaking of dawn, he was forced to reevaluate his life choices. Even so, as he approached the warm bundle in the middle of the bed, he could not help but feel his heart leap and spin. How firm and supple his body looked under the thin covers. Soo inviting.
“Quiet now, Mother” His voice crooned softly, nuzzling her temple reassuringly “All is as it should be”
The Captain brought his waving hands up to hold the God once he was at arm’s reach, pulling the amused man into his arms, and to a chuckling, stumbling kiss.
Tony bit her jaw to silence a mewl of need as his fingers curled inside her, spreading her moisture on himself before impaling her in a careless thrust. And as a scream rang in his ears, he thought he heard her scream another man’s name.
“I’ll make you scream for that” It sneered.
“Thor… stupid”
“You shut up!” Thor shot back, barely regaining his breath as Loki rolled in irrepressible giggles in his bed.
“There is no hiding from my sight.”
The Queen’s attendants startled, sharing doubtful looks amongst them and reluctantly leaving after a curt nod from Frigga. Not before sending the Captain some sultry looks and high-pitched giggles at the resulting flush on the Soldier’s cheeks.
Thor was distracted by the green tint of Banners eyes when the Captain proceeded to grasp a handful of his golden hair and pulled Thor to his feet in a vicious tug.
------
He kissed the ankle resting on his shoulder, scraping his teeth on the thin skin around the little clasp of her Jimmy Choo heels, jolting rhythmically over his head with each sharp thrust.
“Mother”
“I said nothing, husband.” And he very pointedly plopped a cushion on his lap, a cheeky grin on his face as the flush on his husband’s face and neck spread lower still.
Hey, we are up to over 400 kudos in a space of a couple of chapters!! you guys are amazing and I just had to finish this chapter for you all; I had the dialogs mostly written for this one, so I was able to finish it in a couple of breaks, next week there will be no updates as my test nears. I hope this one is up to par. Kudos
He was a joke and his protection worth nothing in face of his father’s power…
“You mean to blame us for your evil deeds, Loki?”
The Captains smile fell and he gazed on to the side, all joy sucked from his expression and Thor fought the urge to kick himself.
When he finally landed near the old camper, antennas and other mindboggling lab equipment sprouting of it’s every surface. He smiled broadly, chest heaving as if he had run the thousands of miles between them instead of parting the skies in his need to reach his love.
“Forgive me, I was…” The words died on his lips before he began to give them form, his mind whirling now and pulling him asunder, Thor swallowed thickly, so many emotions battling inside him he felt he would burst. There was only one thing he could say “… Forgive me”
“It is done, you are free” Gamora said, drawing the attention of her sister in a harsh jolt.
The Captain smiled a cryptic, noncommitting thing that gave the billionaire pause as the Soldier came up to him and said so very softly “Thank you, Tony.”
The Soldier gave the God a shaky grin as one particular tactic from a good old friend came to mind “Ok, ok… Let’s see if I still remember correctly.”
“I think we all did” Bruce chuckled a bit self-consciously, trying and failing to keep his eyes from dipping below the Soldier’s neck. Steve felt his face flush scarlet and hurried to dab all the sugary mess away.
Hogun, Valstagg and lady Sif glanced at one another, eyes bright and wide with astonished amusement while the blond Frandal flushed and seethed.
The following week of Odin’s visit to Earth had set the entire world in a frenzy. After the vow had been spoken, the All Father had parted with not so much as glance back to the awestruck Earthlings who took but a moment to react and scramble like excited children and grapple at Mjolnir with all the composure of a wilder beasts.
“That’s a gift, and it’s new” Stark began to count with his fingers “Now we just need something blue, something borrowed and something stolen”
“I am ready Thor I..” Steven insisted, stepping closer to the mournful God. Cutting short as he met the sad gaze of the other man.
He did not finish his sentence and purposely strolled over to Mjolnir, much to the public’s jubilee, as a deafening roar of cheers and catcalls resounded around the Captains steady steps.
Thor shifted restlessly under Loki’s increasingly irate tugs of his armor.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thor’s heart ached as his lips were caressed so tenderly, near loving he could tell himself. Steven pressed his soft lips to Thor’s once more, trembling still with restrained laughter as they bumped noses and chins in the uncoordinated embrace. SO innocent and warm Thor felt he could weep.
“Never!” Thor roared and struggled weakly under the Soldier. His efforts useless as a harsh hand gripped his knotted hair and pulled his head back in a sharp angle, blue eyes meting in a battle of wills.
Odin released Thor with a soft, condescending pat to his cheek, loving even.
The General grew tired of duking out of his way and with a powerful hit with the blunt of his sword, he smashed the suit to the side.
They cried louder still, some of the patrons of the nearest table adding their bellowing cackles to their own.
“You say your time, and your son’s” the American voice, General Ross, spoke “and those to follow, tell me, how can we guarantee that they will keep faith in the next thousand years?”
The man sighed sadly “And then I killed a Bilgesnipe.”
She nodded, fixing her hair behind her ear in an effort to regain composure. “We can’t do that, ever”
“Well, of course!” The Director leaned back in his seat, all relaxed and leisurely as he spoke “We’re already clear that the Captain is ‘Worthy’” Many nodded around the room, sending admiring glances in Steve’s direction, mostly blocked by the Directors tall frame. Fury, clasped his fingers on his chest, his leg crossed at the ankle as he drilled on “Now, I wanna hear why
Must be difficult to have unrequited love for one when you already have a loving partner.
“Or, we can make a deal”
“Can we steal a dress?”
When Steven slipped past her guard as she jabbed forward, his palm hitting wide open on the inside of her elbow, causing her to drop her weapon and in a carefree flick of his wrist, he jabbed her in the side with the blunt handle of the dagger.
“Pepper”
Odin released a small yelp at the unexpected attack, tendrils of holy power sparking out of his lone orb as he turned a haughty hiss to his offended wife. “Control yourself, woman!"
Thor noticed as gradually, the men and women in the room became entranced by the All Father, tension building as an almost palpable thing. Odin paused, his eye following each and every face in the room, making some of the representatives shrink and fidget almost unperceptively under his gaze.
Thor roared as he sprung forth, hammer held high, meeting halfway with a fearsome wave of power when the two magical instruments touched, propelling them backwards with the impact. Iron man soared through it and fired propulsor after propulsor, obligating the Kree Lord to retreat a few steps before the Hulk came cannoning in.
Heimdall tapped the flat of his sword threateningly at the back of Thor’s calf, face smooth and expressionless once more.
“Just sleep?” He whispered again, voice small and pleading. His insecurities laid bare for once for Thor to console and protect.
After their morning rituals were tended to, the golden pair carried their bags to the stables where their cart awaited, freshly polished and set with other necessities for their camping and meals. Steven went about settling their bags in with the rest of their things as Thor entered the stables to the far side with a huge grin.
Frigga nodded, her curls bobbing with the motion and the soft afternoon breeze.
Thor liked his lips but otherwise behaved himself, he had a purpose with this visit, besides harassing his bashful fiancée. Who would have known that such uptight propriety and decorum would be able to set blazing Hel fire to Thor’s loins.
And so he made the hardest decision he had ever made. He pulled away. “Wait, Steven, wait.”
Thor pursed his lips as shouts and cries of fury began to resonate, working hard to contain a smile as he witnessed his father give the most important people on Earth, a sounding trash talking.
“I did not expect it” Thor muttered.
There was no shame in wanting your husband, he knew this. Still, he couldn’t help but feel he was cheating Thor out of something precious if he gave in. Conflicted between his wants and his duty as a husband in face of his believes. It was wrong to use somebody who cared for you just for your own personal satisfaction. Specially someone as bright and genuinely good as Thor.
Thor’s mouth ran dry at the sight of the man’s behind, and the heated expectation of the nights celebrations yet to be had. So immersed he was in his lustful thoughts he near jumped out of his skin when Frigga placed a pressing hand on his arm.
Steve bit his lips as he changed into his clothes, allowing the God’s eyes to wander as an apology for the ill treatment, however well earnt; Thor was not to blame for his own confused feelings. His husband had brightened considerably by the time they joined the Warrior Three and Lady Sif for their breakfast, Thor having spent most of their grooming time openly staring at Steve strip and dress, a sultry grin on his face and his cock twitching unabashedly on his thick thigh as he lay on their blanket to enjoy the view. And if Steve took his time getting ready, well, there is nothing wrong with giving your husband a little show.
Chapter 13: Heimdall
And then tackled the fucker just as a familiar, monstrous roar rang outside.
And just as Thor began to lean in search for more of his due of ‘goodnight kisses’ when the Captain once again surpassed all expectations and began to lay slow, wet kisses up the expanse of the God’s neck, goosebumps rising and littering his skin as the Soldier placed skimping caresses and then nibbled there where Thor’s pulse surged and raced.
He set her down and both their hands shot to his pants. Clumsily fighting to free his asphyxiated erection from its denim prison.
“Thank you, for sharing this with me” Steven said softly, taking her hand in his and giving a tender clench of silent companionship. Sif bit her lips to stop the tremble, gratitude settling in her heart and the ties of a new friendship and loyalty bound themselves to her soul.
“I don’t know where to start” The man admitted.
The Accuser stalked forward, towards an unrelenting Captain America, shield held at the ready and eyes fierce. Ronan would delight in breaking the human, bit by bit. “I will show you to respect your betters”
“Did he really fuck a horse?” Bruce asked in a loud whisper, trying to hide his lips behind his cup of wine. His dark eyes clouded by a glassy sheen of the truly inebriated. Thor sipped his own wine to hide a smile.
” Steve began to protest before his voice waved out and his legs buckled under him. Out like a candle in harsh winds and limply hanging from the God’s terrified arms.
Steve heard the door open and many booted feet stomp into the room when he dealt the Beast one last mighty punch over the back of its horned head. It convulsed for a few short bursts and finally fell limp and heavy to the marble floor, blood pooling around its face and Steve’s new boots. Steve stared at it for a second, waiting; and sighed when he perceived the shallow but unmistakably present breathing of the Monster’s rising chest.
Thor grinned and spread out his left hand in the air in front of him in a moment of childish wills, eyeing the golden band with a giddiness in his chest that threatened to spill unprincely giggles from his lips. He could not wait to show off his hand for his mother and court. And let them all eat their heart out.
Tony coughed “Yeah, for me too”
The man leapt to his feet and ran out the doors into the fray of swinging swords and spurts of blood. Ignoring the cut, breathless pleas of the God sprawled in his bedroom floor.
“I am Odin’s first General, Overseer of the Universe” Heimdall proclaimed, tapping his sword on the ground again, another flash and 20 Soldiers awaited at the doors “I have been charged to escort the Worthy One to Asgard, and I will fulfill my duty”
Above, the bells continued to ring…
Tony promptly pushed it back “My consulting days are over, Count Dracula. I’m not Iron Man anymore.”
“Huh, well then…” The Captain cleared his throat with a sheepish dip of his head as he stumbled to gather his wits after the blatant desire in the God’s words “careful with your toes.”
Most importantly, he was only wearing his trousers.
After that it became a custom for Thor to share kisses with Steven; every night before they slept, every morning as they woke; anything from soft and innocent, to hard and questing that left the God aching for more. But alas, he always managed to pull away at the most minimal sign of discomfort of the Captain, whom had progressively grown used to these attentions and even initiating them himself, gifting Thor with gentle kisses just before bed.
“Like that” The Captain answered eloquently, his eyes a merge of confusion and amusement “big, bright… cow eyes”
He now knew the value of love, and Thor was sure he would not begrudge him his heart’s desire. For who could be more worthy than she who already owned his heart?
That morning the children had pleaded so loudly and so vehemently that Clint had given up and just let them skip school, ‘Just this one time’ he had said, struggling to speak as he found himself under the excited wiggles of his children, hugging enthusiastically before sprinting off to clamber on the visitors laps, backpacks forgotten by the door step next to a stunned Clint.
“Let us test this then” Lady Sif held her daggers at the ready and slowly stalked the waiting Captain.
Steve gives his first courting gift (unbeknownst to him), Thor is the envy of the court. And they come to a Hearfelt compromise. Heimdall is not amused.
“Nop, it’s mine”
Thor boomed in giddy laughter “Aren’t we a pair?” Steven snickered softly as he guided the God through their very first dance.
She fell in an uncomfortable silence, though Tony saw her nipples pebble and stiffen, and not from the cold.
His brother be damned. Thor sighed and released his half hard cock, curling forward and taking his own shirt to dab regretfully at the mess he had made of his husband, gently cleaning his darling cock and tucking his clothes back up proper, as if he had not been ravished by a ravenous God only minutes ago. And Steven allowed it, laying soft and pliant under Thor’s hands, eyes wide and awed as his husband set them to rights and pulled him to cuddle close, holding him tenderly to his chest, pressed close to his heart where he belonged.
“My son, I must speak with you” She gasped out, gaze intent on her son “Privately”
“Wow! You’re like an action figure!” Cooper awed, his distress all but forgotten and coming forward to poke Steve in the chest.
“Hit him with a chair! For the love of God someone give Thor a chair!”
Lady Sif nodded, decisively, releasing Steven’s hand and walking to the middle of the fighting arena “Not a problem, I will teach you”
“Ha.” The Captain barked, grinning winningly at his husband, eyes sharp with that devious light Thor both feared and adored as he began to croon his previous tune.
Slowly, but surely, Thor’s heart mended to a fragile whole, the jagged pieces melding back together in a tentative grip. They would not withstand a harsh wind, but they braved the sharp breezes. In three weeks Thor felt he was on the way to being himself again, and bid his dear friends goodbye.
As Thor left the dungeon cells, he could feel the weariness leave him with each rising step. Even the less than pleasant confrontation with his brother could not cloud the fact that he, God of Thunder, was no longer up for takes.
Thor nodded to the man and smiled sheeply. “Aye, it is a pleasure to see you again Master Bragi, you have aged well…”
And the God punctuated these words with a cupping hand to the man’s front and a sharp thrust of his hips to his back.
Sif was proud of her skill, happier with a sword in her hands than she had ever been with a pretty dress. This was her calling, and maybe even the Prince’s own love for battle a part of her infatuation, a calling of kindred souls, though she was old enough now to admit that the beginning was not all her own. “But deep down I find myself still the little girl who cut her long hair and burnt her silk skirts just so the prince of Asgard would look her way”
shut up”
The Captain nodded and smiled slightly for the golden pair. “I will see you in our rooms, Thor. Good night, your Grace.”
Next to him, he heard a deep voice call. “You know that ain’t true”
, loud farts coming from two baby goats munching away from their precious stash.
“No!” Sif cried, startling both Steven and herself in her vehemence. Sif sighed heavily, stopping definitively and gazing into the Captain’s honest eyes with her last dredges of courage “No, Captain… There is no need for that.”
Gamora swallowed thickly “I will tell you all I know.”
“Wait for me Pep”
The Captain smiled brightly “Thank you Master. I’ll go right now”
Thor rubbed a tired hand over his beard, listening to his husband and brother go about cleaning and wrapping his torn lips with a calmness Thor could not summon. Only whence the bandages had been replaced did he dare look back, meeting his brother’s knowing gaze.
The man pursed his thin lips in deliberation “I have heard many things of this man from the court gentlemen… He is a great warrior…”
“Jane”
“I will count the seconds” Thor called after him, watching the man go and finally finding a flaw to the Captains new attire. That cape impeded the glorious view of Steven’s behind.
Thor smiled brightly, positively preening “I will be the envy of the court”
“Kids, say Hi to Captain America and the Hulk” Clint boosted, like one of those buoyant circus presenters, unleashing an avalanche of small limbs on the two men. Steve found himself with an armful of little dame as Clint’s daughter practically sprung from Natasha’s arms into his, her tiny limbs curled around him not unlike an octopus would, he automatically wrapped his arms around her to support her little frame, looking down to meet her wide unabashed smile, so much like her father that Steve couldn’t help but grin back. “Hello there little miss Barton”
“Why did you stay?” Steve questioned, his earnest eyes following Loki as the God sauntered back to his seat with a blank expression. “Why didn’t you escape when you had the chance?”
Loki recoiled at that, a vicious sting piercing his dark heart at the nonchalant wording of that he had held so dear and had been his downfall. His hands clenched into fists, fighting with the rage and despair he felt rising, threatening to choke him with its unforgiving grip.
Chapter 12: Helen of Troy.
“I hope you marry a horse!”
Natasha’s face returned to that icy look Steve knew well on her perfect face and whispered vindictively at the bulge: “Traitor”
“Oh, no.” Frigga lamented, her voice the appropriate amount of concern while her expression remained guarded, eyes straying to the forgotten teapot before catching herself.
The Captain’s blush returned in full force as they left the great halls and the limp was once again produced after a pointed look to Asgards clocks. The Captain accepted his Husband’s arm as they all walked past the giggling members of Court and the not so subtle looks of servants.
“More” He said “He is my friend”
I know”
“Hawkeye, Widow. Get everyone off the streets.” The pair of assassins nodded and marched into the stampeding crowd. “Iron Man, find Thor”
, Odinson!” An angry bellow came from the next room, startling Thor into taking a leap back and away from the Captain, eyes wild “You better not be in there!”
“Not when I get my hands on you, you won’t!” The Director yelled “And you, Fabio!” He growled at a handcuffed and thoroughly shaken Frandal “I see your face again around here and I’m gone rip those curly whiskers of your stupid ass face!”
Steve barely stopped himself from jumping after him, reminding himself that while the other guy would barely have a scratch, he was still very much mortal; so he hurriedly pulled on a parachute while shouting his orders to the remaining Avengers.
“Yeah” The doctor swallowed thickly “Yeah we are”
gold?”
“Ok, on three”
Thor hits Times Square and the Avengers pay him a parting visit.
Thor allowed his head to hang, troubled and struggling under his morals and his duty. Odin saw this and placed a comforting hand to his slumped shoulder “We can only wield so much power as they believe we have. If this faith quakes, if there is even the slightest question to our claim as Protectors of the Realms, we are
Steven chuckled mirthfully at his husband’s distress, only patting a ‘helpful’ palm on the God’s back as he continued his trauma inducing story. “Mister Tom was nice, prickly like a cactus, but gentle, he took care of me on occasions my Ma had to work and I was too sick to go to school” Steven huffed a laugh and winked at his recuperating husband “Taught me how to cheat on just about every card game on the book”
“You too, kiddo,” Tony whispered into his hair. “Get some sleep.  Love you.”
One moon later and the amulet turning out to be a fake, Tony and Thanos were locked in an unforgiving battle.  Nothing Tony did seemed to faze the Titan and he was running out of options and nanites to continue the fight.
“Hey Pete,” he spoke, combing his fingers through the boy’s hair. “Wakey wakey sunshine. Your Aunt Pep’s here.”
Peter sighed and shoved his plate away.  “It’s fine, Dad,” he muttered as he fled the kitchen.
The man’s eyes widened in surprise.  “What?”
She huffed and sat up quickly.  “Fine,” she stated, scooting forward.
Tony leaned back in surprise.  “You don’t need my permission to call him, you know.”
The wizard grimaced.  “We’re in the endgame now.”
It had been three weeks since he was released from the hospital.  The bruises on his face were mostly faded, but the wheeze he got when he over-exerted himself had Pepper yelling at him to sit down and “rest for once in your goddamn life.” His ribs still ached, but he had lived with pain long enough that it was only background noise.  He was keeping Rhodes distracted while he suffered through physical therapy, heckling him from the desk next to the wall of windows.  The brace that would allow the colonel to comfortably walk again was fully designed; Tony just needed his stubborn family to allow him back in his workshop so he could actually build it.
They were sitting at the table in the middle of the lower deck.  He was trying to teach her paper football to pass some time while Dear Mr. Fantasy played in the background.  He flicked his paper football at her, hiding a grin when she lifted her fists in a fight stance.
Strange lifted his head, nodding as he gathered himself.  He started to stand before collapsing back onto the ground.  “Give me a minute.”
“You too,” he called back, shutting the door behind them.  He went back to the living room where the teens were still sleeping.
At the bright stab of sunlight, Tony sucked in a breath of air.  It was too warm to be Siberia, but too humid to be Afghanistan.  He was fine.  He was safe.
“Will do,” Pepper replied.  “See you soon.”
Tony hung up, rubbing his eyes before pulling up another contact and hitting dial.  Immediately, a voice shouted through the speakers.  “Dad!!! Are you okay? Dad, what happened to you and Pops?  Tell me you’re alright and coming home because if you’re not—”
Something wet fell on Tony’s cheek.  He turned his back towards Peter, unable to look at him with the ache settling under the arc reactor and the tears welling in his own eyes.
“Uncle Rhodey doesn’t have to know, does he?”  Peter laughed and the weight in Tony’s chest seemed a little lighter.  “Remember, what he doesn’t know—“
Shoving his shoulders back, he followed Peter’s obnoxious rendition of Britney Spears to the kitchen.  The teen was just getting to the chorus of Toxic when he walked in.
After Captain America went rogue and vehemently disagreed with the Accords, the general public seemed more hesitant to celebrate what he had stood for.  Was he right to fight the government on this?  Was he right to challenge something that would, in the long run, save more than harm?
“Dr. Cho.” He stated, swallowing down the lump building in his throat. “Mind explaining to me why this is back in my chest?”
Not even a minute later, the archer was back.  “Come on,” he said, walking towards the large barn that housed the tractor.
Tony took it upon himself to start talking at Nebula, anything to fill the cold silence and ignore the black void outside.  A bright birthing of stars was in the view of the cockpit windows, but it still reminded him a little too much of that wormhole in New York.
Carol gave a thumb up and disappeared again.  Tony felt the ship start moving and saw the stars start to blur.
Steve had given him the patented Stare of Disapproval, while Bruce had merely given a thumbs up before going back to bed.  Peter didn’t even stir.
Laura Barton looked exhausted.
She gripped the hand harder.  “Good.  You need to move on.”
While Peter was rambling about his awful english teacher, Tony’s thoughts drifted to the Accords.  He would need a plan to manipulate the UN into changing the Accords into something that would get the team back.
Tony huffed a laugh, pulling away from the redhead.  “Thank you.”
“Really?” she asked, looking up.
“There was a company meeting today with some big wigs Aunt Pepper couldn’t miss even though you were here,” Peter grumbled.
“It wasn’t that bad,” Peter mumbled, ducking his head.
“That’s not an excuse for me to stop being a father.”
Now it was just a matter of living with the fallout.
“Okay, so we go to him. I need you to understand though,” Strange trailed off, emphasizing with his hands.  “If it comes to saving you, or Peter, or the Time Stone, I will not hesitate to let either of you die.  The fate of the universe depends on this Stone.”
“I thought you’d never ask.” Peter said, already pulling out his phone and heading for the door.  “The usual, Dad?”
“Why didn’t you say something?” Pepper’s brow furrowed.
Tony had found Quill’s Zune under one of his many discarded shirts in his sleeping quarters.  Nebula didn’t seem too happy with the new addition of music to the atmosphere of the ship, but Tony was fine ignoring her steely aura if it meant he could listen to some music.
“I don’t know how you’ve been functioning with this mess,” he admitted, digging right in.  Aligning the wires back up was pretty easy.  He only needed to re-solder a few connections.  Some of the gears were trashed, but he remembered seeing some in Rocket’s room that he could replace them with.  The most concerning thing he saw were the connections themselves.  They were inefficient and poorly done.  “Do you mind if I…?”
Tony might have been biased towards Boston’s fireworks, but New Yorkers definitely knew how to put on a show.
Tony grit his teeth and flipped the hood open.  “So what, Barton?   You want to talk about our feelings?  Is that it?” He turned back around, waving the wrench around.  “Oh, the love of my life chose my parents’ murderer over me and then proceeded to almost kill me, I’m so sad, I can’t sleep at night.”
Tony sighed, running his fingers through Peter’s unruly hair.  Like father like son.
“Dad’s worked so hard on the Accords so you can come home.  Haven’t you seen?” Peter cried out.  “Why do you keep choosing him over us?  You can come home and let him stay in Wakanda.”
Peter was sat on the couch with Friends reruns playing on the TV.  He glanced over the back of it at Tony, eyes sad and dark circles heavy.
“I couldn’t let the one parent I had leave me,” Peter shot back wetly, slamming a rod into Maw.
“Oh come on, you don’t hate it, you just hate not understanding it right away.”  She grumbled in agreement.  “You know, you can call me anytime if you don’t get something.”
“I know, Pete.  I know. I miss him too,” he whispered back.
”  Tony felt his shoulders clench up.  “But you did too.”
Tony laughed.  “Yeah, of course.  Just ask your mom to give me a call and I’ll be happy to help.  Knowledge is power, kids.”
Her face fell.  “I was hoping Clint would call by now.”  He had no words of comfort to offer her. “Well, I was going to make some pasta for dinner if you’re not too busy.”
“Sorry about that, he’s a real jackass.”
“Grabby.  He kept trying to grab people’s shirts whenever they would walk by.”  Tony looked down with a smile.  “U and Butterfingers wouldn’t even give him the time of day when I first introduced them.”  A silence fell over the pair, lasting only a few seconds before Tony shook his head to clear his thoughts.  “Want to order a pizza for dinner?”
“Then why won’t he come home?” Peter asked, bottom lip wobbling.  “Honestly, fuck the Accords!”
“And you should be resting,” Peter stated, hands going to his hips.  “The doctor said you shouldn’t do anything other than rest for the next 2 months.”  Tony rolled his eyes and Peter threw his hands up in the air.  “If you won’t rest, can I at least do the heavy lifting?”
Tony handed the phone back.  “He would have loved it,” he said with a sad smile.  “We can put it in the bedroom, if you want?  Have it waiting there for him when he...” he drifted off, biting his lip at his own wording.
Tony gave a small smile.  “Sounds about right, kid.”
He sucked in a breath as the memory washed over him.  Shoving it down, he booked it for the old tractor that hadn’t moved from the center of the room.
“I know what happened.  In Siberia.”
“Peter?” came through the speaker, cracking on the last syllable.
“Shit, really?” Tony asked.  “I hate those.”
“Uh, Dad?  I’m getting beamed up.”
“Hang on!”  Tony watched in horror as Peter fell from the ship, only relaxing as his new suit encased him and he heard Peter mutter something about a new car smell.  “Okay, that’s it, kid.  Time to go home.”
“No, don’t—“
“Oh, you know, in between running a company, arguing with stuck-up politicians, and being a father, things have been going well,” Tony waved off her concern with a smile.
The man inhaled harshly and wiped his eyes.  The smurf was right.  Wallowing wasn’t going to get Peter back.  He looked up.  “Got a working ship?”
“Tell him about the dance-off to save the universe!” Drax suggested.
“It was fun,” she nodded.
that and he never told me.”  Tony sank into Pepper’s arms gratefully. “He said he
Peter grumbled and reluctantly headed for the table first.
Peter nodded, stepping back and wiping his nose on his sleeve.  “Okay.”
“Yeah, of course.  I wouldn’t miss your cooking for the end of the world.”
He hadn’t had a drop of alcohol since 2005.
It was a good thing he left Peter at home.  One angsty teen a day was enough.
Squeezing his eyes, he gripped the wedding band on his hand and yanked it off.  Steve wasn’t coming back.  He had made his decision clear: he was choosing Barnes.  Tony had no reason to bind himself to the man that had shattered his heart.  He lived with the constant reminder of that day in the form of a hole in his chest.  He didn’t need this weight on his finger to drag him down farther.
After the trial, Clint had told him to come visit the following week if he had time.  It had been an obvious ploy to try to talk about what happened, but Tony was actually looking forward to seeing Laura and the kids.
Tony wrapped his arms around the boy, letting his chin rest on his head.  “Okay, okay, thank you.”  He made a mental note to schedule an appointment for Peter with his old therapist if they were still working.  It would be easier if they already were familiar with the lives of superheroes.
He was gone.
is a stupid question,” Pepper stated, smiling at Tony’s wet chuckle.  “It’s going to be hard and it’s going to take time, but I’ve never met a more tenacious and persistent jerk.”
So that was what Peter had looked upset about.
“Yeah.  It was hard on him to wake up in a world where everything he knew was gone.”  He sighed and dragged a hand through his hair.  “I’m just saying, Pete.  It’s nothing to be ashamed of if you want to try it.  And if it doesn’t work, it doesn’t work.”
“I guess we’re not dying after all,” he sighed. “Time to face the music.”
“I know,” Tony mumbled.  “Just not sure how to sweep this under the rug with Ross breathing down our necks.”
“Dad—“
“It’s your lucky day!” the woman called out.  “I’ve got two free tickets to Earth, and it seems you guys are in need of a lift.”
“I stopped listening after you said ‘we need a plan.’”
“Can you two get this going a little faster—“
“I promise.”
Pepper smiled to herself. “You two are so alike it’s scary.”
“Come on, you got a look at my insides,” Tony bargained.  She resolutely ignored him.  “You’re no help if you’re in pain.”
Out of everything Tony was expecting, this wasn’t it.
His thoughts were slammed to a halt by FRIDAY’s voice coming over the speakers.  “Priority call from Secretary Ross.  There’s been a breach at the Raft prison.”
“Okay, okay, can we table this discussion for now?” Bruce asked, slightly hysterical.  “We have this Stone.  We know where it is at least.  And we have the Mind Stone, right?  Vision has it and we should find him
“Yeah,” Tony smiled.  He cranked harder on the water system’s valve.  It was being stubborn.  “Steve and I adopted him when he was 4.  His parents died in an accident and his only surviving relative, his aunt, was working full time and couldn’t support him.”  He stopped to set the wrench down, rubbing at the arc reactor.  He was getting weaker over time trying to fight the infection and survive off minimal food.  Nebula stayed quiet.  “Just the other week, he was telling me about one of his best friends, MJ, and how he liked her but didn’t know what to do about it.  And I stood there, like a fool, because my son?  Having a crush on someone and thinking of asking her out?  That was the first time I ever looked at him and saw him growing up.”
A bit of Thor/Steve interaction. Will slowly up the anthe in the next chapters. Kudos!
“Thor?!” The Captain stumbled to speak, face flushed and shocked.
Thor’s face met the mat in a heated smush and the sight he caught with the corner of his eye gave him both a thrill of arousal and a sinking dread.
It aint healthy, but then, who was Steve supposed to talk to now?
Steven arched a high brow over the edge of his book “Good.”
That night Thor did not go to bed, he scurried out of the palace straight to Asgards taverns. There he found himself surrounded by the Warrior Three and Lady Sif, all drinking merrily now that their moods seemed to have lightened with ale.
Odin smiled at the bowing human; a tenderness Thor had only seen directed to their small family now bestowed to his mortal Husband. “Aye, you are a righteous man, Steven. Worthy in every sense of the word. Therefore I, Odin Borson, name you Captain Steven Rogers of Midgard, Supreme Judge of Asgard.”
Thor pleaded through the bond, tickles all but forgotten as his mother and sibling worked unperturbed in their knitting.
“I am thrilled you have found the man to share your soul and that you are so eager to become one, but Thor, does he feel the same?”
But this was not enough for the Queen as she pressed on “Promise me, Thor”
The table sat in silence at the generous offer, so when the Captain stood and offered his hand out to the Guardian, no one spoke out in protest.
“Nowhere, mother, forgive me; what was it that you asked?”
his, just the night before.
The God bowed his head in acquiescence “I would expect no less of you Director, you have my respect.”
Thor smashed the bottle on the ground with a shout. “Another!”
Frigga released a sobbing giggle, bringing a small hand to her trembling lips as she saw her son in his wedding attire.
Steven gave him then the most evil grin he had witnessed in any face other than Loki’s “Yeah, nice wasn’t it?”
The God of Thunder was then promptly toppled over by the ways of a pillow shoved in his face as the Soldier rolled away and out of bed with a disgusted groan.
Thor met the Captain’s eye as their parts approached, drawing comfort and joy from his partner as they each extended their souls to meet and meld together. Steven’s touch was still harsh and unpracticed, a punch to the gut more than a shaking of hands, but all the more precious to Thor for it. The golden God grinned to his friend, unable to remain unmoved and poised under such a surge of tender emotion.
The Captain gave an utterly unrepentant shrug of his wide shoulders “Well I
“I would believe I raised a leader and a prince” Odin hissed, standing still in his night clothes and ever the more threatening for it “Not to be easily swayed by the likes of a common manwhore!”
“I came to see you” He said, speaking plainly as he made himself comfortable on the small seats that decorated the Captains rooms. Thor shot the man a salacious grin “We will be married in a couple of days, shouldn’t we spend as much time as we can acquainting ourselves to one another?”
And wasn’t that the problem? Steve didn’t know how much longer he would be able to smile and nod. He would break… and no one would like the outcome of that. He had never been one to pull his punches, and he didn’t like feeling cornered. He would lash out something fierce.
“While you lay there fretting over your non-existent virtue, The All father bid your hand in marriage to Midgard, ensuring you free transit on the planet for an indefinite time. Your presence alone stakes a claim and would ensure no other realms turned their greedy eyes on Earth, least they draw Asgard’s wrath upon them.” Loki mused “ No, no one would dare encroach on that of the All Father… Odin singlehandedly secured the Planet’s survival by setting them on an impossible quest”
Steve sat on the couch of his living room, shivering slightly at the cold that had gathered in the empty room so late in the evening. The Soldier pulled an afghan, the ugliest one he had
The Doctor smiled at the embarrassed Captain “Think he’ll want that signed?”
“Bruce! Bruce! Bruce!” The room chanted as the Doctor chugged two tankards of ale with a strange contraption of tubes and a cone, not spilling a drop as he swallowed the large load until they emptied the tankards and released the tubes with a roar. Echoed by the other Asgardians like a war cry that made the very walls of the tavern tremble.
Loki hissed and sprung from his seat in a fit of pique “Imbeciles, the lot of you”
They had not laid together since their return from their hunting trip; the Captain had not retreated from him entirely, but he would not initiate intimacy as he had done that night, the liquid courage of Asgardian ale flowing through his veins, and though Thor knew he did not regret their union, he could not help but feel that maybe something was amiss. Had he not enjoyed himself?
The man seethed.
“Right back at you grandp- I mean, Cap!” The strange human stumbled, correcting himself with a soft flush to his scarcely bearded face and finally releasing the Captain’s hand “Captain America. Because you are, The Captain America.”
“Come” Frigga broke the heated silence, her voice sweet but firm, broking no question as she waved the visitors forward to a waiting carriage on the bridge. “Let us make haste, you must be wary of your travels”
Barton snorted “Buddy, you’re in New York! Leave the thing in Times Square for a week and you’ll have covered a third of the World’s population”
The Captain was settling extraordinarily well into Asgard life. Over two months and only a few days away  from his return to Midgard as Ambassador, Steven had become indispensable in Odin’s Council. He was astoundingly wise for one so young and his contributions to Odin’s court went seldomly overlooked; on the contrary, most of the royal counselors awaited eagerly for the Captain to voice his thoughts whenever they leaned over a war plan. Steven had a sharp mind that had given even the All Father pause on more than one occasion, and he was so very humble and unassuming, but so firm in his ideals that one could only nod and follow. The Captain was so very resilient and intuitive, his integration near effortless.
“Iron man is inside with the top Boss” Hawkeye explained “And he isn’t winning”
“Yep”
Odin closed his eye and turned to gaze out of his window. “I did not plan for this to happen, but I am not as wise as I should be.” Thor startled at the admission, as close to an apology as Odin could ever be. The All Father allowed himself a second of remorse, before nodding resolutely, unshakable once more. “You will have the one the Norn’s have fated for you”
“Captain, I would like you to meet the Warrior Three and Lady Sif” Thor boomed, grinning proudly as his friends struck a gallant pose and bowed their heads in respect.
“Steven was having a morning run, Sir.”
“Neither do I.” Thor admitted, holding on to his husband zealously, fervent to prolong this blissful moment as long as he could. Where he could feel Steven’s heart so close to his own, so very his.
“I am well Odin; it was only a scratch”
“Perhaps we can make arrangements for a proper courting until the wedding preparations are done, if they are to be thrown in this ill-fated game of yours, this is the least we can give them.”
Stark glared cuttingly “No one tells Pepper”
Steve needed an outlet.
She had patted his back to stop him after the third round, when Tony had laid on her, still seated balls deep, pulsing and rocking gently; still hard inside her and more than eager to go again, maybe the fourth time would do to take the blond Captain out of his mind. She had been satisfied; he had stayed until her breathing evened in deep contented sleep.
Thor sent yet another furtive glance to his fierce Husband, guarding Loki’s other flank from the silent soldiers and completely oblivious to the God’s curiosity and awe.
“All the better!” Thor boomed with a thundering laugh, waving bye at the trio as the automatic doors shut at their backs, he turned his lascivious grin to the other blond “You should join us, Captain”
“Oh, do you?” Tony sassed, turning to the Hulk with a sarcastic smile.
“Argh! Here, look!” Loki shifted on the bed, his magic drawn out and covering his body, shaping him to take another form. Broader and touched in gold. The mirror image of Captain America sat beside Thor with that characteristic disapproving frown the God so loved and feared. “Better?” The Captain’s voice came from those lying lips, slowly quirking into a mischievous grin under Thor’s scowling “Do you want to have a rousing discussion about truth? Honor?”
Nothing.
“You were saying?” The blond God quipped, unable to resist the rare chance to slight the other’s intelligence and earning a twin warning glance from his companions that erased all his cheekiness. It would be his luck if his lovely husband was infected by Loki’s bitterness. Thor exhaled a long breath. “I will check on Mother”
“Fuck you too, Hulk!”
A loud cheer was released in the echoing halls of Asgards palace, almost like a war cry. Steven swallowed imperceptibly and lowered his gaze.
Steven cleared his throat loudly “Say Thor, is there any…
Thor could honestly not remember when this whole affair had stopped being a hypothetical plan of action and turned into ‘Action’, following a fiercely determined Frandal though the dark streets of Asgard, rousing many musicians and mages on his way back to the palace. Thor could only recall giggling loudly with the others as they listened to Frandals plans.
“We are here to deliver the Prince’s Intended to our King, bring him forth and we shall go”
Now Thor began to suspect “Captain?”
“We will” The Soldier promised, cutting Thor off before he set himself to a tirade in front of their attentive audience. One last breathtaking smile. “See you in a minute”.
“All will be fine, my Prince” Mistress Eir consoled with a patient smile for the glum God “fret not, he should awaken any second now.”
Thor groaned and pulled the man closer, matching the Captains smooth, sleek movements and igniting sparks that pierced him straight through and left him shacking to his very core.
“Where are you going?” Thor asked, intrigued despite his heartbreak.
“ I heard what happened in Genève” She whispered, her honey brown eyes cast downwards to their intertwined fingers “I saw the meeting of the UN with your Father on the news”
And perhaps that was the width of this. Thor would never be just hers ever again.
Thor grinned exuberantly at his fondly pained looking mother, shoveling his weight in food with no remorse.
“What surprise?” Tony perked
“I never meant that” Steve defended, his face aflame as he brought the tiny cap to his chest, as if to protect it from the angry onslaught. “I’m sorry, the memo mentioned you- um- spawning and I just assumed…”
Thor’s throat worked around his words “And I will not be going with you…”
“Where is Frigga” Not a question, a demand.
“She was there you know?”
“I don’t know, I always thought they were ponies”
Thor was about to protest being ripped away from his scant time with his intended, but something in the gaze of the Director gave him pause, he nodded and turned to the silent Captain “I shall meet you later Steven”
“I came to the solution that I would throttle him within an inch of his life now and then until these tales ceased to exist.”
“Aye, I though you deserved a grander welcoming to Asgard than you had received”
“Thor, big guy, think this through.”
“Loki.” She pleaded quietly.
Thor felt his face break into a wide grin before he could stop himself, realizing quickly that he had shot himself in the foot. He shot Steven an apologetic wince as the man’s jaw worked in irritation.
“Tada!” Clint clapped “You’re a precious June Bride.”
Thor’s mouth fell open in unflattering gapes as he saw his Mother nod eagerly at his Father’s blunt assessment “No!” Thor stumbled to correct “Well yes! but no…”
The Captain nodded curtly, gripping to his arm tighter, his soul bounding forward again in a startling strong leap, near drowning Thor with it’s presence. Loki arched an amused eyebrow at the Captain, but wisely held his tongue, concentrating on his task.
“Steven…” Thor groused around the tight knot of emotion threatening to choke him. Tears stinging his eyes as he gazed down at the finely polished band adorning his finger, the intricate carving in the golden ring so delicate and so very fine he could not rip his eyes away from it.
He just thought he wouldn’t have to be privy to it.
“I like the flowers in your hair, nice touch” Clint jumped in, holding a small, fluffy cloud like cloth in his hands “Got something to complete the look for you”
“What?” Thor asked befuddled at his betrothed’s back.
“Pepper!” He greeted, cheerfully, arms spread wide as he approached her.
“Ohhh” Barton taunted, adding flames to the fire that began to burn in Steven’s sapphire eyes. “Are you?”
; dying behind them “And my will is to stay here.”
“Of course I did” Odin replied, matter of fact and completely unrepentant. Thor glared at his Father, anger and betrayal coursing through his veins.
The Widow laughed charmingly and bestowed a parting kiss to the Captain’s cheek; leaving a dark, red imprint of her plump lips for Thor to frown upon.
“What do you mean?”
Thor hummed in response, earning a sharp look from his brother. “I don’t think you understand the true depth of this”
“You have escaped your cell”
Thor hit hard and true, as Steven needed, and got just about the same careless treatment as he let the Mortal man unleash the harsh emotions he had been drowning in. It went on for a long time, God and Mortal meeting in punishing strokes of frustration until they could not go on and declined into childish tackling and tripping of the other. Slowly, but surely, the Captain relaxed in Thor’s stubborn attacks and they both ended rolling like little boys in the matted grass of the clearing, pawing at their faces as Thor tried to rub dirt in Steven’s face and Steven in turn pulled at his beard and slapped at his fuzzy cheeks.
The Captain smiled and shook the man’s hand in silent commending. As if he had been the one to go head to head with a God and emerged victorious. “Now I believe you owe the Dame some money” Steve grinned, dazzling and shark like “Cough it up, Doc”
Steve’s breaths began to draw harder and just as he felt he would lose his goddamned mind the sounds stopped and in the distance, thunder roared in the skies. Steve inhaled sharply as the others sprung into action, running towards the dark and barking orders to each other, Volstagg halting his rocking and drifting off to one of the large tents where he disappeared without a word.
“You. don’t. touch. my. husband!” Thor snarled, bestowing a punishing slam of his hammer to the Accuser with each spitted word.
“Aye” Thor nodded and turned fully to the fogged mirage of his betrothed “Where did you hear of these creatures, Steven?”
“Then we shall have it” Thor promised, clenching the man’s left hand, the cold of their wedding bands meeting until it warmed under their touch.
Thor stood next to the open doors with a small smile on his face. “May I enter?”
“No” Thor purposely deceived, pouting as he took a training sword from Lady Sif and began to go through his paces with the fierce woman.
“We owe a great debt to Midgard, Loki has pitched them into destruction, all the realms eyes have turned to Earth and I fear that our standing as peacekeepers will be questioned if we allow them to fall in disgrace.” Odin stated, adorned in his kingly regalia and leading an entourage of Asgard’s finest warriors to the meager remains of the Bifrost. Thor followed closely, mounted in his white stead next to his father’s magnificent 8 legged stallion, feeling every bit the unfit child he appeared compared to his near omnipotent father. With one last kip of irritation, Odin nodded his ready to Heimdall and turned his severe gaze to Thor:” I will not stand for Asgard’s honor to be doubted, nor my son’s”
“Thanks Clint, say hi to the family for me.”
Stark gapped and for a second looked like he would kick the archer in the shin, before flapping his arms up in defeat and turning on his feet to look for his fiancé. The assassins snickered under their breaths and Banner shook his head dejectedly.
Steve’s body convulsed and heaved, his dinner climbing up his throat as he scrambled off the couch and ran to the bathroom. He barely made it there when his stomachs content upends it’s self out in a loud hurl.
Thor arrived to Earth in a Flash of rainbow lights, startling the hundreds of scientist gathered around the beloved hammer, scanning it and probing it with increasing exasperation. Thor marched forward; hand extended expectantly in a silent beckoning. Mjolnir soared to him, slapping eagerly into his calloused palm as if it had missed him. Thor flexed his fingers on her handle lovingly, feeling his hand meld into the well-worn leather of the perfectly balanced weapon. Lightning crackled in the sky, sparks of electricity jumping there where he held Mjolnir, feeling her magical presence course through his body, as if reacquainting itself to him after so long apart. Thor sighed contentedly.
“Little Widow is prettiest Avenger”
“I can explain”
“Steven?” Thor whispered after the passion had burned out and only his deep, overwhelming love for this delight of a man remained. The God curled himself over the human, head resting on the Soldier’s chest and closing his eyes to marvel at the steady beat of this miracle he held in his arms, now truly his in every sense.
Steve frowned but listened.
“Unicorns?” Thor blanched, what did those impious creatures have to do with his Steven?
“Rumor on Earth was that the Captain’s
Thor grinned unrepentant and the Captain barked an amused laugh and then, surprising even Thor, he walked closer to the God. their bodies rubbing together in every step. Thor’s grin near parted his face in two.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thor smiled at the charming man “As I said, you shall have it all”
“Away”
Thor blushed crimson and snickered into the Captain’s neck in intervals, both swaying softly to Steven’s soft crooning and melodious humming of the Midgardian tune. Booming a startled laugh when the Captain dared to give him a spin, his silken dress flaring wide charmingly.
“That serum that runs through his veins is property of the US army.” General Ross glared haughtily, looking at the President in a side glance, trying to read the papers over his shoulder.
“And what of Asgards protection?” The President asked, sliding the folder away as if personally offended by its existence, which to be fair, might be the case. “Our continued survival may rest on this marriage and you want us to just let that lay on one man’s decision.”
“Is this
“He’s probably scared that you will make a hotter groom” The Black Widow mussed to her glass, her lips curving in a coy smile as she took a dainty sip of her clear drink.
Odin blinked “He has that aplenty from what I can perceive.”
“Captain?” Thor murmured softly in turn.
He knew this woman, he loved her.
Steve barked a laugh and pushed the empty glass to the God’s chest, deep chuckles joining his own as he leaned back on the God and allowed his husband to pass a damp cloth over his sweaty face.
“He will be a royal consort” Heimdall declared “He will possess the same power over our armies and resources as our crown prince does, he will have access to the magic that flows in Asgard and he will live thousands of years, if he wishes so.”
, wow.” The man breathed, shaking the Captain’s hand for longer than it was strictly necessary as his teammates gathered around the two curiously “My name is Peter Quill, or Starlord, also a fellow human, like you…”
Steve barked a laugh and clapped a hand on the Doctor’s shoulder “No need for that.” He assured his friends, taking his shield and holding it up high so they could see the three little pictures stuck to the inside of the Vibranium artifact. He smiled brightly at the frozen faces on the little squares “I’ve got my angels right here…” He then turned to place the shield on his back with the same peaceful smile on his smooth face for his silently awed friends.
“It would be insulting to refuse, might even start a war” Steve repeated, what he had told himself so many times before to stop himself from lashing out, keep himself put. it sounded mechanical, unconvincing.
Tony couldn’t let that happen.
The Captain ripped the God from his fond reminiscing with a dry whisper “I can’t imagine why”
Gamora fought back the tears of heart wrecking relief as she bowed deeply for the God “Thank you, All Father…” She turned to leave before halting after a step, head tilting thoughtfully as she whispered over her shoulder to the imposing man “One last thing, if I may, my King.”
“Double it says they aren’t” Natasha said, taking a sip of whatever tea she and Bruce were rasping sonnets over not a half hour ago, when the first of the thumping was heard.
“The Captain defeated Heimdall?” Thor had sputtered. The All Father pursed his lips in discomfort and nodded sharply. “How is that possible? Even you can hardly best him!”
“Oh brother, you always aim true!” Thor moaned, relief painted clear in his now brightened features, as if a physical shadow had been lifted from his face. “You bring me such peace”
Frigga pretended she didn’t find it hilarious. Someone had to upkeep the seriousness in the palace, or they would all devolve into mad fools. And technically, it was her fault in the first place.
“I know that making that decision couldn’t have been any less than the hardest one you’ve ever made.” The Captain insisted, gazing into their eyes knowingly, making the Guardians shift and quiet as they recalled their struggles along the way, all their doubts. “The price of freedom is high; it always has been. But it’s one you were all willing to pay… You are heroes.”
Steve gets a teacher and Thor gets his reckoning.
Thor’s throat worked around a knot, catching his hand before it ruined the painting as it extended forth without his knowing, trying to touch that which moved him so.
sorry-“
“Hey now, no need to be petty” The Captain admonished, though his eyes shinned still with that mischievous light Thor had now learnt to fear. “Don’t go into the Devils kitchen if you can’t stand the heat”
After the whole debacle was done and he returned to the shore with a pouting Thor in toe, Steve tried to be as calm and nonchalant as he could and pretend that the God’s words had not just fried his brain with the possibilities.
The crowd fell into an incredulous, daunting silence.
“One”
Steven scoffed, disbelieving “I’ll have to take your word for it.” Then pursed his pink lips in deep thought “You won that fight Thor, you saved Earth from invasion.” The Captain paused as he placed a reassuring hand on Thor’s shoulder “You saved me… You’re a hero, don’t doubt that.”
“Mjolnir is moving”
Steve gripped Mjolnir tighter in his fist, wishing for Thor to finally make an appearance as he soon feared he would need a little Godly help to stop the clash of Father and Son.
, gaze.
Steve wanted to scream.
Steve swallowed and held his hand up to halt the skittish soldiers from firing “General”
“Oh, wouldn’t that be nice” Stark bit out “Well, we are going to bed now, lot more celebrating to be done” He winked at his betrothed who grew pink at his attentions “We’ll leave you two to it. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do” He paused as if in consideration, his playful tone not concealing the seriousness beneath the sentence “or do, actually”
Heimdall shrugged. The humans startled like children.
A silent tragedy.
“That’s how you wanna go?”
!” Fury cried with jubilee; startling Thor with such an uncharacteristic behavior while the Mortal gaped, looking from the horrified Captain to Heimdall, shaking in delight “Brother, look at you! The Captain straight up beat the holiness outta your ass!” The Director cackled merrily and turned to the royals standing in silence, fiercely meeting their gaze; unrepentant as he spoke, loud and clear “I hope that serves as a reminder that Earth is not to be played with. ‘Cause we got a lot more where that came from!”
Later that night Thor found himself surrounded by most of his dearest persons. His betrothed, smiling and chatting as brightly as he had not in so long; his childhood friends, the Warrior Three and Lady Sif, who had been overjoyed by the earthly concept of Stag parties and joined their Lord in this tradition, and his Shield Brothers, all sitting in one of Asgards gaudiest taverns and drinking mead like seasoned connoisseurs.
Bruce stepped up and straightened the tie at his neck with expert hands, surprising Steve into a motionless silence. “Take care of yourself, Steve”
Thor eyed the remains of the barely forming limb of stone, the room set in a heavy, incredulous silence as the three men gazed down at the ruined piece of art in various degrees of horror.
Rocket nodded enthusiastically “And eat you for giving up the stone.”
” Thor cried, hands held up high as his opponent swayed and blinked blearily, fist held up frozen half-way “Not in the face, good sir. I am to be wedded today.”
“Look Cap, I know you feel you have to stay, and if you really want to, I won’t fight you.” He straightened, pulling his hand away and stepping back, truly letting Steve decide “But Nat has gone to get Bruce and we're meeting in 30 minutes on the other side of town. If there is even the smallest bit of you that is not sure about going through with this, you’ll come with me.”
Tony had effectively become pen pals with Captain America.
Please let me know your thoughts so far on the story and if you have any requests for it. I'm stuggling with how to approach the courting process and mariage.
“I don’t know what I think about you, really” Steve confessed to a confused God. “But I have this feeling that maybe… this is not all it seems to be”
And he had missed him dearly.
So when the Captain turned to his team and called for them to assemble. Thor could smile at his husband with real joy. And follow the man wherever he may lead.
He had called Steve.
Steve sat frozen on a small log, gazing into the fire as he and the Warrior Three and Lady Sif struggled to stay put as the cries grew fainter and the sobs louder. Volstagg pressed his large hands to his ears, swaying slightly back and forth as the pounding of fists grew wetter and only deep sobs ringed in the night. Hogun and Sif stared blankly at the flames, hands joined and bleeding where their nails dug into each other’s palms.
“I wished to speak with you about this mornings events”
“Tony” Steve smiled.
Loki blinked back.
“Steve?”
“Yes” Steven whispered, sealing his words with a feather light kiss and prompting uproarious cheering and clapping from their people.
“Asgard stands by you” Odin reassured “she will not relinquish the Tesseract to you and set you on a warpath. She will not release Loki Odinson to you and give him a second chance to conquer this planet, Asgard speaks through me as I say that you will never suffer invasion and destruction by others but yourselves again. My word is what I offer and that is what you have.”
Aghast and a bit of smut. Lots of Feels
-----
Steve’s eyes widened as he spied the nearest exit, the silence that reigned in the room stifling in disbelieve. He clenched the beeper in his belt and waited for the outbursts to come.
“Guess you don’t know me very well, I’ll make it simple for you then.” Tony smirked, all teeth and bite “I’ll have Captain America grinding up and down a pole in my private jets before I let him raise a single finger for the likes of you.”
“Good.”
“Yeah, that was hard to miss. But you know what I’m saying…” The Soldier insisted, pursing his lips and staring firmly into the other’s emerald eyes “There’s something else.”
Steve is happy, Thor is locked in a tower, and Pepperony showdown.
“Nope” Thor popped “I trust we didn’t awaken you too harshly”
“One week?” Thor probed with big, pleading puppy eyes.
Surrounded by the bodies of the fallen Asgardian soldiers and his own Kree army. The blond Idiot was tapping his feet and swirling his hips in spasm of limbs, uncoordinated and guided by a dissonant tune the man insisted on humming along.
“Steven, I am a God of Fertility.” Thor chuckled patiently for his flustered husband, before his face morphed and sobered; eyes darkened dangerously as he gazed at his spouse with lustful promise “You will
He caught the forewarning of a bloodcurdling smile from the Man and what fallowed would be a tale to be sung for millennia to come. The mortal man conquered the God.
Steven seemed to relax at this and nodded firmly for the stony Director. “I’ll hold you to that”
“Kick his ass, Steve!” Barton cheered.
“Another of that Frandals promptings?” The All Father guessed humorlessly.
Still, Odin stood speechless.
Steve nodded at the Shield Agents as Fury called.
“Fucking… “ The Director hissed, arm flopping and gun waving in frustrated disbelieve before turning back to the other human. “So your plan was what? Kidnap the Captain?”
No reaction
Tony had seen that ass first…
After Thor was dragged out of Steve’s rooms like a scoundrel by a disturbingly calm and clearly practiced Guardian. Steve sat in the couch for a long time. A hand coming up to rub his jaw, his fingers taping his still tickling lips.
. Steve pulled himself to his feet, leapt out of the room balcony and broke into a hard sprint into Asgards starry night.
Thor’s face turned dark as he recalled the betrayal of that weaselly bastard. “Frandal, yes, he fancies himself a poet”
“Whatever you wish, Captain” Thor vowed vehemently, sitting still on the sofa, reeling from the feather light kiss and fighting the urge to hunt the Soldier down for more. “These are all yours”
“What honor?” Steve scoffed “You asked for a fight. I’m givin’ you one”
A few hours after Steven’s cold departure from their wedded chambers, Thor found himself battling to keep his composure as he raced to the Bifrost where many a court and peasants waited to bid the human farewell. The growing adoration from Asgardians towards his husband was something that would both bring comfort to his heart and make him seethe in jealousy, as he spied more than one man and woman dressed rather indecently and batting eyes.
Two mortal men appeared in a flash of multicolored lights, similar looks of astonishment on their faces. Thor barely noticed the Director standing next to the bewildered Captain.
.” Steven chuckled low and continued to scratch gently at the God’s beard, eliciting a pleased groan as Thor plopped down and rolled to his back, an arm coming to lay over his toned stomach where tiny flutters of tender emotion threatened to overcome the God of Thunder as he spoke up to his wondering husband with a giddy smile “I feel I’ve come down with something, Husband”
“Give me that cushion” Thor growled with a furious glare to a toothily smirking Soldier.
“Infinitely so” Thor groused, voice thick with emotion. Frigga blinked quickly and nodded.
Thor cackled loudly at his departure, his arms spread wide on the back of the couch and waited for his shy Betrothed to come out.
Steve’s lips trembled for a short second before a hand came to hold his jaw, as if he could physically hold back his heartbreak as he brokenly croaked. “He should have asked.”
Steven barked an incredulous laugh “Really, Thor?”
And with a final handshake, the Avengers were gone.
“Yes you fucking can” Tony surged forward, slamming his lips against Steve’s, teeth rattling and cutting. He poured his everything to the kiss, caressing, licking, biting, anything to get a reaction from the frozen, irresponsive Soldier. He pulled back, gasping in harsh hurt breaths.
“Naked!” He gave a shaky eyebrow waggle as he was dragged out of the door and out of sight.
And he did, as he dropped the archer on the mat with a bounce for the fifth time. He roared his victory to those bearing witness.
------
Steven glanced at his crestfallen husband and pursed his lips worriedly “… Ok, one day.”
The chain began to tighten, gripping around Loki’s neck like a noose “Not even a bit of maiming?”
Steve’s throat worked around a knot, mind struggling to come to grasp on the words “Does that mean that I’m..?”
“How would you like we leave this horrid place, Steven?”
The God smiled at his intended “Yes, Steven”
Lady Potts intuitive eyes narrowed and graced him with a sympathetic smile.
And finally he was in luck, as he entered Steven’s rooms in a whirlwind of anxious energy, and there he was, as if he had never left, dressed in soft tunic and pants, barefooted and covered in splotches of paint from head to toe. Steven startled, his blue, blue eyes wide and blinking owlishly as he eyed the agitated God.
“No buts, eat”
(See the end of the chapter for
And then, he turned on the News channel.
Steve was… upset.
“Your wedding date has been set”
Ronan growled and swung his weapon at the mechanical armor, managing to dislodge himself of the iron grip just in time to receive a hammer stroke to the face by a furious God of Thunder.
“Do not call me
Bucky was sure to be rolling in a fit.
Thor thought back to his own sparring session with the Captain and could only agree with his friend’s statement. That day he had felt the first stirs of attraction for the Soldier, his soul even then calling for the man; of course, Thor had been blind and deaf to not realize this sooner.
“Sorry to bust the wedding but we have a situation out there” The man of Iron spoke, stopping a good feet away from the newlyweds and pointing a thumb back in the direction he had come from “Someone is messing up your front yard and the lawn dwarfs aren’t looking to good, either”
Steve felt a chill crawl down his spine, standing straight now as a feeling of dreed began to nest in his stomach.  He met the God’s eye and held it. “Yes”
“No, it is not” The God whispered, digging his face deeper into his Betrothed’s embrace.
Steve looked at the man hard for a second and pursed his lip, weighting his shield clasped on his arm with a contemplative frown.” Yeah, hmm, wait, actually.” He grimaced and walked forward “Just give me a minute.”
“Are you even listening?” One woman shouted in irritation. That would be the second one he would get.
Thor stifled a groan and cleared his voice twice before speaking: “Captain, forgive me for interrupting your sleep”
To the other side of the guest halls, the Guardian’s of the Galaxy sat silently around a platter of forgotten foods as they all stared in alarm and awe at the wall where the sounds of voracious lovemaking originated and ended with a name.
Steve groaned loudly. “Oh geez, why didn’t Thor tell me?”
“At least put some clothes on!” Steven yelped into the God’s mouth, cackling loudly as Thor chased his lips like a rabid dog chases a rabbit.
And Steven; good, honorable Steven, had consoled him. No matter that he was the one in a strange land, giving up the one thing his country would never ask of him. Because they, even in their shrewdness, knew limits to evil.
And they shared heartfelt kisses and mirthful chuckles as the horror of Thor’s own doing slipped away, chased off by Steven’s warmth and tender care. Thor could not love the man more than he did this night. They fell asleep in each other’s arms, as they had since their wedding, but this was the first time their hearts truly rested as one.
The Captain nodded understandingly “After.”
“Odin would never allow it”
Frandal sighed heavily: “There is still time, Thor” and with a bitter drink to his own tankard he reluctantly vowed “I shall personally help you win his affections”
A lone man appeared by the wide entrance, cast in shadows by the bright light of Asgards rising sun. Only his firm footsteps sounded in the crowded hall as he strode forward, his posture firm and commanding as he crossed the room of Asgardians in an unwavering step.
Loki’s eyes went comically wide, laughter cut abruptly at the sight of the sugary insult to the Norn’s. “I will never see Valhalla for this”
The courting begins, Frigga is a mama bear, Frandal is a player and Thor is his faithfull student.
Frigga rose a challenging brow at the poorly hidden innuendo and pinched his thigh under the table in punishment.
The Avengers and Guardians marched back to the palace for the feast, followed closely by the surviving soldiers. Thor walked quietly now besides his father, mind troubled as he saw his men limp and stagger into the golden halls. Once at the doors of the great halls where the celebrations would be had, the God of Thunder laid a stalling hand on his Father’s shoulder.
“Simple, let the Captain decide.”
Steven sighed heavily “Ok, but just the morning…” Thor opened his mouth to protest only to fall silent with the stern look of the Captain “No, I’m putting my foot down,
The thing is, Steve knew how to fight, he could fight all day long. He was a man of war, he thrived in it, excelled in bloodbaths and slaughter. But that is not what he needed to do now.
He panicked.
Well, Jacques had certainly tried once or twice…
Steven breathed agitatedly for a long moment, face paling and flushing in strange intervals until he calmed under Thor’s patient hands, caressing his unruly hair and dirty cheeks.
Thor gripped his Fathers hand for a second, a gesture of gratitude since words were missing to express his emotion. Odin nudged his silver head to his son’s golden one, a gesture so bizarre now that Thor was grown but so cherished when he was a child that the blond God could not help but snicker.
Thor smiled like a besotted fool at the Captains oblivious head and continued to do so for most of the night until they all parted to their bed chambers in satisfied quietude.
Thor spends some quality time with his shield brothers.
“Thor, you’re looking good” He greeted amicably.
The Doctor barked a laugh and shrugged “Yeah, I still have one more project to finish on Earth, after…” The Doctor trailed off with an uncertain tone “well, after.”
Once the cushion had been procured, Thor relaxed into the soft and luscious tapestry, eyeing the Soldier with open hunger while the man walked forward, massaging a kink that must have formed in his neck after the short nap. The Captain caught Thor’s gaze and flushed delightfully, his eyes squinting as he scoffed: “Eyes are up here, pal”
Thor crossed the oceans and lands, yearning for the hot desert planes he remembered so fondly, where the sun climbed the sky in a scorching crawl and the stars and galaxies dared a peak unencumbered in the night. Where his heart swelled and fluttered at the sight of those clever doe eyes. He yearned for his Jane.
Tony finally managed to escape the council room with most of his blood, the politicians having latched on to his neck like leaches after his slip. poking and probing and nudging for more as they set the foundations for a military contract to ensure Tony was well and truly shackled for the rest of his life.
The Director, Odin and half of the neighboring tables scoffed loudly at the innocent question and Thor felt instantly offended on the Captains behalf.
Apparently Idunn apples caused flatulence in small farm animals, they had found the fact quite hilarious. Their father though…
Thor felt his stomach fall, uncertainty weighting heavy inside him as he beheld the Captain with ever growing horror until thankfully, Volstagg emerged; his legendary strength once again shone true and with a mighty roar he crushed the Soldier’s hand down.
The dark guardian of the door cocked his head to the side and slowly, but very deliberately, tapped his sword to the ground, magicking another tenths of Soldiers onto the UN plaza, to the disparaging shouts of the human military surrounding them.
“What the fuck, Steve!”
Hogun cleared his throat and placed his slim gaze on Thor: “My Lord, have you even spoken with him of this?”
Gasps rang around the ever-crowding halls and Steven blushed under the attention.
The Archer snorted childishly “Oh please, who do you think sent us in the first place”
?!” Thor stuttered, his tongue tied to ribbons by Steven’s sensual coaxing and blood navigating rapidly south.
Surprising perhaps only to Steve, the chain extended. From a tightly spun string, yards of light surged and just as Loki cried in elated freedom, Steve gripped at the end of the rope, drawing a sharp gasp from his brother in law and catching him with a steady gaze, his blue eyes open and compelling on the emerald orbs.
“Thor?”
“And now: Lady Sif!” Thor grinned at the brunette woman, watching her step forward with grace and a fierce gaze “Deadliest Warrior of Asgard, as skilled as she is beautiful!”
“Hey, Thor?” Steven called to him again, approaching him gently “General, let’s take a break”
Steven smiled shakily and dipped his head, hiding his deep emotion at the gesture. Thor was hard pressed to stay next to his mother in face of such demure charms, but he resisted and finally called: “We shall leave you to it Master Bragi, Steven”
“Thank
Steven nodded his understanding.
Thor glowered like a storm while Steve hunched to the side, covering his flushed cheeks in his hands. The Captain cleared his throat and spoke in the soft, subdued lull of embarrassment “Of course.”
Thor grunted and snarled as he pulled at Volstagg’s fist, giving up all pretense of honor and using both arms in their wrestling, huffing in disgust as Volstagg drank from his tankard, unbothered by the God’s urgent and powerful surges. The Giant released a truly horrendous burp in Thor’s face, the gist of stale breath prompting a startled cry from the God of Thunder and with that last indignity, Volstagg slammed his fist down, dragging Thor to the dirt floor where he promptly dissolved to thundering cackles of mirth.
Loki scoffed to the side and opened his mouth to sling a jibe to his fretting brother, but was cut short by a sharp look of his mother. The God of Mischief settled back into his seat with a sullen pout in his regal face. Frigga sighed.
“Oh no, thank you” Natasha replied “That’s not a question I need answered”
“Say yes” Thor whispered onto his Captain’s lips, halting his gyrating hips as he shared his harsh breaths with his love; eyes meeting in a daze of lust and affection. Steven gazed down at the God, swallowing thickly as he searched his husband’s eyes for a long, unbearable moment, before nodding and smiling.
“What is this?” Steve questioned, receiving a small device from Fury’s hand, and turning it carefully. The Director met his blue eyes with an icy, fatal gaze.
“Thanks, Clint” Steve shot, his brow furrowed deeper and shooting a look at his waiting opponent “Just a second, Mister”
“There.”
The God dipped in and took his husbands lips in a fevered, wanton kiss; pressing his spouse into the bed with his whole weight, caging him in, covering him with his body so as to protect him from the world outside, keep him his forever. And at this moment he could think of only one way to do this.
The man of Iron nodded and strutted towards Mjolnir “Anyways, I don’t need a suit. I’m Tony Fucking Stark. If I can’t lift it, no one will”
The God of Thunder struggled to hold his face clear of lust as he met the Director’s stern eye, still irate after that morning’s disaster. Thor had washed his hands thoroughly afterwards. His face blazed with a shamed blush as he recalled the handful of firm buttock he had grabbed, believing it was his intendeds.
Pepper was gasping now, shaking in overstimulation but so eager for more.
Then he shot to the air in a burst of propulsors. Making the math of soldiers per hour until he got to the other side of the world. The math wasn’t flattering.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony grit his teeth, slamming a closed fist to the Captain’s chest. Once, twice, thrice.
Loki pursed his lips and turned with a haughty spin of his heels, going to sprawl gracefully in an armchair by the wide windows, silently watching the sun rise in the horizon, as he had not enjoyed since his imprisonment.
“I didn’t want to anyways!” The man yelled and turned tail after Thor snarled menacingly in his direction.
Thor’s eyes widened as he gazed down in abject horror at the crude simile of himself, sprawled about the settee, muscular arms thrown haphazardly over his golden head and most importantly. The smallest, comical baby cock resting shyly between his meaty thighs.
Now, he really needed her help.
“We stand today as witness to his trial.” Odin spoke to the frozen public, his iron stare resting on his sons as he descended from the high ground to meet Loki eye to eye. Thor felt Steven’s unease and confusion mirroring his own as the All Father broke protocol, standing before them in silent contemplation before his stony features parted with a soft smile.
“Hey there, prince charming” Fury smiled, all teeth and bite “you ain’t married yet, do keep your hands to yourself.”
Thor grinned smugly as he pressed daringly closer to the flustered Captain, ignoring the Director’s scowl as he rubbed shoulders with his betrothed.
The next morning, he entered the common room with the papers in hand, to find a stranger in the room.
Mr. Tom needed him, as much as those people across the sea had needed him. And he had failed him too.
The flash of colors threatened to almost upend his empty stomach, when he arrived to Asgard he was wrenched with heaves, leaning heavily on the seer and trembling.
“I loved him, you see.” She finally confessed, to Thor’s own husband no less; for the first time since she had known it herself. And it stung when the Soldier did not show a smidge of surprise, because of course she is that transparent and weak. Sif scoffed and continued “Or I fancied myself in love, at least”
Silence fell again, thicker and more oppressing than before.
And there, reveling in camaraderie. Steve closed his eyes and prayed.
“How is little Natasha?” The Widow inquired, bending over and laying her hands on the belly with tenderness in startingly familiar gesture. The Woman answered with a grimace. “It’s Nathaniel”
The man guided the long line of politicians to the waiting jet, his gun at the ready and firing over the heads of the human soldiers and into the eye sockets of the Asgardians. When he had guided all the men and women into the tight fit of the jet, he threw the gun at Steve with a grunted: “Captain America”
“What are you doing?” Thor demanded; the Hammer crawled on undisturbed.
“My prince, is my lecture over?” Master Bragi asked, returning to his paper with not another glance in Thor’s direction.
Steve froze in his seat, carefully wiping his face of any expression as he rose from his chair and turned to his husband. Thor struggled for a second to clear his thoughts and then added in a self-depicting shrug: “I thought you had baked just the one”
After Tony had left the conference room where Steve stayed, maybe a bit less miserable thanks to Tony. Not that he was self-glorifying, but he did get a hug from America so, he was due to some gloating. He was just turning a corner, fighting to keep a stupid grin off his face when he ran into Fury, all tall, dark and deadly waiting in the middle of the empty hallway.
The old Master flushed and struggled to voice his thoughts on the Captain’s singing voice. “His voice is quite… pleasant yes, though the intonation and tune he employs are… well, quite provocative.”
Odin’s voice echoed like a palpable slap, murmurs ceased, and breaths were held, as all present tensed in the ready for another slight. Thor’s grip on Mjolnir tightened and adjusted as Odin reared himself to continue.
“Thank you.” Thor felt so overrun by his emotions, by the hope of a happy life with this man that he shot forward without even meaning to, hands up to cup the Captain’s angular jaw and pull the man forward, meeting together in a chaste, but heartful press of soft, velvety lips.
“Ronan the Accuser.”
Steven blinked at the smiling God, then wisely plopping a cherry in his mouth and chewing silently.
Volstagg blinked and gawked down at his hand, as did everyone else while the Captain pulled his hand away and pumped his fist in victory, blissfully unaware to the stunned state of his companions as he grinned up to his gaping husband.
What had been of good Mr. Tom? A seasoned bachelor and immigrant, his only connections to the world being Steve and the grocer’s shop.
Thor bit back a moan, his hands clenching on the Captain’s hips and throwing his head back, exposing the length of his neck for more of those brain-wrecking touches.
The Captain smiled shakily but listened quietly. Thor cleared his throat.
“I wish I could say the same”
“Sorry!” Steve hurried to pat at the mess, breathing in relieve when the maidens returned in a flock of silk skirts to remove the whole mess he’d made. The Queen shuffled inconspicuously in her chair, waving the maidens oblivious hands away when they attempted to clean her lap…
The All Father nodded approvingly: “Aye, justice requires deliberation and a clear mind. Until you draw a resolution, I bound Loki Odinson, God of Lies and Mischief to your will.”
“It’s ok, Thor”
“About Thor”
Thor recoiled in his seat at the harsh gaze directed at himself. “No, of course not!” He amended quickly “You are free to roam Asgard as you please” Steven relaxed minutely, though his eyes remained cold “I merely wish to know what pushed you to leave on your own”
The God of Lies set his book to the side on his bed, eyes flaming as he strode forth to stand before the God of Thunder.
. Jealous he was indeed, non to gently shoving aside chattering spectators and taking long strides towards the Captain, who stood tall and so, so very gorgeous Thor felt his eyes sting.
Peggy would cuff him over the head and tell him to step up to it, smile tender though her voice would be steel.
“Wait” A man laughed “We aren’t done yet, how and when will we be receiving our due? You can’t just walk out with the Captain and leave your word for it”
“The face of those men should not be forgotten; their families and the world should know they died as heroes” Steven had said.
“No, you can’t” Thor blurted immediately.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The Hulk…?” The Doctor probed incredulously as he glanced at the beautiful red head wearing her trademark blank expression.
Tony scrambled forward in a panic.
Tony nearly had an aneurism in his
The Captain followed the God’s finger down to his feet, where a small, coarse square of fuzzy mat in greens and blues shouted 'Welcome' to all who entered.
Now, dark clouds gathered ahead and Steve pushed back the feeling of being bereft.
Thanks so much to everyone who has reviewed, this chapter is to you guys and all your wonderful words! you really make all this worth the effort! Kudos!
Thor grinned winningly “I ask myself the very same, my friend”
“The United Nations demands that Asgard returns the War criminal Loki Odinson for trial, the Tesseract be delivered for safekeeping by this Council and pledge alliance to Earth, as well as a formal apology for the destruction and invasion of our planet”
Thor arched an impressed eyebrow as the Widow drowned a tankard of mead in a long gulp, dabbing delicately at the corner of her blood red lips primly after the feat. He joined the cheer of the surrounding men in her honor as the musicians began to play and the wrenches began to mingle. One of the prostitutes plopped herself confidently in Frandals lap, though her honey eyes rested firmly on the engaged pair with a meditative gleam.
“So, Steve, besides using a national treasure as a frisbee, what else do you plan to do today?”
“To save his life” Steve reminded him fervently, Thor closed his eyes in a pained flutter of long, damp lashes, a soft mewl escaping his lips as his hands twitched in the water between them. Steve hurried to clasp the appendages in his own
“Perhaps I should invite Steven to spar with us.” Thor suggested, an evil smirk gracing his face as his unsuspecting friends all nodded eagerly. Frandal especially.
And Thor all but tackled the laughing Captain onto the wet sand floor for more of those mind-numbing kisses.
“Thor” Steven gasped, a sound so sweet Thor could only repeat the motion, slotting both their swollen cocks together, so hot and hard despite the layers of clothing and moaning loudly as his husband gave a broken whimper.
It’ll take some time, but they had time. Thor closed his eyes and let himself dream.
Thor blinked owlishly for a moment before he remembered, siting up with a gleeful wince as he pulled at his own torn and bloodied shirt from where it stuck to his back, the fabric ripped in stripes as if claws had been swiped across it. Thor felt a hot flash of lust run down his spine and settle on his bruised, eager cock, only now noticing as well the uncomfortable tightness and itching from having slept in his spent soiled trousers.
Thanks again for all the love and I hope you enjoy this chapter, a lot of drama and some humour comes along.
Steve felt his friends listening, silently lulled by the soft croon of Steve’s voice as he recited the prayer, as if captivated by the words, huddling closer to the Captain’s body. He prayed for fortitude, for resignation, he pleaded for wisdom, and finally, he asked for his holy blessing of the future marriage.
(See the end of the chapter for
That night after a delicious meal by Steven’s hand, stews being one of the only things he swore by as most of his life before the ice had been spent boiling all his food. The soldier knew his way around condiments to disguise the most unsavory of ingredients.
The Captain did so without hesitation, and Thor placed it over his own on Mjolnir’s handle, breathing in deep and sending a questing brush of his soul through the instrument. It did not take long for him to perceive the connection. Thor shivered as he felt the stroke of the Captain’s spirit meld with his own.
She shook her head firmly, letting her messy locks of hair fall and conceal for a second her hurt. But when Thor took a hand to swipe it away, her face was cold and still as the frozen lakes of Jotunheim. Thor’s heart began to speed as he too sat up straight, hands cupping Jane’s slight face tenderly.
Steven pursed his lips, his head dipping and hands clasped on his narrow hips as their friends snickered childishly. “Anyways, Thor. Nat and I are just passing, we wanted to say our goodbyes before we go to DC”
Thor deliberately delayed in taking the Artifact from Steven, relishing the astounded looks of the remaining Guards and his Mother looking on to the cavalier way the Mortal Captain handled the jealous Mjolnir.
“Captain, an honor to finally make your acquaintance.” Volstagg smiled handsomely, releasing the Captain and stepping back for Hogun to come forth.
Jane had marked him like no other ever had, and likely never would. It would be different with Steven, and that was good, he needed different. But that tender, fragile part of his heart would likely never return to him.
“Surprise Motherfucka!”
“Steve” Sam chuckled, kind and soothing “You are a gorgeous man, I’ll give you that, but you’re no Helen of Troy. The man isn’t going to invade the Planet he spent a whole month swearing up and down to protect.” Sam reasoned “You have a choice Steve, you always do”
Thor raised an inquisitive eyebrow “Why? Did any of you manage to lift it?”
He then jumped into the fray, the point of the arrow as he pushed his way through the Asgardian forces and unto the Councils steps. The Asgardian soldiers fought him, but would not wound him, he noticed, and grit his teeth tight to stop himself from cursing. He used it to his advantage, using his body to shield the soldiers who followed him and advancing swiftly with the men in and out of the thick of the fight.
“I must part” Thor whispered hurriedly, scurrying to the open balcony with wide eyes “Good night Steven”
Thor’s huge head perked up like one of those Midgardian creatures, he would have waged his tail as well if he had one. “Impossible?”
Thanks again to everyone who reviewed the last chapters, you guys really motivate to keep on writing! lost of love!
