He had the same round face and chocolate eyes as Rosa, and Dean could tell they were siblings. He felt the picture of the old woman on the wall boring holes into his neck with her eyes and wondered if they were her children, or grandchildren.
“Let me,” Cas whispered, touching Dean’s open collar, parting it, fingers trailing down his chest, undoing the buttons, hands unfolding, fingers fanned as they pushed the cotton aside, mapped over his chest and up over his shoulders. Dean’s head rolled against the door, Cas’ lips at his neck, down to his collarbone.
Madame Olivia spoke, though her guests were in no state to understand; she spoke to the dimming of the day, to the sound of the river way out and beyond, to the strangeness hovering there with them all.
She snapped a dark handkerchief out from where it was tucked in the folds of her gown and dabbed at her eyes, annoyed when smudges of her makeup came off with the tears.
“We need a double,” Dean said, and she looked up at him through her lashes and then back down at the book she was recording them in.
“Your stories, the ones you heard growing up, then—they’re more like dialects. Amos Porter’s book is some kind of full language, some kind of complete system. If someone could find that, they’d be able to reason out everything, not just the bits and pieces,” Sam said, reasoning it out as always.
“Sugar Pie, you know making those eyes at that egg won’t make it cook any quicker,” he said, laughing, and she sighed, glancing over at the counter crammed with food.
Cas and Sam looked at him; he stared straight at Madame Olivia, throat working, as if he were keeping something back.
Cas looked down at Dean and saw that a kind of comfort had settled over his features. Something had eased. Something had lifted. A pleasure swelled in his chest and his heart fluttered again, picked up, sensing the change in Dean’s face, in the very atmosphere of his body.
“I'll have the Ma—” Dean said, before he realized that the boy Tomas was staring at him, and that Cas and Sam had assumed positions of unmoving confusion at the table with him. He looked between all of them and then back at Tomas.
"Good, good. You got a low look about you," he said sagely, the lines on his face crinkling in a pleasant way.
“I think I can learn,” he said, and Dean smiled crookedly at him, leading him along, bending his head to murmur “slow, slow, quick,” their feet shuffling in the packed dance floor. Castiel quickly gained confidence, pressing his weight against Dean as they moved. Dean raised his eyebrows in challenge and suddenly lifted his arm, Cas effortlessly transitioning and turning under it.
“Magic,” Olivia said, interjecting, having been watching the interactions with a too-pleased smile. “Plain old magic.”
But you found the bonds again. You remembered bone, and muscle—you remembered brotherhood, and glory, and you formed yourselves, and you were
A few crammed their hands into the machine, pulling out bottles and shoving them under their arms, but most of them ran immediately, loping down the street, looking back every few yards to see Castiel’s angry face glaring at them. The angel was livid, standing beside the whirring machine and shaking his head as they galloped away, shrieking and whooping.
Strange hunger and strange kids. The strange weight of Castiel's arm on his shoulders. What had she said about weight?
She stared at their hands and then slid her eyes up his chest to his face, considering it for a moment. He started to let go, but her killer grip clamped down and she smiled at him.
Slow like dancing. Slow like Sundays, like—like dancing, perpetual, graceful. Dancing in Galilee in the early morning, and Dean had loved him then, and he loved him now. Loved him, and it was all he knew for a moment—that big, deep, crazy love.
They walked until the noise of the festival became a distant hum, and the Ferris wheel was a twinkling specter without shape, just a mass of spinning lights in the night. A ladder had been left propped against a trunk, and Cas climbed up the first few rungs, reaching up into the leaves to find an un-plucked peach.
“Stop,” he repeated, quietly. Dean’s mouth fell shut, but his eyes moved over Cas’ face and drifted down to where his shirt hung loosely off of his chest.
He picked up an edge of the cloth, staring at it. The scalloped lace was so intricate he swore there were pictures in it; pinwheels of lace and fine thread all connected together. Above that, painstakingly embroidered, was a border at least five inches wide, the soft muted colors accented by deep rich tones, all converging into one massive mural expressed around the ivory cloth.
His mind was a jumble, and he knew it. Cas had insisted they'd work things through that night but he didn't see how they could. Only this morning the entire case—if it even
Cas brought himself as close as their clothes would allow, trying to regain his senses. Something to focus on other than Dean, Dean’s arms and Dean’s hands, his mouth, the slight pressure across their pelvises.
“Whatever,” Dean continued, waving his free hand. “It’s bad news to get all hung up on her, and he knows it. Nobody will walk out of it not getting hurt.”
“Probably at home or at the store.” She hopped down from her stool and stared at them all, un-amused by all the questions. “Now, pardon me, but
It was real scary at first. I didn’t like it – but then I realized how important it was. How important
His heart was hammering in his chest and he was so intent on the figure of Castiel walking straight into the current—
Something hot—a tear—slipped from the corner of his eye and drifted back into his hairline, against his skull.
. “She couldn’t get away. She’s got to work and so she couldn’t come. But she sends her best wishes and she’s really excited about you two and everything…so…”
Cas – in all his facets, humble and holy, big and small. Gestures, gentleness, aggressive and confident, the timidity of his smile, the curious color of his eyes—stuck somewhere between cornflower and wide sky, or maybe even forget-me-nots or delftware pottery—Dean could never decide for certain. The features of his words, so calculated and precise beside the trip of his own tongue, every sentence cased with crystals; the geometry of his name, like amethyst, consonants perfectly square, solid and real and entire.
Dean was clambering off of him and Cas was too lust-blown to see what he was doing, too frustrated at the loss of his hand and his cock and his body to care, and then Dean was there again, something in his hand, couldn't see, didn't care. Dean rocketed back into his mouth and they weren't kissing anymore—they were biting, tasting, almost devouring, Dean's lip still bleeding against Cas' teeth, and then something cool and slick there on Dean's hand, stroking over them both again, and then Dean was reaching further between them and Cas felt his fingers in the dark close place between his legs pushing and pressing and slipping in and he cried out, dragged his fingernails down Dean's chest in wanton reaction, leaving long lines of stark red against his skin, Dean's fingers inside him,
By the time Dean came back with coffee, steaming in the cool sunrise rain, Cas had dried his eyes and brightened considerably, and Sam's general demeanor had shifted from shocked to sympathetic. Walking into the room the second time was much more comforting than it had been earlier that morning.
And she was, on closer examination, one of the most beautiful girls Dean had ever come across. Her nose was slightly crooked, but her smile was brilliant; she was a wreck, sallow-skinned and gaunt, too-big teeth, small ears, a clavicle that looked like it could slice butter—but she was beautiful. It was her demeanor, the happiness in every angle of her body. It made her gorgeous.
“They’re stealing,” Cas said with mild horror, shoving forward before Dean could put out a hand to stop him. It was only soda, after all.
They walked in silence, not really going anywhere, until Lily perked up at the sound of music bleeding through the wall of a tent they passed. She stopped, and forced Sam to back track with her so they could look inside.
“No son ellos!” she said loudly, and the younger boy shrank back, stumbling through the swinging door. She rushed after him, still going on. For one moment, it was silent, and then Tomas let out a sob followed by a harsh shushing sound and Rosa’s milky voice soothing him for a moment.
Dean pulled into the loose packed drive without being prompted. They could see around the back of the house, and a long calico dress hung on the line fluttered in a warm breeze, and the flowers of the expansive garden beyond shivered.
Cas tangled his hands together in his lap and tried to settle in. He glanced at Dean, the long line of his body, the fold of his arms over his chest and his Adam's apple working in his throat. He wanted very much to lean against him, rest his head on his shoulder, maybe, but he knew Dean would shrug him off even though Sam wasn't there. It frustrated him, being this
“Here,” Dean said gruffly, pushing a press pass at Cas and clipping his own to the pocket of his shirt, Sam doing the same. Satisfied with themselves, they migrated down the rows of cars, the sounds of the festival growing closer and closer.
“At least come out of the road,” Cas said, interrupting Dean's tirade. Dean stopped pacing and stood there over the yellow lines, shaking his head, clenching his jaw. He looked fit to burst. “And we'll find a place to spend the night and figure this out.”
. I think we can take her.” Sam popped the passenger door and unfolded himself on the gravel outside.
Carefully David took a drink and fixed them with his gaze. “Bobby tell y'all anythin' about this case?”
“Well,” the old woman told them over their final breakfast in her home, “I reckon you won't be finding too many more miracles in that binder you've got.”
“Is it dangerous?” Cas asked, a little breathless—or winded, perhaps. “All of this, the things leading us down the river. This—religion. Is it bad?”
“A mighty fine wedding,” Nate finished, and then he laughed, suddenly, the sound booming around the kitchen, a giant, joyful sound. “A mighty fine wedding, and we’re all just guests!”
And so they loaded into the Sheriff’s pick-up, the three of them lounging like teenagers in the bed among four-by-fours and coffee cans of screws and stacks of shingles. They bumped along the road up into the hills, cowboy music spilling out of the cab. Their outer layers were heaped by a rusted tool box, and the wind fluttered the edge of Cas’ shirt, making it ripple over his back as he leaned on the side of the truck, watching the meadowland and trees scroll by, the sprays of yellow and white wildflowers nodding as they passed.
He opened the door to a tiny foyer, enclosed, and one more door separating him from the main shop. A bell hung over it, and above the door in careful hand painted letters was the phrase:
“Oh, she’s fine.” The sheriff smiled, reaching out his long arm to touch hers. She wrung her apron nervously and shifted. “A tough girl, that’s our Peg.” She lifted her rosy face to her husband’s and stared at him intently before drifting inside, into the shadows. The sheriff’s face drooped as soon as she’d left, swinging his gaze back to the three men before him.
They did what was promised, even going so far as to put a pot of coffee on, and then they filed back into the dining room, re-seating themselves at the empty table. They did not hear the hum of Helena's chair this time, but instead a soft, staggered footfall as she came slowly in, carrying a bundle in her arms.
“Someone popped him loose long enough to collect that Hymnal from me,” Corinthian said, all at once entirely serious, any air of sarcasm gone. “Minutes at most. But it was definitely him. Something about that book was important.”
“That said—” David twisted to look at the others, standing helplessly behind the chair he'd settled into. “I don't think we need four people crowdin' your space, ma'am. D'you mind if my colleagues take a look around your place? For routine purposes, of course.”
. They were stepping, turning, swinging and spinning, boots stomping on the wood, wide grins, hands slipping and meeting lightly and quickly, as if they'd been doing this all their lives.
, Dean” he said lightly, and Dean rolled his eyes back to the road. Sam sighed in the long pause that followed.
He sat down next to Dean as Yann came bustling in with a casserole dish in his hands, held tight between two oven mitts, and set it down in the middle of the table. Steam pillowed from the top, Yann waving it out of his face while he arranged the glass pan on the trivet.
Which was, in fact, the case, on almost all counts; in the moment he would have chosen, there was a kind of silence. The muted percussion of whatever cassette Dean had in the system, and the gentle hum of the road, and the vague double-time of Castiel tapping his fingers in rhythm on the passenger door.
“There is more,” Kami said resolutely, reaching into the folds of his robes to withdraw a few strings of white hemp.
Castiel wanted to hit something, and he wanted to hit it hard. He wanted it to hurt as bad as he did, to absorb every ounce of the defeat he felt.
“That's just routine, ma'am,” David said smoothly. “We don't make the rules, we just follow 'em, and all that.”
He chanced a glance and was surprised to see that Cas' eyes weren't the furious hellfires of earlier but something far more resigned. Ashamed.
“Children better get to bed. Early to rise tomorrow, you hear me? None of that dallying all moony for each other, you lazy boys. I’ll come snatch that mashwarohn right from under your covers and make him fine for you,” she tittered, knocking her elbow into Cas’.
Sam drove Yann home that night after the boy gave them his number. “Just in case,” he'd said. “The full moon's in a few nights. Give me a call when it's out, yeah? And if I don't answer, assume we were wrong.”
They were forced out of the motel before noon the next day; by some gravity they ended up back at the diner. Dean frowned into his coffee, unsure if his headache was from too much caffeine or not enough.
Dean chanced a sideways glance at the angel—the former angel, now, he supposed—to see him looking out the window, watching the clapboard houses and low clouds whisk by. Watching a couple walking their dog on the pale pavement, a kid riding her tricycle around a corner. His chin was in his hand, and Dean thought he looked very sad, now that he wasn't all sharp-faced with glaring at him, and he felt a little twinge in his chest.
Dean reached over and tipped more of the bottle of leftover warm wine into the glass beside them, taking a long sip and offering it back to Cas. He held the cup for him, Cas’ fingers holding his wrists, and when he was finished he smiled at Dean over the edge and gently guided it towards the counter. Dean’s hands suddenly were busy stroking his face.
“Not—not you. Not you in particular. But I knew you guys existed, you hunters. And I always did my best to stay away from you, from them. From everybody. I don't want to
“I told Kathleen the doves sing so pretty this year,” Sugar whispered. “Just makes you want to cry.”
Cas was almost up to his chest now, arms held out, and Dean remembered with a jolt of terror that the stupid bastard couldn't even swim.
He flipped past this title page and scanned the flowery script. Miraculously, much of it was readable despite the heavy water damage on the front.
"I don't know," Sam sighed, rubbing his eyes. "But I need some coffee if I'm gonna try and figure it out. Still doesn't help us figure out who her next victim might be, either...long-term relationships, might as well put eighty percent of the town on notice."
Yann sat awkwardly there against the dark glass and the beige drapes, watching them go about their business warily. After a thousand anxious looks from him, Dean had agreed to lock all the firearms in the car, and had promised at least twice not to try and kill Yann in his sleep. Sam had gone in to take a shower; now Dean sat on the far bed with Cas; one jean leg was rolled up past the angel's knee, and he was examining the swollen torn muscle of his knee.
"Why don't you just hire a contractor?" Sam asked, taking in the hive of individuals working diligently on all surfaces of the building.
“Where are you headed next?” Nate asked the brothers, standing on the near edge of departure in the sitting room. “Way I see it, if you're here for things like birds and floods, you must be chasing it down the river.”
Sam glanced at Cas, whose fists were clenched, his expression a mixture of hurt and upset and just plain furious, and he gently touched his shoulder.
“Because it’s not about me,” he said, hurried, before Dean could say anything else. Yann glanced up, the dark circles under his eyes prominent in the swinging light above the table. “If it were about me I wouldn’t have let myself live this long,” he continued, his voice even, grounded in the statement. “I would have killed myself long before now if I didn’t have to take care of my mom.”
He swallowed, and gently reached across the miniscule yet infinitesimal space between them to touch Castiel's thigh; but Cas scowled at his touch and shifted away from beneath Dean's hand.
He turned his face back to the television as Cas came around the partition again, left knee still bound in his bandage. Another night sleeping with Dean, they'd decided, and so he sat down on the bed next to him and lifted his leg up onto the comforter. It was no secret he preferred sleeping in Dean's bed—he claimed it was because Sam thrashed, and Dean didn't, but they both knew in the backs of their brains that wasn't quite the whole truth.
They saw all this in the yellow light of a teetering lamp on one of the nightstands – Castiel had fought with the switch, the pin jammed; he had to press his thumb down hard and the bulb flickered to life, stuttering momentarily. The golden light spilled over the bureau and the towering walnut armoire, casting over the tan carpet and the sheets with little mauve flowers on them. They stacked their clothes in messy rectangles on one of the chairs and Cas pulled the quilt down and slid into the bed, the frame squeaking in surprise at his weight.
“Must be a big wedding coming up,” Cas said, an attempt to joke, but Sugar stilled and her shoulders relaxed.
Sam sighed, and lingered awkwardly in place as Cas and Dean started walking again. He scowled a little at the kissing couple under the boughs before he made up his mind and went after his brother and the angel again.
“Dreams.” She shrugged. “Strange dreams. Like movies. Sometimes I’m ahead of y'all, I think – I didn’t realize you'd stayed at Mattie’s so long. Wasn’t expecting Sugar to invite you in either, but she did. She’s such a sweetheart. I’d like to go see her sometime, have a nice round chat with her.”
met – her family owns an orchard. It was gifted to them and for years, like fifty years, they slaved away over it, and then it just took root and now they have the biggest harvest in the country. She said the same thing. She said that the hard work, the way they learned to work the land before it finally paid off, taught them how to take care of it once it did.”
Dean shifted, moved down between his legs and pushed them open, kissed the insides of his thighs, mouthed at the sharp lines of his hips.
Dean stepped up onto the bank, unable to hold himself back any longer, and he took those few steps towards him—Castiel, holding his unlit lantern, face wet with tears and smile so joyous it nearly knocked Dean breathless.
“Okay, so say she found out,” Dean said, leaning against the counter. “They're fighting about this chick, Ryan gets pissed, storms out...Megan follows him...I mean, the river's right over there, it isn't far. He crosses Sandra Eadie's ghost, she zeroes in on him, lures him out somehow. Boom, drowns him.” He shrugged, stuffing his hands in his pockets again. “And Megan sees a little of her. Probably thinks she's seeing things.”
“Listen, child,” she said, to Sam, and he lifted his head in attention. “I am telling you that it's very simple. Your souls are very old—older than angels, even, though one of you was angel for a terribly long time.
She laughed lightly, all traces of her earlier embarrassment gone. Her easy demeanor made the whole shop seem cozier, the very walls standing up a little more in her presence.
Sam looked pointedly into his notebook. He didn't want to think about her. Knowing that they'd probably be taking off tomorrow just made his chest ache. “I don't know,” he said. “Maybe. But she clearly didn't want to talk about it.”
“We sure are, Sugar Pie.” Nate bent into his bow, a saccharine sound following, flowing out of his instrument.
Cas was having a second go at a funnel cake, Sam saw, and not choking this time; both he and Dean had a sort of easiness to their stances that Sam couldn't quite place. Then again, he was distracted.
Through the wide window of her halter top they could see the huge nebulous tattoo stretching over her shoulders and extending down, past her shirt, presumably all the way down her back. A night sky, it seemed, so rich and textured with indigos and purples and greens, golden flecks of starlight and silver-white moons, that it was almost hard to believe that it rested on her skin at all. One star—one star in particular—rested over the knob of spine where her vertebrae met her neck; its four points stretched out, enveloping, like arms embracing the universe below them. The top of it vanished up into her hairline, as if piercing the base of her skull.
“So,” Sam began, as they rounded the corner together. Sure enough, there was the orchard; the festival had indeed been positioned at the back of the property, butted up along the white-washed fence that bordered the groves, long lines of trees extending a few acres back, a tall white farmhouse rising up over the tree tops. Far off, in the next pasture, Sam could see the black and white splotches of dairy cows and a little group of horses, and beyond that, wide meadow.
Sam thanked him, nodding and following the caterpillar of traffic as it wound its way down the exit ramp. The green government signs up ahead at a small intersection showed an arrow pointing east, towards a place called Elsbrook.
"Trust me, son," Earl said, laughing. "You know when a house is right. Don't need the state to tell you that."
“This is what I'm talking about,” Dean said. He didn't look at Cas—he spoke to the advertisement under the gentle distant clatter of cutlery in the kitchen. “Something big and solid we can sink our teeth into, y'know? This is good.” He pulled at his mouth and his legs kept jittering under Cas' touch. “Maybe it'll finally tell us if this whole shebang is another Apocalypse or just some big cosmic prank.”
Cas nodded slightly to her. He was looking at her in the way he looked at everyone—with wide eyes and for too long at a time—and she fidgeted, turning her attention to Sam.
“It is nothing.” Kami-sama waved it away, slipping his hands back into his sleeves, nearly a nervous habit.
“Well, let’s do it then,” Dean said, reaching over to straighten Cas’ press badge before striding forward. Sam looked at Cas and Cas caught his eye, both of them stepping at the same time to follow Dean.
“He’s already quite fine,” he murmured, and only Dean really heard him, a light flush scattering over his face.
Cas shrugged. “Better than driving for hours in a random direction. Maybe this Mathilda woman can tell us where to go next. And we can relax a while.”
“You didn’t,” Castiel accused. He had his arms around his son, as if he could shield him from this moment. It was only a matter of time before someone outside connected the dots and put Captain Speed on their street. That meant it was only a matter of time that Abaddon came here. To their
Gabriel had worked hard to get to where he was, starting off with writing articles online, then the newspaper. Eventually he got himself his own show and made it his mission to keep The Seraph’s name off any enemy’s radar. Gabriel also tried to make Supers look more human by showing their failures and flaws, criticizing their choices, and praising their successes. His approach wasn’t always tactful but it was something.
“I’m going to take Jack up for a nap,” Castiel announced then, scooping up Jack as he stood. The Super looked awkward as he added, “It’s nice to meet you as well Dean—officially that is,” before promptly leaving the room with a groggy baby on his hip.
“Thank you, Cas,” Sam said, and turned to Dean with a smug expression he’d definitely seen on Gabriel before, whenever he was trying to tick off Luca. Dean met this with a roll of his eyes, and both men walked towards Castiel. Sam tipped his head at Castiel. “Actually, Cas, if you don’t mind, I need to speak to Dean privately.”
It was then, over the squeal of glass popping and alarms ringing that he heard what sounded like someone yelling for help. He pushed forward, flying at top speed toward the sound.
There was no time for Dean to think too deeply into that realization because he’d already arrived at his destination.
Dean cleared his schedule, and made sure Castiel experienced proper, good homemade food. He made his special burgers, and fried up some onion rings and thick-cut fries. He made a small salad as well with his own vinaigrette, and made an apple pie that would make his mom proud. He even broke the ice cream maker out of the cupboard and made his own vanilla ice cream.
He knew he had to track Cas down and help with Abaddon but he realized just then how hard it was to leave Jack behind, not knowing if he’d be able to make it back to him.
“You wanted me to leave with you, right? We might as well, now. I've lost my dealer, I doubt that that kid will shut up about the guy using the Force in his dorm.” Castiel shrugged. “Have to leave sometime.”
“Nothing’s wrong,” Dean said quickly. “I just thought you’d be back almost an hour ago. I was watching the news to make sure everything was handled and then I saw you take off and just thought you’d be back already.”
Castiel’s own parents were powerful, he’d never deny that, but Kairos’ abilities had been the reason she’d been able to take on Azazel, a man who could call fire from the tips of his fingers and burn anything in his wake. Azazel had torn through city after city for years, murdering the few Supers who dared take him on. He had been too strong and too dangerous for most to want to even try but then Kairos had taken on the challenge. Castiel remembers sitting before his television and watching the news, glued to the updates for each battle the two took part in. Then one day, Azazel was gone. Only grainy videos were to show of the fight that ended his life but reports said that it had been close, Kairos had been close to her end when in a surge of power she froze time long enough to place Azazel in the path of his own flames.
Mary hummed, and looked at Gabriel. “Master Aeng’l, my husband says you are a good man and one of the few people he trusts. Our home is yours and your padawan’s. If you have any questions for me or my staff, feel free to ask them. Bobby and his team will assist you with whatever you need.”
“I know,” the Super said, cutting him off. “I spoke with Jody. She told me you didn’t know where she was sending you. So I believe I do owe you an apology for knocking you unconscious. I’m sure you can understand I don’t particularly enjoy having unexpected guests.”
He’d been fighting an enemy who called himself The Leviathan, who sported a sickly mutation of retractable razor sharp teeth and the ability to unhinge his jaw. The creature-like Super had been mutilating animals and, on rare occasions, humans who tried to get in his way. Castiel had set out to stop him before he reached their city once he’d learned what this thing could do.
“Goodbye Lyn, and may the Force be with you.” Castiel’s master bowed to the Twi’lek, and stepped off the ramp. The Twi’lek only had one last chance to wave goodbye as the transport raised its ramp and took off.
“Your dad is kind of a slow-poke, did you know that?” Dean asked the baby, knowing he wasn’t going to get a response. Jack looked at him with confusion.
He gasped awake when he felt the solid weight on his chest lift, fearing he had dropped the baby, but he was instantly put at ease when Castiel whispered to him.
“I’ve been bested my fair share of times,” Casitel supplied. He wasn’t sure if Dean was embarrassed by the fact that Abaddon had injured him, but Castiel wanted the other Super to know that he wasn’t one to judge. “I know how one small error in judgement can lead to injury.”
Jack was clingier to his dad than he was the previous night, wanting to be held more than he wanted to play but Cas didn’t seem to mind, holding his son while he read and as he moved about the kitchen heating up leftovers for them all.
This world was fascinating and amazing. They have different technology which made their life easier, these contraptions  that work through electricity and science. Castiel was still convinced that it wasn’t anything different from alchemy and magic, but maybe it was just because that was what he was used to.
“Sex is nothing to be ashamed of, Dean, nor is masturbation,” Castiel said. “It’s a very natural thing to do. Private, perhaps, but still natural. Fascinating contraption your people have came up with, really.”
Castiel frowned upon eavesdropping, definitely, but he couldn’t help himself, knowing that the two brothers were talking about him. He crept behind the wall, behind the entry way that divides the kitchen and the living room.
With a happy squeal Jack quickly crawled to the corner of the room where a wooden toy chest sat open. It appeared that the sight of toys was enough to distract the baby, which presumably his father already knew.
“It's hunky-dory, and no, you're drinking out of a bottle of Corellian rum, there are traces of spice everywhere in your hut, and I just saw you jabbing your tongue into a twi'lek and bothan's throat a few hours ago!”
“...actually miss taking care of someone just like our dad? Come on Dean, I thought you were smarter than this!”
“I don’t think–” Dean’s phone interrupted Cas’s words, and usually he’d ignore a phone call in the middle of a discussion like this but the ringtone alone drew his attention away from his boyfriend. His back went rigid.
“I was there with Commander Bree. He was one that - that clone trooper, remember, the one I…” Castiel licked his lips, and forced himself to continue. “Used to trust. We were there on a diplomatic mission, to try and recruit the planet to side with the Republic, but ran into a group of droids with a Confederacy officer. They might have been on a mission like mine, I don't know, but they opened fire on my regiment and I. I was in the middle of battle, in the midst of destroying one of their AATs.
The droid beeped and whistled back, and Dean laughed. "I know bud, but you were injured. I couldn't have my favorite droid die in the line of duty!"
“Of course,” the Super responded, setting his book down and giving Dean his full attention. Dean suddenly felt like an idiot and wondered if this was an okay question to even ask.
A loud crack of thunder shook the house, startling both Dean and Castiel out of their sleep. It had been raining nearly non stop the past few weeks and that night’s thunderstorm was meant to be the worst of it.
“Captain Speed is in my living room,” he explained quickly, trying to keep his voice at a whisper. He could almost feel his brother tense up from the other side of the phone.
“What?” He whispered into the darkness. Dean didn’t answer for a moment and Castiel wondered if his friend wasn’t going to elaborate.
So with some mild trepidation, Castiel lured The Leviathan towards the center of the city where Dean was fighting.
The Force cradled him safely, and all was quiet. Castiel basked in the peace and calm, letting it soothe his distress. The signatures of the people around him washed away in waves as he meditated.  It refreshed him, and settled his thoughts until he felt it again. Something dark loomed at the edges, started shrieking, approached quickly, and threatened to show him a glimpse of the past -
“What?” Castiel didn’t like the way his heart clenched. He turned to Dean, who was holding a toy firetruck but not making eye contact with Castiel.
“Wait, what? You’re serious?” Dean asked incredulously. Castiel wanted to shrug off Dean’s inquiry but figured the other man was the type to push the matter.
Just then, Castiel entered the room with KAZ and Gabriel in tow. Dean’s jaw just about dropped off his face as he saw how Castiel cleaned up in the Larkan state colors. He looked sharp in one of Dean’s brown formal leather jackets, and a green tunic underneath. Dean licked his lips, and found himself gravitating towards the other man. He did not know that seeing Castiel in his clothes would still have this effect on him, and Dean found that he wanted to assist Castiel in ripping his pretty clothes off.
“But then there will be more people like me,” she replied in a placating way, as if she was talking to a child. “Why not the devil who wants to work with you, rather than someone you don’t know?” Rowena smiled slowly, as if she knew something that Dean didn’t. She gestured at the door, which Dean took as a dismissal. Before he and Gabriel left the room, he heard her parting words. “At least think about it.”
He couldn't just do nothing. Even if he wound up hurting his ankle more, he had to at least try, right?
It was then that Dean spoke to Castiel for the first time, thanking him for the help and asking if he was interested in going back to the police department and possibly getting to know each other over a beer. The casual invitation and the way Captain Speed had seemed genuinely interested in befriending him almost had Castiel agreeing but then the media had arrived and news reporters swarmed them both asking for interviews and photographs.
he often loudly complained to his brother when yet another newscaster would poke fun at the name. A complaint in which he’d hear
Dean sighed, and leaned back, dropping his half-finished burger on the plate. “I met a man,” Dean replied, deadpan, and Charlie clapped her hands once.
Having a power that actually made someone a Super was much rarer. To be classified a Super, certain criteria had to be met. Supers always had enhanced strength in comparison to their peers and a power that manifested by puberty, at the latest. Most abilities from Supers were large-scale and could impact others in certain ways be it physically or mentally. Like Dean’s mom, other large-scale abilities involved manipulating things (like time) that impacted many people at once.
Castiel turned until he was on his side now too, just able to make out Dean’s silhouette in the darkness. “I think you’re pretty great, and my son adores you. And anyone Jack likes automatically is someone I like too.”
He remembered when he first saw how the vacuum worked. The loud noise had startled him, until he realized the genius and worth of being able to simply suck in all of the dirt instead of using an old-fashioned broom and batting the dust around.
Dread pooled in his stomach thinking about how many innocent lives were at stake inside that building, waiting for him to save the day.
nice to have this change. To have someone to come home to, to have someone help him around the house and with Jack. He liked how things were going for them despite his better judgement. Maybe it was stupid of him and Gabriel would probably have his head for it but Castiel couldn’t help the fact that he wanted Dean to stay. So he somehow forced himself to be bold enough to say it.
“The women next door,” Castiel explained. “She thinks I’m a doctor. I tell her I get called in for emergency surgeries.”
They shared a look. Local authorities loved Supers’ help, so long as it was on their terms. Despite having government agreements, there were clear lines of allowances and prohibances that the Supers had to follow. As a general rule of thumb if someone with super abilities decided to cause destruction, The Seraph or Captain Speed were given full reign on handling the situation. If only civilians were involved, authorities only wanted their people to handle it. The PD didn’t take kindly to being overshadowed, and depending on the circumstances, could cause a government agreement to be nullified. It was rare that Castiel chose to step in without being explicitly asked to.
Dean’s hand was already steadily on Jack’s back, making sure the baby wouldn’t teeter over and fall so Cas went ahead and put his hand right on top of Dean’s, just because he could. They shared a small smile over Jack’s head but were interrupted by Jack screaming, “Hi doggy! Hi doggy! Woof! Woof!”
“Shh, it’s okay. Come here, buddy.”  It took some coaxing but eventually Jack made his way towards Dean, crying for his dad with pitiful cries and Dean tried his best to soothe. He patted the baby’s back and tried to make calming sounds but he knew Jack probably just needed to tucker himself out.
He and Cas were far from being the only two Supers, there were more powerful, more notable ones scattered around the country and even more in other parts of the world.
“No.” Castiel said, raised his hand, and yanked the kid back into the room using the Force before he could take another step. “Where are the students who stayed here? Krischa and Klare?” He waved another hand which closed the door.
“Son of a bitch.” Dean expelled all his breath before rising up on his elbows to look across the room, seeing Cas standing there, looking at Dean like he was an entire feast. In a few strides Cas was between Dean’s legs unbuttoning his pants and sweeping them off in one motion. Dean sat up enough to get his hands on Cas’s waistband, helping his boyfriend step out of his own pants quickly.
In a millisecond his fist connected with Abaddon’s body. The glint in her eye and she began to fight back told Dean that he’d walked directly into her plan.
He’d been staying with them for about a month now and he wasn’t sure of a time where he’d ever felt more at home. A month in the grand scheme of things wasn’t a long time but in the days he’d gotten to spend with Jack, the nights he stayed up talking with Cas, he felt like he knew these two. It felt like he was always meant to know them.
“Not far. We’re pressed for time-we're lifting a speeder, come on.” Dean pulled Castiel along, and they weaved through the street until they found a speeder port that looked promising. Dean shoved Castiel at an older model, and Castiel hopped in.
It was strange seeing the other man in sweats and an oversized sweatshirt. The only time Dean had even seen the other Super without his mask on had been after the handful of times they were forced to work side-by-side in a fight. The two of them weren’t necessarily on friendly terms, but Dean certainly didn’t hate him. Hell, Dean didn’t even know his name.
A loud crash shook the ground and Castiel turned to look at Dean. He saw Dean’s fears flash through his boyfriend’s mind as their eyes locked. He saw Dean’s imagination draw up he and Jack in Abaddon’s path, Dean unable to get to them. He saw himself injured, perhaps dead, and Jack screaming for one of them.
Kairos was one of the Supers even Castiel had grown up admiring. She was strong, kind, and single handedly took out one of the worst Supers around. Kairos was known for her ability to warp time, to bend it to her will, slowing down someone’s movements, speeding up a punch, freezing a moment as she moved around to gain the upperhand in a fight.
Castiel understood where his friend was coming from. It’s how he felt when he’d yearned for a family of his own. His life had always been one thing, being part of a Super family. And when he decided to follow in his parents footsteps, he had to accept that his life would no longer be normal. It seemed Dean had stepped so fully into his role of protecting the citizens of their city that he hadn’t allowed himself to have any normalcy. Castiel understood the desire, he did.
“With our lives, it’s hard to have normal,” Castiel said in understanding, “at least not fully. We can have parts of it but if we had fully normal lives that would mean ignoring our powers. You’re not normal. Neither of us are.”
Looking back, Castiel wasn’t even sure where Dean was able to get the paperwork that he presented to Nora. But once he expressed that he wanted to work so that he could help Dean with the expenses, Dean had procured some papers for him to present. Castiel was simply grateful for them and did not ask any questions.
Dean’s jaw dropped a little hearing those words. Did Cas really just say that? He didn’t even have time to process it before Castiel was handing him the phone again.
Castiel pulled Jack quickly away from the window and, with a thought, slammed all their shutters closed. This couldn't be happening. No, no, no.
He could hear his brother’s voice in his ear screaming at him to do something. Castiel didn’t know if he would make it out the other side of this fight but Dean was still on his feet which meant there was still hope. Castiel had to do everything in his power to make sure Dean would be okay… that Jack would be okay.
She was probably Dean’s best kept secret being that she and his brother called it quits over a decade ago after a three year engagement. Dean had always thought of her as a sister, even after she and Sam no longer spoke to one another. It might’ve been strange that Dean still kept in contact with her but she’d been one of the people who knew his identity as Captain Speed and with her own minor healing abilities that helped out from time to time, she’d told Dean he could always count on her place being a hide out when he needed one.
He stepped back, and made his way back to the seat where Dean left him. There was a slight itch, beneath his need for substances, for Castiel to explain himself. The part of him that craved Dean’s understanding wanted desperately to say something.
“I know,” Dean responded with a chuckle. His hands found the lapel of Castiel’s jacket and pulled Castiel back in for another quick make-out session. Castiel’s hand was splayed at the small of Dean’s back, and crowded him into the wall. The door slid open when they hit a button, and they stumbled unceremoniously onto the floor.
“Come here,” he cooed, reaching his arms out towards Jack. Jack only hesitated for a moment, glancing towards where Castiel had just left but then decided to crawl over towards Dean, allowing himself to be picked up and pulled onto the couch. “Look at all these toys you brought me. Do you want to play?”
"Did Dad damage me that much that I’m falling in love with someone who thinks he is a prince from another realm and I just think ‘Hey, this is probably okay?’”
Though he figured Dean didn’t mean it to be a loaded question, Castiel processed it as such. He just left a stranger to care for his son as he went out to save the life of two children. The fact that he’d almost considered leaving the girls’ safety to the fire department’s care in order to stay with his son made him feel guilty. But that wasn’t something Dean needed to hear.
“I’ve put so much of my life to the side to protect the cities I’ve lived in,” Cas continued, “but I chose to be selfish for this one thing. My family tried to talk me out of it but I wanted it too badly. I’ve been careful my whole life to not let my identity slip, to ensure that no one could trace The Seraph back to anyone I love so I knew I could protect a child in the same way. I knew my family would do anything to protect their own as well.”
“Uh, sorry I didn’t take him out of his crib,” Dean said shyly. “It was a bitch to get up the stairs and I didn’t want to risk dropping him.”
Dean Winchester lost a great deal when the Republic collapsed. He watched his fierce, independent planet be forced to submit to the new regime, and the love of his life disappeared during the Jedi Massacre. Now, he travels the galaxy, hunting rumors of Force sensitives so he can help them hide from the Empire, and to try and find the one he lost.
Like any Super, he had multiple places around the city he could use to hide out. He tried to switch up where he stayed every month too, just to be safe. Currently he was living above a closed down radio store. His good friend Benny Laffit was acting as lookout for him right now since Dean’s best friend Charlie Bradbury was on a much needed extended vacation.
Castiel shrugged, and laid down. "Like they say on your planet I'm 'peachy-dory'. Don't need you, don't need your help, as I'm sure you can tell."
“It’s the first time a hallucination ever touched me before,” Castiel responded. He glanced somewhere at the table, and Dean followed his gaze. There was a line of pale brown-red dust on the table. “Must have been a bad batch.”
All Dean needed to do was get home so he and Benny could decide where to hide out next until Abaddon lost interest.
Dean’s words seemed to make Cas sad and he wondered if he should’ve lied and told the other man that Jack had gone down easy. But Castiel seemed to understand what Dean was thinking.
“I needed to pee but you were taking too damn long to come down so I decided to try and find the bathroom myself,” Dean spit back without too much heat. Castiel could tell the other man seemed embarrassed to be caught sprawled out on the floor.
Little does he know that the Force has plans for him - he's on a collision course with his past, present, and future, whether he's ready for it or not. (Explicit only at the very last chapter)
Heels clicked on the tile floor, and Dean looked up to see a woman walking towards him. Her hips swayed sensually from side to side, her grey, supposedly-severe-looking uniform cut into something that accentuated her waist and her chest. Her fiery red hair was tied into a bun and tucked into her uniform's cap. Her lips were blood red and curled into a slight smile, showing just a bit of teeth, like she was displaying fangs.
Castiel’s voice matched Dean’s in harshness, it was clear the Super was frustrated. “Have you ever watched a baby? Like really watched one, aside from yesterday?”
Charlie sighed. "Much as I like to disagree, you're right. We temporarily reassigned him to Bobby while you were gone, and Bobby was so close to having him disassembled. He kept on doing what he thought is 'right' instead of doing what he's told," Charlie said. "Did you have his independence tweaked or something?"
It seemed like the two of them kept being thrown into each other’s paths when things went to complete shit and it left Castiel wondering if it was a sign that the two of them were only ever capable of bringing destruction into each other’s lives.
Already the sight of that baby’s smile warmed Dean to the core. He didn’t know something so small could be so completely adorable.
He almost collapsed in relief realizing there was no threat, that the sound he’d heard had just been Dean losing his balance.
“You said your brother doesn’t have a power?” He asked Castiel, remembering their conversation from the night before. It wasn’t really any of Dean’s business but it would be interesting to know if Castiel had any Super-abled siblings. It was a rare occurrence, Dean only knew of a pair of Super twins who seemed to both have powers because they were identical. Two Super kids in one family would be a shock. But Castiel confirmed what Dean suspected.
Dean exhaled. “Well, then I better find Jody, Donna, and Alex, and figure out a way to get rid of these guys, and fast.”
That part was the hardest. Having to carry the burden of knowing so many lives were lost because of you–because you didn’t do enough to save them. That you weren’t enough to keep them out of harm's way. Dean tried to keep his head up. Benny, Charlie, Kevin, and Sam all told him repeatedly that he couldn’t blame himself for the lives he couldn’t save, but how could he not? Being a Superhero meant saving people who needed saving. Their deaths would always haunt him.
Over breakfast Dean decided to at least broach the subject on a possible return as Captain Speed, and see if Cas had any ideas on the matter.
They had no time to talk, no time to even argue over Dean’s sheer stupidity. They went from being Dean and Cas to turning into their alternate selves, delving straight into business mode.
She gestured at Dean to follow her into the office. It was the biggest office in the building, the one that John Winchester used when Dean was a child. Dean recognized huge wooden table that was Larkan made, but the walls lacked the charming pictures of family and landscapes that Dean was used to. Instead it had severe and opulent art that oozed wealth, but the subject matter, the Great Sith War, left much to be desired. There was violence and darkness at every turn, and a part of Dean mourned losing the room to this woman.
Apparently Charlie had brought Sam along to make sure Dean wouldn’t be too stubborn about needing other home bases since Sam did tend to have the level head out of the two brothers. It worked the way Charlie wanted to, with even Cas agreeing to spread out across the city to keep them all safe. As much as Cas loved his home, both he and Dean knew that it couldn’t be the only place they stayed. They could keep it as their main home but they agreed with Charlie’s demand that after any fight or any big public appearance where people could follow them, they needed to at least stop at a different hideout to throw people off their trail.
“Do you remember, when we were kids,  the time when you taught me how to duel?” asked Dean. He had stopped rooting around in the sand, as he'd found a smooth stone to fiddle with.
because he looks hella creepy,” Dean murmured to Charlie, who giggled. KAZ tittered behind them, and Dean patted them on the head in a facsimile of a high five. “You said it, KAZ.”
It seemed both their respective people insisted they get ready to flee and do anything in their power to draw Abaddon away from the area. In minutes they were both suited up and ready for what was to come.
“Where did you go? What did you do?” Charlie said in a deep voice, mimicking Dean with a wink. “All will be answered, after I find out what smells
Dean looked thoughtful for a moment, and spoke up. “I think he’d be better as a knight, and - hey, no, no, we are talking about the main issue here, first!”
Dean was overwhelmed with the relief he felt being able to run again. If anyone could see him they’d likely compare him to a dog with the zoomies. He loved staying at the house these past weeks but being able to run to his heart’s content and feel the wind whipping through his hair was one of the greatest feelings alive. And having Cas to enjoy this time with was everything. The two of them challenged each other in different ways, seeing how Dean’s speed held up to Cas’s mind. They learned that Castiel could stop Dean mid-run if he focused hard enough and that if Dean ran fast enough around Cas, it blocked some of his ability to move things.
Jack’s startled cries pierced through the baby monitor but could be heard from the hallway towards his room. Dean made the move to get out of bed, since it was his night to wake up with the baby, but Castiel’s protective instincts must’ve been in overdrive because he nearly ran to the sound of his crying kid.
“But Cassie, if anything or anyone shows up,” his brother said with an uncommonly serious tone, “You don’t play martyr okay? You take Jack and you get the hell out of there, even if it means leaving Speed behind.”
Jack was still in his lap, oblivious to Dean being a dorky fangirl over his dad. “What’s he thinking right now?” He prompted, hoping the other Super would play along. There was a dramatic sigh from the armchair but Castiel didn’t say no.
, and wanted to salvage it, but not because he didn't want it." Charlie piled her plate with some salad and fries. "And the way he knows and respects your profession? He even knows how to make his own sword! Ah, we could use that for our sessions!" Charlie declared. "Maybe you should bring him along. He already has a costume, so he could be a knight, or hell, maybe our blacksmith or something.”
With that, the group broke off to finish the rest of their tasks before they stormed the castle, and Dean caught Castiel’s arm before the man could leave. He pulled him to a supply closet in the corner, and before the door even slid close, he met the man’s lips with his own.
Castiel had seemed to decide that Dean was taking too long to speak up. "Dean," he said, "are you courting me?"
It was only a speeder anyway; that didn’t need a callsign right? Or did it? Castiel wasn’t very good with mechanics. Sadly, that was one of the fields that he never did well in during his temple classes, and it had frustrated him to no end. Knowing how to drive was enough for him. And flying. He was in love with flying. Give him a ship and an airspeeder any day. Just don’t expect him to know how to fix it.
“It was a clear night, and he was scared, and Bobby was scared too, though he didn’t show it. They got to the barn and spray-painted every inch of it in signs and sigils, hoping they could call upon the monster strong enough to drag a man out of hell. When they finished the spell, and the light burst, Dean always said he knew then that something big was coming. He just didn’t know how right he was.”
“What. Uh, what happened,” Sam clears his throat and tries to rub the tears out of his eyes. “How did it..how are you here?”
“Hey Cas,” Dean whispers into the dark, the moon just a hangnail crescent shape outside his window. A new lunar cycle. He’s got twenty days ‘til werewolf time. He wonders if he’ll ever stop keeping time with monsters. “Eileen says you have your ears on, so. I mean, here’s hoping she’s right. Uh. I get it. Believe me, man, I do, Jack needs you. Hell, one of the last things I told him was that he wasn’t family and I was wrong - I was so wrong. Tell him. Tell him that I miss him, too. That he’s always gonna be my kid, you know? Even if he is all-powerful now.
Big Threats pop up, and before long he realizes that he’s built quite the network of hunters to deal with it, that he no longer needs to hit the road himself. So he starts buying up classic cars, and he fixes them up. Chevy’s, BMWs, Fords, you name it, he buys it, then he restores and sells them, and uses the money from the sale to buy the next one. He puts the extra cash back into the network of hunters, making sure they have fakes, supplies, and a safe place to go if they need it. And so, over the years, the bunker becomes a sort of Hunter Hub. A home base.
He would tell anyone who would listen about a cross country road trip in the search of a man who had never known how to be a father.
Dean watches movies on Thursday nights. At first they’re movies that he meant to show Cas but never got around to: Lord of the Rings, When Harry Met Sally, James Bond. Then he gets around to watching those dumb nature documentaries Cas would always put on when he thought no one was paying attention - Dean was always paying attention, and now that he realizes it he just...he feels so damn stupid. But he watches them anyways, because he thinks Cas would have enjoyed it if he’d sat down with him and watched a thing about bees, just once.
. Haven’t we learned that every time we play with these big, cosmic pieces that things just get more screwed? We can’t do that again, Sam,
The little boy nods and goes back to listening to the story, but he never forgets that. He never lets it go. And when he has his own family, he tells them about his uncle, and then he tells them this:
“Yeah,” Dean turns and faces his brother, and it feels like a goodbye, even though he knows it isn’t.
Dean laughs, then sighs, looking around Sam’s house, how he and Eileen have built a life and then baby proofed it. Sam hasn’t hunted a single monster in over nine months, and the world is still turning, somehow. Ten years ago, he never would have believed it. But now, well. He has faith.
“The things I do for you, Cas,” he says out loud every time he picks a new one. “Gotta admit, though, that David Attenborough - he knows what he’s talking about.”
either. He needs this for a while - the trees and the long grass and the woman beside him and nothing that goes bump in the night. He sends a quick thank you to Jack and Cas and thinks that maybe they can start to heal.
“Dean,” Eileen says, and her voice is kind. Dean thinks that he should learn more sign language. If she has to speak his language, he figures he should learn hers, too. And then he thinks that that sounds like something Cas would have said, and he looks back at Eileen, who’s trying to meet his eyes.
that shirt anymore. He can hear a radio crackling from the living room, playing Ramble On. He hasn’t listened to that song since...well. In a long time.
wouldn’t want us to do that again. He’d want us - you - to get that apple pie life. So let’s just. Let’s do that for him, okay?”
. He watches Sam and Eileen climb into the truck and heads North, and he calls them at the end of the day to make sure they haven’t run into trouble.
He gets old. Every Christmas, he sets up a small tree, and at the top of it, he puts an angel with a blue tie and a trench coat. He takes up Bobby’s phone banks, and suddenly he’s got Sheriff’s from all over the country asking him if he’s agent “Swift” or “Spears” and every time he hears the names, he smirks and glances upwards and says, “Yeah, hello, who am I speaking to?”
(“Why would he not bring another one,” he had asked about Star Trek once, after Kirk’s shirt had been ripped again.
, he thinks, and then moves to sit up before noticing his own hands. The wrinkles that had become so familiar are gone. As are the permanent grease stains from spending so much time under the hood of a car. His old hunting boots are by the door, and a plaid overshirt is bunched in the corner of the desk, like it had landed there when he’d tossed it off the night before. But...he was pretty sure he didn’t
Sometimes, couples would leave their kids with Dean while they went out on jobs, and he would tell them stories of when he was young. He’d tell them of his brother, who had brought about and then stopped the apocalypse, of the demon who became a friend, about Ellen and Jo and the Roadhouse, how it had been a place like his for people who needed it, he told them about Bobby, the man who raised him and loved him even though they weren’t blood, and he told them about Kevin and Charlie who had been so young and still fought so bravely and taught him so much. He’d show them the postcards that Charlie sent him - was
Claire and Kaia are there, and they bring their kids. Sam hugs them and presses the keys to the bunker in Claire’s hand.
Dean’s favorite story to tell is about a man who had never thought he was a man. Never quite human enough, and how he came to realize that being
They reach Vermont - where Eileen had popped up - and met her in front of a bed and breakfast by a lake. She said that she just...appeared there one day, without a phone or money or a place to go. She’d borrowed the owner’s phone and called Sam as soon as she could, and had done some hustling for starter money. Sam stares at her like she’s a miracle, which Dean supposes, she is. It’s the second time she’s come back to him, and Dean can see that Sam knows the absolute unlikeliness.
“Hey,” Sam grabs his forearm. “If you ever need anything - help on a case, or a place to stay - anything - just let me know.”
When Dean opens his eyes, he’s in the bunker. He feels lighter than he has in decades: his back doesn’t ache and his joints don’t creak, and he hears someone bustling around in the kitchen.
But Dean does. And his heart breaks, but he thinks that maybe this time it’s a clean break, that he can maybe start putting it back together. So Dean does the only thing he possibly can do. He gathers his sister, and he hugs her, too.
“Not dead,” she finishes verbally. Dean looks away, frozen like a deer in the headlights, or a boy lost in a crowd.
He tries watching a horror movie once, but it hurts, looking at the demons on the screen and remembering Meg and Ruby and Crowley and Lucifer and Michael and Cas. It always comes back to Cas.
“I’m not. My life....it was good, Cas. Maybe it wasn’t perfect, but I did alright. And I was never alone. I had my family. I had you.”
“Nah,” Sam glances at him, then at his phone, and then at the sunset. “I think I’m gonna go try that apple pie life for a while. Or at least get as close to it as two former hunters can get.”
“Um. But. I miss you. I know that you’re up there, and I’ll see you again but that’s gonna be years from now, man, and I just don’t know how to wake up and not see you in the kitchen trying to figure out how the coffee machine works. I don’t know how to watch a movie without looking over to see if you got the joke. Damn. So much for no chick flick moments, huh? Eileen said. She said that you knew and I didn’t have to say anything, but that’s how we got in this mess to begin with, so uh. Here goes, I guess. You gotta know that you’re it for me, man. I’m not as good with words as you are, but at the end of the day, I guess I always kinda thought we were gonna grow old together, you, me, Sam, in the bunker watching bad movies and finding new cases and just...making it up as we go along.
, Sam,” he snaps, then takes a deep breath, and tries again, “it’s not fine. But what do you want me to do? Man, we just went up against God, and we
Sam doesn’t stop driving until they make their way into Texas, into a small town with a house that sits on a large lot of land, and has a storm cellar in the basement. They raid the local grocery store for all the salt they can find, put rosaries into the water tanks, and then they start unpacking their boxes. Sam thinks that he’s never gonna be out, not really, but he’s not gonna be
Sam grabs her and he hugs her and she’s small and slight, bones and edges and he can feel the outline of a gun hidden in her waistband and he wonders how and when she got ahold of that, but mostly, he holds her and when he breathes in her hair smells a bit like apples. He doesn’t notice he’s crying until she pulls away and reaches up to wipe his tears.
“You don’t need to come save me yet, Dean,” Sam scoffs, but he’s secretly relieved that they’ll always have this, and so he doesn’t hang up until Eileen shoots him that
Dean was pulling the pie from the over when Castiel received a call, and was whisked away off to take a shift. Dean wasn’t even able to tell him what he was doing for tonight and how special it was supposed to be. Nora’s kid was sick, and Castiel, bless his heart, was nice enough to take her shift.
“He’s just worried,” Castiel explained, maybe too quickly. “He thinks you’ve been here too long. He thinks people might make the connection that The Seraph knows where Speed is since you haven’t shown up anywhere in a while.”
As he ran he synced up his equipment to connect to Charlie but realized as he connected it wasn’t just Charlie on the line. He heard Castiel’s distinct gravel tone updating where he was and then another male’s voice telling him directions. Dean assumed it had to be Gabriel’s.
She rolled her eyes at him. “Of course not, I’m not daft. However, one might think that you and yours would be more inclined to work with someone whom you could at least talk to and maybe reach an accord with, rather than being forced to, say, watch someone else massacre your entire planet just so they could dance on its ashes and proclaim it a world for the Empire.”
Dean shook his head with a smile. “Just an expression, Cas. I know you Jedi have a thing about romance or some shavit like that.”
what invasive question Charlie had just asked. He tried to shake his head furiously and get back the phone but Castiel dodged his attempts, pushing his hands away. “No, we haven’t gone that far but we’re hoping to soon.”
"KAZ, I need to talk to you later about our assignment!" Dean called out, and KAZ tittered in response. Dean grinned, and turned to Charlie.
Castiel never knew his real name but he knew that gratingly nasally voice was often referred to as The Demon. Castiel also knew Captain Speed had been fighting The Demon for months, trying to keep him from the city.
Castiel needed something to eat. He gaped at the now-cold dinner that Dean had prepared, and didn’t even bother to grab a fork. He savored the texture of the crispened tubers mixed in with the silky egg on his tongue and tasted like a trio of musicians playing in his ear. It smelled like different shades of red, orange, and yellow. He washed everything down with a beer from the fridge, and everything he sensed sharpened somehow, bordering too much. Castiel staggered to the bed. He gently nudged Dean further in, and slid under the covers himself.
With a heavy heart, Dean pressed a kiss to Jack’s head, “I love you so much,” he whispered before turning and running the fastest he’d ever run to get to Cas.
Jack’s toys had been cleaned up while he was gone and he thanked Dean for doing so but was waved off by his guest. The gesture was appreciated nonetheless.
Castiel wavered, and sat on the ground again. He took another drink from the bottle . He heard the rustle of clothing being straightened. Dean huffed.
“It’s just for one night,” Cas said with an eye roll, already having had this conversation with Dean in the car. “Besides, he hasn’t slept over at my parents in a while, I’m sure they’d slam the door in our face if we showed up.”
Running his fingers through the soft curls around Jack’s temple, Castiel realized he had to figure out what to do.
Castiel flinched a little, but did nothing. Instead, he weaved his way near Dean, and ducked behind him to fall on the bed.
It made more sense than Abaddon harboring a grudge but if what Sam and Cas were theorizing was true, this could eventually turn into a bigger problem than just a fight with Abaddon, and that was something Dean didn’t want to think about. Not when he’d realized just how good it felt to not always be worried about his city’s safety.
Dean was overwhelmed to say the least. His nerves were shot and he was exhausted. He knew people were already taking pictures of him still clutching Castiel, and it would only be a matter of time before news channels would theorize about their relationship but Dean didn’t care. Castiel was alive and that’s all that mattered to him at this point.
In Greenacre, Wisconsin, the peach orchard owned by the Francis family gave up its last hurrah of the harvest, an intake such as none in the family had ever witnessed. Clint Francis announced, at one of his infamous family dinners, that they had profited enough this year so as to be able, if they wished, to offer the orchard up to other buyers, and move on with their lives; of course, no one present could have desired anything less.
There were ways he could accommodate for what that dreadful encounter had left to be desired. When Dean was tired, when he was spent, he would be there. When he laughed or cried and doubted. He'd be there. All he had to do was ask. The rest would simply have to fall into place on its own time. It would. They'd figure it out.
None of them had been very convinced of the warm salutation. They’d argued briefly about whether they should even stop. Dean grumbled that a river's hop across Dubois wasn’t nearly far enough, but Sam had insisted. They needed something with more concrete evidence, and more importantly, something natural, and Galilee's freak bird migration fit the bill.
They looked back to the man. He had not taken a drink yet, but watched them, recognizing their hesitance. He touched the rim of his cup with the pads of his thin fingers.
“I have seen so many things. Things you wouldn’t believe,” he murmured, nuzzling his mouth against Dean’s knuckles. “But you are so beautiful and whole that none of it could ever compare.”
They went quiet, a mutual silence. He imagined her sitting in the dark, worrying her lip. Imagined her imagining him.
Sam placed his order, and they watched the boy fumble with his pen and pad, tapping the pen against his teeth while he tried to puzzle out the abbreviations for things. After he'd figured out Castiel's order as well, he looked up at Dean, and his entire face froze.
She pulled back from Dean and grabbed Cas, kissing his cheek. Without thinking, he wrapped his arms around her, feeling her bony shoulders under his arms. The universe hovered just beneath his chin.
Le Beau reported no drownings, of children or otherwise, along its shores, for a very long time, and every year it was remarked that the cherry trees kept by Matsu Kami and his granddaughter bloomed brighter and more vibrant than was thought possible.
A small group of young women and their beaus, next to him, cheered and whooped, and several more couples spun off the floor, and now Cas and Dean were dancing on the edge of the center, the focal point of what seemed nearly everyone, clapping and shouting for them, but they were oblivious, Sam saw, oblivious to the crowds, laughing and lost in figuring out the steps, making it up as they went, Cas leading Dean more than the other way round, leaning from his arm and pulling him in and out.
He wasn't used to talking about strange things like this, like their odd unsteady affection, without feeling strange himself.
Cas shuffled through some of the papers in front of him, looking sallow and hollow-eyed in the fluorescent light.
,” she scoffed, for the thirtieth time since he’d decided on calling her that, as if she couldn’t believe the gall he had to name her something so diminutive. He knew she liked it and the excuse it gave her to scold him affectionately even more. “Like I’ll tell you, you cheeky thing,” she continued. “It’s all my worst mayhem, don’t worry. Only the ugliest sheets in town for the weddin’ bed.”
“Aw, dammit,” Dean mumbled, sliding out of bed. He went to the window and cracked it further, leaning through the tiny opening. Even close up to the outside of the house, now, he could only barely see the slates of the roof below, vanishing almost as soon as they started. He could hear the current a little ways off and down, could smell the almost overpowering presence of the garden, but for all intents and purposes the entire world had been obliterated by the fog rolling in from the water. “Yeah, there's no way in Hell I'm taking my baby down in this.”
Le Beau returned home, and six months later, forty cherry trees had arrived at his door. They were immediately put down by the river, and with his yearly bonus, Le Beau had transformed the whole grove into a promenade, with real marble fountains and a river walk.
Dean knew it was a losing battle. Yann’s eyes didn’t stray from his own, his face the most tranquil it had been since meeting them in the parking lot. There was a safety and calm in internalizing your role. They were all familiar with that one. He was telling the truth; it was the same face Dean made in the mirror when he told himself certain things, certain realities he had completely accepted. Dean looked at Sam, and then Cas, but they were busy staring at the werewolf, concern written on their features.
Sam stared at him a moment, confused—but he was learning not to ask for specifics, with these people. It never yielded anything.
It was almost too intricate to fathom, a vast mural of the river and everything surrounding it, like the map of a life, or a love. There was nearly too much to see.
The wall of sound hit them as soon as they’d gotten inside, coming from a band up on the small stage, the dance floor in the center crawling with couples. A bar at the back was doling out beers, and people were sitting at plastic tables and chairs sipping and chatting and laughing, their faces red with dancing and booze.
It was said that on that day, every soul and creature in the Pits of Hell had ceased their screaming and their torture for a long, bare, blinding instant, and had lifted their faces to a great and terrible light that had spread across the holocaust like a whisper of salvation.
“That’s some ink you’ve got there,” Dean said, honestly impressed by the way the colors shifted and swirled as she moved.
The main square of dance floor was beginning to be outlined by waiting people, many of them leaning into one another as couples did.
The Mississippi emerged from the haze, a watercolor painter's streak of muddy brown underneath the low clouds, eating up the bank and the green grass bowed towards it as if in homage. Mathilda had a dock—he could see, looking downriver, docks for each house on the ridge above, some with boats tethered to their posts, some without, but all with lanterns welded to the pilings, black metal things from some bygone decade, all unlit.
He just couldn’t get her out of his head. Miles and hours away from her and she was the first thing on his mind the minute he couldn’t sleep. He barely knew her. He’d met countless girls in countless towns, but this one had stuck on him, had woven herself into his pulse, somehow.
“You wanna put up for the night or look around?” Dean said, before Cas could call him out. He fidgeted his hand on the wheel and clenched and unclenched his hands.
His back was still turned to them as they approached, his frail arms proving their strength each time he raised up his shears and clipped off another offensive twig. The discarded bits of tree landed at his feet, and Dean stiffened as a small red dog appeared from nowhere to pounce on one of the remains, curled tail wagging rapidly in delight.
She stared at him some more, not with anger but with mild shock at the question, and then tore her eyes away, walking quickly up to the door at Marlene’s. He worried for a moment that she was mad at him – that she was offended by his forwardness, but there was something about Lily Francis that was undeniably big. Sam had hardly known her an hour and he could tell that she had outgrown Greenacre by miles. Sam turned, following her movement, anxious of what her face would look like.
“This is some place,” Sam said conversationally, splaying his hand on the dashboard when she slowed to turn onto the paved road. Lily shrugged.
They slept hard, rolling out of bed far later than any of them had thought they would. It was after a late breakfast and a half-hearted perusal of the local newspaper that they finally found themselves parking in the small lot at the base of the grove. The trees were down at the farthest end, a streak of pale rose against the horizon.
vibrate to life he hardly noticed it. On the second buzz he jumped, answering it and climbing out of the car so he could stand closer to the others. Sam put down his yogurt and stared at him expectantly and Cas took his hands out of his pockets, waiting.
Soon she was boiling the noodles and stirring them occasionally, barefoot in her purple hose and pleather skirt.
Cas trailed away, and Dean stilled, looking down Cas’ body to where his hand was curled over his thigh.
“I can hear you thinkin’ from all the way over here,” Olivia barked, glancing up at him. “You thinkin’ about good things, I hope.”
He just needed to hear it go to voicemail and be done with it. He’d put it to bed. Put her away, leave her behind…
“Dammit,” he mumbled, trying harder to get the relief he wanted. The pinch wouldn’t leave and he sighed, giving up and making the short step back to his brother.
“It has always been you,” she said, softly, and without haste. “For you know the universe is a love story, you see. The love of God for that which was not Himself.
He blinked. The twitch was stronger, had come again, like arrhythmia in his pulse, but beating gently against his sternum, and he realized that his eyes were hot and stinging.
Cas suggested the Ferris wheel afterwards, but Dean, ever-wary of heights, shook his head. Instead they stood on the grass with parents waiting for their children to come off the wheel, watching it spin slowly and carefully in the sky, aglitter with lights like stars. Higher still in the deepening indigo of the twilight the real stars were coming out in force, shining in the unpolluted atmosphere like some unfathomable road map pricked with a million pins.
Castiel smiled and kissed his temple, letting him go. Dean stood and brushed the grass off of his knees.
Another podunk motel without doubles. For the second time they parted ways after anxious hours and anxious meals and tried to remember how to breathe normally. It was as if a cloud had passed in front of the sun, perturbing.
The sunlight seemed drawn to where he stood, and later he would see the places where it had bathed his face in freckles, as though it had bent to chastely kiss him everywhere, leaving the gold-smudged flecks as parting gifts. Dean laughed lightly, made some shy joke, and the man laughed as well.
or something else, he didn’t know. He didn’t like the lack of control sleep brought, the way his body sought out Cas on its own. He didn’t like how easy it felt, because easy meant letting your guard down.
She pushed the shirt into his arms and then went to searching through her nooks and crannies for the loose trousers she’d received as payment so long ago. Back when people didn’t have much to give but the clothes on their backs.
“Come on, Sam, are you seriously believing this? It’s all coincidence! Even this is coincidence, and a few months from now we’ll be back here cleaning up his mother’s body.”
” Sam snapped, petulantly, sitting up all the way. “What the hell? It's like—somethin' in the morning—”
He curled down over Dean, hands soft on his jaw. He kissed his brow, his nose, each eyelid, his cheeks, the corners of his mouth.
“It’s – it’s uh, not the boys. It’s me,” he stammered, squinting his eyes up in embarrassment. Brilliant, Winchester.
Cas noted hazily that the wound on Dean's lip where he'd nearly bitten through was almost healed, nothing but a dark scab now.
The gardener still did not reply but looked down at his little red dog and said something to it, his voice lightly scolding in an affectionate way.
“That’s fine,” Sam interrupted, making the decision a little easier. “Also—do you have church services tomorrow?”
Cas didn’t wait for them, and they quickly moved to catch up, trailing behind the old man and his little red dog, the cherry trees glistening overhead, quiet and still.
“My Nanny, she used to say they came up with the slaves, that those stories were older than us. Older than our country. They came from some old place, some old river had spun them up. The Nile, or the Euphrates, those Bible rivers? Wherever it came from first doesn’t matter I guess – nobody took notice till Amos Porter came.
When Sam didn’t move, focused on opening the Impala's door, she looked around and hastily jogged away from the corner, towards the car. She pulled the netted sleeves of her shirt over her hands as she ran on her teetering shoes, her skirt riding up a little and showing off the top of her thigh over her pale-purple stockings. She was a gaudy mess, all mismatched bright colors and ratty hair piled high on her head, smeared mascara and fake gemstones missing from each of her earrings.
The highway was wide and utterly empty and a dangerous slick of wet and thunder crashing like cymbals above, echoing and banging against the roof of the Impala. Outrunning the sound, outrunning the lightning, escaping the creeping cool blue and indigo and purple, and the river ran alongside them, racing them to wherever sunlight lay at the end of things. Castiel, his arm extended like a wing, sending them off in black metal flight.
Dean stretched his arms high above his head, popping out the kinks in his bones and muscles, and Cas watched, his legs bent out like a loose diamond, shoulders hunched, his hair mussed from sleep. He thought he could watch the movement of Dean's body beneath his skin forever, the twisting and cording of tendons and flesh, the spiral staircase of his spine, the broad expanse of his shoulders like sturdy wood.
“Shit!” some boy proclaimed, eyes lighting on Cas’ storm-dark features, all fury and intention to make them stay and take care of what they’d done.
He heard Sam come out of the cafe and continued to face the street, fists balled tight at his sides.
"It won't be like that. Do you even hear yourself? Lily, I knew you for barely a night and I knew - I knew you were more than that town. You need more than that town and you can do it. I'm serious. Don't you want more than the orchard? More than sitting at your dad's store?"
about him.” Sugar set the plate into the other side of the sink, clanking gently against the floating dishes there in the washing-water. “It's about all of you.”
“Don’t you worry. They’re made of strong stuff.” She patted his hand as she said this, and he knew dimly that she was talking about him—that they were made of him. “Stones got to be made of the strong things, or it all falls apart.”
In truth, he already felt familiar with her. Or something similar; there was just something about her that he understood, even after only a few hours. Some part of her that was part of him, too. The urge to get out of where she was, the need for change, for growth, for anything. He’d recognized it, like a zap of static electricity. He'd had that, once, himself.
“When I was growing up it was just a story. Or bits and pieces of one,” she said, rolling her shoulders back and forth. Her voice was low, as if she didn't want to be overheard. “Nothing whole, ever. My family's—
The diner faded to background noise as he lapsed into thought. That morning he'd woken up only to realize that he had decided to be a hot sleeper and push the sheets to the foot of the mattress.
“I never thought it’d be so obvious,” she said quietly. “Or come knocking on our door—heavens above. I never thought they’d wear everything the way they do. Right in their eyes, Nate – he has the bluest eyes.”
Sam, sitting beside them on the couch, watched as they fell into each other, opening and kissing more deeply and lovingly than he'd ever seen them, and tears streaming down Castiel's face, and a smile on his lips; he felt his heart leap, and pressed shaking joyous fingers to his mouth.
Dean buried his hands in its fur and let out a ragged breath, his whole body collapsing in on itself, eyes still shut tightly.
He made a point of watching them out of the corner of his eye as they bunked up for the night, as he was looking up Sandra Eadie in the county records on the futzy wireless connection. They were moving in wide arcs around each other, tight-lipped, giving each other hard looks. They didn't even try to touch each other, and this, especially, was odd to Sam—over those past few weeks he'd gotten used to seeing them brush their hands against each other, lean into one another, kiss and caress, but now they seemed afraid to do so. Or too angry to do so.
“It’s just that, isn’t it? A big wedding. The biggest wedding anyone will ever see.” She looked earnestly at Castiel, eyes dreamy. “Why else would there be so many? And no flood?”
“Mmm.” Cas glanced at him, the strong line of his jaw, the sweep of his jugular. “Intriguing, though. You have to admit.”
“Nothing.” Sam waved it off, coming to a stop closer to Dean. They all stood there, looking around, but nobody around looked like Clint Francis – at least, not the picture that had been used in the papers. There wasn’t much around; just the trees and the people, and a long table set up near the entrance with handmade posters displaying prices for peaches and a few donation spots for local charities.
Madame Olivia was stooped over her stove, her cane resting on the wall; the pantry door was open and yellow light sprawled onto the floor as she ladled something into a bowl and set it aside.
“Then, mashwarohn.” Olivia tapped the end of her cane on the wooden floor, like a gavel. “I'm thinking, if I have been reading your face right this evening, that you've got something you want to say.”
Some nebulous force standing in front of him, holding out its hands full of good intentions, the fact that he always meant well, that he was just
“That's fantastic,” she said softly, smiling herself, trying to match him from miles away. “That's really great, Sam.”
“Let me get this straight,” Sam said, slow and calm, holding out steadying hands. “You're—a werewolf?”
“Truth be told,” Mattie Lawrence said, more to herself than to Cas, speaking almost inwardly as if to someone tucked away inside her, “I do believe this place has been waiting for a very long time to receive guests like you.”
“Uh—fine,” he said, shrugging, stuffing his hands in his pockets. “I've got some stuff, I guess. D'you want to head out?”
He let his hands rest on Cas' shoulders for just a moment, big and splayed on the white fabric of his shirt, and Cas tilted his head, met his smile.
“It’s just me and Mamma in the house—w-what if one night I just—what if it catches up with me? I could kill her – I
out of the cafe instead of flying, furious that Dean would hardly look at him, that he dismissed him, that he hadn't wanted a single thing to do with him since the debacle of their last attempt at intimacy.
Olivia turned to her audience and gestured to the snake under the table, sounding frustrated. "My little monster."
“Sit anywhere you like, hon,” the waitress said, and Dean, for no particular reason, glanced over his shoulder.
“Corinthian. I've heard your name before.” The reaper took a drag on his cigarillo. “I can't say it's a pleasure to meet you.”
“It wouldn't be unreasonable to assume that she might prey on both sides of these—indiscretions,” Cas said. “This Hailey might be on her radar.”
Yann nodded, warming to his subject. “And no one's had a case on any kind of water spirit for longer than anyone can remember. Drowned ghosts, kelpies, selkies, merfolk, nothing at all. That entire—species, or whatever, they've all gone quiet.”
“They looked like they'd seen a ghost,” Cas said. His head was still reeling, a strange chill sitting against his arms. “They called him a catfish, Sam.”
He liked it here, in New Orleans, or on its outskirts. The house seemed just big enough for all of them, even if it were only, he knew, to hold them for a little while, and whenever he found himself walking on the riverbank with his hands in his pockets and the summer wind pushing his hair back from his face, he thought that nowhere else had he seen a sky so endless, or so perfectly painted.
They settled in as best they could before the final stretch. Sam clicked through preliminary research on his laptop, an almost unfamiliar habit after all these weeks chasing something as nebulous as miracles and stories. Obituary text seemed strange to his eyes, now.
Before the business of rivers, before kingfishers, before books and the hot august green of late summer. His little brother bent up in the backseat, Cas looking out the window at the bluffs, all of it up in the air, swirling above them.
He smiled at Death, and Death returned a grudging twitch of the lips, and they existed a minute more in one another's company—both of them, it seemed, content in some way at last.
“It’s either that or sitting around waiting for a call to come in, and you know as well as I do that could take a while. Everything’s quiet. I have nothing else to tell you,” Bobby said shortly, and Dean could tell he was just as exasperated by the whole thing. “It’s the craziest thing I’ve heard in a while. Like all of a sudden things just flipped.”
Cas thought it odd he’d have to explain his dancing abilities. He was a creature built to worship and that included all forms of celebrating his Father’s love. The ritual of dance was an old one and one of the few facets of humanity Castiel had been intimately aware of before he'd dropped to Earth with the Winchesters. His Father’s court was born and bred for such activities, and he had engaged in it on more than one occasion – just never with Dean, a partner with whom he was romantically inclined, and never for the simple act of pleasure.
Sam scowled at him, but he was already moving off into the house, hands in his pockets. Sam looked to Cas, who sent a little glare off at Dean's retreating back, and then mumbled “I'll look upstairs” and swept away, careful to avoid brushing Dean's shoulder as he rounded the corner and vanished up the stairs.
“I brought you something in case you get hungry later,” Cas said softly, gesturing absently to the third paper bag on the room dinette.
Dean was frozen. He hadn’t moved an inch since Cas had pinned him down under his stare. His skin prickled, every nerve ending crackling and the hair on his arms was standing on end. His stomach gave a lurch and a wave of nausea followed. He felt, for an instant, like something was rolling inside of him, and then, abruptly, it stopped, just as the door to the kitchen slammed open.
“Now—I'm afraid,” she said, as they trailed nervously after her, “that all I've got are twin beds upstairs, so two of you might have to share. But I don't think that'll be a problem.” She waved her hands aimlessly as if brushing aside the thought; Dean and Cas exchanged glances. “And seeing as Nate and I will be out tonight, you all are coming to the dance with us.”
“What I can and can’t say. Y'see, it was supposed to go one of two ways – you’d know everythin', and I’d give y'all time to collect your heads before you went down to the Big Easy. Or, we have ourselves a bit of a come-to-Jesus.”
A part of his spirit that had immediately recognized something of the same in hers; that wild need, the urge, to get out of the rut she was in. To change something about her life and make a move somewhere, to drag herself out of a hole of habit. He’d barely met her a full minute and he'd already been able to tell that she was chomping at the bit for something. Anything, really.
She bit her lip, lifted her thumb to worry at it. Imagined him driving up in that slick black car. Pulling her hair down. Picking her up off the ground in his big arms, like she'd dreamt about.
Their arms knocked together inelegantly; Cas was obviously in the middle of trying to decide what to do with his hands, and Dean’s fingers edged under the hem of his shirt. Warm skin. Very warm. He had always imagined Cas to be cooler to the touch, and he wasn’t, and it imbued him with such a strange sense of comfort to know for certain that he nearly stopped kissing the angel on top of him all together. He breathed against Cas’ mouth and Cas kissed him softly, palms dragging down Dean’s shoulders and towards his chest.
“You’re kidding,” Sam breathed, looking at the traffic officer. He'd slowed the Impala to a crawl, watching the stream of backed-up traffic slowly work its way around the construction blocking most of 79.
“Shut up, I’m not trying to get your money!” she squawked, waving her hands in front of her face. “I’m trying to tell you I
“Did something happen?” Sam asked gently, settling for touching Cas' shoulder. “I mean, you don't have to tell me, but—I know, about you and Dean. And it's okay, I mean, it's fine. So you can tell me if you want.”
They swung into the car, and Dean started the engine. He could feel Sam watching him out of the corner of his eye as they pulled into the street, and finally he said, “I don't know what's up with Cas and me.”
“Promise me,” Dean whispered against Cas’ ear, soft and pleading. “Promise me as soon as this is done I can have you. I want you – please, Cas, I’m gonna lose my mind…”
“The only thing we can do right now is test to see if you are or not. We can try silver on you and see what happens.”
She trailed off, attention diverted to the egg that was finally cooked enough to flip. She smiled in momentary victory: the yolk hadn’t run.
“He wasn't quite dead when I arrived, but his clock was running out, and so I had to wait. Smoke inhalation, as I recall. He was clutching that book to his chest, the one you want.”
Wordlessly, Cas wound his arms around Dean’s neck and locked his legs around his waist and Dean stepped back from the counter, bumping slightly at the table. He carried Cas to the stairs, barely able to manage – Cas’ mouth was searing over his, wet and open, coaxing his tongue out to roll with his, still fuzzy with spices and the faint tang of wine and of rum from the cake they'd eaten.
“Not round here,” she said, laughing a little, flashing them the bottom of her hand. A perfect asterisk. “Why? You need a minister?”
“I haven’t seen her since a few Christmases ago. Did some roof work so the snow wouldn’t cave her in – did it through the church.The Christian one. If anybody’ll have a light on, it’s her. She’s up there in that big old house by her lonesome and she always keeps the light on as far as I know. Part of that queer sort of hers. I’m sure she’ll tell you all about it if you ask.”
“She can tell me about the river?” Cas asked, as Julia Everhardt got creakily to her feet and began to shuffle back out of the pew. “And the birds?”
They flitted about town like Greek muses, inspiring the love of nearly every boy in their high school class. You had never seen four more beautiful, delicate creatures, each one lovelier than the next, and none so lovely as Lily, the youngest of the four (Rose, Hyacinth, and Violet, respectively—and the fairytale nonsense of the sisters' names did not amuse Lily—not even a little).
“I love him,” Cas blurted, then, almost frantic, the words stumbling out over his tongue before he could stop them. His face sank deeper into his hands, his spine bowed further forward, as if he were curling into himself, trying to vanish.
Mattie was a quiet hostess. She told them she'd be happy to put them up for a night or two if they had business in town; told them to eat, please, she always made enough for guests whether or not they came. Told them she did this all the time, lodged strangers in her upstairs rooms, so empty and cold now that her old hips refused the stairs.
“Maybe there's nothing to stab this time,” Cas said. “Or shoot or kill. Maybe this is something different, something good.”
“Can’t say.” Nate shrugged. “But that book was something special. I don’t know what it was. Maybe it was collected stories from the river folk, maybe it was God’s word himself, I don’t know.”
“I love this part of you,” he murmured, nosing at the jutting bones. He loved all of him – but these places especially. These nooks and secret places, the swell and rise of joints, the curved architecture of his pelvis, the nip of his waist, the firm muscle of his legs, pretty cock tight against his stomach.
Sam called them in a flurry of excitement as they were walking back, balancing white styrofoam boxes of greasy food in their arms. The town center was still deserted and dead and the sunset was painting the tops of the hills violet and orange.
He flushed and tripped backwards up the stairs, watching Dean slip out the front door, there and gone, a blink of light and then a shadow swallowed up into the darkness of the lawn. Cas turned and climbed the stairs, focusing on the softness of the wood under his palm. Broken in, worn down, soft, an easy glide.
Yann shook his head in disagreement. "Not just that - she's making this big thing! It's really something."
“So glad to have company,” Sugar said fondly as they all parted ways for the night. Dean thought he heard her murmur “such important company” as he ascended the stairs, but his eyes were heavy, and he couldn't be sure.
A few weeks earlier, Sam had stolen the Impala out from under Dean's nose and driven north from their halfway motel in Colorado all the way to Wisconsin. He'd been gone for a solid week, and Dean and Castiel—unable to be too terribly worried, considering he called every night to apologize for taking the car—had spent the days wandering the tiny town they'd bunked up in, admiring the Rocky Mountains from afar.
Water to shore. Coming together and together and together, and the coil in the bottom of his spine twisting tighter still and no resistance, no wall between them, only space filled and space made and the divine union between them.
A light scuff echoed back immediately, and there was a huff of exertion and then light skipping footfalls just as cicadas began to rattle in the oaks, filling the small clearing up with their drone. The noise inside was clumsy and random, as though someone had just woken up—or the house had just woken up.
They went inside, back up the staggered slope hand in hand to keep from slipping down in the mud, once the afternoon sun had begun to dip and the fog had become chill, and what sounded like a thunderstorm began to protrude into the early evening. They made it to the porch of Mattie's house just as the rain broke and began to dissipate the fog, and they stood for a while under the portico roof, leaning against each other, watching it pour down and beat into the ground.
“It has finally settled,” Kami-sama said softly, loading his pipe. The little dog hopped from Dean's lap and, with seamless ease, turned back into a girl, and her master reached out and caught her smooth white hand, squeezing it.
Sam stared at him a moment, his hands still uncertain of themselves in midair, and then he smiled, just a little bit, just softly.
Castiel said nothing, but followed them to the Impala anyway, fingers brushing over his sternum. He felt a little hollow inside.
Cas glanced into the empty hall, the sunlight shifting on its wall. He could hear conversation from the front of the house, Nate and the boys.
In the silence that followed, the clock on Olivia's mantle chocked, loudly, dividing the world into instants, and it seemed that the universe held its breath.
“Yeah.” Cas nodded, breathing in, and Sam touched his shoulder once more, a little dizzy with the radiance of him.
"All the other agents are so stuffy," she sighed, her lips in a playful smirk. "But I like this look. Very casual. Very good to have for dinner."
“Don’t hold your breath on that one,” Dean muttered, already convinced they were walking straight into another loose end.
Dean pulled Cas’ hands to his chest and rubbed the backs of them, willed his heart to beat straight into the Cas’ palm, to lift out of his body and sit captured in the cradle of Cas’ fingers.
She directed Dean towards a map book in the next room, and he brought it in for her; she showed them where the river met the mountains further south in Missouri, a townless place, a general blotch encircled by her fingers.
Dean was waiting by the staircase, outlined in white light from the kitchen and the one lamp on in the parlor. Picture frames and wall hangings winked at Cas as he passed them, his foot nudging at rugs and carpets spread along the oak floors. The air was getting cooler by the second, the altitude and the breeze outside rustling through the house, drawing little creaks and pops and soft sighing sounds from the walls.
“Yes ma’am,” Dean finished, handing it to her. She swiped it for him and handed it back, looking up through her lashes.
David, who looked only marginally more awake now than he had earlier, mentioned something about interviewing the witness who'd seen Sandra Eadie's ghost. There was a shuffling around the seats in the Impala—Dean and Cas ending up together in the back seat, much to their chagrin, and sitting awkwardly there with their knees close together and their hands safely in their laps— and David sleepily directed Sam down the main road out into what constituted Hartman suburbs, and they pulled out of the town center under the fading afternoon.
“Well, I'd say we find one of these—Riverlands people, or whatever,” Dean said, voice echoing on the bathroom tile. Sam heard him spit out his toothpaste and he came back out, rubbing at his mouth. “But they're a pretty secretive bunch around here?”
“I feel hungry,” Dean said, and the others looked up at him. Dean set his jaw resolutely, glad to have settled the brooding question, and searched for an exit sign.
It was said, much later, when such things began to be spoken of again, that on that particular September eighteenth, a peculiar thing had occurred. A demonologist in Nebraska heard it first, from the lips of some Hellspawn in the midst of its exorcism throes.
“Everyone we've met,” Cas said, “everyone we've spoken to, who's shown us hospitality or sent us on our way or answered our questions—they all seem to think very highly of
“Guess we’ll have to look around. See if there are any of those carvings over the doors like that one at the Lawrences',” Dean sighed, tapping the last of the gasoline out into the tank, closing it up and tucking the pump back onto its rack.
"Over and over. The girl who swallowed the stones, the princess, the catfish. Maybe it's just been ending wrong. I don't know. The way—the way I've heard the Riverlanders talk, they made it seem—like they always end sad. They hurt each other or lose each other. They drown each other, but the catfish—maybe the catfish can make it all end alright. Someday."
“Everyone’s got emptiness. That empty spot where the love should go. You just have to find the piece that fits right. Could be crazy. Could be what you least expect, but love doesn’t mind those things. It'll twist itself up and fit anywhere it can. That’s all life is, really. That’s the big secret. And when you find that piece?”
he read aloud. He gnawed on his lip and looked back at the others he had been sifting through, eyes narrowing in concentration.
Below the house, the river, and the trees; and past the river, the opposite bank, and far away to the north the dusky silhouette of the city, rising like a beacon over the marshlands. An egret stalked something in the shallows, a mere smudge of white.
The three of them leaned against the cool metal counter as the lanterns dimmed and the Byrnes moved back into slow songs, southern waltzes and easy steps. Under the lights the dancers moved like fireflies on drowsy summer evenings, smooth and sweet, paper dolls in a puppet show. Like precious clockwork. At the back of the hall the high wall of photographs shone under a patina of Polaroid paper, from the smallest and the oldest to the most recent, glossy and new. Somewhere in that maze of faces Dean and Cas were caught smiling forever, watching the couples sway and swoon on the floor.
“What’s going on?” Sam slurred from his bed. Cas shushed him and he fell back among his pillows, huge arms curling around the one beneath his head.
Something—his heart, his lungs, his soul itself—seemed to twitch within him, like a flicker of the tongue.
But now the nebulous expanse of land, the separation from New Orleans, from the book. From Amos Porter's prophetics. And the rug, it seemed, had been pulled out from under them, for those remaining hours. Nowhere else to go; no one else to see. Just the long dark road, and the thing at the end of it, and them—three, and free-wheeling, and perhaps a little bit afraid.
“Sure.” She cocked her eyebrows at him again; Sam thought vaguely that they were the most expressive eyebrows he'd ever seen. “Well, I hate to disappoint, but my uncle's pretty busy, you know. Running a festival and all.” She crossed her arms, flicking her head to swipe away a stray hair.
In the dimness under the dock it was hard to make it out—a fish had broken the surface, nosed up for a moment, and now its silky back was slipping under the water again. Cas was surprised to feel it nudge beneath his foot as it made its way back into the river proper, its fin sliding against the bottom of his heel.
Next to him, Dean breathed, and very abruptly he bent, resting his head in his hands, elbows on his knees, inhaling and exhaling in the space between his wrists. Cas fought the urge to touch his back, instead let his hand inch closer to Dean on the dock wood that separated them.
Dean turned, leaning one bare arm on the windowsill, shoulders twisting. “Yeah, you'd like that, huh.”
He knew he should sleep. They had another near-day's drive ahead of them tomorrow, to get to New Orleans. He had to be rested. And he
“She said she kept it clean for people. Not only us,” Cas said, watching the anxiety creep over Dean’s features. “She hardly could have known about us, Dean.”
He got to his feet, pulled his suit jacket from the back of the library chair. Cas didn't move. He was still looking down at the articles, hands splayed white and spider-like on the surface of the table.
Dean’s mouth opened and closed and he looked away. He tripped backwards and sank heavily into one of the chairs, staring out the window into the violet night.
to be. Right down the road, about a day's drive.” Nate gestured out the window, past the screen porch. “It was the town misfortune. Children drowning in the river all months of the year. As long as anyone can remember. Swallowed 'em up like it was starving for them. Incredible, really, the way they used to die. The danger of a river town, I suppose. But not anymore.” He thumbed at his lower lip, nodding to himself. “Not anymore.”
They drove until Dean was too anxious to drive anymore, and so—alone, unanchored, and unsure—did they enter the town of Jordan, Mississippi, welcomed by a green government sign proclaiming a population of 489, just as dusk was chasing in from the east.
“Your blood sugar low?” Dean teased, to let off some of his own frustration, easing up on the gas to avoid bumping the car in front of him. Sam scowled, sitting back, defiantly silent.
Cas watched Dean’s face. If the situation didn’t call for such a somber attitude, he might have laughed. Dean’s expression was caught in some kind of in-between state. He appeared unsure of how to react to whatever Bobby was telling him, the phone pressed against his ear, his mouth slightly open in surprise.
“Dean.” Cas’ flat voice floated softly from somewhere beside him. A hand flopped out to swat blindly at Dean’s back, attempting to get his attention. “You have to sleep.”
“What are you doing?” Dean drawled, still half-asleep, as she passed, her long skirt sweeping the floor.
“Just stopping through,” he said, perhaps a little too cheerfully, trying to make up for the dark mood hovering over the others. “Highway's, uh. Down. Construction.”
He was cut off by their abrupt drop onto the riverbank, a shock of solidity to Dean's tailbone and Cas' head, and Dean collapsed backwards, pulling Cas down with him. Sam immediately scrambled to help them, gripping Cas' arm and hauling him to his feet, then crouching down to pull Dean up as well.
Dean’s cheeks hurt from smiling so hard. When he looked up and caught Castiel’s eye, he noticed the other man was smiling too.
“Taking a break. Not being responsible for so much. Cooking, cleaning, taking care of a kid… it’s so
“Yeah, he’s slow.” At that moment Jack yawned deeply and Dean knew it was time to figure out the nap situation. “Are you sleepy?” He asked, just as a way to keep Jack occupied. Dean wasn’t sure what he was going to do. He knew he couldn't get Jack up the stairs and he didn’t think he could stand long enough to set the pack up crib and get Jack into it, but how else could he get Jack to sleep. Would it be weird to hold him?
Dean blinked once more. The hut remained. Someone had somehow redirected his attention and made him think that it wasn’t there.
Castiel woke up to the smell of eggs and tubers frying. He blinked, his pupils adjusting to the dim glowlight beside him.  He sat up, and felt some semblance of sobriety as his head swam and pounded.
Abaddon’s smile grew sharper, more lethal. “That is not the correct question. The correct question is, what can I do for Larka?”
After struggling to explain what was happening and who Jack was, Jessica didn’t hesitate to pull Jack into her arms and introduce herself to the baby. She had two young boys of her own and swore to Dean that Jack would be safe and have the time of his life playing with her sons.
Dean shifted in his seat, and gritted his teeth, as if saying what he felt physically pained him."I keep thinking of… well, I keep thinking about Dad," he paused lengthily, trying to muster up the courage to say what he wanted to say. Dean felt a foot kick him in the shin, and he looked up to see Charlie staring at him intently. Dean sighed. "Charlie, what if Sam’s right, or even Bobby. What if this is another John? I don’t want to go through that again. I don’t know if - am I going batshit crazy, liking someone who's also nuts?
“We don’t get a lot of company,” Castiel explained, which seemed obvious based on how paranoid the Super was about strangers. “He tends to get along with most people since he’s always so happy but I can see in some of his thoughts that he thinks you’re very funny.”
Back in the living room, Dean had discarded his plate on the coffee table and sat watching the television with a furrowed brow. The same look Castiel himself had had when breaking news started to get worrisome.
A grin broke on Mr. Winchester’s face, and he guffawed, stood up, and slapped Master Gabriel on the back with a laugh. “Gabriel you son of a blaster!
long now, but this might be more than he could handle. Dean was glad Castiel was alive, but his friend, his love wasn’t how he expected him to be. Castiel was broken, and Dean did not know how to fix this.
“That’s for making me worry!” She said with another hit. “And that’s for not calling my emergency number when shit hit the fan!”
It was then that Castiel’s phone rang. He should’ve expected it. He looked at it with dread but he knew he couldn’t just ignore it. He could feel Dean’s eyes on him as two rings became four then became six.
“Where am I?” He finally questioned. He decided not to knock on the door despite the fact that there was a warm welcoming glow coming from behind the window curtains.
“I was saying, Cas, that it’s an honor to meet you Jedi folks,” said Dean with a smug grin. “And I was offering to tour you around the house, but you seem to have been doing a little mental touring of your own. You back with us yet?”
“It was the last straw on top of everything that happened. I’m done, Dean,” said Castiel. “I’m done.”
Castiel led the way to the university, keeping away from the main roads, instead going through the forest to make sure that no one would see them. Dean followed him quietly, pausing for some water, and once, in Castiel’s case, a bottle of beer. Dean stared at the back of the jedi’s - ex-jedi’s? - head, taking in his worn out tunic that seemed to be an undertunic from the time Castiel was a Jedi Knight.
“That’s fair.” Castiel decided. He rinsed the fruits and carried them over to Dean’s spot at the table before going back for a knife and cutting board. “Just make sure to cut Jack’s food bite size, please.”
The other Super gestured to the screen, “How he’s always making fun of us. Showing stupid videos of us getting hurt or in dumb situations. Like I get it, sometimes it’s funny to see a Super caught picking their nose but showing how we get hurt? It’s fucked up.” Dean’s declaration didn’t seem to warrant a response but Castiel hummed in acknowledgement as the man continued to rant. “And don’t get me started on how he criticizes all of our choices. I wish he knew what it’s like to have three separate emergencies on complete opposite sides of the city and needing to choose which one is most important. He has no clue what it’s like.”
“Especially when I can’t move, since I’ll be an aide-slash-security personnel and can’t be too suspicious,” Gabriel said.
The other man trekked in front of him, surprisingly steady despite the spice and alcohol that ran through his veins. They had been walking for close to thirty minutes, when Castiel stopped.
Charlie demanded that she and Dean meet up immediately and despite realizing he hadn’t left Cas’s place in a month, Dean agreed to meet up with her. Cas fretted for a while over Dean leaving and decided it would be best if they went out together and met Charlie far out of town. Not that anyone would recognize them as civilians.
Castiel peered down the hall towards the downstairs bathroom to find the door still open and the lights on in there as well.
Dean gave her a wan smile. Charlie shook her head, and went over to Dean, giving him a hug from behind. “Don’t you dare keep doing that to yourself handmaiden. You knew I was a skype call away.”
“It looks like he loves it,” Dean said nodding his head towards Jack. Castiel turned to his son who was indeed devouring the small pieces of food Castiel had laid out for him, his macaroni and cheese completely ignored. Dean’s smile was bright as he asked Jack, “It’s good isn’t it, little guy?”
Dean had been doing so much for him, and he realized that he needed to pay Dean back, somehow. He asked Dean to assist him in finding a job to make some gold (or rather, money, since they used these paper cutouts with an assigned value in their world. Castiel didn’t really understand how paper could have that much value, but he had seen himself how important it was, and thus had no choice.) He was lucky that Nora gave him this job despite his low qualifications.
It was with his son’s face in his mind that Castiel used the last of his consciousness and looked to the side of the road. He saw a metal pole that had been dislodged in the destruction.
Castiel jerked his senses back, feeling burnt. He had blocked off his connection to the Force for so long that Dean’s sunlit touch felt red hot against his darkened senses. He stood up, and grabbed the alcohol he was polishing off last night, and stalked out of his hut. He could hear Dean follow him, and Castiel sighed. He did not stop, however, and headed towards the lake in the darkness. He stretched out with his senses to help him navigate, and he could feel Dean stumble after him in the path. He heard muffled swearing. Dean must have tripped on something.
The news that night was mostly normal until the reporter began talking about Abaddon, theorizing that she and one of the most notorious Supers in their country were possibly in cahoots. Crowley was someone Castiel was thankful he didn’t have to deal with and he didn’t think Dean had to either. He was a powerful Super, one who never signed an agreement with the government, but seemed to work closely with big corporations. No one really knew what Crowley’s abilities were but everyone knew he was immensely powerful.
The angle was wrong and there was more teeth than lips, but Castiel responded eagerly in kind. They got into a much better position after banging too many limbs against the shelving units, and finally the frenzy slowly died down into small kisses and nips. Dean bit Castiel’s lower lip gently, before pulling back.
“Tuck?” Jack’s voice lit up as Dean pulled a red monster truck towards himself and started rolling it across the wood floors.
He realized as he carried Jack upstairs that he was exhausted from the day. His emotions had been rather up and down since Dean arrived and his body was a little achy from carrying the two girls off the skyscraper. Castiel couldn’t wait to get into bed later that night.
Castiel blushed. No, he didn’t. He did, but he didn’t necessarily like it. He liked it, but he didn’t like liking it. It was too much and he did not want any sort of attraction, no matter how much the man shone like a beacon in the Force. He was so bright, so full of light that Castiel did not understand how he could not use the Force. He wondered what it would feel like if he actually touched Dean’s presence. The boy’s name was Dean Winchester. Right. Dean.
“What does he do?” At Castiel’s question Dean’s whole demeanor shifted, lighting up at the prospect of talking about his brother.
The look on Castiel’s face revealed that he didn’t quite mean to say that but he knew he couldn’t take it back either. And Dean sure as hell wasn’t going to let that little detail slip on by. The other Super sighed.
Dean sighed. “Would have made it easier really. No, it's the kids who are responsible for the trouble they’ve been havin’. Some bastard student reported them.”
Dean was nervous as he slowed the speeder down to a stop a mile away from the coordinates. He started walking in the direction indicated in the info he received. Dean looked behind him, and could see the few buildings at the edge of the city in the distance.  In front of him were long stretches of dense, purple trees, thick enough that people would be dissuaded to venture out this far without staying on the road. Dean could see why Im’nuel chose this place to hide.
“I destroyed it, per Jody’s orders,” Castiel replied monotone. “I have a burner in the kitchen you can use.”
The door slid open, and Dean heard a sharp whistle from beyond. Charlie walked in, accompanied by a cylindrical looking droid with a transparent dome on top. It was black with chrome trim, and it shone like it just had an oil bath. Two narrow legs extended to its sides, and it whistled and shook excitedly upon seeing Dean.
When Castiel was in his late teens, after years of Gabriel nagging Cas to at least try, he finally decided to give being a real Super a chance.
“Does their unit have a balcony,” he asked, scanning back and forth against the windows and through the smoke. He could hear the officer asking the mother and heard her wails of
“One, it’s just been me, and two, I just want to see you happy, Dean,” She said. Charlie pulled her chair closer to Dean, and nudged him with an elbow. “So, tell me all about him, hotshot! Is he cute? Does he understand you, and your thoughts and feelings, and make you feel all twitterpated inside? Have you had sex yet?”
Dean trusted him, a relative stranger, with his life and safe haven, Castiel thought to himself. He already admired Dean for what he had done for Castiel, but he never realized how much bigger it was coming from a man who had spent a significant part of his life taking care of a man who was truly sick, and yet still offered his home to a stranger that for all he knew could have been the same.
Dean hadn’t known the other man long but he had a distinct impression that the face Castiel was making meant that he wasn’t being completely forthright at the moment.
Castiel took a moment to collect himself. He sent a real prayer up that nothing happened to Jack and Dean while he went into this fight.
As cold as steel as that voice was, Dean couldn’t blame the thousands of suburban soccer moms that went weak in the knees just by hearing the guy speak. It also wasn’t a mystery why so often the Super was referred to as having ‘striking blue eyes.’ They were similar to the one’s Dean had woken up to but far more intense. These were eyes that told Dean everything he needed to know: he was intruding on the other man’s space and he was not welcome in the slightest.
“No!" Dean immediately answered. "No, of course not. If he was, I would have called Bobby to take him away months ago.”
Jody sighed on the other end of the line, “Look, tell him I’m sorry but there were no other options.”
“No, no. I get it. I was actually thinking that I don’t do enough. I mean I sometimes do a car switch.”
“Okay.” It took her a few moments to continue speaking and Dean knew she was probably practicing her breathing techniques (or planning a new way to kill him). When she did start talking again her voice was sickly sweet, like it was killing her to not berate him again. “What’s his situation like? How many hideouts does he have? Are you rotating on a schedule like I told you or does he have his own system?”
With that thought, Dean reached into his pocket to fish out his phone only to find the device not there.
“Come on, boys. Let’s get you out of here,” she said under her breath, helping the two of them to their feet. As they began following her to the squad car, knowing they had to at least go through the process of answering any of the PD’s questions for documentation, Dean felt Castiel’s hand slide into his own. His body shook violently as the remainder of his adrenaline finally zapped out. They were okay. Abaddon was gone. There were still more mysteries and secrets to unveil like: Who was she working for? How many more Mundanes had been given this mysterious drug? Did this all really tie back to Crowley? What did that man have planned? But all of those questions could wait.
“Oh you’re impressed?” Dean teased. “You’re the one who could quite literally toss me around the bedroom.”
“We’re not sure. It seems to be some sort of mental wavelength that connects us when we’re around each other.”
Castiel groaned, his head in his hands. It had been really hard to get his hands on those. “I’m fine, Dean. They won’t kill me.”
At this point, Castiel recognized that they weren’t talking about him anymore, and felt guilty at intruding on something so vulnerable from the two brothers. He tiptoed upstairs, forgetting about his plans to grab a book, and instead lay on his bed, thinking.
“With your boyfriend’s mind tricks, I wonder what would happen if we drug him up a little. I bet he’d be unstoppable.”
he’d made things awkward. “It’s alright if you don’t want to. I just thought it would be more comfortable.” He was about to apologize for being so strange when he noticed a dark circle on the couch cushion next to Dean’s hip. “What’s that?”
Dean looked up, blinking at Charlie. Charlie waved a fry at him. “You have that deer-in-the-headlights look about you. You haven’t been listening to me,” pouted his friend. Dean gave her a small, sheepish smile, and Charlie continued. “Say it. What is it? Or…” She leaned in conspiratorially. “Who is it?”
Dean opened the door with a wide grin. A redhead with a travel pillow slung around her neck and a pair of earbuds stuffed in her ears waved at Dean with her free hand, the other dragging a big suitcase behind her. “I’m back, bitches!”
The food was more flavorful than anything Castiel had ever been able to make. Dean’s idea to make a simple honey and garlic sauce, with a squeeze of lemon he’d insisted on putting over everything before eating, was a combination Cas was going to try and recreate over and over. He was already looking forward to warming it up for lunch the next day.
Schooling a non-annoyed look on his face, Castiel walked back into the living room where Dean was groaning a bit as he pulled himself off the floor and reached down to pick Jack up.
Dean handed Jack the firetruck and the two of them started playing on the armrest of the couch, using it as a ramp or pretending it was a tall mountain the truck and car needed to climb. It seemed to appease Jack for a little before the baby started to get the wiggles. Eventually he slid off the couch and crawled over to his box of toys, pulling them out with unrestrained chaos. Dean was pretty certain Cas was going to be a little annoyed with all of Jack’s toys scattered around the living room, but Dean could only do so much with a weak ankle.
“Exactly,” Dean said with a shit eating grin before taking off at full speed, sending dust up in a plume around his boyfriend. He ran back just as quickly, laughing at his own idiocy.
“I considered telling him but then I remembered that you’re the one who showed up to my home uninvited.”
Both Dean and Castiel had stuck around to ensure that The Demon’s body was being transported away with the proper authorities and to answer any questions the PD had.
Castiel let out a strangled breath before pressing his lips harshly against Dean’s own. “I love you,” he said horsley, still shaking with adrenaline.
Castiel nodded thoughtfully, scraping butter across one of the cooked waffles, before asking, “Do you ever wish you weren’t the sibling with the powers?”
Castiel shook his head. He crossed his legs, closed his eyes, and went silent. Dean knew well enough to leave him alone when meditating, and so he went past Castiel into the cockpit. He turned on the holocom and rang up Charlie. It took a while to make sure that the signal was secure, but the connection went through and the redhead answered eventually.
As the sign went flying, Dean matched pace, gripping it with both hands and running full speed into Abaddon. He didn’t even realize he’d plunged it straight through her until he heard a deafening scream as he lifted her off the ground. Using all of his strength, he ran them straight towards the concrete wall of the building they were fighting in front of, pinning her completely.
“If it’s causing you and your brother problems, I can go. I don’t want to cause more problems for you.”
Dean clenched his jaw in frustration. It wasn’t like he wanted to be sitting cooped up, asking his friend to do his job for him, but he couldn’t do anything for the city for an indefinite amount of time. He’d been hurt a few times before–a dislocated shoulder here, a fractured hand there–but nothing that impacted his ability to run. Charlie was usually the one who ensured Dean had an interview or made a public post after a fight gone wrong. She claimed it gave the city peace of mind knowing that one of their Super’s was still looking out for them.
Dean did just that, though he wasn’t quite positive just how small bite-sized meant for a baby, but he figured cutting them too small would be better than cutting them too large. It was nice to have a task to accomplish at least while Castiel toasted the waffles for them all.
Dull, blue eyes found his, and Dean knew Im’nuel was definitely who he had been searching for all this time.
His heart pounded in his ears as he ran down the hall and barreled down the stairs, chastising himself the entire way.
He took as many precautionary measures as he could in driving towards the skyscraper, thankfully it wasn’t more than a few minutes of a drive. Once he was close enough, he threw his car into park in a dark alleyway and quickly pulled on his suit before climbing out and taking flight.
He could feel Dean run fingers through his hair relaxingly, and Castiel sunk further into the embrace. “I can't do anything to make you feel better Cas.” Dean whispered as he rocked the both of them. Cas turned and looked up at him, and Dean looked down at his face. “But, I can offer a different kind of distraction.”
“There you have it, then it shouldn’t be a problem!" Charlie speared lettuce with her fork, and waved it at Dean. "Besides, it’s not like you wanna to marry him in the future, or anything like that, right?”
It was still early afternoon by the time they left the diner and Cas and Dean decided they wanted to pick Jack up early and take him to the park since it was such a nice day.
"Aw Char, you I can bribe to keep me in your good graces," Dean said. He gestured towards the other room. "KAZ is less forgiving."
“They-they took them.” The student answered. “Stormtroopers came in yesterday and took them, marched them out of the door and carried them when they resisted.” He whispered, “Are you taking me there too?”
It was a little frustrating. If they were called much earlier, then the investigation would have gone much smoother and faster, and more people would have been saved. Why do worlds do this often? Don’t they realize that fast action and promptness are key? They were here to help, but people tend to call for them when things are potentially or actually too late. His master didn’t seem to mind, however. He liked the challenge of being under pressure and still finding time to do something to enjoy their mission.
It took a little bit for them to find a comfortable spot for both of them but before long they were snuggled next to each other, warm and safe. Of course in that moment, right as Castiel wondered if it would be wise to attempt a simple goodnight kiss, Jack began to cry from down the hallway. All he and Dean could do was laugh.
Dean reached under the hood for a few wires, and attached a small device from his pocket. “We'll bring it back when we're done,” he said.
Castiel nodded at Dean, with a shadow of a smile that faded quickly. He drew the tunic around him a little tighter. Dean looked on in concern at the sudden change. “You okay?”
“Yes Dean, I’m looking for spice,” Castiel said, glaring at Dean. “The students are my dealers, and I want more of what you got rid of.” He yanked his hands away. “I’m now going back to what I'm doing.”
“Hello? Are you the Charlie I’ve heard so much about?” Castiel asked, sounding far more charming than Dean had ever heard the other man. “You’re correct, I’m The Seraph but my friends call me Castiel.” Cas took that moment to push back in his chair, far enough away that Dean couldn’t hear what Charlie was saying. He’d wager she was likely threatening Cas within an inch of his life if a single hair on Dean’s head was harmed.
“Oh.” Dean blinked. “I don’t understand. You taught Sammy how to shield his thoughts from before - “
Dean just defended him against his brother. Sure, Dean actually still thought that he was delusional, but Dean believed that Castiel meant him no harm. He trusted that Castiel would contribute to the house, that he wouldn’t just rely on Dean and be his burden.
It could only be a Jedi. There was no other explanation. He wasn’t sure why the twi’lek and bothan were there. Maybe they were asking for help?
Castiel pulled back with tears in his eyes, staring at the little boy in Dean’s arms, praying nothing would happen to him.
Dean looked at Jack like he was surprised this baby, who was shoveling veggies in his mouth like they were candy, wasn’t usually interested in them. “Maybe he just doesn’t like the way it was seasoned before?”
“Do you want to go to the park with me and Dada? You can play on the swings and the slide. Does that sound fun?”
Castiel didn’t stay to listen to the reunion. His urge to get back home to his son was too strong. Prior to leaving he did ensure to ask the officers if all others were accounted for. It was only with the officers’ affirmative that he took his leave, again, doing his best to keep from being followed.
Jody tried to explain to Castiel once that it wasn’t because they were ungrateful, rather because when Supers were around oftentimes more damage ended up being done than good. Even if unintended.
“Not really, but he’s been calling a lot and you’re irritated every time you get off the phone with him.”
“Please. I understand that you think it wouldn’t be a large risk, but I have done everything in my power to make sure no one outside of my family knows where I live. The only reason Jody Mills has my address is because I wanted at least one person in law enforcement I could trust to know in case, heaven forbid, something happened and I had no one left to get to Jack.”
Dean felt a little sick at the thought that the other man may or may not have heard every single one of Dean’s thoughts since he’d woken up. He didn’t know how he’d explain himself out of his very not pg-13 thoughts he’d had last night as the two of them talked. How couldn’t he help but notice the way Cas’s lips moved as he spoke or the way his muscles rippled as he reached to grab his drink. It was like he was just asking for Dean to lust after him a little bit.
“And I know this is a shitty situation we’re in, but if you’re up for it, I can watch him while you work. It’s not like I’m going anywhere for at least a week or two.”
Torn between his worry for his son and knowing there was another parent’s child on the line, Castiel remained frozen. He could hear the officer on the other end of the line asking him if he was coming. His heartbeat felt louder than her words.
“They usually call you for emergencies,” he explained. It was true. Dean had a closer relationship with their city’s government and had lived there longer. His rapport with them meant he was the first to be called in emergency situations. And since Castiel had to disclose that he had a son, they tended to not call him as often knowing that the need to find someone to watch Jack would slow Castiel’s response time.
Castiel knew Dean wasn’t asleep yet, not with the way his friend kept shifting around. He felt bad, wondering if his bed was even more uncomfortable than his couch.
Dean had taken one look inside the fridge while using a dining room chair to hold himself up and declared that Castiel couldn’t let it all go to waste. So Castiel wound up following Dean’s instruction on marinating some chicken while Dean took to chopping nearly all the vegetables he deemed still good.
Castiel watched for a moment as Dean took another big bite of his food, and only moments later Jack did the same. His son’s bright blue eyes following the other superhero’s every movement.
None of it mattered though. He was fast, though she seemed faster than she had the last time he’d fought her, stronger too. He knew he could still get the upper hand, as long as he stayed focused.
It took a few minutes for Jack to gather all of his trucks into a pile in front of Dean. The living room was definitely going to be a mess after this but that was a worry for a later time.
Of all the places he could be stuck laying low, he figured he didn’t have it so bad. Castiel would clearly never let anything happen to Jack and therefore Dean knew he’d be safe there until he recovered. He’d do his best to stay out of their hair and not intrude but he figured it was only going to be for a few days, if that. And on the plus side, seeing Castiel as a civilian might actually help him get over his schoolyard crush.
The coffee in the pot from the morning had gone cold so Castiel had to wait for a new batch to brew. It gave him time to come up with a plan on how to talk to the other man.
It was Castiel’s turn to blush, and he immediately went to the sink to wash his hands. “Oh! I’m so sorry - it is a very, ah, intimate item and I just… I didn’t mean to break it.”
. Colors of gold and green interwoven with pure light shone through his senses, the sense of good so strong that Castiel just wanted to bask in it indefinitely.
Dean didn’t know exactly how to respond. He felt uncomfortable under the scrutinizing stare he was receiving but knew it would be wiser to not call the other man out on it, especially when Dean was in no shape to do much of anything. Besides, Castiel could’ve slammed the door in his face the moment Dean arrived at his doorstep and left him to Abaddon’s mercy. The fact that he’d instead taken Dean in and attempted to help him wasn’t something Dean could take lightly.
“Since when?” Dean asked, referring to Castiel and Gabriel’s relationship. It made Castiel laugh. The other Super was so shocked.
“I think we can make that work,” Cas said with a smile. Dean was glad to know that he quite possibly had an official friend out of The Seraph.
“May I assist you?” Castiel finally asked, hoping he wouldn’t wound Dean’s pride by asking to help him up but that seemed to be the furthest thought from the other man’s mind since pure relief washed over his features and he reached his hand out in Cas’s direction.
“Goodbye, Gabriel.” He hung up before his brother could get in another word and rejected the call that came in immediately after. His brother could be a complete asshole sometimes.
Charlie was in full work mode from the moment they sat down. None of them were even able to enjoy their food but they all knew this conversation was a necessary evil.
Castiel got up from the armchair and made his way over towards the couch, outstretching his arms which his son went into willingly. Cas sniffed at the baby’s bottom before settling Jack on his hip. “Sometimes it’s interesting to be in the mind of a one year old. Other times, not so much.” He tickled Jack until the baby giggled. “Come on, love. Let’s change your diaper.”
“It’s bad enough you now know where I live. I don’t need more people showing up here, especially with Abaddon trying to find you.”
Waking up to Jack’s fingers clawing at his face was something Dean didn’t think he wanted to get used to but the bright smile he was greeted with when he opened his eyes almost made it worth it.
“Huh,” Dean said, grimacing down at the child who was literally peeing in his lap. Thank goodness for diapers.
"You know, it's really bizarre, not to mention very unnerving, when a person's mentor act as their wingman as well," Dean commented flatly.
“You can also run faster than a blink of an eye. I’m sure it’s not hard to lose someone if you don’t want to be found.”
As he slowly collected himself again, he listened up the stairs to ensure that his son hadn’t woken up from the sound of the commotion before he turned to the Super that was sprawled out across the floor of his hallways.
“What?” his heart stopped in his chest, knowing the damage Abaddon liked to leave in her wake. “Is Benny okay?”
Dean stood his ground, eyes flashing angrily. His voice was still steady but strong, and showed no emotion beyond vehement disagreement. He had learned how to keep his anger reined in due to his diplomatic background, but the way this woman talked about his planet pushed his limits. “We won’t stand for this. My planet, my people won’t stand for this. You would have a revolution on your hands, and it will not be
He heard Kathy Frank’s voice back on the television and looked up just as the reporter announced that The Seraph just arrived on scene. Nerves settled in his stomach as he thought about the handful of times he’d been called in for similar situations. Outwardly, as Castiel was now, Dean had always appeared calm and under control but on the inside he had been a wreck, terrified for all the citizens being held at gunpoint. He knew it would take one mistake, one poorly phrased sentence in negotiation to set the gunman off. He knew what it felt like to have thousands of people watching from their televisions at home, judging every move he made until all citizens were safe and sound.
“Look, I didn’t mean that,” Dean said, voice deeper and gruffer than usual. Castiel could hear someone turn the faucet on, and he could imagine Dean aggressively scrubbing the dishes and doing his best not to look at his brother. “You can’t judge Cas based on how dad was. He’s different, Sam. Look, he even got himself a job in order to help with the finances.” There was a pause, and Castiel could hear something flat hit the counter. “He helps around the house, doing chores. He doesn’t just try to drink his nightmares and delusions away to make himself seem and feel sane.”
He had to keep the other Super safe and pray that it wouldn’t come down to any life threatening situation. He’d provide a place for Dean to stay and rest and then they’d likely never speak to one another again and return to seeing one another every so often when they needed to unite against a common foe.
The chores board that Dean put up had a few bullets for him to do. Just some general house cleaning, he saw, and to quickly mow the lawn. Easy chores he could take care of before he needed to sleep.
than a politician - you see it coming, and that makes it more delicious to watch everything crumble. There is no underhandedness, just certain strength. I don’t need a liaison, Dean Winchester, to take Larka, but to have an audience, well, why would a girl say no to that?” She gestured at Dean, waving at him to leave. “Go on, you are dismissed. Make sure to tell your family that I’m coming for your planet, for your way of life, and I never take no for an answer.”
Jack’s nighttime routine was often the same. They usually started with bath time which was by far Jack’s favorite part of the day. He loved when Castiel would help him float on his back and Castiel loved the relaxed look on his baby’s face, knowing his son felt completely safe. Lotions and baby creams were a tougher sell for the kid and diapers and footsie pajamas were a battle, but by the time that they were in the rocking chair, Jack holding his nighttime bottle, and Castiel reading a goodnight story, everything was always so calm and peaceful.
Dean couldn’t get a read on this guy. From everything he knew about The Seraph, the man was some sort of enigma. He showed up out of the blue a few years ago and started taking on some of the biggest enemies around in other cities when the Supers of those places were on the losing end of their battles. With his ability to control pretty much anything with his mind, The Seraph became both a nationwide sensation and a mystery to everyone who wanted to know where a Super with this much power had been hiding for so long.
In the fifteen seconds it took Castiel to make it down the stairs, he’d already mentally prepared himself to see Dean and another person in the midst of a fight but when he entered the hallway all he found was Dean on the floor with Castiel’s coat rack and a broken photo from his wall.
“Okay we can work with that,” Charlie said thoughtfully, her business voice turning on. “That way we don’t have to worry about people trailing both of you to try and find one of your hideouts. Which, speaking of, I’ve already started looking into different places. There’s a warehouse that we can probably rent for cheap for a while and I’m looking to see if the apartment above that one market you like might still be available.”
Castiel still wonders what might’ve happened if he’d had agreed just a second before. If he would have gone to the police department and revealed his identity to Captain Speed nearly three years ago. Would they have been friends? Could they have fought together more often?
Dean shook his head. "Didn't think that was an issue as much as the "prince" problem. Just can't get past it."
The first thing he noticed was his eyes, greener than the forests of Alderaan with specks of golden Jakku deserts. His spiky, dirty brown-blond hair was almost the right shade of Tatooine, with dots of freckles splattered all over him like islands on Dac. And when he reached through the Force, the boy was even more
He was man enough to admit that The Seraph was badass. And not just in his fighting skills but even the guy’s Super name was mysterious.
Dean pursed his lips, and exhaled. In for a penny, in for a pound. He gave Castiel his best Blue Steel and his flirtiest slow smile. Then, with confidence he couldn't feel, said, "I don't know anything about courting Cas, but I do like you, and I won’t say no to a date?"
When he got there, he’d expected to see more destruction than he did but Captain Speed seemed to have things as under control as he could. He only spared the briefest glance towards Castiel and The Leviathan before barreling back into his own fight.
Dean emerged from the cockpit, and turned to Castiel, who sat there as if he had just came out of meditation. Castiel stared back, and without prompting, said, “It was too much.”
“At that point I chose to simply land on Garqi, and got my hands on something that can take the edge off,” said Castiel. “I didn’t want this.”
It looked like a security team’s nightmare. Castiel said so, and Captain Singer gave him a nod. “It is, but it ain’t as bad as it was before boy. When everything you guard is scattered along the continent and the goddamn riviera and your crazy attacker is determined, he may attempt to simultaneously destroy each site, and then you divide your men and figure out it’s a force-damned setup. At least this way, everything is concentrated onto one area and you just have one large area to guard and patrol. Besides, learned our lesson that transport from one area to another makes us very, very vulnerable to ambush.”
It was interesting to Dean how Castiel’s family line seemed to have a specific type of power. Dean hadn’t known his mother’s parents and she rarely talked about them so he was left to wonder if his family lineage was tied to something. His mother could manipulate time, he could run faster than anyone in the world. He was curious. He didn’t know many other Supers to ask about their lineage and most Supers kept their family under wraps anyway.
Any Super worth anything knew the notorious Super was shady and that most of the dark Supers had ties with the man, but nothing ever traced back to him. Crowley had wealth and influence, it’s no wonder that he somehow kept the big corps in power too.
He knew if he didn’t answer it was going to be so much worse for him. Her voice was deafening as he answered.
“You might have to stay here permanently if you’re going to get my son to eat all of his vegetables without complaint.”
“You should stay.” He tried to be brave enough to look Dean in the eyes but all he could manage was a timid glance in Dean’s direction.
“Ah,” Castiel frowned, not knowing how to respond. “Can you fix it? Or should I just buy you a new one?”
Dean held back a scoff and a sarcastic ‘no shit,’ “I can tell,” he offered instead trying to sound neutral. The other man stared at Dean for a few moments with a tilt of his head and Dean wasn’t sure how to process it. Before he could ask what his problem was, the Super turned to his son.
Without even knocking, the front door swung open revealing the last person Dean expected to see. The only thing Dean could process was the fact that his biggest rival was standing before him with a small child on his hip. And since he wasn’t known for making intelligent choices, Dean’s dumb ass decided to ask,
There was a hierarchy of who could be called a Super and who could not. About one in every ten people had a power but most of the time that gift was usually something simple–Mundane, as people had started to dub it. Most of the time people with mundane abilities didn’t bother disclosing them because the gifts were so bizarre or utterly pointless. Dean had once known a guy who could warm his hands. He wasn’t able to burn someone or make anything hot to the touch but he could make something just warm enough if he held it in his hands. The only thing that guy ever used his gift for was keeping his coffee at a comfortable temperature.
“Look Dean, I need you guys to be careful okay?” Charlie began. “I have already uploaded the schematics of the old compound to KAZ - who am I kidding, you probably know the building better than the blueprints, but I just want to be sure. I also included all the ports that KAZ can access. They might have made some changes to the place, but they’re still using the system that your dad had me add a backdoor to. And since they’ve just got here and I don’t think their IT guy is very brilliant so he won’t have had time to-”
“Was there?” Castiel asked, pushing Dean away gently. “You don’t know anything, Dean. You have no idea. I just… I need a drink.” Castiel stood up, and got one of the beers from his cooler. He would have grabbed a bottle of rum, but somehow, all the hard alcohol he had was gone, including his spice. Dean must have gotten rid of it.
“Looks like someone’s awake,” Castiel said, nodding towards the baby monitor next to him. He pulled himself off the chair and moved to leave the room but before he did, Castiel looked over at Dean. “Don’t dwell on it. It worked out okay this time. Water around the bridge, or whatever they say.”
“Yes.” Castiel put his head in his hands, ruffled his own hair, and exhaled loudly. “Every time I tried to meditate, to let it go, cold echoes of it burns me, and even though I haven’t stopped trying to touch the Force, I don’t want to completely be in it, because I can still feel it, Dean. I can still feel it happening.
But Castiel couldn’t resist not speaking to Dean. He may not have been a particularly welcome guest but he was still a guest and it would be rude of Castiel to have him sit in silence.
The other man nodded and took another drink from the mug in his hand. His eyes drew to his son before he moved to a sitting position on the floor and started engaging with the baby, making beeping noises and motor sounds as the two of them rolled the toy cars across the hardwood floor, a complete shift in tone as he played with his child.
Castiel had never been known for being a great cook but he did know how to make a pretty tasty breakfast hash. It didn’t take him long to have everything prepared and carried out a plate of food on each arm for both of them. He set his own plate down on the side table next to his chair by the front window before walking over to the couch and handing Dean’s his plate. Castiel tried not to laugh at how awkward Dean looked trying to balance the food while he sat on the couch, but Castiel couldn’t help himself.
There, pillowed in smoke, stood the babysitter, Kenna, the officer had said, holding the little girl, Millie, both with towels over their noses and mouths.
Dean only grinned at his mom. The senator shook her head. “Castiel, I suggest you take him up on his offer or he would not stop bugging you.”
Castiel listened to Dean rattle around in the corner of the hut he called his bedroom, waited for him to settle with a squeak of bedposts, until Dean’s breaths started to become regular. Then, he went to one of his supply bins and took out a mat, paused, considering, and grabbed one of the death sticks on top of the bins.
Castiel pointed to the screen where Loki Fun was on a tangent about Supers and their ‘large egos.’ “He’s trying to make Abaddon think she’s won and that you won’t be a problem for her any longer. Of course it would be better if we could have faked your death, but this will work for now.”
To his credit, Gabriel had pulled him into a hug until Castiel calmed down once he realized how distressed Castiel had been, but the memory would forever be etched in his mind.
Master Gabriel slung an arm around Castiel and ushered him to the exit, where Castiel knew a speeder must be waiting for them. He had sent in a message to Winchester’s security team earlier regarding their arrival. “Castiel, companionship is not nonsense. The order does not frown upon fulfilling the needs of the flesh, my dear padawan. Might as well, eh?”
Dean turned, plated the omelette that he was making, and pushed it towards Castiel. “Here, maybe food would convince you.” He grabbed a few more eggs and started cracking them in a bowl, presumably to make something for himself. “You’ve been out for a couple or so hours, and I couldn’t sleep, so I thought I’d make a late dinner. I hope you don’t mind.”
He heard a deep voice laughing in the background, and someone with his tunic half on came out and gave the twi’lek a deep kiss, then turned to the bothan to do the same, and watched the two kiss each other before he gave them both a kiss on the forehead and shoo them away. The beings went past Dean, giggling to themselves as they went down the path Dean had come from. Dean paid them no mind, and instead watched the man that came out of the hut.
Castiel frowned at his master. “Really, Master? It did not even take us a week to travel here and you’ve managed to…
“Ah, yes, that would be um,” Castiel coughed into his fist to gain some bearing, “really kind of you. To make sure everything is secure.”
Castiel stared unashamedly. Dean's eyes were still greener than Alderaan's forest, but darkened with age and wisdom. His dirty brown-blond hair had grown darker as well, and the freckles that Castiel loved as a teenager weren't as prevalent anymore. He tentatively reached through the Force, and felt Dean's gold and green reach for him, and pure, pure light enveloped Castiel's dim and tired presence.
Castiel paced the room, periodically rummaging through trunks and bins in the room. “What are you doing?” asked Dean.
Dean seemed thoughtful for a while, and Castiel wondered if he was considering his own safety precautions. “Can I ask something?” The Super said and Castiel nodded, expecting Dean to ask for tips on how to remain unfollowed. Instead Dean asked, “What do you usually do when there’s an emergency? How do you get someone to watch him without running out of time?”
It was stupid that Dean even cared what people said about the two of them. Who really cared about who fought better or who did the coolest moves in a fight? Did it actually matter whose ass looked better in their suit?
Jack had pulled out most of his wooden puzzles for the two of them to play with and they were deeply invested in learning about zoo animals when Dean heard the breaking news music.
“I can’t just let you fight her alone,” Cas protested. “You’re only here because she almost killed you.”
Castiel understood the anger and knew part of it came from shame while the rest came from fear. It had been an uncomfortably close call for Captain Speed, and despite being accustomed to getting into skirmishes, Supers weren’t invincible. To see oneself in such danger, knowing hundreds if not thousands of people were watching and judging Captain Speed on his choices must’ve stung.
“What, this old nerf herder’s still talking about me? I didn’t think your crush on me can get any more pathetic!”
It appeared that Dean hadn’t considered this before but Castiel didn’t blame him. It wasn’t necessarily easy to remain objective when someone was threatening your life.
His friend was obviously in some sort of pain, and Dean did the only thing he could think to do: grab Castiel's hand. Castiel flinched, then relaxed visibly. “How far off?”
“No but, I want to. What is that contraption anyway? It feels odd on my palm - it got stuck beneath the vacuum, then I accidentally turned it on. I’m afraid I severed the wire when I got startled.”
“Skyscraper fire. It doesn’t seem like something they’d call us in for yet. Reporters seem to think most people got out before the fire got out of control.”
Castiel lifted Jack off the ground, causing the baby to wriggle in annoyance but Castiel held on tightly with broad arms wrapping protectively around him.
learn plenty from him. Mostly, he just felt like he was tasked to babysit a whole creche of younglings.
In fact, he had very little worries at all these days thanks to Dean. After about a week, Dean was far more mobile with the help of a cane Castiel had brought home for him to use. It seemed that Dean wasn’t one to like to sit around, which Castiel learned quickly as every day his house was becoming more and more tidy, clutter being put away, laundry done and folded each day, and food always waiting when he got home. Castiel wasn’t certain how Dean managed it all while watching Jack, but Castiel was beyond grateful for Dean’s help. He didn’t like to think about the fact that Dean’s stay was coming to a close.
Jack started to get fussy at that time, distracting Dean enough to ignore the proceedings on the TV. He was thankful that Castiel already had a changing mat and some diapers downstairs because Dean wasn’t certain he would have been able to make it upstairs while holding Jack. It had already been a pain in the ass trying to get up them the day before.
Right as Castiel went to look out the window to see the dog Jack had spotted, a chain of events occurred:
“Just have Cassie be the new liaison’s consort - pretty decoration,” Gabriel put in as he finished with his hair. He waggled his eyebrows at Dean, then gestured towards Castiel with the comb. “He’ll fit right in!”
“I can heal myself through the Force.” Castiel experimentally tried to touch the Force, but the connection was still a little fuzzy. The substance was still in his system. “I was a Jedi before, if you’ve forgotten.”
Castiel gave him an acknowledging nod. “Nice to meet you Sam, there are donuts here in the kitchen, if you’d like some.”
“Not often,” Castiel answered honestly. Dean’s eyes were fixated on the screen but there was a distinct furrow in his brow that read as annoyance.
“Don’t buy me a new one!” Dean exclaimed immediately. “It’s fine, you can just pay for it when - if, if I get another one.”
Charlie wasted no time telling Dean where to go. He was only a few miles away, it would take less than a minute to get there. He had to ignore Castiel’s ramblings about how Dean shouldn’t be going into this fight, that he should be keeping Jack safe. All Dean could say over and over again to reassure his boyfriend was that Jack was safe. He
“If she hasn’t I’m betting she will soon. He needs to go. I can get him an unmarked car and get him to a safehouse a city over. He can get in contact with his people and we can be done with this.”
Dean remained on the bed, and followed Castiel’s movements with his eyes. Castiel could feel the pity strongly from the other man, and he could not handle anyone’s pity at the moment. He finished the bottle in one drink, his back to Dean.
He ran out the back of his home, out into the alley and stuck to the shadows to keep out of sight. He wanted to get far enough down the road that he could sneak up behind Abaddon and lead her away from the neighborhood. Anything to get her away from their home. He was  relatively certain their specific house wouldn’t be targeted since no one had actually seen where Captain Speed had come from but he knew that it was likely from now on, Speed might be tied to their street. Their home was no longer safe.
The man's voice was too familiar. He turned away. It was too early to be visited by a ghost from the past. He wasn't high enough for this.
Abaddon’s powers baffled him as he wasn’t able to catch her long enough to physically move her with his mind like he could all others. Each time he thought he had a hold of her, she’d turn herself into a black substance his powers had no hold on. His only option in hurting her was using other objects to throw at her or getting close enough to fight her with his own two hands.
Castiel prided himself on being a relatively intelligent and level headed man. He knew he had shortfalls when it came to social interactions but he felt like he got by pretty well. It’d been a long time since he’d put his foot in his mouth and accidently said something embarrassing or insulting. He was used to being a little odd but he wasn’t the type of person to speak without thinking so he couldn’t explain what possessed the next words out of his mouth to be, “Do you want to stay in my bed?”
“Hi dada! Hi!” his baby said, clapping his hands with delight. Castiel felt his cheeks pull tight, his smile was so wide. He hoped son would never stop being so excited to see him.
“Oh! You must be Castiel,” the man greeted. He was taller and bigger than Castiel by a handspan, with slightly shaggy but somehow seemingly neat hair. Dean looked happy to see him, but Castiel could tell he was a little annoyed that this man was here.
They made their way down the stairs, both bee-lining it to the toys that were scattered around the room, a silent understanding that if they tidied up they would be able to lounge on the couch until it was time for bed.
He shoved Jack into Dean’s arms despite his son reaching out for Castiel, crying out for him in fear.
He’d fooled around here and there over the years, met some people he was curious to see what a relationship could look like, but with his secrets and him sometimes needing to leave at the drop of a dime,
