Already, his jaw is opening, teeth scraping and prodding and irritating the perfect skin of the Omega’s neck, Dean whimpering and seeming to crawl closer onto his lap at his possessiveness.
“Yes, pretty, fucking, adorable. I agree with all those adjectives.”
Their silence is broken as Cas finally speaks, “Thank you Dean. This was…it was a very thoughtful of you,” his eyes meeting Dean’s green ones, staring as if he were seeing the singer for the first time.
“We are. Oh, did I fail to mention it wasn't going to be at the actual cinema?” With the smug expression on the Alpha's face, he's enjoying his time goading the Omega, having made no mistake in not mentioning that little tid-bit to the Omega.
He's the first one to break the silence, crossing his arms and lowering his eyebrows in annoyance when he sees that she isn't going to leave anytime soon, and answers the offer for Cas, “No thanks, he's not interested.”
Once he finally gets himself a little more under control, with sharp, narrowed eyes, Dean looks up at Cas, “You're the worst, ya know that?” And he was, knowing that that wouldn't be a practical possibility since Dean's schedule never allowed for more than one day off between shoots and shows and promotions and all the other obligations that went along with what he did.
Even as he hears the plea in the words coming out his mouth, he could see by the look on John's face, his mouth slowly turning down in scorn and disappointment as if he could barely believe Dean was his own flesh and blood, he knew. He knew that there was nothing he could say, nothing he could do that would change what John had already decided for him. Nothing he could do that would lead to freedom from all of the things happening to him.
“It would seem you have a knack for bringing it out in me,” Castiel responds.
It was a few hours later, while he was placing the apple pie he had baked onto the stove top, that he realizes he can't actually eat it.
If John wanted to play games so fucking badly then he'd see how much John would enjoy not getting a rise out of his opponent like Castiel knew he expected from the writer, his intentions had already been made clear in that fucking self-satisfied smirk and clearly obnoxious statement.
He only has a second to whip his head down as forest green eyes collides with ocean blues, before the Omega springs.
The Alpha also came to the sudden realization that what they had now wasn't enough for him, he couldn't stand to have the Omega like this, knowing that at the end of the day, he never really even had him to begin with.
“An understatement I would say, considering I was a foster child,” Cas said, Dean turning his head sharply at that little bit of information legs falling off of the railing with the sudden motion of concentrating his entire being on the man as his blue gaze kept staring firmly out at the open waters ahead of them.
Castiel wanted to punch himself in the fucking face. He hoped that didn't sound as bad as he thought it did, but judging by the shit-eating grin his brother was giving him that bordered on him out right bursting into laughter, he guessed he wasn't that lucky then.
“Hello, sweetheart. What are you doing, sitting all the way over here by yourself. If you want some company, I'd be more than happy to provide it.” Alastair says in a slimy voice, practically breathing down Dean's neck as he leans in to place a hand on Dean's thigh.
He didn't want somebody to handle him with kiddie gloves when he got uncomfortable, and even with a few of his missteps, Cas was getting better at reading when to push him, and when to redirect conversations. He was reluctantly impressed Cas could see through his bullshit so easily. He was also a little scared, knowing Cas was gonna see all of him, whether he liked it or not. Something inside him felt a little heartbroken at that, knowing somebody would see how ugly and scarred he was, inside and out.
him to hear this, to understand, “In all my life, that was probably my biggest regret. That I let her down; becoming exactly what she told everyone, all the teachers, and social workers and her friends and family, I wasn’t. That if they just gave me a chance, they’d see in me what she saw. That I broke her heart and probably hurt the chances of some other kid getting the help and support she would’ve given.”
His musings were derailed when he let the loudest moan yet escape through his parted lips, “Shit, Cas, wouldn’t’a pegged ya for a biter,” Dean gasped out when the writer started mouthing at the area just below his ear, a spot he never even realized was so sensitive until Cas’s teeth scraped over the skin, not hard enough to leave a mark, but definitely enough so Dean could feel the slight harsh burn before Cas’s lips quickly soothed away the sting
“Hello?” he hears Sam's voice speak out on the other end of the line, heart pitter-pattering in his chest as he takes in the familiar sound.
“Ha-ha. Very funny, asshole. You're the worst, ya'know.” Dean grumbles, and walks with Gabriel as he moves on over to get his station ready for the shoot.
Castiel decides not to comment on that and to just take her word for it as she goes back into the dressing room, and instead he focuses his attention back on Dean. It's the first time the Alpha takes note of what he's wearing. It wasn't anything outrageous, and from what he can tell it was most probably his own clothes. Concern laces the Alpha's expression once more when he feels how thin the material of the cropped sweater the Omega's wearing, the cold from the tiles having probably already creeped into his skin by now, since the Alpha can feel the cold seeping through his own dress pants.
“Oh, Hannah? As in Cas’s Hannah?” Dean questions without thinking, though he can feel the warmth of a blush on his face when he notes the particular phrasing of his words.
“You're kidding right? No, it's you, of course you aren't. Well, he's only like one of the leading figures in the modelling industry right now. Seriously, dude is legit, he was voted one of the highest requested male models of the year.” Charlie says.
Though Dean could see Cas’s eyebrows furrowing as he seemed to think something over in his head, and eventually shaking his head, a crude smile tugging at his lips, “You know, I don’t actually know if they’re dead or not. Not that it matters I suppose, my mother never told me who my father was; I doubt the man even knows I exist to be frank.”
“Well, my son still has a lot to learn from his old man. Dean, he gets too easily riled up, fixating on the littlest things and making them seem like the end of his world. But as a father, I do my best to help him out, even sent him to see some doctors, and they got him on some much needed prescriptions that I think are helping him tremendously.” John's words seemed to tumble out, his wounded pride being soothed over by deflecting Castiel's subtle criticism away from him and onto Dean.
“You wanted to speak with me?” Dean questioned just as his dad stood up in one fluid motion from the couch and walked over to his son.
And it was enough. Loving Dean was enough.
Although most of the time their topics of conversation were mundane, he found that with Dean, these were the conversations that were the key to allowing the Alpha to see exactly what type of person he was. And Castiel certainly enjoyed seeing that person come more and more to light with each passing day.
But he couldn’t.
The building looks as if it were one of the newer ones, being hard to miss amongst the castle-like structures he had passed, with this one instead being dominated by glass walls on all sides, an orange glow lighting up the building like a beacon as the sun had finally faded, making way for dusk to settle its dark shadows over the place.
, do you mean?”
Opening his eyes and pulling away in surprise, but not before he sees the satisfied smile on Cas's face, Dean nods his head, replying, “Yeah, 'm fine, Cas.”
And it was nice, the thought that Cas seemed to have missed him as much as Dean did him, and he basked in the feeling of being
And the singer says as much as he makes his way back inside, going over to the king bed in the centre of the room, knowing Cas would follow, “You’re ditching the trench coat, Cas, you’re gonna be sweating your balls off if you leave in that. And besides, it’ll just ruin the gift I got you.”
And Cas, the handsome, brilliant, fucking awkward Alpha that he was, had somehow filled that hole that had been left inside him since John and little Sammy had left him all alone. And being thrust back into this reality had been nothing but a cruel joke.
Although the Omega had walked off before Castiel could respond, he thought he could hear a note of hopefulness in the Omega's voice, but that was probably his mind playing tricks on him. He was certain he never left any kind of memorable impression on the Omega, that was for sure.
Not that their very public display stops Dean from becoming an active participant as he goes pliant and soft under Cas's ministration, moaning out encouraging noises for the Alpha so he can continue whatever it is he's doing. But sooner than Dean would like, Cas's lips are drawing away from his, their lips now scant inches away from each other, and Cas brings his forehead down to touch the Omega's, with their eyes closed as they both fight to catch their breathe.
if he ever gave in to his instincts and let an Alpha claim him, even when they weren't mates yet.
John didn't bother waiting for a response from Dean as he handed his son his barely touched glass of whiskey, politely extricating himself from the group and with confident strides headed after the other man.
think of yourself that way.”
That night in Cas's home, Gabriel himself had been slightly different from the person he usually was whenever they did shoots together. He was still just as goofy and loud as ever, not to mention totally inappropriate by constantly bringing up the couple's sex life, with Cas finally having to stop his brother when he saw how flustered and fire-engine red his Omega had gone when Gabriel's commentary had turned to the frigging sex toys they used in bed! Seriously, who the fuck even brings that shit up in front of their siblings, clearly the Beta had no such reservations or boundaries.
His hands are greedy to touch as he starts to stroke at the Alpha, moving from base to tip, smearing the red, flushed head of his cock with the drops of precome he collects from the slit, making Castiel moan at the sensation of that smooth hand gripping him just right.
He was the devil incarnate is what he was.
But Dean isn't looking at the Alpha, even as he directed the greeting at the man, instead those deep green eyes were slanted in challenge towards the other Omega as she moves closer to Cas, cocking her hip and raising an eyebrow at the intrusion posed by Dean's sudden appearance.
But this was one of those rare occasions where those feelings felt too big for him to carry let alone hide, with the weight of them sitting on his chest, right at the surface ready to explode right there and then. Dean knew if he didn't get out of that room, which was filled with all their usual crew members with John having planned a party in celebration of their success, he would make an utter embarrassment of himself, but it was more the thought of embarrassing himself in front of John that made his feet cooperate and move until he was making his way to his bedroom.
He knew the blush on his face, making him sweat just a little under his hoodie was now because of the utter embarrassment coursing through him, hands wringing for an entirely different reason. He needed to get them out of the room, and fast, before he made an even bigger fool of himself.
The last part came out dry and almost sheepish sounding, but instead of Castiel being the one to blush at the statement, the writer saw the deep red hue spread on the singer’s proud face as he beamed up at him, his smile infectious as Castiel felt his own lips twitch to the side in a small smile of his own.
He can't help but let out a moan at the electric sensation it sends coursing through his body, making the Alpha on top of him chuckle in his even deeper, sex-roughened voice as he brings his head up to stare down at Dean with an arched brow, “If you wanted to leave here without a sore ass, you shouldn’t have begged me to pound you harder into the mattress from the minute you got here, ” Cas teases with a cockiness to his smile that has Dean going speechless.
how he thought she should’ve been, all the love he had in himself, all the love he could possibly create moulded to this image of the woman with golden hair and a soft voice and loving touch.
There was a long pause after his question, longer than Dean would like but he was determined to wait it out, not pulling away as he saw Cas’s thoughts whirring in his mind as his eyes flickered and sparked.
Passing by the front doorman with a nod, the man not having bothered much with Castiel after it was apparent he would be seeing a lot more of the Alpha, Castiel takes the elevator up to Dean's floor and in a matter of minutes is standing in front of the Omega's door and knocks on the wood before he even knows it, muscle memory kicking in without his consent.
Yet, at the same time, shame and guilt washes over him at what he was knowingly leading Cas into. Because the truth of the matter, which he wouldn't ever share with Cas, even as he was preparing to lay himself bare to the blue eyed man in front of him, right down to the secrets he had buried deep in the recesses of his childhood memories, was that Dean never wanted Cas to write his biography so much as his eulogy.
The day the mark had truly faded, Dean had been a tragic mess.
But there had been no Cas-shaped figure standing in the corner, trying to go unnoticed even though he stood out (how the fuck could he not in that tan-coloured coat covering the usual white shirt and blue tie, amongst the crowd of jeans and t-shirt wearing crew members meandering about).
squeak, immediately wrapping his legs around the Alpha's middle and hands around his neck in fear of being dropped.
anyone else on this planet. So can you please fuck the right o...”
Cas. The writer could say what he wanted to, but Dean was pretty much all he had right now since he wasn’t that into making friends while he was this far from home.
He pastes on his biggest smile to try and down play his actions and thoughts, even though he knows Cas can see right through it as one dark brow rises at his odd behaviour.
Garth finally calls Dean's name out and after giving the man his choice in song, he takes his position up on the stage.
This was the point Dean realized he hadn't given the Alpha a response yet and had just been staring at him the entire time,
Castiel doesn't mean anything by that last statement, other than the fact that it was true, which to be fair to the Omega he hadn't made his intentions known to begin with, but Dean gives him such a panicked look and he blurts out, “No! That's not why...You don't need to...”
“Now, you listen here, this is how things are gonna go, son. You're gonna send some smiles this writer's way, say what he wants to hear, let him get a little close to you, see why all those girls...and boys fawn all over your pretty face. You do whatever you have to to get him to like you, you hear. You
Castiel was packing his bags, getting ready to leave this hotel room, not that he had a lot to pack since by now he knew not to get too comfortable. The constant packing and repacking got old pretty quickly, and he wasn't sure how anyone could get used to living like this, a little over a month in and he was already exhausted.
Even though he had no intentions of pussy footing around John, this predicament was a little different than all the rest. Dean would no doubt be the topic of conversation, that was a given, but unlike other times this fact alone had him feeling weary, wasps swarming in his lower stomach, each one piercing his insides in warning.
, truly wanted.
“So, what'd he say to ya?”
It starts out frantic, and stays that way, the Alpha devouring the Omega's mouth, teeth nipping at his lips to get him to open up before he can make his exploration, tracing every inch of the warm heat as he relearns the contours and taste of the Omega all over again. His hands travelling down to Dean's thighs as he spreads them wider and leans his weight just a little bit more onto the Omega, forcing him to lean all the more back so he's resting the middle of his back on the edge of the counter-top.
He was mesmerized with how unfairly handsome the man was with those piercing blue eyes and dark, sharp features that made him so so weak in the knees when he wasn’t prepared for Cas’s dominating presence.
Cas let out a snort in derision at that, “Not even close.”
“Hello?” Castiel says when he answers his phone, “Ah, yes, Jo.”
He can’t help the broad smile he gives her, knowing his dimples must be popping and everything from how it stretches the muscles in his cheeks, he extends his hand to her, feeling immediately at ease as her freshy cut grass scent washes over him.
He hears his Alpha let out an imperceptible sigh on the other end before that sooth, rich voice slowly started filling him up once again, “Good, that’s good my Omega.” And his heart skips a beat at hearing those two words, sounding so good and so right, knowing John would’ve beaten that lessen into him even harder if he ever found out Dean once again craved, fucking
“Will you go on a date with me, Dean?” Cas asks in his own voice that has gone even lower and deeper and rougher as he leans in to the Omega, making it so their faces are only scant inches apart.
With that, Cas leaves the room and Dean gets up and heads to the bathroom, picking up the change of clothes on his way.
Mansion by NF: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF5QE3-ox4o
was the problem, that he wasn't good enough.
There's a challenging under-tone there with his last statement that makes the singer blush slightly, realizing that he must've not been as discreet as he thought he was being whenever he tried to get out of the same room as Cas or making up whatever bullshit excuse he needed to get out of speaking with the man. His evasiveness probably never made his job any easier to do, Dean could admit, still that didn't mean he wanted to be interrogated at the fucking ass-crack of dawn regardless.
When he gets to Dean, he stretches out his arm, hand open with his palm out, a clear invitation as his voice, thick and deep and gruff, reaches the Omega’s ears, “You deserved your slow dance Dean, with a date who utterly and completely and wholly adored everything about you, sweetheart, and I should have at least made someone’s night special if not my own. So, Dean Winchester, will you go to prom with me?”
These were all small, inconsequential little details he had picked up, but they were meaningless in their materialistic nature when it came to Castiel wanting to discover who exactly the Omega was as a person.
With those parting words, John turned around and made his way out the booth. Dean didn't know how long it took him, standing there as he struggled to get his breathing under control, making his lungs work as they should, before he finally made the long walk to his bedroom, where once he got there, he couldn't help but swallow back two more pills as he laid his head on his pillow, just waiting for the dark tendrils of sleep to wash over him and take him away from the nightmare that was his life.
all of him, he dreaded having to ever tell him about the hell he'd been through and the scars they left behind.
The Alpha trudges his way from the second floor labs, where he had been with the group of new postgraduate students, making his way to the elevators. It’s only six pm, by Castiel wonders whether he might as well crash on the couch in his office instead of making his way back home after this, it wouldn’t be the first time. He had taken to sleeping in there more often as he buried his head under more and more work, and with this date of this Alpha Rights case looming, he felt the need to never leave his office, feeling as if there was too much to do, even though Crowley and he had finalised most of their campaign.
Most of these are contained within the beginning italicised part, so you can skip that if you wish.
him there was the only way for the Alpha to believe any of this was even real.
Finally, his body gives under the force and pressure as his rim is stretched a little wider, the Omega wailing out loud as he is consumed by his Alpha even more, but it’s when Castiel bends down, pressing his cock in and in and in, rolling his hips in short, fast thrusts as that
So, really, what else could he have said but, “Y-yeah, Cas, I’d love to go to prom with you.”
Dean can't help the blood from rushing to his cheeks in a combination of embarrassment, mixed with mild frustration at the Beta. Dean can admit that the Beta definitely outsmarted him in their whole bantering relationship they somehow picked up instead of behaving like normal human beings in front of each other, not that he'd admit his defeat to the Beta though. He'd get him back, eventually.
Dean gives him a contemplative look, taking in the Alpha and seeming to be trying to deduce how he would have thought Castiel to be back in high school.
He was a Star, someone so unbelievably untouchable to mere men like himself, meant only to exist in dreams and fantasies, love and devotion only ever being able to go on unrequited and unrecognized. He was the picture of pure desire and worship and ultimately, unattainability.
“Mmm, glad you think so, my Omega,” Cas says as he brings the basket closer. He pulls out what seems to be another blanket, but from what Dean can see in the dim lighting, it looks soft to the touch, unlike the course feel of the blanket beneath them.
“Y-you don’t want to d-date someone like me, Cas. I’m-I'm bad at relationships and I’ll just end up bothering you more than anything else, it's really not worth the hassle. We should just enjoy what we’ve got going on right now, yeah?”
There's a notable pause and the rustle of bed springs that ring through the speakers, “Dean? Hey man, is something wrong?” Sam finally says, sounding a bit shocked, which was understandable, he could admit.
Dean lets out a satisfied sigh when Cas finally releases his legs from where they had been bent nearly in half as the Alpha had thrust hard and deep inside his body, before getting up off the bed to grab a towel rag so he can wipe the mess they both made, the Alpha gently kisses the sensitive bruise on his neck where he had sucked and marked-up at various stages during the night as he does so.
Sam had tried to bring it up after he came back from the hospital, John having never allowed any visitors to see him during the brief period he was still forced to stay there. Coming home though, Dean had felt so fucking numb, so empty, so
“Just start throwing the paint, I guess?” Dean replies, taking a paint brush of his own.
they could actually have with each other if given the chance.
Castiel scrunches his face up, confused by the question and shaking his head with a barely there smile as he responds with a shrug, “I'm sure you're quite familiar with those, being Dean Winchester and all that, people must fall all over themselves for you.” Castiel was careful not to use the same tone he had earlier, not wanting to be condescending, just stating what must at this point be a universal fact.
He looked over to Michael, knowing the confusion he was feeling was showing all over his face, but being unable to control the expression.
The words were simple, said out in the open like that, meant to be carried away on the slight breeze in the air, but to Castiel, the weight of these syllables strung together in that short sentence was something that seemed to have its own power. The words causing a visible shift he can see in his minds eye of the perception he had of who he thought this singer with the bright green eyes and dusty brown hair was. And he was even more surprised to find that the budding curiosity went beyond his professional vested interest in his story, but it was yet too soon and tentative to say exactly what he was feeling at that moment.
me, boy, I haven't heard a single thing from you in over a month except from what my daughter's told me, and here are, just waltzing on in and you have the nerve to just
). It's then that Dean realizes, besides the shoes and socks, he's still wearing his clothes he wore last night to the fashion show.
It had the effect of Dean’s muscles loosening up as pleasure zinged through him, Cas now three digits deep, working his body over as he scissored him open, teasing the soft, vulnerable skin of his inner thighs between his teeth.
That was all it took before he felt the pressure of Cas’s thick finger pressing harder, the digit finally making it passed the tight ring of muscles before sinking as deep as it could. Dean gasped at the foreign intrusion, body tensing up for just a second before it could register how fucking
Sighing, Dean nodded his head, mentally preparing himself for what would probably be another few hours in the recording studio as he followed Sam after he put on some clothes.
“Oh, you're awake. That's good, I thought I would have had to call Jo up to make sure it was normal for you to sleep this long,” the Alpha says nonchalantly as he walks up to the bed, placing the water and pill bottle, that Dean now can see is just plain old ibuprofen, on the night stand, before he leans down, placing a hand on Dean's cheek and surprising him with a kiss to the forehead.
Not moving from his position, the singer shifts his head so his piercing green eyes are staring at Castiel, that
Once Dean opened the door, however, he was met with a barrage of people, all encircling him, with one person speaking over the other, as they surrounded and ushered the singer down the corridor. Nobody gave a single fuck as to ask him whether he was feeling okay, or asking what was wrong, not that Dean was expecting it though, he was just another part of their job he supposed, not somebody they should really care about beyond getting a pay check out of him.
Castiel had no idea what it was that he was supposed to be doing though, and as they reached his door, he still had none.
“Dean what did I say! Watch your feet!”
Seems the writer failed, and miserably at that, to keep that already tenuous balance he had tried to maintain between the pair. He couldn’t lie to himself anymore, couldn’t hide and pretend that anything and everything between them was just business, him doing his job, the job Dean wanted from him. This was so much bigger than that, and he knew Dean knew that too, probably knew since the moment Castiel had tried kissing him earlier that night, which just added to his confusion about Dean’s own actions and feelings he was making so obvious as the night wore on.
Minutes pass, both Alpha and Omega catching their breaths, the lazy kiss they’re sharing not doing much in aiding their heart rates to slow down any.
He walks in slowly, but a wave of shock takes over when he rounds the dividing wall only to see the Omega sprawled out on the floor, head resting on his arm as he leans his seemingly limp body over the toilet seat, but by the looks of it, he hadn't quite gotten to the actual vomiting stage that the position alludes to.
In a flash of movement, Dean finds himself being forced back down on the bed, Cas grabbing a pillow and setting it under Dean's lower back, the Omega wraps his bowed legs  back around Cas. The Alpha places their clasped hands above Deans head and with his breathe ghosting against his ear he asks, “You ready for me, Dean?”
Castiel certainly hadn't told any of them anything about Dean. Let alone that he even existed where they were concerned. The only person who was in the know how was Gabriel, and he certainly had a grand old time when Castiel spilled the details of that night he and Dean had hooked up. But, Castiel also conceded that this was what made Crowley one of the best lawyers out there right now, even though he had slowed down with the number of active cases he took on, once he had decided to pursue the practice of teaching law around the same time Castiel became a professor.
The Omega had wondered about the use of that particular nickname, Gabriel being the only one he ever heard use it, but the thought had soon been forgotten as she provided him with when and where he should be when he finally got back.
Dean's body feels weak with how thoroughly the Alpha is fucking him, mind going blank as his body buzzes with the electric sparks coursing through his veins at the sensations that are overloading his senses. Dean doesn't know if he could ever survive the Alpha claiming him, let alone a heat or god forbid a
You know yourself best, so please do read with caution❤️
This was another thing that had changed, the Beta had become much more crude when speaking to Dean. But he had a feeling that Alastair never truly wanted him as much as he let on, his hatred and want stemming in equal parts to the fact that Dean had not chosen him even the second time around once he had made his attraction clear to the Omega almost two years ago now.
“My, my, my. Could it perhaps have something to do with whoever it is our Castiel here has started dating?” Crowley adds matter of fact.
He could be the ear-piece for a few hours, he couldn’t give much back to Cas for all he’s done for him, but he could give him this.
“No offence, Charlie, but this isn't exactly helping and frankly, I don't care about any of that. I don't care about his job or apparent celebrity status or who said what about him, I just want
An unexpected warmth washes over him hearing Dean's words though, a sense of freedom he didn't even know he was looking for. A freedom in having somebody not confining his character to the way he should be stringing his words together whenever he spoke, instead of taking a second to try and understand what he meant by them and not by only by how it sounds.
“Do I have to go to this thing? I mean, I'm sure the higher ups won't even notice I'm not there.” Dean begs, adding a pout into his plea for good measure. He has been trying to convince Jo, his manager, to get him off the hook from attending the after party that followed the first of many fashion shows of the new season. He was exhausted and frankly just wanted to go home and veg out on his couch and watch
Suddenly, the Alpha stops, the pair having walked to the end of the hall as they stand in front of one of the dark-washed wooden office doors, and Dean can spot the gold plaque he knew would be there, boasting in an elegant font;
the Omega hadn't come as an attempt to avoid him, he wasn't sure what he should do. Yes, he was more than willing to be persistent with Dean and push a little more than he normally would, but he also didn't want his advances to cause the Omega any inconvenience, especially when it came to his job, and the last thing he wanted was for the Omega to feel the wrong sort of uncomfortable around him.
voice, although much more sterner, comes from behind them, with Dean putting his head in his hands, shaking it in obvious regret as he whispers under his breathe, “Oh my god,”
“I’m sorry Dean, I didn’t mean to…” he trailed off, balling his hands into fists on the table top as he searched for a way to explain himself.
“Yes, I know. Now If you'll excuse me, I have a perfectly full bottle of brandy at home that seems to be calling my name right now.”
“C-cas, no marks, ‘kay?” Dean managed to get out between the deep breathes of air he was taking, knowing the request probably came out a bit too late with how foggy his mind had gone, resting his forehead on the writer’s shoulder, hoping to get his body under control, though an impossible feat as he still stood chest to chest with Cas, feeling the man's hand stroking gently through the strands of his hair, the touch so different from the wild, hungry touches he had experienced only moments before.
“Sorry, I wasn't sure if you were still on that diet of yours or not, thought this was a safe option though,” Cas says as he places his own sandwich on a plate together with a glass of OJ since he probably had his morning coffee, well, during the morning already, unlike Dean who was grateful for the caffeine boost now that he just woke up.
sleeping in his office. When he gets to the end of the couch, now gazing at the younger man with what he knows is a soft dopey expression, he can’t help but crouch down.
Cas immediately sets a fast, gruelling pace, hips snapping as he drills in and out of the Omega's hole, pushing him up the bed, as he does his best to fuck Dean into the mattress. The Omega can't do anything but mewl and whine and moan as his world narrows down to the point that all he can feel is the fullness of Cas's cock in his tight hole, as it drives in and out of his body, brain short-circuiting when the smell of their scents mixing together hits him, the combination forming a mouth-watering aroma, and the feel of Cas's skin beneath his roaming hands as all he can do at this point is take whatever the Alpha decides to give him.
He could feel the throb of his heart beat in his throat, knew that if Cas were to move back up to his pulse point he would feel it too, but this was no time to chicken out, not when he was so so close,
“Why were you angry?” Dean asks, his voice gone soft and quiet, as if he were seeing something new to Castiel for the first time and the Alpha supposes he was.
Dean found that baking was always something that helped him to settle down, the mindless task of simply following instructions and letting the unconscious movements of his hands do all the work allowed his brain to shut down from the hurricane of thoughts it bombarded him with, often sending him spiralling into an anxious, panicked funk that he found hard to get out of when he let them get out of hand.
“Hey, Ellen,” is all Dean can get out before she shakes her pointer finger at him.
But fuck, Dean needed it harder, at least there, where nobody would see the writer’s marks besides them, a secret only they would have, would know about.  He needed Cas to just fucking bite down and leave some type of reminder behind, for Dean to know that this was all real, that Cas wanted him, that he got to be with the man, if only this one time.
do the things you do any time you want attention and sympathy, but this better not happen again, I'm warning you, Dean. What you do affects my image as your manager and you will not make me look as bad as you did tonight. Now, I'm going to go clean up this mess you made, and you better get your act together before you leave this room, I don't need any more drama from you tonight.”
“It's good to meet you Ms. Harvelle,” Castiel attaches as they shake hands.
Judging by the number of cars and patrons moving in and out of the place it wasn't packed, but it wasn't completely empty either, with a reasonable stream of people moving about the place.
But when he saw how Dean had instantly clammed up as he sat there squirming, all awkward with nerves and twisting fingers, attempting to stutter out responses that weren't rehearsed, the writer had ended it, much to both their relief. It had been productive in a surprising way though, a learning experience they both needed to see how to go forward from here.
“You can just say you like the movie Dean, nothing wrong with having a few guilty pleasures,” Castiel replies to his earlier comment, trying to bring them back from the weird moment, seeing out the corner of his eyes at how Dean stares at the pillow, holding it close and smiling slightly before he finally moves it into position, looking a lot more comfortable.
He smiles indulgently down at Dean, “You just can't make anything easy, can you?” he says with affection, “Since I'm not hearing a 'no', and if it's alright with you, I'd like the opportunity to court you, seems my persuasiveness needs some work if you shot me down that quickly.”
Thinking he should probably explain where the picture came from since Cas had no clue he even took it, he fiddles with his hands to give him something else to do, thanking all his lucky stars that the room had bad lighting so Cas wouldn’t see his tomato red face at this point, “I might have stalker pic’ed you the other day when you weren’t looking,” he says sheepishly.
The Omega had seen the Alpha a couple of times over the past year or so. He couldn't really recall when he first saw him, but one day he had noticed that the Alpha was always just
“What if he doesn’t want it? I love him Gabriel, I don’t know if I can lose him,” Castiel replies, the rough tenure of his tone smoothed down, his voice sounding as if he were sixteen years old again, seeking out answers to a world he knew nothing about anymore.
The Golden Boy.
“Hey, Dean!” The Alpha hears over the low-level buzz of the bar before somebody completely knocks him out of the way only to have said person completely assault his Omega in a bear-crushing hug.
“He's here? What's wrong, where is he?” Castiel asks in quick succession.
Castiel could feel Dean go completely still, eyes wide as they zeroed in on the man in front of him, body heat slowly merging as they unconsciously stepped closer, while Castiel’s ocean blues couldn’t seem to help but roam over the singer’s naked face, looking so different than it had before; more boyish and youthful without the cover of make-up.
“Cas, please, please,” Dean moaned out, not really knowing what he was asking for, what he needed, but he trusted Cas, he seemed to know what Dean’s body wanted more than he even did apparently.
But his frustration soon mounts too when the absence of the wet heat of the man underneath him isn't there to take him over the edge, and with a growl he goes to stand up so he can remove his stained t-shirt and shuck his pants together with his shoes. All the while, Castiel is looking down reverently at the wanton green-eyed Omega still lying on the floor beneath him, watching as he hurriedly unclips each side of his dungaree and reclines up to remove his own white  t-shirt.
It started out with him being at Gabriel's studio from time to time, but then Dean had spotted him at a few of the events that Gabriel had photographed for and he had modelled in.
wanting the man in front of him so damned much it hurt.
So they basked in each other’s presence, Dean’s eyes fluttering and opening, only to be reassured by his Alpha’s gentle caresses and ocean blues, random music Castiel had plugged in playing quietly through the speakers in the background as the fire he had also set up warming and lighting up the room.
the bedroom, although he couldn't deny that he had noticed this was the second time the Alpha wasn't using the scent blockers he usually used whenever Dean had seen him, “Yeah, I know it's kinda a dumb move, especially considering most models I know wear those things like it's a religion or something, but my doctor said I should try to stay away from any chemical products and well I don't really wanna test how far my body can go before it's a lost cause, ya know?”
Castiel knows Dean is only teasing, not exactly believing the words he was saying, but that thought doesn't detract from the warmth he feels in his heart that Dean would feel so comfortable to tease him like this regardless if he meant what he said or not. If Castiel had said before that he thought Dean was adorable, no matter how he phrased it, the Omega would have immediately derailed that train of conversation and pretend as if the Alpha hadn't said anything at all.
With his back turned, twiddling about with his phone before the Omega hears, volume turned up just a little louder, the beginning notes of soft, soothing piano notes drifting through the room.
It occurred to him then that maybe the shirt idea wasn’t so bright, considering Cas wore his coat over everything, that above anything making him stand out more. And he also knew a part of the reason why he wore the coat was because of its huge pockets, hiding the pen and book and whatever else Cas carried around all day that he needed.
“Sorry, you don't have to tell me if you don't want to,”Cas says after the silence grows too long.
to push him for any answers, he would just
Dean sips at his coffee, not being all that caught off guard by the question but not exactly thrilled at the prospect of having to explain the tragedy that is Dean Winchester either. Although when his eyes unintentionally rove over the Alpha's cool exterior, visage not expectant or demanding an explanation, just curious at best, Dean thinks that maybe, one day, he could have the courage to tell Cas his story, but they weren't there yet, so for now he gives the short answer, “I used to be on some pretty heavy duty heat suppressants when I was younger, and one of the side effects when I could finally get off them a few years ago is the migraines, it doesn't happen all that often anymore though, and definitely not to the extent it did last night. They usually only flare up when I'm close to my heat though.” He didn't mention that he had practically used them from the time he had hit puberty and they were more than just 'heavy duty', they were under-the-counter, cheap black market shit, not that he had known that at the time though.
because he failed as a mate or some bullshit like that.
Huffing at Dean's audacity, the female Omega replies scathingly, “Funny, I don't remember asking you, Winchester. Why don't you run along and mind your own business.”
Cas was a little more dominant than Dean had expected, and the singer was a little more
“You keep surprising me, you know that?” Cas murmurs, almost as if he were saying the words to himself rather than to Dean as the Omega finds the Alpha staring intently down at him like he was trying to figure out something complicated in his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Uh, they gave us only one chair, Cas. I'll just go grab another one real quick,” but before Dean can head off, body already turned halfway, the Alpha stays him with a hand on his wrist.
He had realized early on that seeing people and judging whether he'd get along with them simply through comparing his life with theirs was a sure-fire way to make him not only hate himself more, but worse still was to make him resent other people for what they couldn't control. It was decidedly an unattractive character trait that he was happy he cut off before he was completely consumed by that level of prejudice.
Just as the thought popped into his head, he could feel how Dean’s lips became more hesitant, more tentative to the unresponsive lips beneath his own and slowly, in increments he began to pull away.
As the Beta fixes his camera onto the tripod, making sure it's set-on and angled properly for one of the scenes he had in mind, Gabriel shakes his head in mild amusement as he says offhandedly, “I swear, with how you two have been all googly-eyes over each other lately, I have no clue how either one of you'll survive your little trip across the pond for fashion week, or well weeks that is.”
Cas smiles back at him, a hint of bashfulness on his face as he says, “You're welcome Dean, I'll uh, just leave it to you then.”
And there it was, Castiel thought, the stumble he was looking for as he sat listening, disguising his own satisfaction as giving John his undivided and rapt attention.
song had played, but still the Omega wanting that dance. And he knew, Cas would’ve asked him.
When they finally get to the car, Castiel unconsciously opens Dean's door for him, and when he immediately realizes what he's doing, the Alpha very much starts to over-think the action as the Omega raises his eyebrow at the Alpha.
making it so that Dean could feel Cas's body heat radiating through the thigh that was touching his.
Though, in hind sight, he was glad for the unexpected interruption, he knew the importance of that moment would somehow have been tainted by the very thing that had in a sense held the Omega back in the first place.
“Dean, are
Cas nods, “Of course, Dean. I mean, I can sleep out here. You take the bed for tonight.”
Aaron blows air out of his pursed lips in a rush. “Damn,” he says. “Tough break. What got him?” he asks. They both know that he’s asking what Cas’ true happiness was, or whatever, and it’s hard for Dean to say it, but Aaron’s somehow the only person in this whole place that he feels like he can actually say it to.
and fight Michael.
“And Dean, well… Dean had a lot of flaws. And despite them all, Castiel’s love was unwavering. Never once did his love for Dean flicker or dim.” Cas swallows, his voice is starting to waver.
to have some sort of freaky psychic ability, because he shuffles closer to Dean and places a hand on his waist, hesitant. “Would you mind?” he asks softly, already letting his fingers curl further forward to pull their bodies closer.
Cas’ hand stays put on the small of his back, and he smiles when they make eye contact. “I don’t mind. It was nice. It’s not often that I have an excuse to be so close to another person. I quite enjoyed it,” he says softly, moving to squeeze Dean’s hip just once before folding his arms over his chest. “Are you ready to go? We can stop for breakfast on the way,” he suggests. Dean’s stomach chooses this exact moment to start rumbling.
She shakes her head. Dean can’t tell if she just wants him to admit to it, or if she’s genuinely not sure. Maybe she just doesn’t want to be presumptuous and end up hurting Dean’s feelings.
know is that when his mother had laid his little brother in his arms that awful night all those years ago, there had been blood on his lips — like it had been there on purpose. Like somebody — some
From somewhere inside the house, there’s a guttural roar that wakes Dean from his sleep. His tiny body shakes where it lays, curled up in his dinosaur-print bedsheets. Had that been his dad? Is he okay? He doesn’t think that’s what his dad sounds like. There are a lot of noises coming from next door, Sam’s room, he thinks.
Once the lasagna is safely sat down on the counter, Dean walks up behind Cas and blocks his vision with his hands. It makes Cas grin, he can forget that the real Dean is watching all of this happen from somewhere behind him for just a moment. He allows himself to be led blindly by Dean, presumably to face the entrance to the kitchen. He supposes their guest is someone who's been here and knows where to come. "You ready?" Dean asks him.
When Dean wakes up, he’s back in his bed at the El Paso house with his head in Cas’ lap. Cas is petting his head, and when he cracks his eyes open, Anna’s sitting in a chair across the room with her eyes focused intently on him, like she’s afraid he’s on the verge of death or something.
explain it to
“The demon came, and he killed both of my parents. Then, he killed your father, too,” Mary explains. But that doesn’t make sense. His parents had been married for a while before he ever came into the picture. “It told me… that it would bring John back. Only if I agreed to give it something in ten years. Demons usually deal in souls, so I figured that in ten years, some Hounds would drag me away and that’d be that,” she says. “But that isn’t how it went down. He told me, after I agreed, that he’d need something from me in ten years. Not my soul. But he told me that if he wasn’t interrupted, that I’d be okay.”
“I should’ve stopped you,” Dean admits to the grime of Purgatory. To Cas. Hopefully. “You’re my best friend, and I just — just let you go, man.”
Okay. Yeah, sure. He does.
It's seriously driving Dean insane. He doesn't know what to do. Doesn't know how to fix it.
much.
Cas has been his best friend for the better part of a decade, now. Things have changed, a lot has changed. But not Cas. Not Cas' love. It was unwavering, and had been since day one. Dean could see it now. He could see it for what it was, what it always had been.
Cas moves forward, kneeling on the bed and gripping Dean’s jaw with his clean hand. He pushes his thumb past Dean’s lips again, rubbing circles into his tongue. Dean takes it— what else is there to do? His eyes flutter closed as he feels the weight of Cas’ finger pressing down on his tongue, doing his best to swirl it around and pull it deeper into his mouth.
“You’re sadistic,” Cas huffs, but he follows Dean out of the car and trails behind him anyway.
"I sense that I've interrupted your thoughts," Cas says in response, probably purposefully ignoring Dean bitching at him for the PB&Js.
He puts the cup back down in front of Cas, and leans back in his chair, rubbing at his eyes. “So it’s just about, like, natural poses and realism? But still depicted in an idealistic way?”
“Please,” Cas breathes into Dean’s mouth, surprising him. He rolls his hips into Dean’s, causing them both to whine. “Just— like this. We can go slow, you can hold me up if I get weak,” he begs. “I need this.”
His wish is granted, because Cas squeezes his hand and sighs. It takes everything inside Dean not to react. He stays completely still, but manages to open his eyes. Cas is rubbing his thumb over the knuckle of Dean’s index finger and Dean closes his eyes again when he feels Cas turn to almost face him, and bury his face in Dean’s neck.
Cas just nods as he finishes up the last of his breakfast, sipping at his juice as he eyes Dean with concern.
Dean shakes his head. “Nah, man. I’m good.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Look, uh—” Dean starts, and he realizes he doesn’t know her name.
even to waiters inside Waffle Houses that he’ll probably never see again.
Dean rolls over in bed to find Cas already awake and doing something on his phone. He rubs his eyes, trying to clear them of the hazy film of sleep. “Time ‘s it?” he grumbles, laying one hand on Cas’ bare stomach. “Your damn phone is too bright,” he complains, but he can see Cas’ face by the light of it, and it makes him smile a little despite himself.
Cas doesn’t try to stop him, doesn’t even make a face. He just smiles and leans out of Dean’s way. “I… I know a lot about this stuff already. I’ve been interested in it for a while, actually. I only took this class because I know it’ll be easy. I already know everything.”
Dean shakes his own head right back.
Cas pulls back and isn’t looking through him, past his flesh this time. He’s looking straight into Dean’s eyes. “I see you, and I can do nothing
Both, Cas thinks. It’s both. The rustling grows louder. He considers, for a moment, running. He stays put for now, hoping whatever is nearing him turns in another direction. If he runs, he’ll only draw attention to himself. The longing he feels from Dean is much stronger than usual, now. Almost as if it’s
Cas stares up at him with those massive blue eyes from where he’s stayed seated on the edge of the bed. Dean feels like he’s drowning in them, especially when they start to well up with fuckin’
"It's alright, Dean," Cas says, propping himself up on his elbows to watch Dean cross the room, much like Dean had done to him only minutes later. He feels kinda bad for doing it, if Cas had felt half as exposed as he does now. Which is very. Very exposed.
he says, like an idiot.
made him, and he knows that to be the furthest thing from the truth. Dean was made to love. He was made to care, made to hold and be held. Never for violence. That was something that had been forced onto him.
But now, as he sits next to Cas with one of the most sickeningly sweet movies he's ever seen playing on the TV, he can't help himself. He won't do anything else, he tells himself. And he doesn't. But this? Slouching over into Cas' space with the excuse of sleepiness and drunkenness? He can do this. He can let this slide.
Dean reaches up with his free hand to press it against the center of Cas’ heaving chest, right over his heartbeat. Castiel wonders idly if Dean knows that the very heart he has his hand placed atop beats solely for him. “Relax for me, baby,” Dean says, and his breath ghosts over the head of Cas’ cock. “I’m gonna go slow, okay? Might be uncomfortable, but it’ll get better. Let me take care of you,” he whispers, and he presses a tender kiss to the crown of Castiel’s cock. Cas never knew that such an obscene gesture could be so full of love, but it’s almost like it’s not even sexual. Inherently, of course, it is. Castiel knows that. But Dean kisses his cock the same way he kisses Castiel’s lips, his thighs, his feet. Worship. Full of reverence.
Cas sighs and stares back at him, both of them scowling. Neither of them say anything, both too stubborn to break the silence.
Dean shifts in his seat. He probably should have thought harder about how he actually wanted to say this. He folds his hands above the table, then lays them flat, then folds them again. Sam is staring at him.
“Locator spells are fairly common, Dean. What do you need to find?” Cas asks. His fingers are trailing up and down Dean’s sweat-damp skin where it’s exposed to the cool air of the bedroom.
him, and Jack gets the message.
before. He’s thinking about it right now.
Missouri comes back into the living room looking — sad? Dean’s not sure. He can only hope the woman hadn’t been reading his goddamn mind that entire time. She puts down a small platter with cream and sugar and two cups of tea in front of them, and she sits in a small chair across from them. “What can I help you boys with?” she asks, and her eyes linger on Dean’s, looking for — something. Dean doesn’t know what. Maybe some sort of outward indication that he used to whore himself out for money to feed his little brother. Her eyes go a little wide when he has that thought, so Dean averts his gaze to Cas and hopes he takes that as a cue to do the speaking.
He hears the passenger door squeak open, and then they’re off. Cas lets the Impala lull him to sleep, just as it always has.
So really, for Dean, touching Cas more often has been nothing more than allowing himself the simplest of his desires. He doesn’t let himself think too much about it.
Dean nods. Nods like he understands. Nods like he could ever possibly understand the guilt that still weighs on Cas every day for robbing those memories of being cradled, being rescued, being
Dean looks shy when Cas looks at him,
“What’s the plan for tonight?” Dean yells over the music.
this dude.
“El Paso!” he hears his mom shout.
“Mm?” Castiel says, turning his head to blink up at Dean. He’s so beautiful. There are millions of constellations reflected in his freckles, constellations that humans have yet to discover, patterns in the tiny specks that spatter his body that Castiel had painted himself. He smiles and lets his eyes trace the path of one of his favorites — one of the few constellations that humans are aware of that he’d included on Dean’s skin — Cassiopeia.
Cas shakes his head, “Don’t worry about it,” he says, but Dean does anyways. “Did you want to do gifts now?”
Cas stares at him, his scowl turning into a look of mild shock. A thousand thoughts swim through his mind all at once, but he can’t force a single one of them out of his mouth. He can barely make sense of them in his own head. Before, he’d been holding his tongue, not allowing himself to break first. But now, no matter how hard he tries to formulate a response, he just can’t.
“How are you?” Dean asks him, as if Castiel could possibly be anything but elated with the man he loves so much pressed against him so close.
“So you don’t love me back?” Dean asks. Cas is at a loss for words. This is never how this was supposed to go. His heart jumps into his throat when Dean starts to tear up, but he keeps his eyes on him anyways. “Listen,” Dean starts, “I may not be able to remember your name right now, or even my own, but after all of that…” Dean trails off. He turns to look out the window, and Cas can’t help but stare.
"Sam, if we wait until morning, someone else, maybe multiple people, could die. Just because you're afraid of the dark? Come on, dude. Where do we start?"
Dean rolls over to wrap an arm around Cas and lay his head on his chest. These mornings are his favorite. He’ll cuddle into Cas and change his positions every few minutes until Cas wakes up, and then they’ll probably have a roll around in the sheets with a practiced ease that comes only from knowing each others’ bodies better than they know their own. They’ll go downstairs, Cas will make coffee while Dean cooks them breakfast. They’ll spend the rest of the day together, watching TV or reading. Cas will go out to tend to his garden and Dean will sit and watch him with a book in his hand, or maybe he’ll call Sam.
“I think I’d like that. I think you would, too.”
— none of which he technically needed to do in order to survive before just a few days ago. He’s going to age now, his body will deteriorate, and worst of all, he
“I pulled you out of Hell,” Cas says instantly, trying to wipe some of the dirt off of his face.
Dean’s eyes almost bug out of his head. It sends Cas into another fit of laughter, and he drops his forehead to Dean’s shoulder as he does. He can’t believe this. He really can’t. He’s so overcome with joy that he’s bursting at the seams with it.
“Oh,” Cas says softly, and he burrows deeper into the bed and deeper into Dean’s embrace. “This is very nice. I see why you like it so much.”
Castiel likes that idea. He can plan his own words around Dean’s, he can make sure he doesn’t say anything untoward that might scare Dean away from him. “Yes, alright.”
his throat. And Cas is coming, his grip on Dean’s hair tightening and shoving him farther onto his cock. Cas sits up and cradles Dean’s head once he’s done, letting him pull off and rest his head against Cas’ thigh.
dude. And I was drunk. I was just, y’know, thinking. Or whatever,” he sighs. “Why are you so worried about me, anyways? You’ve known me for like, six days, dude.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, his voice hoarse. “I — I mean, I guess. I wish I could give that back to him,” he admits. He does. He wishes more than anything that he could love Cas as fully and as wholly and as unconditionally as Cas loves him, but — Cas has had time to get there. Dean hasn’t. He can only hope that the future — that
“It doesn’t sound boring at all. What about the rest of you?” Cas asks, and Dean’s heart swells. He knows Cas is probably just trying to make some friends since he’s the new guy here, but the fact that Cas is trying to befriend his friends is way more endearing than it should be.
Cas chokes back a laugh, sipping at his coffee. “I’m twenty-two, Dean,” he says, “and I think a party could be fun. If you’re sure I won’t be intruding,” he adds, turning to Charlie.
the kid can read his mind, or at the very least understand him when he talks. He thinks it probably wouldn’t be the weirdest thing that’s ever happened to him, it wouldn’t even really make top ten. Mind-reading baby, no biggie. Whatever.
He hasn’t even touched Dean’s dick yet, and that just won’t do.
Dean stands in the doorway, leaning against the frame. The bead curtain falls to his side, and he just stares. “You two are awful chummy, I see.”
Cas grabs a cup from next to the sink and fills it with tap water. “Please just take a drink. Breathe. I know this is a lot, Dean. I know it’s more than you can handle. It’s certainly more than you deserve. But it’s important that you
He takes a gentle hold of Cas’ hips and slowly presses him down, letting them both get used to it. Cas gasps and throws his head back. This feeling, this right here, this is holy. This is all of the faith he ever put into the Righteous Man below him, culminated into one moment. They were always going to wind up here, they had to. How could they not? Dean had been right when he lost his memories.
He perks up at that, “Yes please.”
Dean considers it. It’s not an awful idea, but that adds a new layer to all of this, doesn’t it? Last night, they shared a bed because there was nowhere else for Dean to sleep. Tonight, there’s a perfectly good air mattress
Cas, however, doesn’t cook. He leaves that to Dean, and they both like it that way. They split most of the housework 50/50, but Cas probably does a little more than Dean, just because he’s home all day and wants to save Dean the trouble. It always warms Dean’s heart when he comes home to the dishes being done when the sink had been full when he left for work. He never asks Cas to do any sort of housework, just like Cas never asks him to. They keep their space clean, splitting up the work between themselves without ever having to put up a fight.
Cas starts to unbutton his pants and shove them down his legs. He doesn't have a great range of motion right now, so Dean watches him struggle to get them off for a few seconds before he kneels in front of Cas and peels them off gently. He doesn't know if there are wounds there, and he doesn't know where they'd be, so he's very cautious as he slides them down Cas' calves and past his ankles. He wraps his hand around the back of one of Cas' ankles, letting his touch linger almost too-long.
“Always thought I was more of a masochist, myself,” he half-jokes, and he shoots Cas a wink that makes his whole face turn red.
Dean finally pulls back to grab something from one of the nightstands --
these are the best eggs anyone’s ever made him. He eats off of Cas’ plate, too, which always earns him a grin. In the end, Cas pushes his own plate to Dean’s side of the table to let him finish.
Cas’ eyes widen slightly at this, and he looks at his bare hands. “You think so? They aren’t too much?”
Castiel lets out a sharp cry, but it’s anything but painful. It’s pure bliss. It’s like nothing he’s ever felt, and he’s sure he’ll never feel it again, until Dean twists a little harder. Out of pure instinct, Castiel grabs the base of his own cock to stop it from putting an abrupt end to this whole ordeal before he even gets Dean inside him.
person
He loves the kid, he really does. More than he ever thought he could love another living thing. But his sex life has
“It’s Garth and Charlie. I guess they got mixed up in all of this shit, and now they’re on their way here with Bobby and Ellen,” Dean sighs.
Dean hears footsteps coming toward the stairs, and he stands up and runs back up the stairs as quickly and as quietly as he can. He jumps back into his bed and under his covers, faces away from the door, and pretends to be asleep.
“No,” he says. “I’m cold.”
Cas sighs against Dean’s mouth and tries to sit up, wincing at the cuts across his abdomen. Dean helps him up, running a hand through his bed head. “That’s it,” he soothes. “C’mon. You’re healin’ up real nice, baby. Not too much longer until it won’t even hurt,” Dean promises.
“Are you sure? You don’t have to take the air mattress, Dean, I can sleep nearly anywhere,” Cas says. “I really don’t wish to impose.”
Neither of them ever brought it up again, and his father never berated him for it, so he figured Sammy had made good on his promise.
This is his life, and he wouldn’t change a damn thing about it.
He finishes up his own breakfast and manages to only dunk his bacon in Cas’ syrup a couple more times before he’s finished. Cas still has half his pancakes left by the time Dean’s done with all of his food, so he picks up his fork and steals a bite.
He also doesn’t think about standing outside Cas’ door earlier that day, listening to the soft sound of the Zeppelin record he’d been spinning. He definitely doesn’t think about the way he smiled when he first heard it. He’d just been coming by to check on Cas, but he knows better than to interrupt a man listening to a Zeppelin record. And when he walked by twenty minutes later to hear that the record hadn’t been flipped, he smiled again. At least Cas was getting the rest he needed.
That’s why, when Dean finishes his food, he turns to Cas and makes him an offer. “Why don’t you hang out for a while?”
against his own face, against his neck, between his legs— yeah, alright, enough of that. He doesn’t wanna get hard in his fucking art history class.
like this. He’s usually so stiff, almost like he’s always worried about something, always overthinking everything he does. This morning, he just looks like any other guy. Dean can pretend for a few seconds that this is their life. That this is what he wakes up to every morning, that tonight when he goes to bed, Cas will be by his side. Cas always feels too big for Dean to comprehend, for some reason. Dean can never quite wrap his mind around him, but this morning, he looks strikingly normal, and it’s a
again, i can’t thank you all enough for sticking with me to the end of my very first long fic. if you’re reading this, i love you, and i am so endlessly thankful that you took time out of your life to read my silly little story.
inky black wings, Dean’s rendered speechless. Cas’ eyes glow bright blue, nearly white. It’s too much for Dean to look directly at, but he can’t take his eyes off the wings anyway.
He’s been watching Cas a lot lately. Not in like a pervy way or anything, more like he’s… studying him. He’s always been a little odd, that much is evident to Dean and has been since he caught Cas staring at him way back in September. But it’s somehow bigger than that. Sometimes Cas is so at ease, so serene. Looking at him sometimes feels like staring out into a vast, calm body of water. Other times, it’s like staring at waves of the sea crashing against large, centuries old rocks. He’s hard to figure out. He chews his slice of pizza… almost mechanically. Like he’s not eating, just chewing and swallowing. Going through the motions of eating, but not actually enjoying any part of it in the slightest.
So, he turns to Jack and wraps him up in a hug. He uses both arms, he uses his whole
He’s wearing the clothes that Cas left in.
“Here, sweetheart. Let’s get those off,” says Dean. It takes a little bit of maneuvering, but after a few seconds both Cas’ and Dean’s boxers are off and Cas is back in Dean’s lap.
Mary just keeps looking at them with that smile on her face. “You boys hungry? I made spaghetti for Sam earlier, I can heat some up for you,” she offers. “Or,” she says, tilting her head, “Do angels not eat?”
I’ll come back.”
Jack climbs all over him and Cas, giggling wildly and flailing about. Dean’s nearly fifty with a 5 year old, but Jack keeps him young. Claire comes around a lot to help out with the kid, he’s the closest thing she’s got to a brother, so she likes to stay involved. Dean’s always glad to have her, and so is Cas.
Cas follows her out to the front porch. He can just barely hear them, but he can’t make out anything they’re saying. He rests his elbows on the table, peering at Sam through his fingers where his hands cover his face. “The
Dean doesn’t know how long he lays there, but he gets back to sleep eventually and thankfully, doesn’t dream at all.
Dean kisses him like he needs it worse than he needs air. Cas’ mind goes peacefully silent, and all he can hear are the soft noises of his own lips moving against Dean’s. It doesn't take long for Dean to coax him onto his back, and Cas goes willingly and easily.
Cas shrugs, “I don’t really mind. I mean, we say ‘Merry Christmas’ to each other on the day of, but exchanging gifts has never been our style.” As he speaks, he won’t meet Dean’s eyes, which Dean has learned is a telltale sign of Cas holding something back. He’s also learned not to pry, so he leaves it. Even though he’d like to pick at it a little, he doesn’t. It’s not the time. They’ll be together basically non-stop for the next three weeks, so there’s time. He’s got time to get Cas out of his shell. They’ll get there eventually.
Miraculously, they both find release within seconds of one another. They’re already so in sync.
He hates it. He hates even more that
Cas pops off of him for a moment, a line of spit connecting his mouth to Dean’s dick. He jacks his hand as he speaks, “Would it be such a bad way to go?” he asks, smirking for just a moment before swallowing Dean back down, bobbing his head with intent.
Castiel feels like he could burst from the pressure of all the love building up inside of him, threatening to start spilling out of his mouth and never stop.
He’s sniffling now, and he’d been too lost in his own prayer to realize it until Jack is peeking his head out of his bedroom door. “Hi,” he says quietly, and he sinks down next to Dean on the ground. Dean shoots him a well-meaning smile, but he can’t force a genuine one out of himself right now. Dean throws an arm around the kid’s shoulders, and lets Jack lean on him.
“I made dinner, Cas. Come eat. You gotta be starving.”
The Djinn easily would have beat Dean here if this is where it was bringing Cas. Dean crouches to the ground, rubbing his hand over his mouth over and over. He wants to scream. He's so mad at himself, he can't even think straight. The Djinn isn't here, Sam took the car, and Cas could be anywhere. Dean just prays to deaf ears that Sam finds him.
"I- What? Cas, no, I-" Dean grumbles, tripping over his words. His brain is perfectly clear on what
Dean lets him have it, but he keeps it brief. “Pajamas, then crib, then bed for
Cas nods, reaches his arm across the seat like he’s about to hug Dean, just like he always does when they separate. He stops himself, pulls his arm back into his own space, and gets out of the car without another word.
Sam’s eyes widen, clearly having come to the same conclusion that Dean had. “Cas, that’s… that’s where Dean spread your ashes. After we burned you, that’s where he took you,” he says softly, his gaze turning toward Dean for a moment.
Cas sighs, dips his head down. “You could say that.”
than you could ever understand or comprehend. You don’t understand the multitudes which you contain. You can’t see it, Dean. But I can. Your soul… it…” He trails off and pulls back, and Dean feels like he’s being flayed alive. He feels like Cas is looking straight through him, past all the blood and bone and gore, right to his middle, where everything else that makes him up resides. He supposes he’s probably right. Cas is checking him out right now. But not just
you can usually find me on tumblr @mishastits but i’ve recently changed my url to @s5e4 so that’s where i’ll be. and if you can’t find me there then i’m back at mishastits. love u guys!!
Dean drops a soft kiss to Cas' forehead before he takes his wrist and leads him into the shower.
The blood spatter on his mother’s face had been different. From what he can gather, his mother probably shot whatever did that to Sammy at a pretty close range, and the blood splattered onto her own face. The drops of blood on her face had been tinier, more like a spray or a mist. The ones on Sammy’s face had been larger drops, focused right around his mouth. They’d been there on purpose.
Castiel spends the next four and a half hours drifting in and out of consciousness, only waking up to groan about how bad his head hurts. He’ll fall right back asleep within seconds.
Eventually, it ends (thank
"Okay, Dean. But when you're done, you have to let me help you with that," Cas says, gesturing to Dean's stomach.
"Yeah, yes. We're already in the car."
stopped to enjoy the snow. There’s a tiny part of him that hopes it goes on all night. He wonders briefly if Cas has ever even
“A memory loss spell can kill him?” Cas asks, and he pushes a little—okay, a lot—harder on the gas pedal.
“Jesus Christ, Charlie. You’ve got to be kidding me. Who the fuck is
better.
“Oh,” Cas says, and he pulls Dean into his arms. Dean relaxes into it and lets out a breath he had no idea he was holding. “I’m sorry.”
Cas returns his kisses with a smile plastered on his face. Dean's fingers are pressed into those damn hips, the sweatpants hanging nearly too low. They continue to kiss sweetly, and Dean makes no move to unpin Cas from the counter. Cas has no complaints.
Then he’s on the side of the road, and he’s standing in front of Cas.
Dean thinks pitifully. Cas gets the
Dean swallows. “Yeah, thanks Charlie,” he says. “I’ll… see you soon, or something, okay?” he adds.
He doesn’t even realize he’s crying again until his tongue darts out to wet his lips and he tastes salt. He sits up in bed, still facing the wall, and starts to wipe at his eyes. They just won’t stop. He can’t stop them. He couldn’t stop any of it. It all just happened so
it honestly baffles Dean a little. He probably comes from a military family or something. Shrugging it off, Dean packs away his laptop and slings his bag over his shoulder.
Some days, Dean’s prayers are short and concise.
Dean frowns. “What? No. We can share it. You’re gonna be crammed in the car tomorrow just like I am, we need to get some actual sleep in an actual bed,” he says. “Unless you’re uncomfortable with that. I can just head home and swing by in the morning…” he trails off, sincerely hoping that Cas settles down and they can just share the damn bed. They’re grown men, not teenagers, they can figure out how to sleep in a bed together without it being weird.
"Okay, forget Chuck. Forget Billie. Forget all of it. If none of that was a factor, would you have ever told me, then?" Dean presses. He hates to think what would have happened if Cas had never breathed a word of his feelings. He hates to think about what his life would look like without this, now that he has it. He's coming around quicker to the idea of spending his life with a man faster than he thought he would. He hasn't heard John Winchester's bitter words in his head all morning. He hopes he'll never hear them again. He doesn't want to hate the part of himself that makes him able to love Cas back, he doesn't want to hide it anymore.
Before Castiel could say anything to comfort his boyfriend, Dean looked up from his arm towards Castiel. “You’re awesome. You’re really, really, really awe--” said Dean with the biggest smile on his face before he seems to lose his trail of thought.
"Dean?"
“Oh yeah. See you later, Cas.”
Well, wasn’t this fan-fucking-tastic? As if things weren’t bad enough between Sam and him, now he had been hitting on his new boyfriend.
the shop had been stuffed to the door, business be damned.
“I would guess that is one of the hazards of working with one’s wife… or girlfriend.” Doctor Novak said, with a raised eyebrow.
!" Dean pointed to the roof.
“At home! Where it is warm and safe. Why did I come with you again? Ohh, right, because you said you were going to the store,” came the first voice again, more irritated then it had been before.
get to know one another."
A big thank you to both
There was a fine sheen of sweat across Cas’ chest and stomach, shining in the yellow glow of their lamplight, his hair was a goddamn mess – which was only slightly different than normal – and Dean moved his hand from Cas’ chest to grip his hair tight and smash their lips together.
"It isn't," Cas assures. He squeezes Bobby's hand. "I swear, it isn't."
“Sam is not going to be happy we did this without him,” came a voice Dean thought he recognized as Alistair’s.
“I would never!” said Charlie offended.
“You’re nervous,” Sam said, staring at Dean with an amused expression. “Its… weird, actually. You’re never nervous.”
Sam didn’t say much while he was on the phone and Charlie wondered if that was common for Sam when he talked to his mom. He sat there and answered every once in awhile. With every ‘aaha’ and ‘I understand’, Sam shrank more and more in his chair. Every now and then he would start fiddling with the corners of the paper in front of him without realising he was doing it, suddenly stopping for a moment before picking it up again.
Dean watched Castiel carefully for a moment, then stepped forward, taking both of his hands in his own. “I hope I’m not being too forward,” Dean whispered, waiting for Castiel to look up and meet his eyes, “but I’ve known you for all of… twelve hours now, and I think you’re a pretty amazing guy. The way you talk about your family tells me how much you care and that? That’s what's important. The tree and decorations and presents, yeah, everyone loves those. But what your niece and siblings are going to remember? Is how you cared and went all out.”
“Helloo, Doctor Novak,” sing-songed Balthazar - Doctor Roche - in that clipped, sardonic, English way of his as he came into the room. “Are you expecting someone else?”
Dean huffed loudly. “It still sucked,” said Dean quietly as he cast a glance at Bobby. Something in that look told Bobby that he was forgiven.
“How long did it take you to come up with that?”
I'm alive! I'm terribly sorry for the long, long, LONG wait. Holy shit, has it really been almost a year since I updated this story? Where did all that time go? Writers block sure is a royal pain in the ass.
Cas chuckled softly. “And this former patient is grateful. I do believe this was our first disagreement.”
“Doctor Winchester, can we help you? I don’t believe this is your patient.”
Picking himself off the floor, he tripped over discarded pants just as his own pager and phone started to go off. Stumbling over to the dresser he picked up his phone to check the messages. Fuck.
“Oh! Thanks, Charlie. Remind me to thank Benny tomorrow,” said Dean as Charlie handed over his stuff. “You mind waiting while I take a quick shower?” asked Dean, who was already half naked.
Claire smiled back at him, her cheeks flushing a bit pink. “Mom?” she said after a moment, glancing back. “I’m… I’m sorry I yelled at you.”
On his way upstairs, Dean ran into Gabe, who (unsurprisingly) already had a lollipop hanging from his mouth. Gabe smirked at him, and looked down at the tray in his hands.
"What? Why? What happened?" He grabs the phone and paces away, worry for Sam overriding his annoyance at his little brother's unplanned absence.
“I thought you wanted to get in that one. Am I missing something?” asked Mary and Dean got the urge to run to his room and be done with this conversation.
“Ew, Dean!” Sam scowled, causing Dean to cackle, though he was glad Sam remained on the line instead of hanging up on him. “As happy as I am for you, I don’t need to know all of the details, okay?”
"Did you and Sam really discuss me?"
“What do you mean?” Dean asked, confused. “You
One Year Later
“Basketball is a man’s game, so be a man!” John had yelled and the rest of the class --save his friends-- laughed and high fived one another while John conveniently turned his back.
Sam’s eyes darted from the principal to the officer standing with his arms crossed behind the desk. Crowley smiled and shook his head, “Mr. Winchester, don’t let the man behind me stress you out. He’s just doing his job.”
Ever since they’d been little, Lucifer had been jealous of Castiel’s and Sam’s friendship and had done his best to get between them. He wasn’t sure if it was because of Sam’s popularity status, his family’s finances, or if it was simply because Sam was Cas’ friend. Whatever the reason, it looked like Dean might’ve gotten caught in the crossfire.
“Castiel is not going to die. He’s just going to be an angel, grip Dean tight, and raise him from perdition. Now, back to my plan.” Charlie swung her hair over her shoulder and pinned Jo with a serious stare. “We’re going to invite Castiel to movie night and make sure that they sit together the entire night. When the movie is over, and this is where my genius plan comes together, you suggest we play truth or dare. Just like the good old days, except now you, me, Ash, and Benny will team up against Castiel and Dean. Before the night is over, Dean and Castiel will me making out. They either do it on their own free will or we dare them to. Muh-ha-ha-haa,” Charlie gave out her best evil cackle and Jo rolled her eyes.
Today was the last day to sign on to the school's extra curricular classes.
“Oh yeah,” Castiel grinned as placed his hands on Dean’s chest, supporting his weight as he started to gyrate on Dean’s thick cock, “much better.”
Dean had had just about enough of their crap, but before he could tell them to stick it where the sun don’t shine, Benny dragged him away.
Looking behind Sam, Charlie came eye to eye with a shocked Dean Winchester who looked like someone had just ripped out his heart and stomped on it.
“I’m sorry for waking you,” Dean said, pressing a soft kiss to Castiel’s forehead. “I will tell them I can’t babysit Ry on the nights you’re on call.”
Dean couldn’t help but laugh at his boyfriend’s absurd thinking, “So you tell her that you are going to torture me? Good going, Cas.”
“Would you stop if it were?” Dean panted out, hissing as Cas found his prostate, his fingers giving an incessant pressure that made Dean’s eyes shut tightly. The pressure was gone, along with Cas’ fingers, and he opened his eyes to see Cas moving to the side.
After a lot of debating that school week, Dean came to the conclusion that he should be a good boyfriend and accompany Cas to Sam’s party. The only problem -- scratch that --
The sound of a man clearing his throat made Dean jump back, then scowl when he saw his brother smirking at them from between two trees.
“So, as an adult, I’ve kept with the simplicity. It’s been a while since I’ve decorated anything. But Sam? We go all out at his house. I roll my eyes when he makes a big deal about having me there to decorate the tree, and he always insists we make gingerbread houses and do the whole popcorn and cranberry strings… but I love it.”
Somehow, Dean had managed to keep his little date with Castiel a secret from everyone else. How that was even possible was beyond him. Not only were his friends the nosiest people he knew, but Dean struggled with wanting to scream it from the rooftops because,
Sam nodded his head, eyes glancing to the bottom of the screen. “There’s only two Novak brothers, you know. And since I’m dating the oldest, I’m going to assume you and Castiel?”
Dean slipped off the bed and moved to Castiel’s dresser, pulling open the first drawer and picking up the top t-shirt. He threw it on before returning to the bed and picking up the phone, scowling at the smirk plastered on his younger brother’s face.
“That’s not surprising.”
Dean quickly noticed the fond look Cas had been sending his brother’s way every time he and Sam got all ‘coupley’. And it hadn’t gone unnoticed that Sam and Lucifer shared the same look for Dean and Cas.
“But it’s only five,” Dean looked over, confused. “I still have an hour left.”
He ruminates on this all the way to Castiel’s room, adjusting his stethoscope around his neck and making sure the chart in his hand is the right way up. First impressions and all that. Then he pushes open the door to see…
“The Novaks are pretty amazing guys,” Dean said softly, looking up as the bedroom door opened a crack, Castiel poking his head in. Dean waved him over, scooting back to one side of the bed since he’d migrated towards the middle.
He went over to Cas’ side of the bed and tried to shake him awake, receiving a loud grumble in response. Obviously he was not a morning person. This wouldn’t do - they had to go, like 10 minutes ago. So, Dean leaned over Cas and kissed him. Hard.
“Yes, Dean, the patient you were just in to see in two-oh-five. He's just got a lingering cough! Some codeine will help and he can get back to his life.”
Castiel’s pace was languid, slow at first; he wanted to savor the feeling of Dean buried deep inside him. But at the first brush of Dean’s cock against his sweet spot, Castiel slightly quickened his stride. He gasped, loving the feel of Dean underneath him, the way Dean’s hands were practically worshipping every inch of his body within reach.
This chapter has a big spoiler for Cruel Intentions, if you haven't seen it.
Maybe this seminar wouldn’t be such a bust after all, he thought, at about the same time as a couple of voices in the hallway burst through his thoughts.
“Of course,” Sam laughed with a playful roll of his eyes. “Let me guess, you’ll make a pie?”
Dean nodded, biting back a groan. Ever the gentleman, there was no way he could deny Castiel such a perfect request. He brushed his knuckles over the zipper of Castiel’s jeans before popping the button open with his thumb, sliding his hands down Castiel’s thick thighs as he pressed up onto his knees.
“Oh, they have the real deal,” Dean promised, laughing when Castiel licked his lower lip. “Good choice.”
Castiel and if that isn’t a new type of hot he hadn’t considered…
the guy. How much did you have to drink?” asked Benny as he took the seat next to Dean.
“Just wait till you try the food. Something tells me you’re going to love it,” said Castiel as he reached for the menus and handed one to Dean. “Krissy told me last time that, since they haven’t fully open yet, their menu isn’t as big as it’s going to be... but, they have hamburgers and some other things. Hope that’s okay for a first date.”
Dean stopped in his tracks, immediately looking around for the deep timbre singing. He spotted a man, half buried between two Balsam firs, surveying the base of the large, round tree he was holding.
“Ropes?” Dean asked as he knelt down, fingers brushing over the trunk of the tree. He nodded when he saw Sam had already trimmed it for Mrs. Kenningston and looked up from his crouch to see Sam nodding, pulling twine from his pocket.
goddamn Medical Director!
Charlie reached out and stole Dean's dinner for herself, plucking his fork out of his fingers.
, thought Dean,
He pulls back the curtain and is about to collar one of the nurses to ask her to hurry up with getting Ellen off to radiology when a hand comes down on his arm. It’s Sam, and Dean manages to meet his eyes somehow.
. Oh. Can this really be what he thinks it is?
Dean startled out of his reverie as someone, he glanced up to see Charlie, slammed their hands down on his table. “Jesus, Bradbury. Warn a guy.”
“I don’t know how you can drink it like that.” Castiel watched Dean take a deep sip as he moved to the fridge for a carton of milk. He poured a healthy amount into his mug, then went for a mason jar of honey. When he was finished preparing his own mug, he took a seat beside Dean.
“What the hell?
An old man, in his nineties or more, with wispy white hair and his bedsheets pulled down, Jo bent over him changing a catheter line. They all stare at each other for a fraction of a second, frozen, then Jo clears her throat loudly.
One time, when they were younger, they had all been at Benny’s for a sleepover. Two hours into the sleepover, Charlie had gotten scared so her parents were asked to come pick her. They never showed up. Turned out that they had gotten into an accident on the way over. Her dad died on the scene but her mom ended up in a coma. Thankfully, Charlie ended up with a good foster family in town, though it never occurred to anyone that Charlie was blaming herself for the accident until she had closed herself off. It took months, but Dean finally got her to come around, got her to listen to him that it was not her fault, and got her talking. Now, whenever Charlie blamed herself for something she turned to Dean and would pour her heart out to him.
him, like him!”
“Have you checked in on Loverboy?”
respectively. They each hand him a tulip. "What is going on?"
Cas looks back at Sam, who is still holding the
Writing the second chapter for this story has been both exciting and terrifying. I hope everyone enjoys where I’ve taken it, and apologies for any mistakes I might have made in the medical terminology.
When they reached the classroom, they saw that Castiel was already there. Charlie ran over to get the two seats behind Castiel. Unfortunately, Castiel didn’t even seem to notice her, he was just lost in his own little bubble. After a few failed attempts from Charlie to get his attention,  Jo finally took pity on her and throw a piece of paper at Castiel. The look on Castiel’s face when he turned around was adorable. He looked like a lost little puppy.
“Yeah, well,” Dean shrugged, “it was him. Sam’s dating Novak.”
With that, Sam followed the principal into his office all the while giving his so called friends a look that said ‘What the hell have you done now?’ Whatever they had done it must have something to do with Dean, if all the commotion in the cafeteria was any indication...
Before Dean could asked him more about it, Mr. Devereaux had opened up a picture of Castiel. “From this picture on his brother’s facebook account, I presume Castiel was involved with a pretty little thing called Meg before he moved here.”
He doesn’t even know where the guy lives, but when he tells Balthazar as much the older Brit just smirks and tells him that the office computers have more uses than just looking up porn.
"Do I need a reason to spoil my boyfriend?
“I will help too. The rest of you, just get comfortable, we will be right back!” Charlie dragged Dean into the kitchen. “I’m so, so sorry. Sam wasn’t supposed to come. I would
Dean looked up to see Castiel watching him from the doorway, amusement clear in his eyes.
Castiel nodded his head, smiling softly. "I was happy about that, though not surprised. Dean, and Sam, too, have a way of just... charming their way in. They're both phenomenal men, and I'm glad to have them both in my life."
Benny lets go with a bark of laughter. "You betta get on with it, brotha. Dean's gonna start worryin'."
Enjoy!
night, but it’s too late now and we will just have to try to make the best of this. I will just stay away from Sam as best as I can. Please, try not to make a scene, alright?” When he had gotten both girls to agree, he took a few cans from Jo and added, “Got anything stronger?”
“Attention everyone! Today, I want you all to prove to me that you really belong in this class.” Dean tried not to grimace at the rough tone John used or let it show that the man’s voice made his stomach clench. “I believe some people are more deserving to be here than others.”
Dean entered Cas' room, and shut the door behind him with a smile. When Dean had gone downstairs, Cas had been spread out, sleeping on his stomach, with his arm still extended towards Dean's side of the bed; now he was curled up into a fetal position, snoring softly, with only the top of his head visible above the blankets. Grinning, Dean set down the food on the side table, and climbed into the blankets, crawling to hover over his sleeping boyfriend. He softly turned Cas, so he was lying on his back. Cas sniffled, but thankfully didn't wake up.
“Cas, damnit, we gotta go now.”
As they all gathered around the dinner table to start playing, Dean noticed there was a different star on top of the Christmas tree. He met Claire’s eyes over the table, seeing she’d seen it too, and she smiled before pulling the first game out of the box.
"Okaaaaay." He settles his hat back on. He glances over his shoulder at Ash—who makes a shooing motion. Ash's behavior is weird, but then again weird behavior is a primary aspect of Ash's personality, so Cas, as usual, ignores it.
Around a bite of chicken and a wave of her hand, she pushed forward a sheet of paper. “This... the entire doctoral staff has to go through this seminar.”
He took his time peeling away the rest of Dean’s clothes, tasting and kissing every inch of skin he worked so hard to uncover. Dean shivered as Cas’ hands trailed down his chest, his sides, his thighs, leaving a trail of heat in their wake. By the time Dean was completely undressed, he was panting slightly, his skin on fire and his body aching for Cas’ touch.
"It's a
Dean responded in kind, kissing him back before reluctantly letting him go. “I’ll probably check out your coffee maker, but I should do some errands today. That’s if they don’t end up calling me in. I’m on call tonight.”
“Yes. We ar ...were twins.”
"Hey." Dean steered into an exit ramp and shook his head. "That's not what you meant."
“As most of you know, I was young and stupid once. I went down the same road you are all heading down now. When I was around your age, I had a --”
"Oh, I can hear him now. But you know, he would've been the first in line if she asked to do a makeover."
“Your mom…” Castiel cleared his throat, glancing up at Amelia before continuing, “deserves to be happy too. But just because she’s not dating doesn’t mean she’s not happy. And just because she misses your dad…”
“I’m so sorry,” said Castiel and started helping Dean clean everything up in a hurry. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
As he went to clean up their table Dean could help but think that as far as a non-date went, it had been a pretty good one.
He jumped slightly when he heard Dean laugh and realized he was staring and grinning stupidly at the basket. “Well?” Dean asked, pulling on the draw string of his pants. “Are you going to join me or what?”
“You can’t promise to talk at school and than ditch half the day before you have the chance to talk to me,” said Castiel as he sat down next to him.
As far as Jo was concerned, she just wanted her mom happy. If Bobby made her happy, she was all for it. She didn't hesitate in letting her mom know that but Ellen would just brush it aside.
“I already told you, we leave him here,” said Alistair, and yep, that was definitely Alistair. Someone yanked his feet towards them and Dean could feel the rope there loosen. Not all the way, but enough that Dean would be able to get himself free.
“Of course, I’m not going anywhere. I just don’t understand, the staff said you were on your way here.”
I've never taken part in a round robin fic before, so this was so much fun! Thank you to lotrspnfangirl for beta reading, and to the other amazing authors involved for the ideas!
“We haven’t even done anything yet,” Dean replied with a laugh, turning to the side and taking Cas down the path.
“Why am I friends with you guys?” Benny asked himself out loud.
“I don’t mind, really.”
Cas dug through the tapes until he found one he liked and popped it in the player. The opening notes of
“Because I didn’t want you two to make a big deal out of it,” answered Dean.
he doesn’t want anything to do with you. Dean, you’re on the team,
at the head of Cas' dick, dipping his tongue into the slit and tasting the salty tanginess of the precome gathered there.
For the first time ever, Charlie felt sorry for Sam. Just a little, though. He still was a major jerk who had bullied her and her friends for years. But... Charlie wasn’t sure a person could see the kicked puppy look Sam was pulling off right now and
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel let go of Dean’s hands and wiped his eyes quickly before smiling at the tree as Dean lifted it and started towards the Impala. “I think Claire is really going to love that tree.”
“What made you decide to be a doctor?”
At some point, someone had started the movie again. Dean had no idea who did it, but it was a welcomed distraction. When the credits started rolling, Dean was sure that nobody had really been paying attention to the movie anymore. He had been going over the day’s events in his head and his friends had been busy keeping an eye on him. Well, everyone except Ash who was just walking up.
Looking down at their joined hands, Dean felt more at home than he had felt in a long time.
It took the two of them about ten minutes to look through all the boxes, to come up with two smaller boxes with board games in them. Aside from Monopoly, that was quickly taken out and put aside, there were only seven games in total. “You know, I have few good once at home that I doubt you guys have tried. My friend Charlie keeps bringing her old ones over to my house. I can go get them if you like?”
“You don’t think Uncle Cas wants you here?” Claire asked, cocking her head in the same manner Castiel does.
“Mmm, so good,” Castiel purred as he languidly rocked back and forth, riding out their orgasms.
“I think you’ve dealt with enough hate for a while. That can wait until after Christmas,” said Mary, giving him a small smile. “Or at the very least, make sure Bobby brings his shotgun over before you do it.”
“Fuck Cas, I want you.”
“You’re what? How?
He wasn’t really sure what to expect when they walked into the Emergency Department. Cas instantly went into ‘doctor mode’, disappearing into the sea of hospital personnel. For a few seconds, Dean simply felt frozen, listening to the unknown voices calling for supplies or for consults from other physicians. It wasn’t until he heard his own name called that he returned back to the present, finding himself being pulled roughly by the arm by Jo towards the closest victim.
“He’s gone?” Dean’s heart feels as though it’s sinking into his stomach, which is
Later that evening, Bobby, who had been working the whole day, showed up and placed a cap with # 1 on the front panel, on Dean’s head and demanded to see the tape of today’s match.
Having a sudden moment of clarity, Dean said “Bedroom, Cas. We don’t have lube here and I’m not really into the whole fucking each other dry thing.”
didn’t mind, Dean went back upstairs to get ready to leave.
They lived on different sides of the town, Sam in the new and expensive part, and Charlie and the rest of her friends in old part on the outer limits of town. Their part of town wasn’t bad, it just wasn’t anywhere close to what Sam was used to. The houses were smaller, but most of them were well kept. Treehouses dotted the backyards, toys were everywhere, and beautiful flowerbeds decorated every front yard. Everybody knew everyone, and almost everyone that lived there still lived in the house they had grown up in.
Dean felt like he had just been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. He quickly put his phone down before he started putting the chairs on top of the tables, so it would be easier to clean the floors later. “Sorry, Mom!” he called back at the same time as Charlie said, “Sorry Mary! It’s all Dean's fault.”
"It cooks off!" Gabriel protested back, accepting the can of sugar from Claire and adding more to his stack.
Again, NO TALKING ABOUT SAM OR JOHN.
“My mom.”
“Yeah, is he really craz--” Before Castiel could finish his sentence, Mr. Devereaux showed up. Or at least Castiel presumed it was him since he heard Dean say, “Speaking off the devil,” under his breath.
Dean groaned again as his cock continued spurting out his release. He could feel his come leaking out of Castiel, down his balls and inner thighs, soaking the bed.
“It’s snowing like crazy! You don’t have to do that,” Castiel shook his head, smiling fondly at Dean. “We can make do with what we have.”
As Dean bitched about how there was way too much space, Jo quickly promised him that this wouldn’t happen every movie night. She and Charlie just wanted some room to stretch their legs for once! They had the space, so why not use it?
Cas growled in response, and the sound went straight to Dean’s dick, making him moan loudly. Suddenly, his thoughts (or lack thereof) were interrupted by a loud yelp.
Dean shook his head. “Don’t be. Life always ends in death, sometimes sooner than you imagined. I just… the nurses, the doctors, the aides and social workers… they were all supportive, understanding. They played with me and Sam when we were scared, they tried to involve us all, even my father who was angrier each day. No one ever lost patience, looked down at us and somehow, fame and fortune stopped holding so much value. Instead, I realized that what I truly wanted was to be that, to help someone in their worst moments, and if I had any control, help them have a longer life.”
He wonder if he should stay and try to stick up for his mom, but he figured it wouldn’t help either of them if he made a scene in front of the whole class.
“Um, it’s just Jo. She’s-” Dean hesitated, not wanting to bore Castiel with an explanation of the reason for his sister’s wrath.
If school ended an hour ago then he must have slept longer than he thought. Which meant he was late getting home.
“I know, boy. I know!”
“Well,” Dean grinned up at him ferally, “I promised I would answer the question you asked me on our first date, on our second one.”
“So, doctor, huh?” Dean scrambled to say something before he analyzed every single goddamn look the other man shot his way.
Dean looked over the room. It was one giant mess.  There were all kind of balls everywhere, jumping ropes tangled together here and there, and the weights were all on the floor on the opposite side of the room from where they were supposed to be. John had most likely been planning for a while, knowing the detention would be starting today and he could force Dean to clean up. He must have let all his classes be as messy as they wanted.
Warning: Some talk about the end of season 6 of The Walking Dead.
The last comment always got Dean the most… It was different, Dean didn’t know that Sam and Cas were friends back when he first met Cas and fell head over heels for him. Charlie, on the other hand, had watched Sam torment him for years and knew how Dean felt about him. Hell, she used to dislike Sam just as much as Dean growing up!
, it was his in all the way it matters. “I believe the two of you are going to get along just fine,” he said before leaving them alone.
“I met Donn -- Ms. Hanscum when I was leaving school. She was so happy with us, she wants to send it into some national competition, which would look great on our college applications. She just needs our permission.”
Since their guests were nowhere to be seen and the others were all wrapped around Dean, it didn’t take Ash long to put two and two together and figure out that he had missed something. Before he could ask what happened, Jo tilted her head back and whispered that she would tell him later. Jo noticed then that Charlie was looking at her with a guilty look on her face and Jo knew what she was thinking.
“What? Wh--why would you do that?” asked Charlie.
“Cas, I…”
After kissing Cas goodbye, Dean locked up the house and slowly made his way back to the living room to get his meds before heading up stairs. Due to not getting proper sleep last night, his mom had gone to bed early. She’d offered him her bed again, but Dean assured her he would manage to climb the stairs.
“Hello, boys,” the voice said with its unmistaken British accent.
, just to shut him up. So, three or four people, at least.
Charlie slowly put one of her hand on the door handle and her other one on the lock before she looked over to Jo, silently asking if she should open the door. After getting approval from Jo, Charlie unlocked the door before pushing it open.
“Actually, I have never seen them,” Castiel said, like it was no big deal. How is it possible to not have seen the Lord of the Rings?
Dean put the first tree back, picking up the second one and giving that a slow twirl between them. “Personally,” he said, leaning them both against the wall and moving to stand at Castiel’s side, “I like taller trees. I feel like the spacing between the ornaments is better and there’s something…” he trailed off, looking down at his feet for a moment.
For the first time since the beginning of the end, Cas feels full. He doesn’t hunger, he doesn’t thirst, he has everything he wants and he’s ready -- ready to march into battle for the man in his lap, and the man who is somewhere outside the cabin, running a camp in the middle of the apocalypse. He’s doing it for both of them. He loves both of them in equal measure, even if neither of them quite love him back.
Sam’s dozed off on the couch with his head in Dean’s lap when their mom comes through the front door dressed in her scrubs, hair pulled back into a tight bun with her stethoscope still around her neck. She must have forgotten to take it off before she left again.
Cas smiles and helps him up the stairs. “So I’ve been told.”
Dean hums. He definitely can’t argue with that. “More,” he begs, hips stuttering where he’s fucking into Cas’ fist.
He walks inside the house with Cas behind him, and Sam graciously grants Brooke and Anna access to the house. Dean can hear them somewhere behind him getting the introductions out of the way, but all of his focus is on his mother where she stands on a ladder, painting symbols that Dean’s never seen before on the ceiling. He watches her work with her blonde, wavy hair pulled back into a ponytail, her old and worn out overalls covered in black and red paint. She’s using the black to paint whatever it is she’s painting onto the ceiling. He watches as some of it drips off the ceiling and onto her nose.
The gentle hum of the microwave puts Dean in a sort of trance. He’s aware enough to stop the microwave when the popping stops, but he’s lost in thought before he can stop himself. The thing is, he
“Of course,” Dean says, and he draws his knees together so Cas can pull his boxers over them easier, which is exactly what he does. Dean lets his legs fall open again once they’re off, somehow feeling exposed even in the darkness of his own bedroom.
“And your family, what do they do?”
Cas smiles and he nods, and Dean strips so that he’s also in just his boxers. He climbs into bed and pulls the covers back on the other side so that Cas can slip in. He lets his fingers skim over Cas’ chest and stomach, coming to a halt at his hip. He leaves it there, rubbing small circles into the tanned skin.
He finds himself wishing that Jack would look him in the eyes again. Those eyes are the closest thing to Cas’ that he’s ever seen on another person. Nobody’s eyes are as blue as Castiel’s, but Jack’s sure come close. Jack’s got the same mannerisms, the same facial expressions, and the same damn eyes.
So anyways, he’s in bed with Cas. Just like every morning. He has the next three days off, so there’s no rush for either of them to get out of bed. Cas doesn’t work, and Dean likes it that way. He wouldn’t call Cas his ‘housewife,’ or anything, but… well.
“Dude, I’m not kidding, this is the first time anything about fucking Art History has made any sort of sense to me.”
“Sorry,” Cas whispers, and he averts his gaze. Dean had been hoping that Cas would take the fucking hint and just leave him alone to eat his damn toast in peace, but of course not. Cas sits down across from him and stares into the living room, watching Brooke work.
Dean gasps into his mouth and instinctively grinds his hips down, whining on the exhale.
Yeah, not even fucking
He wants to say something, but she’s pretty high up on that ladder, and he doesn’t want to startle her from her work. At least not until her footing’s a little better.
Cas smiles back at her as Dean stands from the couch, his plate of pasta cold and forgotten, to reach out and stroke along the bottom of one wing, then the other. “I love you,” he says softly, soft enough that he’s pretty sure Anna can’t hear.
“Hey, buddy. It’s like eight o’clock, you kinda slept all day.” Dean steps into the threshold of Cas’ room, and he grins when he sees what Cas had fallen asleep listening to. “I thought I heard Zeppelin earlier.”
Dean laughs and leans down to capture Cas' lips in a quick kiss.
He crumbles, then, his emotions taking control of his body. He sits back with the heels of his boots digging into his ass, and he sobs. He cries with his voice this time. Maybe a good word to describe it would be
Dean watches her hands shake as she opens the envelope and pulls out what’s inside. Her eyes flicker across the paper, reading at seemingly a faster-than-human speed. She slows down for a second and she looks up at Dean. Then over to Cas, then back at Dean, then back to the papers. “You guys want —“ she cuts herself off and clears her throat. She won’t meet their eyes now, which Dean knows means that they’re probably full of tears. “You guys want to adopt me? Like, forever?” she asks.
He fixes Baby up over the next couple days, and he lets Jack help him while Cas eyes them suspiciously. Dean knows Cas isn’t stupid, but he doesn’t call Dean on his lie. He just stands idly by and watches them fix the car together, seemingly just happy that everyone’s safe and happy.
His whole body relaxes as Cas’ hand settles over the handprint on his hip. Cas presses tiny kisses all along the line of his neck and his shoulder, shushing him when Dean’s sobs only intensify.
Two thirds of the way into the movie, Cas is leaning his head on Dean’s shoulder. Dean doesn’t dare risk moving to check if he’s gone back to sleep, but when he reaches for the popcorn and doesn’t feel Cas’ fingers brush his own, he has his answer anyways. He tilts his own head over on top of Cas’ after the credits roll, and he turns off the TV. He’s not going to wake Cas. It’ll probably kill both of their backs to sleep like this all night, but Dean doesn’t really care right now. This feels nice, and he’s going to let himself have this, if only just for tonight.
“Alright, don’t be mad,” Charlie starts, which means that Dean’s probably about to get
Dean shakes his head. “No way,” he says. “You wash, I’ll dry,” he says. Cas seems content with that, so they get to work.
Cas sucks kisses into his skin; along his hip bones, across the top of his thigh, and one, right to the head of his cock. It makes Dean whimper, makes him spread his legs a little more. “Beautiful,” Cas whispers against his skin, one hand wrapping around the base of his dick. “So beautiful.”
When the bag is full, she zips it up. She plucks Sam from his crib and places him in his car seat, buckling him in. Once he’s secure, she turns to Dean. She doesn’t look so much like a robot anymore, and her face goes soft. “Dean, sweetie. You’re so brave. We’re gonna go now, and when we do, I need you to walk in front of me and keep your eyes forward. Don’t look back, okay? Just go to the car. I’ll be right behind you.”
“Yours, big boy,” Meg drawls, motioning toward the bottle that’s still fucking pointed at him.
He starts gently, as he does every morning, by running his fingers through Cas’ hair. Cas frowns, but leans into the touch with a frustrated grunt. “Stop it,” he whines, but he pushes into Dean’s hand where it scratches at his scalp.
Dean pulls Cas closer to him by the death grip he has on Cas’ shirt, burrows his face into Cas’ neck a little more. “You’re a really good friend, you know that?” he asks, pulling back to look at Cas in the face.
Castiel clings to Dean as a lost kitten would cling to a tree limb, waiting to be rescued. “You want me to stay?” he asks, still disbelieving.
Dean shakes his own head harder, faster. Cas is stubborn, but Dean can give him a run for his money when he really sticks to his guns. Which he is, right now. Sticking. “No, man. I’m saying this. You gotta let me,” he begs. If he doesn’t say it now, he’ll never say it. They’re wasting time. He’s gotta say it.
“That’s why the angels said you were damned,” Anna says from the loveseat. Dean had almost forgotten that she and Brooke were still in the room.
He hauls the person out of the ground, and he starts coughing as soon as his head is above ground. Dean keeps pulling, his heart pumping, and he has
He finds it with relative ease, even in the inky blackness of the morning. Cas’ tongue slips inside his mouth like that’s where it belongs, and Dean hums.
Dean bends his arm to place his hand on top of Cas’ hair to run his fingers through it. “That’s… good to know, actually,” he says. “When you get back and get my memories restored, I’ll — I’ll cook for you, too. I’ll make it happen,” he says.
It comes out sounding way too defensive to be the truth.
Cas speaks as he lets himself be led down the hall to Dean's room, "I could wait, you know. I wouldn't mind," and his voice has dropped impossibly lower than normal.
Dean grumbles and points his finger at her, “You’re no help.”
Rightfully so, if you ask him. This had been his first hunt back in the game, as Dean would say. He’s newly human, still getting used to all of the sensations that come with that, and he’d essentially begged Sam and Dean to let him come on this hunt.
"Well, too bad," Dean teases, one hand coming up to wrap around Cas' throat. He doesn't squeeze, just watches the look that passes over Cas' face. Listens to his soft whine of protest, and looks into his pleading eyes.
Someone like Cas loves him.
We have it. Well, Brooke does, right now. I imagine she’s given it back to Anna already.”
“Well, yeah, but you don’t do that. So spill.”
Dean hands Cas a towel, and then he grabs one for himself. Cas watches Dean wipe the fog off the bathroom mirror and pull out his toothbrush. It's green, and the one next to it (which Cas assumes is his own) is blue. It makes him grin.
Cas licks his lips and straddles Dean. He leans down to kiss him, resting his arms on top of Dean’s shoulders. “I love you,” he says against his mouth, “I will always love you.”
He wishes he could just dab at them, but so much of this blood is caked on. He has to get it all off, can’t let it build up and crust all over Cas’ stomach. That won’t be comfortable.
There are three fingers moving inside of him with ease now, as Dean whispers soft declarations of love to the skin of Castiel’s hip. He stops for a moment, buries his fingers as deep as he can get them, and he
Dean stares up at Cas through glassy eyes, his blinks heavy, like his eyelashes weigh a ton. “Not too much,” he smiles, dopey and sated, like he’s the one who just had a mindblowing orgasm. Cas had planned on finishing him off with his mouth, but he doesn’t think he’s going to be able to coax Dean into a different position yet.
Dean drops his phone into his lap and wraps his arms around Cas’ shoulders. He doesn’t know what else to do. He cries into his shoulder, slowly crawls into his lap. “Is she gonna be okay?” he asks, tangling his fingers through the hairs at the nape of Cas’ neck where they start to curl inward.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Fine. Whatever, I’ll come. Anna, Garth, this is Castiel. You can call him Cas if you want,” he says, stealing Cas’ coffee that was previously his own right out of Cas’ hand and taking a drink.
heard about it from Dean) -- were in a better position to take young Ryan.
“Dean,” Castiel gasped as Dean hands trailed even lower and cupped his rock hard erection through the denim confines. Castiel let out a low moan as Dean rubbed his palm against his crotch, causing him to buck up against the delicious pressure. “Take them off,” he rasped breathless.
“I really don’t want to leave,” Cas whispered, pressing his lips to the top of Dean’s head. “I wish I could strip back down and crawl underneath the covers with you again.”
Dean was sure that he would not be as calm as Castiel was if someone had been digging up everything they could on him and showing it to the class. Castiel didn’t seemed all that bothered about it.
“I wouldn’t necessarily have-”
Hope you enjoy!
“It’s just the same old crap I’ve been dealing with ever since John moved back to town,” said Dean, exasperated. He tried to cross his arms, the cast making it impossible, so he settled for giving his mom a hard stare.
“Come here, boy. I’m fine.”
can get more comfortable," answered Jo, with emphasis on everyone. As smart as Ash could be, he had the tendency to not think things through before saying them aloud. "Now, everyone, sit your ass down and let's watch the movie."
Dean nodded slowly then realization hit him and he choked on his bite of pie, his eyes widening. “Oh my God,” he snorted, his cheeks turning slightly pink as he laughed at Cas’ perfectly straight face, “that’s not what I meant and you know it!”
“You know,” Castiel said slowly as he picked up his travel mug and briefcase. “My apartment is closer to the hospital, incase you want to come back tonight? I could order some take out, if you get called in you won’t have to rush to get there…” he trailed off and Dean smiled.
Dean watched as Sam put his phone away and picked up his pen again before signing his name. What surprised Dean was that Sam didn't write his name on the sheet he was looking at earlier, but had gone to the one next to it. The younger boy glanced over the sheets one more time before slinging his backpack over his shoulder and starting off down the hall-- thankfully in the opposite direction.
at Sam’s they were going to meet, and it hadn’t occurred to Dean that Castiel was used to hanging out there, so of course he would just go inside instead of waiting outside.
“Okay, Chuck,” Dean bent down closer to patient, reaching for his arm to get his attention, “I know you’re hurting, man. We’re gonna do everything we can to help you. You’re in good hands, all right?”
Slightly embarrassed, Charlie put the book down as she looked over to Sam. “I’m sorry?”
thought Dean before calling back, “I hate you!” only to receive laughter in return.
He needed Castiel to say something, anything! He basically just came out to the guy and all he had to say was --
The wind whistled through the crack in the window.
“No more than usual,” said Mary as she fussed with the bedcovers. “He was worried about you. He would probably appreciate it if you gave him a call as soon as you’re feeling up to it. Your friends too.”
“Lead the way!” Castiel nudged him gently and Dean laughed out loud as he led Castiel into the small diner.
Deep down, Dean knew he could trust whoever those two were, if only he could get his body to obey him. “Help!” rasped out Dean. He doubted anyone heard that.
“Accidents never happen during business hours,” Cas grumbled, pushing himself up off the bed and walking to the closet.
The hand on his head disappeared and Dean whined in complain. Before he could pull off and say something about it, Cas lifted the blankets off and threaded his fingers into Dean's hair, pushing his head further onto his cock.
“Mr. Winchester,” the officer said slowly, “how would you describe your relationship with your brother, Dean?”
“Yes, Winchester, do get it together. Or nothing will ever get done around here.”
Dean?” asked Charlie.
Dean wasn’t sure how he would’ve gotten through these past two weeks if it weren’t for his boyfriend. Castiel had been an absolute godsend. Somehow, he always managed to cheer Dean up when he was feeling down. Even though Castiel had made it clear he thought Dean was being an idiot, he respected Dean’s decision. So far, he hadn’t pushed Dean to call Charlie aside from the occasional, “If you miss her so much, why don’t you just call her?” or “How is them being friends any different then the two of us being friends? Sam didn’t like it when I started hanging out with
“We are only friends, sir,” explained Castiel with a small smile on his face and Dean wanted so bad to believe him. Taking solitude in drawing, Dean went back to work on the devil's trap.
“Spy on teenagers? Ohh I can teach you so much more than just that.” With that, Frank Devereaux went back to teaching what he had planned for the day and forgot all about Castiel, at least for the time being.
“Yes, I thought so,” Balthazar frowned at him. “I think you need to start taking your own advice… doctor, and concentrate on getting better.”
“Yes, well, considering I am the consulting doctor on staff and teach most of the residents downstairs...” He paused a moment, smiling slightly at the look of surprise on Dean’s face. “It's Castiel when I'm not on duty.”
She picked ‘The Hobbit’ back up and found the place she was on, that way it at least looked like she was doing something else then listening in on Sam’s conversation. The whole town knew that Sam and John didn’t always agree on things, but up until now Charlie had always thought that Sam and his mom got along. But now that Charlie thought about it, she could count on one hand the times she had seen Sam with his mom.
“Sam. His best friend is Sam Winchester.”
Castiel nodded, resting his head against Dean’s shoulder and closing his eyes. “You going home tonight?” he asked, smiling as Dean turned in his arms.
Cas turned to him with a blinding smile. “Good morning, Dean. I hope you don’t mind me cooking without your permission.”
“I’m trying to find something to wear!” Dean replied, trying not to sound as exasperated as he felt. “You can either help me out or get out. Your choice.”
Charlie picked her book back up and continued reading. Just as Charlie was flipping to the next page, the stool in front of her moved and someone sat down on it.
. God, he hated that word. If he could choose, he would erase that word from the dictionary. Nothing good ever follows the word but; I brought pie,
Normally that would at least bring a small smile on his face but after the day he had, Dean couldn’t muster the energy to even smile a little bit.
over at Tumblr).
Welp, the chapter is up. With this chapter I bring to you some smut, with a side on fluff and an interrupting moose.
This is why I always talk to you about other people! You don’t go tell people what I just told you. You need to say goodbye to Benny before I kill him tomorrow.
Cas closes the distance between them and goes down to his knees. He wraps his right hand around the back of Dean's neck and pulls him in for a searing, deep kiss. "Hello, Dean," he whispers against Dean's lips.
“Er… sorry. This is for Doctor Novak.” Dean lifted the cups away from Jo, as her face fell. He turned around and started towards room two-oh-five.
“Secondly,” Dean pushed forward, placing a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and leading him forward. He hoped it wasn’t his imagination that the other man leaned back into his touch as he followed the lead. “You shouldn’t decorate it on your own. I’m not sure when your family is actually coming, but if you can, you should wait for your niece. She will be ecstatic to be able to decorate with you.”
, he had a date with Castiel! A
Sam raises an eyebrow. “...What?”
“Well, you’re obviously still distraught so I think you should head home early. In fact, I’d leave now if I were you.” There’s a mischievous spark in Balthazar’s eyes and Dean fights his temptation to tell the guy not to be such a goddamn asshole. But being given permission to head home early, via the home of the guy he is totally
Because of Charlie's reaction, the rest of the group all sat up to try to see who Charlie was taking to. Realizing what they were trying to do, Charlie made sure to not open the door wide enough for Dean to see that his brother standing there with Castiel and Gabriel.
“Yes. With cream and honey.”
Dean didn’t buy it for one second that Sam didn’t care whether or not he and his friends showed up. Sam had always made sure Dean knew he wasn’t welcomed at the Winchester’s house and he couldn’t imagine that had changed. What he
“Oh my god! Did you just-- on my bed?” asked Charlie.
Dean ended up having to half drag Castiel away from the table and Castiel kept looking back at the dirty dishes left there, all the while asking if Dean was sure he didn’t want any help cleaning up.
Before Castiel could answer, his phone starting ringing. Seeing it was Dean’s mother, he wasted no time in answering. “Hi, Mary. Are you here yet?”
“Have you seen your car? I think that sound is the least of your problems because I can fix that, everything else with your car is a lost cause. I won’t be able to let other people see me near it. They might think you’re my pimp or something,” answered Dean unable to keep himself from laughing.
. C'mon, Cas, sing with me!"
“It’s not that bad, trust me. Besides, we have a rule like that for everybody. Charlie can’t talk about geek stuff for more than 3 hours, Jo can’t talk about bar fights, Ash can’t talk computer stuff and Benny can’t talk about pirate movies for more than two hours. That is, unless the rest of us that have to listen to it get something out of it. Fair warning, you’re most likely going to get one about bees.”
“Don’t be jealous,” he snipped, though Sam’s laugh only made him flush darker.
“I know and you will get to do them eventually but as of tomorrow you will have to wait until I win Charlie over. Alright?”
“How the hell did you find this place?” asked Dean as he and Castiel walked up to it.
“No, I’m not. He’ll get back to me when he has the time,” said Mr. Grumpy. “Can we leave now? There’s nothing here!”
have invited Castiel if I had known he would bring Sam,” started Charlie as soon as she closed the door.
“Your secret is safe with me,” Castiel assured as he took a step closer to the taller tree and ran his fingers across the needles. “Jimmy loved the taller trees too,” he whispered, “and like your brother, he went all out at Christmas. All of us always went to his house.”
He rolls his bottom lip over his teeth and bites down. "What if he hates it?"
The second reason was their "kids", Jo and Dean. Dean, of course, wasn't technically theirs, but Bobby had kind of taken it upon himself to be a father figure to Dean. When John and Bobby had been young, they had been best friends, almost like brothers. They had stayed that way until John walked away from Mary, and in turn Bobby for continuing a friendship with her. Since Bobby had gotten close to Mary when she and John had been dating, he considered her family. And you didn’t walk away from family. He took it upon himself to help her whenever she or Dean needed anything and because of that, Dean figured that Bobby felt like he would let them down somehow if he got together with Ellen.
.” Castiel made sure to drop his voice an octave or two as he said Dean’s name, and he was rewarded for that effort with a barely audible gasp.
“Well,” Sam dropped his hand and shrugged off her snub, “I think Miss Hanscum keeps giving me the most difficult assignment on purpose, just so she can give me a bad grade.”
All Dean could do was nod in to his coffee.
"If you guys had been any louder, you could have probably woken the dead. I do have a question though. Which one of you is better with his mouth? Because we heard you both equally loudly."
, you are going to show up! Take your stupid geek squad with you, I don’t care. Just get Cas to come!”
your regular gym class. The ones not on the list are still required to show up for their regular gym class. Am I clear?"
Sam smiles, a relieved smile shining through tearful worry. “Tell me.”
Ignoring the “Hey, I resent that!” from Dean, Mary cast a look over to her son before adding, “And he’s not getting the last pie. He’s in trouble for skipping.”
The first time the whole gang tried to hang out without Charlie, Dean had felt so bad she was being left out and had no one to hang out with that he caved and decided to call her. It wasn’t until Dean got her voicemail that Castiel told him Sam had been planning on taking her to a movie that night, which put Dean back to square one.
There was no doubt in Dean’s mind now it was definitely for
“Yeah, I bet that’s what everyone is saying about me,” said Dean sarcastically before he remembered something. “Wait, what are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be in school?”
Castiel snorted but reached for Dean’s discarded jeans, finding the small foil packet of lube. He tossed it onto the blanket before crawling back up Dean’s body.
Dean slipped down the wall he had been standing next to and closed his eyes. If he remembered correctly, it was supposed to start raining right about now and after meeting with Charlie in the library for his essay it would be dark. He was in no state to walk home, tired and wet, in only a t-shirt and shorts.
Dean wondered if he had succeeded in making every one forget about Charlie’s messages, but if he knew his friends they were just having fun right now and when he met them in school on Monday he’d never hear the end of it. But that was Monday's problem, right now, all he wanted was to joke around with his friends.
Dean gave his arm a squeeze, then moved to the end of the aisle to meet his brother. He followed Sam over to a red minivan, the tree already netted and laying on the pavement beside the car.
Dean didn’t realize how upset he had gotten until a hand was wrapped around the wrist he was using to draw and he heard Castiel’s quiet voice, “You’re gonna ruin it.”
“Charlie is friends with Sam. Talking about something they’re working on together… I caught them hugging and everything,” said Dean as he sat down in his usual seat. Not in the mood to deal with his brother right now, Dean scanned the room trying to find him so he could avoid him. Thankfully, Sam and his group of cronies were nowhere to be seen.
Turned out he was right, the pile next to her was all games she wanted to try. Making their way back towards the Impala with an armful of board games in the snow was easier said than done and caused Dean to almost fall a couple of times. The last time had Claire in tears from laughter that Dean soon joined in.
There was a beat of silence and then, "Umm, Coach? I think you forgot to say my name..." Sam called out, almost nervously if Dean didn’t know any better, which stopped John who was getting ready to argue with Coach Turner.
“Are you two just going to stand around on your phones all day? Or do you want to go home any time soon?” asked Mary from the other side of the room where she was cleaning the counter.
“Consider it pay back for letting me sleep on the couch, you have no idea what Gabriel gets up to in the morning.”
“Nurse Harvelle? I wouldn’t want to get on her wrong side.”
, not like the usually confident man she was used to seeing at school.
“What? No it’s not!”
She knew without a doubt that it was John’s office. His certificates and awards proudly hung up in the middle of the wall. A tall oak bookcase was lined with books and photos of Sam, alone or with his dad. Come to think of it, it might be the first photos Charlie had ever seen of Sam in the house.
“I am too,” Castiel answered back, just as soft. The air between them grew heavy again, hot, and there was a moment’s pause before Dean surged up and captured Castiel’s lips again. He licked inside the warm, wet heat of Cas’ mouth, his hands trailing from Castiel’s shoulders down to his hips, and Castiel reached behind himself to reach for Dean’s cock.
In all honesty, Dean had no idea what Charlie was referring to, but he had seen her dig up stuff that shouldn’t be possible so he was not about to take the chance that she had some dirt on him.
As he bent to pick it up, he saw it was a brown leather journal with a sticky note on it. All the note said was
And he meant every word of that.
“I don’t think you have to do anything, but I’m not sure. You’re the first one to join after we founded it. Charlie might come up with something for you to do, but I promise I won’t let her decide on something too crazy.” Knowing Charlie, Dean knew that it might even end up worse for him than it would for Castiel.
“Gee, I wonder who he’s talking about,” whispered Benny and Jo and Dean couldn't help but chuckle.
trees his younger brother had ordered.
“Sure,” she said as she put her book down and accepted the armful of stuff. “But why do you have it?”
Having to bend down over and over again and then walk back and forth was starting to take it’s toll on Dean who was already tired and hurting. But Dean kept going, mainly because he didn’t want John to have one more thing to hold over him. As much as this sucked, Dean was thankful that John left him alone. The only exception was when there were fifteen minutes left of detention and John came out of his office just to tell Dean that he better not forget to wipe the benches too.
Dean hadn't been in a hurry to sign up for the extra gym class, especially since the information board had been surrounded all week. So Dean decided to wait until after school when everyone was gone. He knew he would get in whether he was on top of the list or the bottom. The school coach had been asking him for a while to join any school sports team that he wanted; apparently he was a natural in every sport the school had to offer.
He didn’t think any of them believed a word of what he was saying, so it didn’t surprise him all that much when Benny said, “No man, I have no interest in being your third wheel.”
“I can just go get the ones I have, then we can decide,” said Castiel as he got up from the couch. “Dean can you come help me bring them in?”
“Well then, thank you,
Before Dean could stop him, Castiel raised his hand and interrupted, “I’m not on any social media platforms, Mr. Devereaux.”
*****
Fair warning, Charlie is going to kill you for spoiling the flash mob plan.
The only person that Dean could think of that wasn’t in his phone was Castiel, but he hadn’t even given Cas his number! Of course, there was always the possibility that his friends had told him...
- Supernatural -
Dean smiled back, his stomach flipping at Castiel's genuine concern. “A little bit, yes. But if you want to, we can exchange Dads. I’m sure Sam would much rather have you as a brother then me…” Dean gave a small shrug and tried to brush off the pain in his voice by smirking and adding, “But I’m keeping my last name!”
Dean flushed a deep scarlet, looking away from the spitfire standing in front of him. He sat down in the chair behind the desk and opened another chart.
Dean nodded slowly and then offered, “Wanna talk about it?”
A hand ran back through his hair gently. “Dean, we need to get you to the car. Do you think you can stand?” asked Castiel.
Castiel laughed as he wrapped his arms around Dean and just barely kept them both from crashing to the floor. As Dean righted himself, Castiel took a moment to look around. The walls were a forest green and in the center of the room against the wall was a large, king size sleigh bed. The wooden headboard was a deep rich mahogany, paired with the nightstands on either side of the bed, and the comforter matched the walls.
“Keep ‘em on! We’re going out,” Dean said as he pushed off the couch, smiling at Castiel’s confused look. He met Cas at the door and kissed him hello before putting on his boots and grabbing the keys to the Impala.
Sam nodded and Castiel blew out a breath. Luc had pissed him off a time or two, Castiel himself had even threatened to stop talking to his brother more than once, but it never lasted longer than a week at most. He’d only caught bits and pieces of the story from Luc’s recounting and from bits of conversation when Sam’s left his brother voicemails, but seeing how distraught Sam was was good enough for him to never threaten not speaking to his brother again.
“So I’m going to ask Luc to move in with me.”
“Of course,” Dean answered, drying his hands from where he’d been washing the few dishes they’d created before laying them over Cas’. “I really liked Claire. She’s a freaking firecracker.”
over att Tumblr) for all the help. The story is so much better because of them.
you can start cleaning this room by putting everything back where it’s supposed to be,” John snapped before he stormed into the coach’s office.
“Oh, you mean the seminar I organized?” Castiel said, in an offended tone. “I have every intention of attending.”
The next hour and half was spent watching Bobby rewinding and shouting at the TV. When Dean scored the final goal, he had jumped up from the couch and in all the commotion, emptied his beer glass all over Dean and Mary.
“What… did I just miss?” Castiel asked as he slid them onto the coffee table, looking between the three of them.
“I didn’t want to accidentally hurt you in my sleep,” said his mom through a groan as she stretched her back.
“Mmm, I wish that, too,” Dean agreed, hugging Castiel closer as if that would change the doctor’s mind. “Adulting sucks.”
Dean looked at the clock noting it was twenty to seven, his heart skipping a beat when he realized she was right. The two hours he had to get ready had gone by in no time. So of course, the next twenty minutes seemed to drag on forever.
“Again, who are you?” said Dean with the biggest smile on his face.
“Do you need help moving to the sofa?” asked Mary, already getting ready to put the tray back on the bed.
“I’d love a round three, too, Cas, but we gotta go. Pile-up on the freeway and body count is going up. They were 10 minutes out … 6 minutes ago.”
“Where do you want to go?” Castiel asked as Dean leaned forward, opening the passenger door. Castiel hesitated, admiring the Impala and running his fingers gently against her frame before slipping into the seat.
(See the end of the chapter for
A part of Dean couldn’t help but think that the class need to hear about the dangers of unprotected sex in order to save some poor kid from growing up like he did, but John was not the right person for the job. It also did not mean that he had to sit there and listen to John talk about how Dean being born was the worst thing that ever happened to him and Mary.
All kudos and comments are loved!
Unable to handle any more teasing, Dean quickly reached behind Cas to untie the apron. At the same time Cas lifted him up on to the counter and pulled down his sweats with a swift jerk, making his erection sap against Dean’s stomach and jerk wildly at the sensation.
Before Dean could even open his mouth, Lucifer added, “I can’t believe the fag actually came.”
Dean and his friends had come up with two reasons for why Bobby and Ellen hadn't gotten together yet. The first one was their past loved ones. Bobby's wife had passed away years ago and Ellen's husband had died in a hunting accident when Jo was young. She’d been so young she could hardly remember him. Even though years had passed, both of them were still having trouble letting go and moving forward.
Next chapter will be in two weeks by 67_black_impala!!! ♥
Slowly, Dean’s hands drifted down Castiel’s back, and he cupped the other man’s ass, rocking their hips together, swallowing down the small gasp that fell from Castiel’s lips. Dean’s fingers brushed up beneath Cas’ shirt, his skin hot to touch, and Cas’ small nod before he pushed forward, running his hands up the corded muscle of Castiel’s back and pulling his shirt off as he went.
“Dad, it won’t fit,” interrupted Ronald from the floor were he and Claire had been trying to puzzle together a Star Wars Lego set he’d gotten from his parents.
Castiel paused and scooted down in the bench seat, leaning his head back and turning to keep eye contact with Dean. “And I get it, you’re hurt and angry and you need time. Just... do me a favor and try to not let it ruin a years long friendship?”
Right here, right now, his attention could only be on John.
But Dean's unexpected acquiescence to their date had left him without much clue what their first date should be, where they should go, what they should do.
Somewhere close to his heart, Dean can feel a rattling inside his chest, a reminiscence of the heartbreak he once felt when he knew it was over for them. Their relationship had been too young, too fragile, too weak for what the world had in store for them. Dean still felt that stab of guilt at knowing that being with him had caused Lisa a lot more trouble than she let on, knowing that a lot of what went wrong was his fault, his stupidity at thinking he could keep up the charade of being normal, being like everybody else, just having a career a lot sooner, that was all.
of the younger man, and he knew the singer could feel his own very obvious arousal too. It wasn’t enough to get him beyond half-mast, but fuck, the build-up was just as sweet.
He could be that, he could be Cas's friend, it was enough. It had to be enough.
And as he sat there, alone in the dark dressing room, body shaking from the sobs that started to wrack his body, after having just met hundreds of people who had told him how much they loved him, Dean never felt more unloved and alone in his sorry excuse of a life he was living.
Things hadn't always been like this between them, they had actually been pretty close growing up, bound to be with all the shit they went through together. But when Sam hit high school, he started to become more vocal about John's choice in parenting skills and their constant moving around, with Dean always ending up in the middle of their frequent fights, trying to smooth things over. Dean knew Sam hated the times he would inevitably defend John, making it seem like he was taking John's side by not always agreeing with whatever Sammy had been arguing about with John, he could never understand how Dean was okay with any of it, and subsequently shut him out at the end too, even if it was never that simple for Dean. It was ironic that John always criticized him on that very fact as well, that he refused to speak out like Sam did, which just left Dean fighting a battle he couldn't ever hope to win.
With that thought being the push he needed to get the vague bubbling of excitement out of his system, he finally raps his knuckles on the door, taking a step back and bouncing on the balls of his feet as the last of his over-anxious energy seeks an escape.
But Cas seemed to pick up on what he was trying to get out as the words were caught up and mangled before they could make it out of his mouth, responding to the question he was trying to get at, “No, they’re not dead,” there was a beat of silence after that revelation.
He bites down hard.
He was the first to break eye contact, turning around, opening the door he hadn’t even realized he had been slightly backed into and thinking of the picture they must have made if a complete stranger saw them like this.
He could give it to his mother, she was good at that, so much so that even he had believed her words for the longest time, had participated in her rallies and speeches, right up until that night his baby brother had come to his room, dark hair tousled and blue eyes watery, looking broken and sad as he asked him why their mother hated him so much.
