Very quickly I am learning that he becomes much worse when too much focus is placed on him.
I take a breath.
''Relationship subjects. Not just friendship, though friendship can be complicated enough. But sexual relationships, perhaps. You've seen me date women, make time for them, try to work with others to find a partner for an...activity that you really don't get the point of, or at least don't understand the attraction for, and I think maybe that's been making you feel isolated or perhaps even more different. Or am I completely wrong?''
''I have no idea what his personal history is with regards to psychiatry. But if he's struggled with any similar issues in the past - or anything requiring psychiatric services - the situation could be more complicated for that reason alone. Many individuals hesitant to receive treatment are partly hesitant due to negative previous encounters. If he's been in clinic for eating issues, and those issues were severe, the methods used to treat his physical condition may have also been extreme.''
The boy looks back up slightly, not meeting our faces. Finally he nods.
Donovan still looks spooked and I make my way back with her to the waiting room where she's resting.
Sherlock's voice warbles back to me, unsure, unsteady.
Of course he does.
No accusation, but also no timidity.
Even though I feel the opposite of calm right now.
Sherlock stills, an odd smile gracing his mouth as he flexes his fingers back and forth. The bones pop and then recede through his flesh with the movement, like ripples in a pond.
------------------
I stroke his hair, lightly. His curls are damp, as if he's sweated profusely, and I pat the errant locks away from his eyes feeling a surging and protective tenderness unfurl in my center. His hair is abnormally soft, like a child's.
Except, perhaps, maybe I want to draw him out of his shell. Get him talking, since I sense he probably needs to do so.
''Cut,'' he whispers in clarification – looking over my head at an old periodic table of elements chart on his wall. ''Cut myself, I mean. That was the impulse when I came in here. I wanted to do it to spite you, as horrible as that sounds. That's what my anger generates. Do you see?''
Don't do that.
The call almost bites at the air - cold, harsh, shrill (annnnnnnsweeeer meeeeee!) and I fumble for the phone, hoping it's him.
''No,'' he pants, completely lost. ''I want- I need,'' and I have never felt so unnerved for a person before. Not just for a person's mind, or future; he looks as if he's splintering apart right now.
I cannot comprehend such fear. It seems so foreign to me.
''Take care, the both of you,'' the cabbie says one last time, before starting his engine and driving off.
She had no longer been sleeping and was on many different medications to control depression and issues relating to severe insomnia and severe panic attacks. She was thanatophobic, and at the time of this writing we still do not have the results back from the toxicologist (held up due to covid-19). The presumption at this time is that the recent increase of three medications that impede lung function (but which were used to control her depression, anxiety and insomnia) may have caused her lungs to stop working as efficiently and she may have passed suddenly in the night. (She had been born with hyaline membrane disease and had congenitally weak lungs). Her case is currently under investigation to see if medical malpractice might be an issue, since her health issues and lung weakness were well documented.
''Sherlock?,'' I try again, feeling helpless.
-----------------------
''I called!,'' I rage. ''I called and he told me he'd give me a referral!''
I look back to Sherlock. His glass is almost completely empty now, and he makes to rise.
His eyes are wide and owlish, and he suddenly looks profoundly younger.
That Sherlock is a loved one. We may not be lovers, but that doesn't mean that he's not loved with the same intensity and focus that I've had for any of my sexual partners. In fact, if I were being completely honest to myself, I would have to admit that none of my sexual partners came close to inspiring the same feelings of protectiveness and affection as Sherlock generates within me.
But I don't speak the words aloud.
'A toddler,' I hear John's voice intercede. 'Little more than a baby. Really, Sherlock? Really?'
Or maybe simply wishing he had.
He must have used a lot of butter.
Sherlock bites his lip, flinches.
Then the hand is stroking my hair again, and I let out a breath I didn't even know I was holding inside.
Sherlock had always been lanky, and his eating had always been 'different' - but it didn't cause me much concern. He had energy - sometimes a manic disposition, almost too much boundless energy - and I guess I thought that with his razor sharp mind and the speed of his activities - he couldn't be in such dire straits.
------------------------------------------
'What? What happened?'
Sherlock reaches over for the remote, fumbling in his attempts to pull it from my grasp.
''Harry's older. By five years,'' I say just to void the silence.
"What's wrong? Sherlock? What's wrong?"
Sherlock doesn’t respond. Instead, he moodily glowers at the television set.
-------------------
I'm out by 7:35 pm.
And he's talking about John, at least partially, and yet the words seem sort of disconnected from the afternoon, and the discussions we've broached.
He looks strange. Strange and lost: ready to fall, as if from a great height.
I see the Speedy's sign in the distance. Images flood into my mind. Mrs. Hudson and scones and butter and jams and me, shooting the walls. And 'this is coming out of your rent, young man,' and me, feeling okay with her anger, because it was an indulgent sort of anger. Feeling almost happy with her grim, crisp voice.
I shake his hand for emphasis.
''No. I will leave you alone in a second. But for now, just tell me. How much do you weigh. Last week is was...what? 121 lbs?''
I hear John pad back to the bathroom. He's holding a canister of blue Epsom salts.
I take a deep breath.
''We do!''
All those words are ineffective.
I let him sit for a few seconds - before asking: ''Do you feel any better since you got some sleep?''
''This place is filthy,'' I vent, aware my emotions are on display. Aware it's worse than that, perhaps: my slipping mind is on display because Yuri's a psychiatrist.
Sherlock brings his hands to his temples, his eyes. Presses lightly.
I started with taking his scale to storage, and locking it up. Everything - and I do mean everything - that he could use in some way to harm himself - I packed up in moving boxes. In his room, I brought in a few non-toxic plants, a plastic water tumbler and non-breakable cups, and a hefty assortment of books on anatomy, entomology, true crime and even a few classics. Pencils, pens, rulers, staplers, laces, belts - everything else was removed.
The notion is almost absurd.
Yet my room is not familiar. It shouldn't be consoling, or comforting.
''You are seriously sick, Sherlock, and while I do not think sectioning is going to ultimately help you, your brother cares about you. He's always cared about you. And you can push away his attempts at aid, but don't speak as if he's doing something morally questionable or sexually perverse. Don't you dare insinuate something like that about the first person who ever tried to help you and the only one whose ever stuck around for your entire life!''
A chuckle, then.
''Sherlock...what's going on?''
He can scarcely maintain eye contact, and instead lets his vision settle on the damnable skull on the mantle. That morbid thing.
''Stop it!,'' he howls. ''You're hurting me!''
''Good,'' the voice says.
He sits up from his position on the sofa and looks at me with red and swollen eyes.
His previous bouts with this disorder were more consistently regimented, with weight loss that seemed to occur in an almost mathematically precise format.
-----------------------------------------------
''Sherlock,'' I bite out, not knowing what else I can say. What I honestly *should* say in order to fix whatever it is that I've done.
Sherlock swallows and the sound is painfully loud in the small space. The loudness of the sound makes me feel oddly disconnected. Far more than I would have thought. And that's the thing about emotions, isn't it? They attach to singular events, cuts of memory, as if the memory of life is film, and one sound, one colourful ream of film, one scent - can have such weighted meaning. More, perhaps, than a host of cruelties and injustices inflicted upon the body for years at a time.
The first case where I had ever felt as if we were trying to catch and reign in true evil.
My mind needed to know how he had perished - needed to bear witness to his final moments on earth, at least in my mind.
John's eyebrows tilt together in disbelief.
''I'm not talking about this with you anymore! It doesn't concern you!''
And then a tiny little voice, pure and sweet:
Mycroft is looking at me almost sadly now.
A small pool of blood is outlining Sherlock's feet. His legs have taken on a pale, unnatural chalk colour. A flap of skin hangs apart slightly from his right shin; this is the wound that is generating the majority of the bleeding.
I can't knock with my hands full, so I tap at his door with my socked toe.
"So your mother was - what? Married to Mycroft's biological father? Obviously not to your biological father."
''Because I find them distasteful.''
He presses his face into his pillow and lets out a quickly concealed sob.
Finding an extra blanket in my closet, I re-make my bed. My room does get a lot colder than the rest of the house. That part wasn't a lie.
Quietly, you hover over me
''Oh?''
He sits down almost cross-legged, besides me. In his other hand, I can see now that he has his own tumbler, from which he's started to drink.
He does.
'I have to go back to school, Sherlock. And you're too little to go to boarding school.'
That I have been gifted a provision of anger. Granted to me, by John, now.
I close my eyes and will myself to say the right thing.
I don't try to stop him. I don't even attempt to quell his actions.
''Sherlock?,'' and I realize the voice is suddenly louder and suddenly all the more present in my head.
Here we are with sevens again.
''Try.''
''I've told him about Victor,'' I wheeze. ''Told him we were together. Even - you know - even like *that*.''
I work quickly, starting with my teeth because I have only slept through the entire god damn day and they feel grimy and disgusting. I get a good lather of licorice foam going before I spit everything down the drain. I then re-brush my teeth until the interior of my mouth feels suitably clean.
It's actually quite stupid for me to drink at all. Hence the rule: no drinking alone.
Sherlock scratches his wrists. Digs deeply, as the flesh turns a shade of sun-burnt pink.
“Go ahead,” he says with a slight groan. “But make it a small, eh?”
''John - I can barely keep it together. This case has me wanting to punch someone, except we don't even have a suspect!''
''I am a doctor!,'' I explode, ''My name is Dr. John Hamish Watson. I have my identification on me here, somewhere,'' and I go to pad my pockets looking for identification.
I have read his essays on various chemicals, various experiments. I can see what he's passionate about, and I can sense how atypical he is as a person. How quickly his mind works and processes both the external world but also the internal world, too. The blunt, almost socially awkward way he writes about wanting to take on ''only interesting cases,'' and the brusque manner that seems to be infused with his genuine perplexity as to social norms and expectations.
"You were not a mistake," and my voice is suddenly harsh. Commanding. "You were an innocent little boy!"
Raven-black hair in posh ringlets - not the tattered, sweaty mess that plasters his concave face at present.
Of course not.
I feel something more pressing than nausea.
I know the moment I put anything into the trolley, I'm going to take a few steps - and then want to just take everything back out, and put it away, and leave the store.
I give him a smile, and he gives me a weak one in response, then starts to make his way across towards Speedy's.
''I'msorry,'' he repeats, the words blending into one. ''For putting that on you, for-''
He raises an eyebrow at that, and finally meets my eye.
I stare at the floor. My mind is racing with questions. Weighing options.
'Aren't you putting on a good show for your John?,' and that ugly, slimy voice of the Martian laughs in my skull. It's not a memory. It's like he's really here. It's like he never died.
''No. It's not going away,'' I whisper.
“Take your time. Truly. Hamley’s is open for several more hours…there’s no rush.”
"You chose the tortellini, Sherlock! You actually put four of these bags of gourmet tortellini into our cart. Therefore, if you don't like tortellini - tough. We are using this food up."
I feel…
''Yes. That might be better, anyway. He's...he's sort of psyching himself out a little bit, Yuri. I think. But if it's short - a quick visit, at least initially - he might slowly come out of his shell.''
"Did you take him to the hospital?"
''Sherlock, you look strange. Pale. What just happened?''
“How would you kill your father, Sherlock?,” I ask in even tones - no doubt that this is the person he is referencing and aware that if I am wrong on this point he will correct my misunderstanding quickly.
He doesn't respond. Just stares at his lap, with a look of confusion playing across his face.
------------------------------------------
''It doesn't feel like that,'' he answers, garbled, voice thick. ''It helps when nothing else does, and you're asking me to give it up, and I don't want to do that. I don't want to lie to you, or Mycroft, or anyone. But I don't want to give it up.''
''There's nothing to give up on, John. In any sense of the word. If you walked away from this now, would you really be walking away from anything at all?''
He bites his lip, but otherwise doesn't respond.
''You're not sure?,'' I attempt for clarification, knowing I am getting at the heart of the matter, but having no idea what I am doing. ''Am I doing something that is making you feel badly? Badly about yourself?''
He’s agitated. And I caused that, too.
He would have been a little over three and a half years old at the time of the photo's capture.
In fact, I know firsthand that it isn't easy.
Mycroft's voice.
''But that's what we are talking about, isn't it Mycroft?! About how Sherlock is too sick to continue on like this, and how therapy might just take a bit too long given his current physical state - and if he can't improve - pronto - you'll make sure he will. You'll take the chance that he won't out of his hands, even if he hates you for it.''
So I turned back, and grabbed hold of Bisquick's collar, shortening the leash by circling the excess leather around my hand until the dog was barely inches from my side.
''I don't need you to be sorry! Sorry doesn't change the fact that I couldn't do my job, and no one else could see that!''
''When I was younger, Harry sometimes watched me. My parents also suffered from, well - they were both bad with alcohol too. My mum would drink and she'd be more or less useless. Sometimes depressive. My father became mean.''
''Ok. What you can eat, you eat; we will deal with the rest later.''
''Okay then. That's all I needed to hear. Or rather, that and your response now: want to come inside? Get some coffee? Heat up?''
Don't let this get out of hand.
Terribly confused.
''Drink this,'' he murmurs. ''You'll feel better.''
''I didn't want you to know. I didn't want you to think less of me, okay?''
Pascal doesn't look impressed. Nor surprised.
''Don't you see?,'' Sherlock hisses, ''He seemed...guilty. He gave me every sign of actually being guilty, but he didn't hurt his son.''
Small little boy, baby face. 4 years old.
His fingers come up and over my own, and he presses my hand between his thighs.
The child Sherlock would save when everything around us seemed hopeless.
Slowly, I open my eyes.
''Don't do this. Don't make this a damn struggle every morning,'' I whisper, suddenly so tired myself that I just want to put on my jacket and walk to Speedy's. Leave him on the sofa with his pathetic breakfast.
no. pleaseno.
This might take awhile.
-------------------------------
''What happened?,'' I grouse.
John is rooted to his place in the kitchen, his eyes large and haunted.
By showing him that despite everything that's happened, I trust his perception of his own self. Because right now, he's doing so many things that indicate disorder, and I think he needs to know that I have trust in his self analysis, in his appreciations of life and maybe even in terms of how he loves. His capabilities, and not just the choices he's made that have been self-harming. Because he's likely focused on the negative right now, and what I think he needs to hear is that I have faith in him. Faith that he's going to get better, can get over what's happened to him, and can move on in his life. What's more - that I have faith that everything will remain the same between us.
He is afraid.
I lean forward slightly.
''Okay. Right now, do this: name something that is scaring you. Right this second. Don't even think about what it sounds like, just tell me.''
He departs from the room, and I go to my own.
This will never be about me.
Mrs. Hudson looks completely alarmed, her eyes large and full like twin moons in her skull.
''Nothing that happened to you was your fault, do you hear me? You didn't want it to happen! You didn't ask for it to happen in any way! You didn't deserve for it to happen! He hurt you because he was incredibly sick. If he didn't hurt Mycroft in that way it still doesn't mean he didn't hurt Mycroft. He couldn't love Mycroft any more than he could have loved you, and I think Mycroft knows that. Because you were a victim, Sherlock. Innocent. You were a toddler - you absolutely were - and he hurt you as cruelly as someone could have hurt anyone, and-''
Mycroft frowns at his glass, swirling the brandy in a clock-wise direction.
Maybe if he'd just play a bit of music...everything would be okay.
''Now the Bactine?,'' I tested, and Sherlock shrugged, as I spritzed the injury with the pain reliever. After a few seconds, the tension in his face diminished, as did the tension in my own stomach.
Normally, he has no difficulty discussing sex in a clinical or removed sense.
On the floor were Persian rugs, and on the walls were actual paintings - not prints. Sherlock's room contained a bar fridge, an enclosed bookshelf with overhead lighting, and a Mr. Coffee coffee maker that was still half full and which oddly clashed with his many other obviously expensive possessions.
''H-O-L-M-E-S,'' I say for the fourth time, briskly, to a harried looking receptionist. ''Holmes with an E. Did you get the E?''
''Thank you,'' I get out, and the words sound like gravel. ''That is...''
Mycroft glances up to me, then gives a slightly pained look to my request before shaking his head once more.
despite everything that came before
My partner lounges back against a silk encased throw pillow and gives me a lazy scan. He’s still wearing his white and baby blue pinstriped pajamas and the type of faux fur reading socks that seem to be all the rage these days. And because Patrick tends to run hot he often wakes up with his hair matted with sweat. When his hair starts to dry, it forms a cascade of tiny curls (I tease him about it but the truth is I find it to be the cutest thing. It makes him look rather deceptively like a cherub).
''You're so fucking melodramatic,'' he seethes, his body corpse-white in the setting sun.
''Yes,'' I respond sharply, not looking at John's face.
''More than Victor. I feel safest with you. Safe.''
But he did do something that I found peculiar.
Donovan leans forward slightly.
Then he turns towards me, and even in the relative darkness, I can see that his eyes are puffy.
Damn fucking inebriation.
And if Sally can see it, everyone can see it, and as she has asserted - many others have already been commenting on it.
''You're heading out?,'' she queries with false casualness.
Because I am no longer 'allowed' caffeinated beverages, apparently.
My throat is tight and my heart is banging against my ribcage so intensely that I can hear it blotting out John's voice.
I smile into the air, finding John's tone amusing, then pull my feet up and under my body. Sitting cross legged, I watch him as he prepares the meal.
Sally turns on her heel, stalking to the door. Furious with me, no doubt. But maybe - hopefully - furious with herself, too.
I emerge from the shower and dress quickly, quietly. The shower was warm, but my insides still feel cold. I actually feel worse than I did last night. Weaker, and so much more concerned.
----- SHERLOCK'S POV-------
His body - always, always pale - looks now tinged with blue. The veins of his arms are more prominent and bulge out past his elbows. His left elbow is bruised a horrible purple as if he has jammed himself with a grotesquely large hypodermic.
''Yes,'' I say dizzily.
''Okay. Let's see Bisquick's damage,'' I muttered, and Sherlock held his hand out to me, almost timidly.
I am so terribly busy, I could cry. I yearn to write more, and sleep more. I hope life settles down soon. Please hang in there guys...I do want to update! And I will not abandon this story.
Everything in the restaurant is the inverse of fog. Not misty whiteness, but a misty darkness.
My smile is likely not very cheerful.
So why now?
BMI: 14.7
And why did he tell me?
Yuri had gotten up, padded to his little bar fridge, and had come back with a San Pellegrino. Something with sugar.
At any rate, I hope this chapter still advances the story appropriately.
''I'm going to go and get some sleep too, but I'm just going down the hallway. I'll be here in a flash if you need me,'' I mutter, before slowing retreating and shutting his door half way closed.
He blinks and lets his head rest back down against the hospital pillow.
''He might not have, John. He might think that would have made things worse.''
I let out an exhale. It's loud in the quiet of the small room.
"Why did you make me this?"
No memories of failure with a new product.
Sherlock hesitates, then nods.
''Just eat what you can comfortably manage,'' he says softly, placing one hand on my shoulder. I feel the other at my back, and suddenly my stomach clenches in anxiety at the touch. About the increasing amount of times that he's been touching my back, or my face, or my shoulders in the last week. The increase in hugs. The increase in everything that indicates emotional...connection. It feels soft and warm and safe at first. But then once I start to think about it - then it feels wrong, which in turn makes me feel wrong. Because I am fond of John. I shouldn't be so awkward about this. How insulted would he be if he knew how strange his touch makes me feel? He'd likely be hurt. So I can't tell him, ''please don't touch me.'' I can't hurt him like that.
Dr. Riley glances over to me, his eyes serious and firm.
Nothing looks appetizing. Even with the lack of human ears or pigs hearts or anything else that normally would kill an appetite. I shut the door and the kitchen goes back to resting in dark.
They've come back with such strength that I feel as if I am going mad. Not simply restless or bored.
"Sherlock," I whisper. "Do you need to tell me something?"
A wash of fresh pain assaults me.
A healthy heart.
not as intensely as i love john.
''What was wrong with him?''
He looks so small. It's hard to believe he's over 6 feet under those contorted angles pulled in and covered up in blankets.
I stare at him - prickly, uncertain. Our hands are suddenly matching, tremble for tremble, and I close my eyes and try to laugh, but it comes out as a weird, lobbed noise in my throat.
Donovan bristles at that.
'Don't you?'
My hands clench into fists and I mentally will myself to relax.
He doesn't seem nervous at all.
''Oh come off it Sally!,'' I hiss, suddenly feeling angry and sad and miserable. But mostly sad. ''Let it rest, alright? Sherlock's not the demon you think he is. He's not a psychopath, or a sociopath or whatever incorrect label he's tacked onto himself. He's just a person who finds it hard to relate to others. But can we lay off the Sherlock-bashing for one case, please?''
My throat aches, and I lower him gently to the ground.
''Go and get him,'' he said, in a tone nothing less than imperious.
"Getting a shower," I mutter, departing the room as hurriedly as possible.
''Your brother mentioned that, from his perspective, he thought perhaps you stopped eating because you were trying to stave off puberty.''
''No! I don't! I'm not some mewling, pathetic little child, John! I am a scientist. I can both discuss and conceptualize sexual matters far better than the average person, and you bloody well know it!''
But completely insane.
''My stomach hurts.''
“I’m not AFRAID of John. You’ve insinuated that before, and it’s ridiculous!”
Because he thinks that I am sick.
''Maybe you are not trying to destroy yourself. Maybe you are trying to destroy something inside you that doesn't belong, and never did.''
''I wasn't insinuating anything like that,'' he whispers, choked. ''I wasn't.''
I try not to look too sympathetic; I don't want it to be taken as pity.
His heart.
I taste salt on my tongue, and breathe evenly, focused on keeping the contents of my stomach inside my body.
''I guess so,'' I breathe out harshly, ''I...do you mind?,'' I ask carefully, not sure if I've offended him.
Sherlock broke the kiss after a minute or so.
It's just that he's concerned because your blood work is all wrong.
Molly rushes off and comes back a short couple seconds later with a metallic bucket. Probably one she uses to dump the innards of corpses in when she performs an autopsy. But this one, at least, is clean.
Sherlock ignored my statement, and instead unfolded a wooden Go set, pinned in the center. In one cupped palm he held out two clear bags filled with narrowed black and white stones.
''Just your name. Just 'Sherlock.'''
He's quiet for an impossibly long moment and when he begins to speak again, his voice is rough and low and husky, as if his lungs are congested.
'You're such a big boy, aren't you baby?,' the Martian speaks. His voice is buzzing in my brain, like an insect. Like an insect eating my brain. It makes it hard to think. 'Aren't you?'
''Yes. You'll get to sleep. And no one will touch you ever again.''
''This sort of stuff can really give you headaches, if you let it.''
''I definitely do think you are trying. I think you are trying extremely hard,'' he says evenly, carefully. His eyes try to make connection with mine, and I look away, suddenly embarrassed.
My heart pounds against my ribcage. Not out of fear of him, but out of sadness for him. And also, if I am being completely honest – because this degree of rage, which has obviously been nesting deep within him for years, decades even, can be a powerful force when it is finally unlocked in anyone.
"Can you clean a space on the table, please?," John asks quickly, pulling me from my musings.
''Potentially. Especially with youth. In severe cases, especially in the past, treatment for advanced eating disorder cases often involved re-feeding that could be rather invasive. In fact, for years, treatment was predominantly based on re-feeding therapies, and not on other psychiatric assistance.''
''Guess who died last night?,'' I asked, my voice thick. ''This one. Harrison McKenzie.''
There is no bite in my voice. Just nerves. I look at my shoes.
Does he really understand that he was completely blameless?
''Ok,'' he says gruffly, slightly distracted as he unlocks the door and makes move to carry the bags inside. ''Some things might look a tad different. But I promise you Sherlock, nothing is gone. Maybe packed up, but not gone. I didn't chuck anything out. Not a thing.''
I can't help anyone from a position of exhaustion.
Sherlock tugs at the cuffs of his pajama trousers.
The door opens, and the child is picked up momentarily before being placed down on the rocky ground below.
''I don't know what you mean! I don't!''
After the injection - in the first minute or so - he would have begun to feel faint.
''He's going to need an internal exam - and we are going to have to inform the mother as soon as possible.''
I realize he must have given me the majority of the container.
''Get the hell out of my way!,'' I seethe.
when what i am trying to convey is the opposite.
John exhales softly, but I hear the catch in his breath. If I were actually studying his features right now, I'm sure I'd see his face fall into something saddened.
My hand secures his back and he falls against my frame. I can feel the ripples of tension coursing through his body.
I nudge my chair closer to his own until I've cut into his line of sight.
'Mycroft's not here. Mycroft's at school, isn't he?,' the Martian pushes my legs apart and I start to shake.
''For my experiments. Eggs are wonderful harborers of many interesting bacterial strains. There are so many different types of cultures you can grow in eggs, not just salmonella, but other things too-''
''Okay,'' I mumble, lost – worried - and still so damnably exhausted.
a mirror that doesn't matter anymore."
Realize I have nothing.
That's the real insanity.
''Can you wiggle all your fingers for me, Sherlock?''
It's shortly after noon, on Sunday, when John Watson calls me. Soft voice, not quite a whisper - but definitely quiet. Subdued.
I can visit websites about eating disorders (and I have. A multitude of them). I can read journal articles, things in JAMA and The Lancet and books by psychotherapists. Perhaps it's even helping me to formulate my plan for him.
Sherlock - get out of my brain, please.
'27th National Convention for Forensic Osteology'
-----------------------------
He doesn't know what he wants to say.
''So that's when you did it, huh?  When I was consoling our landlady that you'd be...okay? You took that moment of trust, and used it as an opportunity to hurt yourself?''
It seems to work.
''Yes. Of course. For myself.''
After years of passing for my so-called normal: why now?
''Mycroft called me. He was adamant he speak to me. You made quite an impression on him, apparently.''
''Did...Victor leave?,'' I try, wondering what has triggered this meltdown tonight.
Sherlock freezes up more so, if that's possible.
John cracks a grin. “You want to do this today, then?”
I hesitate to ask for a razor. I can see my little self playing on the floor, shirtless. Underpants, that's all.
And why would he want to keep this from me, unless he was convinced he was doing something wrong? Or that I would be convinced that he was doing something questionable?
-------------------------------------------------
''I was always quiet!,'' I hiss, a quick and irrepressible furor filling my cells. ''I never made any noise. I didn't even cry! I wasn't-,' and I stop because I'm saying too much. I'm saying way too much.
''He screams if we try to reach for him,'' the man says. Apparently, there are no hard feelings here. Not overtly, anyway. Mr. Thiesen isn't holding my actions against me, and I find that curious.
''If you can get treatment Sherlock - voluntarily, I mean - then what are you showing everyone? You are showing us that *you* are still logical. That you are in control. Not a disorder. Not only have you controlled so much, for the betterment of others, but it would show that you took control of a disorder that very few can ever reign in. A particularly hard disorder to recover from...''
His curls have been lightly brushed at best and are now drying in small ringlets about his face. He still looks a little petulant, however, as he shuffles down the hallway and flops against our black sofa in over-sized pajamas.
The Martian will gobble me up from my feet to my head.
''Maybe,'' he whispers. ''I don't know. I don't know anything, anymore, Molly.''
I only really had the one pair, because usually I don't sleep with anything, except for pants.
But I don't.
I know, as a doctor, how quickly it would have taken for him to die based on the insulin dosage.
''Charley Crow's'', the sign reads, the letters electric yellow, the crow cartoon soot-black.
Sherlock's cheeks became hot pink and his breath came in sporadic gasps.
Thoughts bombard me all at once, and I freeze - wonder what he's playing at; my brows furrow into something confused.
Yet the most vital information is the input from him alone.
''Why shouldn't he be? What happened?''
"I'm not a child psychologist, John. I can see patterns, connections, and it is obvious why this boy is engaging in selective mutism, even if - at present - it's too early to diagnosis anything. He's terrified. He's likely been threatened. Or perhaps he was hurt so violently because he tried to talk. At any rate, there is an entire staff of trained clinicians to deal with traumatized children at Evelina. They do good work."
Yuri gives me a slight grin, which I hadn't been expecting. Then the grin slowly fades away, indicating that it was more or less an automatic response and not something he had intended to reveal.
-----------------------------------
''It's not a trick, Sherlock,'' I say evenly. ''It's a valid question.''
''Cutting,'' I clarify.
-------------------------------------------------
A question?
Besides, I'm not drunk.
''Thank you,'' he whispers getting into the bed, before pushing his lithe body as far back as if possible. Until he is, indeed, touching the wall. His legs hunch up slightly and he holds the duvet up for me to crawl underneath. I get in a little more slowly than he had and then take the cover of the blanket, and settle it securely around both of us.
---------------------------------------------------------
''No, forget it. Just-,'' and suddenly his face fixes into something rigid and set and knowing.
they all seem to care.
I sigh.
Sherlock is retrieving his shirt, nimbly clipping back the buttons, concealing the evidence of his mental disturbance.
He stays like that for a few minutes, and I finally sit down properly on the side of the sofa until he has calmed down enough to respond.
He's trying to remain as neutral as he can without simply walking away from this horror show of a mess.
I pick it up and move it to the fridge quickly.
He sounds manic.
Or that.
I nod against Mycroft's throat. He puts his hands in my hair.
-Kourion
Stable enough.
Yuri picks up the file.
What's more - he'd likely feel abandoned. He's already referred to his scars as ugly.
I try to give him an encouraging smile.
I almost choke on my tea.
Look back to the white highchair, smeared in condiments. Such a mess.
Donovan lets out a strained exhalation, and pulls out two crumpled sheets of paper from her inner jacket pocket. She lays them on the table, and Lestrade reaches for them - turning them over in a flourish. I swallow down a lump at the cartoon child covered in lashes of red.
I want to kiss his temple. Quickly. A peck. Something chaste, and something wishing him wellness. But I refrain.
I inhale rapidly.
not ever again.
Because I am not attracted to him. Not in that way.
He bites his lip and shakes his head back and forth, almost frantically.
His smaller one is sweaty and cold.
Even if I could never really see him, as such.
I shake my head back and forth and push at the Explorer with the shiny helmet.
John is wavering in his spot, but he doesn't move closer to where I'm hovering. Instead, he simply drops to his knees.
Showtime.
''Do you think this is easy for me? To wonder what you are going to do next? To worry if you are going to eat enough to keep yourself alive from one week to the next, or if you are going to hurt yourself in some other way? Or if you are going to binge through half a weeks worth of groceries in a single night? That's why you were showering, wasn't it? You were getting rid of it!''
Because suddenly: it's here.
And maybe that's a problem as well.
It reminds me of China Town. Of earlier days – solving cases with John – when I seemed healthier, when I seemed more in control; when maybe, in some respects, I was healthier, and more in control.
I give Sherlock a once over; he's removed his coat, but has left on his scarf.
Clearing my throat, I query: ''Is your doctor coming?''
Most likely, Sherlock considers the majority of people on this planet - regardless of their profession or accomplishments - to be idiots.
“You are looking even more handsome than you were twenty-five minutes ago - if that’s possible,” I reply, glancing back down to Sherlock’s file.
''I shouldn't have said that. I-,'' and he fidgets with his scarf.
Sherlock had brushed his hands against his lap. Stood up in a flourish.
''Stoneybrook,'' I say tightly, looking at my watch. ''As fast as possible, please.''
Sherlock's hands are twining around the loose threads on his pajama top now, pulling against the thread in agitation. I let him continue his ministrations, if it helps him hear me out.
But the more is the sense of anguish he experiences when he does eat; not simply the high he feels when he abstains. Because I can see the misery play out against his features even now. The dread, the self-debasement going on behind the scenes, so to speak, while Molly and I just simply...eat. Pick up fork and spoon, and take a bite of this or a chew of that. But for Sherlock?
----------
“Are you nervous about seeing the nutritionist?,” he volleys back.
Toby holds the green crayon with a tighter grasp now.
His chest, concealed before by the garment, is now painfully revealing: his breaths are fast, and he stares at the show grimly, his face stone. If he's heard me, he gives no indication.
But that's what we have here. What's happening here is so complex, so self-directed, this anger, this sickness. It's hard to feel that it matches the tragedy of his childhood, or the turmoil of his depression as an adolescent. In moments like this, when he eats his yogurt, and he argues and he tries to appease me rationally, with a stack of books on forensic science off to his side and a folder of cold case files from Lestrade opened and half marked with pen, I can almost forget that the greater tragedy of his life isn't even his past.
------------------------------------
So now, when I look at Sherlock's files, and then speak to John, and then - in agonizingly roundabout fashion speak to Sherlock yet again - I get the prickling sense of horrid sadness. The sadness of a person who is dealing with a host of issues, and not just one or two.
And then the voice startles us both. Tired and scared and angry - but somehow not really angry at all.
Sociopath
''John,'' Mycroft says rapidly, glancing about, keeping his voice even. ''I will do my best to answer your questions but you must remain calm. Please. For Sherlock,'' he says with a hint of steel in his timber.
''Go away, John!,'' I almost scream. My voice is high pitched and frantic, and I know it is - but I can't change it right now. My voice is coming out on its own, like water pouring through cracked glass. I cover my face with my hands, mortified.
''Okay. What is that?''
I nod my head. ''I also have an ulcer. It's bleeding. I've been in hospital, '' I admit.
I look past his face - past his normal face and his normal, understandable expressiveness - and I look at the house besides me.
It's not that I have to run away from others.
''What is your motive?!''
It's Molly's number on the display screen. So I let it go to voice mail, and limp back to Baker Street, trying to envision him in the kitchen, working on an experiment. Safe and sound.
I start to slow down as a rapidly encroaching pain - sharp and ever present - descends upon me.
Sherlock looks back to me, cheeks puffy from holding in a breath of air. He lets the breath out, and his mouth quirks up in debate of something he hasn't yet vocalized.
I feel like I could cry, until I stop and ask myself if I even feel sad - only to feel confused.
But his behaviour is off.
then why should i even fight that advancement?
The ones John brings back are cotton, though. Striped blue and white.
"I don't know," Sherlock breaths, his voice hitching on the last word. "Not really."
"You are not even denying what happened?," I gasp, feeling hollowed out. My eyes are stinging. "You are not even pretending that you don't know why I got those books?" My eyes reopen, but the scene before me is blurred by the tears that have flooded my sight.
--------------------------
And then I hear the croaking, groaning ache of the stairs as someone ascends. A few seconds later, there is a light knock against the frame.
I spend a few minutes looking up gram and calorie amounts, per food, and I work out a reasonable way for him to hit 600 calories in his next meal with a modest amount of food - provided he eats enough nuts and drinks a meal supplement. I also look at various figures for protein, fiber, and weigh everything in my mind while I consider the bulk and weight of the food on his stomach.
It reminds me of a heart rate monitor.
------------------------
''What was he like before?,'' I ask faintly, not sure if I really want to know.
''I don't do it on purpose, John.''
John gets called to the A&E by Lestrade where he is forced to deal with the fall out of Sherlock's self neglect, and of something even more alarming. Sherlock confides in John about something that he finds shameful.
By the time I get to the Yard, I am feeling a tight band of pain across my lower back. My stomach is clenching like I've consumed something bad.
Not harming; and so I don't still his hands. I let him try to process this.
Yuri ushers me to a seat with plush fabric - and I sink into the padded body of the booth.
The tone is clipped when he answers.
I flinch at the words.
But they are shut.
“What sort of tests?,” I supply, uncertain about this next component.
''Sherlock! Can you turn the television down please?,'' I ask again.
Generally, even a slight alteration towards health and slight improvement in BMI is considered a rousing success for the treatment team, but is often actively detested by the individual receiving car
My stomach hurts a lot.
Sherlock slumps back down on the sofa. His response is muffled.
I smirk at that, helping him reaffix his scarf.
As if I had given him a gift.
Damnit John. Damn. it.
''Oh my god,'' my voice clenches around my tongue. I feel like I'm going to vomit. ''Oh god. Oh god.''
"But it's the truth, Sherlock. And I thought you'd prefer the truth more than anything else right now."
''It's probably very, very difficult now to separate decades of self-punishment - that you consider 'proper' behaviour - with self-compassion, which I think you feel is a form of indulgence and therefore wrong. I would guess a lot of this turmoil is stemming from that, Sherlock. Do you think I could be correct?''
It doesn't.
I can't.
''But he got clean. I mean, he couldn't still be using,'' I say aloud, more to myself than to anyone else.
There is a pause in the conversation.
''Because I can take the next step, Sherlock, if I deem it necessary. I can call for emergency aid, if you can't come back on your own.''
Merely turned to him when I could see that he was nearly done his meal, and inquired if he wanted herbal tea as I wanted some myself.
''It's just me,'' Donovan starts, looking apprehensive and subdued. ''Sherlock...left in a hurry.''
''Oh, come off it!,'' John interrupts, seemingly tired of Sherlock's excuses. ''I am more than sensitive to 'variations in bodily compositions', so let's stop with this. All of this. This is about you not taking care of yourself. That's why we are here. And nothing I have said or done seems to make a difference, and I think - if you were honest with everyone right now, in this room - you'd admit that you are doing some very unhealthy things. Things that don't make sense. But rather than own them, you are trying to make it seem like the essentials that all people need - food being a very big one, Sherlock! - don't apply to you. And they do. Of course they do! Just admit that much!,'' and John's voice is craggy now. ''Please just stop trying to deny that!''
''We want you to speak to someone,'' Dr. Riley admits softly.
Then proclaimed himself 'too busy.'
''You don't know what you are talking about, Mycroft. I am just fine and I am seeing someone. With John. A therapist, without your contamination. Now please leave me alone.''
''I asked, 'what else did you possibly need to do?' I didn't ask you to apologize. I had a bad night, to be sure. You ensured I got cleaned up, like an infant. I was in no way demanding or needing the assistance-''
''Reactive Attachment Disorder: Symptoms, Diagnostic Practices, and Treatment.''
I will kill you, you poncy, infuriating blowhard.
''I see,'' he says tightly. The tightness of his voice only confirms the very fact that he doesn't 'see' at all.
Actually, he probably doesn't have any words that fully express those emotions.
''Jesus, Sherlock - when have I ever forced you to do anything?''
We walked along the cobblestone, back to my residence. Sherlock rubbed his hands together occasionally, to heat them up.
I knock quickly against the door, and it starts to open quickly. Almost as if someone had been waiting right behind the frame, waiting for my arrival.
I'm shaking out of preparation and expectation of battle.
But then I would hear the wind chimes, and my tears would stop, and I'd feel safe. I'd close my eyes and Mycroft would sometimes rub my back, and tell me that it was over now, and it would never happen again, and I could sleep. I no longer would touch Ovaltine. Not any longer. So sometimes he'd get me Horlicks. But Horlicks was safe then, so I'd curl up against the duvet, and listen to the wind and the musical notes on the air. And feel the heat of the Horlicks swirl around in my stomach.
“Not leaving this to the possible second, then? Progress!,” he enthuses, with a laugh. “Alright. I’m game. I haven’t set foot into a toy store in possibly 20 years.”
Patrick makes a drawn-out sigh of feigned disappointment.
What's more: I highly doubt he's ever had someone whose cared about him with the same force and passion as I care about him, and I'm pretty sure that he knows that, too. Mycroft not withstanding.
Sherlock finally looks up, his eyes pained.
I don't know if I am furious with him, or grateful.
Mrs. Hudson frowns at me, at my tone.
''I think I'm full,'' he admits, a note of self-deprecation in his words.
I wander the aisle, picking up the cans. Imagining what the food would feel like in my stomach.
And graffiti on walls. Body parts in the fridge.
He knows what I mean. He knows enough, I suspect, about how I feel. About my confusion, and my own pain.
''When?,'' I request feebly, as my face prickles with heat. ''Is this about what I said during the case? When you didn't want to take the case? Before Toby?''
But with my fingers, I wrote out:
The pain comes at 65. Fast, hot pain. The Martian has skewered my body with his weapon. The Martian is killing me. I let out a holler.
''I...I, yes. Well,'' and I press my hands against my lap, feeling more and more like an idiot the longer I am here. ''Sherlock didn't say.''
There is a note of self-recrimination in Mycroft's tone.
''That sounds ominous. That doesn't sound good,'' I say uneasily, hating the fact that my voice is wavering.
''You wrote them down on the list, Sherlock!,'' I aim for logic, now. ''We have four cartons of eggs in the fridge!''
My chest is stormy with emotion.
I look around the vending machines, check the family room and TV lounge. Take a peak in a small café on the floor that is serving tea, coffee and a soup of the day (''Garden Vegetable Medley''), apparently - continue on down the hall until I see a large blue and white sign for the restrooms. Rap against the door gently with my knuckles, then open the door and go inside.
''Stop it right now and explain. Explain now. What is going on?''
I nudge the grilled cheese away from me, feeling irrationally angry, and close my eyes.
''Your son is terrified of this house because he's been hurt in this house. Repeatedly, and for years. Right now he's shaky - possibly in mild shock. Can we keep this conversation from escalating, please? For Toby's sake?''
''Sherlock?''
Toby's eyes fill with tears.
''I didn't lie!''
I am coming to learn that Sherlock is much more pliable, if not at times almost 'cuddly' - when unwell. It's almost as if the heat ravaging his cells is, likewise, incapacitating his logical mind. His tendency to overthink.
Underneath the glowing sign front, a smaller sign reads: ''Thick-cut chips. Piping hot burgers. Ice-cream Floats. Brooklyn-inspired Egg Creams...and more! Come on in and see for yourself what all the crowing is about!''
"You shouldn't be angry with Mycroft, either, Sherlock. He was just trying to help."
Bet it probably was, as it's too much for me.
"Sherlock isn't broken," I insist, firmly.
''I'll ensure he stays well away from you,'' I supplied as I returned to my new companion.
''I need more water,'' he says a few seconds later, padding away to the kitchen.
Which, oddly enough, I don't like.
Right.
I don’t understand his assertions.
''Absolutely not. Don't be ridiculous.''
"He'd bring me milk. Tell me everything was going to be okay."
''Not at all,'' he murmurs, his voice - usually so deep and strong - now the lightest note on air. ''He's not to blame for...why I'm like this.''
Upon entry I become fixed in place.
He just sees sickness. Which, I guess, makes sense. He's a doctor.
When he responds his words are not frosty, but they are stern.
''That's not what I said,'' I mutter at last, feeling lost and weak. ''That's certainly not what I meant.''
''Ok,'' I mutter, picking up the forms and scanning the intake notes warily. Almost feeling as if they could bite me.
"When you were little, he'd sleep in your bed."
''He said you turned him away,'' I say tersely. ''That you refused to take him on as a patient.''
Not mine.))
I know his questions are not born of a need to be disingenuous.
My self-proclaimed status as a robust heterosexual aside, I have tried to ask myself the tough questions about my possible feelings for Sherlock, and have tried to ask myself if an interest in engaging him in sexual activities is something that I would ever want. So far the idea has never seemed to rouse me sexually, which is something I must admit surprises me. Especially since I have had the impulse to kiss Sherlock, and to hold him close to me. To hold his hand, definitely, and maybe even stroke his back, or his arms. An odd impulse to engage with him sensorally, and maybe even a yearning to comfort him through physical touch (especially since I've always been inclined to be more hands-on with partners and those I had romantic feelings for).
Yet, it was determined that post mortem that all had been struck with a large, blunt object.
I feel dreadful.
“Okay. I’ll bite. What are these recent developments?”
"You said your pajamas were wet. Had you peed the bed?"
It's time to stop this charade.
''I trust you to make it not hurt,'' he says oddly, his voice high pitched. My words do not seem to be making much of a difference, at present; I have to wonder if he's hearing me at all.
''Okay. I'll come and get you when the food is ready.''
"You must have read up on the psychology of those who have been hurt that way," I begin cautiously, feeling as if any wrong word might set my temperamental flatmate off. "Especially in childhood. Those are such important years, emotionally more than anything else. You're still forming your judgements about morality then. About right and wrong, and it's easy to prey on a child. It's easier to make a child feel complicit in something that's wrong, but also easier to convince them that they've somehow contributed to the crime. That they've somehow earned it."
''So what you are saying,'' and he affixes his blue scarf to his neck, ''is that at my lowest ebb, I still managed to save a child's life. When - if it was up to the professionals at New Scotland Yard, he would have died. Most assuredly. So despite whatever I have had to deal with in my life that may be bleeding over into the present, my services are no longer needed. Because my 'friends' need to assuage their own concern. And what better way to get me to do what they want me to do... than to cut me off from working. Is that it?''
''Your friend has been sick for a long time, John. There is no way he felt okay for the last while. Not for a long time, now. Not with necrosis setting in. That alone could have killed him. In some ways, the perforation was the sign that we needed to address his problems. I don't mean to sound harsh, but if he continued on as he had been, the necrosis itself could have taken him.''
His hands begin a staccato against his sides. The motion is powerful, and uncomfortable.
Dr. Riley is still not done, however.
''I can't leave for several reasons. The most pressing being that it's below freezing, and you're dressed in nothing more than jeans and a cardigan. You're not even wearing shoes, Sherlock. You need to return to the house.''
''Sherlock?''
''I don't want to talk about it right now,'' he whispers, voice raw.
I can also tell he wants to ask a question, but is afraid to vocalize much at all so I squeeze his hand once more.
''He's lost weight. I can see it plain as day, for all he'd deny it. I know this case has wrecked havoc with his nerves. I can't have him on cases if he's going to be sick-''
At midnight - on the minute - I get ready to send another text. My brain spirals oddly around sending 'fuck you, too' for the merest semi-second before I recoil in shame.
''How was he last?,'' my voice comes out as a whisper.
''And Sherlock doesn't do emotions well. You know that.''
''I am not easy,'' Sherlock replies softly. Uncertainty pains his voice.
I was pushing him emotionally. I did so because I wanted to take him to the precipice. I needed to make him feel the fear that I've felt since I realized how sick he was and how much sicker he seemed to be making himself with every passing day.
-------------------------------------------------
''I know you realize that something is very wrong, and-''
I ease back to Sherlock. Words are still hard to choose right now. It would be too easy to speak and say anything.
''No. I'm not warm,'' Sherlock says, his chest rising and falling in noticeable waves.
Except Sherlock only sees deepness in everything else around him. He hasn't begun to look deeply at himself. He hasn't even scratched the surface of who he is and what he deserves. He can't even sense what he needs.
He holds up his hands, as if he has no words to explain the complexity of what he is feeling.
''Yes, so I don't want anything else right now. Nothing at all. I can try again at dinner.''
I've done so many things terribly, horrifically wrong for so long. I cannot grasp why he'd lie to me about my failures.
A dismissal.
''No,'' he quickly corrects. ''I'm implying that at one time, Sherlock may have been considered for that diagnosis. Or for another condition manifesting with psychotic features. People can experience psychosis without being schizophrenic.''
Or else, not liking the results his mind is providing.
John suddenly looks far more relaxed than I've seen him in ages, and I realize I'm doing the right thing, indulging him.
Sherlock stares at me, unblinking.
''I had no idea you've known one another for that long,'' I admit, now understanding a little better the warmth that I often see pass between Sherlock and our landlady. It certainly hadn't been a recent development. I knew that. But I hadn't known that it had taken over 13 years of cultivation.
Emotional blindness, is that what this is?
''Just...keep it in.''
The hot liquid leaves a trail of spice down my throat. I decide that it is filling. It feels good.
Now more than ever.
I weigh his words in my mind.
Waiting a few more seconds, I jog up steadily and usher a ''Sherlock, hi!'' and he turns abruptly, a practiced look of carefully crafted calm gracing his features.
'Oh,' I think. 'Fuck it.'
"After Sherlock had been with me for a few years - after the dust had settled, so to speak - I tried to get him to discuss certain things. I certainly didn't want him to feel coerced into talking to me. He refused to talk to me all the same, no matter what tactic I attempted to get him to open up."
Sherlock turns against me, his face tilted away from the mirror and into my neck.
A few seconds passed before he turned back to me, his face veiled in confusion.
Moronic brain.
"This is my favourite colour," I say a moment later, to break the silence. I hold up an aubergine coloured crayon and scribble on the pad of paper.
'He sounded like a child. He sounded like a child. He sounded like a child...'
I called him names.
''I think these things are meant to be for fun.''
''Is that a family name?,'' I asked, amused.
"That sounds excessively time consuming for a sauce. Can't we just grate cheese over everything and be done with it?," I say easily, biting once more into the chocolate biscotti with relish.
Sherlock seems unrepentant. Wholly disinterested in the subject at hand, and it's making my anger even worse.
"That's alright. I got you some things to colour with, and some notepads and markers so you can write if you'd like."
''Ok. So this is where I'll need your feedback, Sherlock. Anything to add?''
''Go to the zoo,'' Lestrade continues on as if he hasn't been interrupted, ''Or the aquarium. But you're going to get better. I don't want you anywhere near this case - or any other case - until I'm confident you're not in danger of having to go back to the A&E, do you hear me?''
“There you go, dinner for two,” Angelo said, putting the containers into a paper bag for John to carry and pushing it across the counter to him.
John thought
John rolled his eyes and pecked Sherlock on the cheek. Sherlock grinned and tightening his arms around John’s chest, gave a particularly pointed thrust that cried, ‘let us continue.’ John gave a mute laugh of surprise and squeezed his arse around that hard cock, making Sherlock’s eyes close in pleasure again. They ended up on top of the statue in the center of the tank, the flat top of the moai head big enough for John to lay back on and Sherlock to kneel and thrust into him. They kissed, and John laughed at the silliness of it all, them fucking underwater as large fish and tranquil sharks continued to circle around them. It was like a thing that happened in strange wet dreams. Sherlock seemed to love the laughter, holding tighter as he fought to gain speed and force in the water.
“Put them over there,” she ordered, pointing over to the stairs. Both of the shark men obeyed instantly, dragging Sherlock by the netting he was wrapped in and John by his wrists. “Sebbie, you have the restraints,” Jim said sweetly to the tall woman still keeping an eye on John. She pulled a handful of heavy-duty zip ties from her coat pocket and approached them, still not saying a word. John began to wonder if she could speak at all, his mind jumping to old mafia and pirate movies where tongues were removed to keep them from wagging about secrets.
“One more time,” John ordered, straightening up with a length of black rope in one hand and a blindfold in the other.
“I’m not a complete asshole,” John replied, “if your brother would like to know what you are up to he can get off his high horse and come down out of the clouds to socialize.” Sherlock snorted a laugh there, his face crinkling as he bit his lip to hold it in.
“He was playing Russian roulette,” Sherlock started, taking in a breath to calm the slight giggles he still had from whatever mental image John had conjured. Even Bellamy huffed her own small sleepy laugh, very similar to Hyperion’s, a throaty ‘huh,huh’ sort of noise.
“Sherlock, what about that egg, the one that was supposed to be Carl’s, What happened to it?” John asked keeping close to Sherlock’s side.
“What?!”
The first thing he wrote after a couple more aborted attempts at learning how to post, was about Sherlock, of course it had to be about Sherlock. And so he’d made his first post.
I picked it up carefully, taken by the soft lines used to depict the womb itself and the sharp and precise contrast of the unborn.
And maybe I am a little bit drunk, because I feel tears prick my eyes.
''This isn't about you, John. This has nothing to do with you,'' he pants. ''Isn't it possible that I could just be angry and yet – miraculously - not be angry with you?,'' he finishes, voice clipped.
Because then I realize there is nothing under the surface but a droning sort of emptiness. A slate grey hum of noise where something colourful, even if painful, should be.
Her: motherly. A mother. Almost my mother.
I follow him to the edge of the lane, away from 417 Ashkin, and to the periphery of the 1950's themed establishment.
After a few more moments his eyes open, and he squints against the light streaming through the windows.
But what if you never liked hugs? What if something happened to you to make hugs seem unnatural or tainted? What if you then had to move away from sensorial routines that were intended to be soothing, to habits that were rooted in protection?
John gives me a weak smile.
And I feel the pounding sense that many lives, all wounded, need to be fixed.
I focus my attention on discerning and evaluating his behaviour. Something is off.
John laughs.
He frowned at his plate, pushing the salmon around. Breaking it down into the smallest fragments. Eating off of one tine in a somewhat odd fashion.
=======================
But who is it that is repressing everything? The Sherlock that goes to his goddamn therapy sessions, and eats close to 4,000 calories a day at last count? The Sherlock that confides in Molly about triggers and abusive fathers? If I’m doing all that, and ‘all of that’ is considered the “right step” – then why would I sabotage myself on this aspect of my recovery and lie about any of it?
Lestrade rises from his chair and I hear his knee pop.
I stroke his hand, but do not speak.
And then without thinking, I just continued on because I truly felt calmer. And if I'm honest with myself now, I might admit that there may have been a note of dissociation in the action. A placid acceptance of the redness, and the memory in my mind then - of being 13, and smashing the bathroom mirror with my hand, then slicing the same parts.
“I was alerted to an emergency call originating from a restaurant at the aquarium, the very one that you both dine at this time every night. The local CCTV cameras showed this rather shady pair entering the establishment. Considering my young brother’s penchant for dangerous circumstances, a visit was in order,” Mycroft replied, then he turned to the employees and the manager who had just come out front. “As for you, you all saw none of this, any damages done will be compensated, but otherwise if a word of this is breathed outside this restaurant I will know and you will be found out. You did not see this minor brawl, you did not see men with gills. You will continue to supply these two with whatever food they ask for and will not ask questions. Am I understood?” Mycroft’s voice had gained a steely dangerous edge to it, the kind that spoke of secrets and spy work and quiet killings in the night should there be any loose lips.
“Well, we’ll see what Molly says about that bath,” John said, sitting down and just listening as Mary continued to chatter on about the goings on of the Aerie from the perspective of an eleven year-old.
“So, I’m not too informal as I am, right Greg? Should I have dug out and pressed some fatigues or something a little more uniform-ish?” John asked, as they drove down one massive straight hallway.
“They do little else around here,” John replied, taking the first step away from the door towards the field. Sherlock followed, matching pace with a small smile still in place. “Did you know there’s a pair who work over at the butcher’s who just got engaged? proposed with the rings on a crown roast of lamb.” John asked conspiratorially to prove the most recent gossip he’d heard over breakfast.
“Children? Oh, oh yes! come in,” Jim said, setting the chalk down and raking hands through his hair, streaking the black with chalky white strands. He straightened his clothes as well, tugging on the waistcoat he wore and the cuffs and collar of his shirt, trying to hastily fix his somewhat disheveled appearance.
“Shhh my dear, I’ll fix it right up,” John heard, following a particularly pained groan. He’d finally reached the area the sounds were coming from, a soft familiar blue glow shining over the wall of crates and shelves. “Come on Sebbie, take it off.” Jim’s voice cooed sweetly. John took a risk and peered around the box he sat crouched behind.
“Hyperion, it’s okay, I’m here, remember me?” He continued to move forward until his toes hit the edge of the sand, the growl from above deepened as John prodded it with the toe of his boot. John looked back at the door. His escort and Omar both stood just inside the doorway, watching him. John had no idea if what he was doing was right or not. For all he knew dragons were super territorial of their sand pits and he was crossing a line even riders shouldn’t cross.
“That’s Lestrade. He says Hyperion’s ready to go.” John hadn’t even noticed that Hyperion had woken up on the other side of the bond, the connection was still tenuous  between them at a distance. He concentrated on it and in return he felt a very faint, mildly woozy feeling of accomplishment.
“Fine.” Sherlock groused, pushing away from the countertop and moving to grab his coat.
“And if I don’t?” In that moment Sherlock looked younger, his features softened a bit before looking away from John again.
“Well, looks like your average trainer,” John started, glancing at Sherlock, waiting for the snide remark to come, “but, they’re older, I don’t think I’ve seen this look in a long time, so a retro style, mid-80’s maybe? Had to have belonged to a kid cause there’s a name in it, Carl.”
Hyperion was experiencing flight for the first time in months via John. With the bond wide open he was seeing what John was seeing, feeling the rush of wind on his outstretched arms and translating it to air currents on his spread wings down below. And Hyperion was ecstatic.
The only pictures in the cabinet that didn’t contain Hyperion looked old. One labeled on the back with ‘Sire’ and the other had ‘Dam’ crossed out and replaced with ‘Mother’. Hyperion’s parents, a handsome dark yellowy-brown male, ‘with gold potential’ the photo said on the back, who looked like a much darker version of Hyperion with more green in his eyes. The mother was golden, shining scales covering her from tip to tail, Hyperion’s eyes were his mother’s bright golden yellow. He had much more gold on him than his father, but no where remotely near his mother’s pure gold. Deciding to leave questions about them for another time, John reverently closed and latched the cabinet doors and returned to looking around Hyperion’s home.
“Bellamy?” Lestrade’s voice squawked from the tiny speaker. Bellamy reached out and snatched John away from the door with a quick motion of talons.
“Just wanted to stop by and say I’m staying out with Hyperion tonight. Lots of stress and scares today, I just don’t feel comfortable leaving him alone,” John explained, hoping it didn’t sound strange that he’d rather sleep out in the pits heated by his dragon than inside in his nice warm bed. Mrs Hudson just smiled.
They ended up sitting across from each other eating the tossed together dinner Sherlock had made, neither of them brought up the hug or what anyone might have heard through the crack of a bathroom door. It all just devolved into comfortable companionable silence for the rest of the evening.
“Has Bellamy ever set fire to the post? Can she breathe fire at all? I’ve heard some can’t.”
She looked bashful, blushing and instantly finding her fidgeting fingers far more interesting than his face. “My name’s Mary,” she mumbled.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but did turn around and face her. “I am sorry, Sarai, for intruding on your nest,” Sherlock said to her, no embellishments or yelling to be heard, if anything to John it actually sounded like a sincere apology. “Take care of your eggs so that we have some more healthy Šawk hatchlings in the new year,” Sherlock added before turning back to John. He raised his eyebrows in an expression that read ‘satisfied?’ John smiled and presented Sherlock with the evidence bag, pushing it into his hands.
“Hello John, he-hello Sherlock, sorry for interrupting, but this one wanted to see you,” Jim said quietly, dark eyes flicking between John and Sherlock but lingering on Sherlock, who appeared to be ignoring the teacher and actually eating his lunch.
“Morning, Sally,” he replied, blinking at her. “Any reason for the early visit?” he asked, Hyperion stirring behind him and beginning to uncurl as he woke.
John finished the rest of his food quickly, Hyperion still watching but at least understanding he would not be getting more.
“Fantastic,” John panted into Sherlock’s neck, gripping the hand that was still interwoven with his next to his head. “Gorgeous,” he added, kissing the closest bit of Sherlock his mouth could reach.
“I sort of pity the aide Mycroft’s got bringing us clothes,” John said, tossing his things into the pile with Sherlock’s.
“Keep your eyes open, Hyperion will want to see this and isn’t that the point?” Sherlock said over the noise around them. And yes that was the point, this was all for Hyperion’s benefit, and so John forced himself to keep his eyes open and watch as they hit the highest point of the hill and on the next big push of Bellamy’s hind legs rather than following the slope down they were in the air.
“But you said they were yours.”
“You were messing around with one of the computers this morning, before I turned into a fish. What were you doing?” John asked, the nearby info screen jogging his memory of that morning.
“I happen to like that little bull, adds some color to the mantle right next to the skull and stuffed bat.” John would admit he did like to see the little knick knacks mummy Holmes sent her son in their odd locations around the flat. Not only did they add little flashes of color to their cozy living space, but they also told John that someone else also liked Sherlock, as distant as she had apparently been in the past at least she was trying to show Sherlock in her own way she cared about him.
“Yeah, nothing too bad I hope?” John asked, his brain suddenly conjuring up a live animal being led in on a rope for Hyperion to tear apart.
“You seem to know a lot about giving dragons baths,” John said with a smile, feeling much better now that she was on the ground and they’d gotten away from the topic of flight and war.
“How dare your brother care about your health,” John said with a small chuckle, receiving a not so venomous glare from Sherlock.
“Sherlock, times up, I have other things to do this evening!” Sally shouted to them.
“What? He is!” she whined as Lestrade came down out of the crate again, a glare hardening his face for the first time since John had met him.
“John. John I need.” He panted, arching his back and dropping his arse as he pulled.
“Make sure you never get the paper intact again.”
In the distance he heard a phone ringing and someone picked it up. “Sir, there’s a man named Mycroft on the line, says it’s for you.” John blinked up at the manager who had the phone cord stretched over to him. He took it and put the receiver to his ear just as Emma returned with the first aid kit.
A tiny nudge came across the bond, Hyperion had awakened just enough to send a small wave of happiness across. John apologized for possibly waking him with the intensity of emotions that had accompanied his short session. Hyperion just sent him the equivalent of a sleepy smile, happy that his rider was happy.
“I’m so sorry sir, er, your lunch…” She held up the box.
“You shot the cabbie!” he cried, startling John into backing up, nearly knocking over the chair.
“That’s contradictory.”
“I know,” John chuckled as Sherlock squeezed him, “but you do seem to have an affinity for my human looks.” With a playful feeling John let Sherlock see a mental image of himself primping and preening like a human starlette just for Sherlock. John was immediately amused by the faint budding arousal from Sherlock’s mind at receiving John’s imagined poses.
“We never asked! What’s your name?” she asked urgently.
A couple scarves from the gift shop and few odd looks from the employees behind the counter later, John was already wolfing down a container of salty fries with a content sigh as they walked back through the aquarium.
“Yes.” Sherlock replied not looking up. Jim’s hands were shaking as he raked through his hair a couple times, still staring at Sherlock even with the dismissal.
“Hyperion, I need to go for a little bit, I need to eat,” John came back to Hyperion’s lowered head. Hyperion responded with a gentle wave of understanding. “I promised I’d come back before and I did, just remember I’ll be okay and I’ll always come back,” John said, petting Hyperion’s nose one more time before turning for the door. “And there’s always the bond,” John said with a smile as he tried pushing a comforting blanket feeling at Hyperion. Hyperion replied with his own nudge of anxious calm ‘it’ll be okay’ before John finally stepped out into the hall again.
“If you’re going to say inane things like that you may as well take to Twitter,” he said, eyes remaining focused on the task at hand, a sudoku cube that had appeared from amongst the detritus collected on the sitting room table.
“You know you say that a lot?” Sherlock replied.
He picked up his kit and started out towards the shape, watching carefully for signs that it might be a trap of some kind.
“You’ve gotten to see riders in battle?” she asked, holding on as Hyperion passed the ring from talon to talon. “They’re amazing when they do practice formations on the training fields,” she said with an awed sound, the starry eyes of a child watching a highwire circus act.
“Imagining you as a blotling,” John admitted whole form scrunching again as he sidled up next to Sherlock at the sink.
“Sorry,” he apologized, looking down and concentrating on his still full plate. “Nothing, Mrs Hudson,” He said before tucking in. Quietly eating as the rest of the table’s occupants chattered amongst themselves and, for the most part, forgot he was there altogether.
John knelt on the bed beside him, and Sherlock turned to look at John’s almost naked body. John was wearing his ridiculous red pants, and Sherlock had an up close view of exactly the effect he was having on John, his erection straining against the confining material. John leaned forward over Sherlock, beginning to bind his wrists together before tying them to the slats of the headboard above. Sherlock took the opportunity to be a little disobedient, and pushed his head up to lick a wide stripe across the front of John’s pants. John startled and shuffled away, tapping Sherlock on the arse quickly as punishment.
Stroking his fingers lightly through the wiry hair below his navel the mental images of Sherlock in the black void of the unknown space that was his bedroom only made John even harder. The possibility that right that moment Sherlock might be trailing a hand below the waistband of his worn pyjama trousers to wrap around his cock sent a spark up John’s spine. He
“No,” Sherlock replied defensively, “I thought it was a little warmer in here though, it’s always something--”
That first forceful rub caused Sherlock to be the most vocal John had heard yet, a sharp gasping cry bursting out as his back arched, arse pushing down into fingers for more. John smirked and continued the stretching, rotating between slow stretching and tormenting Sherlock’s prostate even as he worked up to two fingers, which were better able to massage it with, and then three.
John eventually heard Sherlock shift again, this time getting up entirely and wandering towards the kitchen. When he returned he’d traded the track bottoms for a pair of jeans and John turned just in time to see Sherlock throwing on his coat and scarf, it had reached temperatures outside where, even with the extra warmth of the bond, layers were necessary.
, Hyperion’s unique mental voice drawled across to John. It sounded almost the exact same way Hyperion said,
“Since when do you care about that?” John laughed, looking back to Sherlock who had shuffled along with Bellamy a little farther away.
Sherlock’s face nearly split with the size of the grin on it, those lips formed into the biggest oddly V-shaped smile that all but screamed sly intentions.
“Sherlock, we’re going home!” John shouted, “Hyperion and Bellamy are happy, Sally has other things to do, and I’m fucking exhausted, we are going home and that’s final.” John said cutting short the squabbling that was surely about to break out between Sherlock and Sally. He was tired, just having the moment to sit down with Hyperion had made it all the more obvious that he was close to dozing off if only it were quieter.
“Massage?” Sherlock replied quietly, continuing to knead on John, making it more obvious what he was doing with each firm press and stroke. It felt like one of those odd massage chairs which a human friend had goaded him into trying ages ago. Only then it had been uncomfortable, the gears and whirring machinery feeling like a particularly rough stranger was trying to handle him. This was Sherlock, and the feel of his mate making soft circling motions along his skin made him melt with happiness.
“Hyperion!” John called, turning back to his dragon, trying to let the commanding voice of a soldier tint the name. “Hyperion come down here,” he patted the edge of the mat to get his attention. Hyperion’s whole head tossed in his direction this time, looking down at John and sending conflict pinging through John’s mind. ‘I want to pay attention to you, but there is an intruder in my home,’ the curiosity for John clashing with the mild fear of what Molly was doing when Hyperion wasn’t watching her.
“If I must,” Sherlock replied and John heard him clattering around for another plate.
John managed to swim alright, even with the mild effects of a hangover still clinging to his head, but as John looked back at Sherlock he realized Sherlock was still very much feeling his hangover because he just kind of gently turned in place in the water. John watched him as he paddled away, trying to right himself with none of the grace Sherlock usually held in the water. He watched long, slightly webby toes and fingers spread and kick and Sherlock propelled himself into the glass nearby. With a chuckle, John saw him shake his head and palm the glass a little before he turned and tried to paddle in another direction only to drunkenly bump into something else.
Sherlock hummed up at him, mouth still occupied, before he propped himself up on his elbows and looked down at John’s pectorals as if they’d offended him. John watched those intense blue eyes scan over the scarring on the shoulder nearby and a smile curled on Sherlock’s face. He dove down for the other side, the right nipple, and actually got a reaction from John there, a laugh, not quite the one he was expecting but better. Sherlock smiled as he took the nipple between lips and tugged a little.
“Hm?” Sherlock emerged carrying a stack of blankets and a pillow.
John’s mind wandered towards thoughts of what he would like to do with Sherlock. He could bring out a toy. They had a few, mostly vibrators really, but John had certainly surprised orgasms from Sherlock with that. He dismissed the thought; he didn’t want to have to let go of Sherlock to get one.
“May I fuck you?” Sherlock asked quietly as he kissed his way down John’s chin to suckle at his throat.
John thought back to Sally’s various responses to Sherlock and his behaviour. “Sally?” John said, glancing in the direction of the kitchen door as though the commander were about to appear in it again. “I have to admit that was a little uncalled for, even if it might have been somewhat accurate. ” John added, looking back to Sherlock.
Deciding another bath was in order along with a full change John just climbed into the fountain, clothes, sling, and all. He slowly scrubbed off the mess on his skin and in his hair, watching the water tinge red around him before being drained away to be replaced by fresh. Hyperion rested his chin on the edge next to him, the bond still wavering with concern and upset, leaving John to feel uneasy too. After sitting and soaking for a moment the clothes and sling came off. John tried to scrub at them as best he could with only one arm, with limited results, before he finally gave up and just slapped them over the edge of the fountain to dry out again. A sudden hot huff of air startled John into ducking down into the deeper side of the fountain, spinning to see Hyperion performing his drying trick on John’s clothes. John shuffled closer and helped in turning his pants and trousers over to dry on both sides.
“Very.” John pressed back into Sherlock and pulled one of his hands up to give the back a kiss, twining their fingers together. It may have been only about mid-day but Sherlock had drawn the curtains and made the room lovely and dim, perfect for falling asleep. John could already feel himself slipping towards it, the only thing keeping him awake now was a niggling thought that maybe Sherlock didn’t particularly want to sleep and John was forcing him to be there.
“You boys aren’t supposed to be down here,” John said calmly, as he knelt down with his kit and started to undo the rider’s armor to check the extent of the damage.
That didn’t make John feel any better. “Sherlock, that’s not it. You’re acting like you expect me to.”
Once divested of their damp snowy things John found himself standing there with Sherlock in their sitting room, not entirely sure how to proceed. He knew what a certain bit of his anatomy wanted, coming home after a nice evening and taking the prospective partner to bed. This wasn’t just any pickup from the pub however, it was Sherlock.
Hyperion’s breed could come in every color under the sun it seemed, from the more common muddy blue on the biggest picture to uncommon colorings including a ruddy nearly purple color and a very interesting coppery green. Hyperion’s coloring must have been on the uncommon side as well, because none of the examples looked like him. A couple of brown colorations got close but were much darker than Hyperion’s sandy tan, and the patchy gold in his scales were an extreme rarity.
, it only made it feel even better. Had Sherlock done the same? did he even want John in a sexual way? Was he downstairs echoing John’s movements as he rested a hand low on his belly? John’s thoughts sprang to what Sherlock would look like stroking himself off.
“There you go. I’m sorry about your rider boy, but you’re going to be okay. I’ll take you to my friends and you can get better there, all right?” John was just rambling, a soothing tone for a creature he had no idea how to properly care for. He found a badge set into the leather of the harness that lay like latticework around Hyperion’s neck and chest. It carried the dragon’s name, rider’s name, and point of origin, Hyperion was an England-born dragon, bred from the Aerie near London and raised by rider Victor Trevor. The rest of the writing on the large plate-sized tag was a gibberish of words and numbers to John. The harness itself was torn in ways that made it almost useless, belts slashed and mangled, the saddle between Hyperion’s shoulders skewed to one side. Had Victor remained tethered on to the harness he would have had a time just staying on during flight.
He was cut off by a grumbled “No,” again as Sherlock scrunched himself tighter into the cushions of the sofa.
“Aw don’t want to see your pet hurt?” Jim cooed over at Sherlock, even as Sherlock tried to struggle against his bonds. “You know, this way you get to see him alive a little longer? He just slowly gets turned into bits, easy to remove pieces first.” Her grip on John’s shoulder receded and John let out the breath he’d been holding against the pain. But her touch didn’t go away, making John cringe again as one of those long black nails traced gently along his skin, down his arm, up his ribs, nearly tickling in its delicacy. “Fingers, toes, ears,” Jim’s hand came up to pinch the closest earlobe, tugging playfully even as she was threatening to remove said body part.
“How about it Hyperion, can you turn over for Dr Molly?” Hyperion let out a long, tired groan before he began tucking his limbs back under himself, his numbed hind leg having a only little trouble with the move, scrabbling against the mat a bit until he managed to gain purchase with his toes. He rolled over on his belly and flopped with his back to them, shakily opening his freed left wing behind him to expose his right shoulder.
“Mmmhmm,” Sherlock hummed his affirmation, “There in the middle of the night Bellamy broke out of her shell. I bolted when I saw the crack I’d caused, didn’t even make it to the door before she popped her head out of the shell and took her first breath right away. You never quite forget that first sound, it’s a little sticky, a little gooey, kinda like a wet hiss; she still makes that sound if she gets sick.” Sherlock said fondly, gross as it sounded John could almost understand, he’d delivered a child or two in his life as a doctor, that first odd sort of wet burbling cry babies made when they’re first born sounded similar.
“I’d kill for a cigarette,” Sherlock said, not looking at John.
He thanked her and continued on into the enclosure. John was shocked by what he saw. It was nothing like the barren room where Hyperion had stayed in  Kandahar. Hyperion’s ‘pit’ was bigger, taller, and was completely furnished and waiting for him; the only thing even remotely resembling the lodging at the other Aerie was a sand pool in the middle and a light colored covering stretched across as a ceiling. Even that was different, since it appeared to be on a system similar to the one at the school where it could be easily rolled away. At the far end of the room lay an absolutely massive cushion that looked for all the world like a giant lumpy futon mattress, perfectly sized for a large dragon such as the one ambling towards it. The whole room contained multiple nooks and crannies to explore, alcoves carved into the stone walls containing large cabinets, racks, and workbenches, awnings stretching along walls providing shelter for an ancient looking sofa and a myriad of potted plants, huge palm trees in massive glazed brown and tan pots all of which looked as though they’d been rubbed bald on one side by a massive cat, and even a quiet fountain big enough for Hyperion to stick his head into.
“Of course it is, but your flatmate’s sister, who I’ve maybe mentioned once, deserves some space in there, yeah?” John replied with laughter in his voice.
Sherlock sighed and looked to John again, face pressed against Bellamy’s scales. "It was a year later after Carl’s passing that I claimed Bellamy,” he said.
“Know about me, yes.”
“Well, you’re not assigning him to work with Dr. Hooper, he’s got all the bedside manner of a mace to the head.” Stapleton chimed in.
“Later, not where others can hear us,” John hissed looking over at the row of riders getting their dragon’s harnessed and ready to fly.
Breakfast was a sluggish affair; he took a few more moments of peaceful drowsiness before he finally got up and unpacked the food. He sat in the curl of his still sleeping dragon to eat his breakfast of steak omelette, bacon, hash, and toast with jam. John wished he’d been coherent enough to ask the attendant about coffee, but the orange juice in the canister would do just fine. The repeated reminders to relax and bond echoed in his head; he didn’t need the caffeine boost anyway.
Everything opened up to the air, with no ceiling above them. Once they reached what appeared to be the center of the Aerie it opened into a massive open-air courtyard, big enough to accommodate many dragons it all at once. The jeep stopped and the escort hopped out and helped John out as well. The place was by no means deserted: there were various workers around, people carrying things here and there, working on bits of harnesses and equipment around the edges of the field. There were at least a few dragons spread out across the space being harnessed up or down by small teams of people.
Sherlock’s eyes darted between John and Lestrade’s faces, Lestrade’s stern and unmoving, John’s concerned. To John’s surprise Sherlock sighed, and with a dramatic eye roll he said, “fine, call them and have them meet me there.” Sherlock began to move past Lestrade.
“Are you feeling something?” Lestrade cast a glance over John.
“I’m sure not all of it was hers,” John said chuckling at the thought of Bellamy hatching a scheme to bring the two of them together. Though it wasn’t too far from the realm of possibility considering she was the one who pushed the two of them together for their first hug.
“Fine, fine, I give, I still don’t like it though.” John said, just as his stomach gave a large grumble.
Sherlock just huffed and slipped into the tank. John dove in after him, just missing the large guitarfish they shared the tank with as he broke the surface. They were a little closer to their changing time that morning, and only moments later John felt the twinges and pops Sherlock had warned him would become the norm.
“It’s alright. Like I told you before, we’ve seen this all before here at the Aerie, bonding when it’s first starting out makes even the toughest nestlings more emotional,” she said, opening the door and letting him step out first. She shoved his box of things out the door after him. A small open-topped jeep waited for them. Sally put his duffle and box in the back and ushered him into the passenger side. “You just keep the bond good and open, let him feel you out and communicate with him, you’ll both settle.” She started the engine and pulled out into the hall. “It’s just the final step to make sure you’re good and connected; if you can’t go anywhere in the Aerie without feeling that bond, we’ll put you back in with him for a little longer. Usually five days straight will do it, though, and you had some time before that too.”
Sherlock could feel and hear John shifting around him, the sliding of the drawer for the lube, and the faint plop of it hitting the sheets near his hip. John’s weight on his back was grounding. John scooted back so that he could lie down the length of Sherlock’s back with his penis along the groove of his arse. John began licking and sucking at his scars, the random contact to sensitive spots making his skin twitch and jump below John’s mouth. A light pleasurable buzz was forming in Sherlock’s head as he sank into the submissive place below John.
“Well, she took that well,” John said with a grimace, handing the phone back.
“Ride?!” John cried
“I know that, doesn’t mean it isn’t nice to look at,” John replied looking over at Sherlock, who was bundled into his coat, collar turned up, and scarf tied close to his throat standing close to Bellamy’s leg. They had stopped under one of the heaters on their way home at Sherlock’s insistence. John wasn’t arguing only because he could tell Hyperion’s leg was beginning to stiffen and ache in the cold, and he was starting to feel it keenly in his own thigh again.
John couldn’t help the snorted laugh that rattled Sherlock off his shoulder at that statement, Bellamy seemed to be using her own instinctual knowledge of what she wanted in a good mate and projecting it onto her human rider. He needed consistent feeding and safety coupled with things that she thought were nice.
“Because it doesn’t feel like much now, some twinges and disturbing pops and it’s done.”
“He was older, I was twenty-one and he was briefly assigned as my flatmate over the summer of 98’. I think I loved him more than he me but he was kind and affectionate. And then he was reassigned to an Aerie in Serbia.” Sherlock’s voice went cold.
John thought hazily.
“Yeah of all of the people in this Aerie I think he’s had the most time in the public eye recently, what with the wars and all.”
“We were both upset Sherlock, it’s okay now.” John rolled upwards into Sherlock, stroking along what he could reach from underneath him. “Look we’re both orange again,” John said with a reassuring smile in his voice. With all the handling and carrying and cuddling Sherlock had done for him John was well and truly orange again; Sherlock was too, with only a couple of larger blotches of honey yellow still showing through the orangey stains.
Mrs Hudson was still awake when John got there, her door sitting open just to the right of the stairs. John decided to check in with her just so she wouldn’t worry.
“We won’t fall, I assure you, we’ve made this flight hundreds of times perfectly safe, and if we do fall there is a parachute in that cubby I showed you. The emergency switch to open the door is in the little glass case near under the light switch, but you won’t need it at all. If it makes you feel safer you can put it on for your own peace of mind, but I assure you nothing will go wrong and everything will be fine,” he told him, returning to help John sit down again. “ Hold onto your dragon, he’ll help calm you down, I’m sure of it.”
“Good.” And with that they both went quiet again, eventually dozing off back to sleep.
“It’s from a captive clutch, well, even if it was destined for a feral release it’s not now. It’s only a few days premature I’d say, but god knows what went on before that. The egg yolk is absorbed, that is a definite positive, but it’s just too weak. Mike, I need you to get on the phone to Cardiff, tell them to check their White-Eye clutches see if this hatchling was meant to have a rider. If it does we’re going to need them flown out here ASAP, if not we’re going to find one here.” Mike was already heading for the door as she spoke, leaving John alone with Molly and the hatchling.
me, you don’t
The pair of dragons moved first, Bellamy and Hyperion walking side by side close together making their way down the hall, Sherlock followed quickly after, leaving John to bring up the rear.
And so they continued along, Sherlock leading the way.
“John?” Dimmock turned, sounding slightly startled to see him there.
“It was one of many possibilities,” Sherlock replied, squeezing John just a little tighter to him.
“An Aerie?” John said, staring back at the ceiling.
“Mike, have you seen Sherlock?” he asked, looking in the open door. The tiny dragon’s head popped up, head swiveling much like an owl’s on her shorter neck, to stare at John with big black eyes. As soon as John entered the lab she was up and scuttling towards him looking a bit like if a dragon was crossed with a pill bug as her short legs scurried across the linoleum, long spade tail straight out behind, claws clacking away.
Sherlock’s movements were bordering on frantic compared to his earlier lassitude, as though he felt like he needed to come right then and there along with John but the friction of rutting was not doing it. John let out an easy bubble of laughter into Sherlock’s neck and kissed him there. He moved one of his hands to Sherlock’s belly, feeling the hitch of breath as John laid his palm on the flat plane as Sherlock had done to him and then slid it down into Sherlock’s trousers.
“I’ll land her on a rooftop somewhere then,” Sherlock snarked back.
‘U r the Silver Sleuth guy in those vids u r cool do more.’ John read, which reminded him about what Lestrade had said, there were videos of Sherlock and Bellamy online. He chuckled at ‘Silver Sleuth’ before typing the name into the search bar.
“Sherlock?” Before John could really act Sherlock had stumbled into the loo and shut the door behind him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes with a sigh. “The world is so much smaller from a dragon’s back,” he said dramatically, slouching back into his chair.
“Good lad, you go wait outside, now,” Lestrade said. Once the nestling had left Sherlock approached, but Lestrade stopped him, setting the phone down on the table in between them and switching the speaker on. The sound of sniffling drifted up from the mobile. "Okay, could you repeat what you told me? Are you allowed?” Lestrade asked carefully. There was a long pause from the phone filled with the same sniffling. John recognized that sound as someone trying not to cry, someone who wants to wipe their face but can’t, it was almost never a good thing to hear and it sent a small fearful shiver up his spine at what he was about to hear come from the speaker.
“I am well enough, considering she’s got me right against her breast,” Sherlock said, sounding irritated by his confined state. John wondered if maybe Sherlock was trapped in there.
“Sherl?” John croaked out, trying to push himself away from the dark-haired man once his other ear was freed, only succeeding in having his palms slip out from under him and leave him lying on the floor.
“I’m sure my brother has already told you that I am a consulting detective for New Scotland Yard?”
“Sherlock!” John was up and after him knocking on the door, but all he got was the click of the lock, a brief hazy view of him through the frosted glass, and the scroll of the shower curtain.
The elder Holmes simply hummed, twirling his umbrella handle under his palm, steel blue eyes following the fish as it darted away down into a faux rock corner of the tank. “An eye out would be adequate. Good day, Dr Watson,” he said before turning and walking away into the crowds of families still bustling through the halls. John was left to ponder the strange man for a moment before he decided to make his way through the rest of the aquarium and out; he took one last look at the unique tuna, drifting by on his lonesome, through the glass top down view of the tank near the exits.
“You’re a keeper then?” John asked, noting the scratches that littered Sherlock’s torso. Considering the fact that they’d happened in the Aerie, unless there’d been some kind of knife fight, they were probably from small claws.
Sherlock sighed, eyes going towards the ceiling. He was quiet for a moment, as though he really had to dig back into whatever impressive filing system he kept.
?” John insisted, hoping Sherlock hadn’t been willing to risk whatever kind of poison had been in that capsule on a guess. When Sherlock didn’t answer right away he considered his fear confirmed. “God you were actually going to risk your life on a total guess!” John said, exasperated, “and what about Bellamy, you don’t love her enough to not take stupid idiotic risks like that?!”
“Do you think he could stand up, John?” Lestrade suddenly asked, after looking Hyperion over.
Sherlock reached up and straightened his scarf in what looked like an almost self-conscious gesture. “Four people are dead, there’s no time for the police.” And that cool mask was back as he popped up the back of his coat collar. He gave John a brief grin and there was that spark in his blue eyes, that cried, ‘follow me if you want an adventure!’ before turning down the stairs. John looked back into the flat at the mess Sherlock had left,
“John I heard screaming, that was wind noise a moment ago, what the hell is going on?” he asked, sounding panicked on the other end.
“I’m sorry, does it make you uncomfortable? I can put something on, it’s all right,” John asked. Hyperion turned his head to look back down his neck at his own body about the same time as a feeling of no and mild comfort of ‘it’s okay’.
John’s mind screamed at him alerting Hyperion to worry again and John to try and placate him and his own nerves. He turned and opened the door again. Sure enough, there was a human hand covered in cling film sitting on a white plate on the bottom shelf of the fridge. John shut the door again.
“Well, I mean what’s going to happen to him?”
“How did you know that it wouldn’t hurt him when he changed back?” John asked finally looking up at Mycroft with a small stab of concern running through his mind. Mycroft didn’t answer right away, opting instead to straighten his tie and coat quietly. “Mycroft.” John said again with a little more threat thrown in.
“A mystery wrapped up in a hostage situation, with a puppetmaster,” Sherlock said, stopping.
“Sherlock?” John’s mind reached out sluggishly, waking up a bit more.
The dragon baths were incredible to see, John had been briefly driven past the entrance during his tour but had yet to see inside. The whole area was massive, the gigantic oval of a pool at its center creating almost an arena-like appearance. One end of the pool sloped into the water like a beach, allowing dragons to simply walk in gradually. The opposite end, so deep the water turned dark, was just a straight drop like a regular pool. The reason for that John could see as they entered; there were large sturdy cranes mounted along the top of the wall, the arms of which swung out over the water. There was a dragon roughly half the size of Hyperion suspended by broad straps connected to a crane being lifted from the water and set down on one of the many stone steps around the edge of the room.
“Can I touch you?” He asked. Sherlock’s eyebrows rose and he seemed to bodily shrink back. “No, I mean can I hold you? Just cuddling, nothing more.”
“Just want you, John,” Sherlock sobbed, balancing on the thin line between the pool of a blissful orgasm and a pit of completely overwhelmed discomfort. John saw the trapeze act and decided to finally take pity on his mate, giving him a gentle mental shove in the right direction towards that pool. He gathered Sherlock in his arms as best he could, giving him a good solid hug while flooding his mind with love and lust and every good feeling John could muster.
“Surprisingly often,” Sherlock said. The bit of John that had become exceedingly bruised from being stomped down over the past months swelled and let out a happy burst somewhere near his heart upon hearing that. Sherlock wanted him, Sherlock had wanted him for some time and John could have acted on that part’s wishes but hadn’t. The spark of joy was tempered by that realization, their relationship could have grown into something else, something more, so much earlier.
Hyperion didn’t seem too convinced and John could sense a similar parting to the first one he’d been forced to make in Kandahar. “I’ll leave some of my things here with you, will that help? Something that smells and reminds you of me?” John asked. A small nod with a tiny ‘yes’ floated across the bond. John smiled for him. “Okay. Now, I’ve got to go. If you get scared just give me a nudge, but I’m going to be alright and so will you,” he said. John reached up and gave Hyperion a hug, his wounded arm still aching and stinging as he moved it, but he needed it. Hyperion managed to get one arm partway over his nose and the other sprawled across the curve of his cheek but at least an attempt was made and it sure made John feel better. “Tom’s going to be by today for your feeding; be good for him, and don’t go getting into the sand. You’re not healed up enough for it with no bandages on, and remember to drink your water.”
“If you had been paying attention last night, rather than shouting at me,” Sherlock began, “you would have noticed that during our conversation, the matter of two pills came up.” Sherlock steepled his fingers in front of his mouth. “The second pill was in a small bottle; I grabbed it before Bell decided to break in.”
John pushed inwards with his hand at the same time he leaned forward to capture Sherlock’s lips, nearly folding him in half with the knee that had managed to find its way over John’s shoulder. “Ready?” he asked teasingly, curling fingers hard inside, stroking inner walls, and making Sherlock writhe a little more.
“Oh, no; three times is when he’s really roaring busy and flying long distances with large loads for days in a row, things like that, lots of energy burned needs to be replaced quickly. No, no, right now, as inactive as he is, he gets one big full feeding a week with his supplements and then small snacks, like chickens, daily with his painkillers, and a small feeding on the weekend to tide him over. Feeding him three times a week right now, god, he’d be so fat he’d never be able to get off the ground when the time came.” He looked up at Hyperion, who was still bent, flickering his tongue over the floor, inspecting for stray blood splatters. “Doubt we’ll have him up beyond a couple feedings a week for a long time, honestly; Dr Hooper said he’d be recovering for a while.”
“It is being handled. They will be properly moved and cared for. Go. Home.” The underlying tone of ‘I am your Commander, I have given you an order, you will obey it’ rang in the repetition of the command. “Anthea, return Dr Watson to the Aerie.”
“Overdid it, need a drink,” John chuckled weakly, moving to get up again a little slower this time. He padded off into the kitchen on wobbly legs to grab some water glasses. He didn’t expect Sherlock to follow him, but there he was, dragging the sheets with him like an oversized toga.
John watched him go for a moment.
“We live in that,” Sherlock replied staring into the tank, he moved away from John again wobbling over till he was pressed forehead and nose squashed against the thick wall of acrylic.
When they arrived at the flat it was just as they’d left it earlier. It held its usual warm cozy atmosphere with a thin veneer of Christmas decorations, little white strings of lights and garland over the mantelpiece, a santa hat on the skull next to a handful of christmas cards, a tiny tree on the table perched atop gifts that had appeared over the last few days, with Sherlock’s usual level of detritus surrounding it, and a few more lights around the windows and over the kitchen cabinets. All in all warm and comfy and now that they were home in the privacy of the flat with the door locked behind them John looked to Sherlock.
“You texted, said there was another suicide,”
“I met you and we live with a bunch of sharks and-and silver trevally fish,” Sherlock stated bluntly. John could see his light blue eyes wide and staring into the tank that they spent a major chunk of their time swimming in. He could almost feel Sherlock spiraling into becoming a gloomy drunk as Sherlock continued to stare, forehead against the glass as though he was about to sink through into the blue water beyond.
“The stains, John.” He only squeezed all the tighter, as if he wanted them to just absorb into one being so that John would be safe forever. John understood then why Sherlock had asked, the fading stains earlier; John had already forgotten about it all together. The kidnapping and seeing Sherlock coming to his rescue, enraged to extremely gentle in the blink of an eye, had wiped the incident from his mind.
John thought.
“We can work on that,” John said, edging a little closer til they sat hip to hip almost and Sherlock’s curly mop suddenly landed on his shoulder.
“Already? You just got in this morning.” Mrs Hudson had her doors open at the bottom of the stairs. John caught a glimpse of Angus, staring wide eyed and fixated on the television, a bowl of leafy greens between his forearms. Mrs Hudson was in the hall with Sherlock, “I hope you’re not overworking, Bell worries about you, I know she does.” Sherlock paused in his passing to look at Mrs Hudson. He leaned down and gave her a quick hug and peck on the cheek.
The bandages covering John’s shoulder in the first days of his hospitalization had been reduced from a hulking pad to a few pads of gauze taped over the bullet wound. John knew he would have scars, a larger one on his back from the bullet’s exit point. He’d seen when the nurses changed the bandages. There was purple bruising around the area extending beyond the smaller covering. Otherwise that arm stayed immobilized in a sling. John knew he would be seeing a physical therapist in his future. He also knew he would be sent home: no use having a shaky, one-handed medic in the field. Even if he didn’t have a newly bonded dragon in tow they would have sent him home; the dragon only expedited the orders.
“I think we’re done here,” John said as the man stepped towards him, closing the gap.
“How do you mean?” John asked looking up at the snow drifting down around them.
John won out in the end. Sherlock began telling him about a case that had involved a homeless man found frozen to death on the front step of a shop in the middle of winter. Turned out the homeless man wasn’t homeless at all, but a rather wealthy banker who had been dressed in rags after being murdered and was placed there. Sherlock had been called in to help figure out who did it and why.
“Duly noted,” John replied distractedly, trying to concentrate harder on the bond for a moment. He hadn’t even really thought to feel for anything unusual, and with the off and on contact he’d had since they met, it worried him that Hyperion could possibly already have experienced attacks,
“Why’s it gone?” he asked. He felt content with what she’d told him so far. It was a comfort to know that what was going on in his head was a normal thing that came with dealing with a dragon. The concept was still a little strange, but as good as the bond made him feel he was sure he could get used to it quickly enough. At the back of his brain the thought of ‘get the connection back now!’ was skittering around scratching away. Helen just smiled at him.
“Sherlock Holmes, you are confined to the Aerie until further notice. Bellamy will be put under 24-hour surveillance. You will only be allowed to fly her within the training fields under the supervision of another rider--”
The rest of that first full day of bonding drifted by quietly, John comfortable under the warm tent of Hyperion’s drooping left wing. He dozed off and on along with Hyperion, who was happy that John was relaxed again. John finally rose in the evening to get some water and, as he looked at Hyperion, remembered what Molly had said about getting him up to walk around and to take his bandages off.
“No,” John replied quickly, seeing Sherlock’s face rapidly start to fall, “No, nothing wrong, just a bit… unexpected is all,” John said finally kneeling and joining Sherlock on the blanket, sitting on the vacant cushion.
“John Watson, this is my second in command, Sally Donovan.”  Lestrade introduced her, taking the smaller pile over to the crate. John held out his hand to shake hers when she shifted her bundle to offer.
“No problem.” And with that they left John to the silence of the crate, the only sounds being the great whuffs Hyperion’s breathing and the distant noises of late night activity on the landing field.
“Shit, John, put me on speakerphone, I got that call,” John did so and he heard a slightly distant sounding crying, Lestrade had put the woman on speaker as well so they could all hear.
“Messier than that egg? I’m still finding gooey spots on the floor. Gorier than surgery on a battlefield?”
“What the--?” John sputtered as Bellamy’s head swung away from them. She lay down in front of them, the saddle at the base of her neck presented with a couple footholds on the band for climbing up the short distance to it.
“You’d really rather not know,” Sherlock said, muffled by his gloves.
“Told you it can get messy,” Tom said indicating the watery blood smeared on his hands and the apron that covered his knees. “The fun part is how he gets it. Sure, I could just give him the cart and let him gorge on it, but that might also make him sick eating too fast or lose a pill he needs to take. Hyperion here is a nice one so I could probably just plop it in his mouth, but where’s the fun in that? Tom grinned at John, and then said, “Hyperion, catch!” Tom tossed the chunk into the air towards Hyperion, who bolted for it instantly, his long neck swiftly struck out. His open teeth snatched the piece right out of the air. Hyperion tossed his head to get the piece down out of his teeth and into the back of his throat;John could watch the small bulge of it slowly slide down his neck. Joy and satisfaction echoed all around the bond, the eagerness for more sharing space with the brief satiation.
“Come on let’s keep going,” John said tugging Sherlock away from the window. Sherlock hobbling along easily until they were out of sight of the shark tank.
“Okay… Okay what do you want?” John asked backing away, eyes locked on the little silver penknife. “Whatever you want, it’s not worth killing him for it.”
“Ah! So you’re the freak’s new roommate!” she said, her eyes widening and a small smirk pulling at her lips.
They continued to the landing field, coming out of a different hallway than they had left by, entering farther away from Hyperion’s crate. Said dragon was out of the crate and stood leaning a shoulder heavily against it. A small team of Aerie staff and Lestrade stood around him; Lestrade near his bowed head, hands upraised in a placating manner towards his panting muzzle. The closer John got the more he felt the exhaustion coming from Hyperion, the muzzy tiredness of having to stand coupled with an underpinning of pain coming from limbs stiffened by injuries and immobility. An urge at the back of his head told John to run to him, even though he was not that far away and running would not help the situation at hand. But the fact that Sally and a Master were present kept him walking; no reason to embarrass himself in front of them. Sally gave him a sidelong glance with a small smirk.
With a put-upon sigh Mycroft looked towards the window and said, “Put your clothes on.” John was slightly thankful for the polite head turn to grant him some level of privacy as he struggled into his things even though Mycroft had already seen him in the buff at least a couple of times.
Hyperion pushed a memory to him, of Victor coming to him positively reeking of Sherlock, of meeting Sherlock and Bellamy for the first time on duty around the Aerie, at the landing field, in the hall, and putting that smell and the man together.
He just floated there, the normally beautiful surroundings of the tank he’d seen from behind glass a distorted nightmare that he could not even blink away. The other tuna stayed close by, bumping into him now and then, causing him to slowly spiral through the tank.
John walked to the body and pulled in the parachute still billowing in the dying sunlight. He wrapped Victor’s corpse in the fabric and used the cords to drag him behind as he walked. John only made it a few steps like that before he felt his burden lessen and turned to see Hyperion as delicately as he’d ever seen, pick up the bundle with his mouth and gently lay it across his own shoulders.
“Your gills are gone,” John remarked quietly, hand finding Sherlock’s and meshing their fingers together, “and the webbing.”
“John, there’s no rocks in here,” Sherlock giggled, still sitting on a rather pinned John, who had his head laying back against the glass of the mullet fish tank that created the other side of the walkway.
“Please tell me someone called 999,” John said towards the counter where he knew the staff were still hiding.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John said weakly. The dot was nowhere near the Aerie and was actually moving even farther away. John stared at the map for a moment and even as he watched the dot came to a halt. The sudden stop on the map made him jump up. Sherlock was being kidnapped, God, he couldn’t lose his new flatmate after only one day. John took to the stairs, rushing to his room. He wrenched open the bottom bedside drawer where his gun lay buried. Downstairs again, the dot hadn’t moved, stopped somewhere called Roland-Kerr Further Education College. John paused. The murderer took his victims to secluded places, and a college campus was big enough that Sherlock could be anywhere. How could he find him fast enough in that mess? He ran out the door, still trying to think.
''I wouldn't drink out of that cup. Doesn't look very clean.''
I throw the glass paper weight across the floor. It - remarkably - doesn't smash. It just hits the fireplace with a terribly loud sound.
My mind is hissing suggestions at me; none of them are kind. But that is nothing new, and nothing I haven’t experienced countless times a day for the entirety of my time on earth.
''And what happened in 2006?''
There are only small steps upward; an easier day, an unexpected laugh
He nods morosely at the sheet.
It's warmer than his hands and feet, so the sensation isn't uncomfortable.
At first, I hadn't truly understood what he was asking.
''You are run down,'' and he takes a step towards me, and places his arm on my upper arm, my shoulder.
You've already had a panic attack in front of John Watson.
''I don't know,'' he says primly, and it's only now that I hear it: a raspy edge to his voice. A hoarseness.
I can recall my amusement when Sherlock had asked the date after I inquired if he was going to actually join me in eating anything. To his question, I had informed him it was Wednesday of that particular week.
I bite back a moan and keep my head down on the side table.
Toby completely burrows his head into my shoulder.
"I don't have any...romantic feelings for your brother, Mycroft. Please believe me."
''You've made yourself a little nook,'' I say amicably.
It's telling me: this isn't about Sherlock anymore.
I let the words echo through my skull before responding.
He doesn't return.
"Answer me! You brought this up! You had to know! So answer me! If I tell you that nothing happened to me - that I was never hurt like that - will you believe me? If I promise you that I'm speaking the truth?"
I feel a weird tightness in my stomach. A brief, fluttering awareness of pain.
''Yuri, I don't know what he's talking about! Not really! I know he's hurt, but I don't really know what I *did*.''
and rambling words
''What if I were repressing those types of feelings?,'' I start, uneasily, ''Couldn't I just not be aware of it? Because of everything? With Harry? Because I know what feeling like this would do to him?''
''How long is 'not long'?,'' I pry.
Then it turned. It came back; I couldn't breathe.
''What?'' I rasp, barely recognizing my voice. ''My God...they are *people* Sherlock...they, I would never-''
I had sat tight-lipped (read: ashamed) in his office.
I brush his curls out of his eyes. His hair is greasy - as if he hasn't been allowed to shower - and he looks as if he's ready to collapse.
''You could say that,'' I mutter. ''I mean - seriously - what is the likelihood? It's all culminating today? Some big, cosmic certainty? Everyone on board now? I mean what?!''
The autumn leaves crunch under his feet, splintering.
I just bring ruin wherever I go; I can't help it.
It's probably the most generous description that I'm likely to ever get from Sally Donovan.
I let my hand come up to his, and touch the cool flesh. His eyes decrease in size. Squint. Lemon eyes.
Last night: an IV.
Because in the awareness that both of John's parents drank, and drank far too much, my initial feeling wasn't one of sadness. Like it should have been. Like it would have been for any good friend of an exceptional person, as is the case here. No, instead, my first thought was envy. It was this: that dealing with passed out parents would be better than dealing with lucid, cruel ones.
''Can I go home soon?,'' he asks anxiously, and the doctor looks over at me - as if I'm the cause of my friend's aberrant behaviour.
His own sits emptily besides it.
''Sleep, love. Rest up. Get better, okay?,'' I say in low tones, not wanting to rouse Sherlock.
Seemed to appreciate the fact that I was focusing on a normal situation, a normal byproduct of increased caffeine use in any person; any person on the planet would find it difficult to sleep deeply after drinking a caffeinated beverage so close to a time when they'd be getting ready for bed.
I scratch the inside of my wrist and try to revel in the slight pain.
''I said non-sexual! Nothing sexual!''
But I don't comment on his selection of clothes. I don't comment on the fact that his abnormal sensitivity to the cold is part and parcel of his being sick. I wouldn't be informing him of something of which he wasn't already, at least on some level, aware. So I simply walk alongside him at a semi-rushed pace as we make our way to the tube.
When I turn around, Sherlock is sitting atop the table, bypassing the use of chairs entirely. His feet graze along the floor as he swings them about, like a four year old.
''That's intimacy to you?,'' he asks awkwardly, his guard down.
''Sherlock?,'' I question, moving my chair closer to his bed.
Or if not him - him as he is now - to pick up and hold the tiny little child that I can see looking back out at me this instant, with huge eyes - wondering what's happening. Wondering why we've stopped.
My throat is stuck. I cannot swallow.
In almost every respect he is incredibly revealing. And right now his behaviour is revealing that he is fatigued and also disheartened. With me.
not about being hurt.
Mycroft looks at his lap. He looks sadder than me.
"Oh, I am so sorry you are in such a difficult position. However shall you cope?"
I know this.
Of course he sees that as the wisest way of proceeding. How silly of me to assume the two would actually talk about this.
Sherlock appraises the offerings before picking up a Perrier – as is his routine - cracking the lid, and winding his way around to the sofa – not the loveseat as he usually selects.
I bite back a laugh despite my nervousness, and Yuri opens the door yet again, indicating with his hand where I can sit.
''No,'' I stress. ''I haven't. Hence my confusion. I mean...I am 42 years old. I should know what I am by now.''
When he speaks, the word water comes out as 'waa-taa' and spinach comes out as 'spin-eech.'
''Can you comprehend that I might have just a couple dozen things going on right now, dealing with Sherlock alone?,'' I growl in irritation, and that seems to do the trick. Sally now looks away as if pained.
Because I am nearly 42 years old. Too old to be going through a sexuality crisis.
He shrugs awkwardly. Rubs against his legs.
''How did you get him to stop?,'' I ask carefully. Needing to know.
''What truth would that be then, Mycroft?''
I squint at my mug, and say, ''Sherlock is French?''
''Perhaps it would be better if you stayed with Mycroft,'' I attempt with strict control over my voice. ''I don't think he triggers you, correct?''
It's always there.
In fact, I was not nervous at all. I was entranced, and felt alive and libidinous and fascinated by his anxiety.
I shake my head, not trusting my voice.
I hear, rather than see John depart; my body releases a pent up breath with relish as I turn in against the wall, my mind frantically racing.
Please.
I mostly feel numb. And when I don’t feel numb – I mostly feel bad – that much is true. But “feeling bad” is not a good enough descriptor for what I am experience according to Doctor John and Doctor Yuri. I know they want more than words that are baldly basic such as “bad” or “off” or words like “numb” even though this is the closest I can get towards describing my reality without inserting other statements which I have a hard time grasping.
