There’s a lull in the conversation then, and Dean chances a quick look up. Castiel is showing no signs of emotion whatsoever. But his attention is fully on Dean. Dean, who has put off the most important thing he came here to do long enough. “Castiel, I am
no funny business. Cas has been through enough today as is, the last thing he needs right now is for someone to try and get in his pant when he’s at his most vulnerable.
“You did, sweetheart,” Dean confirms, because fried brain or not, he won’t allow his huge-hearted boyfriend to spoil this for himself. “I love that you did this for us,” he adds before kissing Cas on his full, plush lips. “You’re beautiful like this,” he then says, before rolling his hips up enough to remind Cas why they’re here.
Dean seemed to get free of his momentary paralysis after a few moments and launched himself at Castiel, hugging him tight, his breath shaky, his arms like vices around the angel.
That was also when Cas asked him to teach him how to deepthroat, because he felt he hadn’t been “good enough” to take the face fucking Dean had delivered – which was, obviously, bullshit because Cas simply
That, considering Cas’s background, Dean had felt on top of the world the whole day after Cas had said that, because it was the ultimate proof that he trusted Dean and felt safe and taken care of, was never mentioned. Or thought about. Uh uh. Not at all. Not even a little.
He’s tall, not as much as Dean but almost, broad shoulders and strong biceps, massively thick thighs Dean really can’t wait to bite and an ass Dean’ll be more than pleased to fuck open.
Dean’s certain Cas's wrong. He was even about to say that, but he thought better of it. His boyfriend had been adamant that he’d forgotten some papers he needs to file the tax report due in a couple of days in the backseat of the Impala. He’d claimed he needed those papers desperately and sent Dean to retrieve them
“You know exactly what I want.” He whispered fiercely. “I wanted to find you, Dean. The second I felt your soul cross over. But I didn’t think you would want me around after all that. You told me not to do it, remember? And you’ve never said anything yourself and I thought...”
Sam and Dean leave the crime scene. They drive a few short miles away before parking the Impala off the road and under a tree. Dean can’t let his Baby roast in the heat! Sam is tracing routes on the map he has spread out on his side of the warm metal and Dean is flipping frantically through John’s old journal.
“No! Cas. Don’t. Don’t do it. Please don’t. It hurts man. It hurts so fucking bad. I can’t... I don’t -” His breath shudders as the Angel releases his grip.
With the young boys behind them, they all turn to leave and see four skeleton-masked Vampires blocking the door. Sam could swear one of them was a bodybuilder before he was bitten. He turns the kids towards the back of the barn. “Go. Go. Go. Run!” The kids do as they’re told and race off into the night. Sam can only hope they get somewhere safe as he joins his brother in facing off against the squad of Vampires.
With a nod, Cas, reached out and took the cuff of Dean’s sleeve in their hand. They stared at the familiar handprint stained into the fabric of the green jacket’s shoulder feeling unsure what to do next. They just knew that they didn’t want to be in the club anymore, nor did they want to be upstairs where Gabriel and Sam had gone. Looking at their brothers, Cas asked as quietly as they could, if they could leave. Cas waited until they both nodded, Sami with a soft understanding smile and Amenadiel with a touch of confused concern.
“Cas.” The name slipped out of his mouth without his permission. A soft prayer and plea for his best friend to hear. The angel’s head jerked away from where they had been watching their brothers to look straight up to where Dean and Sam were standing in the shadows on the upper level of the club.
Gabriel rolled his eyes before shrugging. “It might have been a little heavy handed, but it doesn’t count. You did learn something from that.”
Pouring another finger of whiskey into the glass that he was clutching, he glared at the bottle of Jameson. He pressed his lips together to prevent either a sigh or a sob from escaping again. Tossing it back, he poured another and was about to toss this one back when a dark skinned and haired demon sat at the bar next to him. He watched as she reached over his brother’s private bar and grabbed a clear bottle of vodka. Without a word, she unscrewed the top and offered to pour some into his whiskey for him. After he shook his head she shrugged and proceeded to raise the bottle to her lips and chug it.
“Damn right I’m not.” Came the slightly muffled reply from where Casi had reburied their head in Dean’s side.
Snorting at the disbelief in Dean’s voice, Cas rolled their eyes. “Are any of us Dean?” Not waiting for Dean’s reaction they pulled the hunter behind them, leading him down the hall to the coat room, where they quietly asked the young woman manning the room to fetch their coat. Once she had disappeared into the room Cas turned back to Dean. “Frankly, he has less blood on his hands than Gabriel or I do. I’m sure you will have noticed that this world is far kinder than the ones Chuck created.”
I hope you enjoyed the reunion from Lucifer's POV and please do look forward to next week when Dean and Cas will have some time to themselves to talk.
A lopsided smile appeared on Winchester’s face as he shrugged. “Well, I’m Dean Winchester. The moose that Gabriel just herded away from us is my brother Sam. We, ah… well your Dad kinda sent us.” He looked down at Casi. “Brought over the whole damn Bunker too.”
“Oh, I assure you Meni, Dean is a very good fighter.” Casi met Lucifer’s gaze and their smirk softened into a smile. “I can honestly say that he has stood up to, many an angel and helped me smite many a demon in the other realm. He holds an angel blade of his own and has been killed and risen more than any other human in history.” Casi ignored the muttered ‘thanks to Gabriel’ that their partner uttered. “He is the Righteous Man. Heaven itself couldn’t stand up to him.”
“Well, there you go.” Dean’s grin was bright as he tossed back the rest of his drink. “Looks like Sammy and me will be in LA for a while.”
Winchester didn’t look in the least perturbed by Casi’s sudden appearance, instead he was sipping at the drink that Lucifer’s sibling had handed him with a smile on his face. His free hand was rubbing up and down Casi’s back below the younger angel’s wings as they clung to him like a limpet. Casi was obviously not minding since they were just smiling up at Lucifer and Amenadiel with a slightly sinister smile.
Looking up at him, Cas slowly released Dean’s sleeve and slid their hand into his lacing their fingers together. “Is this alright?”
Two days after the benefit, Lucifer had not only installed the hunters into his Malibu beach house but had found a time to introduce Sam and Dean to his favorite gym for sparing practice. Sam ended up actually being very impressed by it and that it was just as big as Lucifer had described. It had turned out that the warehouse size gym was primarily used for one of the larger gymnastic schools in LA and Lucifer had a deal with the owners that he got to use it with his siblings and guests on the days that it was closed and there were no gymnastic classes or meets.
“We should probably get them out of here Luci.” Amenadiel’s voice was only a whisper as he placed a hand on Lucifer’s shoulder. “Preferably before the humans get any more curious.”
Standing at the foot of the hospital bed was a short, slim figured, androgynous bodied, scrub and scowl wearing, apparently Indian person, who looked about ten seconds away from smiting the next person to talk to them. Their vivid green eyes were ablaze with fury and their arms were crossed firmly against their chest, blue-black wings puffed up and quivering behind them.
He nearly flinched when Sammykins reached out with one hand and tucked a loose strand of hair back behind his ear. The other man’s fingers lingering on his cheek. Gabriel could feel his wings start to shiver in response to his proximity to the other man, but he kept them tight against his back no matter how much he wanted to stretch and reach them forward to wrap Sam up in them. It wouldn’t do to let the patrons of his brother’s club see that they were very much the real dealio. As long as they thought that they were just fake cosplay wings that was one thing, but he had promised Sami to keep them under control while he was downstairs in the club.
Lucifer couldn’t deny that. It wasn’t right, but still… “There are procedures for that. A complaint process through HR.”
One of the things that did end up surprising the younger Winchester though was the outfits that the angels were planning to spar in. Amenadiel was dressed in a dark gray sleeveless tunic that fell to his knees with loose pants underneath and matching cloth vambraces. Cas was dressed similarly, but he was in a dark blue tunic with a long-sleeved white under shirt and no vambraces, while Gabriel was dressed in pure white with the hems edged in gold and brown vambraces. Lucifer’s tunic on the other hand, fell asymmetrically across the front hemline and was a dark silver with a black collar, while his vambraces were burgundy. None of the angels wore shoes.
Pulling a face, she shrugged. “If it’s not fixed, Casi is going to be without their special person. Eternity is kinda a long time to not have your bonded. I mean I just gotta wait another forty or fifty years for Ella, no biggy… but Casi and GeGe…” She looked at her Father briefly and shrugged again. “GeGe would probably be okay because his bond with you was never able to get that strong, but Casi is so tied to Dean-o that for them to be separated permanently would be torture. Casi need Dean and if Dean dies here, then he’ll be in Heaven here and here is where Casi can’t be.”
“Thank you. It did.” Cas watched silently as Linda moved to leave the room, just before she was out of sight, they called out to her. “Doctor Martin, please call me Cas.”
Today though, the only equipment that the angels were planning to use were Gabriel’s archangel blade and Cas, Dean, and Sam’s regular angel blades and the regular gymnastics equipment that might get in the way, had been put aside against the walls if it could be moved without disrupting the room. When Gabriel had asked what had happened to his own blade, Lucifer had blushed and stuttered something about his Mother and blatantly changed the subject. As for Amenadiel, he had just shrugged and stated that he had never needed one, though he was not opposed to borrowing one from one of his younger siblings. Sam had handed his over to the eldest angel, since he himself had no desire to do any sparring.
Chloe just ignored their coworker in order to focus on the obviously distraught archangel. She carefully wiped the tears from his cheeks and when she spoke it was in a hushed whisper. “Hello Gabriel. It’s Chloe. I’m going to go make dinner and if you feel up to it you are more than welcome to join us for movie night. Okay?” After she was done speaking, she waited until after he had nodded before standing. Grabbing Ella’s arm, she hauled their coworker to her feet and just about dragged the other woman over to the bar to grab the bags before disappearing into the kitchen.
Lucifer felt a swell of pride in how his younger sibling was standing up for their bonded. It was nice to see that they were happy. He had set up this whole charity night to help both of his recovering younger siblings and he was glad that it actually was helping. Spotting Chloe across the room, he waved her over. “Well, I know this absolutely lovely private gym that has appropriately high ceilings and an excessively large sparring area that you are both welcome to join me at some time soon. For now,” he took Chloe’s hand when she joined them, “This is Detective Chloe Decker. She is my partner at the LAPD and I absolutely adore her.”
When Lucifer spoke, the smooth cultured British voice that emerged actually startled Dean. “Well, that would depend on if you are who you appear to be.”
Rolling her eyes, Ella finally gave up on trying to get a reaction from her friend and hopped up onto one perfectly clean counter in the ginormous kitchen. “No but seriously. Who the hell was that? And like why the hell did I feel like I was smothered in, like… grief, just looking at him?”
Daniel took a careful half step forward, even as the blade swung closer to him as the person holding it trembled. Meeting unfocused eyes, he spoke quietly in what he hoped was a soothing tone. “You’re looking for someone? I can help. I’m a Detective with the LAPD. I can help you find who you’re looking for. Just tell me your name.”
Lucifer shared a look with Amenadiel at the unexpected softening of their brother’s voice when he addressed Sam Winchester. It didn’t take long after Winchester had backed them away from the staircase before the smaller archangel had hauled the taller human away leaving them to handle the other man who was just watching them walk away with a smile on his face. Dean Winchester looked every inch the red blooded American male that the media had portrayed his fictional counterpart as. Although somehow in the short moments that he had been distracted with watching Gabriel, Castiel had wormed their way under the hunter’s arm and had glued themself to his side.
Gabriel watched Doctor Martin until she disappeared into the elevator before turning his attention to the card that was now in his hand. Shrugging, he pocketed it and found himself putting the whiskey bottle down. Maybe he would call her, but for now maybe he would talk to Cas. Looking towards the hallway where their rooms were, he saw his baby brother standing watching him with his usual calm expression. Feeling a small smile pull at his lips, he saw Cas’ shoulders relax and a smile made its appearance on his younger sibling’s face. Maybe he should lay off the booze a bit and spend more time with Cas if it made the younger angel smile like that.
The video cut to the trio as they exited a high end store. The honey bronze skinned person in the front was tiny and wore a familiar exasperated expression on their face as they turned to make a comment over their shoulder at the two men following. The reporter started to speak again just as Gabriel started to laugh, the other man following just a second later. “
Just as he was about to break down and actually give in to the urge to pray to his angel, the passenger door opened and broke him from his thoughts. Sam slipped into the car and dangled a keycard in front of his face. “Fancy.”
given him insight though. Even though it had hurt to watch it, he had watched as much of it as he could over the last week at night or whenever Sam was sleeping, skipping over some things that he didn't want to revisit yet.
“I think I like him.” Turning his hand over Dean flexed his fingers a couple of times until Cas came to the realization that Dean was waiting for them to take his hand.
“It means that He likes you.” Gabriel sighed as he took another drink from the bottle, wishing that he hadn’t thrown his glass. Oh well if wishes were fishes and all that. “From what I can tell, he just gave you a bit of extra longevity. Probably because you gave him a grandkid.”
“Yup. Apparently, I picked well when I changed out looks a few centuries back. I made me look like me.” Picking up his own glass he took a sip of the smooth whiskey before reclining back into the couch cushions.
Sam chuckled at that, having spent the conversation so far silent, just nodding periodically as Gabriel talked. “That does sound like him.”
Sam watched as Dean’s thoughts turned inwards. He knew what the final answer was. Dean had already agreed, but it would be nice to have the place that had become their home go with them too. “Well I don’t know about Dean, but I wouldn’t mind taking a copy of this place with us. Dean will probably want the original of his car though.”
Losing Cas had wrecked him. He knew that he tried not to show it, but it was true anyways. He had lost it the last time too. But this time had been better, but even worse at the same time. This time Cas had had time to say goodbye and it had still felt like daggers were being plunged into his heart. He had only just started to accept that he felt more than he ever really thought he had about his best friend. And then to have him say that and get pulled into the Empty right after…
Lucifer couldn’t help it when his own smile surfaced on his face. “I do believe that we were in the process of introductions.”
“Elohim told me the day we came here. You missed that part of the conversation, I think. I wasn’t sure if I should tell you.” Shrugging, Sam closed his laptop and stood. “Does it really matter? From what I could see in that video he looks happier. He doesn’t have to worry about anything from our old realm anymore. He’s free, without his family’s drama, just like he wanted to be. Plus, Cas is with him. And you know how much he cares about Cas. He’s not going to let anything happen to him.”
The low voice that came from his sibling was raspy and barely a whisper, but it drew a soft smile to his lips anyways. Looking over his sibling, he realized that he did remember them. “Your older brother.” He kept his own voice calm and quiet, in the manner that his detective had long despaired of convincing him to use with case victims. Switching out of English and into the multi-phonic Enochian speech of their family was as easy as breathing, and he figured that it could only help his case convincing his sibling that they were safe. “You are one of the 144 lost-taken-stolen fledglings. Youngest-save-one of my siblings. You are my beloved-favorite-happiness. Little-tiny-bright spot. Casi, my brother-sister-light Castiel.”
Shaking his head Dean stood. “Nope. It’s Supernatural themed. Since we look like the actors when they’re dressed like us, then they should just let us in.”
It’s been a month since then and Jack hadn’t returned to talk more about it. Dean hadn’t gotten any better either. Oh, he tried to act like nothing had happened, but Sam could see that it wasn’t. Dean wasn’t sleeping well and when he thought Sam wasn’t looking, he just stared off into the distance with a melancholy that Sam knew he couldn’t fix. Today though, Dean just seemed more quiet than usual and there was nothing going on that Sam could use to distract his older brother.
Gabriel sighed as he realized that he was going to have to explain his own sibling’s biological sex to Sam. Not part of how he had ever thought any sort of reunion with Sammykins would go. He had personally wanted there to be far more sweets, maybe some chocolate sauce, definitely some whip cream, and much less clothing. He wanted to explain the bond that they had inadvertently created between themselves the first time that they had touched in that stupid collage stairwell a decade ago. It had been just a brush of fingers against bare skin, but it had been enough that his Grace had latched on to the beautifully innocent young man’s soul.
Once they had both nodded at him, Lucifer started to sing the opening verse of the song, Gabriel taking over halfway through and then Cas joined both of them on the chorus. Dean was entranced. Moving closer to the banister, Dean leaned on the railing smiling as he watched the three sing his favorite song, switching out who was singing at different points in the verses. He didn’t even react to Sam coming up to lean against the rail by his side.
“Before?” Whiskey eyes met chocolate, before narrowing as their owner contemplated the other male angel. After a moment Gabriel’s face reflected shock as he straightened pushing Cas until they were almost completely behind him. His eyes hardened as he pressed Cas awkwardly into his back. “Tell me the truth. What I remember, is it real?”
Sam gingerly took the whiskey glass as he sat carefully next to the archangel, very sweetly making sure that none of Gabriel’s feathers ended up getting crushed under his ever so impressive long legs. “So, this is what you actually look like?”
There paused on the screen was a tabloid news site’s video of Gabriel looking up to the sky with a grin on his face, his arms up with both of his hands buried in his hair, a taller black haired man standing next to him caught in the act of laughing while a smaller black haired person standing in front of both was turned halfway looking over their shoulder at the two men. What really caught Dean’s attention though was the shortest person’s very familiar tan trench coat and blue tie.
It was a mutually beneficial arrangement and one that Lucifer had made sure that the owner did not regret. If he or his siblings accidentally broke anything, the items were immediately replaced with better versions according to what the gym’s students needed. Old equipment was even given into Lucifer’s hands and the archangel made sure that whatever was given was promptly disposed of afterwards through either donation or recycling.
“And that is a perfectly normal response to the situation you find yourself in.” She tilted her head to the side as she seemed to be thinking of something else. “Now Lucifer did mention something that I find interesting and I would like to hear your take on it. He mentioned that you were kidnapped as a child… a fledgling. Is that something you would like to talk about?”
Just as Lucifer was about to answer in the affirmative, there was a loud crash inside the room and a rather indignant sounding vocalization. Both men jumped as the door flew open and a doctor scuttled out of the room backwards, nearly falling over his own feet to escape the fuming person inside. Following the doctors retreat with their eyes, they watched as he basically ran away at a rather brisk walk. After he had turned a corner and was no longer in sight, they looked at each other before they both shrugged and turned to look in the treatment room.
“I hate this.” Placing his elbows on the table in the Bunker’s library, he rested his head in his hands. “God, it feels like I’m losing him. Every day, it’s like I’m watching more and more of Dean just slip away. He needs Cas. Jack, I don’t know what to do.”
Dean’s eyes widened at the mention of his angel before he started to nod. “Yeah. Yeah. We’ll go.” He looked to Jack who nodded His smile starting to return to His face. “What about this place?”
The startled look on Gabriel’s face faded into one of touched concern as he wrapped his arms around the smaller angel. “I’m sorry Cas. I knew what was going to happen, but I needed to keep you and the boys safe. I wasn’t going to run anymore.” He let out a teary sounding laugh. “Besides, I couldn’t let you lose your boy toy.”
“They’re cool.” Raising her dark eyes from her phone to him, she pinned him with a sharply critical stare. “What’s your name?”
Clearing his throat, Sam fidgeted a bit until he felt settled enough to actually try to talk to the tween. “So, are you one of the gymnasts here?”
“This is our oldest brother Amenadiel. He used to be Dad’s number one enforcer. He’s retired now but can still keep it up in a fight.”
Standing next to the piano that Morningstar guided Gabriel to, was the tiny darker skinned person, who Dean could only hope was Cas since they looked like the person from the video. But he wasn’t completely sure given that they were not dressed in a navy-blue suit and matching tie, but instead they were wearing a bright blue tunic that fell to midthigh and loose black slacks and their hair was hanging in a loose braid down their back. They too had large wings tucked against their back, but theirs were raven wing black and were reflecting just about every color of the rainbow almost as if their wings had crystals embedded in them.
Bowing down Dean placed the softest whisper of a kiss on Cas’ lips, before he released his face and instead wrapped his arms around the angel’s torso. With what seemed like almost no effort, he straightened and lifted Cas off of his feet. Cas’ arms moved so that they were wrapped around the taller man’s shoulders, as they hugged for a long minute. When Dean let him down, he didn’t release his hold at all to Cas’ contentment.
“Yeah, okay.” Daniel nodded as he slowly backed away. “I’ll, ah… I’ll just leave you to… ah… talk to your sibling.”
Chloe just nodded as she slowly put together all of the ingredients for the tacos that she had promised to make everyone for movie night. “Yup he does.”
“Ever since I gripped him tight and raised him from Perdition, Dean and I have shared a profound bond. I nearly killed him, but as he knelt in front of me and I held my blade ready to kill him, he looked at me. He said I was family and that he needed me.” Cas looked down at their hands and realized that they were shaking. “I couldn’t do it. I never would have been able to. He is everything to me.”
Linda smiled as she stood. “Well then I think I shall.” She held out her hand and gripped Cas’ tight when they took it. “I hope that our talk today helped, and I look forward to getting to know you better Castiel.”
Living in LA with their older brother was not quite what Cas had been expecting when they had agreed to stay with him. Gabriel seemed to be feeling just as lost as they were feeling. Sami was not what either of them remembered. Oh, he was still the kind, caring, older brother who guided them through learning how to fly and using their wings, but he was… far more hedonistic than they had expected. Gabriel thought that that was funny, but at the same time, it seemed that it wasn’t quite what he needed. They both needed something else.
Nodding, Dean ran a hand over his mouth and sighed. “Fine, we’ll give him the benefit of the doubt for now. But I’m making no promises. I will gank his ass if he hurts Cas or Gabriel.”
As he reached the bottom of the steps, he was brought up short when he was confronted by two men who stood nearly as tall as Sam. The skinnier of the two had his hands tucked into his pockets and the other man who was built like a tank and had large dove grey wings, had his arms crossed across his chest. Both had their heads tipped to the side in the same manner Cas and Gabriel were known for when they were curious. This action on their parts ended up relaxing Dean rather than putting him on the defensive, which he was sure had been their plan. He hoped that by keeping his hands down and loose at his sides he came across as less threatening. Not that there was much either he or Sam could do against a pair of rather large angels in a straight up fight. He was actually hoping that it wouldn’t come to that especially since they were in a crowded club.
Dean was silent as one song on the radio faded into another and then another, his brows creased as they always were when he thought deeply. “Doctor Linda?”
Absinthe green eyes widened, and wings settled as recognition flared to life on his sibling’s face. “Brother-sister-light Sami?” At his nod of confirmation, the rest of their body relaxed, and they let out a long sigh. “Where are we?”
Reaching out, Casi took one of Gabriel’s hands and hauled him to his feet. Once he was standing and stable, Casi pulled him close and wrapped their arms around him. “Don’t ever do that to me again.”
Castiel looked down at the box before looking up at Ella again. “This one is peach. Amenadiel has the apple and another one that is, I believe he called it, chocolate chiffon. He said that it is one of Doctor Linda’s favorites.”
“Look, if it doesn’t work, we can just ask to talk to Lucifer Morningstar.” He shrugged as he grabbed his boots and set about to put them back on. “He’s supposed to be their brother, right? So, I’m sure they probably told him all about us.”
Raising a hand Dean motioned for Cas to stay put before he pushed away from the railing. Barely restraining himself from breaking into a run and just shoving everyone out of his way, he made his way through the crowd and around to where the stairs to the lower level were. He could feel Sam following closely behind him as he moved, just where he always was, though this time Dean was sure his brother was just allowing him to clear the way for him so that he could get to Gabriel that much faster.
Biting the inside of his cheek, he just barely held off the urge to smite her. “Not interested.” Oh, the urge to smite was strong, but he knew that if he destroyed or tried to destroy his brother’s demon, then he’d probably never hear the end of it. He was grateful that Sami had taken him and Cas in, he was, but it hurt. It hurt in ways he didn’t know that he could hurt. To find out that a big chunk of what he had believed to have been his life was a lie, hurt. It didn’t change anything. Lucy had still tried to kill him, and that alternate Michael actually had. Dad, what he wouldn’t give for Samsquatch or Dean-o to be here. Or hell, he’d even take his nephew.
A soft tap at the door, drew Cas’ attention away from the clothes that they were contemplating. “Come in.”
“Yes.” Taking the tie in between their fingers again, Cas sighed knowing that her amused smile was not going to last. And as they spoke, it fell into a horrified sympathy, compassion bright in her eyes. “You have to understand something. Things here are very different. Chuck left shortly after that first conflict and we were soldiers without orders. Heaven grew cold and we stopped being a family. We were no better than some of the impersonal human corporations here on Earth. By the time I met Dean there were very few of us that were even able to feel emotions and those of us who could had to hide them. Gabriel and Balthazar were lucky. They were able to get out and hide. Those of us who were left had to go through what they called reeducation. It was torture. They would also alter our memories in order to ensure compliance.” Cas cleared their throat as they released their tie and smoothed it down. “I don’t know how many times it was done to me. The last time though, was enough that I chose to rebel.”
They were greeted by the receptionist at the front desk of the Emergency department and after Daniel flashed his badge, they were directed to one of the rooms. By the time they stopped outside of Jay Doe’s room, he could feel that their ‘Jay Doe’ was most likely one of his siblings.
Linda nodded as though she had expected an answer of that sort. But then as she had said Sami was her patient and Cas was sure that he had certainly had no compunctions whatsoever about sharing his views on how Cas and Gabe were doing during their transition to this realm.
He almost missed Dean moving away from the two of them, as the older Winchester urged Gabriel’s two older brothers away from his reunion with Sam. It made him actually like Dean-o just that much more. Though there wasn’t anything in any universe that would or could make him like Dean more than he liked Sam. There was just something about the younger Winchester that just hit him right in the heart strings and set his Grace to vibrating in a rather pleasant manner. Casi had told him in confidence, during one of their late night sob sessions, that he felt that when he was around Dean-o and that he wouldn’t trade it for anything. He had compared it to the feeling of butterflies or the deep bass in one of Dean’s classic rock songs. Casi wasn’t wrong. It did kind of feel like that right now.
Nodding Sam looked up from his laptop to catch Dean’s eyes. “I found them.” He pointed at his screen and was practically bouncing in his seat as he did. “You’ve got to see this.”
Chloe tipped her head, a bit confused at Ella’s word spew, but then she just shook her head and continued. “The way Lucifer explained it, was that his Aunt and Uncle stole or rather kidnapped a good number of his younger siblings and that they decided to start their own realities. A couple of them bled through to ours. Not enough that they could pinpoint where they were, but it was enough that Supernatural was created here. It gave them a window into a few of their siblings’ lives. Specifically, Castiel and Gabriel.”
Looking over their shoulder produced another confused sound from his sibling, so Lucifer, held up a hand before moving behind Casi. Running gentle fingers down his sibling’s spine in-between their raven black wings, he sought out the little spot that he had always used to help Rae-Rae when she had trouble winching hers in as a fledgling. He knew he had found it when Casi’s shoulders pulled back and their wings disappeared from sight.
Scoffing, Sam leaned back against the wall as he crossed his arms. “How so? I didn’t learn to let Dean go.”
Baffled the two siblings looked at each other in confusion, before Casi bolted and Lucifer had to run to keep up with their hurried dash through the halls.
A dark haired Asian girl in dark red robes appeared behind Elohim and gave Sam a little wave. “You called Dad?”
Shortly after Gabriel had dragged Sam away towards the elevators and Dean had had several minutes to chat with and get to know their older brothers at least a little, Cas finally released their grip on his chest and took a step away from their now much taller friend. Dean was shooting them a curious look as they did, a slight hint of worry drawing his brows together as he let his arm fall away. But when Cas only shook their head, his worry faded away into something softer. Something that Cas could only hope at the meaning of.
“Sure thing Dad.” Azrael ran both of her hands down the front of her robes and cleared her throat, before she started. “Well anyways, it’s like this, so in the realm Dad and me are from, we kinda already know your fate, because well, you know, your life is a TV show in our realm. But since I’m the Angel of Death, big ‘a’, big ‘d’, I kinda know when things like that are tied to real people and Supernatural has always pinged me big time as being real. My BFF Ella likes to think that it might be too, but she doesn’t know for sure. I mean I told her it was, but you know she likes science, so she’s still a little bit of a skeptic.” When Elohim cleared his throat, she blushed. “So anyways, I can kinda feel that unless something drastic happens, Dean-o is totes gonna die soon. And no, like, takesy backsies this time.”
The bewildered tone of his sibling’s voice, delighted Lucifer. It would seem that his dear baby sibling even now still retained some of their innocence, though he could feel the taint of guilt and loss on their Grace. “I do believe darling that no one will be looking at your feet, especially if you don’t winch in your wings.”
Gabriel nodded, before a mildly mischievous expression crossed his features. “Well since that’s not until later you can join us if you’d like. I’d be happy to teach you.” At Sam’s snort, he tipped his head to the side and arched an eyebrow at the hunter. “Believe it or not, I actually am a good teacher Sammich.”
Lucifer learns a few hard truths about his little brother's past as he and Gabriel have a heart to heart.
“So, my name is Doctor Linda Martin. I am your brother Lucifer’s therapist. He was telling me that you might like to have someone to talk to.” Linda smoothed out her skirt as she sat down in the plush white armchair. “He mentioned that you are going through a rather rough transition at the moment.” She paused for a moment as she brought her hands together in her lap. “But first I want to assure you that anything you tell me as a therapist will go no farther than what you allow. I will not talk to any other member of your family about anything you and I talk about, unless you give permission or it is because I think you are in imminent danger of harming yourself or others. If you think that talking to me won’t help, that’s fine too. I will always keep an open door for you, even if the only thing you feel you need is someone to listen or just to sit quietly for a while.” She smiled softly as she let out a little laugh. “I am even up to just sitting and quietly watching TV together for a little while if that’s what you need.”
Gabriel was silent as Sammykins trailed off. He knew that the way things were here was very different. The things that they had known about the world Uncle Chuck a Duck had made were not what they were here. The rules were different. “You thought that we angels were just great big old balls of sound, energy, and intention.” He shrugged. “You’re right. But here, Dad made us different. He made us corporeal from birth.” Gabriel patted his chest a few times as he fluffed out his wings, before he moved towards his brother’s private bar. Grabbing a couple of glasses and a bottle of Jameson, he looked back at the silent hunter. Sam was watching him with thoughtful eyes. Moving over to the overstuffed and far too plush white couch, he placed both glasses on the coffee table, filling both with a quick and sure hand before he spoke again. “So, what you see is what you get. This is me.” He picked up a glass and held it out to Sam, motioning for him to join him on the couch as he sat spreading his wings carefully to either side of himself. “No vessel, just me.”
It wasn’t until Sam and Dean woke up from their naps that Sam admitted to Dean that he had prayed to Gabriel. “I don’t know if he heard me, but I wanted him to know that I knew he was alive.”
Lifting the box that they were holding Castiel held it out for Ella. “Amenadiel and I picked up pie.”
Letting out the breath he hadn’t realized that he had been holding, Gabriel nearly laughed and nearly sobbed. Reaching his own hand out, he placed it over Sam’s heart and just stood there for a moment drinking in the other man’s presence. “I missed you too Samsquatch.” Looking over his shoulder he was pleased to see that Dean was talking peaceably with his two older brothers while Casi was contentedly tucked into his side, holding him with what looked like a pretty tight grip. Turning back to Sammykins, he smiled brightly. “Want to blow this joint? My big bro has got a pretty sweet set up in the penthouse upstairs, complete with a rockin’ sound system and well stocked bar. There is even a nice home theater set up if you get the urge to Netflix and chill with me.” He waggled his eyebrows and was delighted when Sam laughed in response.
Chuckling He leaned back in Cas’ chair and let one hand fall to rest on His leg. “You can call me Elohim. As for why I am here…” He paused for a moment as His smile became bittersweet. “Once long ago, My Brother and Sister stole 144 of My children. Castiel and Gabriel amoung them. It wasn’t until Gabriel was dying that I found him. Castiel I found after the Empty took them. Jack and I were able to convince her to spit them out, but on the caveat that they never return to any of Chuck’s realms. So, I brought forth both of My previously lost children into one of My realms. A place where your story is just that, a story. They are both safe and healing with their brothers Amenadiel and Samael. But they have both suffered. They are both heart sick.”
The scene they found when they reached the ambulance entrance was a confused mix of paramedics, nurses, and security. Daniel had somehow ended up right in the middle of the fray with both of his hands held up and away from his body as he squared off with a shorter golden brown haired male who looked, in Lucifer’s opinion, rather worse for wear. To make the rest of the bystanders more nervous was that he was holding a rather wicked looking silver blade in a defensive stance, even as he swayed on his feet next to an overturned gurney.
Just as he was about to plug in his headphones and restart the episode that showed that damn repeating Tuesday, Sam let out a happy sounding noise of surprise from across the library where he was sitting with his own laptop. Looking over at his brother, he could see that the younger man was grinning. “You got something Sammy?”
“It’s real.” She shook her head. “Or at least that’s the best that I can get it. There are astrophysics and theology involved that I don’t get, but that’s the best explanation that I can give. The story leaked through to our universe somehow and that’s why it’s a TV show here. So, I guess that everything that happened in the show actually happened. Just in a different universe.”
“I hope so, it’s all about the adventures of Dean-o and Sammich and how they saved the world.” Gabriel chimed in, startling them both. When the girl squeaked and jumped up, the Archangel enfolded the girl in his arms. “Heya short stuff.” Pulling away, Sam watched as a soft smile lit up the other man’s golden eyes. It was with a touch of surprise that he realized that this was the first time he had seen Gabriel interacting with a child other than Jack. “Is your mom picking you up from here later?”
“He says that it’s what they have instead of souls.” The demon spoke from his right, answering the question that he refused to. Her sneer was obvious in her voice. As well as a touch of fear.
Gabriel smiled as he conjured up a mini sized Snickers from wherever he kept his never-ending supply of them. “Yup.” He popped his ‘p’ just before he popped the chocolate into his mouth. “So, who’d you off? Please tell me it was someone who deserved it, especially if dear old Dad was willing to look the other way about it.”
Cas rolled their eyes as they pulled Dean to a stop in the entry hall near the alcove where the hallway to the bathrooms and coat room were. “Sami is not Biff, Dean. After Gabriel and I were stolen, Michael set Sami up. Mother helped him hide what he was doing, so that Father wouldn’t know. She blamed Him for the loss of us and our other siblings. He blamed Her for some of it and well…” Cas shrugged as he pulled Dean closer into the wall, so that several patrons could get through the hall. “It is what it is.” Once the hall was empty again, Cas shrugged again, hiding his wings away.
Dean nodded as he let out a chuckle. He liked the sound of that. “Sounds like paradise. No demons. No vampires. No ghosts. No things that go bump in the night. Just a few angels running around LA. I really like the sound of that.”
A middle aged blond human woman popped her head around the edge of the now open door and smiled at Cas. “Hello. Do you mind if I come in?”
“Okay.” Sam turned back to where his brother was kneeling by his side. “Cas needs our help and if we go, we won’t be coming back here.”
“Sammy?” Dean kept petting his brother’s hair and rubbing his back until the younger man calmed down.
Lucifer actually felt himself take a step back when his brother’s voice raised to a yell. There was something seriously wrong with his brother if he thought that that was okay. That humans meant so little. “There are rules about things like this. Humans are not toys.”
“Okay.” The detective patted a hand against his chest. “I’m Daniel, can you tell me your name? Or your brother’s name?”
Elohim paused again, so Sam took the chance to catch his breath and run his hands through his hair. This was good. Cas was safe and Gabriel was alive, but… There was always something and with as familiar as he was with gods, Sam was figuring that there was going to be a catch, something that he and Dean would have to do. Why else would a God come to him with this information. Heart sick. His mind went back to those words as Elohim just sat patiently as he thought things though. The images that popped into his head at those words were how lost Gabriel’s whiskey eyes had looked after Asmodeus and how often Cas looked sad whenever Dean was looking away or criticizing him.
With a jolt Gabriel fell to his knees, his treat falling forgotten to the floor. When he spoke, it was as though he couldn’t help himself, and his voice sounded distant. “I was captured by a few of the pagan gods who I thought were friends. They sold me like I was nothing. I was sold to Asmodeus. That fucking demon had me for years.” As each horrifying word fell from Gabriel’s lips, his voice deepened into a thick Tennessee drawl. “Every day Asmodeus tortured me. Every day! For years he fed off my Grace. He used me. He debased me. Until I was…” Wide, horrified, and haunted whiskey eyes looked up into Lucifer’s own chocolate ones as though his brother was begging for help. Because he was. “What I went through, you don’t forgive. And you don’t forget.”
“So, that happened.” Winchester smirked before laughing lightly. Looking down at the clinging angel his expression softened. “Hey Cas. You… you’re looking good.”
It wasn’t every day that Lucifer was sent to work on a case with Daniel, but on this particular Tuesday, Chloe had to take the small human to the dentist and so he was stuck with Daniel until she was done. The case was supposed to be simple. A Jay Doe had been found disoriented and naked in a park and they were sent to the hospital to interview her and figure out why. Turns out that it was a little more complicated than that. The moment he walked into the hospital, something familiar sparked to life in his chest and he knew that this was no ordinary case.
Smiling softly, he looked up until he could look Sam in those gloriously green eyes of his. “Hey kiddo. Miss me?”
Looking up into the shattered mirror, he caught sight of a blond haired woman. The same one who he had seen earlier go towards his baby brother-sister-mote’s room. She looked utterly unperturbed by the fact that he had thrown a glass and her lips were drawn into a smile as soft as her voice. “Who are you?”
“I did.” Sam smiled again, the kind of soft rueful smile that he had when he wasn’t entirely sure how his information would be received. “He has owned the nightclub Lux for the last almost twelve years. No one knows where he came from, but he has been working with the LAPD for almost six years. Morningstar is actually very vocal about being the devil, but nobody believes him. They all seem to think that it’s part of his public persona.” He shrugged. “I’ve looked and as far as I can tell he doesn’t do anything that we’d usually associate with a demon. He seems to be nothing like the Lucifer we knew in our dimension. I even found an interview from a few years back and the reporter accused him of lying and he got pretty offended. He point blank told the guy that he doesn’t lie. He donates a lot of money to charity and to the school his partner’s kid goes to. I can’t find anything bad on him at all other than his name being Lucifer.”
The girl’s cheer drew the attention of the other four adults, resulting in an indulgent smile from Lucifer and confusion from the other three.
When he had asked about how Lucifer had gotten access like that, the archangel had been more than happy to explain. Lucifer had originally met the owner when the man was in the market to upgrade his facilities and had needed a loan. The archangel had agreed to give him the loan and that had been that. It had all been paid back in a timely manner and the two had remained friendly acquaintances. However, after a couple of years the gymnasium owner had noticed that there was a cash flow problem, not wanting to get in trouble with the government and not being able to afford an external audit at the time, he had called Lucifer for advice. Lucifer had agreed to loan the man his accountant to find and solve the problem in exchange for unfettered access on the days the gym wasn’t being used. The owner had agreed and in the end one of his junior business partners had been found out to be misappropriating funds and funneling the money into his own accounts and doctoring the books. Lucifer had quite happily turned the man over to LAPD and that had been that. Lucifer now had all the gym time he wanted, and the gym was flourishing now that the embezzling partner was gone.
Half an hour later, Dean was actually proven right, much to his surprise as a valet took the keys to go park Baby and a few fangirls and boys in the lines took their pictures as the bouncer ushered them into the building. After getting past the entrance, which oddly enough didn’t have metal detectors or even a security check, Dean pulled Sam into an alcove.
When Dean-o motioned over his shoulder, Gabriel hadn’t been sure what he was expecting, but there as he always was, was Sam. His Sammykins looked just as tall and delectable as he always did. There was little to show that any time had passed since the last time they had seen each other that horridly painful day in the Apocalypse world, as the Supernatural fans so aptly called it. His own brother Sami’s forensic scientist friend Ella had introduced him and Cas to the show, though Casi seemed to have already known about it. He had mentioned something about dear old Chucky writing books while he was mostly human and very forgetful. But that didn’t mean that it hadn’t hurt to see any of it, because it had. He had stayed away from most of it after seeing just the one episode called Changing Channels. There was only so much of reliving the glory days that he could take.
This world had nothing. It was like a nice version of everything. Hell, even their lives were a TV show… again. That was one of the things that had frustrated and upset him the most about their move here. He was here for Cas, but he couldn’t
It was almost a physical shock when the song ended, and he realized that Cas was now looking up at him. Catching his eyes, Dean grinned, whisper praying his angel’s name again just to see him react. It was just like any other time he had startled the angel. Cas’ head tipped to the side as his eyes narrowed and his lips parted ever so slightly, before those bright eyes of his widened as understanding dawned. It was like the sun coming out from behind a cloud. Cas lit up with joy.
“Thank you.” Cas moved away from the closet, but not before grabbing a solid blue tie that was very similar to the one that they had originally worn when they had first met Dean. “I am doing fine. Perhaps not as well as Sami would like, but, what I did was my choice and so was… this.” Waving a hand at the room, Cas sat heavily on the bed. “I will not deny that I miss my home. That I miss Dean and the rest of my family, but I am at peace with it. I am grieving.”
A soft smile answered him as the divine being slowly unlaced His joined fingers so that He could place His palms flat on the table. “I am Jack’s Great-Uncle. The one you know as Chuck is My Brother, though I am given to understand that he is human now.”
He hated that he had to dash her hopes, but… “He’s not here. He’s in the other realm, the one Casi and I came from.” He felt tears start to well up again. “He’s one of the few people I actually do miss from there.”
“So, you’ll teach me how to do that?” Trixie asked as she pulled away from her sort of step-uncle and pointed to where Cas and Lucifer were going through a basic kata, while Amenadiel was patiently talking Dean through the same.
“Sure.” Jack smiled with the familiar smirk that He had learned from Cas and directed it at Sam after He had nodded to His Uncle. “What Uncle and I would like to do is take you and Dean to His realm. We think that if they can see you again then it might help.”
“Something I can do for you gentlemen?” Dean put on what he hoped was his most charming smile, even as the two angels narrowed their eyes at him. He knew that the one to his left was this universe’s Lucifer, but he had no idea who the large gray winged angel to his right was. His vessel was big, probably less than an inch shorter than Sam, but built sturdier and wider. Even though his fingers were itching to reach for the angel blade hidden in his jacket, he resisted because everything that they had looked into since they had found out where Cas and Gabriel were, said that Lucifer had actually taken pretty good care of his younger brothers.
“I don’t think, I know that there is.” Turning his head slightly, Elohim smiled again as Jack appeared in the chair next to Him. “Would you like to explain your idea Nephew?”
"Cas... what you said..." He shifted his weight from one foot to the other before settling again. "Before the Empty took you... I..." Cas watched as he swallowed hard as his gaze fell until he was looking down at Cas' feather charm necklace, his hands noticeably shaking. "You said that you couldn't have what you wanted." Dean took a step back and then forward again until he was so close that Cas’ nose was almost touching his chest, forcing the angel to tip his head back as far as he could so that he could still see Dean’s face. "You didn't ask."
Just as the tears started to slip from his eyes, Sam heard Dean’s familiar footsteps coming into the library. Letting out a sob, he buried his face in both of his hands. Within a breath, Dean’s hands were on his shoulders and he was trying to get Sam’s attention.
Ella on the other hand just looked like the proverbial deer caught in headlights. The forensic expert sat heavily on the floor like she had been a puppet and had her strings cut. Her mouth kept working like she was trying to say something, but nothing was coming out.
Just as they started down the hall and into the club proper, the music changed from some pop beat song to something the was pure country. Looking over the banister down onto the club floor they were able to catch a look at the band that was now playing and the very familiar man who had started
But for now, he reached forward and placed his glass down, not bothering to finish his drink before he turned back to Sam. “Cas is and isn’t. I personally am male. Always have been. It’s what I chose to make my vessel be, when I first understood that there was a difference when the concept was created. You know, back in the days of Adam and Eve and Lilith. It’s what felt right. I’ve never felt any different. I love all beings equally because gender is a construct, and I don’t care what you are. People are more than what’s in their shorts. Most of the angels in Chucky Land were neither. It’s part of what makes me and Casi different from them. I imagine that the rest of our siblings who were originally from this realm, were probably the same way. It was something that marked us as different. Unfortunately, between the wars that Michael and Lucy started, that bitch Naomi, Metadouche, and Zachariah, they are dead. Dad said that he was lucky he was able to pull me and Cas out. But that is beside the point. The point is that Casi is both sexes and yet not really any of the genders. I don’t know if he knows yet what he is from a labeling standpoint. I am used to calling Cas male pronouns. Cas hasn’t corrected me. Sami uses neutral pronouns for Casi. Cas hasn’t corrected him. The only pronouns I have heard Cas object to since getting here are female ones.”
Casi’s smile grew as they sighed happily. Lucifer had no idea what sort of bunker they were talking about, but the way that Dean had emphasized the name made it sound like it was probably the closest thing that they had to a home. Well, how kind of dear old Dad. It was nice to hear that the old coot was actually holding up His side of things and was actually taking care of His family for once. There were plenty of words he could find to describe his Father and how wonderful it was He was doing this, but he was going to refrain and save it for his next session with Linda. In the meanwhile, he still needed to introduce his brother.
Dean nodded, he wasn’t about to fault his brother for following his urge to pray to Gabriel when he was too chicken shit to do the same and pray to Cas. Somehow it was just not something that he was ready for. It was… there was just something in his gut that was holding him back. It was similar to the fear that had held him back from telling Cas how he really felt just about all of the years that he knew the angel. He knew that he could have told him so many times, but… there was always a but. He hated that, but Dean didn’t know what to do to actually break past that. He was hoping that when he saw Cas that he would finally know what to say and what to do.
So, then… real angels besides Lucifer and Amenadiel, and God had siblings… new info to integrate. “Is that why Lucifer was so upset the one time I was able to get him to watch a few eps with me?”
I hope everyone has a happy and joyous New Year. Stay safe and remember for those who drink, please drink responsibly. And that was my year end PSA, we'll see you back here with another chapter next week. Happy New Year!
bad. The humans were allowed to do shit like that because they had a hands-off policy with them, but Dad had never let Lucifer and his siblings do things like that and Lucifer had certainly never allowed the Lilim to do things like that. It was unconscionable.
It was a fair question and one that Cas decided to think over before answering. The answer when it came both was and was not a surprise. “Sometimes.” He sighed. “When I first took Jimmy as a Vessel, his body didn’t feel like it was mine. Because it wasn’t, it was his. But after he was gone the body became solely mine. I became used to it and now… I know that this body is mine, completely, but it does not always feel so. Doctor Linda is helping me with that.”
The husky voice that came from the kitchen door startled Ella so badly that she almost fell off of the counter. Looking at the person standing in the doorway, Ella was surprised to see that they were probably about the same height as Linda when she wasn’t wearing her heels. Their darker skin showed off just how brilliant their green eyes were, and their long dark brown hair was pulled back into a messy ponytail. For Ella it was the suit and tie that gave away the person’s identity because damn if she wasn’t a Cas fan.
“I get it.” He did he really did. Gabriel had a fresh start here in this new realm the same way that they did. No threats of his brothers fighting or anything else that could kill him or destroy the world. Just what looked like an exasperated older brother and the baby brother that he adored. Dean was hoping that this Lucifer was better than the one that they had had to deal with. “So, tell me about this Lucifer Morningstar guy. I’m guessing you looked him up.”
“It does, doesn’t it. Little bro knows what he likes and what he doesn’t.” He looked up towards the ceiling for a moment in thought. “And who for that matter.” Looking back to his bonded, he grinned. “Cas will decide when he’s ready to settle on pronouns in his own time. But for now…” He waggled his eyebrows causing Sam to laugh. “Tell me all about what you’ve been up to lately big boy and maybe I can break out the whipped cream later and we can have some fun.”
“I know they’re not!” Gabriel raised both of his hands, now clutched into fists again and rubbed them against his eyes as he let out a low growl. When he lowered his hands, his face was hard, but there were tears evident in his eyes. “I am the Angel of Protection. I love humanity. I died for humanity. I fought a version of Michael to protect humans. I am bound to a human and I ache every day that I am not by his side. But Sami you need to understand, I am not like you.” He paused long enough to take in several gasps of air as he threw his head back to look up at the ceiling. Once he had calmed a bit, he looked back at Lucifer. “I am the Archangel of Judgement and I am a Spirit of Vengeance and I have been for thousands of years. I have walked among humanity for that entire time. I have seen them at their best and their worst. The only humans that I have ever permanently killed deserved what they got. Have I gone too far a few times… probably. But this was not one of those times. This was so mild compared to what I could have done to those bastards.”
The woman seems concerned, but the dad turns away from the door with a shrug. “Probably just some kids. It’s…”
Dean runs his hand reverently along the cool, black metal. Climbing behind the wheel, he smiles. It even smells the same. This new Heaven wasn’t half bad. “Hey, baby.” Dean starts the car and turns on the radio. The first bars of ‘Carry on Wayward Son’ by Kansas begin to play.
The Angel takes all of 0.5 seconds to assess the situation and instantly steps up beside Dean. He starts to reach under the hunter’s arms as though he means to lift him bodily off the rebar.
The Angel pressed a soft kiss to his temple, his flushed cheekbone, the bridge of his freckled nose. His mouth trailed along the stubbled jawline, enjoying the rasp of stubble against his lips. Dean stifled a gasp as sharp teeth nipped at his ear before sucking the lobe into his mouth in apology. Castiel’s hand carded through blonde spikes before using his grip to turn the hunter’s head slightly, sucking a bruise just behind his ear. He was rewarded with a dark groan.
Today is no different. Sam goes into Dean’s room, looking around at the guns on the wall, taking in the two beer bottles still on the table. His heart breaks anew when he spies the unfinished job application on the desk. Dean had always wanted to be a firefighter...always wanted to save people… He drops down onto the edge of Dean’s bed and Miracle comes over to him. They always said animals can sense emotions and the dog has been Sam’s shadow ever since he got back. He gently scratches Miracle’s ears as the tears begin to fall.
Dean is smiling as he raises a fork above the treasured pastries. But as he glances at his brother, his smile falls slightly.
“I know. I know that now, thanks to you. Nobody - nobody else would’ve done that for me. Sam tried a few times, but he was too little back then. So thank you. Just...thank you.”
Sam closes his eyes. Austin. They’d always talked about going to Texas, but never got the chance. “Yeah, I'm here.” It’s like this is a sign. People out there still need him. He swallows hard. “I'm on my way.”
“No.” The blonde is unceremoniously flipped onto his stomach like it’s nothing, and fuck if Dean isn’t fifty shades of turned on at being manhandled. Broad hands clutch at his ass and he can feel Castiel’s hot breath against his hole. Dean feels two fingers against his rim and then a cool tingling sensation throughout his lower body. His nerves are alight with pleasure and he knows he’s now clean inside and out.
Dean is speechless as he feels intense joy and sorrow in equal measure. His baby brother is dead, but he’ll be here soon. He lived his life to a ripe old age, chugging Viagra most likely, and now he’s on his way to the new Heaven. The hunter lets out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding. “Where?”
“Alright. Let's see. I think it was in '86. Dad was working a string of kidnappings along Route 77…” He glances at Sam to see him point at the map.
“Well, he set some things right. Tore down all the walls up here. Heaven ain't just reliving your golden oldies anymore. It's what it always should have been. “Rufus lives about 5 miles that way... With Aretha. Thought she'd have better taste. Ellen and I run this place. Ash is still a piece of work, but he helps out too, so long as Jo keeps him in line.
“Was. Now I'm not. That kid of yours, before he went... wherever, made some changes here. Busted my ass out. And then he…”
Dean always feels awkward when he prays. Begging is what it really is and Dean Winchester did not beg. But this time he might make an exception. Cas isn’t here and the hunter has something he needs to say.
“Nah. Don’t be. Hell you might’ve made it easier considering I doubt he’ll say shit to me out of fear you’ll kick his ass. Besides…was kinda hot.”
“That’s true. Anyway. I’ll show you the house and you can get settled in or whatever. The Roadhouse is kinda where we all hang out most of the time, so you can join us when you’re ready.”
He finally gets a chance to teach Castiel how to play pool and if he presses just a little too close while he’s helping him lineup a shot? Well Cas doesn’t mind at all. The Angel always shivers as Dean purrs instructions into his ear, moves around the table at the barest touch of the hunter’s hand, immediately finding green eyes when he successfully sinks his shot. Castiel might hold unbridled power, ageless wisdom, and unparalleled strength in his body, but he bends like a willow to Dean’s every whim. Dean thought he knew what power was during the time he was a Knight of Hell, but nothing compares to the rush he gets when an Angel who could destroy planets submits to him, body and soul.
“Hey, Dean.” She makes a movement with her hand that Dean can’t quite see and the two meatheads holding him down let him get up to his feet. He makes a show of brushing himself off. As he looks over Jenny’s shoulder he can see Sam, still lying on the ground but now awake. His brother is reaching gingerly for the machete by his side. He needs to stall.
“AHHHH! Hot bread!” The pieces of toast miraculously end up on the counter as opposed to the floor as Dean sucks his damaged fingers into his mouth. He stares at the toaster as though it has personally wronged him.
A calloused hand wraps around his leaking cock, stroking once, twice and Dean is coming harder than he ever has in his life. His body shudders violently, clenching hard around the length inside him. The debauched groan from Castiel is the last thing he hears before his vision goes black.
With a flick of his wrist, Castiel sends the human stumbling backwards down the foyer and into Mary’s arms. He turns blazing eyes on her terrified face. “And you. You put your own happiness and John’s life ahead of your own child. You sold Sam to Azazel without a second thought so you didn’t have to be alone. You cursed your sons to a dismal childhood doing the one thing you never wanted for them. And when you were brought back...you left. You walked away from your sons when they needed you and worked alongside the people who tortured them. You’re barely better than your husband. You two deserve each other. But you don’t deserve Dean. Or Sam. They love you because you’re their parents. Because they feel like they have to. You make me sick.”
“Yeah if you don’t count crying over your damn coat every night…” Well fuck. One look at puppy dog eyes and his brain to mouth filter had apparently gone out the damn window...
“How dare you.” he snarls “How dare you train your child to believe that he is nothing more than a tool. That he is isn’t enough the way he is. That he doesn’t matter. How dare you force a 4 year-old to devote his entire life to his brother because you couldn’t be a father. You come back years after the damage has been done and expect that pithy platitudes will earn you a place here? You abandoned your children time and time again. You let Dean believe that he was unlovable, that everyone would leave him just like you did. You are a disgrace of a man and don’t deserve the title of father. You’re lucky Jack didn’t know what kind of father you were when he redid Heaven. Your very presence in this holy place is anathema to me.”
Dean starts at the strange feeling. He shivers as the Angel blows lightly on Dean’s hole. He feels himself arching his back in offering before the heat of Cas’ tongue is back on his rim with little kitten licks and when he seals his lips and sucks...
The hunter just shakes his head and brushes a stray strand of hair from the brunette’s forehead. “I said it’s okay. Let’s just go home.” He feels the tell-tale pull behind his navel that signals teleportation and in an instant they are on their own front porch overlooking a placid lake. Castiel’s apologies are cut short as Dean yanks him forward by the lapels of his jacket and crushes their mouths together. After a long moment, the hunter pulls back, but he doesn’t release his hold. He’s smiling.
“You um, you got a place we can go? And not some cheap ass motel. I’m thinking: you and me, a king size bed, silk sheets, and way too many pillows.”
Sam can’t help the small surge of hope as he sees the telltale glow surround the Angel’s hand. Castiel’s eyes are closed as he concentrates, digging deep, bringing every drop of grace he has to bear.
Dean decided that Castiel was adorable when he blushed and he wanted to know just how far down that flush went.
Anything else Dean had planned to tell his brother was interrupted by the loud whooshing of giant wings. He can’t hide the shock and awe on his face as a familiar form suddenly appears at Sam's side.
They’d practiced this in the car beforehand, so Sam knows his cue. “But a blade this small...I'm gonna have to keep sawing and sawing to get your head off, and you'll feel it. Every muscle, tendon, every inch. It could take hours.”
Dean can’t help but feel a little flattered as he sees Jenny bare her fangs, preparing for the bite. She seems to notice at the last second that the hunter’s eyes are looking over her shoulder, but before she can begin to turn, Sam chops her head off from behind. The sudden decapitation is enough to give the hunters a momentary advantage. Dean spins away from the remaining Vampires and faces off with them again.
He walks towards his brother, absently returning his still bloody machete to its sheath. He’s not looking directly at Dean as he surveys the remnants of the fight. “Alright. Let's go find those kids, get them outta here.”
“Bobby, Ellen, and Jo. Ash, Charlie, me and Cas. Jody and Donna sometimes too. We have dinner once a week. Oh! And Saturdays are game night with Charlie. You’ll like this Dungeons and Dragons thing she’s got going. I’m a level 8 Barbarian.” He sounds so proud.
“Well, it’s not just for me...Cas - he um, he’is there too. Most of the time anyway. When he’s not training new Angels or whatever... Charlie comes by a lot for food. Trying to teach her how to cook, but she gets distracted so easily. We have our game nights there sometimes too if I can’t be bothered to change out of my pajamas. I just have to bake the game master a pie in exchange.”
Sam clears his throat loudly and Dean jumps at the sudden noise, but doesn’t relinquish his hold on the Angel in his arms. Sam meets his brother’s startled gaze and smiles wide. He nods at their intertwined hands. “Took you long enough”.
Dean is lost. He has been absolutely gone on Castiel for years and he knows it. He’ll tell him so someday.
Bobby just shrugs. “Yeah well, when you get to be my age and you realize all that wasted time was for nothing, you take your chances. Worked out for both of us in the end. I do the heavy lifting at the bar and the house now has a feminine touch again. Didn’t realize how much I missed it. And your mom and dad... they got a place over yonder. It ain't just Heaven, Dean. It's the Heaven you deserve. And we've been waiting for you.” Castiel’s words ring in his ears and he’s afraid he might cry.
He can hear the washing machine going as Sam tries to get the blood out of their clothes from the last hunt. Beheading Vamps always ended with them being covered in a fine red mist. He hears the thud as his brother gives the machine a swift kick. They really did need to balance the damn thing. He spends the next hour cleaning his weapons in the library just in case he needs them on the next case before grabbing his laptop and flipping it open. He feels Miracle’s head on his knee and absently gives him a scratch between the ears as he begins surfing the usual news sites.
Bobby opens a cooler between their chairs and takes out a couple of beers for him and Dean. Dean takes the bottle, opening it easily with his ring. He pauses with the bottle halfway to his lips.
“Cas…” Dean’s voice is barely above a whisper now “It’s okay, man. You’ve done all you could. Knowing you’re here? You’re a - alive? That’s enough.”
“You fucking tease” he gasped. He stifled a scream when that scorching tongue licked him from root to tip before swirling around the head of his dick; the forearm across his abdomen the only thing keeping him from fucking the Angel’s mouth until he came down his throat. Castiel held him there, sucking greedily on his cock, the gentle scrape of his teeth along the shaft causing Dean’s stomach to clench in anticipation. He swallowed the hunter down like it was nothing, the bulbous head sliding easily into the velvet heat of his throat as he nosed against wiry curls. He moaned, the vibrations sending shockwaves through Dean’s body as his mind started to go fuzzy around the edges.
When he’s old enough, Sam teaches Dean how to play baseball and soccer in the backyard while Eileen teaches him to cook and sew. Sam’s a little disappointed that the blonde hair begins to darken as the boy ages, but he’s got his father’s hazel eyes and his mother’s raven hair. He’s the best of both of them. And he’s smart. Sam is delighted when Dean starts taking AP courses in high school and talking about going to law school. He wants to fulfill the dream his father didn’t get a chance to.
Realization is slowly dawning on the younger Winchester. A first aid kit isn’t going to be enough this time. “No, no. Stop, okay? Just... Just stop.”
He goes through the motions of preparing for the day. Showering, brushing teeth, putting on clothes like he has somewhere to go. He is going through the motions of making eggs in the kitchen, though he has little appetite most days. He’s staring at the eggs, half-heartedly stirring them, and is startled when the toast pops out of the toaster. He looks over, half expecting his brother to be there to catch the toast. He fights the stinging in his eyes and sudden tightness in his throat as he gives up on the eggs and scrapes them into the trash.
“You gonna apply your knowledge, Cas? Well then, have at it, Pizza Man. Show me what you got.” His crooked smile was both taunting and inviting.
Dean’s eyes are glued to his own laptop. He’s definitely got something. He gives his brother a terse nod and they both leap into action. Dean slides his newly cleaned handgun into the waistband of his jeans and grabs his jacket as he jogs to the garage. Sam is right behind, wondering what Dean could have found that actually caused his brother to hustle. Dean had barely left his room, much less the bunker itself for the past several weeks. He knows why of course. Despite the fact that they were free from Chuck’s control and their friends had all been snapped back to life, there was a distinctly Angel-shaped hole in his brother’s life.
There’s panic in his brother’s voice that has Sam turning right back around. “Sam, Sam! Sam… Stay wi…Stay with me. Can you stay with me, please?”
“Holy shit, Cas. You’ve been holding out on me.” Why was Castiel over there and not fucking Dean into the mattress already?!
Sam turns back to the trunk and takes out a gun while Dean picks up a box and pulls out a shuriken. Bitchface activated.
His words are cut short as a large blade suddenly protrudes out of his chest. As he falls to the ground, there are two men behind him in black suits wearing creepy, smiling skeleton masks. The man in front has the knife in his hand. The mother screams for her children to run and she is right behind them. The men follow slowly, knowing their quarry has nowhere to go.
The obnoxious beeping of an alarm clock rouses Sam Winchester from a fitful sleep. He groggily eyes the machine and eyes the bright red 8:00 with disdain. He smacks the small machine with a little too much aggression to stop the noise. Sitting up in bed, he runs his hands over his face and through his hair. He doesn’t know why he sets an alarm anymore. It’s just him in the underground compound now. Eileen prefers to stay in her house, but Sam can’t make himself leave.
The watery chuckle he gets in response is worth it as he feels Dean turn his head and press a small kiss to his palm. He opens his eyes to find Dean staring at him with an intensity that sends his heart racing. For a moment, the Angel forgets to breathe. They’ve done this so many times. Eyes locked, emotions simmering beneath the surface. But this time there is an electricity between them, a question answered, and the promise of something more. Emerald eyes drop to plush lips and they’re both teetering on the edge of forever.
Oh, how reminiscent were those lines of so many of Castiel’s past endeavors. Or mistakes. It all depended on where you looked at them from.
“I know, baby boy, I know,” Castiel soothes, placing his hands on Dean’s hips to trace calming circles with his thumbs, while his forehead goes to rest between Dean’s shoulder blades and they both pant from how overwhelming it is to be joined this deeply.
Dean is only too happy to oblige, and he can’t seem to stop moaning and begging like a whore even when his Dom’s talented tongue is replaced by two and then three of his very thick fingers. Dean’s getting fucked in the ass, something else an Alpha shouldn’t want but he
The butterflies in his stomach confirm Castiel has regressed to adolescence and he’s now 16 years old again.
As they enter the building, they find his dad already waiting for them. ‘Great. He’s gonna go all Alpha male of the pack on Cas and scar him for life,’ Dean can’t help but muse. Again, he doesn’t think he could have hoped for anything different. Dad will do what Dad does. It’s up to Cas to face that and stand his ground.
and Dean himself is the one who pushes his Dom’s cock all the way into his ass when he finally grabs Castiel’s cheeks and pulls forward. All the while he moans and swears like a whore as he impales himself on his Dom’s thick erection. They didn’t need the scarf to make that happen, after all, Castiel thinks, smug, even though he needs to move his hands from Dean’s body to the table to keep his balance and take deep breaths to calm down a bit. Dean’s walls are cocooning his cock from root to tip and gripping it like a vice. He’s
‘Oh, thank fucking goodness!’ Dean’s mental voice screams in his head while he jumps up – his knee will
He thanks Carl and closes the door, so he can bring the plant back to his living room before going out, and notices there’s a note. ‘I saw this on my way to your place and bought it on a whim. Forget-me-nots have always made me think of you. I hope you don’t mind taking care of this plant, I’ll take it if you’d rather not. Cut flowers are just sad and an ecological disaster. Can’t wait to see you.’
The sound hadn’t even left his mouth that the perfect vision of his adorable boy was in front of him.
“Of course I wanna try. I’ve wanted to rim you since our first night together. We weren’t prepared back then, but we are now, aren’t we?”
It’s not that he doesn’t want to go for round two. He wants alright. He’s pretty sure he’ll want even when, hopefully, they get to round two thousand. But he wants Cas to see Dean wants all of him. His face and his body, yes, but what’s within those things too – his brain, his heart, his soul. And he wants to give him all of that in return.
Dean is smiling to himself as he’s recalling all these interactions with Jimmy on his way to work, especially how Jimmy had laughed – boisterously, head thrown back and nose all scrunched up – when Dean told him about the day he had to wear the Little Mermaid hoodie at work because he had lost a bet with a colleague, and about the variously puzzled ways his customers had looked at him, when he sees Jimmy in his usual spot. Where he shouldn’t be, because this is definitely breakfast time. Caught off guard, Dean’s making his way to him even before he fully realizes his feet are moving.
to start believe, really believe, that yes, Cas wants and owns him, but that Dean owns Cas right back. That, as crazy as that sounds, Castiel Novak wants to be wanted and owned by Dean Winchester. The realization has a smile slowly spread on his face and a warm, fuzzy feeling worm its way through his chest.
“Some turn to homeless people to have sex acts performed for half the price they’d pay respectable hookers. In my case, my cocksucker lips would apparently be enough to forget about the homeless thing for 5 minutes. But only if I swallow, of course.”
man as his husband and the father of his children, and he had agreed immediately. He suggested, however, that their mothers’ and fathers’ names be also used, and that’s how Catherine Mary Naomi Winchester-Novak and William Chuck John Winchester-Novak joined the family.
Castiel knew Dean, and himself, and their relationship, enough to know that there wasn’t just one reason. There was a whole array of them, all tangled together, so entangled that it would probably be impossible to make heads or tails of them. Not unless they were both ready to really try, and be very, very patient. Their own traumas, what they had done to each other, or
So now Dean had no other choice but to pull an all nighter if he was to have the slightest chance to get at least a passing grade that wouldn’t shoot his average for this course to hell. It had been so nice to pass every test with flying colors so far. Oh well, there were worse things in life, right? Earthquakes, for examples. Erupting volcanoes. Grasshopper invasions.
If Dad just pissed on Dean, he would save everyone’s time at this point. Cas cannot have missed that Dean is “his boy” and “his son” as well as the not so implicit “you hurt him, I will dismantle you like I dismantle the cars in here.”
Fuck. Dean brought this on himself, didn’t he? Cas has forgiven him, but that doesn’t mean he cannot make him pay for it a bit.
. He’s certainly not putting the ring in a glass of wine or on top of a dish, because Dean would be endlessly mortified if Cas ingested his engagement ring – which he spent a lot of time looking for and paid a small fortune to buy – so he’d
“You misunderstand, my love,” Castiel replies between one kiss and the next, one nibble and the next, while also starting a regular, slow rhythm with his hips that allows his cock to slide in and out of Dean’s body and enjoy how welcoming, in his heat and smoothness, it is. “I wasn’t suggesting we should have an open relationship.” Gosh, but it’s getting difficult to think and talk while Dean’s ass is so tight and so warm, and his legs are wrapping around Castiel’s hips more securely, as if Dean needs to make sure Castiel stays right where he is but he also needs to lure him even deeper inside of himself, while his hands are buried in Castiel’s hair and he’s releasing little moans as his breathing quickens. “On the contrary. I just wanna make sure you want to be only mine. Like I want you to be. Like I only want to be yours.”
It’s Friday afternoon, and Castiel’s still in his office, going through some final numbers before he’ll be able to call it a day, and a week. He doesn’t want to have to bring home any work this weekend. He’s told himself it’s because he’s tired and deserves a break, but he’s mature enough to admit it might have more than a little bit to do with Dean. He’s meeting Dean on Sunday afternoon, and he’s afraid he won’t be able to focus on anything else once he leaves the office today.
He then took his fingers out carefully and got up to go grab the wipes Cas had put in his desk drawer. That would certainly make clean up easier than the previous two times. He had such a good, smart boy.
So Castiel does. In one stride he collides with Dean, one hand going to fist in his hair while the other circles around his waist and tugs him against Castiel. He kisses him hard, filthy, plundering his mouth with his tongue and teeth, licking, sucking, biting. Dean lets him. He lets him do whatever he wants with him. His hands and arms are around Castiel’s shoulders and he’s plastering himself to Castiel’s front, but he’s not doing anything other than that. Other than making himself open and available for Castiel to do as he pleases.
about it again, soon,” Castiel adds, stressing the word ‘talk’ enough that Dean cannot fail to understand that means he’s getting the spanking he earned himself for this little stunt. “But I cannot risk leaving it on you tonight, baby boy. You’re already incredibly tempting as it is,” he concludes, hoping that both the sincere praise and the promise of a thorough spanking in the near future – more a reward than a punishment for his sometimes bratty sub – will help his birthday boy not to feel too disappointed that his sneaky plan failed so miserably.
While he’s getting dressed, a rumble coming from the pit of his stomach reminds him that his lunch and dinner the day before were quick and absolutely unsatisfactory, so a big breakfast is what he needs to make sure this day keeps going as well as it has started. The reviews do say that breakfast at this hotel is a real treat, varied and with something for every taste and dietary need, and prepared with top quality products. Apparently, it is also served in a very nice room that faces a beautiful garden and where the morning sunlight gives the place an almost dreamlike atmosphere.
Dean Winchester Singer is a sentimental guy. He’d never admit it out loud and will always deny it when called out on it. But he totally is. And he’s a nester and a hoarder. Having grown up with next to nothing, it doesn’t take a Master’s in psychology to realize that is the source of his nesting and hoarding instincts. He needs a place and things he can call his own. He still lives in the first apartment he was ever able to rent, once he landed a steady position as a mechanic at his adoptive father’s auto shop. He could have moved any time in the years between then and now, but he’s never wanted to. The apartment is
Dean’s face softens instantly and his eyes shine with a watery gaze. He needs to clear his throat before replying, “I appreciate that, Cas. So much. I, um, like sharing things with you too. A lot.”
Dean’s really trying not to thrust up into the hot, wet heaven of Cas’s mouth, and he’s really trying to look unaffected, lest someone realizes what they’re doing, but damn if Cas isn’t making it almost impossible for Dean to control his reactions.
“What?” Dean asks, knowing he’s a little shit and hoping Cas will make him pay for it when it will be Dean’s turn to have his own first time with his fiancé. “That you’re beautiful?”
Even though the she-devil at the reception – “Meg,” as she made sure to inform Dean when she told him that he could “call her for
“Now,” Dean continues after clearing his throat, “the bathroom’s that way, first door on the left after the kitchen. I left out towels, a new toothbrush, and a shaver in case you want to get rid of your beard. There are some clothes you can wear on the bed in the room right in front of the bathroom. Just leave your clothes outside the door so I can start a load.”
“And nothing,” another peck to his husband’s lips for good measure was in order. “You had your reasons.
He kept looking for them, but they never once looked in his direction again. Dean couldn’t seem to stop looking though. He told himself that he was just annoyed because he had lost his plaything. He even admitted to himself that he felt kind of shitty for going too far like he had. Granted, not enough to apologize. But enough that he never let Castiel out of his radar. That’s how he began to notice that Cas – that’s how he started to think of him in his head, and it will never not be hilarious to Dean that not even
The next two or three minutes are spent just like that. With Dean on his knees, sitting on his folded legs with his hands on his own thighs, while he stares at his boyfriend’s delighted face as his cock slides in and out of Dean’s welcoming mouth. Cas alternates between staring at how his dick pushes inside of his boyfriend’s mouth without any resistance, saying things like “Jesus, Dean, your mouth, fuck, so warm”, and throwing his head back in pleasure. He keeps his word, never being too rough, or too rushed, just keeping a slow, steady rhythm of in and out, in and out. He’s not trying to get off, he’s just keeping himself stimulated while he enjoys the thrill of being the undisputed owner of Dean’s mouth and the only person allowed to use it like this.
Dean’s best friends had been thrilled when Dean told them that he and Cas had officially become boyfriends and were ready to start meeting the important people in each other’s lives. Benny just said that Dean had worked hard to earn this chance so he better not “blow it because everyone sees what a deserving person you are but you” – damn him for knowing Dean so well – while Charlie had squealed so high Dean was pretty sure all the dogs in a ten mile radius has been able to hear her and were
They kept scening together for a while and exploring various kinks, and, as much as it killed him, Castiel even encouraged Dean to scene with other Doms – trustworthy ones he recommended himself, knowing they would take care of the precious sub. Castiel wanted to make sure that Dean’s needs be met and that he could have a chance to branch out, and was aware that that might not happen, if he stopped to the first Dom he’d ever scened with.
had made that one from scratch. A blue fleece blanket, with an embroidered ugly dog face – the poor canine has one eye higher than the other and its whiskers are weird looking too. That ugly, ugly face is even complemented by a sewed pair of flapping ears Dean had knitted himself. He had made that blanket the one time Charlie convinced him taking a knitting course together would strengthen their friendship, so they could get “even more tight-knitted” than before – a pun Dean will
With that he moves to the other side of the bed, puts an arm behind his head and starts stroking himself slowly with the other hand, keeping his legs slightly parted invitingly.
. To know that Cas is even more gentle, attentive and incredible a partner than Dean had ever dared hope he’d be.
When he’s able to focus again, Dean’s lying with his eyes closed and his arms bent on the table next to his head. His chest is covered in his own come and he’s taking deep breaths even as a blissed out expression has appeared on his beautiful face.
“Awesome, Sir. I almost forgot it was there a couple times but then I’d move, and-,” he cuts himself off and tries to stifle a moan, and Castiel realizes he’s hit his prostate while playing with the plug.
As they visit the exhibition, which is surprisingly interesting, and learn about KGB concealment deceives, crypto and cypher machines and spy radios, Castiel tells Dean the reason why he wanted to visit this particular museum is that he’s of Russian descent.
Dean felt his breath hitch a little. That’s what he’d tried to do from the beginning. Apparently, he was doing more than trying. He was succeeding. Yoda would be so proud of him.
“Of course. I can’t wait to see the green eyed monster take over everyone around us when they realize I snatched the most beautiful man out there and he is mine and only
Castiel lies on top of Dean again, kissing him as he pushes his hips down on Dean’s, a delicious mimicry of what they’ll be doing soon. Then he slides on his side next to Dean. This way, he can use his right hand to ease him open and his left arm to keep Dean’s head propped up, so he can kiss him through it and take notice of any little change in Dean’s expressions. He trusts Dean will communicate with him, but he wouldn’t mind to stop doing anything wrong the very second he even starts doing it.
,” he adds, and a mischievous smile takes the place of the happy one. “Can we do this again in September?” He asks then, trying to look and sound innocent and failing royally. “30 is a big birthday, and it deserves a big celebration,” he reasons, wiggling his eyebrows. “Amirite?”
It would be poetic if he was also the one to give it back to him. Right now, terrifying is what it is.
The same was true for toys. Dean had considered the possibility of using dildos, beads and vibrators on his beautiful baby, but found he didn’t really like the idea of anything – or
Dean sighs contentedly, but scolds himself one second later, because he doesn’t need to waste time daydreaming about the man. Not anymore. Cas is
Cas is giving as good as he’s getting, rolling his hips so his movements can meet Dean’s and amplify the friction, clutching at Dean’s shoulders, arms, back, holding him just as tightly.
Once he’s sure Dean’s cock is coated in lube root to tip, Cas straddles his lap again, circles his boyfriend’s erection with one of his hands and lines it against his hole to start sinking down.
When he heard the door bell ring, Dean couldn’t help but smile to himself, knowing he was two seconds away from being greeted by that dazzling smile.
His aftershocks are so strong and last so long that it takes Dean some time to realize Cas must have come too, because his forehead is pressed against Dean's shoulder blades, right where his hand was before, and he's panting like a man who's been under water too long.
“-because I was afraid to scare you away. I asked you to move in two weeks ago, I thought it would be too much too soon. But I know, I
His stomach sinks when he recognizes that this is it, he doesn't have much time left before he needs to go, especially as Cas knows all too well what the situation in Dean's pants is, so he couldn't even pretend, even if he wanted – and he really doesn't, because dried come in his most intimate place is annoying as fuck – that he doesn't need to clean up sooner rather than later.
Still, Dean wants Cas to feel appreciated and validated, and he also wants to take the chance to let him know he’s not the only one who swings that way. So he replies “Well, their loss. Let them endure their sad, hateful life in doucheland while we make the most of Eden without them,” before winking at the man and smiling his signature Winchester seductive smile.
When Cas starts stroking himself, stripping his cock hard and fast just like he loves it, and redoubles his efforts to bounce on Dean’s cock so he can take him deeper and faster, angling his hips to try and get Dean’s dick to brush against his prostate as often as possible, Dean knows he’s about to come. Thank fuck because Dean’s barreling towards his own orgasm at an alarming speed and he
“I usually spend the rest of the morning and sometimes early afternoon running errands for the hotel, like going to the farmers’ market, then I focus on my hobbies.”
These are all the reasons why Castiel opts for premium quality products and keeps prices just high enough for the hotel to pay for itself and make a small revenue. He likes to think that, if he doesn’t raise the prices, especially for families and elderly people, they can afford to stay longer, making more memories and spending their money around the neighborhood at cafes and shops and entertainment venues.
Cas is looking at him with a furrowed brow, as if is he’s trying to assess whether Dean’s real, fake, or in urgent need of medical attention.
Getting up, making and eating breakfast, taking a shower, making and eating a light lunch, choosing what to wear and getting ready to meet with Dean occupy the rest of his time and, before he knows it, there’s a knock on his door.
Of course Dean would know what Cas needed to hear the most. He smiles, can’t help it, and feels his nerves abate, only excitement remaining.
Castiel moves his hands to the table top next to Dean’s face – Dean who’s moaning and whimpering and mumbling incoherently and panting and scratching the table with short fingernails when his hands aren’t gripping its edges. He gets up on the ball of his feet, because, even though his legs are slightly bent at the knee, Dean’s taller than Castiel in normal circumstances, and he’s much taller than him on heels. He moves his body weight on his arms and shoves himself inside of Dean’s ass as hard as he can, putting all the strength his hips can muster behind his thrusts. Dean’s screaming in pleasure now, Castiel thinks he can hear “yes”, “so good”, “more”, but he doesn’t know whether that’s true or wishful thinking, unclear as the sounds leaving Dean’s mouth are.
Novak gets more and more desperate, in both words and sounds, and starts rutting against the bed like a man possessed – which Dean allows out of the goodness of his heart – alternating between seeking friction against the mattress and canting his ass back for Dean’s tongue to hit its mark, until finally,
“Yeah?” That damn brow will be the death of him. There is exactly nothing Cas couldn’t make him do when he uses his dom brow like that.
“For real,” Castiel replies with a smile that he hopes will help him convey how pleased he truly is.
Jimmy is eyeing him with an expression between utter disbelief, gratefulness and amusement. Could be worse, Dean thinks. Could be raining, right?
“I mean,” Dean starts, but stops when the feeling of Cas’s channel around his cock and Cas’s moans get overwhelming. “I didn’t particularly like it before, that’s true. But I like it. With you,” he concludes, panting a little. He’s finally sheathed to the hilt and he needs to rest his forehead against Cas’s and close his eyes to calm down a bit. Fucking Cas feels so good, every time.
He sits down for the time he needs to pour lube on his fingers, and then gets to work. He almost feels like he’s having an out-of-body experience, when he starts kissing Dean’s mouth and circling his hole at the same time. Dean hisses at the first contact and mumbles “cold” before bringing his hand to the side of his neck and use it to pull Castiel down into a kiss. Seems like Dean wants to be kissed as he’s being prepped too.
Dean barely has the time to sit down properly that Cas’s already straddling his lap. Dean loves fucking Cas however, whenever and wherever he wants. He’s even bottomed more than a couple times and loved it far more than he had in the past. But he still prefers to top and Cas prefers to bottom and as much as Cas is always, always unbelievably sexy when they fuck, nothing’s better than having him ride Dean’s cock. He does it like that’s his life mission. He’s never shy when they’re intimate, but when he’s topping from the bottom, that’s when he really lets it go and just goes with what he wants and feels like doing. That’s the one time Dean’s pleasure doesn’t take precedence, the one time Cas
The companies mentioned really exist, this chapter marks the beginning of the many, many, many google searches I did for this fic lol
When the elevator doors open and they set foot in the office, Dean has the distinct feeling that all eyes are on him, even though everyone is trying very hard to look like they are working. It’s the end of the working day, no one is that focused when they’re about to leave the office for fuck’s sake.
The mess in his head – and in his chest – doesn’t get any better when he does see Cas. Grinding against a bulky man on the dance floor, something like Benny, if Dean’s not mistaken. Their eyes lock and hold for what seems to be a very long time to Dean. They’re both frozen, looking at each other, Dean is rooted to the spot while Cas sways in time with his partner’s movements, but it’s clear he’s just letting himself be taken along for the ride, his focus solely on Dean. The guy,
better than being sorry in this specific instance. They want this new tradition of celebrating their birthdays with a jointly-designed scene which includes some minor surprise to be off to a
He can’t look away from the spectacular view of his cock being swallowed by Dean’s ass inch by inch. He’s pushing in slowly, steadily, guided by the pressure of Dean’s hands on his biceps. He slows down when it increases and keeps going when it decreases.
Here it is, guys, the epilogue. I cannot believe I'm about to post this and complete another chaptered fic that got to 50k. I *never* thought I'd write something this long and I'm so happy i did.
He’s all but forgotten about it a few days later when, walking back home from work, he sees a cocoon lying on the sidewalk wrapped up in one of his blankets, a shock of black hair the only visible thing.
“Oh yes,” Dean confirms, and, wow, Cas’s soft smile sure is soft. “Go on, I’ll only be a minute” Dean adds, brushing his lips against Cas's cheek, leaving in his wake a barely there kiss and a half stunned Cas. Maybe he too, like Dean, felt that that simple, innocent peck was more intimate than anything they've done so far. Maybe he felt it too, the spike of elation at doing something that screams
In case the name doesn’t make any bells ring, Corbett is the gay kid whose ghost ended up with a birthday hat at a ghost party during one of the episodes with the ghost facers. The poor kid was an absolute darling and totally deserved better, so I thought a revenge fuck with Dean, even though not ideal, is definitely better than what he got in canon. At least he gets some here lol
and that makes him cry even harder, because he knows that once Cas gets home and takes a shower his smell will be gone and it will be like it never happened, like they never happened, and it’s fucking unfair. “Dean,” Cas tries again, cupping Dean’s face with both hands and trying to bring Dean to look at him. “What is it, sweetheart? Did I hurt you?”
Castiel is looking at him with a ‘that’s rich’ expression. “What could I have possibly had do to with it? We haven’t met in over a decade.”
As a consequence, Dean and Cas spent the rest of September and the months of October and November dating, getting to know each other, having an outrageous amount of sex, and exploring the city together until Dean’s ‘things to see in NY’ list merged with his ‘things to see in NY with Cas’ list. They visited every single inch of Central park and the Empire State Buiding. Cas had to promise Dean a blowjob to convince him to get to the 102nd floor due to his fear of heights (“The Top of the Rock was hard enough, Cas! The 102nd floor?! And there’s just a glass between us and
Dean’s face was… perfect. His eyes were wide, his mouth open in disbelief, the bags under his eyes dark, the freckles on his nose golden.
His tongue becomes more insistent inside of Dean’s mouth, fucking it with the same vigor he wishes he could use to fuck his ass, but which Castiel needs to withhold, for now.
He kept going on his downward descent, leaving open mouthed kisses on his beauty’s delicious abs and super sharp hipbones.
Talking about the seasoning of the meat is as safe a topic of discussion as Dean can come up with, and that leads to Dean telling Jimmy about him learning to cook thanks to his adoptive mum, who’s an incredible cook, being willing to teach him. And that leads Dean to tell Jimmy about him and his brother having been adopted as kids.
I'm going away for a few days and getting back at the beginning of next week, so I thought I'd post this earlier rather than later :-D
He closed blinds, locked doors, turned out lights, all the while reminding himself to breathe and keep his temper in check.
Sammy even commented once that everyone using Dean’s bathroom would think there were two people living in Dean’s house. A weird, little shiver had run through Dean’s body when he heard the words “looks like someone else lives here”. If Dean had to be honest with himself (‘which is a
Cas stands up and collects the empty glass, so he can place it on the table before grabbing the small plate of chocolates and straddling Dean’s lap.
Sure enough, when Dean opens his eyes, Cas’s blue diamonds are unwaveringly trained on his face. “Now please don’t take too much with the popcorn.
“Gotta say, if that is your goal, you sure achieved it. I simply love having breakfast here. And the handsome and interesting owner of the hotel is not the only reason,” Dean ends on a wink as if he hasn’t just set Castiel’s groin
Once they get in front of Castiel’s building and have said their goodnight, Dean makes a  move to kiss him. Castiel leans forward too, but retreats at the very last second with a satisfied smirk, what he knows is an equally satisfied glint in his eyes, and a “goodnight Dean”.
So when the stream of Christmas presents was finally over and he realized most of the new presents could substitute old things he barely ever used, he made a revolutionary decision. He decided to donate to charity some of the things he wouldn’t use anymore, or that he had stored away with the tags still on.
Castiel’s the first to admit that having a little, young thing like Dean, who gets ogled wherever they go, as a husband has made his possessive instincts sharper than they used to be, but he honestly thinks he can congratulate himself on this compromise solution. Rather than asking Dean to tattoo ‘I belong to Castiel Novak’ at the small of his back, so Castiel could enjoy looking at the words whenever he fucks his boy from behind and anyone could see them whenever Dean’s clothes ride up or down enough for that bit of flesh to be revealed, he’s decided to go for this discreet option instead.
That was how Dean left his job as a mechanic – but never left Bobby behind as he, very much like Missouri, had always been the closest thing to what a father
‘You could run your fingers through it, see if you can help.’ Dean’s brain is clearly full of ideas this morning. Dean hopes it will just
“They are at risk of extinction, Dean!” Castiel replies, suddenly very animated. “If they die, we die! We all have to do what we can to feed them and keep them alive. Plus, they work so hard, and give us honey. Did you know that, if unopened, a jar of honey can keep indefinitely? That’s how precious honey is and-“ the man cuts himself off, his blush coming back with a vengeance. “I’m sorry, I’m rambling. Gabe - that’d be my brother -“
They go back to actions and touches then, getting once again lost in the sensory paradise of feeling the other’s skin, lips and body against theirs, of being as connected as they possibly can, of the friction and the sounds and warmth.
he wanted it. How he wanted to be jerked off, eaten out, fingered, blown, fucked. What worked and didn’t work for him, which toys they could use and which ones they couldn’t. Cas even shared his fantasies, including the fact that he’d love to see Dean in panties and would love it if he could fuck Dean. Dean found that he wasn’t opposed to anything Cas asked, or demanded. He realized that it was Cas’s pleasure that took precedence, Dean’s own pleasure almost an afterthought and always, invariably linked to satisfying Cas first.
“ - I get it. You found someone who is right for you and there’s no more room to fool around with me. She’s beautiful and cheerful and
Collecting himself at the very last instant, he’d smiled and told Dean “That can be arranged,” before bidding him goodnight and taking his leave.
going on – was always kind with anyone, and had to be extremely funny because his friends would always laugh at what he said. They always laughed with him, never at him. And his whole group never laughed at anyone. They were good people. And Castiel also had to be super smart, because he graduated valedictorian. And if Dean went to see the ceremony making sure he wouldn’t be seen, he told himself he had done that because next year it would be his class and he wanted to see how the whole shindig was supposed to go.
They kiss for a few minutes, until the heat in Castiel’s groin starts flaring again. He needs to start prepping Dean
Dean goes back to breathing, and he hadn’t even realized he’d stopped doing that while he was waiting for Cas’s response, and smiles back, incredulous and happier than he’s been in a long, long, long, long, long time.
Dean’s eyes drop and he presses closer to Castiel again. He seems to need the closeness to feel reassured. Castiel suspects he didn’t think he’d be given a choice in the matter. He really was ready to give himself over completely and not be asked to voice his own desires. They clearly will have to work on Dean’s sense of self worth. And Castiel will have to do a far better job at making Dean feel wanted and cared for. “Face to face,” Dean says, voice so low it’s almost a whisper. “I wanna look into your eyes, Cas,” Dean’s eyes snap up, desperate for Castiel to see the truth in them, “God, I missed your eyes
“She had this theory that people can be grouped into those who tuck the chair in after eating, and those who don’t and leave it there for someone else to pick up their slack.”
work of art under your hands and not explore every inch of him like he deserved? Oh well, their loss, his gain. Not only did Dean get to have Cas now, he also got to soak up Cas’s reactions when he did something sexual for the first time. And would forever be the first person Cas had done that something with. Take that, faceless, nameless,
“That’s literally the best gift one can give me, Dean. If you’re trying to woo me, consider me properly wooed.” Castiel says with a look he was told is “a smolder”, whatever that means, that he knows for a fact has left a few lovers on wobbly legs in the past. He would wink playfully, like Dean usually does, expect he doesn’t know how to wink to save his life. So channeling all of his sexual attraction for this man in a look to make him understand how very much changed his attitude is will have to do.
He then turned fully, to fix an icy cold stare and a smug smile on the poor boy whose only fault had been to awaken Dean’s most secret desires. “Stop aiming that high. Just pick someone who actually plays in the same league as you, ok Castel?”
what he’s doing to Dean, his self-congratulating smirk tells Dean as much. So he’s not put out by Dean’s lack of reply, recognizing precisely for what it is: Dean’s brain being fried and useless, probably for good, because of how absolutely hot and wicked his beautiful,
Dean clears his throat, clearly sensing they’ve somehow ventured into very private territory which would maybe be better explored during one of their evening’s conversations in the garden, surrounded by the quiet and the fading light, rather than in the middle of breakfast with the whole of the hotel waking up around them.
They’re soon relocated in the master bedroom and a few moments of silence pass before Dean’s forced to huff a small laugh.
“Her. Charlie stands for Charlene. But you don’t call her that unless you wanna lose the physical proof you have a Y chromosome. Her words, not mine.” Again, a melancholic chuckle.
Dean’s eyes get soft and shiny as he tries to prevent his tears from falling. He smiles the sweetest smile, swallows again and asks, “Make love to me?”
A red flush has appeared on the man’s ass and upper thighs and Dean’s in love with it instantly. He wants more of it. He still needs to make sure Novak’s on the same page though, even though his initial soft gasps have quickly evolved into little grunts and groans and, for the last few hits,
Cas needs to close his eyes for a moment. He always does when he’s speared open on Dean’s dick, especially in this position. Riding Dean makes Cas feel every single inch of him more acutely than he does in any other position. It feels so
When they enter Chelsea Market, Castiel deliberately slows down his pace, to give Dean a chance to take a look around and himself a chance to look at Dean’s reaction closely. Castiel loves Chelsea Market. It’s a good example of urban redevelopment, which respects the surrounding area and offers opportunity and variety to the neighborhood. As nice as the market is, and as good Castiel finds the food in basically every restaurant here, this is no five star establishment, and Castiel is curious to see what Dean’s reaction will be. Rather than disappointed, however, Dean appears to be delighted. He is smiling a wide smile that is making little happy crinkles appear around his eyes, and is looking around with the same expression a kid in a toy store at Christmas might wear.
Dean blinks a few times before his beautiful green eyes finally open, and a dopey smile spreads on his face when he sees what Castiel is doing.
Dean turns his head to the side in time to see Cas taking a small packet of lube out of his back pocket. Either his boyfriend is a boy scout at heart, or he thought they might find themselves in this situation. Well, he did wear the goddamn red leather jacket, after all. He
Dean was so baffled it was Charlie the one who dragged him to retrieve their order while commenting “The coffee here
“Yes,” Cas’s laugh is way too self-deprecating for Dean’s liking, “and I kept hoping against hope that something had held you up at work and you’d come to see me even though I assumed you already had.”
Cas has always been exceptionally bright though, so Dean doubts he liked the way he acted in high school. It’s much more likely that Cas was a slave to his hormones like any other teenager and was OK with closing an eye on shitty behavior, at least to a certain extent, if it came in exchange for a good fuck with a hot guy.
All of that was what attracted Dean in the first place, and he stalked toward Gorgeous as soon as he spotted him waiting for his drink at the bar without a second thought.
Nine days, in fact. Dean’s proposed Wednesday rather than Thursday, and Castiel accepted. While he rinses himself one last time to get rid of all the traces of his handjob before exiting the shower and getting ready for the day, Castiel smiles at the idea of Dean’s being eager enough that he wants to see him 24 hours earlier rather than later. He had briefly considered to be a bit cruel and tell him something had come up and he could only do Thursday when Dean asked, but he decided against it. Castiel’s not fully ready to admit that that had a lot to do with the fact that he, too, wants to see Dean sooner rather than later.
He’s going slow, so very slow, giving little back and forth thrusts that take him deeper and deeper. He wants his boy to have all the time to get used to the intrusion, and he himself wants to savor the indescribable feeling of his boy’s inner walls giving way to make room for his cock inside of Dean.
Dean’s confidence about choosing this place to spend the next two weeks of his life, which was already high enough to be in the stratosphere, has just skyrocketed and it’s in Mars now.
“If they don’t sell all the stuff from the previous day, they give what they have left to homeless people the following morning. But you gotta be in front of their back entrance super early, because there’s a line and when the food is over, it’s over. So that’s where I usually go in the morning. Sometimes it’s the only food I eat all day, so, yeah.”
Dean takes a deep breathe. Go big or go home. The truth or nothing. Dean is no longer the person who lies or manipulates. When asked a direct question, he replies truthfully now. And Lord knows Castiel deserves the truth, finally.
have someone who loves him. But then why is he homeless and alone now? Did he run away? Is he trying to escape something, or someone? Or was he really so alone that he ended up on the streets and no one was there to prevent that? Did he have a job, lost it and lost everything else as a consequence? He didn’t have any savings then? And how did he lose his job, supposing he had one? Was it his fault?
Dean kept licking inside and around his boy’s hole for a little longer before draping himself over him to whisper in his ear “How does it feel, beautiful? To know that I have been inside of you in every possible way now? My fingers, my cock, my
asked him out. Dean hasn’t asked any of them out either, but that’s beside the point. The point being, Dean’s always being content to be a mouth and a hole for his fuck buddies, he’s never thought about any of them considering him boyfriend material. That’s what women usually do. The moment Dean gets in their panties – often thinking that they’d fit him just as well, if not better – they start talking about dating. The men who fuck him though, they never do that. So Dean’s never really worried about having to confront his extracurricular activities with men during his daylight life, as the thought of dating one has never even crossed his mind.
a great thing – and presents a small velvet box to Dean. Dean is clearly in shock. His beautiful green eyes are huge and already shining with gathering tears, and his mouth is hanging open. Cas opens the box to reveal two black rings, each one with a leaf-shaped pattern. One of the leaves in Dean’s ring is covered in diamonds, while a stone fills the other leaf. The stone is blue, obviously. Just as obviously, one of the stones in Cas’s ring is green, while the other is white.
Dean’s marking his neck and shoulder without restraint while he’s also pushing inside of him at a punishing pace must be sending Cas barreling toward his orgasm, because he sneaks a hand between their bellies and tries to grip his own cock, no doubt to start stroking himself to completion.
And he had to hand it to his boy, that had been a great idea - hands down in the top three of Dean’s best fucks ever.
Dean’s clearly trying to slow down his breathing and force his brain to cooperate enough to form words. “That bedside table, top drawer. But, um, I’m clean, so-“
Dean only moans and manages an eloquent “Shit” before sneaking a hand between his belly and the mattress to start stroking himself.
Thank you, again, so so much, everyone who read and supported the fic and me along the way, in any fashion, big or small. As a new writer, having you walking the path with me step by step has been so, so important. You guys rock!
As much as he’d like to keep kissing Dean for long hours, Castiel is excited for everything else they have planned too.
for God’s sake, blatantly check him out. Castiel stares each and every one of them into acknowledging how unwanted an unappreciated their interest is. Clearly, Dean is out of bounds. Dean’s noticed what Castiel was doing every single time, and it only seemed to turn him on. So Castiel has kept doing it anytime that it proved to be necessary, reassured by the knowledge that Dean wants to be out of bounds for anyone but Castiel.
Feeling his orgasm approaching super rapidly he sneaks a hand between their bodies and starts stroking his lover. The sound Dean makes in reply to that is
, they’re fueling his desire to get a guilty verdict just as much as the scared and pleading eyes the victim is looking at Dean with.
some warmth, even knowing that his body temperature wasn't really going up. Castiel's thought more than once that that's a destiny Dean's saving him from by putting an actually hot tea in his hand and chasing the temptation of the bottle away. And then, as if that wasn’t enough, he's even offered him the chance to feel the unbelievable warmth of a proper shower again. A luxury he
was probably one of the items Dean had added to the list of reasons why he could never tell Cas, or anyone, that he loved them. He was terrified of losing the people he cared about, yes. But he was more terrified that they’d lose their lives for loving him in return. That was certainly true in the case of Castiel. No matter that Dean’s soul longed for him constantly and Castiel could feel that. Being a member of Team Free Will was dangerous enough. Castiel had already been more than once the Achilles’ heel demons, monsters and angels had tried to use to get to the Winchesters, to get to Dean. Castiel knew, just like Dean knew, that if they got involved in a romantic relationship and the supernatural world got a whiff of that, Castiel would have even a bigger target on his back.
He doesn’t want that now. Yes, Cas’s pleasure is paramount. But so is Dean’s. He wants that tranquil familiarity back, the sense of belonging that comes from having sex with someone you’ve had sex with for years, someone you love and who loves you. That comforting certainty that no matter how the sex will be – rough, sweet, quick, slow, awkward, teasing, joyful – it’s something both partners do to share their love first and foremost.
Castiel can’t help but smile when Dean raises his gaze and his eyes lock with Castiel’s, a silent apology swimming in them. They’re so expressive, Dean’s eyes. Castiel loves them, like he loves the rest of him.
Cas’s stubborn frown would be endearing, if Dean’s heart wasn’t squeezing and expanding simultaneously. This man is incredible, and he doesn’t even see it. “Did she at least offer to repay you somehow?”
“I’m sorry, beautiful, but you’re gonna have to learn to take compliments. Hell, they’re not even compliments, they’re plain
Cas told Dean to take off his clothes while starting to remove his own. That will speed up the process considerably, since Cas tends to take his time when he’s the one to undress Dean, unwrapping him like he’s the most precious of gifts and not being satisfied until he’s kissed him all over.
if possible’. He even texted Castiel pictures of both lists. Dean told him he had compiled the second list even without knowing whether Cas would pick up the phone and answer Dean’s call, because ‘I had been dreaming of you for 15 years anyway. Just figured one more dream couldn’t hurt’. Castiel, in an uncharacteristic fashion that was becoming more and more characteristic the more he and Dean interacted, hadn’t known what to say for a while. Dean wasn’t trying to hold any kind of power in whatever it was that they were doing, he was being completely generous with his words and actions and letting Castiel decide what he wanted to do with that, and with him. It was getting more and more difficult for Castiel to believe this was some kind of elaborated scheme by an evil mastermind.
As soon as they left the club, Castiel asked him where he wanted to go, so he could give the address to the Uber he was ready to call.
Dean can't pretend he truly believes Cas just wants to hear him play. He knows the man's attracted to him and this is just a convenient excuse to get all close and personal with him. Cas might have changed his mind since yesterday though. And if that is case, Dean will respect his decision of course. He will play him however many songs he wants and then take his leave.
A handful of seconds later Cas screamed “Dean, I’m-“ and started shooting his load all over his chest. Dean watched, enraptured and more than a little smug, as rope after rope landed, going as far as Cas’s chin. All the while, he kept fingering him slowly, only stopping when Cas slumped on the couch exhausted.
When he regains the ability to form some coherent thought, he realizes he’s climaxed – he doesn’t know if he came on Cas’s cock or if his boyfriend stroked him to completion while emptying himself into his ass – because Cas is cleaning his own come from his chest with a warm cloth and an adoring smile, before placing a small kiss on his slightly pudgy belly and declaring “all done.”
would prefer instead of what’s best for Cas. But Dean can’t help but worry. He wonders how Cas spends his days, where he goes, what he does, what and where – and if – he eats when he’s not with Dean.
The absence of any kind of action wakes Dean from his trance by letting him know his boyfriend is waiting for his consent. Cas would never do anything Dean hasn’t explicitly approved.
Focusing on unlacing Dean’s boot gives Cas a reason to keep his eyes on what he’s doing rather than on his boyfriend, and Castiel is grateful for that. He’s feeling uncharacteristically shy, out of his comfort zone, and he’s finding it difficult to meet Dean’s eyes. He’s afraid of what he might find there. So when he hears his boyfriend’s breath hitch a little as Cas starts removing his sock and the slight hesitation is his reply “N-no, of course not, feel free to pamper away”, Cas feels relieved and emboldened.
Dean’s still reeling – furious, hurt, confused, uncertain. He doesn’t even know what the fuck he’s feeling right now, couldn’t say which emotion is stronger if they paid him. He can’t keep talking, he needs to
“Deal. But let’s get with the program and get one of those first times out of the way, shall we?” Cas demands, urging Dean to start moving with a sexy roll of his hips and a little swat to Dean’s backside.
This concludes the main story. There will be an epilogue, which I'll post on Saturday. It's not a short one, at all, but tags will be added for it, so if any of you would rather not read it for any reason, the story you set out to read is concluded anyway, which, I hope, will prevent anyone from feeling let down.
While Cas saves his work and shuts off his computer, Dean takes a chance to look around. Cas office is big, bright, with essential furniture. The desk is bigger than normal and occupies a good portion of the space available. There are books and magazines and files spread all over it. Cas clearly needs to be surrounded by all the relevant materials when he works, hence the big desk.
“Of course you will!” Dean’s stubborn frown will never not be adorable. Castiel has to stop thinking about him as ‘adorable’, ‘unreal’, ‘exceptional’ real fast. Even though all of that is true, nothing good can come out of Castiel falling for a man totally out of his league on top of everything else he already has going on.
“I hope it will be. We need to eat dinner first though, so why don’t you take a seat?” Dean suggests.
moans and a string of “Dean, Dean” and “Oh God”, “So good”, “Please” started leaving his mouth. He didn’t seem to be able to decide where to put his head, which he constantly lifted up and down, and turned left and right.
"What is it, baby?" Dean presses, gentle but firm. "You need to talk to me if we are to do this," he elaborates.
His merciless boyfriend is wearing the infamous red leather jacket. When they haven’t fucked in five days.
them to fight over it and he even instigates it on purpose sometimes. Again, Dean doesn’t give much of a fuck about what’s on TV, but Cas always seems so happy when they have one of their little battles to decides who gets to choose what they watch that night, so Dean’s always ready to oblige and is even starting to find it amusing too. Needless to say, Cas wins 90% of times and Dean’s OK with that.
Dean, for his part, was half elated and half scared...for Balthazar. Dean knew how much Cas hated being cornered, and he was pretty sure Cas wouldn’t forgive Balthazar for forcing him to say those words like that. Dean didn’t want Cas to lose his best friend over this. So he jumped in and said, “Cas, please, don’t fight with him over this. He was with you when I wasn’t, he was the one who picked up what I had broken, he has a right to have his own feelings about this. And I can use the reminder, every once in a while,” he looked at Balthazar with an expression clearly meant to convey ‘not every Goddamn second’, which actually caused Balthazar to drop his gaze in shame, “of how lucky I was that you gave me another chance.” Then, far more softly, after taking a step forward and pecking his boyfriend’s spectacular lips, he added, “And I love you too.”
“But I would have never let what’s happened last night happen if my plan had been to just yank your chain. I don’t sleep around, Dean. And as much as what you did to me in high school hurt immensely back then, and for years after, we were kids. Now we’re grown up men, doing something like that to you would have been unjustifiable.”
So, yeah, he definitely is a slut for this man's cock, and he can’t find it in himself to be ashamed about it.
that kind of thing, so Dean should just stop thinking and acting as if he was living in a fanfiction and appreciate that this was reality and he was having a very naughty, very fulfilling, non-strings-attached relationship with a super hot older man and leave it at that.
even though his little brother kept insisting he could simply stay at his place and avoid “throwing your money away when you don’t need to.”
Flirting a bit isn’t against the rules, right? He can still assess Dean while flirting. “So you’re a meat man, and a pie man. You’re trying to tell me you have a food kink?”
He turns around and goes in search of his keys, because he’d rather not lock himself out of his apartment on his second day in New York.
“The hotel! They say the hotel is beautiful!” Dean ends up saying while what he’s thinking is ‘Even though the hotel can’t hold a candle to its owner. Damn, look at those lips’. Dean thanks the good night’s sleep and the refreshing shower for the uncharacteristically good performance of his brain-mouth filter today.
He breaks the kiss only to fix an intense pair of blue eyes on him. “I hope you’ll soon have the chance, courage and strength to truly be yourself in every aspect of your life. Because you’re nothing if not gorgeous, sweetheart.”
“I mean, there are worse ways to wake up than with the man of your dreams rocking inside of you.” ‘Alone, for example,’ Dean’s dick of brain quips.
Cas’s overtly polite hospitality interrupts Dean’s stream of mental images of the two of them having their wicked way with each other in every available space around them.
You can’t possibly not see what an incredible man you are. I’m sure my friends and family will think so too.”
“So, we need to run to the pet store to buy food for Queeny and Zeus. To the bookstore to buy the list of books Sam sent us-“
intentionally, in the case of Balthazar, it would be a disaster, Dean reasoned. Not even God would be able to protect the man Naomi Novak suspected had roped one of her sons in an abusive relationship based on some kind of Stockholm syndrome dynamic. That would be
They’re so going to discuss that “unsolicited interest” from “persistent people” sooner rather than later.
the correct one, and Dean’s probably about to speak with Cas’s secretary. Whom he might have instructed not to put Dean through, so Dean tries not to get too carried away just yet.
Dean clears his throat and lowers his gaze. “I like topping, so if you were ever interested in switching, I wouldn’t say no. But I like bottoming more. I really do.” Dean lifts his gaze up, defiant, daring Castiel to mock him for his admission. He’s
“What else, Dean, tell me.” The rocking of his hips starts increasing fractionally, a slow, steady pull and push that lets his cock in and out of Dean’s ass gently, but firmly.
Cas grabs his chin with one of his giant hands, the other safely glued to Dean’s ass, and dives in. His tongue is unyielding and possessive in Dean’s mouth, his hand firm on his ass, his chest solid against Dean’s, rising up and down with the quickening of his breathing.
When Castiel had enquired as to why Dean wanted to go see those specific places with him, Dean had confessed he actually has two ‘must-see’ lists. One of places he wants to see and one of ‘places he wishes to see
All of that meant that they had the best, most loving and solid support system of all. Which was, truth be told, a very big part of the reason why Dean and Cas finally reasoned they could do this. They weren’t alone. They had an army of people who would learn and educate themselves alongside Dean and Cas and would invest their time and energies in helping them with their kids.
But no, he’s completely silent. It seems he has no intention of letting Dean forget he’s the one walking on thin ice here. Alright then.
Dean chuckles before he can stop himself and, predictably, gets presented with Cas’ stinky eye for his mistake.
Cas tilted his head in that adorable way of his – and by ‘adorable’ Dean meant ‘sexy as fuck in a purely physical way’, of course – no doubt wondering what Dean had in mind as a reward, but, being the good, obedient boy he was, stood up immediately and turned around to start crawling across the bed on all fours.
drunk though. Castiel had seen, and heard, and healed, a drunk Winchester enough times that he could tell the difference. No, he wasn’t drunk. He was sad. More than that, he sounded desperate.
Then Dean swallows, sighs, and mutters “Fuck my life”. His grumpy pouting would be adorable, if Castiel could let himself think of
“Very well, give me your phone,” Castiel replies while extending his hand for Dean to place his phone in.
No. Cas is just...being Cas – kind, sweet, polite, genuine, always ready to give others the benefit of the doubt and appreciate hard working people – and Samandriel is a kid with a huge crush who’s being a little slut and taking advantage of Cas’s good-hearted soul.
“Those in line before me left it because it looked too thin, but I thought that it was pretty warm anyway, and I was right. And the flapping ears made me smile, which, you know, doesn’t happen often anymore, so.”
Dean wishes he could say he’s a strong man who wouldn’t moan like a two cent whore in reply to that, but he isn’t. He definitely isn’t. He’s completely hard now, his dick red and heavy against his belly, and he has no intention of touching it with a single finger until tonight. He’s gonna do exactly what Castiel told him to do. Well,
Besides making this kind of executive decisions and taking care of the day-to-day errands, such as taking and retrieving the linens from their trusted laundry, Castiel’s main occupation is breakfast. He
Cas laughed out loud then, and Jesus fuck, what a beautiful sound. “I’m pretty sure everyone will think I hit the jackpot while you won... a game of bowling.”
He turns to Cas, joy and wonder on his face and in his voice. “I’m in New York, Castiel. I am here, for real. And this place is
Dean had to find a way to prevent Charlie from telling Cas about their LARPing activities and about his – hardly fought for and justly obtained – position as the Queen of Moondoor’s handmaiden.
“You’re being so good, beautiful boy, taking all of Sir so well,” he says, because he wants Dean to hear how pleased his Dom is with him, he wants him to know what an incredible sub he is.
They have never explicitly addressed what’s between them and this is the last place Dean would have chosen as the setting for that conversation. And to be honest, he’s not in the mood for a conversation either. He’s still full of adrenaline, reeling from the day’s events, and needs an outlet for all the frustration. He’s also totally tired of their tiptoeing around each other and never doing anything about it. The trial is over anyway, the verdict will be written down by the jury themselves, so Dean’s done waiting.
“Condoms and lube in the bed side table, I presume?” He asks once he’s satisfied with the work his tongue has done.
Dean knew he needed to hear those words said out loud by Cas’s gravelly voice, but he hadn’t realized the effect they’d have on him. The sheer relief he’d feel, as if a ten million pound weight had been lifted off of his chest all of a sudden and his lungs had been able to properly expand for the first time in forever.
Or maybe, he just needed to learn to fly differently? Maybe, with Dean, if they could give each other one last try, Castiel
“I have a dishwasher, Jimmy, so you don’t have to worry about the dishes. But, ehm, you don’t have to go, you know? Why, um, why don’t you stay for the night?”
Cas sure can’t help but be an oversized adorable puppy 90% of times. Dad doesn’t really know how to smile, not with his mouth, but those are his smiley eyes, so Dean takes that as a huge win.
“You... cooked us dinner?” Cas asks, but he’s still looking at the table, almost like he’s enchanted. It’s not a bad look. He seems to be in awe, and a warm feeling of happiness and accomplishment makes its way inside of Dean.
Cas takes the bracelet, which Dean had placed on the table before grabbing the bouquet, since he had been holding it in his closed fist the whole time they were making out, and silently asks Dean to offer one of his wrists.
He nods. When you don’t have words, you can always use what you still have. Like your face, even though you know the love-sick expression you’re showing is making you look like a goddamn moron.
Step number one, the bathroom. Dean puts towels and a brand new toothbrush on top of the cupboard, and a new sponge in the shower. He’s really gonna have to be extra thoughtful with Jess’s birthday gift this year to thank her for buying everything on his list while he was at work today. Next to the towels, he leaves an electric shaver, in case Jimmy wants to shave his beard too. He also has a traditional shaving kit, with a straight razor and all, but he doesn’t want to risk leaving Jimmy with something like that. He doesn’t really think Jimmy might self harm, he’s fighting to live on the streets and that means he’s still attached to life, at least to a certain extent, but Dean’s been reading about the hopelessness related to homelessness and he doesn’t want to take any chances. Not when he’s determined to do anything he can to help the man turn his life around, because he genuinely seems to be an incredibly decent guy and no one deserves to end up on the streets and be ignored more than a dog strolling on a leash with their humans. Ignored like Dean himself would have very likely ignored him, if he hadn’t been wrapped up in his blanket. The pang of guilt that always follows that thought is as sharp as ever.
Thanks everyone who's reading, leaving kudos, subscribing, bookmarking and commenting! You're awesome (*Said while shaking my head in my best Dean Winchester's impression*)
Distracted as he was by the news that he had yet another commitment, for the second night in a row, that would keep him away from Cas, Dean lost his window of opportunity to attract Cas’s attention. It didn’t help that Cas had clearly seen something that he didn’t like, because Dean had a front row seat to watch his back going stiff as a board and his shoulders tensing like they did when Cas was very, very displeased. Dean had noticed the new girl was taking orders for the first time today, so she probably had made some kind of minor mistake that Cas had deemed unforgivable and had rushed to fix.
“Yeah, Dean here offers free music classes to all the kids in the neighborhood. Apparently, “I can’t sing for shit but I’m not a total disaster with a keyboard””, Jack says in what is supposed to be an accurate impression of Dean which, however, misses its mark by a mile because Dean’s way smoother than that, and not even the frankly adorable air quotes he used can make up for that, and wait-, what did the kid just say??
Cas sees it, of course he does, and he takes the opportunity to get even closer and brush his lips against Dean’s. “Tell me, Dean, please. I know you’re angry, you have every right, I should have listened, I’m so sorry, and I’ll make it up to you however you want, my love. But please tell me I’m still yours,” Cas pleads. “I-, I need to be yours, Dean, always.”
“Ok, so, I gotta get going now. But, um, do you, I mean, you think you’re gonna be around here again?” The wariness and suspicion appear on Jimmy’s face in a nanosecond, so Dean hastens to clarify. “I, well,” he’s gonna have to be honest and make an ass of himself if he doesn’t want Jimmy to take him for a stalker, isn’t he? “I
Will’s cardiac issue had inevitably slowed down his physical and motion development. He, simply, didn’t have enough breath to start exploring like other kids, like his own sister, did. He didn’t manage to eat as much as she did, so he had been much smaller until he could undergo surgery and, after a few excruciating weeks at the hospital, got out with a fixed heart and started catching up with his sister.
He takes the cloth while chuckling, pleasantly surprised and so pumped with endorphins that nothing could ruin his good mood now.
He doesn’t say anything now though. The palm of his hand will soon remind Dean’s ass of how an obedient sub should reply to his Dom’s questions.
“That sounds fucking hard,” he forces himself to reply, because they are having a serious conversation which might actually lead to them getting together, so his dick and his ass can fuck off or, well, wait for their fucking turn.
The studio has been thriving in the last couple of years, with an uninterrupted stream of musicians who get there through word of mouth when they want a place to record their tracks with a talented, bright, easy-going and capable owner who knows his shit and isn’t afraid to make suggestions to better their work without ever sounding entitled or overbearing.
The sudden change in stimulation seems to send Dean’s senses haywire and he cries out as he comes, so hard that some of his release ends on his chin.
He’s about to apologize when his boyfriend beats him to the punch. “Don’t worry, love. It’s leather. Much easier to clean.”
And thank you everyone who will read this in the future: please remember that no one is ever late to this party!
Dean notices the care is not only in the furnishing of the place, which is filled with nice little touches, but also in the service. On a dresser in front of the bed, he finds complementary cookies and flavored teas, not only the average ones but the exotic kinds too, such as mango and lychee green tea, and flavored honey. The whole thing makes the place appear even more domestic.
The relief on Dean’s beautiful face is immediate – Castiel would do well to stop thinking about how beautiful Dean is or he will never be clear-headed enough to make a conscious decision about this mess. Dean’s breath has slowed down, his eyes are shining with hope, and a small smile has bloomed and turned his face into a rendition of the sunrise.
“You are so good to me. So, so good” – kiss to the nape of Cas’s neck – “so obedient” – kiss to his shoulder blades – “so beautiful” – kiss to his spine – “so sexy” – kiss to the small of his back – “so charming” – kiss to his left cheek – “so irresistible” – kiss to his right cheek – “so perfect” – kiss to his hole.
His smile comes back, so wide his face actually hurts a bit, when he goes to the living room and takes in the scene in front of him.
, does that help Dean breathe better – and then needing a few additional seconds to manage to open the door helps him relax. Cas is nervous. Just as nervous as Dean is. That's a good sign, right? If screwing Dean's brains out was the only thing Cas wanted, he wouldn't be this nervous, right? This is a far cry from the intense man who’s been flirting with him at breakfast and in the garden these last few days. This is... a schoolboy with a crush, which, honestly, is not more and not less than how Dean himself is feeling right now.
Now, Dean wouldn’t be opposed to skip dinner and go straight for the sexy times if the circumstances were different. But he has a plan to see through, and he’s not gonna let his traitorous dick, which is already half hard, lead him astray.
Castiel’s not surprised. Honored and awed, but not surprised. It doesn’t mean he doesn’t want to know more. “How so?”
“-Yes, you did,” the boy protests, annoyed frown in place in response to having been called a liar when he might have actually remembered Dean’s words far more accurately than Dean thought he would. He really needs to check his tongue when the kids are around, dammit. A diversion is necessary.
The irony of the perfect timing for a thought like that doesn’t escape Dean when he opens the door on the driver’s side. Because, as predicted, there are no papers on the backseat of the Impala. Doesn’t mean the backseat is empty. It is, rather, quite occupied. By none other than future Mr. Winchester. Naked. Stroking himself. And circling his whole with his other hand.
He’s about to meet Dean for their breakfast date and he doesn’t want to make the same mistake as last time. Dean remains one of the hottest guys he’s ever met, and his body is attracted to him like it’s been attracted to few other men before. Relieving some sexual tension before meeting with him so he’s not too wound up is the strategically wise thing to do, Castiel tells himself.
“Don’t worry about it, Samandriel, accidents happen,” comes Cas’s reply, his words and voice a bit strained.
Castiel couldn’t stop a smile from spreading over his face thinking about the first time he ever felt sexual arousal. He didn’t realize for a long time that it was carnal desire the tingling sensation Castiel had felt when Dean, sarcastically commenting on the intensity of his look, had told him that he had “got laid” the last time someone had looked at him like that. Castiel wanted to be the one who got to lay Dean down and ravish him
Dean’s smile is almost as big as Jimmy’s, Dean’s sure of it. Hearing Jimmy say that is making him feel so damn relieved.
