"Evening, Lestrade," Mycroft said from inside the car, paper folded in his lap and fingers clutching the edges.
"How old?" Sherlock asked, hoping the doctor was senile. She had no interest in interacting with men, let alone virile ones.
He lay back in his bed and closed his eyes, hand moving up to touch the skin where John's fingers had earlier been. He wanted to be soft for John. Soft and warm.
"Oh, I've known that I wanted to get you out of your trousers since the day we touched," Sherlock said, laying back down and twining their fingers together.
John started back up, voice softer than it had been. "Wesley didn't have the money needed for the marriage, so he had to go across the sea to seek his fortune in lands unknown."
"Lights on in the middle of the night when no one was around and strange holes dug in the ground," she'd said with a huff. "I hope you boys can keep him busy."
Greg's jaw clenched and he swallowed hard. Fine. Fine, Sherlock would, as bloody always, get what he wanted. Bastard.
"That's it. That's the last time you meet a killer on your own. That thing you said, about me coming along, it's no longer up for discussion. You obviously need someone to save you from yourself."
John hushed him again and held him close. "You're a little worked up. You get that way sometimes, don't you?"
He turned his head on the pillow and then his entire body, willing the imagined man to crawl onto the bed behind him. He swore he could feel the dip in the mattress and the arm wrapped around his waist as he sucked on his tongue and settled in.
"You've brought cases, I take it," Sherlock said, pulling two mugs from the cupboard and filling the electric kettle.
John's mouth opened but nothing came out. Sherlock stood and started to put on his shoes and John found himself standing as well.
Sherlock looked around as if he might see John. "I could get you books. Not the boring texts Mike and that lot bring home, but good ones. I have connections at the morgue."
That caught Mycroft's attention and he cocked his head to the side. "Is that any way to talk to your superior? I would have thought the military had taught you better."
Jesus. Now John felt horrible. It was obvious that William was terribly in love with his wife. He knew that he should be the same, that he should love Mary, but it wasn't there. It had, in all bloody honesty, never been there. He'd simply let her lead. He gave up on looking for love and let her lead him down the isle by the ear. He wanted so badly for her to be right.
"Hardly," the man replied, quickly changing course and walking into the Chemist's, the bell above the door not sounding like a goodbye in the least .
"Why did you need whiskey to ask Lestrade for the name of the club?" Sherlock asked after they'd been walking in silence for a while.
"I'm gonna fuck you, right here," John said, adding a third finger and pumping them with growing speed, "right now."
John sighed and opened the crisps. "And now, you're here. Stuck with the rest of us poor fools. Don't worry, though, you're not the only one here who has to shoulder the blame."
When Sherlock came to the realization it was two weeks later. He wasn't sure why he kept going back to the coffee shop, ordering tea, as coffee had somehow stopped tasting good no matter where it was made, but he found himself here every night. He'd just entered the coffee shop and was waiting behind a rare patron when it hit him.
Sherlock trailed off as he opened his eyes to see the doctor. The man was compact and slightly tanned. His hair was golden and his eyes a dark blue that could have been mistaken for brown from across the room. There was nothing particularly exciting about him but Sherlock was enraptured nonetheless.
Being alone in a world full of happy couples was a bit like being at war; you had to give in, and start to like the taste of your own blood.
Sherlock got to the convention early the next morning, sitting uncomfortably and tearing the receipt from his coffee into smaller and smaller pieces. He didn't want to see Greg, not after he knew he'd been with his brother he past night, but he did want to see John. When John finally made his way in his shoulders were set and he was obviously agitated.
John nodded and led the way to the back room, gesturing to a seat and closing the door. When the man refused to sit John stood across from him, wishing suddenly that he'd stayed in bed a bit longer.
The body was hanging from a rope attached to a sturdy looking wooden beam. John watched as Sherlock walked right up to it and pulled out a small magnifying glass. He had to admit what an utterly handsome figure Sherlock cut, dark curls and dark coat. Almost intimidatingly handsome.
"Absolutely," Sherlock replied, tossing the cigarette to the pavement and snuffing it out with one heel of her stupidly expensive flats. "Just evening the scales," she added, before picking the bottle back up and starting off again.
Sherlock snorted and lay back on his bed. "Really, though. I'm in terrible need. Feel like I'm going insane."
John brushed Sherlock's hair from his brow and let his hand settle in the short curls at Sherlock's nape. His eyes were so focused that Sherlock felt as if he couldn't breathe.
He let himself be undressed, Sherlock's hands shaking as he got to his trousers, and then sat back on the bed to let Sherlock remove his shoes and sock and pull his trousers off. He chuckled at the fervor with which Sherlock tossed everything aside and pulled him up and into his lap.
"Sherlock," John said, staring intently at the man's back, it tensing as he huffed in a deep breath. "I don't care how you figured it out. I've been planning this party for ages, and-"
They sat next to each other without saying a word for the whole day. Sherlock watched somewhat impatiently as a slow trickle of readers came up to greet John. They were all women, most around middle age, and acted as if John were some handsome man they were secretly dating. They watched Sherlock out of the corner of their eye as he glared at them. It only occurred to sherlock later on that they might have thought him jealous.
"Thought your job did that," Sherlock replied, pulling a worn ball from his rucksack and chucking it for Merrick to chase.
"Really? He seemed rather friendly," John replied, reaching to the middle of the table for a napkin.
"Hi, I'm John," John said sarcastically, leaning in towards the camera and pressing the button he was sure would start the filming over. "Brilliant. Really smooth. She knows your bloody name. Christ, how does this thing work. Oh, ah, there it goes."
John shrugged and opened the lemonade. "I certainly hope so. If it wasn't, people might not come back."
The lift opened onto the upper parking complex and Greg frowned, realising that once Mycroft left he'd have to ride back down to the ground floor to catch a cab.
The local spot was packed with people and John thought he felt his hackles rise as he stepped into the long line.
The water sloshed around a bit as Sherlock turned over, and they ended up just listening to the other breathe for a while.
"I miss you and you're right here," Sherlock said. "I can't be in your arms enough, I just need more and it won't stop. It's the most frightening feeling, how much I love you."
Sherlock nodded and pressed his face back into John's neck, breathing roughly there instead of kissing.
I'm so glad you like the story. Your English is fine, better than passing. I've learned French and Spanish and have to let you know how incredible you're doing. Keep trying, keep learning new words and practicing, and if anyone gives you trouble let them know they can go to hell.
The boy, mid twenties when he passed she reckoned, had been standing there in the back garden for the past hour while she made dinner and ate. She'd watched him through the kitchen window and finally took pity.
John turned to see Sherlock leaning out the back window and staring at where the shovel hovered in the air. Said shovel dropped to the ground with a thump and John swallowed and watched as Sherlock ducked out of the window.
John passed her a tight wad of cash and she nodded to him as Sherlock climbed out. He was almost to the front of the met when Sherlock pulled him into an alleyway and pressed him against the wall, fingers going up to ghost over his lips.
They sat for a long few seconds before the waiter came and took their order. After he’d left, Jane sat back and smiled. Her mind was chanting one thing over and over again: She wants me. She wants me. She wants me.
The therapist that spoke with him at the hospital told him it would just take time to get used to it, it would take time to absorb it into his identity until it didn't stick out in his mind. Perhaps, he thought, he shouldn't have started a relationship this quickly after being discharged.
John didn't expect the other man's face to fall and then be schooled into disinterest. He also didn't expect the way it would make him feel; hollow, mistaken.
Sherlock took the napkin and kept it for himself, sighing deeply and picking at his food. John took measured bites, his appetite still not recovered completely from his time in hospital. His therapist seemed to think it was part of his PTSD, but he'd convinced himself it was nothing more than a bad habit stemming from too much of the same food.
Sherlock huffed and pulled him unceremoniously into an unused room. There were tables stacked along the far wall and pipes piled to their left, the room looming as the fluorescent lights above them ticked and turned on. Sherlock closed the door and they stood there, single step between them, until Sherlock cracked.
"We should go back in," John said scratching his forehead where it was being tickled but not moving away.
Mycroft looked down into his hands and explained. "Because you were right. You were always right. I didn't open up to you. I kept things from you. I didn't...I couldn't admit how I truly felt."
They'd caught Doc and Sally had been kind enough to give her a black eye whilst taking her down, accident, possibly, and John had been brought directly into surgery while they spoke with the local police. Lestrade joined them as quickly as he could, and then there was nothing to do but drive home.
"Give me a case!" the man growled. "It's been a week since the Peter's murder and I'm bored out of my bloody skull!"
Greg said something to the group and a cheer went up, but John wasn't paying attention. He rang off and walked with his luggage to the kerb, finding a cab and paying the woman extra to not take her bloody time.
Sherlock drank his tea and continued to listen to the story of Buttercup and her misfortune. He didn't complain when Buttercup was set to marry a prince she didn't love because he was trying to pretend he wasn't interested in that part of the story, but he did let out a small sad sound when Buttercup was kidnapped. John misunderstood.
John grunted and continued on. He was happy that they'd promised not to talk about marriage, because after that show he wouldn't be able to be anything but honest with the man. William would sit in horror as John explained that he'd come to the camp knowing it would end in divorce, that he wasn't even trying.
He missed the way that affected Sherlock, the way he now stood a bit taller, the way the anger took away that bit of shyness he'd seen. When he turned back around, the younger man was very nearly looming over him.
"I was focused on...other things," Sherlock said, adjusting the collar of his newly bought, off the rack, checked shirt.
"Second, no shit talking. You don't get to call me names or make fun of me, and in exchange, I won't mention that the major issue in our 'marriage' is your uninterested cock," Sally added.
"She sold it to me when she knew she was going to pass away," Sherlock said, going to open a window. "It's mine now. You didn't inherit anything to do with it."
He knew Mycroft wouldn't abide it. He wasn't used to having to look after more than himself, and often did that poorly. Now, for instance, he was running on nothing but tea. The fast, even if not in name, was exactly that. The difference was that his fasts happened to be praise to something other than the Holy Father. It was much more praise to the scientific mother, the inner workings of his mind and the precise nature of his work seeming only to fuel his intent.
"Hard day?" the barman asked, cleaning the already pristine bit of counter in front of Sherlock and grinning stupidly.
After breakfast Sally had pulled Sherlock into the maintenance room and was explaining it all while the rest of the group went to shower and get ready for the day.
Here's our last chapter, folks. Loved having you along for the ride and hope to see you at the next one!
Jane agreed to tea, as she never found herself in the mood to do otherwise, and was about to say something scathing when Sherlock rose again with that almost musical grace. She was beautiful, and Jane was enamored, like it or not.
"I think I will," John said, letting go of Sherlock's waist so the man could stand and remove his trousers.
Mycroft bit the inside of his cheek and looked at the floor guiltily before squeaking aloud at being pulled into Greg's lap. Greg rubbed up his thighs, fingers scratching at expensive wool, and reached round to pull him forward by his arse.
"How often do you find yourself like that, John?" William asked, voice so serious it made John feel a bit sick.
"Which is why that Lestrade fellow was here tonight," John said, sipping his water and narrowing his eyes, and then cocking his head to the right. "Except...why was he there?"
"Christ, you feel good," John said, gripping Sherlock's hips and pushing up into him, his cock begging for more pressure and friction.
SURPRISE! I totally forgot that I promised wall sex. A pine tree covered in faerie lights will stand in for the wall.
"Not for long," John said bitterly. "Once I'm done with physio I'll have to move again. Can barely afford the rent as it is."
When they finally drew apart Greg was grinning and pushing him playfully. "You arsehole! You utter arsehole! You loved me all along and you let me think I was alone in it!"
John breathed slowly to try to tamp down the excitement roiling through him at the thought. Christ, could this really be happening?
"Dinner," Jane replied, standing and walking out of the loo. "You've got to have some takeout menus around here."
The second he was out of the shower and clothed in his favorite pyjamas, he sat down to write. While he recounted his day, his leg shook, heel thumping the floor. 'Oh,' he thought, 'John will really like this one.'
There were whispers as Sherlock and John made their way into the convention center but they were so wrapped up in each other that they didn't notice them. What they did notice was the surprising smile on Greg's face when he walked in.
"I have no intention of ever giving you a reason to leave me again," Mycroft explained. "You're the only person who keeps my interest and I've been...incredibly unhappy without you. As far as I can see there are no drawbacks to cohabitation."
He walked in at half nine and was pleased to see he was the only one there. There was no one at the counter so he rang the bell several times, expecting the mousy girl who had an internship in the morgue to come bustling out of the back with a blush and an apology.
"That was extremely well executed," Mycroft said, pressing the 'close door' button so they'd have the lift to themselves.
"Mind his own business?" Sherlock ventured, sitting and going about trimming each of the four small photos from the extra paper.
"Mmm. Theoretically fired for theft of a body part, theoretically charged with illegal disposal of said body part."
Sherlock groaned and reached over to scratch what he could reach of Merrick. "Must you be so educatory?"
John glanced to the door once more to make sure it was latched properly and then leaned in to kiss Sherlock. "Tell me what you need."
Next door John sat up straight in bed, awoken from sleep by the sentence uttered next door in just enough time to hear the moan. His body reacted before he had a chance and he found himself growing hard.
Who did you base them on? Are you one of them, the doctor, perhaps? Is the other character your ideal mate, someone you wish existed, or is it someone you already know? Does it mirror your partner?
I'm sure this will come as a shock to you, but I beg you to think everything over before you make a decision. If you want to know the truth, I will tell it to you. If you're content writing to the person that I am, content to hear about my life and have no interest in secrets, then please, please write again.
They were just about finished with breakfast, both of them feeling prematurely that they were starting a new life, when Sherlock perked up. His focus turned intent and John could've sworn he'd seen the same look on Merrick when the random bird landed in a tree nearby.
Men never liked her countenance, wanting her to be softer around the edges, not so bloody masculine. The ones she had dated, before giving that up completely, needed to be comfortable enough in their masculinity to appreciate a woman with war stories and a lack of housekeeping skills. Unfortunately, those men tended to be army themselves, and took the whole 'be a man' thing a bit too seriously.
"No. Stay where you are. Order the first few rounds on me. I'll be home in ten, and we'll make it," John interrupted.
John kissed his cheek and let him rest against the wall as he removed his gloves and brought over a wet cloth. "Perfect. That's it."
Sherlock leaned in and let his chin rest on John's shoulder as they fell into grunts and sighs and rutted like animals, Sherlock's cock rubbing slickly between their bodies with every thrust. He was the first to go, twitching and releasing and clamping down on John's prick until he'd wrung the man dry; a slobbering dripping mess and so very bloody thankful for it.
"Yes, mostly fanfic. Fem superheroes and-" she started, cutting herself off at the look on Sherlock's face. "Did you not mean fic?"
Greg nodded and motioned for the two to follow him down the hall a bit. When they were far enough away he relaxed.
Sherlock chuckled as John looked up; he was glowing, like he hadn't eaten in days. He looked like a child on Christmas.
Greg cleared his throat and swallowed, preparing himself for rejection. "Would you...would you like to spend the night?"
John tucked the letter into his breast pocket and jogged ahead, a bit more ready for what the day had to offer than he was earlier.
He loved chemistry. Loved how every process had its own way, loved how it picked apart transformation and explained it. He loved that he could predict the outcome of an experiment and feel all-knowing in doing so. He loved how much he had yet to learn.
The first role he assumed was a mere bit of stolen valor. Pretending to be an ex-soldier was hardly illegal, he thought, though he knew the act was frowned upon. The chat group he infiltrated was set up by John's therapist for his fellow soldiers. John had, of course, obvious, refused to take part. The fact that he knew John, and a bit of sweet talk, got him the information he needed.
It was difficult enough going back to school at thirty-six, let alone the fact that the vast majority of the younger students had soul mates and her mother was still trying to beg her off on some poor sod stuck in the same situation, but doing so with a psychosomatic limp and a shoulder that always grew stiff in the cold was a bit much.
"I've just been phoned by Lestrade," John said, hands slipping into his pockets. "I'm going for a pint in a bit. Do you have plans?"
"I honestly can't see a world where something as simple and harmless as loving a man could be the wrong thing. I just...I've killed and I've nearly died and those things are sharp and demanding and this is so...simple. There's no effort in loving you, it just happens," John replied, voice rough with all the things he'd been fighting himself over. "I can live my whole life denying who I am, or I can try to be the best form of myself. Im tired of fighting."
John swallowed hard, wondering if it was all too much, and managed to hobble his way up to the second landing. "You don't mind the flowers, do you?" he tried.
And there, sitting next to the fireplace with a glass of bourbon in one hand and his bloody pocket watch in the other, was Mycroft Holmes.
Sherlock sat up, the papers on his lap falling to the floor in a flurry. "What on earth do you mean by-"
John rolled his trouser legs up and tiptoed in. The water wasn't as cold as he'd feared, and Sherlock was right. Just steps from dry earth the water was teeming with life. He watched as Sherlock ran the stick slowly through the reeds and tadpoles and insects alike moved around it.
Sally was the first to snap, as was usually the case, calling Sherlock delusional and storming off. He'd only just got the rest back together when Sherlock insisted on leaving without giving them anything. He simply turned, looked Lestrade up and down, and said he needed to speak with John.
Sherlock walked right to the far wall and started running his fingers over the spines of the books, not even stopping to pick one out or even to read the titles, as if he needed badly to touch them. He fluttered about, seemingly forgetting to be pushy about John lagging behind, and busied himself with pulling books out at random and sliding them back in.
He'd fallen in love with his best friend. His best male friend. Nothing had truly happened, the worst of it being hands held in the grass near his home. He could still smell Felix's skin, still remember touching his inner wrist and the pads of his fingers. Could imagine what it would have been like to kiss him there, crickets speaking up as the sun finally set and they lay there in the deepening dark, tasting his lips.
Jane sat for a second, not sure why it felt like a threat to her self image to say yes. She did need the money, and getting out of that terrible bedsit would be nice, but wasn’t this too much?
Sherlock stood and went to wrap his scarf around his neck, forgetting the weather outside. "Want to see some more?"
John drew back and ran his fingers into Sherlock's curls, looking him in the eye before pulling him over to press their lips together. Sherlock breathed deeply through his nose and hummed. They kissed for quite a while, enjoying the full body contact, before John drew back. Sherlock, whose eyes had fallen closed, followed his lips.
He closed his eyes and let himself be manhandled into position, and willed his body not to react badly.
John chewed his lip and seemed to think on it before hitting the flashing end button and turning the phone completely off. He shrugged at Sherlock's look of surprise. "Still not completely sure how to put it on silent."
"Surprisingly, yes. One and the same," Mycroft answered, handing Greg his glass and leaning back against the counter top.
Sherlock groaned and pulled off, moving to recapture John's mouth. John licked between his lips and sighed at the taste of him as Sherlock began thrusting his hips.
"I'll meet him in a public place," Sherlock replied. "He may try to run but he's not stupid enough to kill me in front of a crowd."
Sure, he didn't broadcast his sexual urges, or preferences, to the world, but that didn't mean he didn't have them. Most of the time he would quickly work one out during a shower, it being the surest way to relieve the pressure, but he did, very, very occasionally go out to meet a random bloke. Twice in the last year.
Sherlock shook his head and cleared his throat. "I just, I meant useful as a doctor. I'm sure you're, you're..."
Sherlock flushed and paid, scurrying to the back of the small shop and setting up his work. Which he would have started if he hadn't tasted the coffee. It was awful.
Her mobile dinged right as she was getting up to throw the evidence away, and she dropped back onto the edge of the bed with a sigh and read the text.
He pulled Sherlock to his chest and ran his hands into his hair. That always seemed to soothe him. Sherlock wrapped his arm around John's waist and breathed in against his neck, close as he was. He let out a low moan and John drew back.
Jane allowed herself to be led, if only to feel the warmth of the strange woman pressed at her side, and kept her mouth shut.
"It doesn't look haunted," Sherlock replied, refusing to look over his shoulder to meet the man's eyes.
He stamped out his cigarette on the windowsill and closed it carefully before turning out the light and slipping under the covers. He forced his eyes to close and worked on steadying his breathing. If the house was really haunted, the poltergeist would be happy to disturb the sleep of the first residents in years.
"How fitting," Sherlock said, smile stealing across his lips as he took John's sweaty hand in his and drew his conclusions.
Charlie initiated, leaning in and pressing a messy kiss to John's lips. They'd ended up rutting against each other, fully clothed, to a very satisfying end.
Greg pulled back and looked down at him. "Just admit that you wanted this, that this was why you came over! Any excuse to get into my flat."
"Bill's still active duty," John explained, standing at the entrance to his tube station, hands stuffed in his pockets and somehow hesitant to leave Sherlock.
"Practically sewn up. Fine, if that's what you call arresting the wrong suspect, I'll find my way out," Sherlock said. He turned as if to leave and gave Lestrade the precise amount of time it would take him to second guess himself.
"They remedied it the next day," Sherlock replied, arranging his hands carefully in his lap. "I spoke with the editor."
John felt the walls of the house pass through him and found himself standing at the kerb. Bloody hell. Bloody hell.
The other writers looked up and Sherlock moved them further away from the small crowd. John was clenching his fists and frowning and Sherlock wanted to kiss the frown away.
"I...have the newspaper clippings of your case at my flat. If you're interested," Sherlock said, leaning closer to John with that gorgeous smile of his.
Sherlock took a deep breath, and refused to hold anything back. John, and only John, had asked him months ago for his truth, so he would have it.
John huffed a laugh. "That's amazing! Thanks. And congrats, by the way. Had no clue you were that close to having another child."
"See you soon?" Sherlock said as they walked through the door. It wasn't really a question he needed to ask, as they would only be sitting across the room from each other, but he needed John to know he was going. It felt strange to leave his side.
"You really think reporting in London could be as exciting as Afghanistan?" she asked, watching as Sherlock scratched absently at her hand.
"Where are your pyjamas?" Sherlock asked, holding the duffle upside down and shaking as if they might just be hiding from her.
John chuckled mirthlessly, capping the bottle and setting it aside, and scooted closer. He pulled the blanket he'd brought up with him onto Sherlock's shoulders as well. "No, it's...it's fine."
The light in the closet turned on, a soft glow beneath the door, and Sherlock grinned to himself. This was going to be exciting.
John added a third finger and twisted his hand, stretching Sherlock and slipping in and out easily. "Alright, alright."
It was an unfortunate fact that Sherlock Holmes had a fantastic imagination. That imagination found its way into the shower with him that morning. He'd woken from a dream, a dream he couldn't even go over in his mind without moaning aloud. He'd quickly made his way to the en suite and chucked his sleeping clothes to the floor.
Sherlock went to wait from him in the bedroom, sitting nervously on the edge of the bed. When John finally came out his eyes were still tired and he went immediately to crawl back under the sheets.
"No," Lestrade replied. "We've just about got it sewn up. We don't need another pair of eyes at this point."
Sherlock didn't believe for a second that James had done anything wrong. Things had gone wrong, yes, for him and his men, but he wasn't incompetent. He was by the books. As Sherlock went through his files, the ones he could access without streaking too many laws, he had to admit the man was handsome. Handsome and serious and so very in control.
They made it to the kitchen in record time, going the back way and keeping their heads down as they passed staff left and right. Sherlock nicked himself an apron and hair net and nodded towards the back door to the kitchen. There was a brunette woman sitting on a chair just at the door, obviously keeping out the riffraff.
"You thought...did you say sweet?" Greg stammered, walking into the brisk air and forgetting why he was at first hesitant to do so.
"I don't think making tea in front of someone counts as a proper haunting...but it begs the question; what did you do with it?" Sherlock continued.
John stood and walked to the desk, leaving the towel to hang over the desk chair. He picked up the pencil sitting there and scrawled a note across the back of some papers.
John turned around slowly and looked Sherlock up and down. He honestly looked like a man about to throw a punch. "What did you say?"
Sherlock turned to see Derrick sitting at one of the tables, looking over some papers. He peeled the orange a bit and stuck a piece in his mouth before leaving the peel sitting on top of one of the bookshelves and walking over.
"Don't dash those hopes," John said, leaning close to look Sherlock in the eyes to his point across. "Anonymity might end up suiting us well."
"You've caught my attention, isn't that compliment enough?" Sherlock asked, looking completely certain it was.
The mirror became blurry and Sherlock felt a shot of excitement. He could see John, well a shadow of John. Peculiar, but an improvement. He read the next note through John's back.
Greg shrugged. "Well, considering Sherlock's not really IN, I'd say not. Similar, though. Sally isn't taking it well. I think she figures that if he's acting odd, we can't trust him."
"I think Doc likes him. She has the most interaction with him, and the way she watched him during supper was strange," Sally tried to explain.
I wish you were here too. I have a feeling you would be incredibly useful on cases. Beyond that, I have to admit, I simply wish you were here.
"As if I would use kisses to win favor," Sherlock said with mock outrage. "Mrs Hudson, you wound me."
That was where he happened to run across the good doctor. Lord knows, Sherlock Holmes; boy wonder, was never so as inclined to find himself inside a pub for anything other than work.
By the time that John had made it back up the stairs, needing a few horrifying minutes to be able to control his limbs again, Sherlock was laying on his side in bed with his arms wrapped around his knees. He looked so small, folded in on himself.
"It is much warmer in here," John said, hating the silence and feeling as if it was going to go on forever.
And so, yes, maybe it had become an obsession. John had only just made his way upstairs and Sherlock was already pulling his laptop out and opening the over-used tab. Just one chapter, he promised himself, just one chapter before bed.
Sherlock stretched and walked closer. "Often. Just figured a man of action like yourself might be up for a bit of exertion."
By the time he'd decided he was simply going to ask for the woman's number from Greg and do the whole business over the phone, the doorknob turned. He shot out of his seat. When he turned he felt the air knocked from his lungs and wished dearly that he wasn't such a coward.
"Now," Sherlock said, already pouring another, "the plan for the night is to get drunk enough to be honest, whilst still being able to remember it tomorrow."
"John," he mumbled, heart hammering and head swimming. It was like his eyes were playing a trick on him. His brain couldn't seem to agree that it was happening and he kept feeling as though John was on a movie screen instead of in front of him.
The left side of Greg's mouth pulled up at that. "Perhaps I'll order and then just eat off your plate."
John's new book was coming along well and the buzz surrounding his blog and the fact that it had been leaked (Greg really was a marketing genius, no matter how underhanded it might be.) that the new book would include a gay couple was upping his readership substantially. They were comfortable. They could also do with the extra income if they wanted to start any type of savings.
"Would I take your last name," Greg asked, ducking down to kiss the hollow of Mycroft's neck, "or would we hyphenate?"
"Yes, well, there happens to be a great deal of water falling from the sky at the moment," Sherlock replied snidely.
His mouth went dry the second he had the prescription in his hand. He'd never been interested in taking medication, and his family always seemed to discourage it. The idea of taking medication for a mental problem was so distasteful that he couldn't even form the words 'mental problem' in his head.
It was a dream. John recognised it straight away. The world was pulling tight at the corners and his feet barely moved as he walked.
"Not as such," Sherlock replied, her voice changing in volume as she banged around in what had to be her bedroom.
This time, when John touched his skin it felt so much like a lie. 'You want to be touching James,' he thought. 'You want to be healing him.'
"I didn't know what you wanted so I got-" Sherlock said, bursting in as John was just settling onto the bed. His eyes grew wide as he looked around the room. "What have you...why..."
Sherlock watched John look over the body and was surprised when his mind prompted him to smell the soft bit of skin that could be seen just above the man's collar. 'Smell it. Just...press your mouth there. To the shell of his ear, just behind it. The hollow of his neck.'
Sherlock blanked. He honest to God blanked. John paused when he stayed quiet and then turned when the silence was drawn out. Sherlock could feel his face heating up and cleared his throat twice.
It had been hours since John had left to gather his things, at least two. Sherlock had solved the case and was reading through DoctorJohn's newest story again when John stumbled through the door, one box in his arms and another at his heels.
Sherlock finally emerged from the shower, face grimaced in pain, wearing nothing but a low-slung towel around his waist. John's fingers twitched even as he took in the bruising.
Sherlock shrugged and wriggled his toes against the carpet. "He's not brilliant, no, but he's...I don't know, intricate? Can people be intricate? Like puzzles?"
The door was closed and John and Sherlock stood there just staring at each other. John licked his lips and Sherlock turned away, looking about the small room for where to stick his luggage.
"Here, here," John murmured, tightening his fist and working Sherlock's foreskin relentlessly as he offered his fingers to Sherlock's lips.
He'd taken the position after the end of his army career came in the form of a bullet. He'd lay in the sand looking up at the sky, feeling for all the world like he was going to die, and spoke to God for the first time in twenty some odd years.
Sherlock didn't say another word, pulling him back into the bedroom and shoving him down on the bed.
"What on earth were you doing?" Jane asked out of nowhere, pulling Sherlock up out of her seat and to the stairs.
Sherlock snorted and brought over a half-eaten box of digestives, tossing them down without ceremony and sitting across from Greg. "Of course I'm alright. I suppose this is where I ask why you would wonder such a thing."
He kissed back, hard, fingers clutching at John's arms as he was embraced. He let his arms wrap around John's waist and remove the pistol from its hiding place, dropping it on the small table by the door. John pulled back, out of breath, and looked to where it had been set.
He'd been flirting with John, he knew he had. At the end of the case? The suggestion of the battlefield? Yes. Flirting. Which meant, that John's reaction, to flirt back, should have been predicted. It was the fact that it wasn't something HE had predicted that had blindsided him. He was blindsided by his ability to be blindsided. Bloody hell.
John's eyebrows furrowed. "Sorry," he said, clearing his throat and trying again, "sorry, do I know you?"
John's hands slid up to Sherlock's waist, and then his rib cage. He thumbed over peaked nipples under Sherlock's shirt and the man bucked, leaning back and gripping the chair just next to John's head.
He also saw that the doctor hated his living situation. He'd seen into the man's office on the trip to X-ray, and the folded sleeping bag gave it away. That and the frequently used toothbrush stuck in with the pencils on his desk.
Sherlock nodded and walked past him, eyes on the floor. They hadn't talked since earlier that week and he was feeling a bit out of sorts. So many things can change in only a few days, especially things as fickle as the workings of the heart. When he was in front of the pantry he paused and looked over his shoulder. "Did you mean it? About tonight ?"
John licked his lips and angled his body more openly. Sherlock made note and promised himself he'd do anything he could to keep that up.
"I have a rub for your shoulder after the bath. Peppermint, I think. You'll like it," Sherlock said, finally turning off the taps and pulling two large fluffy towels and a shower cap from below the small sink.
"It wasn't a fist fight," Sherlock disagreed. "I was helping apprehend a suspect. A murder suspect."
YOU WILL SOON ENOUGH, Sherlock shot back. I'M AMENABLE TO DINNER. SEND ME THE TIME WHEN YOU HAVE IT FIGURED OUT.
"Wanted me to spy on you," John said, head lolling back and sweat beading on his brow. "For money, if you can believe that."
Sherlock’s mind was spinning like mad. Stringing together pieces of information so quickly that Sherlock honestly had no idea what sort of revelation he was about to have.
"Some things," Sherlock said, clearing his throat and starting again. "Some things need to be hidden. The world is..."
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," John said, hating himself all the more for his outburst. "Maybe...maybe tea would be good."
That was how he found himself at the campus coffee shop for the eleventh day in a row, a week before the end of the semester, frantically finishing a whole semester's worth of stupidly easy work. At least the coffee was good.
A strange way of putting it; too late. John looked down into his empty tea cup and licked his lips. Sherlock needed to find another way to entertain him. It was all going so well, and then-
The cab dropped him off in the pouring rain and he jogged to the front door. After shaking his greatcoat off he slipped inside, into the elevator, and quickly through the doors to the morgue. Molly was there, hair tied back with a bow, leaning over a corpse and humming to herself. He shook his hair out, knowing her eyes always stilled there for some reason, and cleared his throat.
All that went right to hell when their eyes locked. There was such fear in Sherlock's, such discomfort, that John fell right into doctor mode and tried to soothe his patient.
It sounded more like 'don't drive off a cliff', and that was alright. He wasn't going to, of course, he was going to drive straight to the hospital. He drove the whole way there with the windows down, the air on his face the only thing keeping him from screaming. The last time he'd seen John it was with Mary leaning over him and claiming her love over and over, in the back of the ambulance. John hadn't taken his eyes off Sherlock's.
"Would you like to be my mess?" John asked, hope leaking into his words just as it expanded in his chest.
On a side note, I received a comment a while back from a reader who was concerned that they might not speak English well enough. It was deleted before I could respond, so I'll respond here:
"It was a truly idiotic move. My brother is one of John Watson's readers," Mycroft said, filling the word with vitriol, "and has what he won't admit is a small crush on the man. Putting them together will encourage that crush and giving into sentiment is the last thing my brother needs at this point. He's fragile enough as it is."
Emotional short-sightedness was Sherlock's blind spot. He tended to see his frame of mind as solidly built and standing on reason. His surety did him in every time, although this time he'd known he would use again, just not why.
They walked down the stairs together until John had them pause in the entry way. "Oh, you forgot your scarf and gloves. It's bloody cold outside, love."
Oh, and didn't that send something curling low in Sherlock's belly? John thought he was interesting, was perhaps even interested IN Sherlock. Only...that couldn't be true.
Jane bristled at that and looked around, feeling as if perhaps she was on a hidden camera show. "Afghanistan," she replied, "but how did you-"
"Should've known you could move through walls," Sherlock said, pushing his wet fringe from his eyes and going back to hooking up the telly.
“You need excitement. You’re the type of person who needs a challenge. You haven’t been in a real relationship in a long time, going by the fact that your most expensive items are hand me downs from your older brother. Your brother, who just divorced his wife. It’s difficult to be optimistic in a world where you’ve been left behind. No soulmate, no partner, no income. I propose a solution.”
"I was going to wait until the end of the Gala," John explained, hands shaking a bit, "but there seems to be some misunderstanding."
It was small, having your picture taken by your significant other, and it wasn't even with a real camera, but it made something in Sherlock's chest grow and unfurl and he suddenly couldn't breathe.
John and Sherlock wandered off, barely even seeming to notice, and he sat back at his desk with a huff. He needed a drink.
He heard his father take the phone and walk from the room, closing a door behind him. "Congratulations," the man said, a smile evident in his voice. "That's what she meant to say. When do we get to meet your man?"
"Mrs Hudson," Sherlock said, unable to move from his spot, "I believe I told you I'd be busy this morning working on a case."
"Oh, god, don't tell me," John said, exasperated smile stealing across his lips. "You two were uni sweethearts, weren't you?"
Sherlock let his eyes open and John smiled softly to show him it was true. Sherlock took in a weak breath and nodded.
"Was wondering when you were going to say something," John replied, taking another swig and not turning.
"I can't stop consuming knowledge. It would be foolish to become complacent," Sherlock answered, letting his eyelids flutter closed as he inhaled between the pages of a worn book.
Greg rolled over and stretched. He'd had a bizarre dream about him and his sister living near a large pool when they were younger. Nothing really happened in the dream but the feeling that something had stuck with him. When he opened his eyes he was shocked from the thought.
Todd was a fixture in Sarah's life. She spent a noticeable amount of time at his flat and Mrs Hudson was convinced they were soon to be engaged. Sherlock wasn't quite sure if he could believe that hunch, as Mrs H lived for gossip of the romantic fashion, but it seemed a possibility. If he brought the letter to Sarah now, she would tell him not to write back...but...
A girl near the front kept her hand raised and the teacher called on her. Her story of changing tastes and strong scents had John first scratching the back of his head and then, after it all started to click into place, sitting with his mouth hanging open.
And he'd worried at being clever enough for her, charming enough. Now look at them both, scrabbling for purchase, barely hanging on and the other thinking stable ground alluded only them.
"You're handsome when you're frustrated," Mycroft said, relaxing back in his seat and continuing to smile.
John nodded and breathed deeply, feeling that he was on the knife's edge of something. "Why do you think that is?"
"Christ, you're perfect. Clever tongue of yours. You're right there, aren't you?" John knew it might be wicked to push the man over the edge right there in the entryway, but he didn't seem to want to slow down.
"Perfect, Christ, that's it," John murmured, pushing Sherlock's fringe off his sweating forehead. "Look at you. You're just a mess, aren't you? Hmm? All sticky. Such a mess. Perfect."
The group made their way to the pub down the street, singing loudly and substituting 'for he's a jolly good fellow' with the somewhat clumsy 'for they're some jolly good fellows'.
"You're impossible," he blurted, "and a bloody mess. Christ, what did you say to that guy's girlfriend?"
"The boy who jumped from the roof had just lost his mother and father in a car accident," she'd explained. "I wouldn't blame our ghost on the jump."
He seemed to always want to be touching Greg now and it was a refreshing development. Greg looked up and Mycroft was smiling at him. Smiling openly. It was so different from Mycroft's usually guarded face that it took a moment for Greg to figure out what was happening.
When you met your soulmate your biology changed. It was often something small, having to do with one of the five senses. Sometimes you would be overwhelmed by their voice. On rare occasions, people had been known to suddenly not need glasses.
"Now, hold on," John said, anger surging through him, "I'm not sure who the fuck you think you are, but you honestly need to mind your own bloody business."
John wasn't sure he'd ever seen someone regret so quickly, so obviously, what they'd just said. It was rather adorable how the man's face twisted. "Tobacco ash?"
"I've got condoms, and lube," John said. "I want whatever you want. I, um, I like it both ways. If you just want this, want my hand, that's-"
John actually did smile then, falling back onto his bed and letting his head settle so he could appraise Sherlock. "Welcome to hell, William; where the tea is locked away and you're meant to tell people your secrets."
And, oh, that caught Sherlock's attention. The word coming from John's lips was like an aphrodisiac, and he bit his lip hard as John slipped his mobile back into his suit pocket.
"Don't wreck it," she said, holding onto the keys for a moment before releasing them into Sherlock's palm.
"And your soulmate doesn't care? That you get yourself into dangerous situations?" Jane asked, really just trying to tease the woman. (Uncertainty brought a certain charm to Sherlock.)
Sherlock watched John stomp back into the room and tried to ignore the feeling of heat curling inside him at the sight. John was angry. John wore angry quite well.
"But last night," John pressed, taking Sherlock's prick in his free hand as he slid one finger inside him.
His fingers were electrified with pain as he clenched the water tap and pulled. Freezing water hit his skin and he rolled the pill onto his tongue and took a a few gulping mouthfuls of the night chilled water. The pipes groaned and complained away as Sherlock ran a hand into his damp curls and started to plan his day, the water finally warming.
“That was bloody rude,” she spat, sneering at the man who was now holding her bag and voice recorder.
He chuckled at it. "Yes, hello. What should we do today? I was thinking we could...watch one of those horrible movies you like."
"No, the other day when I interviewed the wife. She wasn't wearing it when I knocked on the door. It was on when she returned from the kitchen. I had assumed she had it off while cooking but...we have to turn around," Sherlock blurted, giving the driver a different address and grinning, suddenly back to full attention. "John, you're a gift."
"Don't go," Sherlock whimpered, not sure what on earth he was referring to, as his mind was a bit scattered at the moment.
How? Sherlock grunted in frustration and shifted in his seat, arsecheeks sticking to the worn material. How on earth had he never met the Director of Bart's hospital? He spent enough time there to consider it a second home, yet here he was, missing something this interesting in the workings.
John bit the inside of his cheek and was actually relieved when one of the security team stuck his head in the door and called him out into the hall. There was a tall man in a pristine three piece suit waiting for him.
John swallowed and reached for his water again, busying himself with it as though his entire being didn't hang on the next few words.
"I don't think I ever learned exactly how you know Sherlock. Sounds a bit more than left over neighbourly affection," John said, leaning against the cooktop.
John nodded towards the library where Sherlock was splayed out on the sofa dramatically, the sudden heat wave doing strange things to his hair and shrouding him in a haze of agitation. He frowned at Greg as he entered the room and threw an arm over his eyes.
“Oh,” came a nervous giggle, and the woman went on, “no, not like that. Silly me. Sorry, I mean, I’m from Saint Bart’s hospital, and we were looking over your resume, Dr Watson, and we think we have a place for you in the morgue.” When John didn’t reply, the woman clarified, “As staff, not clientele, I mean.”
Apparently Sherlock had been grunting or something more horrifying. He nodded quickly and pulled so John rolled onto his side. There was a bit of panic that came along with it, panic from wanting something so badly and not being able to name it.
"That's not a proposal," Mycroft added. "I just wanted to make it clear. It wouldn't be right to have you think anything less. I'm not interested in casual."
"Mycroft has put a surveillance unit on Sherlock the second he found out the case had been closed," Greg explained.
'Thought to affect one pair out of every one-hundred-thousand, the crescent mark is made when soulmates, formerly unmatched, meet after one has nearly died. The near death experience is thought to be what causes the match to take hold so quickly. These soulmates will feel a more intense pull than other matches, and may even become adversarial at first. Nevertheless, the bond will strengthen, and the match will be harmonious.'
"Oh, God, that arsehole is your brother?" John squeaked. "He's been on me for the last month and a half. I hate him...I mean, well, he's-"
"Because we were both grumpy bastards and you were an utter prick to me," John teased, gripping Sherlock's hips.
Sherlock swallowed and looked to the floor, shaking like a leaf where he stood. There was a rap at the door and both men jumped, Sherlock quickly unlocking it and standing back.
"Oh, right," Sherlock said, looking as if he was just remembering right then. "Remind me to apologise for that at some point."
He hit send and only had to wait a few moments before he got his reply. He made a mental note to ask Anonymous if he would mind downloading some sort of messaging app.
The pain was everywhere. He was surrounded by flames, waist deep in burning sand. He smelled sulfur and heard them crying out, crying out for-
The room burst into applause when they made it through the door. The small pub was packed with people, all of them well on their way to inebriation, and all joyous.
"But...wait, the stories in your books are..." John began, his brain clunking along after the uptake.
Sherlock sighed, slamming the kettle onto its charger, and turned. "Your incredibly handsome ex-flatmate. The man you're still in love with, the one you're writing about now. Major Sholto."
"The fair maiden gets rough around the edges when she doesn't eat enough," Sherlock said, pressing both bags into John's hands.
“Is that why you told me not to come? I didn’t see the text until I was almost there,” Jane replied.
John's smile fell and he sighed, leaning against the wall with his jacket under his arm. This man was argumentative but he was right about that. "It was Greg Lestrade's idea. I thought it was stupid but he said it would bring in more readers. It's a prop stethoscope I'm as wearing in the photo."
Sherlock did his best to frighten her away with a penetrating death stare, but she didn't seem to notice.
The revelation came later that evening. John was exhausted-understandably so, when had Sherlock not been exhausted after a meeting with his brother-and had fallen asleep in his chair with his fingers on the keys of his laptop.
"I didn't want her to die. I've no one to take care of things now. There are all these...things that need doing, and-" Sherlock said.
And with that he spilled into the condom and collapsed. Sherlock hummed in agreement and let his mind wander as John pulled out and cleaned them both up a bit.
"I'd forgot for a second you were a doctor," Sherlock mumbled, eyes closed as he tried to not let John's nimble fingers wake his cock.
Sherlock sat up at that and cocked his head to the side. "He eats in the cafeteria? You must be thinking of the wrong man. My John, I mean, I mean, the John I'm speaking of just now is-"
John laughed and gripped Sherlock's arse in both hands, eliciting a moan from the man as he squeezed hard. "Noted," he murmured, pushing his hips forward to prove his point.
'Sherlock Holmes definitely knows how to entertain a crowd. It was all I could do today not to intervene. He looked particularly handsome today and I couldn't-'
"I'm going to tell you exactly what's going to happen, yeah?" John said, pressing in and adding a second finger.
John chuckled and licked his lips, feeling ravenous for the hope in Sherlock's eyes. "I suppose it's the least I can do, being the disappointment I am."
"You forgot to fill the 'L' word with vitriol and sarcasm," Greg said, looking at Mycroft like he was smuggling explosives.
And that's the thing! You act as though I could ever want to speak to anyone else, when you're the only one I'm able to be honest with. You act as though anything about you could make me want to stop writing. You could be a dog that's learned to hold a biro in its mouth and I'd be shocked, good trick, that would be, but I wouldn't stop. Whatever you are, whoever you think I don't want, I need you. Don't think I've ever needed someone before.
They found a place to eat just off campus and Jane ordered a full English while Sherlock stuck with her insistence on a bagel. While they were waiting for the food, Jane tried to pick Sherlock apart a bit more. She was incredibly interested at that point, whether willing to admit it or not.
When John had been born, coming out slightly underweight but a man-in-the-making nonetheless, he'd cried. It was the only time he'd cried in the many years since childhood. It was all he hoped for.
John laughed and when the man simply gave him a serious look he explained. "Even more interesting a business card."
Sherlock remembered what had crossed her mind. She couldn’t exactly tell Jane that she suspected they were soulmates, because...because...well, because she wanted it to be true. It was one of those things made of gossamer that might fall apart if treated without care. Instead of answering she fiddled with her bag and tucked a curl behind her ear.
He looked at his face in the mirror a bit more, picking at imperfections and staring at his tongue, before doing as he was asked and getting back into his trousers and shirt from the night before.
Sherlock thought on it. They'd been getting a lot more cases due to the success of John's blog. Most were hardly worth reading the emails for but there were quite a few that were at least sevens.
He swallowed roughly. It all felt rather primary school now that he'd done it. He heard Sarah return home, the creak of the front door a dead giveaway, and pulled the whole of the project from the wall with a scrape of his hand, fingernails pulling at the wallpaper. Tacks flew everywhere and he twitched a bit as he went about stepping around them on his way to the front door.
John looked at Sherlock with a more calculating gaze and noticed how stilted his motions were. Sleep deprivation was just as bad as drunkenness. His faith in Sherlock dropped a bit and he wondered if he'd find that he was wrong about the dead man.
"Several times a week. I mostly come to people watch," Sherlock explained, leaning back in his chair and crossing his slim arms. "New Scotland Yard is just around the corner. The most interesting people come by."
There was the thump of the cane hitting the floor and a deep chuckle from John as he pulled away to look at it. Sherlock raised an eyebrow as best he could and tried to hide how incredibly turned on he was.
They didn't speak for the whole of the ride and John began to wonder again whether he'd ever see Sherlock after the conference.
Sherlock nodded once and pulled the laptop back onto his knees, bending over it and looking particularly insect-like as John watched him for a second more before leaving.
The elevator doors opened onto a short hallway, white but for one black light fixture and the silver handle of the door leading to the roof. John looked over at Sherlock with mischief in his eyes and Sherlock tried to remain superior and nodded in the direction of the door.
John took a long sip of lager and rolled his eyes. "Leave it. Speaking of dogs, how does Merrick know this Sherlock fellow?"
John felt himself flush and stuck his hands in his pockets. This was not at all what he was hoping would happen. He took a deep breath and peeled the paper towel off Sherlock's neck and stood up a bit straighter.
John seemed relaxed, even as his mind screamed at him to just delete the blog and move to a cabin in the woods where no one could find him. This was the kind of exposure that would have triggered him and he realised just then that the only thing that stopped that was seeing Sherlock fall apart. He switched into Doctor mode and couldn't manage to focus on anything but his perceived patient.
"Darren seems to think he saw a ghost," Sherlock said, bent over a school book and writing out formulas while attempting not to fall asleep standing up.
"Must you spoil all my fun?" John asked, walking the rest of the way to the edge of the water and laying out the blanket.
It was a depressing thought, because Sherlock was that person. He was the only person John considered a friend, and they'd only just met. It made John feel like a bit of a failure. But honestly, what was he meant to do? Get a backup friend?
He knew that what he wanted to do was reintroduce himself. He was painfully aware that his first impression hadn't been the best. She hadn't called back, yeah? But she'd WRITTEN back! That meant that somehow, who he was, even without his looks (which he was confident in, for good reason) she liked him.
"Yes, well, I suppose we can hold off on complete condemnation for now," Sherlock said, unfolding and towering above John, holding a hand out.
"If I were ever to attempt such lunacy, it would be in your company," Mycroft conceded, lifting his hand to his driver and nodding as the car drove off.
"Just back from service, I see. Tell me," the woman said, coming closer and squeaking along the way due to her boots, "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
"John," was all Sherlock seemed able to say, the name coming out warbled and weak, breathy and full of emotion.
"She has a notebook," Sally explained. "Has a complete list of clients and staff, and how often they have interacted. I was going to try to nick it last night, after realising what it was, but she sleeps with the thing under her pillow."
Mycroft had been in relationships before, he wasn't a virgin in bed or in love, but it had been long enough that he was out of sorts with any form of courtship. The only thing he was sure of was that he wouldn't make a move until Greg was divorced. His contacts at the Yard told him that wouldn't be far off. The woman was in Barbados with her tennis student. It was less cliché than the usual, he would give her that. Either way, things were soon to snap.
In all honesty, she was completely content being an old maid at such a young age. She had an incredible amount of baggage, what with her alcoholic father and time in war, and she was really too exhausted to explain herself to someone new.
Sherlock closed the webpage on Dr Watson when Mrs H fluttered behind him to his room. She reemerged with his blue dressing gown, a pair of pants, and socks. Sherlock took them when handed and pulled the dressing gown around himself.
"I'll sleep on the..." he started, looking around the small room at the cheap red and white hearts and streamers covering it, "well, sofa, I suppose."
"I didn't," Sherlock said, pulling a keycard from his pocket and sticking it into the door next to John's.
“Quiet, Sherlock.” Mycroft interrupted. “You misinterpret my interest. I was just taking a trip down memory lane, and-“
"You shouldn't be talking about sex in class," John said, sitting back down in his chair and running a hand though his hair.
Sherlock mumbled something in passing and John and the woman watched him go through the front window.
Sherlock opened a large drawer and rifled through it, coming out with a nondescript glass jar and handing it over. Jane held it up to the light. It was filled with an opaque gel of some sort.
"Would you be interested in becoming my significant other? Boyfriend, partner, better half?" he asked, sitting with his head resting on John's shoulder and both arms wrapped around him. (Something the cabbie was currently frowning at.)
He set up a bruising rhythm, desperate to tear Sherlock to pieces and make him come as quickly as possible. He wanted to wring him dry and crawl into bed with him and hold him. God, how he wanted to hold him.
"I'm not coming to work for you," Sherlock replied, sick of going over it again, "and the sooner you understand that, the better."
Sherlock sighed and crossed his arms. "You really think it's a good idea to be picking someone off the street for sex? You know you could pull at any local pub, don't you, doctor?"
The voice spoke with such softness, such frank apology and need for understanding, that John knew Sherlock had recognised his voice.
"She really is a terrible counselor. People have to build up a great deal of trust to share things like that. The people here are on the complete opposite end of the spectrum. The last thing they have is trust," Sherlock replied.
"I know. Has the therapist prescribed anything to help you sleep?" Greg asked, letting his hands fall to his sides.
Sherlock opened his mouth slightly and let John's fingers drag across his tongue. How, how on earth could he explain to the man that he already did? That he liked him very much. And, god, how would it be received?
"You're handsome," Sherlock blurted, turning John's face from worry to amusement. "No, don't laugh at me. I hadn't expected...hadn't expected to see you. And, and even then, hadn't expected that you would be..."
Greg finally did smile as he saw Sherlock's eyebrows draw together comically as something occurred to him. He couldn't help himself from asking. "What did he say about your cases?"
At lunch, to stop himself from calling Sherlock to see how he was doing, John logged on and checked his comment section. His story had been up for a while and there were the usual comments, the ones that kept him posting, and then one he hadn't expected. ANONYMOUS. And surely it wasn't his Anonymous, not the one he talked to, because he had stopped posting comments once they'd picked up correspondence through email.
"I find most fun to be sinful," Sherlock replied, sitting and taking the bottle of water out to pour some into the two glasses Mrs H had packed them.
'If I'm meant to pay him for today as well,' he thought a bit bitterly, 'I'd better at least get a handjob."
He tried to tamp down on it, not wanting to seem mad, and went to find milk in the industrial sized freezer. He could hear William moving behind him, now that they were inside he was less than stealthy, and kept looking into the fridge long after the milk was in his hand. He could feel his heart beating, could taste the excitement, and all over a cup of tea.
Soon enough he was sat with a large plate of food, eating ravenously and John was across from him sipping his tea. They were startled out of their calm by the vicarage phone ringing loudly from the hallway. John hopped up and went to answer it.
Sherlock woke up in the middle of the night to find himself completely wrapped in John's arms. He breathed in and nuzzled against his neck before he realized what he was doing. God, it felt fantastic. John stirred at that and pulled him even closer, fingers moving through his hair.
John let his head fall to the side and really thought about it. So many words spun through his mind; loving, funny, pushy, warm, safe, safe, safe...
Mycroft leaned in to whisper against Greg's ear, glad for the darkness of the room. "I want your mouth, Gregory."
John walked up behind him and took two handfuls of his bum, resting his face against Sherlock's back and humming happily.
Sherlock looked at him, taken by sheer confusion, and let out a deep breath. "Oh, you're still here."
"I was thinking about our arrangement," he said, catching Sherlock off guard. "I'll need you for dinner once a week, or more if a work function comes up. I expect you to dress as well as you do now, but don't see you as disagreeing on that regard. You'll get as many suits as you like, within reason, and two new pairs of shoes. Medical equipment always comes to me at cost, and you seem to be interested in that, so let me know what you need and I'll take care of it. One holiday a year, out of country. I'll need you on holidays, unless otherwise specified. We'll draw up an agreement when it comes to your allowance, but I'm sure I can make you quite a handsome offer."
"Oh, hold on, now," Anderson huffed. "We cleared eighty percent of our cases without you, last month!"
He shook the thought off and went to his chair to find out who on earth was writing her from...where was it...Afghanistan. Christ. He almost expected to find sand in the creases of the envelope.
She nodded and handed it over, squeezed his arm, and left the flat with a bounce in her step. Sherlock rolled his eyes and went to sit in his chair, turning the envelope over in his hands. It had been opened and re-sealed with a thick tape. He pulled his pocket knife from where it was hidden below the chair and opened it carefully. Inside was a single piece of paper and, surprisingly, a memory stick.
"You've got to work with some of my team, you know," Lestrade said. "Don't make me get your brother involved."
"If you're going to act like a child," and that was where John couldn't stop himself, "I'm going to treat you like one."
It was a stupid dance they did, and John was just about done with it, thank you very damn much. Sherlock tried to seem indifferent and John did the same, then Sherlock played off John's feigned indifference and grew more standoffish and John had to try to do the same. He failed, of course, always had done with Sherlock, and the man took it as some sort of insult. He acted as though John was trying to lull him into a sense of safety, when John really just wanted him to feel safe.
And with that strange admission Mycroft was gone and Greg was alone again, the frown he wore coloured blue by the lit screen of the telly.
John texted Greg when he got to the Fox and Hound, and asked him if he wanted to meet up for a pint. In truth, they weren't friends, but John didn't want to drink alone and Greg was the only person in his phone besides his sister and Sherlock. Hell, he didn't have any friends. That was sort of his way, he supposed, only letting himself be open with one person at a time.
"Because you always do! You say something patronising and people react badly to it. Did you say something about his books?" Greg asked with a sigh.
"Oh. Oh, no, it's just a hard time of year for me," John said, looking down and away and gripping his thigh.
That voice. Christ, his curls were tamed now and his suit actually fit him and he was bloody gorgeous. John found himself unable to move for a second. When he did get his faculties back, he pulled the mobile from his jacket and held it out.
"Everything's good," John said, licking his lips in a wholly different manner and looking carefully at the faded paper.
Sherlock whimpered when John pulled his fingers out, arsehole clenching around nothing, and John soothed him with his free hand before rolling on the condom and slicking up his aching prick with a generous amount of lube.
Sherlock giggled as if he was on an amusement park ride as John poured a small amount into their glasses. John handed Sherlock his and sat back with his own.
John chuckled to himself and went to get a towel from the loo for the madman's hair. When he walked back in Sherlock peered up at him and held his hand out, as if it was nothing, as if they'd been friends for years and John wasn't anything to cause a fuss over.
A look of surprise! Oh, she hadn't realised that Sherlock would look her up! Perfect, score 1/0. (It had taken less than five minutes to find out everything that her presence couldn't tell Sherlock about Jane, hence her late arrival.)
Our local lovebirds are at it again! An anonymous source has told us that they can barely keep their hands off each other. They may have been telling readers that no amorous connection exists, but behind closed doors, and in front of fellow writers, things are heating up.
John carried on talking and came less than a minute later, letting out a final gust of air and sounding relieved. "Perfect. Prefect."
"And instead you have to sign books for uninterested readers," John replied, holding his hand out. "I'm John. John Watson."
John licked his lips and leaned in, his interest so piqued that he could hardly contain himself. "Although? Although what?"
"We have a house," Sherlock interrupted. "It's downtown, centrally located. It'll be easy enough to get our things moved in. Four bedrooms, three fireplaces. Used to be my aunt's. I spent time there as a child, before she took ill. Mycroft can't have any objections to us taking up residence. I'm sure he'd be plenty relieved to have me out of the house."
The pen lay down on the paper and Sherlock crossed his arms. "Well, yes, I'm bad at small talk. Honestly, though, how long have you been silent? Mrs Hudson says you never even stick around long enough for her to start up a conversation."
He did three days later, inquiring about a relative that might live west of London. Mr Tollance affirmed his suspicion and Sherlock explained to him that the red clay outside the window and in the parlor could only have come from one place. Mr Tollance called the person, his nephew, and invited him to dinner on Sherlock's suggestion.
Jane took a deep breath when Sherlock finally let go of her and took a step back. She looked around the inside of the building nervously, feeling on razor's edge after an interaction so intense.
At the time, he'd been so horrifically nervous that the arousal that came with being that near was twisted and painful somehow. Once again, embarrassment. He was embarrassed that his body was reacting the way it was, that it was completely out of his control. All that just from a kiss. He'd felt foolish. He'd pretended to be fine, but it was sour in his stomach.
Jane snorted and took a seat at what had to be the kitchen table, the poor thing all but obscured by newspaper, books, and notes. “Shouldn’t.”
"Anyway," John said, not answering. "She just kind of, took over my life. I didn't really realise we were dating until it was too late."
John watched as Sherlock took out a small looking glass and inspected first a pair of earrings. The woman sat across from them and watched him intently.
The smile dropped immediately and he rolled his eyes, slumping in the chair before leaning forward to fiddle with the camera. Sherlock felt something light bubbling up inside his chest as John started to berate himself.
It took nearly a week, and the next chapter of John's story, for everything to blow up. The chapter, written late at night while John lay guilty in bed, was rather steamy. In it, the scientist and doctor had some long-awaited sex and lay in bed afterwards grinning and kissing. Sherlock read it and nearly lost his mind.
"I was busy today," John said, still kneeling perfectly, "and I didn't give you as much attention as you needed."
"Does it haunt you?" Sherlock asked, and then, "it haunts Mycroft. He has nightmares. One time I woke him and...and"
When William finally looked up at John his eyes were nearly clear in colour, and held nothing to tell John how he felt. He wasn't sure he would ever be able to breathe correctly again if William kept looking at him like that. He felt like a specimen, and it was uncomfortable and strangely arousing.
By the time they made it home, stopping at a small bistro to pick up food and phoning Anthea, or whatever her name was that week, to bring over Greg's belongings, they were both close to starving. Mycroft helped Greg out of his outerwear and knelt to unlace his shoes for him.
"He was locked in the boot of a car for hours, John. Hours. He thought he was going to die in there. I should have never-" Sherlock hissed, taking a step forward.
God, if he could return to that choice and do things differently. He would write back, yes, but as himself. A simple 'Sarah's long gone. Did you mention injuries?'. He wondered if that would have worked, if he could have pulled it off, because, yes, John did enjoy conversing with him, but surely he imagined breasts whilst doing so.
"Nothing's wrong! Why would anything be wrong? Nothing on earth is wrong, besides the incompetence of your staff and the stupidity of the local criminal class! Why would you suggest something like that? Why would you even suggest something was wrong?" Sherlock demanded, hands in his hair.
THE STAFF PAGE OF BART'S HOSPITAL'S WEBSITE. GOOD PICTURE, BY THE WAY. WAS THE BLACK AND WHITE YOUR IDEA? DOES ADD AN ARTISTIC TOUCH. SH
Sherlock watched him leave and stood facing the closed door for nearly a half hour trying to get his head together.
'I've managed to follow your directions fairly well, to my own surprise. After a few consecutive nights of sleep I'm back on my feet. I've been talking to someone as well. Not exactly something I'm proud of, but there it is. The funny thing is, we mostly talk about you.-'
John huffed out a laugh and pulled open a locked drawer to get some lube and a condom. "If I didn't know better, I would think you were using me for sex."
They ended up in a poorly lit Chinese restaurant, seated near the kitchen. The delivery door was open, and the winds were howling and thrashing things about. The sky outside was almost dark enough to be confused with dusk. Anyone else would have felt cheated with the venue, but Jane felt right at home in the thick of it.
Sherlock leaned in, kissing it gently, and John let his eyes fall closed. It was hard to swallow. It was hard to think.
Sherlock let his voice grow softer, and then stop all together, watching John carefully to make sure he wasn't roused. He reckoned he would have had John in a similar state much earlier if he'd brought along his violin, and wondered if John fell asleep to the telly or the radio at home.
"It's password-" he started, falling off when Sherlock simply smiled and started the thing up, getting in after two guesses. "That's really less impressive than you think," he added.
John cut him off with a kiss and Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed. "Mmm, I do. How do I look? Proper husband material? Happy marriage?"
"Jane...just Jane," Jane said, stumbling through it and taking Sherlock's hand. 'Not captain Watson anymore,' she thought.
"Ran into a friend of yours," he said, huffing and setting the first box down. "Had to buy these boxes twice. Should have charged him."
John conceded to seeing the army shrink, after the chaplain didn't manage to bring him any solace. He was a gruff man, which helped. John didn't know what he would have done if confronted by some gentle and open person who acted like he could emote around them. He would have probably kept his bloody mouth shut.
Sherlock stood and walked through the door into the back. He frowned at the dental assistant and sat in the chair he was directed to with a huff. The man rolled his eyes to the receptionist behind Sherlock's back and clipped a piece of paper around his neck for when they did their procedure.
John swallowed roughly and held onto Sherlock's hips as he settled down, bit by bit, until he was flush and John's prick was deep in him.
"Tell me what you see," Sherlock said, fingers hesitating as they pulled down one eyelid. John moved forward and looked where he was staring.
Jane laughed at that and shook her head as they walked through the door to find Sherlock mumbling to herself over a microscope, the chemical smell of the drain cleaner in the air. Jane went to sit next to her and crossed her arms.
"Oh, ma'am, I'm so lost!" Sherlock drawled as he pushed open the door to the roof with his shoulder, two paper bags in his hands. "You know us writers. Don't know how I even found my way out of the house today! I'm so very forgetful. Whatever will I do?"
"I touched your hand on purpose," Sherlock said, referring to the one time they'd almost held hands.
"Not at all. If you ask me, you prepare a bit too much. Children require flexibility," Sherlock answered. "Who said you were unprepared?"
Sherlock drew in a long breath and let it out slowly, his body relaxing as he did. John picked up one of his hands and kissed along his palm and fingertips. It only took one small suck, just the tip of Sherlock's thumb, for Sherlock to remember exactly what position they were in. He moaned and rolled his hips.
John felt as though he was insulting the man's taste in art then, and wasn't that peculiar? He couldn't bring himself to glance over, so he kept his eyes on the wall, forcing them to stay between the frames.
Sherlock's fingers were moving before he could even think, typing away what his mind had been spinning around for hours.
He couldn't bring himself to look at the last photo so he settled on the one right before it. Full sized, full colour, John Watson breathless. It did things to a man. He tried to hold the photo's gaze, tried not to look away, as the cab rounded on Baker Street. It was a sort of trial to not look away, (See how I'm not overwhelmed by you? See?) and one he was happy didn't last more than a few minutes.
"I'll have to see the room, the building," Sherlock said, taking the file to the sofa and starting to spread the photos out.
“Oh, for the love of…” Sherlock exclaimed, rubbing at his head where she had smacked him, and spinning to effortlessly drop into her work chair.
"Is someone sick?" John asked, noting to himself that it was wishful thinking if their first course of action was to ring the coroner.
"I went to school here," Sherlock replied, looking slightly pained. "I would say it was a mistake to leave, but now I've met you."
John slumped, seemingly pulled towards the ground by a large weight. "Yeah," he said, voice almost a sigh, "I get that."
"I only eat once a day," Sherlock said, and Jane believed it with how wiry she was. "We enjoyed many tea breaks, though."
"Lay back down, you need to conserve your energy," John said softly, walking with the tray of tea and biscuits to the coffee table. "Can't have you falling asleep before you find out his secret identity."
"That's because you took off around the corner and got yourself shot, bloody long legs of yours," John said, feeding Sherlock an ice chip.
Molly lit up and bounced on her toes, her mood the stark opposite of the gore on her hands. "John! So good to see you."
When he made it outside he found Sherlock standing at the opening to the bike path, like a beacon calling to him from across the empty road. He faltered for a moment before walking to him quickly.
Sherlock was only able to let out a low moan as his body relaxed and he realised he'd stained a perfectly good shirt.
Mike just smiled wider and gave him a once over. “Molly Hooper will eat you right up, John. Welcome home, mate.”
John could tell that it wasn't meant as an answer to his question, and simply stood there, waiting to find out what would come next. Just as his arm was starting to cramp, William reach forward and took the leaf back, placing it in his notebook and flattening it there.
"I'm divorced," John blurted, holding up his hand weakly to show the lack of ring. It was forward, yes, but he had to hope, no matter how cruel that was. "Counseling doesn't fix everything. How is...Sandy?"
"Am I...that is, have you attempted a relationship like this before?" Sherlock asked, and at John's thick swallow, he went on. "You're more comfortable with someone held at arm's length. You want someone who is interested in sex and the financial benefit of dating you, someone who won't look for much more."
The path that led past the line of cabins and into the woods held a set of bloody large footprints. The ground-cover had a thin layer of frost and the prints were clear to see as John followed them. He wondered how much longer they would be visible and looked over his shoulder to see the first of them, in the clearing in front of his door, starting to warp in the sunlight.
"Must have someone in the hotel," Greg replied, watching as Sherlock turned back to the front page to see the photo of them from the day before.
"He's a lost cause," Greg insisted. "What you should be doing is meeting the available women of the town. My secretary is a sweet one, you might-"
John knew that Mrs H and Sherlock talked everyday, but he'd always stayed at a distance, not wanting her gaze. It was strange to think of someone talking about him.
When John felt he could breathe a bit better he took the last few steps out of the woods and hovered at the edge of the meadow, tall grass soaking the legs of his trousers in dew.
Taking another person's emotions into account wasn't something Sherlock avoided, per se, but it was definitely not a skill of his. Here he was, though, considerate and confused.
"There's quite a bit of blood," Sherlock murmured, it seeped from between his fingers, hot and slick.
She scratched the palm of her right hand and hissed, looking down to find a rash there. She did have sensitive skin, though, so it didn't raise any immediate red flags. The red flags that were raised had been raised the second she met Jane. She knew something about the woman was important, but she couldn't put her finger on it.
"He's picky," Sally said, crossing her arms. "Take his order and I'll make it. If he complains again we'll know he's full of shit."
She flipped through the pages until she found it. The sketch was a mirror image of her hand, the words below it making her sway on her feet.
Having never believed it was possible meant he'd never thought over whether it was something he would want. He felt foolish. He hadn't thought it through. He was imagining picking out plates and eating breakfast late on Saturdays and the little play fights over the table and he hadn't even thought it through.
"I'm sorry for the misinformation. I suppose you've taken a new interest in God, then?" Mycroft pressed, knowing this would be the less acceptable accusation in Sherlock's mind.
Sherlock sighed happily and took his arm, spent, and satisfied, and newly proposed to. The best he'd ever felt. "Happy almost Christmas."
Hope you guys liked this one. Somehow it turned out shorter than I'd first assumed it would, but this is the end. Hope to see you on the next one.
She hadn’t recognised the man until he’d shown his face, and now she was wondering if calling off the backup had been such a good idea.
"Yes, well, if you feel like continuing to be a prick, you can speak to our lawyers. Goodbye, Randall."
"And how do you suppose you rebel?" John asked. He really did want to know. He wanted to know everything of the man, and that frightened him enough. Hungry, he admitted only to himself, for that knowledge. It was what he sought absolution for, each night while on his knees before his bed.
"You've nothing to fear from me," Mycroft said, taking a box from the seat across from them and passing it over, "I assure you."
"Did you know before I told you I loved you?" John asked, standing suddenly and taking a step towards Sherlock.
John sighed once more and typed out what he hoped seemed an honest apology. The arse bit had him raw around the edges, sure, but he suspected he deserved that.
"I'll just," Sherlock replied softly, opening his own bag and pulling out the awful blazer he'd bought. He immediately regretted looking so dumpy. John had a way to make a plain checked shirt look good.
He walked upstairs, past Mrs Hudson speaking on the phone in the hall, and to his chair, where he sat to look at his foot some more. And damn, if there wasn't a bit of blood. It was just a scrape, really, but a scrape with a rusty nail. He was about to google how likely he was to get tetanus when he had a better idea.
Mycroft hummed and rocked and leaned back to kiss him, something he'd promised he'd never do again after they broke up the second time but not the only thing he couldn't give up. He pressed his tongue between Greg's lips and let it lap against its partner, breathing roughly through his nose as he fucked into Greg's hand faster.
"Baddies?" John asked, wondering if his breath smelled of whiskey and wishing he'd done something about it.
John pulled the napkin from his collar and wiped his hands thoroughly before slipping his jacket back on. Sherlock reclined and watched him move to stand and drop a few bills on the table.
John had always been a bit off, though, in Jack's opinion. He was too soft, too eager to help others. He'd been given a set of army men for his ninth birthday and made small casts and bandages for them with paper tape and bits of cotton. When asked what he was doing he answered simply that he was helping the hurt soldiers. Jack had scowled at him. John hadn't known why.
It was strange, Jane thought, walking next to each other like that; close, as though they've always been that close. They strayed from each other in Tesco as Jane went for milk and Sherlock mumbled in front of the drain cleaners, and as Jane was walking back she had to stop. Sherlock really was beautiful, hunched over the shelf and looking at the expiration date on a bottle of something far back. Jane watched as she wrangled the bottle out, and couldn't help but look away when Sherlock caught her.
He heard John turn on the tap and went to stand in the doorway, situating himself to hide most of his nudity. He watched John's body move, curious, eyes settling on the scar on his shoulder. When John turned he found himself looking somewhere else entirely.
They'd dated for several months. John found his earlier hesitation melting away in Charlie's arms. It had broken his heart when Charlie took a job halfway across the country.
"Deductive reasoning. One of my techniques. In this case everything came down to the soil in the rug beneath the window. Interesting composition, and one that could only be found in a certain part of town. Once I knew that, it was only a matter of tobacco ash," Sherlock explained.
John noticed them starting to chat amiably, but for the tense brow of the woman, and the man next to him frowned.
Mycroft moaned and clutched at the arms of the chair, eyes falling closed again as Greg reached into his pants and pulled his cock out.
For Sherlock, playing heterosexual was like putting on an American accent; he'd never been close to capable of it in his whole bloody life. And this time it had to be for days, possibly weeks. It was...impossible.
John huffed out a laugh, back to his confident self, though the incident still lingered in the clenching of his right hand. "And brilliant. Don't get compliments often, I take it."
The word cane had turned Jane's stomach sourly, but she was so overwhelmed by amazement at the end that it didn't seem to matter. "That was..."
Greg finished whatever he'd been texting and strode back towards the lift, nodding to Mycroft as the man slipped into it beside him.
John laughed, and for the first time Sherlock could see it with his own eyes, as well as feel the warmth. He was beautiful when he laughed. Radiant. No wonder the lights always flickered.
Mike, however, understood something many others missed. He understood the joy that was basking in the brilliance of a mind like Sherlock’s. He was just as bad as Molly, he suspected, when it came to that. There was something almost electric about getting every drop of the gorgeous bastard’s attention. Besides, he could always get another prescription pad or autopsy report.
When Sherlock finally came home that night, after snagging some time in his favorite lab, John was sitting with a cold cup of tea at the kitchen table. He was staring at the sink in a way that made Sherlock decidedly uncomfortable.
Sherlock sat back on his desk and grinned. "Rightly put. But, if we're going to win arguments with adults we have to use fancy words. So, when someone ignores a woman's work, or expects her to do a lesser job, what shall we tell them?"
That was perhaps the worst part; that he knew Sherlock wanted him back but was still too much of a coward to take the leap. He'd felt the way Sherlock's heart had pounded when he reached into his jacket for his mobile. He should have kissed him there in the hallway, should have let his hand stay pressed against his chest, against the soft material that covered his skin. He should have torn Sherlock's coat and jacket off and pressed himself against the man. He should have-
"You hate people, but care so much about them. How can that be?" John asked, folding his hands behind his back as to not reach out and touch the other man.
The author was happy at the gift and suggested that he make his own profile and write more, and with all the time he still had in recovery, not to mention upcoming rehabilitation, he decided it wouldn't be the worst idea at all.
John couldn't help but gaze into William's eyes at that, his voice was tender, as if he was speaking low so that the forest wouldn't wake up.
"I won't put up with this mother-henning forever, you know," Sherlock said, licking a bit of mustard from his upper lip and pulling the crust from the bread.
Sherlock sat up in his seat. "Well, it seems to me that instead of talking amongst yourselves, you should involve Derrick in the conversation. The way he acts won't get him any friends. You can take this head on and help him adapt, or you can coddle him, like you do, and remain the beloved mother."
Greg laughed humorlessly and pulled at the hem of Mycroft's trousers. "Yeah, you knew that getting into this, sweetheart."
John nodded. It was, in fact, the best tea he'd ever tasted, or would be when it was a suitable temperature.
If, IF, he decided to write back to this army fellow, he would have to make it clear that Sarah wasn't interested. But, why would the man reply if she wasn't?
Sherlock did with some effort and John went rummaging through the icebox for a fresh ice pack. He didn't seem to notice the bag full of toes, which was fortunate, and Sherlock wondered again why he'd thought it such a brilliant idea to bring him straight home.
Sherlock finally built up enough courage, now that he had John on uneasy footing, to look the man in the eyes and take on his usual confident persona. "I believe we both want that. Besides, you proved to be quite useful tonight."
Sherlock pointed the way and John went to grab some tissues. When he got back to the kitchen, perfunctory cleaning managed, he found Sherlock arranging the flowers at the sink. He walked up behind the man and allowed himself the small act of kissing his shoulder.
I know that might all seem inconsequential to you, but it means I won't be able to write as often. It doesn't mean I won't want to. You've become a part of my life that I don't want to go away.
It drove John crazy thinking that something could go wrong and he wouldn't know until it was too late.
"You enjoy reading?" John asked, moving forward and holding his hands behind his back to stop himself from their want to touch the man.
Sherlock looked down at John, soft smile on his lips, and held his hand out. John was happy for the help, and was soon drying Sherlock and himself and heading back into the room. Sherlock stayed behind, watching John move the boxes from the bed and floor to an open chair. He was now fully awake, and remembering the talk over dinner. Nothing after it felt like business, and he was starting to wonder what John really wanted.
"You mean canoodling with the new vicar in the vicarage?" Mycroft asked, snide smile pulling at his lips.
"I just can't believe they want me here when no one is buying my books," John said with a grimace as he let the paper cup warm his hands.
A month later Sherlock was hovering outside John's hospital room, his location gleaned through a series of extremely rare requests of Mycroft. John was asleep but the nurses had told Sherlock that he could go in and wait for him to wake.
John was saying all of this while looking at his mobile, and it occurred to Sherlock that it might have been due to discomfort. He nudged John's knee and the man looked up, lips pursed.
There was a presence at her side and Jane was finally pulled from Sherlock's orbit long enough to fill out some basic paperwork, and thank the man for...well, she supposed, for showing up. The whole time she was doing so she could see Sherlock out of the corner of her eye. It shouldn't have been strange, but the woman stood there so perfectly still that the impression became that of stone. Marble. It made Jane uncomfortable.
"Suppresses the immune system," John said, leaning against the wall and crossing his arms, thoroughly charmed by the back and forth.
Sherlock nodded and continued to fuss until Jane had left. Christ, she was being so obvious, so needy. She had to slow things down a bit before she just went in for a bloody kiss...unless...unless she’d read it all wrong and Jane had simply meant to become her friend. Unless the mark on her hand was healing fine under the bandage, and wasn’t going to scar after all. Unless she’d made a fool of herself.
Sherlock tossed the paper bib aside and went to his knees in front of the doctor, fingers already working his belt buckle.
Sherlock hummed and realised he was starting to drool, the friction reducing as saliva pooled in his mouth and covered his chin.
There was only one man outside of Bill Murray that John spoke to. That man's name was James. Major James Sholto.
Sherlock chuckled and let his body go completely lax, enjoying the small kisses planted in his hair.
She didn’t have long to think on it, though, as Sherlock stepped back out and grabbed Jane’s hand when it was noticed that she wasn’t still nipping at her heels.
It was hard to breathe as John thought bitterly, 'There it is, all laid out. You wanted to know how I was doing? Hmm? You wanted to know who I am now? Well, there you bloody go. Hope you're happy.'
An hour later, pulling down the dirt road and stopping at the front office, a small shack with a hand painted welcome sign hanging from the door handle, they were back to bickering. This time, though, it was over things they agreed they could complain about. Made up things. It still felt good.
Mycroft smiled smugly and Greg caught his lips in an unexpected kiss. When he pulled back to slide to his knees at Mycroft's feet Mycroft looked down at him in surprise. Greg licked his lips and started on Mycroft's trousers, making it quite obvious what he intended to do.
John sat startled at their little dance. It hadn't occurred to him that they would know each other, but in a small town like theirs it was inevitable. It was touching to see how sweet Sherlock was being to her, though.
In a surprising turn of events, the main attraction of the Writer's Convention being held this month isn't a seasoned writer with an award winning novel. Instead it is the unexpected electricity between two of the lesser known writers. John Watson, writer of the Detective Miller novels, and Sherlock Holmes, writer of The Death Of Daniel Carson, have been spending their days running off to have romantic meals on the roof rather than meeting their fans.
"Well," John said, letting the word draw out, "I could come by tonight with a care package. If you'd like."
John and Sherlock walked to the front and joined Greg just as the lot broke into song. Greg pulled out two chairs and slapped Sherlock on the back.
"Thank you, Mr Holmes," John said turning back to the parents. "Now, let's see if we can get you an appointment with the counselor."
At first Sherlock wondered if she’d made the right choice by telling Jane not to come. Jane was, most probably, her soulmate and that changed things significantly. She hadn’t received a response after she’d texted Jane the last-minute warning, but she wasn’t sure that her mobile was even working after the thrashing it had taken in the scuffle. The screen was caked in mud, and had been kicked halfway across the parking garage by a man who definitely played footy with his mates on the weekend.
John paused, drink halfway to his lips, and looked Sherlock over. There was a great deal of tension in his shoulders. "Yeah," John said, nodding and standing up, "I guess we're doing this now."
(When she did drift back home, she was was rougher around the edges and no longer avoiding her father's fists.)
I found your story while looking for a real life version of it. I'm the mouthy nurse to your lonely doctor. I do in fact write, but only scientific papers. Fiction is brand new to me.
They stayed there, panting, for a few seconds before John carefully set the beaker back in its place, noting the half melted biro floating in it, and realised Sherlock had attempted to stir the concoction with it. Mad, absolutely-
"What do you want, Myc?" Greg asked, closing his eyes for a second before taking another pull of his beer.
"Oh, hello Molly," John replied, waking past Sherlock to the table she was working on. "Busy? I had some questions about the ventilation system."
"Yeah," John sighed, feeling flayed open, "not really. I, I mean, I tried. I tried, but, um, I guess I-"
"I hate tuna. You know I hate tuna," Sherlock answered, picking at his sleeve as if embarrassed to admit it.
"John put out his new book. You wouldn't believe how many women are interested in gay sex," Greg said. "My phone was ringing off the hook."
When Sherlock was silent, John shook his head and leaned over as if he was going to be sick, head between his knees.
John was sitting in class, diligently taking notes, when the subject was brought up. He'd thought it would be tackled as side note. It very much wasn't.
"Love is the great conquerer of lust," James replied. "I'm quite sure whoever he is deserves that love."
"I can't explain it any better," Sherlock said from beside her, leaning forward and poking one long finger repeatedly in the air.
"Oh, the body, no, I didn't know that," Sherlock explained, flapping his hand dismissively. "I'm talking about your usefulness. You could have stood your ground, the photo IS hardly enough to go on, but you miss this."
John nodded and went to pick out a book while Sherlock stripped down to his pants and pulled on his pyjamas. Even as his mind was screaming about how it wasn't right, about how John wasn't alive, he was musing to himself about the possibility of a ghost boyfriend.
Sherlock gestured to John and John thought he might throw up. "Dr. John Watson, formerly of the Northumberland Fusiliers."
Sherlock couldn't help the small sway of his hips, and soon found himself rushing forward to bury his face against John's neck. "You horrible man. Don't tell a soul."
John sat back as soon as Sherlock started to whimper, and straightened his suit. "I have some errands to run. Two questions. Favourite colour, and where can I drop you off?"
Sherlock looked up, eyes wide, and nodded, forgetting completely that John Watson was apparently not his soulmate.
"Works as a muscle rub as well," Sherlock said, confused as to why she wanted so badly to help the woman.
And, yeah, that wasn't a train of thought to go down, now was it? His brain started reminding him that the position he'd always convinced himself he'd come home to (respected surgeon with years of military experience) wasn't going to happen. At best, he'd end up being a GP. At worst, a GP. Christ. Christ. Maybe if he took out several loans he could find a specialty, a specialty that allowed for PTSD and a bloody limp.
"Shouldn't you, I don't know, tell someone?" John asked, looking over his shoulder as if the murderer himself might be listening.
Sherlock stood and went to put his jacket on. He looked around the room, mouth twisted up. "You're here, aren't you?"
"Sitting behind a table and facing the fact that everyone but me has put out a book last year? Yeah, not exactly my glass of tea. That and the fact that Valentine's is coming up," John said, eyes going slightly far off.
Sherlock groaned but followed John into the loo, getting his toiletries from his bag and brushing his teeth. It was simple domesticity, and it was wonderful. They bumped shoulders and grinned through the foam and John thought that it must have been what God wanted for him, to be this happy, this content. He couldn't think of a loving God who wouldn't believe in that.
Jane felt a blush move up her neck and prayed to god she wasn't so bloody obvious. When she joined Sherlock in the queue the woman bent to speak into her ear, humid breath prickling her skin.
"Relax, I'll go," Lestrade said, reaching into Sherlock's space to try to snatch the carefully printed index cards from his hands.
Fate showed mercy on them less than a month later. They were working on a cold case together at the vicarage when Greg showed up at the front door with what he thought was bad news.
John sighed fondly and went to the desk. "Actually, I have to write up the lesson plan for this week's after school work. I've got six bored teenagers coming in tomorrow and the next day."
"Alright, Sherlock. On the scale and then I'll get your temp," John said, turning to get the thermometer and blood pressure monitor.
He took the rest of the photos and brought them into his room, pulling a large rusted box from the back of his closet and opening the top. He swallowed down on the nostalgia the move caused and sat crosslegged in front of it, setting the photos aside for a moment.
Greg stopped walking and Mycroft turned to him, the light from a cafe across the street making his eyes appear incredibly pale. They stood looking at each other for a while, Greg really just blown away that Mycroft would ask such a thing, that he was interested in his happiness.
Twenty-seven hours later, with a bloody nose and a smile the size of London itself, Sherlock returned home.
The only person John could really name was Bill Murray. Yes, he missed Bill. They'd been fairly close, as friendships went with John. He'd never been very good at being a friend, always too worried about showing too much to someone, whether he admitted it to himself or not.
"No. Yes. Fine...thank you. I can't do dinner this Sunday. Well, I can't. Friday? Fine, if I have to. Yes, goodbye," Sherlock rang off with a sigh and lay back on the bed.
She spent a few minutes standing in front of the mirror looking at her face and trying to imagine Serrano things didn't happen. She looked, but she still didn't see herself.
Sherlock sat up straight just then and looked at John, eyebrows knit. "But, surely you've felt this before. With Mary-"
"The war happened. And then my injury. And...well, he was sent home just after that, but he'd moved to some place out in the bloody woods and wouldn't take my calls."
"Doesn't matter. Well, as long as my hypothesis is right," Sherlock replied, pushing the tea closer to John and watching him raptly.
John grinned and nodded, looking down at his feet for a second before stepping forward to surprise Sherlock with a quick kiss to one cheek. Sherlock couldn't help but stare as John walked away.
It was overwhelming, like the second one realises they've tripped, right before they begin to fall. Like knowing things have taken a sudden turn and not being able to change that.
“No worries, mate,” John interrupted. “No offense taken. Not sure if you’re gonna believe this, but I’m putting in for the position in the morgue.”
Mycroft washed his gloves off in the sink and dried them carefully before putting on his jacket and coat and hovering by the front door.
"When did you and your mother have a falling out?" Greg asked one week later as they lay in their bed reading after a long day of work.
“Not really. I had a hunch that the local palm readers were all run by the same people who have been getting guns through customs. The Romani mob, I guess you could say. I went win with a fake story and someone recognised me,” Sherlock explained.
"You really are something else," he murmured, lassitude threatening to direct him to the closest bed.
John crossed his arms and stared at the thin metal stick. He should have left, he should have walked downstairs and found a safe place to hide. Instead, he was stubborn.
John poked him in the shoulder and they shared a bizarre moment, foreheads almost touching, where something seemed to be pulling them towards each other. Sherlock's smile went sloppy and lopsided and John's breath sped up.
"Not in the least. It was refreshing to get my bag out again. It's been too long since I've sewn someone up," John admitted.
Now, as he sat there waiting for a response, wondering if one would come anytime soon, he was struck with how much he wanted a connection with Anonymous. It felt silly, how a little flattery had won him over, bowled him over even. Although, no one had approached him that way. Even when he was receiving flattery, it wasn't so poignant, so raw.
"John Watson," the detective said, finally entering after they'd been there for ten minutes. "How on earth does a decorated war veteran end up tangled up in this mess with Sherlock Holmes?"
"Oh," John said, wry smiling pulling at his thin lips, "I've always listened. I just find I'd rather not take her advice."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and shook his head, curls bouncing. "Didn't believe I'd actually get medical attention. He's under the assumption that I can't take care of myself."
After years in Afghanistan she had really missed the rain, but on days like that, where things had been more than wet for weeks on end, she felt a sort of nostalgia for the sun and sand. Nostalgia is tricky, though, because it always comes in that particular rosy shade that makes you forget all the shit parts of the past. She supposed that was why people never realised they were in the good old days while they were.
"I'll...see if I can make it," Sherlock replied, trying to keep some control. "If we were to meet, where would it be?"
The day passed painfully, Sherlock lost in his own mind mulling over his reaction to realising John had pretty much called him brilliant. He was so caught up in it that he didn't notice when things came to a stop and John left.
Mrs Hudson came in with the tea and food just then and went about starting a fire in the hearth. "Keep those shoes off my upholstery, Sherlock dear."
He felt it was good that people found him odd, sometimes off putting. It seemed easier to find nearly everyone around you an imbecile, as that stopped you from forming attachments. In an age where you could be arrested for having wants like his, attachments were dangerous.
Sherlock looked up, seemingly startled out of his contemplation. "Hmm? Oh, yes. Choices, must make important choices and play with my cock under the table. Big important choices."
"We're really doing this," he finally said, partly a question, as he took his drink and pressed it to his forehead.
"I'd rather be in London than anywhere else in the world. Why they held the conference here instead I'll never know. I would have refused the hotel room if I had a car but getting on the tube that early in the morning seemed like a mistake," Sherlock explained.
He shook it off and focused on Watson getting to the end of the letter and grinning. The man sat on the floor and pulled some trimmed newspaper articles from the envelope, looking them over briefly before putting them back, and then glanced up.
When Mrs Hudson shook it again he gave in and slipped it on, buttoning it quickly and huffing as Mrs H did up the hood.
He stood, holding the laptop haphazardly under one arm, and walked around in a circle, trying to catch his breath. Christ, how had his breath been sucked out of him? How was this ridiculous man making him feel...full of bloody firecrackers. He felt that if he opened his mouth again they might just pour out.
The guilt he felt at what had happened to put Victor in that state, a case gone wrong with the young man and him smack in the middle of it, was warm in his stomach still, even that many years later. Traumatic event was what Victor's therapist had called it, and he supposed it was true. Victor being locked in the boot of a car for that many hours, thinking he was going to die there, had changed them both.
Sherlock paused and looked down at the table, as if she had forgotten all about the thing. "Oh, that wasn't for eating. I'll see you tonight."
Sherlock crossed his arms and winced. His chest still hurt and he was having a strange reaction to close proximity with the doctor and he nearly leapt out of his skin when the man reached across the small table and gently gripped his forearm.
Sherlock glanced over. "Don't leave me here to question it," he said, obviously trying to not let on how anxious he was to hear more.
"It's half seven," Sherlock said with a snort, embarrassed by the people he now realised were bustling around them.
“God’s hands,” he muttered to himself with a small grunt as he started to make his way to the cramped loo.
The added sound of the cane on the stairs made John cringe. It was strange to feel as if he wanted to impress Sherlock, when what he should have wanted was to forget him.
He paid the cabbie and jogged up the steps, only to be stopped in the entryway by Mrs Hudson, phone in her hand.
"Imagine what you like, John. I'm in serious danger here," Sherlock said. And yes, he knew it wasn't the best idea to be lying again so soon, but he thought John could tell it was a bit of a lark.
Greg pulled him down by his hair and licked into his mouth, pushing him backwards into his bedroom and shoving him down onto the bed.
"Shut up and continue to romance me, John," Sherlock said, his voice cracking and giving away a lot more emotion than his words did.
'The people want to know the truth,' the reporter said, his tall frame somehow changing into the  compact body of John Watson.
John looked between the two men and then rose to his feet, filling one of the cloth napkins with food and following Sherlock to the coat rack.
The feeling grew to its peak when they walked through the front door to find Anderson arguing with Lestrade outside the man's office.
"What the bloody hell did you say to him?" Greg asked, closing the door behind them and running a hand through his hair.
"I'm fairly certain your concern breaks several laws, Mycroft," Sherlock spat, going back to trimming the photos.
"I'll show you to your cabins," the woman said, walking off at a slow pace. "Sandy, you'll be on the women's side, just down here. You're bunking with Mary Watson."
"Did you get trapped? While you were serving?" Sherlock asked, standing behind John and holding his breath.
"I'm going to look around now," John said, leaning in and taking out a metal probe. "You'll feel some pressure, but I hope no discomfort."
Really, though, how could he? How could he go into that room on John's first day back in London and ruin everything for the both of them?
“Come back with me tonight,” Sherlock replied (and didn’t it sound like a pickup line?). “You won’t need the full week.”
John locked the loo door behind them and ushered Sherlock over to the sink. He ran a paper towel under the water and then rung it out, pressing it to the back of Sherlock's neck as the man leaned against the sink. John was looking for signs of panic attack but other than the stuttering and blushing Sherlock just seemed to be embarrassed.
He checked his phone again and then turned it off and on again to make sure it hadn't malfunctioned. When there were still no messages he tossed it aside and opened his laptop. If he couldn't do anything else he could at least write up his blog. He tapped slowly at the keys then highlighted the intro and stared at it, his finger hovering over the delete button.
He started reading up on the like as soon as he got out of hospital the first time, tearing through tomes at the library and making his own notes. His parents were tempted to send him to therapy, but his older brother changed their minds. Mycroft had told them that if they took away the thing that interested Sherlock the most, they would be stunting his intellectual growth. They took the comment well, even coming from an eleven-year-old.
Sherlock sitting on a stool and pressing at the heel of her hand. Eager new beads blossomed and she hissed. Deep red and easily spilled, she'd always thought blood was quite beautiful.
"Are you aware that my brother was missing today?" Mycroft asked, hand clutching his umbrella with crushing force.
Sherlock shuddered and closed his eyes, whispering once more before seeming to fall asleep. "I can see you...a bit."
'Would've been able to look closer if we'd just walked home,' she thought. But, no, Sherlock had insisted that they didn't do anymore damage to Jane's shoulder, and had hailed them a cab out of nowhere. (Luck, not magic, apparently. Jane had felt stupid after asking.) Now they were pulling up to a perfectly normal coloured building, and Jane was looking around for 221. It was supposed to be close.
He knew Sherlock. Sherlock would balk at the attention, would frown and stomp out if it was apparent that John wanted to see him. John's emotional attraction, and in fact any emotional intimacy whatsoever, seemed to frighten Sherlock.
"Eat your eggs, then," John said, bringing him a plate. "You can bring the case back here later if you'd like."
John tried his best not to stare at him as let the shirt fall from his shoulders and tucked it unceremoniously into his trousers at the hip.
"You saved that woman's life," Sherlock said, voice sounding suddenly certain. "Untreated, she would have got sepsis."
John gurgled out a laugh at that and spread out on his back like a starfish, hot water slowly filling his mouth as the sand had. He let it fill until he couldn't hold his breath any longer, and turned his head to spit it on the floor.
"Our story begins with Buttercup. She lived in a small town with her parents, and enjoyed horseback riding and tormenting the farm boy, Wesley," John started. "She peppered him with demand upon demand, and his only response was the ever eager 'as you wish'. She was surprised that day to realise that when he said those words, what he meant was 'I love you'. She was even more surprised to realise how much she loved him back."
Sherlock blushed and ducked his head, mumbling something before walking to the back of the room. John grinned at him and went about cleaning the counter absentmindedly.
A few minutes later, minutes he spent in deep contemplation, Mrs H retuned to the table and set a cup of coffee down in front of him.
Sherlock and John looked at each other for a second and then started talking at once. John backed off and Sherlock went on.
Greg sighed and took the seat next to him on the small stage, pushing aside the placard for the second writer and leaning heavily on one shoulder. "We've talked about this before. If you want to go in a different direction that's fine. The boss just wants one more Detective Miller story out of you. She needs one last romance before we lose the reader base."
John pulled him closer, Sherlock ending up nearly on top of him, and started to thrust hard and deep. They were both gritting their teeth and Sherlock cried out and started to come, his arsehole spasming around John's cock.
"Why are YOU speaking to him, Sherlock? He's hardly brilliant," Mycroft interrupted. "How is it that he hasn't bored you yet?"
Even as he said it John felt his stomach roll over. Sherlock was a genius, though, and there was no way he would be interested in an invalided army Doctor.
"You don't have any idea where we're going, do you?" Greg asked, sitting back and running a hand through his hair.
The man fumbled his wallet and nodded, passing over some cash and shifting his rucksack to his other shoulder as he waited for his change. Sally came over with the steaming mug and gave him a fake smile. He nodded and walked to the back of the shop, getting his things out and starting his homework.
The house had been set for a bit of a revamp two years prior. It took those two years to get it done, as lighting wouldn't seem to work on certain days and machinery went missing, just to show up in places it had no right to be. The house went through three sets of workers before it was all done, as the neighbor, a sweet old woman, had told Sherlock before supper.
That was the problem. He needed to be seen as uncaring, had developed the façade of indifference over so many years that when he realised he no longer wanted it he felt a fool. He couldn't just change his entire being. He couldn't change because of one man. The risk was too high.
John didn’t remember sending his resume to Bart’s, and he would have remembered sending it to anywhere larger than the few clinics offering part time positions. ‘That damn therapist,’ he thought.
Sherlock nodded and John leaned in again, pressing his lips to Sherlock's clavicle and kissing it gently. "I love you," he murmured, kissing Sherlock's shoulder. "I love you. I love you."
His mobile rang out across the bedsit and John cursed as he changed directions and stumbled over to the sideboard to grab it. His leg was still acting up, and he should have had his new cane by the side of the bed, he realized just then. He cleared his throat a few times, but it was still raw when he ground out an abrupt hello into the receiver.
'It was very nice to get such a thorough list of questions, and while you deserve answers to them, I'm not sure I'm the person you should be asking. I know it's difficult to ask your parents about things like sex. I would suggest speaking to your doctor. You can ask to see them without your parents permission if you live in the UK. Although I would like to tell you to continue reading my work, this site is really meant for adults. Please don't take that as an insult.'
"Maybe you should just come with me instead," Sherlock said, downing the rest of his drink and laying his head on his pillow with a loud sigh. "That way I wouldn't have to deal with nameless drones and you wouldn't be bored at home."
Sherlock and John's second day together is just as little a success as the first...although, John's blog seems to tell a slightly different tale...
It looked like a hand-me-down. It was banged up a bit, as was the black box Sherlock stuffed below, ostensibly a DVD player.
The room was painfully full, standing room only at that point, but John and his guest had been saved a table right in the middle of the action. The action at that point was a man with russet skin playing the piano. His fingers moved quickly, not caressing, but assaulting the keys.
What she didn't say was that it was intentional. She only needed a bit of blood for her next spell, a bit of her own power, and the guilty party would be struck dead. (At least she knew that admitting that was a bit not good.) She'd been wondering how she could watch, and hadn't noticed Jane coming down the stairs.
The next morning Sherlock was dressed in his best suit and headed to the morgue before the sun made a real appearance. He pulled his mobile from his pocket and let his thumb hover over the screen for a moment as the cab whizzed through traffic. No, he couldn't stop himself. With a soft sigh he started typing.
“Mike now, actually,” the stout man said. He was obviously nervous as he turned to speak to John. “Heard you shipped out like you always wanted to,” he said, eyes darting to and then past John. “How did that turn out for you?”
"What are you doing out here, Merrick?" the man asked, his voice low and rich. "Shouldn't you be off with your new owner?"
I have to go now, and wanted to get this letter out as quickly as possible. The new address is below.
They started walking towards Mycroft's posh flat, the tail lights of his sedan growing smaller in the distance, and Greg rested his head on Mycroft's shoulder.
"She blames me for Sherlock's first overdose," Mycroft said. "Thinks I should have taken better care of him."
"Respectfully, ma'am, I doubt there's anything you can throw at me that would top my time in Kandahar," Jane said, one eyebrow raising. "And I'm no longer in the profession, so Ms Watson will suffice."
Sherlock followed him upstairs to his bed and let John slowly strip him, the sound of the rain hitting the window outside soothing his frayed nerves slightly. The sky seemed to have broken just when they did, the pouring rain mimicking their fevered confessions. Unrelenting, desperate.
"Well," Sherlock said dramatically, pulling out the word and punctuating it with a raise of her eyebrows and the reemergence of that intelligent stare, "aren't you going to sit?"
He lied to get more money when he spent his allowance on sweets and found the money in his pocket held more weight, he lied to get out of trouble at school and felt only slight superiority, he lied to John and barely even took notice.
Now, in the several years that Greg had known Sherlock, he'd never once happened upon him unnoticed and got a smile in response. Frowns, screams, things thrown at him, and heaving sighed, yes. Smiles, no. You can imagine his confusion then, when he was met with just that. A smile, soft and contented.
They pulled up to the kerb and John leaned in close, hand going up to brush across Sherlock's lips. "I will make it worth your while. I can promise you that. You don't even have to like me."
They kissed as John wriggled the first finger in and out, eyes closed and tongues searching. John had never done it to himself, let alone had someone do it to him, so he honestly couldn't say what it felt like. Sherlock loved it. He'd been surprisingly open about his physical wants after that first night, wants that just seemed to expand each day. Even now, as John was working two fingers into his body, he was pushing back and asking for more.
'So did I,' John signed. 'Before today I always ended up back on the property when I tried to step off the kerb.'
"They'll have to be moved tomorrow," Mycroft said, ignoring the jab and unbuttoning his jacket before letting it slip from his shoulders.
"I was a bit soaked, wasn't I?" Sherlock asked after a long moment. "Forgot my umbrella at Nick's. Thankfully, he had exactly what we needed. Never thought he'd pan out when it came to the favor he owed me, but...there it is."
Jane looked back and forth between the two, trying to understand what exactly was going on. She was about to excuse herself, wanting nothing less than to get out of the way of the oncoming shrapnel, when the man turned to her and looked up from his mobile.
Well, that wasn't completely true. He knew, alright. He knew that the reason he had said yes directly linked to one Sherlock Holmes. He'd never been so completely enthralled by someone before. He wanted to touch the man, and that wasn't going to happen, so he drank. He drank to stop his fingers from remembering the warmth of Sherlock's skin as he'd put the blanket over him on the sofa that day.
John pulled Sherlock to him and rubbed his face against his neck, breathing there. "You were so upset. You wrote that last comment and I felt horrible," John added. "I'd pushed you away and I thought the person I'd done it for didn't have any interest in me."
The waiter came by and Sherlock ordered toast, just for something to look at, while John went all out on a full English breakfast and a side of strawberry jam. Strawberry. The man was a mystery.
Sherlock blushed a bit and looked rather proud of himself. "I'd better," he said, holding his hand up and gesturing towards what must have been the kitchen.
"It made him uncomfortable. Guilty. His guilt was palpable," Sherlock answered softly, making a face as if he could still TASTE the man's guilt in the air.
"Keep your leg up," John said holding his prick by the base and pressing slowly against Sherlock's hole. "That's it."
Sherlock looked to him, and then back again with record speed. "Man on the corner. He's talking to the woman in hushed tones because he doesn't want anyone to hear what he's saying."
"No," Sherlock replied, feeling shocked at how clinical things suddenly were, no matter how soft John's voice was.
I'm frightened for you. I'm frightened, and wracked with guilt because you want Sarah, the simple woman with no real interest in anything beyond the status quo. I can't be the doctor's wife. I can't be that person. Not even for you. I wish I could.
"Sexual intimacy," she said, enunciating each syllable. "Although I don't think I should keep my hopes up."
Sherlock continued to work wonders on Jane's shoulder and Jane was soon leaning back against her more and more.
John pushed him back onto the sofa and started in on his trousers. Sherlock did his best to assist as his mind spun, lifting his hips and legs in turn so John could pull his trousers and pants off completely.
John stilled, coffee almost to his mouth, and then slowly turned. "Why were you reading my personal blog?"
If you're reading this and you've been an ass to them, please show yourself to the door and eat a dick. We've talked about people unnecessarily criticizing others who are doing their thing for free. It almost got me out of fic once. If you don't like something someone else has made, leave. You don't need to comment, you don't need to be snarky, if they're not hurting anyone, shut the hell up.
“John Watson, as I live and breathe,” a man was saying, nudging at the air next to him with a to-go cup. “The line has lost you, mate. But I grabbed you one when I got mine.”
As for injuries, there have been a few. I hope you don't mind me sending the drawings. They're not any good, but you can get the idea from them. I'll go over the ones I drew in a moment, but, as you seem to be fine with all things morbid, I think I'll start with the worst.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side and jumped out just before the doors could close on him, them dinging at him in distress before opening all the way again.
None of those in attendance paid him much mind. He would only bother them once he had something he wanted, they knew, and at that point it would be impossible to ignore. It would do them no good to try to speak to him until he was out of that cloud he always seemed to drag with him.
He found it regrettable that Greg didn't have occasion to smile so openly and wondered if that would change now that things between them had been sorted out. Every time he'd gone to Greg's flat since they broke up had been painful for both of them and perhaps he had simply become used to a look of disappointment from the man that was situational. Perhaps now Greg would smile when they were home.
Well, that's a bit of a lie; John could have spoken to him at any time, but he was hesitant. It felt so good to be around Sherlock, to be cared for by him.
He looked across the way and saw Sandy and William sit down. The two men's eyes were drawn to each other like magnets and they both smiled nervously. John felt relief again, that peculiar relief that came with William still liking him. His mood hinged on it, at that point.
"You don't like your readers. Probably because they're all women and women are only interesting to you if they are your friends or your bed mates. Seeing as you have few friends and your bed mates don't last long I wonder if you like women at all."
Well, everyone else is writing friends and family and I don't really have either, but I did like you and I thought you might have liked me before the near sleeping incident.
John looked up at him. Pushy. Pushy and eager to truly know someone. It was something he feared he should discourage in the man, but found he couldn't. "On the contrary, I came back to God after living a life of vice. I'm not stupid, you know, it occurs to me that they will possibly engage in whatever I warn against. I simply believe, unlike others, that they should know the consequence before experiencing it, though sometimes that does nothing to deter the act that brings it."
Death, of course, didn't care about power. It took what it wanted, the powerful and the powerless alike.
John let his hands move to wrap around Sherlock's waist and closed his eyes as his hips continued to circle, slower now. It seemed foolish to do anything else, foolish to even pull away.
"Anything else taste off?" she asked, going to the kitchen and pressing the button on her new single-cup coffee machine. (Really a savior for those who live alone.)
"One's murder, Sherlock. I'd hope it matters," John said, fond smile stealing across his face. "I'm off to gather my things from my flat. Don't go disappearing on me."
So, I'm in a bit of a state. You gave me more than I could have hoped for, more than I knew I wanted. I'd become so used to being alone, so used to talking to only myself. To have someone come in and break the silence in such a remarkable way has been shocking. I'm almost angry with you for shifting my entire world.
Sherlock grunted and set his things down, joining his brother on the plush sofa to be close to the fire.
Greg was a bastard when he wanted something, but, God, was he good at it. He tightened again and Mycroft started to shake, gritting his teeth and clenching his eyes closed as Greg gave and then took away exactly what he needed.
Sherlock decided the next time he wrote John he would send clippings from the news. Things about current events and the like. Things that he had no interest in.
"Wait," Sherlock said, holding his hand out as he fiddled in his pocket for his mobile. "How much have you had so far, and what is your weight?"
"I want checked curtains in the kitchen and plates with plants and bees on them," Sherlock said very seriously. "And, and I want matching bath robes and I want to dance in the sitting room in the evenings. I want to make messes and I want you to hound me until I clean them. I want to sit next to the fire with you during the winter and I want you to go on cases with me. I'm losing my mind. I want it all. Is this hysteria? What are the signs of hysteria?"
"I had a case," Sherlock said, "well, a small one. Came out of nowhere after my second class. And, yes, it took an embarrassingly long time to solve, for such a small matter, but there you have it."
Sherlock shifted in his chair a bit. "Can't risk it. You know it's full of people who are leaking all manner of bodily fluids. If I get taken with something and end up in bed for a week, what do you think will happen to the criminal class?"
The black and white picture is here: http://obligatorysherlockblog.tumblr.com/post/154058235754/blackstarjp-hq-british-independent-film
That perfect moment, relaxation and soon to be inebriation, was when there came a knock to the door. Not just any knock, either. One he knew. One he dreaded.
Sometimes, horribly romantic things happen in public loos. Not often, of course, but sometimes, just sometimes, they do. Sherlock knew that, as knowing things about human behavior was of great importance to his job, but never in a million years did he suspect he might be involved in one of those situations.
"They like me. Started out with one, and then the others just began showing up in my basket at the checkout. Tesco wasn't even selling orchids at the time, and yet there three of them were, price tags and all. I could hardly put them back at that point, what with their determination and all." There was a sigh and a thump as Sherlock sat back on the floor again. "That was three years ago. Mrs H didn't seem to mind, so they got to stay."
Sherlock smiled and cocked her head to the side. "Oh, but you do. You want a challenge. You're back from war, a bit worse for wear, and you want to know that you aren't weak. You signed up for this class to be pushed to your limits mentally, as physically seems to be on the back burner now. You figure that if you can get back to Afghanistan because of your brain, it will be enough. You're interested in writing about the people you used to serve with. I think you can get the same feeling on British soil."
Sherlock shook his head, a bit more honesty coming out than he was prepared for. "I'm not happy. I haven't been happy for years. I'm as alone as you are. Was, was alone."
Sherlock hummed against his lips and let John slip his tongue into his mouth. It was thrilling, the ease of it. It lacked the urgency he'd felt the night before, feeling as though now this was normal, as though, overnight, his world had shifted. He'd honestly not expected he'd ever have a satisfying relationship in his life, and now that the thought crossed his mind, he panicked.
"Magic, of course," Jane replied, not at all believing the woman. Yes, she'd heard that magic still existed, but she'd never seen a tish of it. Her father was particularly vocal about what a bit of hogwash it was.
Once again, things seemed easy. He could imagine them living together, in a house of their own, surrounded by their favorite foods and random knickknacks. He was overwhelmed by the feeling of nostalgia for something that had never been, the feeling that it was so close to being a possibility that it already existed out there somewhere, on some other continent with two other men just like them.
"Not like that," Sherlock sighed, refusing the marker. "Write something bad. Cock, or arsehole. Write Sherlock is an arsehole."
Sherlock said it with such softness in his voice, such sympathy, that John found himself pulling him by the hand until he'd fallen into his lap. His arms wrapped around the man's waist as he took in the fine flush that was appearing on his neck.
"Sure," the constable replied. "The killer wife is behind bars and you've got yourself a reputation. Who'll it be next?"
"Christ, I can't wait to be inside you," he said, squeezing his cock with his free hand to relieve some of the pressure.
Sherlock thought of John the whole way back to the street he was staying on, the tube shaking him nearly off his feet two times as the abrupt stops took him by surprise. He almost missed his stop but just managed to jump out the closing doors at the last second. He was shaken and unnerved and should have been pacing at home in his flat where he couldn't do things like run headlong into complete strangers.
"I'll, uh, make some tea, then," John said, going to the kitchen and running the water until his eyes focused a bit more.
"They'll look good on you, I think," Mycroft said, taking out a nearly matching set of cuff links and helping Greg put them on.
Sherlock caught John's change in mood and gripped his hand the second they were out of sight, squeezing it to give some comfort before they could speak on it.
After a few moments Sherlock ruined the entire plan by slipping one slim hand down the front of John's trousers and causing him to huff out a small whine before completely falling apart.
Funny how the email had turned into his safe place. He had yet to reply to it, but he'd read it multiple times. He was still on the fence about how honest to be in return, even several days later. Maybe today would be the day he got up the guts to reply.
John divulged how much he had consumed, along with his weight, and then started putting his tea to rights.
"I'm sure there'll be something coming for you in the mail," Jane said, uncomfortable with the direction in which the conversation was heading; the direction it always headed.
And, oh, how the new angle did interesting things to Sherlock's brain. John had pulled him down and forward, and his cock was so thoroughly buried that Sherlock's breath was knocked out of him. The thrusts were coming harder now and he was making weak little grunting noises with each one, and his brain was MELTING.
Sherlock was completely silent next to him and John, figuring Sherlock would agree with him wholeheartedly, looked over to see what was wrong. Sherlock's cheeks were coulored richly and even the tips of his ears were pink. He was blinking quickly as his mouth opened and closed and John rested a hand on his knee to try to get his attention.
"This is real literature," John disagreed. "Adventure and ro-". He stopped himself short, knowing any mention of romance would bring on the mocking. "Rollicking good times. Princes and kings and giant rats."
Sherlock stayed as still as possible while the machine worked and then followed John back to the examination room.
"You've never wanted friends before," Mycroft said, taking Sherlock's empty glass off the crushed velvet of the sofa and wondering if he needed to ply his brother with more alcohol to get to the bottom of his troubles that evening. "What is it about this vicar that has you out of sorts?"
It was all Mycroft's doing. He was the only one who knew about Sherlock's childhood interest in pirates. Sherlock wanted to curse his brother, but at the same time, just as John was settling into the spare space at the end of the sofa, it felt like a sort of gift. If the knowledge was used against him, that would be one thing, but it seemed it would be in his favor to keep his mouth shut for once.
"I need to see him," John said, tears welling in his eyes. "He's my partner. I was there when he was shot! God, I need to see him!"
The answer came via a short knock on the door frame at the front of the morgue. Soft knock, hard knock. Clear, concise, and to the point.
Greg nodded and wrapped the tie around his neck as Mycroft tapped twice on the glass and the driver turned the car around.
The next morning at breakfast Sherlock sat strangely close to John. John could feel the brush of his arm each time he took a bite of his food or pushed it around the plate.
John couldn't go back to sleep. He spent the next five hours writing and wondering if he should just move. If he moved, it would be a new start. He could keep himself from feeling like this about a man ever again. He could keep his distance.
"You know the answer to that, and I know someone who can dispose of a body," Sherlock hissed, trying his best to maneuver John's prick into his willing body.
Sherlock surged forward and pressed their lips back together, hands gripping John's biceps tightly. John was hot. His skin was soft under Sherlock's fingers. Everything felt electric. Sherlock rubbed up and down his body, fingers tripping over nipples and settling at the edge of John's pants. John slithered out of them and kicked them off the bed, laying back with his hands beneath his head so Sherlock could explore.
The drugs, carefully packed up and hidden again in Sarah's flat, were on his mind almost constantly. That was why, he reminded himself, you don't go about falling off the wagon; because the fall is only the first bad bit. The fall left him with the word cocaine fluttering about his head unbidden. He'd be walking down the street on his way to the shops and his brain would remind him that cocaine would feel really good just then. He'd be in the middle of researching something and click on an advert for some sort of energy supplement, something he knew not to, and be bombarded with pictures of people looking ready to face the day. Cocaine, his body would remind him, would make him just as ready. He would even wake up and walk to the loo thinking he was on his way to do a hit, only to realize once he was sat on the floor like an idiot that the cocaine was far away and he wanted it to be that way.
Marriage, in short, only worked if you wanted it to. Sherlock wondered at how his immediate wish was for John and Mary to not want it to work.
John stood on the balls of his feet, Sherlock's book and his jacket in one hand as the other clenched into a fist, and looked Sherlock directly in the eyes. "I'm not the only one acting childish!"
"What am I meant to do?" Derrick asked, taking the pen hesitantly, as if it might bite or change into something strange in his hands.
"I don't know what you mean," Greg said, turning away from Mycroft and missing the fact that they were going up, not down.
"Don't you knock?" Sherlock asked, scooting his chair in to hide the most offending bit of his flesh.
Sex. He hadn't thought of sex in so long that even the word felt strange on his mind's tongue. This wasn't so different from the last time, though, meeting someone on the street and following them home. Anonymity was best, and he knew he could find something to do with the cash at the end of the night. It wasn't completely like actually being a prostitute.
The cab ride home from the train was silent, but as soon as they made it through the doors of the vicarage Sherlock was bubbling over with sudden commentary.
"Hardly. The assistance won't take up much time at all. Simply a second pair of eyes," Sherlock said, picking at his plate.
Sherlock ducked his head in surprise, multiplying his chins exponentially and causing John to laugh.
"Well," Doc said, "at least that was honest. I'll see you all back here in a hour for guided meditation."
The man cleared his throat and John looked back at him. "We do, but that's not why I'm here. Like everyone else seems to be, I'm interested in your new found...delight in Sherlock Holmes. Tell me, do you often attempt to bed your readers?"
Merrick walked after them, moving slowly and panting. They stopped in the kitchen on the way to grab cold drinks and Mrs H tisked over how hot it was out and how they would burn up or melt and leave her alone to grow old by herself with no one to talk to. That was one thing John found himself feeling more than a bit guilty for not thinking of. They both loved the woman, and, yes, she was strong enough to get by on her own, but they'd miss her.
“Quiet now, Mr H falls asleep in his favourite chair about now, and I’d rather not deal with him tutting over you all night,” Sherlock whispered, her gloved hand still wrapped tightly around Jane’s as they climbed the stairs in the dark to the second storey.
The moment he was back in the cab headed towards Baker Street, the magical feeling had returned. Sherlock had set down his mobile and was speaking rapid-fire about life insurance and possible motives, and John's blood was singing in his ears.
"Do you really think she won't see that you're..." she offered, the first small talk they'd attempted in twenty minutes on the road.
Just as soon as he thought it would be too much, three fingers up his arse and a hot mouth around his cock, John pulled off and slowly removed his fingers. Sherlock watched him roll the condom on and breathed purposefully as he lined up.
John unpacked the ham sandwiches and took his glass of water, lifting it to his lips and sipping it as he watched Merrick round back to them, ball in mouth. Sherlock pulled a piece of ham from his sandwich and traded Merrick for the ball, drawing his arm back once more and letting it go. It soared through the air and bounced twice before Merrick stopped looking at their food and went to find it.
"We might as well head to the mess hall," John said, standing and pulling an oatmeal jumper from a duffel at the end of his bed.
I hope all is going well, as I'm not sure what I would do if it wasn't, and I'll write you again soon. After, of course, I have another story to tell you.
They got into the lift silently and rode down to street level secretly glancing at one another and completely oblivious to the people around them. It's not that every single person was watching them, that wouldn't happen for another half a week, but a few shot them knowing looks and one even opened her newspaper and glanced between it and them.
"You seem..." the woman, Sherlock, said, still holding onto Jane's hand as she moved closer, "familiar. It's unnerving."
"You should stop writing," he said as they were laying in a post coital haze, in the bed they now shared at 221b Baker Street.
John snorted and shook his head. "She's useless. Told me to try writing about personal experiences to get the creative juices flowing, which by the way is a disgusting phrase on its own without the idiot insistence that I start a blog."
"Will you spend the night with me? Mrs Hudson will be out for another day or so. I don't...I don't want tonight to be over."
Sherlock was shocked into silence. This wasn't what he wanted. He tried for an apology that wouldn't incriminate himself.
“And you see him now, instead of the others?” The newest therapist asked, writing something quickly down in his notebook.
Sherlock smiled again, this time softly, and directed at Jane. "No, I just happen to have a brain, something you're utterly lacking. You've got my information. Come along, Jane."
"Should have never let him get hurt," John finished. "Because you should have controlled everything perfectly. Because in situations like that, things always go by the plan, right? Things go by the plan and good people don't get hurt, because he world is a just place."
"I was...what are you doing here?" Sherlock asked, stumbling over his words as he locked the door behind himself.
John chuckled caught his mouth, sucking on his bottom lip and chasing the feeling that was coiling low in his belly, utterly consumed by Sherlock, wanting nothing but to be a part of him.
John wondered what sort of self-pleasuring objects he might have found strewn across the bed if he continued, but kept the thought to himself. The man was married to his work and seemed keen enough on his own that he wasn't left wanting. John only wished he could be so...self sufficient.
Mycroft sucked in a shaky breath and shook his head to clear his thoughts. "Behind you. The left drawer."
He didn't see the interest pass over Sherlock's face, as he was heading up the first steps towards his room, but it was there.
"I thought you'd see me as a knight in shining armour," Mycroft said, face blank as it always was in rest.
They started walking again and William took a broken tree branch to move rocks around in the stream bed.
"Have you got a washing machine?" John asked, not at all what Sherlock was concerned he'd been thinking.
John was really, truly angry then. How dare this man be so agreeable, so soft and frightened and fragile? He wasn't allowed fragility after what he'd done to John.
Well, here we are at the end of things. I'm so happy these idiots worked it all out. Catch you guys on the next one.
Sherlock pulled off his shoes and massaged his injured toes before walking quietly to the adjoining door and listening carefully. He could hear John on the other side, banging around and then sitting with a loud creak on the bed. He was about to move away when he heard the mini fridge opening and three or four of the small bottles of alcohol being removed.
Sherlock nodded once. “We were...known to each other long ago. I haven’t spoken with him in years. I didn’t realise he was related to the family I was going after. Fraud has been on the case for months, raiding psychics all over town. I knew there was a story, I just didn’t realise how dangerous it would be until the last minute.”
Jane closed the front door to the flat that was suddenly hers, and locked it for good measure, before deciding that the least disrespectful place to have a go at herself would be the loo. She barely made it through the door before she had one hand down her pants and the other up her shirt.
From what he'd learned that day from the microfiche at the college library, the student that jumped from the roof had complained to his flatmates about strange noises and things being moved. Sherlock had already set up cameras and triggers for alarms all around the house, no one seeming to notice as they unpacked their things. He figured all he had to do was wait, and when his things arrived later the next day, his laboratory would be the perfect place to do so.
"I have a soulmate," Sherlock whispered, laughing hysterically for a second, before passing out cold.
Sarah was surprising, funny, and odd. That combination, along with what he remembered of her good looks, had him feeling like bragging. It was quite the turn of luck. Now all he had to do was interest her back. He looked at the last line, a simple request for another letter, and the sloppy 'S' she signed, and grinned anew.
And with that John sat on the toilet lid and kept himself from glancing up at Sherlock's naked form.
Sherlock pulled the half empty bottle of whisky from the top shelf and grabbed a tumbler. In all honesty, the last time he'd had a drink was six months prior when his brother insisted he try to get a flatmate. That had gone swimmingly.
"There's a place down the street with meat pasties," Sherlock explained. "You'll need to be in a good mood for when we get hollered at today."
"Who in this class has met their soulmate?" the professor asked, raising her own hand and looking around as fifteen percent of the class did as well. "Good. Now, who would like to tell us about how you knew?"
"Hey," John said, patting the ground beside him. "I was just teasing. You did a great job. It looks good."
Greg was waiting for him when he got to the Fox and Hound, pint already half drained even though John was early. John sat across from him and held his hand up to the barmaid.
"Hi," John said, smile oozing charm as he tapped the pass hanging around his neck. "I'm one of the writers. I've seemed to have lost my way."
At that, Sherlock sat up like a bolt and stared at Jane, who found herself in the matching ramrod position. There was a peculiar look in her eyes and a grin on her face. It occurred to Jane that she probably got that reaction from most people when she mentioned magic.
John was very hard to secretly track. He always managed to know where Sherlock was. The only way he could keep John safe was to pretty much glue himself to the man's hip. That was how he managed to be standing in the stall next to John, pretending to use the loo, when Doc entered a few nights after it became clear he was the target.
"You watch your fuckin mouth in this house, young lady," Jack howled, fists slamming into the table and threatening to upend the pint he'd been making a lazy way through.
"Don't think I can?" Sherlock asked, before leaning back and unbuttoning the top three buttons of her shirt, the vee of it hinting at small breasts held tight to her body with silk.
On the fourth floor the lift dinged, noting that it was stopping to let someone on. Which was horrid. He couldn't wait another bloody millisecond to get out of the thing and so, with all his might, face scrunched up, advertising multiple chins, Sherlock pressed the close door button repeatedly. The lift settled on the fourth and the doors opened a bit. He continued pressing the button and they started to close.
Sherlock paused for a moment after reading it and then looked over at him. There was a small smile on his lips, but it was the look in his eyes that caught John's breath.
"No, um, when I came back after the injury. It always seems like a particularly awful time of year for me. Bad luck, I suppose," John said. "And I won't ask how you knew about my injury, it'll just make me feel pathetic."
Sherlock feigned a shiver and shook his head, lighting up a cigarette and leaning back in his chair. "If it does rain, we'd be much better off out here; the dining room ceiling leaks."
He was brought back to his body by a rough hand in his hair and seeking lips. Sherlock was moaning and biting at him and fucking himself on his cock with guttural grunts and John's hands shifted to his arse, pulling and squeezing and thrusting up now with bit off moans of his own.
John smiled. "Hold not conference, debate, or reasoning with any lust; tis but a preparatory for admission of it. The way is at the very first flatly to deny it."
He cracked a few eggs and went about making two omelettes, chopping onion and mushroom and adding in cheese as he listened to Sherlock grumble in the shower. His hands needed to be busy with the thought of Sherlock in the shower spinning round his mind. They itched to be elsewhere.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "It's this or paperwork. How fast did you hop at the chance to see a case first hand?" Sherlock asked knowingly.
"You did! You stomped on my foot like a child and you aren't even sorry!" Sherlock shouted, leaning over, while still hopping, to breathe against John's face in anger.
Sherlock carefully extended her hand and opened it, palm up. The area right in the middle of her palm was a mottled red.
Mrs. Hudson had always seen ghosts. It was just in her makeup, she figured. Her grandmother had seen ghosts and made a fine profit as a medium and taught her that it was nothing to fear. It was still a surprise when one moved in next door.
