“No, I have to go.”
He still wanted to get behind this. “Why?”
Sherlock took a deep breath with his eyes closed, trying to keep his focus as his body sent his mind further and further into 'not-so-much-needed-here'-state. “As lovely as this talk is going and as much as I appreciate you trying to be reassuring, I think you might want to leave now, it's starting up again, quite rapidly so, and I can't guarantee any long amount of time left of my rational mind being present.” John, visibly took note of Sherlock's quickening breath and the way he licked his lips, not able to stop himself from doing so.
Sherlock nodded. “Okay,” he whispered, then, looking around, asked “can I hold for a second?”
Sherlock did all he could to suppress a snarl and spoke in a forced, civilised tone. “You will leave right now on your own free will, unless you want me to force you, which I will inform you, I have every right to do.”
“And you still want it, don't you?” Seriously.
When Lisa spoke now, her voice was shaking. “They had gone to get ice cream for us. I was supposed to look after him. I,” a sob made her gasp for air violently, “I only turned away for a second! How could I lose my brother like that?!”
“Aren't you supposed to feed them?” the Alpha asked instantly, remembering that there actually were now five little human beings in this house.
Sherlock followed the order and got to his hands and knees. John climbed onto the bed. “You want to feel little. Powerless.” A sharp smack of John's hand against his arse. Sherlock yelped in surprise. “Insignificant.” The word was whispered in his ear as John leaned his full weight on Sherlock's back.
“In a month?”
“I don't know!” John's voice had turned into an alarmed shouting. Sherlock heard him take calming breaths. Shaky calming breaths. “Jesus, just- your smell!”
By now, these things were just 'playing the game'. At least it was one they both enjoyed. “Well, then how would you evaluate the probability that we can 'leave it at that'?”
He just sat there, in his chair, looking at Sherlock's chair as if he would materialise out of it.
Sherlock tryingly moved to sit straight, feeling his wet arse cheeks slick against each other, the sheer idea making him feel sick and he went back to his foetal position in the small seat of the chair, shaking his head. “I can't.” he admitted. This was so beneath him. And the noise-forcing sensations of various kinds made him want to fall into a bottomless pit in the ground.
“Oh, my father was! But my mother was always a strong and confident woman, that is what she taught her girls and what I taught my boys.” she explained with a knowing smile.
John chipped in to not seem out of place. “We are worried about him and how the situation your family finds itself in might be affecting him.”
“Sorry.” John breathed, pausing to fight back a sudden rush of tears, so unlikely on the man's face. “Just this...” he managed as nothing more than an exhale, gathering his focus to try and speak more clearly. Failing. “It's just all this.... I hadn't slept in a month, Sherlock.. I was so worried.. And when I found you, when you were back... I just noticed something wasn't right.. with me.. I'm working on it, I swear I am.. The eating, too! I just... I need some more time..”
“Hello, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson! Now, I am a little worried here, you registered as an 'emergency'?” Dr. Field said as she entered the room, sitting down in front of them.
Lie. Lie! He misinterpreted the 'obliged', didn't he? Sherlock wouldn't submit just because he was in heat! Stupid John. “You don't
New chapter - whoohoo!
“Where did you get the money to buy the drugs?” the Alpha asked, wiping his hand on a handkerchief.
“Why, because you're a middle-aged gorgeous Omega doctor slash single father and absolute DILF, if you don't mind the directness?”
sum of money to finance us?”
A long and elegant hand brushing along John's jaw to cup it softly. Instinctively, the Alpha leaned into the touch taking a whiff of his mate's calming scent as his wrist was right there next to the Alpha's nose. All that's happened, the stressed-out doctor still tried to look composed, eyebrows creased a little as the exhaustion showed itself in plain sight. “John,” Sherlock whispered, his free hand coming to coat the back of John's hand, laying it on his belly, “you are anything but incapable. You're an incredible Alpha and you know it. I am only too aware of your wish for independence, but at some point you have to accept that you simply can't do
mean I lied! I only remember that round of coitus, not the conversation and was ever so slightly afraid I would have to be ashamed of you being able to know my emotions and being only in this because of instinct yourself...”
John frowned and looked up at Sherlock, only then realising that Sherlock honestly didn't know what John wanted to do, although he had a strong hunch that he wanted it himself as well.
Sherlock let on an amused smile. “I have eaten breakfast. All of it.”
Next to him, the Alpha stirred, smacking his lips as he came awake slowly. He was unfairly adorable like this – not, that, to Sherlock, he wasn't in just any other situation anyway. And strike him lightning if John wasn't just the sweetest human being when he turned around drowsily, looked at Sherlock with an uncomprehending frown and, obliviously, ignored it in favour of waking up completely.
“Well, I'm sorry, but I only store the information that is
“It seemed fine until now!”
“Because I like holding you. I like your hand on our little one.” John let his hand draw another circle on Sherlock's stomach for emphasis, placing another kiss on his lips. It pleased how easily he could make John feel better, calmer. “Do you have to work tomorrow?” he asked, hoping that, no, he didn't.
Sherlock looked at him in irritation. “Of course I did! What did you think?”
“You're eleven weeks along, Sherlock, if I tell them I'm on paternity leave already, they'll fire me.”
"Dental death grip" is my new catchphrase. It's also the name of my imaginary band.
“I just bought you.” Sherlock argued. And John could only agree that it was a logical conclusion.
parents?”
“We're going to be fine.” his Alpha whispered with more breath than words, diving in for that long wanted kiss.
Sherlock answered by abandoning his own plate and straddling John's lap, capturing his mouth for very unclean kisses. Against his fear, apparently he was going to eat. From Sherlock's hand. And occasionally his mouth. Just the touches to his pouching belly with greasy fingers were a bit off-putting, but Sherlock made up for that with very sexy kisses.
I.. uhm.. I'm still among the living. Just to, er, let you know.
“I do appreciate your sentiment over the absence of my brother, but a lsmall effort to uphold a little bit of dignity and decency would not go amiss, John.”
“Is that so? Because I could swear I have just heard you deny your confession of love and all that you told me right before I bloody bit you in the right thought you wanted it- wanted
It took precisely 1hour and 14minutes until the heavy door opened and someone stepped inside, probably to collect the plate.
Sherlock let his hand fall from John's face and instead held his hand. “I know. But if I hadn't- I mean... Maybe you would never have been...”
His indecisiveness and the torture it put on both of them would eventually put him in a sad mood and he would curl up around John to search reassurance that his Alpha loved him anyway. John would breath audibly, shift in his sleep and turn towards Sherlock and envelop him in his limbs.
“You're welcome.” John answered sarcastically.
“Sometimes,” she said with a shrug. “Come on, I put a lot of effort into dinner, I'm not letting that go to waste.” She grabbed his hand and led him into the kitchen.
“I'm alright. Just thinking.” he answered and noticed his own deep voice ringing through the room, volume supported by the tiled walls and floor.
a purist.” John pressed out through his teeth, eyes closed. He then realised what he'd just said and looked around quickly to see if anyone else could have heard. It was just the three of them. “That's how Sherlock and I met. He found me in that actioning house you shut down about a year back.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and propped himself up on one arm again. “Well, I'm sorry I am not the conversational type. I wasn't and I'm still not, difference being, that I like you and I have little chance, what with the whole gender and bond things...” he tried to excuse himself, embarrassed to be losing his reputation.
John just looked back at him with a blank expression. Sherlock frowned at him for a second, but decided to give John a minute. “What might be the outcome?”
Sherlock shrugged. “I would have no objections as long as the safety of my children is ensured. Although, I suppose we ought to make such a decision together and I don't think we are quite ready for that.” If it was just about him, he'd have no qualms whatsoever to become a source of research information. Medicine was a kind of science. This was about more than just him, though, and they had other things to work through first.
“No..” Sherlock squealed back. “I
Sherlock shuffled from the bed to his feet and slowly wobbled over to John, the quickly increasing weight of their growing pups putting an extra challenge to his progress daily, but he managed. His legs were building up their muscles again and he needed little aid to move now. The wall sufficed. He stopped in front of John, raised his head by cupping his face and looked him deep in the eyes.
“No! It's... overwhelming.. all these hormones and emotions..” in fact, every time he thought he'd gotten the upper hand, a new situation swept over him like a tidal wave, taking him by too much of a surprise to battle it down in time. The satisfied smile on John's face and the mocking raised eyebrow on Mycroft's didn't make him feel any more dignified.
“I want to go back to working when I've had these. Is that alright?” John asked, palming his middle for emphasis. That conversation had headed down a road he didn't care to pass at this time. Specifically Sherlock's last comment had set off something deeply unsettling in John. “If I earn my own money I might be able to afford my own flat, be out of your way.”
The question 'we?' died on John's lips before it left him. It was still a novelty to him that he got included in an Alpha's activities, but Sherlock had asked him to keep assisting him and he wasn't the kind of man to play cute. Further thought died as the doorbell rang and his head swung around instinctively, listening for activity downstairs. As ever, Mrs Hudson was at the door faster than should be expected at her age, not soon after, footsteps made their hesitant sounds on the stairs. John's heart clenched in a paternal manner when he saw their client come into the living room. The kid couldn't be older than 15, but the worry on her face was worthy of at least 20 years life experience. He got up and shook her hand, offered a glass of water and moved a chair for her to sit down on. When he came back with the water, Sherlock was just staring at her. It was a scary look to her, no doubt, but to John it was kind of adorable; he could tell the Alpha was trying to figure out how to talk to her without being intimidating, as was his usual strategy with adults.
John felt the stretching of his hole and willed himself to focus on the pleasure instead of the pain, which made the latter only more obvious to him. Additionally, his thighs were shaking with the effort and nervousness, which, of course, didn't go unnoticed by Sherlock.
“Shh.. Neither do I, but if that's what's happening right now, there might be nothing we can do to save it. Remember how we talked about this? It's okay.” John tried to calm him, but couldn't he see what was happening?!
“It's John. How d'you know I graduated?”
Most people were too confused or didn't know how to behave around him. This made John more special than anything or anyone else. People saw it as a disability and John literally just didn't care. If he was to be friends with a 3-years-old Unpresented, than so be it, he thought to himself. He wasn't confused by Sherlock not smelling of anything other than his body wash. He smiled at him nonetheless, treated him like any other likeable person.
“You sound absolutely ridiculous.”
Sherlock reluctantly rolled onto his back and pulled at John's hand. The Alpha understood and bent down to give his Omega a proper kiss. “Now you can go.” Sherlock said and turned away from him again. He heard John chuckle behind him as he left the room.
“For God's sake, Sherlock! Can't you at least try to help for once?!” John shouted, losing his patience at last.
“In exchange for what?”
“But I'm an Omega!” John argued. It was absurd, really. An Alpha having an argument with an Omega. It wasn't unheard of, of course, but usually it was in the general context of bonds being dissolved or just straight murders.
“Yes.” John nodded with a light red tinge on his cheeks. He really wasn't shy about sexuality, but talking about his sex life itself remained a trifle awkward to him.
“Could you stuff away your stupid alpha pride for a minute and just accept that we need support here!?” Sherlock bellowed and startled John with it. He stepped up to him, hands comind to each of the other's arms. “John, I love you dearly, but you alone can't provide for a family of six individuals
“HOW ON EARTH COULD I CALM DOWN WHILE LOSING MY PUP AND HAVING MY MATE FREAK OUT RIGHT NEXT TO ME?!”
Sherlock groaned a little. “Bring it here.” he demanded, not opening his eyes.
Brilliant,
He took a little pause still, as his brain tried to supply a fitting reaction. “Well, now that that's settled, when do we get ourselves tested?”
When John finally lay down, Sherlock budged up against his back slowly, waiting for John to flinch away, but he didn't. Reassured, Sherlock slung his arm around his way too thin mate, nuzzling into his back. “
“Yes, John.” he obediently replied and only then was he let go off and quickly disappeared upstairs.
Now John was laying back, watching, a little anxiously, as Sherlock's head approached his most intimate area.
When he finished the piece, he set aside his violin, flopping on the sofa, hands over his belly and mind drifting off to his mind palace, where he re-lived some cases with John while he waited for his return.
that you finally presented?” Mycroft asked, his tone increasingly serious and reproachful.
John flung a quick look to Sherlock, who look troubled and paralysed at the crying child. He spoke softly and lowly. “Lisa, we want to help your brother, but crying won't do us any good, hm? The faster we find him, the better, right?”
Sherlock seemed to consider John's reaction and calculate a fitting response. What he said in the end, however, left John completely flabbergasted. “I have an idea. Just play along.”
! I'd never have taken you for the kind to stay at home, baking the bread.” Lestrade murmured, starting to pace around a bit.
As soon as Sherlock was finally seated, he took a pause to get them both down again, his eyes falling on the creamy treat John was still clinging to.
“Because it could harm your reputation among them?” There was a joke in there somewhere, only it sounded like a few other things. Jealousy, for one. Anger for another.
He was just about to say something else when his children started unsettling each other, one of them starting to cry. John gave the leader of the team an exasperated sigh and rushed upstairs. He heard them bickering on the lower floor as he rocked and cuddled two pups at once, one in each arm, balanced against his torso. When he was finally able to leave his room again, carrying Jacob downstairs as the boy ran his fist up and down against John's chest, a noise was coming from his laptop. He went to look at it and found it showed a map and the noise was apparently a tracker having located something.
“Victims of bullying aren't generally the happiest people, Sherlock.”
Most of you probably don't even know who Queen were anyway..
And with that vague statement, the conversation was readily dropped.
“Technically, no, but we've had Sherlock in there plenty a time and I'd guess you care more about rules than he does. Plus, I really don't have the time and resources to spend on this case. We need to wrap it up and I need someone who knows what to poke for.”
He felt John's hands coming around to cup his rear and Sherlock reached down cupped and massaged John's cock through his denim trousers, firing up the sparking desire he had seen in John's eyes just a couple of seconds before.
“Well, then, why do you want to know?” John asked with a frown, he obviously wasn't sure where this conversation was going, but had a hunch he wouldn't like it there.
The next morning, when John stirred, they looked at each other and could tell that neither of them had slept, but both had pretended to.
“Oh, forget about that one – it's stupid, illogical and wrong. It's just a Christian excuse for bonding, really.”
“Then shut the curtains?!”
Being inside his mind palace was usually a good experience, something appeasing his brain by occupying it.
“Alright, love?” John asked when the doctor had left the room.
“I have a potential client coming later this morning and I was hoping you would.. assist me.” Sherlock knew it sounded a bit stumbled, but he couldn't think of better words. He didn't need help as such and he didn't want John to feel like an accessory, dragged along to feed the Alpha's pride. Not when there was that honest, and fragile, glimmer of hope in his expression.
Emmy bounced excitedly. “I had a good hiding..ing spot!”
He propped up an elbow on the arms of his chair and connected his shaking hand to his forehead, massaging it clumsily. His eyes began to burn suddenly and he fought back the tears drumming against his eyelids.
John looked back over at them just in time to see Sherlock handing the other man the note he'd written down just upon his arrival, accompanied by the simple order “leave.”
As Sherlock retreated into the toilet cubicle attached to the room, Dr. Field focused her friendly smile on John. “I notice the two of you still share a very close relationship?”
John faltered. “That's her case. That's Jennifer Wilson's case.”
He pushed himself forward on the cushions, stabilising himself as he got to his feet. As promised, month five had been giving him growth spurts that had slowly increased, not only in frequency, but also in severity. His belly was a telltale bulge.
“He's fighting. He won't give up.”
“You're my mate, I trust you.”
And indeed, Sherlock hugged her back, giving her cheek a small peck, then staring at John with eyes widened in annoyance. John frowned. When they parted again, Sherlock had a small smile on his lips and if these really were his parents, they'd see how fake it was, like people who really knew him did. His, apparent, father went over and they, too, hugged, though they passed on the kissing. “Well, John, I suppose you have just met my parents.” Sherlock said, louder than strictly necessary, to skip introductions. “How long are you going to stay?” he asked impatiently.
“I have a job!” Sherlock knew his brother was simply wearing a mask. Mycroft had always been proud of him and only wanted his best. Question was, why did he not act like it, ever?!
Sherlock's face scrunched up and he looked at his clock to get the time. “Aren't you off to the daycare in a minute?”
John looked down at the infant in his arms and went back upstairs to tuck him into his cot. In the silence of the flat he could hear that noise again and he remembered the tracker. He had restarted it. Curiosity gripped him and he descended the stairs to look at his laptop. The phone wasn't in Baker Street any more. It had moved, was still moving. An insistent cabbie, Sherlock disappearing and the phone moving away from the house? He had a bad feeling.
“Fine. You haven't seen the last of me, however.” She inclined her head towards John again. Then she looked back at Sherlock with her last words. “I'm very persuasive.”
There was no answer. Concerned, John opened the door and looked inside, his frown dissolving into an endeared smile as he realised Sherlock had fallen asleep. He knelt next to the tub and combed his hand through Sherlock's dry locks until the man stirred. “Hey, feeling better?” he asked in a soft whisper.
Greg's eyebrows furrowed at that. “What do you mean?”
In a way to assure himself, John tried pushing in a fourth finger into Sherlock, feeling the light resistance, but it was no measure to make him stop.
“There's no way Greg would hit on you like that – not in the knowledge you're already taken. It's not really his style.” John argued, taking a few steps closer to his mate
Enjoy!
“Uh, no, I didn't see anything.”
“We're rubbish.”
“No.” Sherlock agreed, the light chuckle making his voice sound ragged.
“Sherlock. Your habits are not to be taken as universal standards.”
Everything went so well.
Sherlock gave a low, rumbling chuckle. “Close already?”
“Well, groups, of course, have the upside of feeling as a collective, not like you are alone and on your own with pains and worries, the downside being, there are other people, mostly couples and not everyone might get along with everyone else. That's the beauty of private lessons: Just the couple and their teacher. The con is, it's more expensive and you have to pay for it yourselves.”
“What? We promised we wouldn't, Sherlock!” John's face reflected the disbelief he felt perfectly.
you suddenly like this?”
John fixed him with an annoyed glare at first, but soon lost to his desire to giggle. It was true and it was odd. He'd never been one to joke about himself much, God knew how Sherlock got him to do so.
“That would explain why I constantly seek your sexual attention.” Sherlock mused inching close enough for his breath to caress John's cheek.
“Yvonne.”
“JOOHN!” he shouted as his orgasm hit, shaking violently as John sucked him dry until there were John's arms holding him steadily and guiding him to the floor safely, John's scent filling him with calming hormones of his own arousal, John's voice whispering soft praises. There was John. Just John.
Sherlock did. He turned around, the motions pressing their mouths together momentarily, making them intensify their efforts noticeably.
“Are you playing my morals?”
Sherlock moved his lips against John's, but then broke away. “I mean it, John, Lestrade said that-”
“Well, I think I see were gets his willpower from.” he quirked a smile. “I mean, you don't really seem like the omega stereotype.”
“Seen a lot of injuries, then; violent deaths?” the question almost sounded like a challenge rather than curiosity. John confirmed. “Bit of trouble, too, I bet.”
entertain all you little terrors,” he said half-jokingly and catching Sherlock sitting on the sofa from the corner of his eye for a short second. “Why don't you get back to Jacklyn and I'll join you soon?”
“I should expect so, yes.”
It was in Sherlock's eyes, he knew, as John's focus immediately increased once looking at him.
“No, it's just a- ah, never mind.. Anyway, uh, I really need your help on this one.. Shall I take photos for you?”
“No, seriously Sherlock, you need to stop making excuses for me. If I'm incapable of managing my life with a job and children, that should be my problem, not yours.”
go in until we are there! John?!-”
Well, now, keep cool, have fun and leave me your opinions!
Once dressed in belstaff coat and leather jacket, John escorted Sherlock, hand on the small of his back as they stepped through their door and the detective started descending the stairs while John locked up before following him. When his feet hit concrete, the doctor lead their walk in the opposite direction of their destination, stuffing his hands into the pockets of his jacket, and Sherlock followed silently, no trouble keeping up with John's 'walk-pace', which was considerably faster than his usual walking – odd, since a walk like this was supposed to be relaxing, wasn't it? –, with his long, quick strides, coat fanning out behind him and John couldn't help the smirk forming on his lips. At that, Sherlock rolled his eyes, demonstratively buttoning his coat in the approaching winter cold. John turned to look at him properly, face lightened with the suppressed grin. Sherlock, upon seeing that, rolled his eyes again despite the small tug on the corner of his own mouth and, to John's surprise, linked their arms before tugging his hands in his pockets as well.
“Why not?” protested Sherlock.
Now, fight me. I am the author of this story. The creator. The master over what happens.
“Of course. Omega, Beta, Alpha; the presence of once bonded mate always makes one's strength increase, no matter the sex. The psyche often plays just as much a role in any healing process as the body itself does. But that leaves my personal profession and is a matter for a psychologist or psychiatrist. Your breakfast will be here shortly. We'll see tomorrow what your vitals say. Have a nice day.”
“I am aware.”
John loved him. He loved him on his knees, setting him, the Omega, on a higher position, worshipping him in a way no Alpha would if dealing with less than their perfect match. An Alpha didn't fall to his knees in front of Betas or Omegas. An alpha soldier didn't kneel to anyone but his superiors.
So, this isn't too long, but I've just had my last exam taken and, as you can imagine, I didn't have a lot of time or mind to put into this. That's the reason there's no smut this time, just fluff - I felt more like fluff.
“Yes. He's on the force. Sure, he's not very fit and has neither technique nor outstanding skills... Maybe not Gilbert.”
With his clean hand he reached for a tissue from his bedside table and cleaned himself up, then rolled onto his side, dragged his blanket up to his chin and tried to battle his own conscience. His girlfriend lived a few streets away and here he was, having just masturbated and not with her in mind. He felt bad and that he was treating her unfairly. He closed his eyes against the voices in his head and the emotions they stirred in him. He'd have to tell her tomorrow.
John's smile turned rather dangerous when he answered in a low voice, almost whispering. “Then you have a problem because he's mine and I'm not giving him back. Now leave my house. You can communicate with me via letters from now on. Name your price and I will pay it.”
When they tried to sedate Sherlock, he started throwing a tantrum and John stepped in, catching both his arms and talking to him calmly as he held his wrists in one hand and held the other out to be handed the syringe. Whispering reassuring words and phrases to his mate, he was able to stab his muscle with the needle and injected the sedative. A short “I'm sorry” later, he watched Sherlock drift off under the influence of the strong medicine. He was hoping they weren't complete idiots and had given him a mixture not terribly harmful to pregnancies.
“Where is Sherlock, dear? Is he not home?” the woman asked in honest confusion, as if she'd been informed Sherlock would be here.
He watched his face in the window panel of the door as the tunnel flew by. Yes. He was definitely pathetic.
Hey, sorry to bother you again, but I have a spontaneous question: would you like me to elaborate on John's kinks a little bit? I mean not only his pregnancy kink because obviously that's going to happen anyway, but what about his feeding kink? Like that like I do? Interested in some kinky sessions? Let me know, please :)
Sherlock couldn't find it in himself yet to speak, so John, after a quick glance to his mate, did so. “Next week.” he informed, settling back down besides the Omega and carding a hand through his sweaty curls.
John internally snapped and laughed as Anderson fell for the bait. “Well, of course it is,
“What?! No, Sherlock, no. It's not settled and I'm not going to be pregnant. Not while you're carrying and just generally not.”
“But I'm not
“That's not an issue, John.”
, unbonded Omegas we're not only pheromone radiators, but unbonded Alphas were also constantly of the opinion they had to take them, claim them and nurture them so they would lend them their fertile wombs. Purely homosexual relationships were still frowned upon and definitely never considered to be present. Every Omega needed a strong Alpha with a big cock to care for them; at least, that's what they all seemed to believe.
“God, real cock block..” John huffed, but in an amused tone.
, Mycroft, nothing but the knowledge that he's still alive. That's it. That's all I'm getting. I've spent days trying to get into better contact with him, my head is exploding with the effort, but I can't, I can't!” John writhed, frowning deeply against the new wave of stabbing pain in his head.
, of all people, would.
Guess who's back. Back again.
“So you're just accepting your fate and diving head first in-”
John didn't answer that, but emerged from the kitchen a while later with two bowls of soup, one on a plate, which was the one he handed over to Sherlock to eat on the couch, attempting to avoid spills. However, when John placed the plate on the table next to Sherlock, the latter reached for his hand, bringing it to his lips, eyes closed before looking up at John, a silent plea for forgiveness in his look. John wordlessly cupped Sherlock's face, set down his own bowl and leaned down to kiss his mate properly. Sherlock sat up withdrawing his legs from the cushions to make room for John, who eventually sat down next to him and began to eat his soup.
John turned the attention from him by addressing Mycroft with a frown. “Why are you so keen to help us out anyway? What's in it for you?”
John didn't consider this for long, just looked at Sherlock and agreed. “Yeah.”
Sherlock propped himself up to look at John. “It's the first time you ever told me.” he passed remark.
“So, what the hell are you doing, John?! Deliberately starving yourself?! Trying to punish yourself for something that's not your-”
When John did finally make it to the top, the children started crawling off around the living room as the Omega took off his jacket. He stuck his head around the corner into the kitchen as he called out a greeting to Sherlock and froze. Five tiny humans picked up instantly on the change of mood in their purist parent and directed their attention back at him. “What are you doing here?” There was no joy of reunification in John's voice, no relief on his face. Sherlock was instantly alerted, standing down to leave the field to John, but ready to step in should their visitor get any ideas.
John chuckled proudly. “That's what I've been teaching you: You're impatient, too eager. You always prepared yourself for hours on end, there was no resistance left whenever I got to you, next to no friction. I always just worked myself right to the edge before coming upstairs because I knew you weren't gonna satisfy me.” he said, pressing a kiss against Sherlock's shoulder. “You had to learn somehow.”
“How d'you know?” Greg asked, kneeling down in front of him to see his face turned toward the floor.
“Maybe you shouldn't work the case.”
The worst thing probably was, that his hunger didn't seem to go away. Usually, he simply wasn't hungry and now he barely fit his trousers any longer – sure, they were slim tailored in the first place, but that was rather the sense behind tailored suits; now, when he buttoned them, the fat on his hip pushed out over the waistband and his tight shirts didn't make it any better.
“Caesarean section, Sherlock, not exactly a home-birth method.”
John and Sherlock looked at each other. “Yeah, we'll take the private classes.” said John for the both of them.
“Yeah, obviously.” John repeated very flatly. He absently stared into the dip in Sherlock's leather armchair.
If you've got prompts for other fics or maybe fanart (which I'm equally crappy at, yes), drop them over on my tumblr (http://kinkmerighthererightnow.tumblr.com/) as an ask or a message. Also, if you've got criticism or anything else, throw it at me in the comments or also on tumblr!
John looked like he was suddenly smacked in the face with both pity and amusement. “It's really not easy to settle into a secondary gender like that, is it?”
He turned Sherlock back on his side. The Omega winced with a bite of pain. “I love you.” he said after a pause and, feeling his heart swell as he thought it over, he found he meant it.
“Shut up, Sherlock.” John said, removing himself from around Sherlock's waist.
John seemed to understand: he pushed in a third finger, giving a hard suck on Sherlock's cock, leading him to his first, hardly satisfying, orgasm that had his back arching, his head and heels pushing into the mattress, face screwed up and John sucking in all of the ejaculate he could take.
That seemed to hit John square and he averted his gaze, that guilt back on his face. Sherlock was almost tempted to go and try the soft approach now, but he'd done that before and it hadn't done anything, so now, he would stand strong for his point. John mumbled something Sherlock didn't catch. “What was that?”
Sherlock, thinking they'd had quite enough drama for the next few weeks and not liking people talking down at John, rose from his chair. “Well, I do. Get out of this house.”
“You're giving me
He decided it was best not to shout and with wild hand gestures, he told the captive Omegas to make a run for it. The first few didn't need to be told twice, the others soon followed like a herd of sheep. John kept his eyes peeled for the little boy they came for and was shocked at how many minors were in this crowd. He was only able to identify the right boy by his scent, the ripeness of which made John feel a pang in his chest. He must have been approaching heat.
In bed they lay side by side for a long while, cuddling, tracing light patterns with fingertips, kissing, enjoying. They finished of the day with Sherlock climbing on top of John, kissing him deeply, sliding down between his legs and sucking him off with expertise while stroking himself to completion.
“No, Sherlock, I just mean, it is very, very likely you already are. First heat's always the one when an Omega is most fertile and I do like to think of myself as still virile, not matter my age.”
fine. We just need to get back there. You, me and our four pups of which one just happens to turn out disabled.” There was a heavy pause in which they looked at each other, knowing. Still, it had to be said aloud. “I want this for us, John.”
John was sitting in the shower, trying to ease a bit of tension out of his aching muscles with the too hot water. It was almost enough to make him stop feeling nauseous. With a quick glance at his mobile, he left the warm embrace and dried himself off, dressed and got ready for work.
! John was damaged, he had deduced it the day they had met: PTSD – John, as an Alpha, was hypersensitive to stressful situations, in his case the endangerment of the well-being of his close relationships, closest being Sherlock and their pup. By staying away, John tried to help so as to not push and pressure Sherlock with both psychical
Alpha?! What the hell was he thinking?! He was clearly losing it.
The Alpha was unimpressed. “Alright, Fuck You. Where's your family? You got a number of Mr or Mrs You in your pocket? Got a phone?” Sherlock didn't reply. The Alpha licked his lips. “Look, I know you probably don't want your parents to know, but I have to get you to a hospital for a detox. Kid your age and shape, I'm lucky you're still alive.”
He watched them toddle off and stood to hang up his jacket before approaching Sherlock. “Were they alright?”
“He won't make it.” John simply breathed, trying to get his body back under control.
“Wait,” John caught up, “Mummy?” he was confused. These people, this nice and lovely elder couple, the parents of Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes.
“I am not supposed to talk to hostages without direct orders.” the man replied evenly, stopping in his tracks nonetheless.
Greg shrugged, but the twist in his lips remained. “I'm just saying John's a nice guy.”
I'm a horrible person.
Sherlock grabbed his arms as John swayed and carefully leant him against a house wall. “What do you mean? How do you know?”
He rolled his eyes and sighed deeply. “Honestly, I don't care what you do with... Iva?”
“You are so unbelievably beautiful! I could just fuck you all day long.. God, you're driving me crazy!” he'd breath with the tone of painful effort of holding back.
The only problem he had, was that he never knew just how far Sherlock was planning to go. While he liked getting fatter, he couldn't see himself madly obese, living between bed and sofa, stuffing his face all day long. Judging by the many years he'd known Sherlock, that likely was far from the madman's mind.
“Or when I make fun of Mycroft.”
4 times! Didn't you see her chewing on her bottom lip? Someone wearing lipstick regularly doesn't move their lips in that fashion – she was anxious, has been for a couple of days. She tasted the lipstick every time she wore it off her lips and simply stopped putting it on. Breaking a habit like this takes a few days, if not weeks. When I saw her first, she was still wearing some though, so there must have been a trigger
“Yes, and I have been protesting this for just as long! Had any of you ever paid the slightest bit of attention to my
“I know.” John murmured back. “I never thought I could find such pleasure in a man's body.”
Silent pride and smugness also decorated John's face as he nodded his head, then looked straight ahead with his chin high as he said “Thank you.”
John didn't mind his attitude. John didn't mind his habits. Well, at least not honestly. The curses and rows were no complaining per se and he knew because at the end of the day, John always came back.
Sherlock was focused on cleaning the sticks, but talked over the flow of hot water. “It's your first time and five are not the easiest beginner's pack. Personally, I think you are doing incredibly well. I know I couldn't do what you're doing currently.”
He curled up on his side, it was dark outside and the tiny window let through just a bar of light that shone onto the floor. If it was moonlight, at least he could calculate roughly what time it was, but instead it was cold and artificial. He felt as if someone had thoroughly punched him in the gut and he was sure he'd be throwing up soon if he was kept away from John for much longer. He didn't know much about the Alpha/Beta/Omega dynamics and much less about different aspects of bonds, let alone soul mates, so he just hoped being separated from his Alpha like this for long wouldn't cause him to miscarry because that was surely what he felt like at the moment. On the other hand, that might just as well be the stress' doing.
“Yes, what a terrible odour suppressants can produce.” Mycroft said with clear sarcasm tingeing his voice.
“John...” Sherlock whimpered, tears welling up in his eyes. John simply held him, comforted him by being present.
Sherlock inhaled deeply and pulled his mouth into a downward bow as if pondering that question very hard. He wasn't really, of course. “No,actually I'd prefer you not relying on me with your worries and emotional comfort-seeking, but I suppose that's unavoidable due to our bond anyway. No, I won't consult your opinion simply because I don't think it would be too wise a decision. I'm a Consulting Detective after all, I'll solve the mystery myself.” he replied, a smug and arrogant expression in his eyes.
“It was the brother's girlfriend!” Sherlock told him in an annoyed manner.
“You know, we're not meeting up to shag.” John had an adoring smile on his face that Sherlock obviously didn't much like.
“This is so humiliating...” he said, covering his face with a hand as he rolled onto his side, calves pressed to his thighs so strongly, his feet covered the dampening seat of his trousers.
“Is there anything else you can tell us? Anything at all?”
“Have you called up an ambulance?”
His eyes were glued to her. She reminded him of someone or something, but he couldn't put his finger on it. They all did. Sherlock couldn't remember ever really interacting with pups, apart from when he was a small wriggling worms himself and that one time he was made to wait in the car with cousin Jen's baby son, who'd been asleep and woke up to his mother scolding Sherlock for wrapping the seatbelt around his little chair to find the most efficient baby protection a car had to offer. Thinking back it was most likely to have broken the boy's neck at the car's first brake, but it would have been a discovery nonetheless.
John looked down unimpressed. “I don't want you to.” he whispered and for once, Sherlock was glad he had miscalculated.
“Seventeen in January.”
At some point, though, the food was indeed forgotten when Sherlock lost himself in nibbling at John's soft jawline and the doctor took the precaution of putting the plate down on the bedside table, unwilling to interrupt Sherlock's ministrations.
“This is none of your business, Mycroft, go and help yourself to a cake in some ridiculous café!” Sherlock snapped, waving his hand in gesture to dismiss his brother.
Sherlock's gaze and voice were hard, but his words still sounded soft to John. “Pardon?”
“You're getting softer around the middle.” John whispered acknowledging the curves of Sherlock's muscles beginning to subside.
Yes, Sherlock's safe word is honeybee.
Lestrade gave him a scrutinising look. His frown turned into a surprised open-eyed stare. “Are you-.. Sherlock, you... John, did he-... What happened this last month?!” he settled for to ask, clearly not wanting to embarrass himself by asking the wrong question.
“Contrary to what people might believe, I actually liked being different, socially incompatible and strange. Mental dysfunctions and psychological illnesses do not necessarily mean disadvantages to the 'infected'. I was protected from feelings like emotional pain, angst and, in general was shielded from deep emotionality. Now I'm worrying myself sick about children that aren't even born – I usually don't even care about children. Being 'the heartless bastard' kept me safe from idiots and only the compatible people were even able to stay around me, endure me. That's how I knew it was you, John.. It has always been you, from the very first moment, since my very first deduction about you. You weren't repelled, you weren't even angry, although I revealed your family's dysfunctionality, your weaknesses in the blink of an eye and in the presence of another person. It's always been you. John, I never was interested in sexual activity, as you know, but not just because I hadn't presented, but I didn't even have the barest desire to experience any of it; now I can't let go.. Even as a friend, you have...
“Mh,” John hummed stirring, “I was rather late, too, though, admittedly, not nearly as late as you managed.” Sherlock could hear the grin in his tone. Sarcasm; John was trying to be funny. “Alphas usually present at the age of 11 or at least twelve I was fourteen and it was textbook.. I was at school. Fifteen minutes into the lesson I started to feel uncomfortable, but thought nothing of it. Suddenly, however, my hips snapped up and I was weirded out of my wits, but I just acted as if nothing had happened nobody seemed to have noticed. A couple of minutes later it happened again, though more forcefully and my chair moved a couple of inches. It was only then, when I had the first three Omegas in our class look at me hungrily, the Alphas challenging, that I realised what was going on and I stood and fled the classroom to get to the toilets – I must have looked so shocked and I was, I honestly was so out of my wits right then.. I locked myself in one of the cubicles, trying to think of a way to deal with the situation as I felt my body warming up, my cock hardening and,
, so badly, I rutted against my hand as I intended to readjust my erection in my trousers. Christ I was so horny and at the same time so embarrassed, I started to cry and stifled my moans with my other hand. My classmates fortunately took it with humour and none of them made real fun of me, but I'll never forget how I waited for hours for school to end so I could leave the bloody loo again!” John ended with a chuckle.
“Not a good time, I'm afraid, Mrs. Hudson.” John answered resentfully.
“No...”
They drank coffee in silence, John relaxed in his armchair, Sherlock retreated to the couch in a pout. He tried, but he couldn't figure out just what it was that John wanted.
Dr. Field grinned a little. She was quite intelligent and seemed to have long understood that Sherlock was a difficult person and John wasn't much of a social man either. “Good, here is a pamphlet with the different midwives we recommend. You can take that home and decide until your next appointment so that we can arrange for you to get familiar as soon as possible with the chance of switching should you not see them fit.” John nodded, taking the paper from her, pocketing it.
“Hm? We only just got back.”
John wandered out to the building's entrance to get himself a coffee. He was down to bracing himself against walls, tremors shaking his body and an old friend ramming needles into his leg. He felt so miserable. His head twitched and jerked into the wall, hitting it hard multiple times. When the open area made him visible to the nurse at the front desk, the young man pushed himself out of his chair to assist, but John raised a trembling hand.
The young doctor was silent for a moment, obviously concentrating, but there was more to the slightly nervous way she moved the stick around on him and he frowned deeply in concern. A quick look between the couple had John know what Sherlock had worked out and he could feel how John's anticipation was drained out of them both and replaced by naked fear.
You thought it'd get better, didn't you? Well, pity, I like to be mean :)
John had just been on his way to the kitchen, but now turned around to frown at Sherlock. “What?!”
The meal finished, he still didn't feel anything. Not drugged then.
“Yes, not good, but okay. You might have noticed he's gravely underweight for his stage and the pups have stopped in their development as a result. We're pumping him as full as we can without him throwing it all up again, but it'll take a couple of weeks until we can release him. That's when we'll know whether or not the embryos have taken to the belated nutrition and continue growing again.” The doctor explained and John just nodded. They were okay. They were
“You want me to come with you?”
Sometimes he got distracted by other thoughts and John would eventually pull him out of it in the late evening hours to have dinner and then go to bed, not caring whether Sherlock wanted to or not. There was sex before sleeping, so Sherlock always wanted. With his heat, he had discovered he was disgustingly addicted to having John's thick penis up his tight arse. He just felt complete, sated, full, like the whole in his heart was stuffed by John showing him his love as he gently, lazily gave slow thrusts, cradled him in his lap and pushed him up and down against the headboard or, rather rarely, leaned over his back as he served him from behind in a frantic and punishing rhythm that left them both breathless. The very best thing about their bond, however, was when John bit him, favourably during sex after he'd whispered compliments and praises into his neck. Warm breath caressing the tender flesh of the ever-open wound as his mate filled with overwhelming passion and the longing to be closer to John, although they were already as close as physically possible.
With every forkful, Sherlock's efforts, and innuendos, got more obvious. He was just suggestively licking the thing for ten seconds after having cleaned it and John was just watching him, apparently unimpressed. The Omega let his posture fall. “You were so excited for me to grow big with this pregnancy. Is it not what you expected? Do I look disgusting to you now?”
“Honestly, John. Pregnancy, dominance – how many kinks do you have?”
“Just locum work.”
Where was his rational mind?!
There must have been a look on Sherlock's face, that he wasn't aware of himself, but in John it had certainly triggered a very, very guilty feeling. “Calm down, John, it's not your fault. It... It was me, I do apologise, and I realise this must be a rather compromising circumstance for you, but I assure you, I would never tell a soul. This is entirely my fault-”
“Huh, looks like you've got them perfectly under control.” John plopped down beside the Alpha and watched the children as they turned the plushy to face them as they talked to it about something to do with ...pudding? “Really, I'm grateful to you for helping like this. I know this isn't what you wanted when you took me in.”
It was about time he got what he needed.
He shook his head free of the grip. “I don't care who or what you are.”
Lastly, I'll have to admit to you, that I am incredibly lazy and therefore almost never re-read my own texts. Any misspelled words or even misused vocabulary - let me know, I'll correct! (I'm not a direct native speaker, so, yeah, that can happen.)
They lay down afterwards, John holding Sherlock close. “I love you, John.” the Omega murmured and buried his nose in his mate's chest.
“No!” John said strictly, wanting to end this argument as quickly as possible. “Not happening, you hear me?”
Another smirk spread across the Alpha's face at that. Lovely, the patronising was back. “You're very loyal, very quickly.”
“Shut up..!” there was a mewling sound, that confirmed John – Sherlock was too far gone himself already. It was the same mewling every time, John had remembered it as one of the standard noises Sherlock made during sex. It was a high-pitched, strangled sounding little sound that marked the point of no return for the Omega. There followed a series of moans that always sounded like Sherlock was surprised about having sex – something John would never really understand, but appreciated for the arousing effect they had. When Sherlock had rutted himself to his climax, he leaned forward heavily, trapping John between the chair and himself. The Alpha followed just a second later.
It was in that third week, that John dragged him along to see a doctor.
“Just.. What happened-”
Mrs Hudson came scuttling out of her flat and told them to go upstairs, where the police were waiting for them, pretending to be looking for drugs. Or not quite pretending, they were thoroughly searching the flat. One of them came downstairs from John's room, carrying a box. “I have been living with this man for months, I am a doctor, I can assure you he has not taken any drugs in all this time!” he protested against their belongings being disturbed. He could see how much it bugged Sherlock. DI Lestrade kept nagging at him and the Alpha looked almost.. betrayed? He reminded John of a child accused of lying when they were actually telling the truth. He couldn't help but side with Sherlock, even if that meant going against the police.
John moved his mouth over his chin and along his neck while positioning himself between Sherlock's legs once again and lapping at the crook between neck and shoulder, preparing the skin for a bite, as he guessed, in the most arousing and heartbreaking way, as Sherlock just lay there, still, stunned into paralysis.
Sherlock looked beyond offended and outright hurt by John's telling look at him, so it didn't come as a big surprise when his reply was more a quip than anything else. “Well, if I embarrass you-”
While the Alpha was biting at his neck, Sherlock's head bobbed to the side, finding John holding himself up merely by his arms' strength. It made sense – the sofa wasn't very spacious and their positions didn't allow for John to balance himself any differently. It did give Sherlock a nice look at the Alpha's physique, though, and, as much as Sherlock loathed to admit it, it was the typical Omega's wet dream. He was just unnaturally strong; each muscle an exaggeration, ridiculously big and defined. He followed his arm's curvy line back to his torso and down his back. There, rhythmically moving with his rutting, were his buttocks, round and breathtakingly firm underneath his trousers.
He didn't care about what others thought of him, he never had. He was born with this body, he knew and accepted how he was biologically destined to look this way – he only ever tried to look good enough for himself and he found tight shirts and slim tailored dark suits suited his dark curls and pale skin and eyes well. Being fit was a benefit his job brought and he wouldn't change anything only because he had presented as an Omega now. Alphas didn't like tall and muscular Omegas anyway. Well, except John, apparently. John liked to copulate with him nonetheless and when Sherlock got bored, he made use of that fact. Like the other day, when he had laid between his and John's armchairs, John working on his laptop, and he had lifted the device out of his lap, with his foot, and placed it on his own chair. John hadn't protested, just looked at Sherlock disbelievingly for a second and then had followed many minutes of John roughly pushing him over the wooden floor.
John put his mug down on the coffee table and pushed him back into the cushions. Tea sloshed against the sides of Sherlock's mug, but the Omega didn't dare move to put it down. The Alpha moved between his legs, shoving them apart as much as he could in that confined space. The towel parted after a certain point, laying him out bare underneath John, who rubbed his denim-clothed crotch against his. The friction was hard and cruel and, surprisingly, satisfying. There was no doubt that John was merely rubbing his scent all over him – a very primal thing to do and likely not entirely intentional, but pleasant to the instinctual side of a person.
“That's not really a statement that conveys a lot of trust, Sherlock. Essentially, you're saying that you expect me to fuck up and that, when I do, you'll hit me back.”
“Maybe. But maybe rather not with the soup.” John chuckled.
“Good to see you all cheered up.” Greg commented with a grin directed at John, who gave him a small smile, focusing on Sherlock again.
John cast a look to where Sherlock's ankle was bruised and cuffed, gently fighting himself free of the anxiously clinging Omega to search the dead Alpha for keys. After hearing a miserable sound out of Sherlock's throat, John was happy to find a bundle of keys quickly, returning to his mate's side.
Enjoy the (short) prologue!
They were starting to grow out of the reclusive phase, ready to learn from their parents, or in this case just John. He blew a raspberry on the curved stomach before buttoning the onesie again. Alex was still giggling on John's arm as they went downstairs, where Mrs Hudson was already entertaining the rest of them before having breakfast together. Sherlock was on the couch in the living room, waiting patiently for the kitchen table to be cleared for his next experiment.
“It wasn't really an issue until now. You were never this disturbed by the thought – what's wrong?”
“Well, I know what I want.” Sherlock replied, dragging his words a little, sounding uncharacteristically cheery. “And wooden furniture. Ash. With some colourful highlights to make it warm.”
“Now.”
There he was, slowly curling up further and further the more painful his cramps got and knocked the air out of his lungs.
Now, I know I might have sounded a bit snappy in the notes on the last chapter and I won't even deny, that that is just what I'm like, but I'd like you to know, that, generally, I'm a rather non-bity person. Just so you don't fret leaving me comments ;)
How could he do that? The Omega could clearly feel the bones on John's shoulders, his shirts were hanging off his body, looser than ever.
He didn't want to hear it. “Get. Out!” His insides were flaring with worry and unease. His pup was in danger. He couldn't have his pup in danger. He needed to protect his pup.
John considered, but knew it was unwise to question Sherlock in this. “..Okay.”
“Thank you.” Sherlock replied. Not that he wasn't feeling well enough for other visitors, but he could barely tolerate the staff in his room beside his mate at the moment. John knew that was the real issue. John always knew. “Your hand.” he gently instructed and John held out the limb for Sherlock to take. He brought it up to his face, rubbed his cheek on it to overwrite the foreign scents of the tube, then lifted his gown and lead the
“My stuff.” Sherlock butted in.
wages-”
Also, I wanted to briefly mention something: I am not new to the A/B/O universe in general, just never participated actively. I do know a lot of theories on biology and all, but I, as a biologically interested person, am taking my own shot at it, interpreting my way and developing own theories and dynamics. So, you might find things that haven't been written about, thought of or whatever yet, but keep in mind, that this story is my own interpretation and how it all works for me. This also translates in the characters as I expect it to do.
They locked eyes and broke into chuckles after a second.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Before last week you seemed quite anti the idea. What's that change of heart all about?”
the killing-”
John was too good for him. He was concerned and forgiving and Sherlock was just toying with him like he was his personal entertainer. He humbly shut his eyes as the familiar hand carded through his hair. “Still last week's incident? I know, Sherlock... but you've got to let that go. Nothing happened, hm? We're all fine, love.”
But no matter how much he tried to convince John, the Alpha simply wouldn't stop cooking extra portions, knowing full well, that Sherlock wouldn't even think about how much he ate because he was tuning off every time he started sating his hunger until there was no more food his fork could grab. No, of course John didn't stop – rather encouraged him further to stuff himself. Granted, an Alpha was supposed to be protective and nurturing when their Omega was pregnant, at least that's what he had read, but Sherlock knew it was that awful kink of his; he'd seen it, the beaming eyes when Sherlock filled his plate with whatever John had cooked; the hunger in his gaze when he touched Sherlock's abdomen, the kisses and nibs he gave the area, praising how well Sherlock fed their pup, how large it would get; the excited thrust on the rare occasions when John
John had now been ignoring his phone for a week before the messages stopped coming. Even if he wanted the reunion and even if he was interested in giving anyone from his past a chance for redemption, he had neither time nor mind to spare on such things. He was glad to say he could indulge in being very tied in with work at the surgery and when he's not busy being a doctor, he's usually busy being a dad. If he still finds a minute of boredom despite these two jobs, he gets asked by Sherlock to accompany him on, mainly minor, cases, to... well, mainly to give his opinion, John guessed or at least to listen while Sherlock thought aloud. The past is best left inthe past in his humble opinion. Actually, he didn't even know how anyone beside Sherlock, Mycroft, Greg and a few people from work would have gotten his mobile number. Someone must have blabbed.
He couldn't say he was hurt by this. After all, he'd just appeared in Sherlock's life and had nothing to do with his profession. That didn't mean that John would not have liked t be included. The Alpha's cases sounded like adventures and anyone knowing John, knew that the Omega desperately needed some of those. He was withering away in the flat. Eat, sleep, shower, repeat. He walked, yes, but the further his pregnancy got, the less he trusted himself to take walks. It wasn't so much that he couldn't move around easily any more – he was build to survive carrying large litters after all – but more that people's stares grew longer and more obvious every time he left the flat. While he could still walk appropriately, he couldn't run. Much less, he couldn't fight off hungry Alphas, and, right now, anyone looked like a predator to him. At times he wished Sherlock would claim him, even if just by rubbing his scent off on him and fucking him and leaving him to deal with himself after. At least then he knew his place. He'd never felt this vulnerable before.
“What is your relationship with my brother?” Right. To the point, then. That was the kind of conversation John liked and could get into. What he didn't like, though, was Mycroft's tone. It was serious in a way, that only parents seemed to know, usually.
Edit: I think you guys need to realise something, though. I am a very psychological person and much, much less a physical one. When you're talking "strength" and "dominance", I am guaranteed to write a /story/, a character with those characteristics, not a vessel with muscles but no soul. I will always try to keep within the realm of the possible for the characters that we know and love, since I believe that is what makes a good author (which I, by no means, am). If you expect me to present you a shell without a core, I am sorry to tell you, that you've got the wrong author, and quite possibly the wrong genre of fiction. I can write you a book like that, but I refuse to adapt characters from existing stories and manhandle them into a wet dream that their personalities wouldn't normally allow them to be.
“I don't intend to fight with you in front of your children.”
John frowned thoughtfully at Sherlock's rather surprised look. “Is it?”
“Yes.”
Sherlock seemed to be taking it the wrong way. “John, I think I should emphasise that I consider myself married to my work and while I appreciate your company, I'm really not looking for any-”
Sherlock looked a tad embarrassed as he drew back and thanked John in a low tone, but then John found it just as hard to look the Alpha in the eye. “So, exactly what's the plan? Judging by that case you were working when we first met, I assume you don't know where this circle might be sitting or else it wouldn't be there any more. So, are we just going to wait until that Beta leaves the house and then follow her?”
John didn't do more than blink and answer “no, couldn't. Have a whole week of night shifts.”
perfect mate.
As soon as he was completely spent, Sherlock lay down the dirty tissue, swallowed the rest of the bitter fluid and climbed up the sofa, pulling John's trousers back up with him, and settled back into his lap.
“Does the same go for you?” John asked and the question seemed to be the first critical hit in the man's posture. He faked an enquiring look, so John pushed on. “Tommy's a Purist, isn't he? Where's his twin?”
“You're saying you're my friend, then?”
“Yellow.” he mumbled, smacking his lips lazily, knowing John was already up and listening.
“Why did you present so late? And why did you not react to that 'uncomfortable feeling'?” Sherlock questioned. John wasn't stupid, he should have known what was possibly happening, especially with his interest in biology even back then, he deduced.
John smiled, but his expression became apologetic shortly after that sentence. “I'd seriously hate to ask him that, but I'd be happy to do something at yours if I could bring them along?”
John's eyebrows drew together curiously as he braced himself for whatever madness Sherlock may have stored in there. To his great surprise, the only items not usually in there were some modified paper cups with plastic sticks standing erect in them. He grabbed one of the, now miniature, cups and peeked inside. “Are these...?”
“It would be
Just when he brushed in again, stroking what must have been his prostate, releasing a brand new spark of spiking pleasure, giving Sherlock the one peak that he had missed in the stimulation of his cock as it stretched out into his tip, he orgasmed again, more powerful, but with just as little satisfaction as before.
“No. No, Sherlock, stop! Please! Plea-” a pause, then a shaky exhale.
“Another.” Sherlock's hand asked, holding the spoonful of ice cream under John's nose.
After undressing the older man, Sherlock carefully lowered himself onto John's cock.
“Unless you absolutely don't want me to, yes, I will.” John replied, placing a kiss where his mouth was touching Sherlock's skin, only then finding that he very much liked kissing Sherlock's chest and therefore continued doing so, kissing and nipping along the pale flesh until settling for one of the sensitive rosy buds.
“I'd still.. enjoy it.”
“No, as a parent, one is always responsible for their children, there's no doubt in that, but you aren't their clown. It's not your job to entertain them all waking hours, even beside daycare. Look at them now, they are perfectly content playing on their own. All you need to do is trust more in your instincts and tone down your alertness. Responsibility, yes, but you're being a little to tense about it. Allow yourself to relax a little, please.”
Sherlock nodded in acknowledgement. “Routine. Good.”
“Because I can't. It doesn't feel right. I have lost every right to touch you when I failed protecting you like a worthy Alpha should. It just feels like I'm.. forcing myself onto you..”
There was staring. Sherlock saw that John was honestly calm and serious, god, he
find you disgusting. Not even in the slightest. You are.. You are breathtakingly beautiful and you're getting prettier by the day. You are beyond desirable.”
Dialogues and Monologues.
When John could hear cruel beeping and the rough bursts of his own breath, he snapped to attention, instinct calling out on what he had witnessed right before he passed out like the useless Alpha trash he was. The male nurse was over him immediately gently pushing him back to lay him on the pillow again. “Come on Doctor Watson, back down. You look like you haven't slept in a while and-”
The time between John leaving with all his pups and returning without them was a rare case of blurred memories. Something about adopting dogs, he thinks. Or maybe that was a metaphor. He doesn't remember and it scares him a little.
https://www.tumblr.com/blog/kinkmerighthererightnow
“Well, no. But Sherlock has made it clear he doesn't want an Omega or children around the flat. He's done enough for me, I don't want to bother him any more.”
His eyes automatically shut tight against the stilling movement of the Alpha, tears welling, jaw clenching as his seed began to spill inside Sherlock. It was disgusting.
“The certainty that my nieces and nephews are well off? I think it is fairly obvious that Sherlock will be the only one to continue the family-line. Considering that makes me an uncle and our parents very happy, it is in my best interest to see to their safety and comfort.”
Sherlock watched him lay out the lettuce in front of himself. “They're getting quite big now. And heavy.”
He didn't watch hungrily as Sherlock fought to do up his buttons on his shirt or the button on his trousers; simply pretended to be occupied with his own clothing.
“Because that's how humans work, we need change.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don't want to use my phone, number's on my website. Chances are it could be recognised.” Sherlock brushed him off and waited till he could hear John pick up the paper with the number on it. “These words exactly: What happened at Lauriston Gardens, I must have blacked out. 22 Northumberland Street. Please come.”
The blond considered him for a moment, red eyes with deep, dark rings, pale and crackling skin, shaking torso as he couldn't leave the ground without his nourishment.
He knew he shouldn't enter, he really did, but, honestly, the auction society was cracked and John was immensely bored. He didn't have a job and couldn't begin to hope to get one in his condition, and Sherlock, after solving the case and staying awake for what looked to John like
“So I could, technically, impregnate you?”
“Well- I mean- uh...” John stammered and Sherlock recapitulated what exactly it was that defined a couple in a romantic relationship. Love, passion. They had that. Closeness, trust. Check. They even lived together.
“I know, John. I shouldn't have snapped at you like that.” Sherlock admitted, taking spoonfuls of soup rather hastily. He felt positively starved after more than 6 hours without food. His body was getting used to the amount of food he consumed.
“God, no!”
But John was there, ready to step into action should anything happen. It was him back inside the hospital and it was him out here. He was aware there were still a couple of Mycroft's men staying close, keeping an eye out for them, but outside Sherlock depended on him more. Outside they'd take longer to come up to them in trouble than inside. It soothed him a bit.
Breakfast was relatively silent between the two of them. When seeing John not touching a bit of what Mycroft had ensured for him,Sherlock had promised John to eat the equivalent of what he ate by scale. Since Sherlock's hospital meals were rather small, that meant he'd take a bite for every full slice of bread, spoonful of beans or fruit John took. The Alpha, of course, had been against that, but as he saw Sherlock wasn't even taking a sip of his tea, he surrendered and started forcing an apple down. Sherlock in turn bit off his bread, chewing slowly, cautious not to upset his recovering stomach.
ways.”
and now you're going after a suspected
“Of course not. Do you want me to send a taxi for you?”
The Omega chuckled. “I will.” There was a pause. “Thank you.”
“At the moment, it's looking that way.” the detective declared and dashed for the door, John right on his heels with a thankful hand gesture and Greg behind them after thanking her properly.
In the night blurring week three of his kidnapping into week four, Sherlock faces more enemies than the obvious creep. Ironically, it might just lead to his rescue.
“I want to-” through the open door, they could hear someone entering the house with a key. That settled the cause. “-speak to him.”
“I think it will help you see that there is nothing wrong with asking for help. Mycroft may be an alpha arsehole, but he has his reasons, as far as I know, and you're not one of them.” he said, trying to appease John, who was clearly not in the state to fight anymore anyway.
Sherlock looked flatly at Greg's know-it-all smirk. “I appreciate his efficiency.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Smirks pulled at their lips.
Sherlock scrutinised him in mock exasperation. “What kind of Alpha are you?!”
“Hm?” Sherlock could only ask dumbly. He had no idea what John was talking about, but he didn't really care. They were here, together, all three of them, on the kitchen floor, cradled against the counter, John's arms around him and his scent giving him that deep contentedness.
“You did not rape me. I might have-. I might not have agreed to it all had I expected it. But I was the one who lured you in. Just because you're an Alpha, doesn't mean you can't get sexually assaulted, so actually, I would have been the one assaulting you, leading to your thinking I was receptive, which I was and.. It doesn't matter what way we play it out, John, we would always end up here. Illogical as it is, we're 'meant to be'. The kidnapping, that was a risk of the work. I wouldn't have needed to be pregnant for all that to happen. Although I am lucky it happened after I had lost my virginity to another Alpha because, otherwise, it might have had psychological impacts on me that I would deny, of course. We're not fine. But we can be. We
Apparently, he had forgotten to detach himself because John was eyeing him with deep concern, having stopped in his movements and standing there, in the middle of the room, two sets of dishes in his hands. “Sherlock, are you alright?”
When Sherlock had reached the point of finally coming to his senses with the seizures, it only seemed all the more crippling to John because he knew Sherlock was mentally back, but had no control over what his body did yet. The only times John had ever felt that way was when he had presented and when he'd gotten shot. And he hadn't liked either of them. Feeling powerless in the body you have controlled for as long as you've known had scared him and maybe it was his alpha nature that made that experience even worse, but at least he usually had his mind and body working together, unlike Sherlock, who mainly made everything dependant on his brain.
careless! I have chosen an adequate mate, conceived a child – I am only three weeks along, Mycroft and I have only decided I will keep it a week ago! Excuse my not being as perfectly quick as wished for! And anyway, I don't see you with child!” he argued. He couldn't stand Mycroft trying to educate him.
“It's horrible. Losing one pup is painful enough, how could one sacrifice another to try and even it out? It's beyond me.” John did all he could to hold back the sudden rush of tears clawing at his eyes. They died out eventually, but he knew Sherlock had seen them. He could tell the Alpha was currently conflicted about wanting to touch John in a reassuring manner and not wanting to intrude on his private emotions or just assume he had the right to touch whenever he wanted.
John didn't waste another second to pull out his gun and shoot the tall woman in her thigh. With a yelp of surprise and clutching her leg in pain, she tumbled away from Sherlock. By the time she had gathered her thoughts and realised what had happened, she was looking up at John from where she was cowering and his cold stare was enough to keep her down. The lion had become the deer in the headlights and, with one precisely aimed hit, John knocked her out.
“I also don't want a naked Omega running around my flat.” Sherlock stuck one of the cigarettes between his lips and lit it, sucking on the other end of the fag to encourage the fire. He blew out the first cloud of smoke with an expression of utter relief. It was beautiful on him, John thought, but the circumstances weren't quite as much to his liking. He moved to open a window sheepishly. Sherlock looked at him in irritation for a second until John turned back around to face him and realisation dawned on his face. “Ah.” was all the Alpha offered. He moved to the kitchen, opening the window there and leaning to guide the smoke outside, although annoyance clouded his features still.
“Sherlock, are you trying to make me jealous?”
Surprisingly, the jeans weren't as short as he'd thought, but embarrassingly enough, almost as tight as his own had been last week. John wasn't a heavy man in the least, but compared to Sherlock's habitual skeletal shape, he usually looked a bit plump. He really wasn't though. Sherlock was glad to be able to hide behind his big coat.
“I like company when I go out, and I think better when I talk aloud. The skull just attracts attention...”
He did not mind.
“What do you think?!” John panted, searching desperately for support in his mates moving frame.
John looked to Sherlock, who returned his glance, looking sour. “Who was that?” John asked, heart still pumping at a viscous speed, ready for a fight that was neither his, nor an appropriate one. Being oppressed after years in the military weren't doing good on his nerves.
Sherlock lifted his head to look at John's reflection in the mirror: eyes closed, eyebrows curled up. “Did you just-?”
“Why?” It sounded fishy to John the moment the Alpha had opened his mouth. Such offers never came without terms. More importantly, they never came without terms that went against his morals.
Even now he could feel that inexplicable ache and sadness.
John raised his eyebrows in surprised. “Who, Sherlock?” he asked incredulously.
The woman's smile became less and less pleasant. But maybe that was just Sherlock's very subjective perception of her. “I thought you were supposed to be super intelligent? Let's hope your detective skills are better than your people skills.”
Mycroft turned his head toward John, his expression shifting visibly, trying to look superior while knowing he couldn't. “John, I am not against you, I am no opponent. You earn my highest regards for what you have done for your country and what you set yourself on to do for my brother henceforth and I can not possibly speak words that would describe my awe and gratefulness for your bond to Sherlock, but not even you could have made him famous without him helping out Scotland Yard. No disrespect, but this is something important I have to tell my brother.” It always made Sherlock feel that sick satisfaction to see Mycroft lose his calm when facing John.
John looked up in irritation. “What?”
John nodded, cutting the lettuce into squares. “I've noticed. That's good, they're back on their schedule.”
And so, before Sherlock could even straddle his lap 'properly', John was flipping them around, earning the first needy grunt from the brunet. John bit at his bony jaw and Sherlock's hips snapped up in response, accompanied by a heavy huff of breath.
Sherlock looked at John, frowning a little. John answered with a loving kiss, that Sherlock returned only too happily.
John moved over, just reaching the offered seat when his knees gave in and he collapsed by it, eyes wide in shock of the sudden feeling of weakness through his whole body.
Sherlock's breathing became ragged rather quickly, as expected and John took himself in hand to masturbate along to the Omega's arousing noises.
“For being so horrible, maybe?” came back as a reply, all defences up and perceivable in every fibre of the Alpha's being.
All his protests stopped when he felt the large alpha penis press against his hole. He just went limp, shock washing over his body. On his back, he couldn't even avoid looking at the man. His head fell to the side and he stared into the room, but he could still see the movement on the outermost point in his vision. Hard and ruthless thrust, to pleasure the Alpha's needs. His entrance was burning up with the harsh friction and brutal stretching. His insides quietly tore apart as his mind continued to scream for John – more desperately now than ever before. A silent tear rolled over the corner of his eye, but it only marked the beginning of a group-dance across his face. His dirty shirt scratched at his back as he was pushed back with every unforgiving thrust and forth with the Alpha's hands pulling him back in. The pain his belly grew stronger and more agonising by the second and he was secretly wondering if he was miscarrying their pups right now. With a mental cringe, he thought how wonderful that would be, how much it would spare them, how it would save them from living in this world in which idiots ruled society and humanity would spit in your face, chew on your existence and then spit you back out. At least they'd never have to feel any pain. Maybe he'd die in here or would be kept alive and they'd have to grow up like this, never knowing their admirable father, unable to experience the true love of their Omega as Sherlock deteriorated and withered in a corner. They'd never have to see the emptiness in his existence. They'd be free. And Sherlock would envy them.
John initially wanted to have his pups at the hospital, but when labour kicked in 3 weeks early, he was alone in the flat, in his bedroom, looking at photos in a sudden rush of nostalgia. He knew from experience he didn't have much time. Purist's birthing was a lot quicker than the average time a Beta took and he was all the way upstairs. It lately took him about ten minutes to reach the ground floor and with the pups shifting lower, limiting his mobility, he estimated another ten. He wouldn't be able to make it to the hospital after that and laying in the entrance of 221B while pushing out five babies really didn't sound very appealing. He grunted, standing up and gathering all the towels he had upstairs. With a lot of pulling and frustrated noises, he stripped his bed, throwing the first blanket over it before a contraction gripped him. He moaned in pain, curled in on himself a little and breathed through it. Once it was over, he continued throwing towels over his bed: bath towels, hand towels, wash cloths – no matter the size. It seemed a shame to soil these, undoubtedly, expensive cloths, but they were soft and absorbent and John had no time for materialistic thinking.
John just looked at him sympathetically. “I understand.” John replied softly, giving his shin one last rub before forcing his hand to leave the Omega's body. “Anything else I can do?”
“I'm a purist, this should be really easy for me,” John said sheepishly as he followed the Alpha. “And they are purist pups, they should be easy to handle on top of that.”
Life goes on, Sherlock and John are two opposites that don't really attract each other. Whatever had been there when they'd first "met", it wasn't pulling them together.
“No, I just mean that it would feel like you're doing it for my sake.” the Alpha replied, lowering his gaze, disguised by poking at his food.
John watched her leave the platform, then turned back to the card. Apparently she was an editor with an office in central London. He was still not entirely sure he wanted to go for this, but his curiosity was peaked. God knewhe was longing for some human contact and he'd not say no to some good sex. That was surely in it, if nothing else. He put the card into his wallet and drank the rest of his water. He was an adult, he could meet up with someone to have a shag, didn't mean they'd have to get involved romantically. Didn't mean he was signing over his soul to the devil. He'd just have to pick a time where the pups would be asleep and Mrs Hudson would probably not mind watching them a night.
his help, he'd been managing for over a year now with Sherlock doing little more than paying the rent, providing basic things like money for clothing and food and occasionally feeding an early bird or waking John from unintended naps on the floor. Nevertheless, he wanted John to be healthy and happy and that meant he needed more time for himself. Of course, the Omega could work less at the surgery, but he didn't seem to want to and Sherlock wanted to be the absolute last person to ever suggest that, especially after what he knew of John's past, which, admittedly, he didn't think was a whole lot in relation to what was actually all there.
The Omega, taken by the whirlwind that was Sherlock Holmes, but not really surprised any more. It hadn't been the first time. He was just about to settle down in his armchair with a laptop Mycroft had provided, intending to look up daycare centres in the area.
A knock on the door made John release a sigh and he got up to let the doctor in. “Ah, good morning Dr. Watson. Good morning Mr. Holmes. How are you feeling?” the lean man asked, eyeing the food in the room but saying nothing.
John lowered their fists. “I'll manage.” John promised with a smile dancing between gentleness and satisfaction. The Alpha loosened the fist he was holding to entwine their fingers, stepping up closer and stretching up to kiss his mate, who leaned into the touch immediately.
They waited for her footsteps to disappear down the stairs and out the door. Their moods slowly returned to normal. “I take it you know her?” Sherlock asked in a voice that was much less impressive than the meaning behind the words.
Sherlock, having nearly forgotten there were children in the room, turned around to look back at John, for a short moment, they were making direct eye-contact, but as soon as the Alpha noticed the pups looking at him as well, his face hardened and he turned his back on them again.
was right. I don't even want to think about when it's over because this is the longest high I've ever been on and the fall is always tremendous.”
With all his posture and pretending, however, Sherlock finally lashed out as another member of the force insulted the man's professionalism or just his general capabilities.
“Stop lying, John.. Come on...” with that, Sherlock threw back the blanket and budged over a little bit so John could climb in.
release you next week.”
John, hanging up Sherlock's coat on the door, frowned in question. “I'm not going to sleep with you?” he asked, taking the time for Sherlock to answer to look around the sitting room he had just been lead into. It was positively
John let out a breath of laughter. “I don't know, love. Every pregnancy is different. That's your body's issue, really.” Sherlock grunted again, annoyed at not knowing
I know most people don't read long notes, but it is of great importance that you do read the note at the beginning.
“No.”
Expectant eyes focused on Sherlock. “Something must have happened on the way here.”
Nothing he had ever felt. Too much, too much! Yet never enough.
“The idea of me getting big and round with your pup!” he elaborated, taken aback by the fact John might actually find something good in that. Upon realising John's embarrassment, however, he settled for a nicer tone. He could take time to think about this later, maybe when they were both training to control just what the bond should translate between them. “Does someone have a really bad kink here?”
“Out of instinct.. maybe.”
“You're worried you'll fail.”
“As long as you don't expect me to care for them, you can do whatever you like with them. I conduct chemical experiments, however, so make sure they don't touch anything.” Sherlock replied, taking a drag and keeping the smoke in his mouth for a moment before blowing it out the window.
Sherlock took the spoon from John's hand and scooped himself some of the ice cream, licking the metal clean and swallowing before he leaned forward, leaning his temple against John's and whispered into his ear. “I know. I appreciate your compliance, however – I missed my doctor on my cases.” With that, he leaned back again and filled the spoon another time, this time guiding the almost-liquid to John's mouth. The Alpha took it with a confused grin, understanding when Sherlock moved in for a deep kiss.
John let out a deep groan, making his laziness known, but got up in the end. “Right, good night then.” he muttered and shuffled his way upstairs.
“No, I'm sorry for him. Have I disappointed you?” Sherlock replied evenly.
He was positioning it when he informed John further. “Look inside the bag, everything in there is now yours.”
“So, you're just going to get her in trouble without remorse?” John's eyebrows drew together. It wouldn't be the first time Sherlock disregarded someone else's feelings to get what he wanted, but this was an innocent child and if John was honest, he couldn't divorce himself of the constant need to put his own pups in her situation. Thinking about Sherlock treating his children like that made him feel sadder than strictly logical.
After a few seconds of adjusting to the new position, the whole process became easier, Sherlock being able to push in deeper, resulting in him grunting and moaning occasionally against John's mouth, and he also hit the Alpha's prostate every umpteenth thrust, having John gasping and moaning back at him, hands clawing at his back.
“Or maybe both?” John whispered, deciding to occupy their mouths another way – they should save the talking for when the bump was more visible, not ruin the perks of anticipation.
“They're in a stage where they're wary of strange adults?” Sherlock sounded like he was quoting something John had said, but the Omega had no memory of ever saying such a thing. He looked at the Alpha with creased eyebrows and a skeptic question on his face. “You don't think
at age
Sherlock himself was panting, clearly working close to the edge now. John gently let his hands roam up to the centre of the globe that was forming on his mate, eyes fixed on the Omega's face now. He dipped a thumb into the indent of Sherlock's navel and he shouted John's name, semen shooting up against his tummy and John's chin.
Later, John went back to the hospital. He'd agreed on two more months of work just last week, so he could be with Sherlock from his six-months-mark since they reckoned he'd begin to have minor problems then. The first colleague that saw John wanted him to go back home straight away, but he told that nurse off in his doctor's authority. He went to sit at his desk, plastic cup of coffee to his right, phone to his left, always waiting for someone to tell him they found Sherlock.
And Sherlock would be incapable to say any more than John's name as the other's saliva set free a cocktail of hormones when it was applied to prepare the hurt flesh for a renewing bite, that simply knocked all sense and thought out of Sherlock for a minute, sending him back to the blissful place in what could only be named heaven as it had done the very first day they had bonded.
She smirked proudly. “I was afraid you'd say something like economics. So what's your name, Mr Doctor?”
“I'm so sorry, I'll try to get it out. Maybe Mrs Hudson knows a trick or something.” John was twisting back and used his hands to get up, but Sherlock softly held him in place and knelt before him.
“No, I'm not.” John said defensively. “Well, maybe I am... But not because of
“So, John. Mycroft has told us a lot about you. A doctor and army captain? That is
“You blacked out?” John worrying as he realised what he was typing.
Sherlock did as he was told. He was still unsure what and how he'd gotten himself into, but he wasn't entirely unhappy with it. At least, this had been his own decision, even if it had been his dick rather than his brain that had decided. When he next came downstairs, his bed all done neatly with the linen the Alpha had laid out for him, it wasn't long before the doorbell rang. To his great disappointment, he could identify his brother's footsteps on the stairs.
John took a sip and shrugged. “I don't know, I quite like it, actually. It's certainly better than the one we tried out in the beginning..” he replied, musing over the memory of that awful taste. “And your parents didn't seem to mind either.”
“Yes. I have always wanted this.” Although Sherlock could see the mild surprise over that fact on John's face, the Alpha didn't say anything. “Are you manipulating me?!”
Surprisingly, I wasn't actually depressed writing this chapter. Funny, eh?
Sherlock looked at him once and could tell that wasn't the whole truth. “You mean you want them to get more used to seeing me and interacting with me.”
“I'm losing it. I'm losing the pup! I
“Oh, they're content as long as there is tea in the first place.” Sherlock waved his hand gracefully again, rolling his eyes. “Just you wait till Mycroft stays long enough to drink a cup – he'll be leaving in an instant.”
“John, read my lips: I will
Whatever.
They didn't say anything else for neither of them could really think of anything appropriate to the tone of the situation. John unlocked the door to 221 Baker Street as Sherlock paid the cabbie. He felt some of the tension leave his body the moment the familiar scents of his home hit his nose and he felt lighter for sensing the closeness to his pups again.
“It's been a long few days.” John agreed. “Sleep well. And if anything's the matter, I'm upstairs.” he added, squeezing Sherlock's arm again in reassurance.
“Ah, yes, my brother. Well, surely you're aware that you don't seek out Mycroft's attention; he finds you either way. Taking me in as a hostage to get to my brother is like flying a pink helicopter over London to not be noticed.”
“Alright?” Sherlock asked and although John could see a light tremble in his body, too, his voice was steady.
“You're supposed to catch them and keep me safe simultaneously.”
“Do consider these thoughts to be possibilities, John. For the sake of my brother – think and talk about every unfortunate scenario before it gets chance to set in.” he barely heard Mycroft say.
must be doing by now.”
“I am eating like a pig.. I'm getting fat..” Sherlock complained looking down at himself and where John's hands were moving in lazy circles over his shirt, stopping in his preparation of tea.
“Because she is an Omega who killed her boyfriends Alpha sister because she blackmailed him. There was no reason for her, an unlikely suspect to the police, to attack another Omega, especially not a stranger.”
is fucked..” John rasped a defeated cry. “I have
“God- GOD! Sher-haaah....”
“Standing in the kitchen chatting with your alpha friend to avoid entertaining your pups and getting an imaginary pause from feeling responsible?” It was meant to be sarcastic, but it sounded rather scolding towards himself.
On the cab ride John seemed twitchy and Sherlock himself felt a strong pull towards the Alpha, only the picture in his hand stopping him from climbing over to the other side of the car. Four pups.
Alex was already lightly bumping a fist against his chest as he settled back against the headboard on his bed, scooping Kat back up and positioning them both comfortably. He lifted his jumper and undid the front of his chest binder, only realising then how much his breathing had been constricted by it. He sighed as his full breasts sagged slightly, being freed from the squeeze. The two pups latched on like magnets. His head fell back against the wall and he closed his eyes. It was such a new and wonderful feeling every time he fed his children. In contrast to regular Omegas, he produced enough milk to feed all of his pups in a reasonable time and for three meals a day. It felt a bit odd, but mainly it was a wonderful experience to him every time; the closeness he could share with his pups, feeling fulfilled for successfully caring for his babies. In these moments, he could dream of one day having an actual, functioning family with a nice person, a job, a house and all the human warmth he'd desired ever since he'd been a child. Even with his presenting as a Purist, John had never stopped dreaming. Some day, he would love someone and they would love him back for who he is, not what. They would raise these children with him and support his choices in life. He couldn't thank Sherlock enough for having brought him in a position where such a dream might actually become an option. He couldn't bare any more pregnancies and never seeing his children.
They looked, and smelled, like a nice elder couple, a tone beneath their conjoined smells that was oddly familiar.
“I don't know..”Sherlock replied honestly. This would require a lot of consideration and thought.
Sherlock lowered his aching arm from where he'd stretched it out far enough to reach the door. “'Short bath'. Funny. You've been in there for almost an hour, John. I've been knocking for one minute straight. I was about to get up and come in to check on you.”
Sherlock leaned forward, closing the small gab between them then, starting with a soft kiss, which then turned into an assault of more passionate kisses. “How about we skip dinner and walk, and I just ride you?” Sherlock's voice vibrated deep in John's chest as he nuzzled against him softly, lips brushing against John's while he spoke.
Maybe he wasn't suited to be a parent after all, much less the mothering one.
True to his word, they stopped in front of a Victorian house about a minute later. The Alpha rang the doorbell as he couldn't reach his pockets. An elderly woman opened the door. “Oh, John, it's you! And who is this?” she chirped as she stepped out of the way, wiping her hands on her apron and closing the door behind them.
“Do you need any help packing?”
John blushed a little and cleared his throat. “Yeah, um, but- but it wasn't in the.. heat of the moment, as they say..” he confirmed shyly. “We, ah, we talked and, uh, we discussed and we agreed. Kind of.” he stammered, directing his look at Sherlock, searching for help.
John seemed happy to oblige, taking another small step forward to press up against his mate so that Sherlock felt his erection against his arse, his head lulling back to rest on the Alpha's shoulder in response. When John wrapped a hand around Sherlock's cock and began caressing it in various ways before settling for the common pumping and his other hand cupped the underside of Sherlock's growing belly, the Omega began rubbing his rear at his mate's crotch, who started rutting against him lightly, softly murmuring pleas to stop.
“Twenty-nine, Thirty! Ready or not, here I come!” Sherlock announced to the empty flat. Only it wasn't empty. Five miniature people were hiding on this floor. He turned away from the door, shut so no one could waddle out and fall down any stairs, and pretended he hadn't heard someone shuffling underneath the sofa. “Hmm, where could they be...?” he wondered a little too loudly, walking into the middle of the room to look under the desk. Giggles emerged from the couch. Normally, that'd be fair game, but he did say this was the last round before bed, so he'd draw it out just a bit. He tip-toed towards the large windows, curtains drawn at this time, and quickly pulled the fabric away as if to jump someone, but nobody was hiding there. “Hmm,” he voiced again turned around. He ducked around both armchairs and stopped when his eyes 'coincidentally' landed on the space under the sofa, where Jacob was chuckling rather loudly at his little show. He could hear the toddler clap both hands to his mouth, but they both knew he'd been found out. Sherlock got on all fours and crawled over until Jacob couldn't deny any more that he had lost. He laughed heartily as he emerged from his hiding place and fell right into Sherlock's arms. “You scared me a little! I thought the sofa was laughing at me!” he joked and Jacob knew he was being silly.
Sherlock sank back into the examination-chair, releasing a deep breath. “So, I'm not losing the pup?” he breathed.
“It couldn't be cancer, could it?” Sherlock asked, restlessness travelling through his body.
And, God, was John lucky he was the 'chosen one' because despite the assumed lack of experience, Sherlock was one, if not
“... Twilight?”
“You'll let me work when I'm visibly pregnant?”
“You want to help me cook?” John asked disbelievingly, his face staying just as straight as Sherlock's. Still not good, then.
.” He resumed his petting of Sherlock's dark curls. “Need a hand?”
While John had a mild case of 'yeah, I was getting there' on his face, Lisa nodded. “My dad re-married 5 years after Tommy was born. I'm from his first Alpha, Tommy from the second. We now live with dad and a Beta, who's trying real hard to be a good mother to us. She's very nice, but I miss my mum. She died when I was young.”
Sherlock groaned, rolling his eyes.
“I shouldn't say so, no. The embryo's cells have barely formed just yet – it would be some supernatural cancer to develop so quickly on such young cells.” she replied calmly and, indeed, Sherlock seemed a tat more confident.
Mrs Hudson must have heard them because she came stumbling out of her flat with Alex in her arms. “Oh, you are a saint, Mrs Hudson. Thank you so much!”
Hope you like some feels.
John looked up at that, his expression unreadable. “Home?” he asked with a tone of disbelief to his voice. Sherlock kept eye-contact. John wasn't sure whether he'd really seen him nod lightly or if that was just a natural shift, but it was obvious Sherlock meant to confirm. “There really isn't a 'home' for me. Not for people like me. We get either kept against our will or passed on to the next sorry bastard. Family is home. I can't have one.”
“You said you work for the police. Are you working on shutting the auction house down?” John asked. Sherlock merely nodded once. “So, when that happens, you can let me go without risk of me being caught again.” the Omega remarked.
“Well, considering who you are and what sources you'd be consulting, we can come back on what I said earlier: Most studies are only giving an average result. Either that, or even only Beta standards, ironically. Many scientist just assume that Alpha and Omega instincts are so strong, there would be no studies needed in the first place because they'd just figure it out themselves or else get educated by society. Not so Betas – they are almost completely without such instinctual knowledge so they need to be educated, and since Betas were rare throughout most of human history, they are still attractive test subjects to scientists.”
“Then do!”
“Yeah, I'm really glad neither of us does.”
“Hmm, oh! You are actually excited about the prospect of me penetrating you tonight.”
John's head snapped to him, his anger gone from his eyes and replaced by that soft predatory look and subconscious lip licking. “Nice try, Prince Charming, but we need milk.”
A breathy chuckle sounded from his partner at the realisation. “You're in love, Sherlock, it's typical to feel like that.” he explained, pulling Sherlock a bit closer and nuzzling into his hair, breathing in his Omega's scent. Healthy, content, adoring, pregnant.
“No one has really told me why my wife and I are here. We were told you found our boy. We'd like to see him.” said the delicate man, holding the zip on his jacket elegantly, but defensively.
“So, what now?” John asked.
“You didn't know! You've never had a heat before, I've never heard of an Omega being aware of an approaching first heat when it does. This is so not your fault!”
Sherlock, John would say, if he didn't know any better, blushed. “Only, if you wish to, of course. I could understand, if-”
“I'm Lisa.” stuttered the girl, not looking at either of them. “My parent's mustn't know I'm here, promise you won't tell them, please?”
“Show me.” Mycroft said with such self-confidence, John should have felt appalled. Yet, after a moment, he raised his dominant hand into view, unsure what point he was trying to prove any more. Maybe it was curiosity at this point.
“We found our victim in strips..”
“It'll be a few more days at least, Sherlock. You've been gone for a month, they need to get your vitals back up.”
“Because you're a romantic.”
Still, he couldn't fail to notice that Sherlock disapproved of their situation.
John huffed in amusement and cleared his dry throat – painful reflex it turned out. “Sorry, what?”
“John, I am already stuffing myself like a turkey for Christmas dinner, could you please stop fattening me any more!” he snapped back in a whisper, earning himself an offended stare from John. “John, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to sn-”
He fell asleep despite himself and woke up to John gently caressing his shoulder, saying his name. “Dinner's ready, you need to eat.”
“I might have mentioned that's what purists do? Mum said I was talking in full sentences at a little under 2 years old. Not fluent, but coherent. I don't know if they were more worried about me being so quick or Harry being normal..” Something like an old joke crossed John's features and Sherlock couldn't help but admit to himself that he's absolutely gorgeous like this. “Anyway,” John said, shaking his head and lifting Rosie out of the chair, “I expect their first words any day now. Normal babies start at this age and even if for them the words don't have a real meaning yet, the fact that this lot hasn't even really tried yet tells me they're not going to be geniuses. Just like your papa, hm?” John says that last bit to Rosie, sat on his hip, and smiles fondly. Sherlock wants to disagree, but doesn't. He pretends to observe his experiment as John gets the other four to have breakfast. The tissue sample had nothing more to offer him.
Sherlock merely frowned down at him. “Yes. Problem?”
“Maybe she left it at home.”
that through, trying to understand it and it was adorable to see Sherlock Holmes at a loss like this. “Yes.. Yes! Why would you want that? You have been anticipating me fat with your children the moment my heat was over.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned around. “Whatever. Give it a week or a good case and it will be the same again, I don't care.” he put on the kettle. He sounded like he did, in fact, care a lot. “Tea or coffee?”
The Alpha was fighting the urge to grip at Sherlock's hair, obviously so since he fisted the cushions with all the self-control he could hold up, while his head was tossing from side to side and he mewled and gasped and grunted and moaned helplessly, his legs tensing around Sherlock's body. He was close, apparently and the Omega wished to spare him any more teasing, so he squeezed his hand around the tissue that covered John's knot, hollowed his cheeks almost violently and pushed hard against his prostate simultaneously, John arching off the seat with a sharp cry.
“Sorry, bad time?” the detective asked, watching John frantically stuffing a very squishy-looking dolphin into a bag. “I came to talk about the case. I need both your statements, I'm afraid.”
“Yeah,” he answered “but I haven't taken them yet.”
“I can wait in the cafe downstairs?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You finally got the suppressants then?” Sherlock asked him over dinner, which John found peculiar, chatting wasn't normally in the Alpha's interest. Then again, he'd often asked John about medical stuff, perhaps he was just interested in his unusual biology.
“Yeah, yeah, right you can..” Lestrade said, scratching the back of his head. “Bloody hell, you're pregnant!”
“Are we not?”
, John! Those pretentious stories, loaded with exaggerated emotional responses and over-the-top trivia! It's music-hell!”
Sherlock cocked his head, an amused smile playing on his lips. “You would know; trust issues and all.”
“I do hope I'm not keeping you two apart.” Mycroft offered sarcastically after John had been reading and re-reading the text, pondering on the intention.
A knock on the door yanked at his mind. “Hey, love, you alright?” John asked, worry clear on his face as he approached the bed.
John sat Rosie in one of the high chairs and warmed up one of the bottles of milk he kept in the fridge. He placed it in front of her and she reached for it immediately, more curious than hungry, but he assisted her. He then set to make coffee, petting her head and kissing her hair while it brewed. He set down one mug next to Sherlock, squeezing his shoulder to pull his attention to it. He used that moment to speak again. “Can I leave Rosie in the chair a few minutes? Just want to put some clothes on.”
“John...” Sherlock tried to stop him from walking away, and failed horribly. “Can I have some soup? Please?” he tried calming the Alpha, an apologetic look on his face.
And indeed, Sherlock received a text message only half an hour later, containing an address and a picture of what she had found there that could be related.
“Maybe I should.. and maybe we could have a repeat of last week afterwards...” he sang suggestively.
Sherlock, who'd let himself drop back into his leather armchair to wax his violin bow, looked back up sharply. “This is
“That's where opinions differ and two main theories were developed. Some say it's a psychological matter, that, when the Alpha is mentally ready and open to engage in that relationship, meaning that they have acknowledged the deep bond that is already naturally placed between them, they set off a chain of scentless hormones neither can detect. These hormones, however, get into the Omega's body, where they are declared compatible by certain enzymes, which then change their structure to pump them into the blood stream. It then takes a couple of days for the Omega's body to adjust to the new hormones and release its own, starting the reproductive systems and commencing the mating cycles.”
“What? No! Have you sent it?” Sherlock suddenly ushered him.
“Well, then, you probably have some pills around, right? Something to help you sleep?“ Greg asked as he supported John on the way to the bedroom. He didn't put up a fight because he probably just could gather enough strength any more. John vaguely shook his head. Greg sighed as he loaded him off onto the bed. “Okay, I'll get you some so you can sleep, yes? And you're going to call in ill at the hospital.”
“Ugh, what kind of alpha soldier are you?!”
“I've had a little bit of time to think and I made use of it. As long as you can, I am fine with cases, as long as there is not too much running, definitely no fighting and no dangerous confrontations for you. As you said yesterday: I'm going to have to act for two now. And... and I think we should have a talk with your brother.”
“How did you present, John?” Sherlock asked eventually as they were both calm again. They always talked and thought about 'dealing with the trouble later, there is nothing to be done at the moment' and then a second later got tangled up in their worries again. Now, he wanted to have something else to talk about, think about and he wanted to know more about John anyway – he always had, but John wasn't much more talkative than he was himself and he certainly didn't seem keen to share his past with anyone, as neither did Sherlock. However, he figured, as bonded mates, they had a right, no, a duty to learn about each other.
“Slaves don't get paid, sugar.”
“Heavy.” Sherlock replied grumpily.
Well, there was only one way up and if John Watson was anything, then he was thickheaded.
Sherlock merely gave a small but honest chuckle. He was coming back to his old self after all. “Thank you, John.” he said after a pause, in which he had probably considered whether or not it was worth to be said.
Sherlock cursed internally and got up almost violently, stomping over to where the Alpha still sat and shoved the computer away to stretch out over his lap like a cat before rolling in on himself a bit. He still pouted and crossed his arms in emphasis, however.
“So I'm filling in for your skull?”
He rolled his eyes, unable to suppress a grin. “Clever.”
“No, they were mainly chatting – you know how the are.”
“No?” John chuckled at Alex's proud rebellion. “Oh, dear. You know we still need him, right? Papa can't afford to pay rent
Upon this, Mycroft huffed out an annoyed breath but left. John turned and went to fetch his laptop, Sherlock lingered a moment, drunk on the display of dominance. The Alpha he had been promised to was known for her qualities in the BDSM world, but she was weak at heart. They'd met once and he could read the sentiment on her face as she lay eyes on him.
Madly enough, John's words seemed to sooth some disturbed part of his mind. Ridiculous biology an Omega has. “Right now, I'd like you to copulate with me”
“Seventeen year old omega boy, went missing two days ago. At first the parents thought it was just another one of his pranks, apparently he does that from time to time, but he didn't come back that night. They're worried as hell - mind you, I'd be, who can blame them.” Lestrade told them, scratching the back of his head nervously at the thought of being in the parents' situation. He may be an incompetent detective, but quite the caring father himself.
his earlobe off. And it hurt a little too much. He could feel, god, he could
“But Alphas don't just go share flats with Omegas!” He started to feel ridiculous. He wasn't supposed to contradict an Alpha and still, here he was, reasoning with Sherlock about his own issues.
They fell silent for a while, neither of them wanting to throw the stone of inevitable discussion until it lay upon them so heavily, Sherlock couldn't bear staying silent any longer. “....The child?” he asked eventually.
The bar was.. interesting. It was in a side street and based on goth themes like vampires, elves and the likes. Sherlock headed straight for the bartender who looked him up and down with both scrutiny and something akin to flirting. As soon as he noticed, John moved up to stand beside his mate, back straightened, jawline tensed in a challenging gesture. The bartender averted his eyes immediately and Sherlock smirked. There would be some marvellous sex tonight.
“Yes.”
John relaxed visibly, sinking back down next to him until he lay facing Sherlock, now looking at him from the corner of his eyes. “Our bodies are just coming down from hormonal high, give it a day or two. We're neither as young as is usual, might need to take time to regenerate the strength and stability.” he answered softly, but moving no further in terms of touching Sherlock in any way.
John rolled his eyes. “Shut up!”
Dr. Field was discreet and polite and Sherlock greatly approved of John's choice. They took a pregnancy test, just to be sure, discussed the state of pregnancy, Sherlock's problem with morning sickness, 'I think it is absolutely misnamed, John!', and Dr. Field offered him some adequate medication to ease off the intensity and quantity a bit.
John took another deep breath, attempting to calm himself, while it only made his erection more painful. “It's not humiliating, Sherlock, there's nothing to be ashamed of-”
“John, you can't have me locked up in here at all times!”
“What, am I supposed to just let them bleed to death?!”
I find myself in a rather complicated situation and a bunch of bad moods, so I end up writing more than fulfilling my tasks... Ah, well ^^
“We don't know that, love-”
John thanked him and was walking out his room when Sherlock grumbled a little more. “Be safe and all that.”
Only his weakness being extreme defensiveness. “My what?” he asked, turning back around, jawline tight.
After another moment of frowning, John's expression softened and he squeezed Sherlock's leg gently. The Omega had been distressed ever since Mycroft had come to visit last week, but never told John why. He possibly didn't know himself.
By the time John exited the small room, head hanging low, Sherlock had eaten his own breakfast and some of John's remaining. The Alpha looked up with a look akin to apology, trying to hide as much of his misery as he could, and, upon seeing the cleared plate on Sherlock's table and the missing bits of his own load, he didn't, as Sherlock had anticipated, look relieved, but rather close to tears, pinching his eyebrows together and tilting his head away.
“How did you notice our discomfort?”
After a brief inspection, Sherlock could tell that the boy had indeed been surprised and dragged into the alley where, apparently, the omega boy had not only been raped but also killed afterwards. A piece of torn off cloth held the fingerprints that lead Lestrade to the responsible Beta in the end. Sherlock got the satisfaction of doing some of the interrogation himself, taking the man apart piece by piece – he wouldn't soon forget or forgive himself.
is what makes them attracted to them.”
At last, he had his eyes on a door to which a sheet of paper was taped, saying 'DORMS'. He walked towards it when someone called out behind him. He froze as quick steps approached him and soon had his face pressed into a wall. “How did you get out here?! What's your number?”
“Can you go to your friend?”
“I'm just still fascinated by you.” Sherlock explained. He tilted his head, but kept the straight face nevertheless.
Lisa shook her head. “No. At least I don't think so. Peter was always very kind and caring. He wouldn't scare his son like that.”
“I just want you to be safe!”
His muscles were still mostly lax, slowly tensing more and more as his brain gave orders to move, but the cold tickled their reflex to try and produce warmth through the exertion. Honestly, the human body wasn't really an expert at keeping itself warm, but then again, why would it be? Evolution had reduced the necessary fur and fat layers with the growing use of clothing. However, a too tight shirt and some tailored trousers didn't provide much warmth in an unheated room in what looked like the basement to an apartment building. Screaming wouldn't do though, he was sure. Besides, remaining calm would be healthiest – he wouldn't risk his pups like that in a fruitless attempt to get out, especially when he didn't know his enemy.
Keep cool :)
John leaned forward to kiss Sherlock softly. “Well, then. How about you make me yours?
Especially after the scare with the Alpha rapist some weeks ago, there had been a noticeable shift within Sherlock and he was, visibly, less comfortable around any other Alpha. Between him and his brother, it was just an annoying asset for him to get slightly restless to even becoming anxious if Mycroft stayed at the flat for more than ten minutes; but the real problem were other, non-family Alphas. Sherlock avoided even coming within a 2 meter radius from then and still never stood still, rubbing his index and middle finger nervously against his thumb, looking tense as he tried not to look too tense and often just beginning to pace around in order to wear down the feeling of irrational fear.
He hears and
“Hm.” the Omega grunted in reply. “Mind you, I can't say I'm a big fan of his. Not really someone who inspires trust in him.”
“I want you.” John murmured into his ear, looking Sherlock straight in the eye, pupils blown wide.
He got up and walked to the bathroom door. Knocking cautiously, he asked after his mate through the door. “Sherlock? Are you alright in there?”
Sherlock simply looked up from where he was sprawled out on the couch. “I'm pregnant, John, I'm not supposed to do hard work.” he gave as a lazy reply, which seemed to only infuriate the Alpha even more.
John took a deep, sobering breath and looked at his watch, it had been half an hour; Sherlock never bathed that long.
smell of?!” he asked, pinching his nose between his fingers.
“You're right, room spray doesn't quite mask a Purist's scent. But 5 different cleaning agents is still a bit much, don't you think? You didn't want to avoid getting sad. You wanted to erase him from your life like you did his scent.”
“And these are-”
Facing each other, there were gentle caresses and sweet kisses, sentiments they'd both deny in public. Some time along the line John's hand started travelling from Sherlock bump to his bum, squeezing playfully.
Greg nodded. “I saw that. Care to explain
“I just never did. We assumed- assumed I was genderless. Why did you think I had no smell on me?”
“Your life is my life, Sherlock, has been from the day we met, hasn't it? If you want to keep the pup, you'll not be able to work cases for a while, after that, we can always make arrangements. I could stop joining you, work in the clinic to earn the money, come home and take care of the pup while you run off to do what you always do. If you don't want to keep it, we'll see to it being 'taken care of' and continue the way we have until now.” John remained absolutely calm and neutral. He didn't want to influence Sherlock, obviously.
“The English do like their tea.. and who better to clean their cups than an Omega tea towel?” Sherlock replied with a smirk. “Alphas tend to prefer shorter Omegas as they feel more empowered by towering you. Additionally, you just have that air about you.”
“Of course I won't!” Greg stopped him mid-sentence, which was just as well because John didn't know how he wanted to end it anyway. “You still should have said something beforehand or at least realised putting you in there was a bad idea. I could lose my job over shit like this.”
Sherlock's head fell back onto the bed as a shuddering gasp escaped him, his cock waving John 'hello'.
He realised he had been staring at Sherlock for at least a couple of minutes when he saw his deducting eyes jump over his body and his mouth bent in a one-sided, loving smirk.
“To have me capable of walking for as good and long as possible.”
“John.” This was not the time and place to start a fight, as daft as that woman might be. “The boy went missing two days ago, he was meeting his date here. They both have short, brown hair, hold on, here are pictures of both of them. Recognise either?”
Well, this fic is actually sponsored by someone who contacted me over on tumblr (not sure I may out them publicly like this yet) and at first I was skeptical about whether or not I'd be able to get into this at all, but now I've got scenes playing out in my mind and, Lord, let me tell you, I'm hooked on this darkfic! (It's gonna get dark soon, just you wait. But also a bit fluffy. I can't write without love, sorry, but I just don't dig that. I don't read it, I don't write it. I hope that's okay..)
John, surprisingly, had a small, empathetic, yet longing smile on his face and briefly, instinctively gives one of Sherlock's shins a small caress. “No, I don't think that's an appropriate idea. I will, however, see to getting you something to help yourself with, if you'd like?”
The human wardrobe cast an uncertain look back to John, who made a point of standing his ground. “This club has a no-Omega-policy.”
surely needed it. There were memories haunting him, of an Alpha forcing himself onto his weakened body. It made him feel cold and empty. But then he saw John and opened the passageway of their bond again and John would fill him with love and
“When's the last time you've eaten?” Sherlock asked monotonously.
“Yeah, I know, I tried- I,” the man snapped back, then stopped, remembering who he was talking to, “I will.” he said firmly, resuming his work on washing the dishes.
There followed a silence in which they first stared at each other and then the other Alpha, Mycroft, looked down at John from the corner of his eye. He looked back at Sherlock before speaking again. “You have more than yourself to worry for now, Sherlock.” And just like that, Mycroft turned on his heel, leaving the flat, his PA right behind him, not sparing them a glance.
Sherlock and John get called in on a case just after John finished his nightshift at the hospital.
Again, Sherlock's eyes fixed on his partner, but in a more annoyed manner and only for a short time. “Just bring it here!” he ordered Lestrade and went to sit in his chair, taking his thinking pose. He needed to figure out this hormone induced emotional issue first. John just rolled his eyes as he nodded at the DI.
“I imagined no less of him.” the tall man said, approaching the bed with his usual impassive look, though it was clearly tinged with worry. Sherlock would notice his creased suit. The way he finally stood by the feet of the bed, so high on his defences, but not to protect himself, to protect the twitching body of his vulnerable little brother. Like he was building an invisible wall around them. John was included.
Becoming
“We're flatmates. We get along surprisingly well.” John noted. It was true, that was the base of their relationship.
“It was on a Tuesday. We went out to the park together and he and I were playing with a ball. He'd thrown it a little too far, so I went to pick it up. When I turned back around, he was gone..” There was a ghostly expression on her face, turning her white and making her eyes water.
“I can always work from home.” Sherlock replied, hoping dearly Lestrade would give him cases anyway – he'd die of boredom without good occupation.
“John?! Hang on, what?! Why? Is Sherlock there?! John, don't go in alone. Wait there for us! Do you hear me? Do
John gave a hum that confirmed his attention and he rolled onto his side to look back at Sherlock.
Sherlock turned around all the way now and settled for kneeling on the bed. “Ice cream?”
“Why does
“Sherlock, you can't look at this from a rational perspective.”
“Are you asking me out on a date?” Sherlock countered, sassy smirk on his face.
At the sound of John's voice, Sherlock looked up, noting Lestrade's absence and that John had sat down in front of him. When had that happened? “Obviously.”
“You did, you moan it up to eight times a day.”
Sherlock paused where he was pulling out mugs from a cupboard. “Ah.” he placed one back on the shelf. “Well, help yourself to anything, then. Except my chemicals, obviously.”
Now, another two weeks later, John sat in the red armchair, that had become 'his', six months pregnant, still thinking about everything Mycroft had said.
“Hey! Stop that, let me go!” he tried struggling, but, in his state, he knew he had no chance. He went still and looked the man dead in the eye. “I'll scream.”
“What? Why?”
“Obviously.”
John, in response, dedicated his whole attention to suppress a groan that moment. He knelt down in front of Sherlock, so close to the source of that unbelievably intoxicating smell- but he must resist. Sherlock was his friend. Sherlock trusted him.
Sherlock, spent in every sense, slumped and fell back against John heavily. The Alpha held him up until his orgasm wore down and he pulled out, laying them down on their sides, dragging a blanket over his body and a limp Sherlock. “You still want to bond to 'that lesbian'?” John asked smugly.
“What am I facing?”
“I'm tired. I'll have a pee and be back to bed in a minute. Please be there.” Sherlock whispered, pecking his mate's lips one last time before getting up and going to the bathroom.
Sherlock huffed internally. A straight approach would get him nowhere, he'd have to lure the Alpha in, but that was an easy thing to say and a near impossible thing to achieve; when John was shut down on something, there was no way of getting him there. In fact, that was one of the most basic rules of manipulation, John just happened to be very clearly set on what he would and would not do.
He looked down at his hands, watch them tremble the little bit they had done constantly for all the time he remembered since Sherlock's disappearance. That wasn't much, during that time he'd mostly run on autopilot and his conscious had kept out of most of it, but what he remembered had a lot of uncontrollable trembling in it; not out of fear, but cold. He'd dealt with enough anorexic patients to hate being able to see it on himself every time he looked at himself. The protruding bones were a telltale sign, of course, but what was an even more serious aspect was the fact he'd grown lanugo hair, the downy hair the human body grew to protect itself against the cold when the amount body fat was too low to do so. It was an old natural mechanism, that had little function anymore, but it showed clearly when a person was sickly thin. It annoyed John to see that on his own meagre arms. Maybe he should get himself tubed up now that he needn't worry about Sherlock as much any longer. He didn't know how much longer his body would be able to keep this up. He'd never been this thin in his life and up to this point, it had been his worry for Sherlock that pumped him up with enough adrenalin to keep him going on low fuel, but he could physically feel himself sagging away. He knew his condition was critical. As a doctor, he knew. As a soldier, he was disappointed in himself.
Sherlock rolled his eyes to show his annoyance. “Just look!” he exclaimed, briefly pointing at his belly before quickly drawing back his hand to not point it out too much, not point it out to himself.
Lestrade gave them a curious look and Sherlock simply told him “we'll explain in full at a later time, for now, we need to return this child. Oh, and I texted you another address as you were combing through the back of the club. Go there and arrest both the Omega and the Beta.”
He circled the area, but was too impatient. John watched hungrily as he pushed one finger in, his sex seemingly pulling it further inside, hungry. The Alpha looked up and saw Sherlock's belly, standing taller than his cock, and he palmed his own erection. He craved to touch his mate, but there was this feeling building up again where it had just died down. That throbbing, that sickness. Sherlock's distress. Another Alpha pushing into his mate. It became John forcing himself on Sherlock, making him cry as he begged him to stop.
“Oh, you wanna go see right now? I mean I can hardly wear this thing now, can I? Might as well get it off.”
“New clothes tomorrow, then?” John asked eventually when they were walking past a line of shops.
He leaned heavily on John's shoulder, not able to put a lot of weight on his legs yet, but John made it seem like it was nothing, like Sherlock was doing it all on his own.
“He was testing you.”
Sherlock watched John's face for a second, then agreed. “I'll be right there.”
Anderson protested the implication, but, really it was quite clear just
“Naturally. But I must say that, as long as he heals, I do not care about the process. Not in this. However this is not the reason I have come.” How would it be. “The Alpha you managed to 'dispose of' has been identified. He is known to have worked with a certain man who has been in our interest for some time now; the mind in the crime, in a lot of them, actually. Apparently something was miss-communicated, since it isn't his style to go by such
. He knew it was rubbish, but Sherlock thinking John did god-knows-what behind his back kind of made him feel betrayed in a sense that made him feel sick. Sick for thinking Sherlock could ever see the possibility John would betray him. On the other hand, he really couldn't blame him. Sherlock never had much grounds to trust anyone and recent events hadn't exactly done much to help in that matter.
Oh, John.
As always: Mistakes are mine and there ought to be lots of them this time, so if you find any, please return them! Contact me in the comments!
“It's finally time.” Sherlock purred in a low voice as John reached around him to see for himself.
John looked back at him with a shocked expression. “What?!”
Jacob watched the interaction between his dad and his sister, got curious about their secret and tried it himself. John pointed Rosie's attention to Jacob and she paused, saw his hand doing what John' had done and copied again, waving at him. One after another, all the pups joined in, waving at each other in a vaguely familiar routine, always accompanied by John saying “hello” and other words of greeting. He later moved on to some simple clapping, but always keeping the volume low.
“Sure.” John replied, smiling a little. Sherlock knew John sounded disbelieving on purpose and therefore just stared back at him until John took a sip of his water. Then, he simply mimicked the action, drowning his exhaustion from walking on aching feet with as much water as was possible to drink without John noticing.
“You want to go out for dinner today?” John asked, dreamy look on his face. It was ridiculous, really, he knew that, but he couldn't help feeling this levitated, invincible,
For a second, the Alpha looked as if he were defeated. Then he pulled a trump out of his jacket pocket. “Trust issues, it says here.” he mentioned, making sure to give John a clear view on the little notebook before opening it.
keep drinking that. If you're doing it out of solidarity – you don't have to. I know it tastes awful.” he almost growled looking at the decaffeinated tea in his cup as if it had offended his mother.
Now John was making his way to the general direction of the desk in a snail's speed. He could feel the waiting patients down one corridor asking themselves why a patient in such a condition was allowed to leave his room, but he didn't care about them.
John didn't mind his job. John didn't mind the danger. He loved it, in fact. What he hated was the extra work he had put on himself by taking that job at the clinic. He was more a soldier than a doctor after all. Mundane didn't suit him.
He made himself a coffee to wait away the hours left till his next night shift began.
“Stop that.” Sherlock snapped, but as John drew back, he quickly grabbed the hand, placed it back there and turned to face him, which made their entwined arms pull at each other awkwardly, so he freed them and placed John's second hand on his middle, too, as he leant down to kiss him – publicly –, long thin fingers covering short, strong ones.
Lestrade looked him up and down. “You okay? This place doesn't freak you out?”
“Did you?” Mycroft asked coldly. This man's willpower was absolutely enviable.
John released him instantly. Sherlock had his eyes clenched closed, tears running down his cheeks. He was reaching up a hand to feel the source of pain. When he opened his eyes, John was just licking the last traces of blood from his lips. He didn't care for Sherlock's scared look or the way he was holding his pulsating earlobe. All John gave him was a look of content and undisturbed want.
“I do hope you have managed to settle into your newly discovered omega nature by now?” Mycroft greeted with an unkind smile.
“Something wrong?” the doctor asked eventually when he felt like he was carrying half of Sherlock's weight. Sherlock's reply was a low grumble and a straightening of his back, walking on his own again. “Sherlock.” The shorter man urged nonetheless.
There was nothing, that could have possibly have described what he felt.
“Thank you very much.” John supplied, Sherlock nodded his lowered head in gratitude as well.
It took John a moment to realise what Sherlock was showing him, but when it cleared up, he finally noticed Sherlock's hollow cheeks having filled out again a bit, his fingers still lean, but not bony anymore, and, of course, his belly swollen several more inches.
“So-”
Like this, it never took John long to come. It was just the setup for a quick fuck. Sherlock didn't mind at all. Once he was spent, John pulled out and, while taking off the condom, buried his face in the Omega's rear, eating him out. John always made sure Sherlock could come in whatever way.
He heard Mrs Hudson tut at him and she soon joined him, just in time. He rolled over to get up on his knees, his arms stretching out in front of him to brace himself against the wall. It was quick and fairly easy, just a lot of pain. Many Omegas often described giving birth as pleasurable as the pups pressed against their prostates. John thought that might be true if you're having one or two, but with five of them, it really felt more like scratching and violent punching than caressing.
plan.”
“Seriously, though, you shouldn't be complaining! You're the reason I became this way in the first place!”
Pieces of clothing landing on the floor, John's hot, sweaty body pressed everywhere on top of him, making him feel wonderful, even though his own body seemed already above advisable temperature. But then there was this hot, incredibly hard part of John, driving him crazy just so as it pressed against his pelvis, right next to his own member, again and again as John started rutting against him. John was panting heavily against his collarbone between nibs and licks and, god, his moans. Slowly, John slid down, kissing his way over Sherlock's belly in a burning line until he met with his penis, marvelling at the size of it – bigger than the ordinary Omega cock; longer and wider. No wonder Sherlock had simply assumed he was genderless, what with the lack of hints he could either be Omega or Alpha, since his member's size was somewhere between both, but still without the scent of a Beta.
Sherlock sighed and considered this. Strangely, he found it didn't appear quite as appalling to him as it used to, though he still didn't like it.
John grinned. “Not a bit.” he answered, leaning down and kissing Sherlock softly at first, then cruelly. He bit the Omega's lip until he could taste his blood.
John sank into the chair next to him, hoping it would help to speak to him on eye-level. “Please?”
Sherlock felt the need to sooth John's mind. He didn't want to upset him. “If that's what it feels like.” he answered cautiously.
As they broke apart, John reached up to cup one side of Sherlock's face. “You good?”
“Nine point one four, but that's not what I meant...”
Yeah, so, if you can spare the time and care (uh, have I gone for rhyming now?!), please do keep throwing those words of love at me, show me whenever I misspell or miss words or whatever and help me make this worth your while!
Somehow, John felt offended by that. Mycroft not telling him off, indirectly acknowledging and approving of this being John's fault, the cold and detached demeanour with which he handled the disappearance of his own fucking brother, the nerve he had to question John's capability as an Alpha in this situation – it just had him boiling lukewarm. “And where were you when it happened, huh?! I know you have cameras practically everywhere, why didn't you intervene?!”
“Mummy?!” Sherlock's deep voice rang through the flat, the call almost a warning. When his mate leaned around the corner, just out of the shower and apparently hastily dressed when he'd heard the voices.
“But-”
“I'm not a slut, I'm just addicted to you.”
“You're pregnant, you need the nutrition. You're going to get a lot softer anyway, as the process makes progress.” John hummed into his neck, giving little kisses to the sensitive skin.
“Because they see the world for what it is.” John agreed. “Mrs Hudson! We'll need some tea!” he shouted into the house, looking back at Sherlock. “And cancel my other appointments as well!”
To John's apparent surprise, Sherlock didn't laugh or gave any sarcastic answer, just smiled lightly and whispered a soft “thank you.” He then went back to eating, ignoring the half-confused, half-adoring look John threw him – this was quite enough fluff for the day, screw the hormones. “When is our next appointment at Dr. Field's?”
“Maybe you should take a look at that temple.. It's bleeding a little.” Sherlock mumbled in concern, a shimmer of red on his pale cheeks.
John took and squeezed his hand before leaning down, planting a kiss on Sherlock's belly before moving to kiss his forehead.
I am here, by your side, where I belong, and I won't go away unless you want me to.” he said, his eyes flashing with honesty.
John didn't listen, though, he seemed keen to doing something he would later highly regret.
“'Possibly'?! Really, John?! Look at the blood, I'm losing our pup!”
Then again, Sherlock had felt miserable himself without really knowing why. All this talk about the mythical soul mate business – was this what it really was? Being tortured by your love for someone? He knew he'd felt devastatingly lonely and ached for John's presence in way human words couldn't explain, but he'd also felt those pains intensify irregularly. Was that their bond playing ping-pong with their misery? How useless – that would make them leap through a viscous circle, spiralling into misery until Sherlock passed out again.
! We couldn't have wished for a more fitting mate for Sherlock. He's always been a little terror, which shouldn't come as a surprise, all things considered. But when we heard he had presented after all, we were
He flicked through the photos back and forth, watching Sherlock's little tummy steadily grow and shrink again. Suddenly, he couldn't hold back a tear. What if this was the last he had of him? What if he'd never see him again because they can't find him or they do and then he's just dead? His last words to the love of his life would have been “Fine, where? JW” - those are terrible last words! They could be read in any emotion. It wasn't a love-filled “Sounds good to me, where will I see you, love? JW” or “I'd rather not, love, I'm very tired and would very much just like to fall asleep cuddled up against you. JW”. It was a bloody “Fine, where? JW”
In case you didn't get the "Medicine" joke (which I realise is a bit difficult to get in written form): "Medicine" can sound like "Madison" in a couple of accents.
“What? Wait, what?! You can actually feel him through that?!”
“They came very early.” Sherlock acknowledged the next morning over breakfast. “At least for what due date you told me.”
something was wrong!”
I found it surprisingly hard to start this chapter off, but after a certain part, it practically wrote itself ;) So here's a, uh... taste of what's to come (Jesus Christ, I said stop it, my brain's out of control..)
“John-”
“I will have a regular transaction to send you a sum of money monthly, should there be questions or complications, you know how to get in touch.” Mycroft gave them both the once-over. “I will better take my leave now, I can see you two need some time to.. discuss.” And with that, Mycroft pranced away.
my patients tend to say that the pregnancy is the best time in their lives. I wouldn't know about that, as I'm childless myself, but Omegas do seem to have a certain glow to them when with child. It seems to be very rewarding.” she said with a gentle smile. Her eyes were a little off. Sherlock spared her the deduction that danced on his tongue. She was weirdly pleasant and, considering his own experience with this matter, he guessed her infertility was not something she liked to be reminded of.
Sherlock frowned in something similar to disgust. “I don't understand why
“Oh, fuck!” John exclaimed, looking at the puddle of blood forming between Sherlock's legs.”FUCK!”
For a moment, John stared, clearly processing what Sherlock had just said, trying to filter the sense in it. “The Omega body has a law of its own. Sure, you can do studies, collect examples and find an average to settle on, but in fact, it's still all individuals, variables. Now, as Dr. Field said, multiples aren't uncommon among first pregnancies, as is the release of an additional ovum during the early weeks of pregnancy. The latter one depends mostly on both quantity and quality of hormones released by the mated Alpha – a mixture of hormones released only during sex. The amount of intercourse we've been having these past ten weeks at a constant rate and the fact that we connect on an above scientific level, seems to have been the correct dosage, if not an overdose. Your pregnancy was either still young enough to not be entirely registered or it was really an overdose of hormones for you to release an ovum whilst already pregnant. Anyway, we really
“Most people
John turned to whisper into Sherlock's ear teasingly. “No, I think that's just your tendency towards addiction.”
John.
“Could you not keep doing this, please?” John said in a hushed voice, but with a big grin on his lips. He hadn't felt this alive, this useful, since Afghanistan.
