"Don't. Not you, too," he says, almost pleadingly.
Tony shakes in his arms, clinging to Steve's back. He's warm and solid but he feels somehow frail and breakable. Tony buries his face into the crook of Steve's neck, and Steve can feel hot breath there.
“I mean I’m not seriously thinking about it, no,” he clarifies. “It wouldn’t make sense, it’s easier having us all here. Better. Safer. There’s too much on the go right now, trying to find Bucky, and all this on top,” he waves at the file in front of him.
“It’s fine,” Steve says, even though it’s anything but fine, really.
He'd known it then, when Tony had flown that nuclear missile through a wormhole to the edge of space. Tony hadn't expected to come back, but he'd gone anyway. And Steve had watched him make sacrifice after sacrifice over the years, and he'd never managed to tell Tony that he
getting somewhere, though. She has, little by little, managed to divest him of his clothing. He suspects, by the way she continues to strip him and change the subject whenever he asks her a question, that she might be on to the fact that he’s not just a regular patron looking for a good time.
“Why was he looking for me in the first place?”
"So then why is he avoiding him?" Clint asks. "'Cause I highly doubt Steve would have told him to bugger off. Not even
Steve needs to be there for him. To help shore him up against that loss. And as much as it breaks Steve's heart, any kind of relationship will have to wait.
Tony presses his nose into Casey's hair, letting the smell of blueberry-scented shampoo fill his senses.
"Nothing, just, there was a neat sounding bistro I wanted to take you to for a late-lunch-slash-early-dinner before we headed out. My guy recommended it to me."
Steve nearly broke his neck trying to rescue the last cannoli?"
He had managed to keep himself from getting a humiliating erection by the skin of his teeth earlier, when Tony had been helping him in and out of the bathtub. He'd gone over inventories and baseball statistics in his head, over and over again, trying not to think about Tony's beautiful, elegant hands on him. Tony's shockingly well-defined shoulders and biceps.
that, Tony –"
"Um.. can you come and pick us up in the morning when the roads are clear? I don't think my car is going to make it back to the city. Or anywhere, really. Got a tow truck coming to dig us out in the morning, but we'll need a lift back home."
"Sure, Steve, I got a bum arm and we got a line-up to the door but no, by all means, take a little break to talk to the crazy person," Man-bun grumbles.
the ones who betrayed the terms of our agreement,” snarled the club owner.
"No," Wanda protested. "I'm going, too."
By the end of the third day, the new location is a raging success. Most of his first customers are parents who come in after dropping their kids off at the school. All of them are
Steve blinks at him, and Tony gives him an almost-shy smile.
Tony's there, and he's wrestling with Thanos' hand, tugging and pulling the glove until it finally slips free.
Until a burst of rainbow light momentarily blinds them all.
"No buts," Tony insists. "Please. Go. Both of you. Strange is already there. If we don't keep Vision safe then all of this, every last bit of it, will have been for nothing." Wanda nods and takes Vision's hand. Together, they fly back towards the palace. Tony swallows hard and turns his attention back to the battle. In the few short minutes since Thanos stepped onto the field, the tables have turned, and definitely not in their favour. Tony momentarily forgets to breathe at the sight of the Mad Titan striding his way across the battleground. A wave of warriors charges him, but a flick of his wrist sends them flying back as though they all weighed less than a pile of leaves.
Steve nods, even though Tony's not looking at him. "Yeah, we were kind of our own thing, a specialized team. We fell outside the normal make up of squads and platoons. But they are one hell of a group of men and women, and it somehow fell to me to be their Captain. Everyone was cross trained in a few different skills, but everyone had their own specializations. Clint and Bucky were the sniper team. They'll both try and tell you they're a better shot than the other, but it's all lies. I've never seen two more evenly match marksmen. They're both equally good at shooting, and spotting, which isn't common. They used to flip coins before we went out to decide who was doing what."
He can hear a scuffle, the high pitched squeal of feedback, and a couple of gunshots. It's too loud, Steve needs to listen for everything else – Casey yelling, hostiles trying to get the drop on him – so he pulls the comm out of his ear. He knows it's risky, to go dark, but he needs to find Casey.
And Steve never showed up.
"I asked Buck if he wanted to come to the VA thing tomorrow with Sam and I," Steve says softly into the dark. "He had to think about it for a while, but he eventually said yes, he'd try."
"Remember. Stay calm, don't get too close, and stick to the script. You want Casey, you'll give them whatever they want, but you want to see him. Before you agree to anything. Try to keep them talking, yeah?"
Tony curls himself up against Steve and thinks of a bright eyed boy, face pressed against the glass of a cookie display. He thinks about the drawings stuck to a fridge, and an excited little voice telling him all about art that Steve helped him with. He thinks about the three of them together, tucking Casey in and sitting with him, watching him, the night that he was taken. And he thinks about what they never had the chance to experience — movie nights with popcorn and blankets, Casey snuggled between them. Saturday mornings with waffles, and afternoons in the park. He thinks about what that would be like, not with Casey, but with another bright eyed child who's right now sitting, lost and alone, desperate for a place to belong and people to love them. The idea of it warms his heart, makes his chest ache in the best possible way.
He ducks into a doorway, head down, takes two deep breaths, then whirls around the corner and fires, three shots from his own gun, and there's one that hits the wall behind the guy, from the sound of it. Two of them don't make any sound at all, though, meaning they've hit flesh. A howl of pain, then the guy is dropping to his knees in the hallway, and Steve just steps over him, kicking the gun out of his hand because fuck that guy, fuck
He's loathe to admit it, as always, but Bucky had been right. Steve's feelings for Tony go deep – from before the Haven, before the Sokovia Accords.
From there, reflexes take over. He’s got a whole library of training programmes designed. He and Steve had spent hours together — in the days before they’d stopped dancing around each other, before they’d stopped staring wistfully (and lustfully) across the room at one another when they thought the other hadn’t been looking — taking all the feedback from the team, all the data scanned by JARVIS, compiling it together and designing different adaptive programmes that would change enough to keep them on their toes while still giving them the chance to perfect co-odinated movements and strikes. The results had been a team training regime that has turned them from from a bunch of skilled people fighting alongside one another into a skilled cohesive unit that fights together.
"Right? You see what I have to live with?"
thing is, he's pining for you as badly as you're pining for
him? After that – after that ridiculous, humiliating speech, Steve is
A few things click into place all at once, and suddenly the woman who’d taken an interest in him and ‘what was troubling him’ makes a hell of a lot more sense.
“Heh. Could say the same about you, Cap. The hell are you doing here anyway?”
One guy left, but instead of coming for Steve where he's vulnerable and prone on the floor, the guy retreats, backs off and runs down the corridor.
Steve makes his way back to the medical centre and finds Tony's room. Rhodey and Pepper are gone, but Natasha and Thor are there instead. Thor glances up when Steve comes in, but Natasha doesn't move – Steve can tell by the set of her shoulders that she knows he's there, though.
"Steve, my favourite supplier," Tony greets him. "I need you to hook me up."
He seems awkward about it, like he's not sure what he wants to say. Or if he should say it at all.
"And that way, we could have them be convertible vehicles, the repulsors wouldn't get in the way of road and off-road wheel systems," Rhodey is saying. Tony's not paying too much attention, because Rhodey knows what he's doing and doesn't need Tony holding his hand, and because, quite frankly, Steve is more interesting to watch.
“Might as well do something useful?” Steve says, though it’s definitely more of a question.
a light hitter. It's too dangerous."
"You know, I haven't really talked about her in a long time," Tony admits. "It... feels really nice, actually. I mean, it hurts still. Think it always will. But, I dunno. It's easier now to remember the good things. And I see so much of her in Casey. He got me through the roughest years of my life. I'd have been lost without him." Tony's voice sounds significantly less strained around the edges now, he feels more relaxed laying in the bed, and Steve has learned more about Tony in the last few minutes than he probably has in the entire time they've known each other. It reiterates the fact that Tony is tough, stubborn, and beautifully impressive.
in the Haven, I saw you with Casey. God, watching you with him? The way you interacted with him? Every day I fell more and more in love with you – watching you with Casey made me want something I never realized I'd wanted. Never thought I had any business wanting."
"Of course not, it wouldn't be, but with Rhodes right there?"
Tony pulls out his phone, looks at it, and swears. "Fucking fuck. How is there no signal? What good is a phone with no signal? I swear to god, as soon as we're out of this I'm going to make something better. Fucking middle of nowhere, fucking blizzard messing with my reception."
“Well, do you want to start by talking about why you’re stealing all my sheets?” Steve sat perched on the edge of his bed, watching with amusement as Tony plopped himself on the floor and started tying corners of the sheets together, weaving them into a makeshift rope.
"You'd be amazing at it."
+++++
Steve texts Bucky back with an update on Tony – no news, still waiting.
Coulson steps back into the room just as Steve is about to hit critical mass and asks, “Is there anything I can get for you, Captain Rogers?”
Gamora and Quill shared a look, but no one said anything.
"Oh, they do not. They might
“I love you, you jerk,” he says again.
Clint pats his shoulder. "Oh Captain, my Captain, you're going to end up in way over your head."
The following night, Tony wakes up at around two in the morning from a dream about flying. The night after that, it's a nightmare about losing Casey. He decides to lay off the spicy foods before bed – even though he can't think of anything spicy he's eaten in the past week.
"But you're hurt – you need rest, you need painkillers, you need something that isn't me pawing at you like a teenager."
As soon as Natasha walks in, Clint is making up her tea without prompting. She takes it gratefully, and steps behind the counter to stand with them. The shop is quiet, and neither of them are going to tell her no.
out on this mission. This kind of underhanded information gathering is not his forte, and add to that is the fact that he’s having a hell of a hard time playing the role of ‘interested patron enthusiastically enjoying a beautiful woman stripping him down to nothing, teasing him with playful brushes of her fingers and telling him that he could look, but not touch’.
"I know someone who can help with that," Steve says.
They're both spent, gasping for air and covered in sweat. Tony shivers, keening slightly as Steve rubs soothing hands up and down his flanks, his back, over his ass.
Steve immediately starts coughing, and Tony drops to his knees on the street beside him. "Steve? Honey, talk to me." Steve only manages to continuing coughing in reply, but he's at least breathing. It's the longest minute of his life, waiting for Steve to finally catch his breath.
Tony pulls back, letting Steve fall from his mouth, and moans, panting as Steve circles his fingers over Tony's prostate.
"Welcome back," he says, nodding to each of them in turn. "We've been expecting you."
"Is Casey a light sleeper?" Steve asks, breaking his lips away from the sensitive flesh of Tony's neck, just behind his ear.
But not as much time as he'd hope. The swarm is relentless, and they've all already been fighting at maximum capacity for a while. There's only so far they can push themselves before the stamina gives out, and they're getting dangerously close to that point.
He doesn’t  want this. He’s got nothing against this woman or how she makes her living, but he doesn’t want this. He feels awkward and out of place, and even with her beautiful soft skin and curves so close to his space, he can’t help the way he yearns for  strong arms and shoulders instead, sculpted by hours working in a shop, of bright brown eyes and scruff covered chin. He shoves those images aside and turns his focus back on the woman. He’s got a job to do.
+++++
Once they're back in the city, Steve tries to convince Rhodey to just drop him off at the shop where Bucky and Clint are, but neither Rhodey nor Tony are having it. They both insist that yes, they will take him to the shop – by way of the hospital first. They insist on waiting with him, even though Steve insists it's not necessary. Rhodey just gives him this dreadfully unimpressed look that seems to say that he doesn't actually believe Steve will stay put if they turn their backs. He's going to go out on a limb here and assume that that was probably developed after years of Rhodey having to deal with Tony. Luckily, the hospital is blessedly quick, and after some X-rays and an exam, Steve is sent on his way with some slightly stronger painkillers, crutches, a brace, and a recommendation for physiotherapy just to help things along. Steve sighs to himself as he slips the crutches under his arms. His old physiotherapist still works with the VA, but she isn't going to be thrilled to see him again under these circumstances.
He'd tried not to look, he really had. It had been an accident. But he'd seen it anyway – Steve's perfect, heavy muscles glistening with the bathwater. Little pink nipples and rippling abs and thick, corded thighs. At least he'd managed not to sneak a peek at Steve's dick, as much as he wants to know what it looks like.
"Great, so you sorted yourselves out, then, I assume," Clint says.
She shakes her head. "No."
Steve is nice to everyone.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yup.. Captain Sassypants over here.”
Coulson doesn’t look remotely surprised, and he doesn’t try and argue. “Alright, I’ll see what I can come up with.”
The walk passes too quickly, and before he knows it they’re standing outside Steve’s building.
“Look, I’m not planning anything, okay? It was just a thought, nothing more.” He snatches the card up off the counter and shoves it into a drawer, closing it with more force than was strictly necessary.  “I need to get ready. I want to make sure I know the layout and the exits.”
"I agree," Steve says. "Everyone, stay alert." He takes a deep breath. "Tony? How are you doing?"
The coffee-making barista is huge, tall and broad and blonde. His waist is tiny – he looks positively triangular. When he hands people their drinks or their pastries he gives them a plush, pink-lipped smile that Tony thinks is pure sin. He looks somehow wholesome, but at the same time Tony can imagine him looking debauched and well-fucked, laying across a satin-sheeted bed.
They need a better plan. They need some way to weaken him, to slow him down. But with the gauntlet he's stronger than anything that they've prepared for, and they're still fighting off the swarm, too.
"You are not fine! Don't argue with me," Tony shouts back. "Stubborn ass." This last is more of a mutter.
Sam had been a big help with that, even if he'd deny it. Steve had been damned lucky to make friends with him – and then more or less force Bucky and Clint into doing the same.
telling me that, loudly and often. And yet, you continue to go to the coffee shop every day, and every time I talk to you you're telling me about something Steve said or did or how the breeze fluttered his golden-spun hair –"
"Tony –"
+++++
He takes the opportunity to study Tony's face.
Almost, but not quite.
Without thinking, Steve responds.
"Okay, but this one, there's lots of space, great natural light, it's just on the other side of the Stark Resilient building, close to a main intersection so lots of foot traffic."
"How long has what been going on?" Bucky asks, his head tilted in confusion.
actually take a day off. One of his new hires is a former quartermaster, and the single most organised person Steve has ever met. In a matter of days, Sandi had completely taken over managing the inventory and ordering for both shops. Steve had thought the system he had in place had been pretty good, until he saw how well she had streamlined the whole thing. She'd been a lifesaver, honestly.
"Fully sentient AI," Shuri remarks. "I haven't figured that one out yet. Not completely."
"Lots of guys say that," Steve speaks quietly. "Sometimes they're right. Sometimes it's the shock talkin'. Insisting they're fine and they don't realise they're bleeding out." He can feel the adrenaline still coursing through himself, and knows from experience the crash is still a ways off. But it'll come. For both of them. Tony looks at him with an expression that's somewhere around the mark of sober realization. Steve tries to give him a gentle smile.
"Hey, Buck," he says, softly. He pulls at the rolling cart between them, hauling it into the room.
Tony groans. "I said I'd give them anything, whatever they wanted. But instead of telling me
"I had to bribe my way through. The so-called 'Sorcerer Supreme' thinks he's the only name in magic, but he's not. There's people out there that deserve to be there more than him, you just gotta find them. So I did – I found one, she knew what he'd done. That he'd created this fake little pocket, and that you'd brought the mind stone here. She got me in."
And then he's gone out of the kitchen, leaving Steve and Sam standing there.
"Stark, specifically?"
"Oh, don't misunderstand," Strange said. "I don't intend him any harm. On the contrary, I think we need to protect him,
"So, how was school today?" he asks Casey. "Did you learn anything fun?"
That night, Tony crawls into bed feeling pleasantly tired and comfortably sore from the training. He presses his face into Steve's pillow and breathes in. He's happy, but once Steve gets home, it'll be perfect. He pulls out his phone and sends Steve a quick message that just says 'Love you, miss you. Kisses,' and drops his phone on the stand next to the bed.
Steve obviously loves Casey. He would clearly risk his life for Tony's son.
But when he arrived at the restaurant, Steve wasn’t there.
"Sweet, sweet air conditioning," Rhodey sighs, walking in and headed for the counter.
"Duh," Tony says like it should be obvious.
“Then what the hell is it, Steve?” Tony yells desperately.
"The only part of that I understood was that the oven seems to run on some kind of electricity," Steve says dryly. The words repeat in his mind on a loop.
Fucking
"Paintballs," Tony agreed.
"So I'm just gonna go through there and end up somewhere else?"
"Yes, please," Casey responds.
But before Tony can say much more, the cell phone Steve's still holding onto starts blaring, and it's Metallica's 'Master of Puppets' screaming from the speaker. He almost drops it, he's so surprised by the sudden buzzing guitar.
“After that, you let me buy you dinner,” Steve says firmly.
"We're taking fire," Bucky says into his comm. "Sniper northwest of us, maybe a dozen storeys up."
"Don't say that or I'll
"God, honey, the second I saw you I knew I wanted to get my tongue all over you," he confesses. "And that night in Syracuse? When I had to put you in the
insane," Steve agrees. "And they aren't likely to get any less insane whether we have a kid of not. But, imagine how good it would be, too. We could do that. We could make it work. Everything we've done together, as many times as we have saved the world, we can handle fitting a child into our lives. And, we won't be alone, either. We have the others — our family. It's not like we're in this alone."
"Right. But it's fine, I don't mind."
Without thinking, Steve moves his hand under the blankets, and takes Tony's hand. Tony laces their fingers together in response, and squeezes gently. "She got to hold him, before she died. She named him Casey. And the docs and nurses, they were amazing. Really. I still can't get over how fantastic and supportive they were. I was a goddamned mess. I was angry, and scared, and hurt. Rhodey came to the hospital to get me. I wanted nothing more than to drink enough whisky to convince myself that I was dreaming, that this wasn't really happening. But before we left the hospital, I took Rhodey to the nursery to meet him. We walked in and... there he was. This tiny little bundle, half asleep, wrapped up in his little blanket. I went to touch him, and he smiled at me, with his little eyes barely open. And I swear to god, my heart broke and stitched itself back together at the same time. He was just... the most perfect thing I had ever seen in my life. I didn't know that any human could feel that much love all at once and not explode. I swore to myself that I would do whatever it took to keep him safe, and to make Rumiko proud of us. That's what I've tried to do."
Tony doesn't even try to stop himself as his hand wraps around his erection. The quickest, easiest way to deal with this unwelcome arousal is to jerk off quickly, get it out of his system so he can sleep.
Tony had told Steve he and Pepper weren't together anymore, but what if she still has feelings for him? What if she's realized she wants to come back to him? If anyone has a claim on Tony, surely it's Pepper?
"Right, but isn't she a former special ops ninja or something?" Rhodey fires back.
Steve feels his stomach drop, feels a coolness across the back of his neck. Tony had been in surgery. He'd nearly died, his brain had – and Steve hadn't known. He hadn't had any idea. He'd been down in the battlefield collecting the wounded, down in the triage tent to tend to his friends, and Tony had been up here. Alone and nearly dying.
"You won't have your memories," Strange said, glancing at each of the volunteers in turn. "You'll still be you, mostly, but you won't know anything but that reality. You will belong there – you'll have lived lives, you'll have histories, and you won't know anything about this world. You won't know about the stones or about Thanos, or any of us."
you are. Do you think Thanos is far behind? If I could find you, what makes you think he can't?"
Steve shakes his head. "Nah, not really in the cards right now."
And as soon as Tony wakes up, Steve's going to find out.
"Yo," Clint answers after a minute.
"That would put the Mind stone alongside the Soul stone, or at the very least lead Thanos right to wherever it's hidden," said Wong.
Right. He can do this.
"Your squad. Bucky and Clint call you Cap, so I assume you led them?"
He burrows deeper into the soft mattress – yes, he wants the coffee, but
"You don't get to come back here and make all the calls," Tony growled. Sure, he'd mostly managed to soothe the feelings of betrayal from the last year, but that didn't mean there wasn't still a sting there. It didn't mean Steve could just come back and act as though nothing had happened, as though he were still the leader of the Avengers. There
Tony wants to go with Strange to get Vision, but with his stupid portals, Strange has gone and returned before Tony even reaches him. Vision is in rough shape, leaning heavily on Strange as he waves his hand and snaps the portal shut. Vision's breath is ragged, he seems disoriented, and the smallest sound makes him wince in pain. But he manages to look up as Tony appears, and their eyes meet, all the memories another life passing between them. "Vision," Tony croaks out, and rushes to Vision's side to offer him some support. "We need to get him to the lab."
“Good. Maybe that’ll knock something loose. Can you pull up Barnes’ brain scans? The first set from when he came here, and the most recent. And put the ones the doc sent us of Cap beside it.”
"No, there is something else I need," Thor said. "A weapon to aid us, because when Thanos comes, he's not coming in light."
going to indulge.
"Okay, that does
“Hi,” Tony said lamely. “Um. This isn’t what it looks like.”
Steve swallows roughly. "They don't know," he admits, pulling the dome off a large serving bowl of stew. The spicy aroma of it is enough to keep his appetite from waning at the thought of Tony's uncertain condition. Bucky pulls two dishes from the cart's interior shelf and fills them with the warm, rich stew, handing one of them and a spoon to Steve. "All we can do is wait."
Bucky shakes his head, brow furrowing. "He said they want information, but he doesn't know what
"I have a proposition for you," Tony announces without preamble, sauntering up to the counter and dropping the folder down in front of him. Steve's eyes pinch a little in the corners in a hint of a tell, but he stays smiling and polite. "Hear me out," he continues before Steve can object.
." Clint shakes his head. "We were busy in Manhattan, and the cannoli were selling like mad. I don't know what was going on, but like, it was Cannoli-For-Everyone free for all or something. But, whatever, I thought it was fine, because that means people like the cannoli. But then Steve walks past the display case, and sees that we're down to the last one. I swear he nearly tripped over himself trying to get it out of the case as fast as possible to tuck it away. And do you want to know
you two shared a goddamn honeymoon suite and somehow you are
wasn't enough."
"Fuck," the woman says, and then she's yelling. "Get the kid!" she screams. "Kill him!"
“Watch it!” The words are hissed in an all too familiar voice. Steve’s eyes widen and he turns to find the last person he expected to see here staring back at him.
The apartment is fully furnished with all the essentials, but otherwise it’s bare and utilitarian. But it’s all Steve needs.
, and Steve's cheeks flush an adorable, innocent shade of pink.
"Casey wouldn't have gone with her," Tony argues.
a whiteboard – if they want to leave a message for anyone, that’s what phones are for. If they wanted to make a shopping list, that’s what JARVIS is for. And yet, one day, out of nowhere and much to Tony’s dismay, a whiteboard had appeared, bearing little cartoon caricatures of each of them. Since then, the damn thing and all of its constantly changing doodles have become a permanent fixture in the space, and so help him, Tony loves it.
“You thought I didn’t want you?’ Tony said, his voice raw. “Steve, I’ve wanted you so fucking much it hurt to
“I… could get behind that,” Steve agrees.
," Tony says, and his voice shakes even though he knows it's true. "I was only like that with him because of Strange's magic whammy, remember? To protect the mind stone!"
"Guess there just aren't enough people out there looking to adopt," Tony says carefully.
"Tony, your pants."
"Yeah, we're both okay. I promise. I'm sorry that your dad can't be home tonight like he promised," Steve apologises.
"Then I'll go," said Wanda again.
He strolls up to the counter, hands in his pockets and rocking back on his heels as he waits in the horribly patient line of customers. There's a haggard-looking guy running the register, his longish brown hair tied up in a hipster man-bun and his left arm hanging somewhat limply by his side. His smile is bright and warm and Tony wants to smack it off his face.
"This wasn't art, it was chaos," Tony tells him, and then adds, "really fun chaos. And, as chaotic as it is, Bucky is enjoying himself."
“You wanna communicate?” Steve says, eyes darkening and grin turning impish. “Let’s work on practicing ‘oh, yes, harder.’”
+++++
"I hate magic," Tony sighs, but he goes through the portal anyway.
He does, taking one shot to draw the son of a bitch's fire, and then another shot to drop him. The gunshots stop, and then Bucky takes off across the street, in the direction of Sam.
"It looked like a Jackson Pollock reject."
Steve snorts. "Really? But you two are obviously sitting
Tony is blinking up at him. His face is drawn, gaunt, and his eyes aren't bright and alert, but he's making eye contact with Steve and Steve can tell he's lucid.
It's ridiculous. He has no business thinking any kind of thoughts about Steve Rogers. They're friendly, sure, but they're not even friends. They'd gotten off to a rocky start, but now Tony's in the shop daily, and most days Steve's working in the Manhattan shop. Tony's started to wonder if Steve even bothers to work in the Brooklyn shop anymore.
“The research is great, might be the primary focus now, but the reason it all started was that he wanted to find you. Bring you home and all that jazz.”
"Justin Hammer," she says.
"Yeah," Steve says. "I will be."
"It's too small, and it won't accommodate the layout that I need. I looked at it." Steve cuts him off before he can finish, but Tony isn't dissuaded. It
"His body is partly made of vibranium," Shuri says, broaching the subject they'd never touched on.
Tony spends the bulk of his days in meetings that week — the only positive part of that being that half those meetings are with his best friend from his college days at MIT, who happens to work for him as his government liaison. Since,
“I think I’ve had a pretty bad run of missing first dates.”
, together. Why would she think that's okay?"
"Well, I'll make sure they know you're annoyed," Steve says, following as Tony races outside.
"I mean, if you want to answer it. I understand if you can't. Or don't want to."
"It's a hardship, but we shall overcome," Rhodey tells him gravely.
!" Casey says, peering up at him. "How are you? How is Steve? Did you know that he and Daddy had a big adventure?"
As if showcasing the ability to read his mind, Natasha appears in the room a moment later with Sam and Rhodey. She glances at the pair of them and raises an eyebrow, not bothering to avert her eyes from the fact that they’re both obviously undresses. One of the TAC agents had been kind enough to toss a couple of cloth napkins in their laps, at least. Beside her, Sam and Rhodey both burst out laughing.
Natasha nods in agreement.
Steve takes his team the long way around, stopping the car several blocks away from the area Tony's headed. He does a quick comms check with everyone, readjusts his holster, then takes Bucky across the street. Sam and Natasha stay on the other side, and the four of them begin walking in the general direction of the street the meeting warehouse is on.
"Hmm. And did you eat all your vegetables at lunch?"
"Was," Rhodey insists.
+++++
Sam comes out of the back and helps out by bussing tables, but there's a steady stream of people coming in and Steve figures he probably won't get the oven done until late afternoon, if ever. Actually, he should just call a repair company. They can't afford it, and honestly their line of credit is maxed out, but a little extra debt is still better than not having a functioning oven.
“Well the bar downstairs is closed, and Tony’s there training so porn’s out,” Steve shrugs.
"Fine," Tony agreed. "Can I ask what you flashed back to? Was it a particular moment?"
"That's great to hear," he says distractedly, ignoring the fact that they haven't updated the StarkPhone in almost a year. Tony pulls Rhodey's pen out of his hand and scribbles his signature on a napkin. Obviously, it's an autograph seeker. It doesn't happen all the time, but it's been becoming more frequent since Forbes' spread on his – and Stark Resilient's – rise.
Tony was given instructions to meet the kidnappers at midnight. Casey had been picked up from school. Natasha had called the school in the afternoon to find out when Casey had been taken. Julie, Casey's teacher, had told her that Casey's aunt had stopped by to pick him up around eleven. She'd told Julie that Casey's father had been in an accident, and that she needed to pick Casey up. It was serious, they were in a hurry.
"I've got him," he croaks into the comm. "I've got Casey, he's okay, I've got him."
"Yeah, that. Among other things," Tony admits.
The man's eyes widen. "You crash?"
They are both shivering by the time they reach the room. They've reached the point where they've warmed up just enough to realize how chilled to the core they are. Tony is less than thrilled that they're stuck in the honeymoon suite. Not that is he isn't immensely grateful to have a warm place to sleep after how sideways the day had gone, but come on. The
A stunned silence follows, and Steve presses on before Tony can say anything. “Look, it’s fine, okay? I’m not going to leave the tower, I’ll get over it, and I’m sorry I’m impossible to be around.”  As if this night couldn’t get any worse, now he’s gone and burned the last semblance of a rickety bridge that there was between he and Tony. Just fucking great. As soon as he sees Natasha again, he’s going to give her hell.
"We've all got combat experience, and the three of us had plenty of spec ops experience," Bucky says.
"Is that what we're doing?" Steve teases gently.
Casey looks up at Tony shyly, but Tony can see the wild anticipation on his face.
To see this chapter’s illustration by acachette,
"I am. We're nearly out of the new light roast, it's been way more popular than I expected. How long has this been going on?"
"No. It's not," Tony objects, taking another gulp, not caring that it burns his mouth a little. "Coffee is great. This is
It's unlikely, sure. Tony does not – nor does he ever intend to – own a van. But knowing Casey is well taken care of during the day means Tony doesn't have so much of that irrational fear to contend with. It's still there, sure, but it's in the back of his mind now, instead of the front.
"You really don't know?" She sounds almost lost.
"Need backup?" asks Clint.
Tony smiles and waves to all the marvels of technology around them. "You've figured plenty out that I haven't even dreamed of. When this is over, trade notes?"
To see this chapter’s illustration by acachette,
are we scattering?" Tony growled, raising his voice.
Whatever feelings he'd been nursing in the back of his mind, whatever hopes and dreams he'd had for a relationship with Steve, he'd killed and buried after Siberia. He'd done everything in his power to move on from that little pipe dream. Steve had betrayed his trust, had run off with Barnes, had beaten Tony and killed his suit.
"There we go, that's what we need," Tony says, clapping his hands together. "Lucky for us, I know how to fix this."
"Tony..." Steve says, stepping forward so they're closer. There's so much behind that one word. So much pain, and longing. Maybe Rhodey's right. Maybe they do need to talk while they still have a chance.
"Yeah... talking about feelings is not Stevie's strong suit. Definitely not the romantic kind of feelings. I don't think he's even been on a date since we got back," Bucky muses.
should affect him differently.
The morning does not start off well. His sleep is broken, and he wakes with a start from a dream that he can't quite remember, but that leaves him feeling out of sorts, a little disconnected, and unsettled. It gets worse when he goes to make breakfast and discovers that he forgot to stop at the store last night, so he's completely out of coffee at home, and there isn't a drop of milk to be found. Casey valiantly puts up with eating toast and peanut butter when he really wanted cereal, but his little face still looks disappointed. Tony feels a bit like a failure.
It's not as opulent as he would have expected, and he's grateful for it. He knows what kind of living quarters T'Challa's palace has in it, and he's glad the king had taken Steve's own preferences into account.
Eventually, the shop gets busy again, and Steve needs to get back to work. Before he leaves, Steve thanks Casey for coming in, and tells the kid that he really enjoyed meeting him and talking. Casey beams with joy and pride, and thanks Steve for the lemonade and the cookie.
"Honeybear!" He says by way of a greeting.
"The exact dinner we ordered? Yes. Yes it is." Tony confirms. "I flew back to the restaurant. They were packing up for the night after all the excitement, but the chef was more than happy to finish our order. He says thanks, by the way. And not to worry about the plate."
"Captain Steve Rogers," Steve continues with a wry smile. "Bucky, Clint and I served together. Long story short, we got out at the same time, needed something to do. So we opened the shop."
It's such a casual statement, but to Steve, it feels like there's more to it. Another layer that reveals something about Tony that feels a little more vulnerable.
"Right. Okay, Anne. Let me tell you what you did right," he says. Anne's head snaps up and she looks at him, confused. "One, you tried to do something new, and innovative. Were you intentionally trying to raise hell and cause harm?"
Steve drops his head on Bucky's shoulder, and Bucky instinctively wraps an arm around him. "Yeah. I will be." Then, before he can second guess himself, he tells Bucky everything. About spinning out, about flashing back, about slogging through the snow, about staying in the hotel, and Tony helping him. Part way through the story, Clint comes in and settles himself on Steve's other side. He leaves out the part where he almost tried to kiss Tony, and the part about Tony's morning wood, and most of the details about Rumiko, choosing instead just to say that Tony told him about Casey's mom, and Steve told Tony about the IED incident. What Tony had shared with him felt... private. It isn't his place to divulge that.
Before he gets a chance to say anything further, the elevator opens into a wide, empty hallway. There's a door across the hall, and Rhodey strides over to it and places his hand flat on some kind of biometric scanner. The door slides open after a moment.
"Tony!"
"And then the Time stone," he gestured to his amulet, "and the Mind stone." He waved a hand in Vision's direction.
"They had to perform surgery to release the pressure in his cranium," Vision says softly beside him. "The doctors aren't entirely sure what caused it, medically, only that it's a byproduct of the energy released by the Infinity Stones."
"Buck, come on," Steve whines.
“You have no idea,” Steve murmurs.
+++++
"Goddammit, Rogers you answer me right this instant!"
"Harmless," Sam says in disbelief. "Did you really just call Tony Stark
The third guy gets a good kick into the side of Steve's knee, and it's still a little tender from the accident with Tony – a lifetime ago but really only days – and Steve's vision goes white. He's down, landing on his good knee and then listing over to the side, but he knows he can't stop, knows there isn't a chance that he can lay down for even a second and still save Casey, so he aims his gun in the general direction of the bastard who'd taken his knee out, and he shoots twice. The guy goes down instantly, and he doesn't move.
"Well, I kind of actually do, now."
"I'm glad you found someone," Steve says, feeling his own sense of relief. It's definitely because of how much less stressed Tony looks now compared to the first day they'd met — which wasn't actually that long ago, even though it feels like ages. The relief
"Nat has the bitch contained, I'm abandoning post to look for him."
“Wow. What a strong, definitive answer,” Stark says, deadpan, a playful twinkle in his eye. “You feel like sparring?”
"You're lucky it wasn't further than that," the man says, and guides Tony over to a chair of his own beside Steve before Tony can protest. "Here, lemme look you over."
"Because we're running out of time! Thanos is coming, and I thought if I took Stark's kid he'd tell me where the stone is. But he's so self-centred even
"He is strong," Vision says comfortingly. "He will fight, you know that."
Not that he cares. He doesn't have time for a crush on the coffee guy. Also, he doesn't have a crush. He'd have to be
Rhodey stares at him, his jaw slack for a moment. "You're bullshitting me right now."
Steve slides off the counter and crosses the floor to them. "I really am happy for you," he says, hugging them both, an arm around each. "I love you both."
Steve. Enough to be a problem.
"Thor, son of Odin," Thanos says, eyeing him up. "come once again to save the Earth." He shakes his head. "Stand aside, Asgardian. I am humanity's last hope. I am the
"Guaranteed immortality! The power of an infinity stone! The ultimate weapon!"
"Oh, yeah, with Secretary Whats-His-Face?" Tony asks distractedly.
"He's not even
"So maybe it's time we thought about… sharing that love. With someone who could stand to see a little bit of that."
Fred excuses himself, leaving Steve alone in the lobby, save for the soft side of Tony's conversation he can hear drifting through the quiet space. Tony is still talking, holding the phone out in front of himself a few minutes later when he makes his way back across the lobby, and perches himself on the arm of Steve's chair.
Tony had told him, back when things were going off the rails with the Sokovia Accords, that he and Pepper had broken up. They hadn't talked about it before they'd gone to the Haven, and then Tony hadn't remembered Pepper had even existed for the duration of their time there.
"Great! Now go make
But Steve's broken heart is proof enough.
"What did you say, then?" Clint asks, eyes sharp as he stares at Tony, looking for some flinch, some tell of a forgotten memory. A twitch that Clint can exploit, push at for more information.
"Where is Thor and his destructo hammer when you need it?"
"I have no idea why this is working, but best. Day. Ever!" Clint yells, letting go another volley of arrows. The rest of the team has swapped out their regular weapons for the paintball rifles, and Steve is ordering a perimeter to keep the slime beasts from wreaking anymore havoc outside the city block. All the civilians had either been cleared or shooed inside, and Tony can see that the restaurant window is packed with faces pressed against the glass as diners watch the battle unfold.
"Hey, no, not what I – okay, this is not how I wanted this to go. Can I try again? You seem stressed. Can I help you feel less stressed?"
Steve wants to ask more questions, but a crowd of college students comes in at just that moment, and it's all hands on deck.
"I did, didn't I? Doesn't really seem like it right now though, let me tell you." Tony shakes his head to clear it. "But there's a coffee cart a couple blocks up from
"Deal," Steve says, giving him a knowing look that makes Tony want to just make out with him here and now, in the middle of the street. He settles for stealing a quick kiss. Steve's mouth tastes absolutely vile, covered in slime residue, but Tony couldn't care less. Any kiss is a good kiss if it's from his Steve.
He closes the door to the bathroom, and locks it, letting out a shaky breath. He'd hoped that eating and casually chatting might settle things in his head, but nope. His brain has decided to play 'Naked Steve Rogers – The Highlight Reel' on repeat in his head. Over, and over again. He closes his eyes, and all he can see is Steve's gorgeous body and his bright smile.
Their whirlwind romance led to a marriage ceremony within eight months, and together they had started a company of their own – Stark Resilient.
"Cap, you done making googly eyes over the crazy rich guy now, or do you need another minute?" Clint asks, snickering as he walks by where Steve is still sitting. Clint moves to bus a nearby table, and Steve realizes he's been staring at the door since Tony Stark left several minutes ago.
Eventually, Natasha tells him it's time to go, and reluctantly, Casey packs up his things and pulls his backpack onto his back again. He gets to his feet, and then throws his little arms around Steve, giving him a huge hug. Steve is pretty sure he forgets how to breathe, he's so happy, and he crouches down so he can return the hug properly.
"Tony," she amends. "your coffee is on the house today."
"I can't promise that. I'm sorry," Strange tells him, and he actually does sound sorry. "I won't be much help until he wakes up again. I'll leave you until then."
Tony watches them, completely oblivious to the passage of time. He thinks sometimes he even joins in on the conversation, though he's barely paying attention and he wouldn't be able to say, later, what the conversation had been about. But Casey and Steve are getting along like a house on fire, and it makes Tony's chest ache.
"We aren't equipped to
He pinches the bridge of his nose and looks up the business itself.
unreasonable. I'm not taking chances. It's nothing personal."
But Thor had stumbled out, bloody and beaten, one eye gone and a patch in its place. His hair was shorn short, and he looked tired and dirty.
This time, when Steve wakes, it's to high heels snapping on tile floor outside the room. The pace is clipped, accompanied by two voices. Peter is gone.
"Didn't he once blow off a DoD meeting to fix our oven?" Bucky asks.
He’s so wrapped up in not thinking that he doesn’t even register that he has a visitor until JARVIS alerts him.
"Yeah, right, listen, you're gonna have to move it," Tony says, shaking his head a little.
heroes. But instead, you're just sitting here, cooling your heels and playing house, like the world isn't ending out there."
Sure, he's good-looking, and he makes great coffee, but I don't
"How much time do you need?" Steve asked, squaring his shoulders and facing Strange straight on.
+++++
"Believe me, I know all too well what's coming our way. If Thanos gets here, he's gonna go right through us to get to the Mind stone," Tony hissed, right in his face.
"Where is he?" Tony repeats Rhodey's question.
Tony shoots one hand out behind himself, and Steve notes that it's wrapped around a cell phone. "Can you hold the light?" Tony asks, and Steve takes the phone and flicks on the flashlight mode, shining it into the oven.
He stands, keeping Casey against his chest with both arms, clutching him protectively.
What Steve had
"Come to me, my sweet salvation," Tony intones, taking the cup, completely oblivious to the exchange that just occured. He takes a sip, and makes that
"Because I'm a delight," Tony says. Rhodey doesn't answer, but disconnects the call.
Tony snorts. "Yeah, well, most players don't have a baby at home."
“Archery tag,” Sam shrugs from across the kitchen, sipping his coffee, complete unfazed. “They’ve been at it for days.”
Sandi slides the cup of coffee over to him. "I told you, Mr. Stark –"
“Yeah. That’s why they couldn’t find it for years. Not until the tech improved.”
At some point, Rhodey comes in and brings him dinner, and doesn’t comment on how red and puffy Tony’s eyes are.
"Where's Vision?" Rhodey asks. It's the first Tony realizes that Vision isn't there with them. He instantly feels guilty about it – technically, Vision had been Casey in the Haven. He's been so rocked by the loss of the little boy that the one piece of him left hadn't even crossed Tony's mind.
"What was that?"
"So they're from the bakery."
That night, Steve expects to dream of the crash. He expects to dream of dragging himself out of the remains of a vehicle, of desperately searching for Bucky, or Tony. But his subconscious decides against being straightforward. Instead, he dreams he's in a plane, hurtling towards the earth, everything around him cold and white. The dream shifts, and he's walking through New York, except there's something off about it, something he can't quite place. But it doesn't feel like
Steve groans and closes his eyes, because he's trapped between them and there is literally nowhere to hide his face. Sometimes he absolutely hates his stupid friends.
Tony chokes off a cry as he comes, orgasm rushing through his ears and over his vision. The cascading water washes away the evidence as quickly as it's there, and Tony leans his forehead against the shower tiles, panting roughly through his open mouth as he tries to catch his breath and come down.
the real hero here."
Steve wants to wish him luck, but the words die in his throat. They're all silent for a few moments.
"What happened?" Steve asks, confused, as he and Bucky head out the back door and start making their way down the street. Steve knows the general direction of Tony's house – he's watched Tony walk Casey to school or watched Tony walk into the shop often enough. Bucky glances at his phone, and Natasha must have texted him because he picks up his pace, destination known now. Together, they work up to a jog – they're both in good enough shape to handle it.
Bucky rolls his eyes. "Don't play dumb, it doesn't suit you. Have you talked to
"Nat!" Clint says happily. "Light of my life." Clint and Bucky take seats at the table next to each other, and sit back, happily listening as Casey regales them with tales of his day. He tells Clint about the sign language, and Clint lights up and immediately starts teaching him more words. Casey thinks this is the best thing to ever happen – Clint makes cookies, and knows hand words, which basically makes him a superhero, as far as Casey is concerned.
Hammer falters a little. "He's – he's an alien, or something. I've been keeping my ear to the ground, you know, so I hear things. He's coming to get the stones, and then he's going to destroy the earth, and getting the stone for yourself is the only way to stop him."
“But?” Tony asks, looking cautious.
The next message is a photo of a terrible, low quality Iron Man action figure knockoff dressed in a pink tutu. Steve is still staring at the picture when another message comes in:
"How long was I out?" he settles on.
"I'll tell you why," Bucky cuts in. "It's because you're in love with him, and it scares the ever loving shit out of you."
Tony. And that was only because it was really hard to
When he wakes, it's darker in the room. He's only disoriented for a moment, then he glances at the time on his phone screen. It's evening, he's been asleep for a few hours. He doesn't have any messages, though, so Tony must still be unconscious.
Natasha orders her tea from Steve, who's up at the till, and as Clint starts pouring the hot water into a mug – the cat one because it's Natasha's favourite and she always smiles a little to herself when she gets it – and watches the way that Steve glances over her shoulder to the street outside. "This better work," Bucky mutters beside him. He, too, is watching Steve and shaking his head.
you, he doesn't want to date me!"
Steve take a step back, trying to stay out of the line of fire until he can come up with a halfway decent plan. He only manages a step and a half before he hits something.
Then all hell breaks loose.
"Look I get that, I think that's great, totally. I'm jazzed. But I need you to do all of that somewhere that
“Come on, you made that easy, you left yourself wide open,” Stark taunts good-naturedly. Steve quickly decides it’s best not to underestimate Stark. He lunges forward and tries to land a hit of his own. Stark blocks the first two, but Steve is fast enough that Stark can’t keep up and the third finds its mark, hitting hard enough across Stark’s jaw to turn his head, and definitely hard enough to sting a little. Steve is about to step back and give Stark some space, when he feels the wind being knocked out of him as the other man delivers a hard uppercut. Steve grunts and takes the blow but before he can respond, Stark steps past him and turns, driving his left elbow back and stopping only an inch from Steve’s face.
Tony's up and headed for the door even as it opens, and Casey runs inside to allow himself to be scooped up and whirled around in Tony's arms.
But it's never that simple.
Tony groans, and hides his face against Steve's shoulder. He does not want to be awake. He does not want to move. He wants to lounge in bed and doze with Steve as his pillow. But JARVIS insists. "May I also remind you that it was you who insisted on the meeting being moved to this morning,"
Strange ignored her, turning to Vision. "We need to find a way to protect
Tony had turned to Rhodey. "Please tell me you smell burnt toast."
"Bucky is fine, and so am I," Steve tells him. "It's Casey. Tony just called, Casey's missing."
Steve looks at him, blinking slowly, and Tony can see the relief in his eyes. "I'd like that," he says softly. "If you're sure?"
say it.
“What? Wait, Steve?” Tony replies, blinking in confusion.
Renovation of the existing space is set to be completed in two weeks' time, according to the development permits. Which means Tony has two weeks to convince them they've chosen a terrible location, and that they should back out of their expansion plan.
"It's just, I mean, I thought maybe we were almost – not that I want to assume, but I thought we were friendly enough that you'd – think of me like that. As a friend."
"Clint, are you seeing this?" Tony asks.
"She just came over to hit on him," Rhodey says. "I think. It was kind of weird."
"Kind of hard when they keep coming from outside the perimeter." Sam yells back.
"Tony…" Steve doesn't know how to finish, isn't even sure what he'd meant to say.
Like now.
He sees the muzzle flash ahead of him at the same time as the loud report of a gun firing in his direction. A pistol at close range, but clearly the guy is a bad shot, because the bullet hits the wall behind him, raining drywall dust down.
"Damn, that's pretty hardcore," Tony remarks.
It's four in the morning before he realizes he should have gone to bed hours ago.
"Right, if you're sure," Tony says, unconvinced.
Romance wouldn't take away from his life with Casey. It would
"You met me at the airport, and you brought me flowers and chocolate." Steve is staring at him in that way he always does when he can't believe how amazing Tony is. For a long time, Tony hated that look. It felt wrong, like Steve didn't mean it, or only thought he was amazing because he wasn't seeing the whole picture. But these days, Tony loves that look, he loves being the object of Steve's wonder and attention, and he loves feeling... well, loved. It was weird. But nice.
"That's – I'm glad. It's a good thing you're doing," Tony tells him.
They'd gathered at the Avengers facility, and Tony was glad for the familiarity of it, if nothing else was familiar. Tony had even brought Peter Parker up from the city – he'd hated to do it, but with the battle coming, Tony had known there wasn't much choice.
"Clint, we paid perfectly good money for a step ladder, get your feet off the damned counter," Steve growls. Armed with his supplies, Clint jumps down as if it were no more difficult than taking a regular step.
"I need you to take those off," Steve grits out, indicating Tony's underwear. "I need you naked."
He grabs the plate and carefully removes the note before popping it in the microwave. His stomach growls loudly, and the few minutes it takes to reheat his meal are an excruciating eternity. The moment the microwave pings, he grabs the plate, barely feeling that it burns his finger tips a little. After years of metal work and welding, a little heat from a plate is nothing. Besides, he is hungry, and he wants food now. Food in hand, he sets himself up in one of the chairs by the large island in the kitchen and pulls his phone out.
Except now, that mood is rapidly deteriorating. They're working side by side – Bucky at the till, Steve making drinks, and it's light and easy the way it always is. Steve smiles at the customers, makes small talk with them like he always does, but it feels... hollow. The clock ticks closer to 9am, and Steve starts glancing up at the door every 30 seconds. It's like he's trying to be subtle about it, but he's failing miserably, on account of 'subtle' not really being Steve's strongest skill. His shoulders are tensing by the minute, and he's winding himself so tightly, Bucky honestly fears that he might snap.
He wants to curl up in a ball, wants to scream and cry. Strange hadn't told him it would feel like this; that the people that they had been over there in that reality – Strange had called it the Haven – would bleed into who they are now. That they would bring back all the memories, all the feelings, all the loves –
Steve would really like to make it out of this without a body count. Tony, it seems, agrees. And neither of them want to risk the HYDRA team making a getaway. Wordlessly, they enter into the fray, heedless of the fact that they’re both unarmed, and still very, very naked. In the far distance outside, Steve can hear sirens approaching, so really they only need to find a way to hold their own a few minutes until backup arrives. But a lot can happen in a few minutes.
Tony glances at his watch, and his eyes widen. "Shit, I have to run. I'll see you later. Thanks for the coffee!" He waves and turns to leave in a hurry, dashing down the street toward his office. Steve watches after him until he's out of sight. When he finally turns away, Sandi is staring at him with amusement.
He glances up when Tony comes out of the bathroom. If he's honest with himself, he'd kind of hoped to get a glimpse of Tony's body again, but he comes out fully dressed. There's a tantalizing tease where his shirt isn't buttoned all the way, but it's not as much skin as he wishes he were seeing.
"We're not the police." It's Natasha, she must have gotten closer to Tony, and she doesn't even sound out of breath anymore. "You'll probably wish we were."
"Agreed," Bucky says. "And speaking of not being able to lose people… " He nods over to the door, and Steve looks up again just in time to see Tony walking in with with a redheaded woman. She stands placidly, like she could be just any old person on the street, but there's something in the set of her shoulders and the way she's sizing up the shop, its exits, and every person inside in seconds that Steve recognises. He's not sure if she's military, exactly, but she's certainly no stranger to the habits. She's beautiful – maybe a girlfriend? He doesn't think she's Casey's mom, Tony had mentioned being a single father. Steve is suddenly filled with a hot burst of jealousy, which is stupid, because he absolutely doesn't think of Tony that way at all.
It's nearing on a week since he's seen Tony. Tony and Rhodey had dropped him off in front of the shop, and he'd said goodbye. He wishes he'd known it might be the last time he saw Tony. He would have lingered a moment longer, said something different. But it's too late for that now. Tony had made it pretty clear that he didn't want to see Steve. Why the hell had his stupid brain betrayed him? What the hell had possessed him to try and kiss Tony? That had to be the issue, and now everything is messed up between them. Steve's lost Tony, he's lost Casey, he's lost friends.
"A nice person with a gorgeous ass who makes goo goo eyes at you and your shoulders." Bucky pats his shoulder to emphasize the point. "Admit it, Steve, you like the guy. And it's okay. It's good for you. Besides, turns out he's not actually an asshole like you first thought, so that's a win.
"Yeah, you
+++++
"You make coffee, and you make art, what else do you make?" Casey asks curiously.
"You're both ridiculous," Rhodey says, exasperated as he stands up from the table, tossing back the last of his coffee with a deep swallow. "You deserve each other."
And badly in need of a coffee.
funny. I like you. I’ll be right back with that drink, handsome.” As she leaves, she somehow manages to find and excuse to touch his arm again, her slender fingers and long nails lingering too long and squeezing his bicep too tightly.
+++++
Tony stares at him, mouth agape for a long moment. Then he seems to give himself a mental shake, and grins right back.
Tony doesn’t budge. “Fine. I’ll do the talking.”  Steve doesn’t want to hear it, but Tony is between him and any reasonable way out, and he really doesn’t want to cause yet another scene, so he braces himself for the inevitable tirade.
But as soon as Tony arrives at the shop to pick him up – coffee, after all – all of the anxiety fades away, and the drive upstate is wonderful. It's a bright, crisp, early December day, and while they spend most of the drive talking, they also enjoy a few quiet moments that are somehow still comfortable. Steve finds himself thinking how
They spend the rest of the day cleaning in the aftermath. Halfway through the cleanup, someone tells Bruce what Tony had done, and the Hulk finally makes an appearance. Steve just stares at him tiredly, then turns away and continues helping the moderately injured make their way to the secondary medical tents.
“No. I don’t know. Maybe. Probably not,”  he shrugs. Natasha says nothing, simply raising an eyebrow as a prompt for him to continue.
She gives him a smile, and he can't decide what's off about it, except that there's something. It's almost predatory, which is usually a pretty good indicator of what's about to happen, in his experience.
"We didn't mean for this. This isn't what were were trying for," the girl says.
Wanda glared mutinously at him, but she looked as though she was going to stop arguing – for the time being.
"Tony, love, why did you move a meeting to this early in the morning?" Steve asks him.
"It is you who will stand down, Titan," Thor challenges.
"Yeah," Tony says, glancing down at Steve's leg. "Except you're hurt. Because I'm a selfish idiot who pressed through a storm. Like an idiot."
"I hate you," Steve says without heat, but he looks up at Tony gratefully.
Steve blinks. "You don't just – people don't just call platonic friends 'sugarplum' and 'honeybear' and – what was it last week? 'Sugarcrisp'? Those are ridiculous nicknames, what was I supposed to think?"
"I'm sorry, Tony, I shouldn't have –"
yelling. Tony's voice somehow breaks through the chaos and Steve is so relieved to hear his voice that his knees almost turn to water.
"Yeah, like 'always' cause he's
They both regain their footing in a second and move to strike again, when out of nowhere, Tony appears behind the guy, still wielding his barstool, and brings it down on the back of the guy’s head. He drops like a sack of bricks and doesn’t move.
"Yeah, that's what I thought," Bucky says.
Tony lets his head drop back onto the pillow behind his head, looking balefully at Steve above him. "I
. And you should have called.”
you, Tony, you keep forgetting that, but I know you and I love you like a brother and you have gross romantic feelings for this guy –"
"Turn around, Case!" he yells, and Casey doesn't even hesitate. He's so good, such a good kid, Steve thinks wildly, and as soon as Casey's turned around, Steve unloads the rest of his clip into the guy.
He knows who the boy is. They haven't met officially, and Steve hasn't seen him out of his mask, but he recognizes the voice and there's only one teenage boy that would be visiting Tony Stark in a hospital room. Plus, they're in Wakanda, and there are only so many non-Wakandans here.
"Top drawer," Tony answers, waving distractedly in the direction of the night stand.
“Now this is a story all about how my life got flipped, turned upside down,” Stark half sings out of nowhere. Steve stares at him blankly. Clearly he’s missing something. “Yeah, don’t worry about it. You’ll catch up,” Stark tells him. Steve isn’t convinced, but he lets it slide.
“Exactly my point! Brussels is very definitely not here. Where I am. And where he should be,” he complains.
to take my darling dearest boyfriend out to lunch before he took off to god-only-knows where.”
"Damn right I'd be more pissed," Bucky agrees. "But seriously, Steve, are you okay?"
Steve indulgently passes the mug to Tony – handle first – while Tony blinks sleepily at him. Tony brings it to his face, and takes a moment to inhale deeply, letting the smell of it permeate his being. He takes a slow sip – and yes, Steve does still make a mean cup of coffee.
He can tell Rhodey's about to ask another question, but the door opens, then, and Bucky and Clint come back.
It's awful and Tony
because I need something that wasn't a dead-end endeavour. I swear, Tony, you've turned me into Sisyphus, trying to roll your thick head up the hill of 'not acting like a moron'."
, he thinks to himself.
tell me that you crashed your car in a ditch!"
He showers first, and takes his time doing it. The battle had been long, and he probably should have done this earlier. He'd used a wet towel, hours ago, to get the worst of the blood and gore off of him while he'd been at Tony's bedside, and he'd stripped out of his uniform and into some sweatpants and a T-shirt that someone had brought him, but he hadn't had a true shower.
, that he can't quite come up with anything.
"Nah, guess not." It's just the two of them, so it's not like they have to worry about disturbing anyone else, but there is something about laying in the dark in the middle of the night that makes hushed voices seem more appropriate – more comfortable. Steve is quiet for a moment, but then speaks up, hesitantly.
"That's a pretty damn special kid," Bucky remarks softly, resting his hand on Steve's shoulder and squeezing gently. Steve's heart tugs with longing, and he sighs.
"I took him to the little pop-up petting zoo in Central Park," she nods.
because Tony comes in every. Single. Day. For coffee, sure, Steve makes a damn good brew. But also to
The shop is empty inside when he arrives — thank god for small mercies. The few patrons at the establishment are sitting outside, enjoying the early summer sun and
Casey is primary.
“I don’t know. I thought maybe it would be better. If I got some space for a while.”
Sam's the next one in to try and drag Steve away, but Pepper had been there only a few hours ago, so Steve's eaten and slept already. Sam sits in the chair on the other side of Tony's bed, sprawling loosely, and then stares at Steve.
Steve reaches over and sets his hand gently on Tony's arm. "He's not alone, Tony. Nat's with him, remember? She'll stay with him for the night. And if she can't for whatever reason, then Clint and Bucky can."
Tony’s about to say something else (definitely not something sweet or sappy, because he is
. Pull it together, Stark.
"True story. I'll show you pictures when we're back. When it finally hit, it hit hard. I shot up, filled out. Starting training with Bucky so we could make it into the army together. Then, well, a few years of active service and I kind of just... gained a lot of muscle. Comes with the job."
"Accepted on behalf of the Avengers," he says, and promptly attempts to tune them all out.
"I swear, if you stared any harder at him, your retinas would burn out."
"Tony!" he calls, bounding down the stairs. He's in Tony's space in seconds, wrapping his arms up in what will always be the best hug ever. "I didn't expect you to be here. Pepper said you had a meeting,"
"We were
Mission. Fucking. Accomplished.
Except, apparently, that he did. Even now, even knowing that the Haven wasn't
"I'm making my way in deeper," Natasha pants. "Dispatched two hostiles, lost the others."
Steve nods. "I'm serious. So if security and sketchy kidnappers skulking around is what you're worried about, trust me when I say, we have better security than any other establishment would have. And, we have the best coffee. Just think about how nice it'll be in the autumn to drop your son off to school and get a cup of the best coffee in the city in one stop."
"I do! I do!" Casey dives back into his bag and pulls out a pencil. He turns the notebook to a new page. Steve isn't quite sure how to explain drawing, but they start by talking about shapes, and then practice making them. Steve explains how everything you draw is made up of shapes, and then details added to make it look more realistic. He explains that sometimes it's nice to draw stuff that you can see, and sometimes it's okay to look at another picture. And sometimes you can just use your imagination and make whatever you want. Soon, the blank pages of the notebook are filled with doodles, and Steve draws a few silly cartoons that make Casey laugh.
“The hell I can’t,” an unfamiliar voice replies. “Need I remind you, Agent, it was SI funding that led to finding him?”
"If you have time, would you like to join us?" Natasha asks as he slides their finished drinks across the counter to them. Casey looks up, wide eyed and hopeful, as Natasha passes down his cookie plate. How could Steve possibly disappoint him? Besides – the shop is quiet. There's a couple off in one corner chatting quietly and laughing with each other, and the somewhat curt woman that had come in a few minutes earlier when Evan had still been at the counter, is sitting at a table by herself and typing furiously on a laptop, but otherwise the shop's empty. And he could use a break.
“What does being pretty have to do with it?” Steve asks.
Sam sighs, lets his head fall back, and stares at the ceiling. "Why is it so hard to get you to understand that the Haven was a real experience? It wasn't some fever dream, Cap. We went there, we lived there. Yeah, we're back here now, but that doesn't erase it."
"I'm serious!" Tony continues. "Least he stuck around to help clean up the training room."
"I wish," Rhodey had muttered, glancing around at the circus surrounding them.
than that he wants the
“Excuse me?” Steve and Coulson say at the same time, staring blankly at Stark. Steve bristles and flicks his gaze to Coulson, but before he can snap back Coulson cuts in.
He's saved from any further attempts to convince himself by the ding of the elevator outside the front door – Casey and Natasha have arrived home.
"Thanos is coming
Then, there it is. A door. Up ahead, a little to his right. A heavy door opening with a loud, metallic scrape, a thud against a concrete wall.
"Interesting," Bucky says with a false casualness. "But see, I have a different theory. I think the reason you haven't been around, is that you're avoiding Steve."
Tony frowns in thought. "I can still see you, buddy. So I guess it's not invisibility. Maybe you have super speed now? How fast do you think you can run and wash your hands for supper?"
"I'm sure," Tony whispers into Casey's hair, even though he's entirely not.
"Human," Thanos hisses.
It's Friday afternoon, and he's given Natasha the afternoon off. Of course, he has no intentions of getting through the afternoon without a coffee, so on their way to the park, Tony had decided they'd stop in at Brewed Awakening. Plus it would be a nice treat for Casey, who hasn't been inside yet.
And then Steve watches in absolute horror as Tony retracts his armour's gauntlet, frees his hand and slips it into the glove.
Steve smiles softly, and kisses Tony's temple. "It's nice to see him doing so well. I'm glad."
"Can, too."
Tony's little sojourn out to Brooklyn means that he has to stay up even later to catch up on Stark Resilient work after Casey's in bed sleeping. He falls asleep on the couch with his tablet in his lap at around five. He gets Casey off to school, glaring daggers at the renovations at Brewed Awakening Jr., then drags himself to his office. He deals with a few shareholder memos he'd rather not deal with, looks over fourth-quarter projections to put himself in a better mood, then starts working on some of the
“Uh, Tony?”
"Good. I asked Miss Natasha if we could come and get a cookie even though Daddy isn't here and she said
"Hammer?" Quill responds, "He didn't have one. Some kind of family drama, I dunno, honestly I wasn't paying attention to half of what he said. But he stole Rocket and Groot and ran off. Something about an axe? That guy."
, please,”
“What, no apology?” Tony huffs, glaring up at the man.
"It doesn't need any help from me," Bucky shrugs. "Makes plenty of sense on its own."
"Casey wasn't
Tony snorts at that, half in disbelief, because what are the odds? But he looks up at Steve and glances over his shoulder to where Man-bun and the attractive-but-not-as-attractive-as-Steve blond are still standing behind the counter, watching them without bothering to hide that they're watching.
"You know, if I hadn't seen your service record with my own two eyes, I'd never believe that you used to be elite spec ops."
"I'd better get a move on," Tony says apologetically. "I really should get to the office."
On the other end of the line, he hears Tony draw in a shaky breath. "Someone took Casey."
Tony blinks at him for another moment, opening and closing his mouth like a fish out of water, then holds up his hand and points his index finger right into Rhodey's face. He doesn't say anything for a moment, still struggling with how to get himself out of this mess, but then he takes a deep breath.
. I told him I'd be home to tuck him in. I promised him." The pitch in Tony's voice is rising, his eyes widening as panic and hysteria threaten to overtake his reason. As long as Steve has known Tony, Casey is the only thing that makes him respond like that. Just the thought of his son not being okay sends him into an overprotective panic.
"It has been," Tony agrees. "I'm really hoping that once I have this project up and going, I can be a little more hands off, and have a little more time."
. It's all – it's all magic!"
He looks up, and gives Tony one of those warm, pure, genuine smiles. The kind that makes Tony's heart melt, and that tells him Steve isn't lying to him when he says he's okay. There is more going on here, more than Tony understands, but what he does understand is that Steve Rogers is one tough son of a bitch. The tub reaches a decent level, and Tony shuts the water off and stands. He takes the towel from Steve and shakes it out into the bathroom garbage. Then, once again, he helps Steve to his feet, praying to every god that may or may not exist that he doesn't blush as Steve tugs his boxers off — Tony keeps his eyes on the ceiling — and manages to step out of them. It takes some work, but they manage to get Steve into the tub. The sound that Steve makes as he sinks into the warm water is absolutely sinful, and threatens to go straight to Tony's dick.
be here,” Tony says pointedly. Of course she didn’t. She just orchestrated it so they both just
Tony aggressively ignores rush of pride at the fact that Rogers knows about his company
"Yeah, he's the owner. Well, one of the owners. But the coffee always tastes better when Steve makes it."
"Got it, Cap."
Steve laughs as Tony pulls him out, feeling happiness bubble up in his chest.
That's one of many things Natasha appreciates about him. She knows that underneath that calm, a storm rages in Bucky as it does in her. It's buried deep, but it's there. A talent neither of them had asked for.
"What is this mind stone?"
Tony shrugs. "Like I said, figured it out by accident. It could have been any number of chemicals in the fluid, I was just really hoping it was that one, and we got lucky and it was."
“You’re right, I can,” Natasha agrees. “But I’m not going to. Because realistically, Steve, you are far less likely to look out of place visiting a strip club than I will. At least, this particular strip club.” Steve sighs, and flips through the file again. “Come on, you know I’m right.”
Steve stares at him with deep, unbelieving affection. "You pushed off a meeting for one of the biggest breakthrough projects you've done in I don't know how long, just so you could meet me at the airport?"
Tony lets himself wallow for all of a day before he decides it’s time to get his shit together. Steve might not remember him, but dammit, this is still his Steve, and he isn’t going to just give up on him.
Tony shifts, pulls his hand away from Steve's and starts moving, trying to – he's trying to push himself up into a sitting position and Steve reaches out to stop him, fumbling with the controls on the bed at the same time so he can use the hydraulics to elevate Tony's head. "Sweetheart, stop, you shouldn't – you need to rest, don't try to get up –"
"How've you been?" Bucky asks casually. "We haven't seen you around the shop in a while."
They'd set Tony's comm unit to pick up long-range sound as well as close, so they can hear the woman's response.
with you.”
Bucky hangs up his own phone call, and reaches over to pluck Steve's phone from his hand.
Great. They'd spent so much time and energy focused on defending themselves against Thanos, they hadn't stopped to consider the potential for attracting attention from another direction. Stupid.
Tony knows a losing battle when he sees one, so he decides to ignore Rhodey completely, and turns back to Steve, ridiculously charmed by the bemused expression on his face as he pours Tony's black coffee into an oversized ceramic cup. "Don't mind Rhodey," he says, positioning his shoulders just so, so that he's turned slightly away from his best friend. "He's suffering from heat stroke, or asshole stroke. One or the other."
"Oh, well, in that case," Tony breaks in, sipping at his coffee, "I actually have to go to Rochester on Thursday for a meeting. I was thinking of driving up for a change of scenery. I could take you? The company might be nice."
to see Tony in again.
"Hey!" Tony says, but there's no heat behind it. He's grown to be comfortable with his level of hovering when it comes to Casey. "I think I've grown as a person," he continues. "I found him a nanny that I leave him alone with, didn't I?"
He finally strips his clothes off, taking his underwear – his stupid, ridiculous, embarrassing underwear – with them. He opens the shower door and turns the taps on, considers turning the water cold to deal with his unwanted desire.
His stomach growls, and he takes his frustration and hunger out on a rogue slime ball that is trying to crawl its way up the side of a building in an alley. He’s supposed to be down there, eating dinner with Steve and having a lovely evening with the love of his life. Not out here shooting goddamn paintballs at piles of goop
At that Tony snorts. “You’re probably the only person who would call my workshop ‘inviting,’” he says. Steve doesn’t seems to take offence. He merely shrugs.
. Bare ass hanging out and I was supposed to
"I can't thank you enough," Steve says into the place where Tony's neck meets his shoulder. "Really, Tony, you've saved me so much."
"I can protect you!"
. He has a
"Sam, hey, this is Tony, he's gonna give the oven a shot."
Steve had also read all about the tumultuous last few years that SI had had at the hands of its namesake. Howard had died a long time ago, he’d learned. But his son, Tony, had risen. He’d taken the company to new heights, and then, after going missing in the desert for three months, had re-emerged and completely changed the direction of the business. And he’d also donned a flying suit of armour and became a superhero.
"Oh, no, I know your crush face, man, and this is an actual
Thanos," Tony shouted. "We can't win against him."
“You can get me the hell out of here,” Steve snaps. Coulson opens his mouth to reply but Steve cuts him off. “I’m serious. I need to get out of here. I want my own space. I want to not be living here. With, or without your help, I’m leaving.”
Tony's world. The idea of someone else getting to have all the hours of Casey's day, his giggles and his smiles and his hugs, is like a knife in Tony's gut.
"That good, huh?"
"You're gorgeous, Tony," Steve murmurs, pulling away from Tony's cock as well. "Are you ready for me?"
children, but this child, the one growing inside her, was precious and perfect and a dream come true.
"Where's – where's my daddy?" Casey asks through sobs. "The lady said – the lady said he was hurt, is he – is Daddy okay?"
actually listening, not just nodding politely.
"Was. Not."
"He's got a pulse, but it's weak. His pupils are blown."
+++++
Tony scoffs. "Sugarbear, you know if I started flirting there'd be no doubt in the room." He ignores the way his heart speeds up and his cheeks go hot. He had
"We feed them anyway," Steve shrugs. "I'm not going to turn away folks who need it. It's not just the homeless, either, though we do occasionally partner up with a shelter in Brooklyn to provide meals to them. I had a single mom come in a few times just after we opened up the Brooklyn shop. She'd just got out of a rough relationship, left her husband and took her two kids, was between jobs. Ran out of money before she ran out of month a few times. We helped make sure she and the kids didn't go hungry. Now she's back on her feet with a good job and in a relationship with another wonderful woman. They come in once a week for lunch and always donate a meal." Steve isn't sure why he's suddenly telling Tony all of this. He barely knows the man, and Tony has no real reason to care. But Tony is listening to him,
for is to be Steve's friend, and he doesn't really deserve more than that, so the words stand as they are.
"That's too big a risk," Strange said.
Nope. Not even a little.
Tony sounds genuinely confused. "I'm sorry? I actually don't know who you're talking about."
Or it was, until he stepped outside several hours later and saw the sky fully overcast and the wind picking up. "Storm's blowing in from the lakes," Vanessa, their new maple syrup distributor warns him. "If you plan on making it back to the city tonight, you better leave now or you're not going to make it."
"We're going to stand and fight, because it's what we do," said Steve, jaw muscle jumping.
It was too bad that peaceful, emotional moment that he’d shared with Tony in the hospital hadn’t lasted. Almost from the time that Steve and Tony were back in the same space they were back on each other’s cases. Steve had been trying to make it work but… it wasn’t going well.
"– Tony." He breathes, heart pounding hard and fast in his chest.
And somehow, Steve can’t say no. Without even thinking about it, he manages to drag himself to his feet, wash his tear stained face and make himself look a little more presentable. There isn’t much he can do about the puffy redness around his eyes, but it’ll fade quickly enough. He hopes that maybe Tony won’t notice, or at least will be kind enough to not comment.
“What? Sex before the first date? Why Rogers, I never would have imagined.”
"There, now we've settled that, I think it's time for that shower, don't you?" Steve says. "Not sure what's the hold up."
"Wanda," Vision argued. "I'll go alone."
Sometime later, once the game of fetch winds down, Tony glances up from his work as Steve takes a seat near him. His forehead is drawn tight with concentration, and he peers over at the files Tony had opened off to the side.
The air rushes out of his lungs and his stomach drops. "Absolutely not."
“Those are brain scans,” Steve says.
"Me, too," Steve agrees. For a second, Tony thinks Steve is going to say something else, but his eyes slide shut and his breath evens out. He's asleep almost immediately. Tony's also tired, but he can't keep himself from staying awake for a while longer, just so that he can look at Steve and savour the feeling of having Steve's warm body pressed against his. It's still unbelievable to him, that this is something that he has in life. A stable relationship with Steve, someone so amazing and incredible, who loves Tony as much as Tony loves Steve. It took a hell of a lot to get to this point, but now that they're here, Tony feels like he's won the lottery every day.
Steve feels his whole body tense up, feels the back of his throat tighten and burn. He swallows hard.
"What if we called the Guardians back," Tony tried. "They could take him with them, get him away from here."
Tony and Casey stay for a few minutes more before Tony decides to make good on his threat of making Casey run off all his sugar energy on the playground before they head home for dinner. On the sidewalk, Casey skips along and takes Tony's hand, gripping his tiny fingers around Tony's.
Tony doesn't say anything – what
While helping Steve into the bathroom, Tony regrets all of his life choices that have led him to this moment. Most recently, he regrets having Steve undress before they got to the tub. He hadn't considered what having Steve's bare skin under his hands – even just to help him walk – would be like. It's bad enough that he can see Steve like this, with all his coiled strength; the way his defined muscles move under his skin, the way his broad shoulders shift, the strong, defined thighs. The sight is enough to make Tony want to put his mouth on every inch of Steve's skin, to map it out, to leave a trail of kisses down Steve's back, to suck a mark on the inside of his thigh. But feeling Steve's heat pressed against his body – that's even worse. As cold as they both are, Tony feels a heat and a want surge through him. It takes an alarming amount of self control to keep his body from responding inappropriately. It's okay, he just has to get Steve to the tub, one step at a time. Don't think about how nice Steve feels, or how nice it is to have some semblance of shared warmth. It's the longest 15 feet of his life.
"Not even making out? Finally confessing your feelings?"
For Clint and Steve, it's like a burst of light, a moment when the sun crests the horizon in the east, turning the dim shadows of dawn into an explosion of colour, light and warmth. It's why Bucky and Natasha have been so drawn to both of them, she imagines.
To see this chapter’s illustration by acachette,
here, he's not all that nice. He just stares at you, looking all sad. So, did he ask you out and you said no because you're a moron?"
"I can not stand idly by, no more than could you. Others will fight, and risk their lives for this world. For this universe. I will do no less than the same."
They looked around at each other for a long moment.
cookies, and he's determined to try each and every kind. As soon as Clint hears about this, he sets out to come up with different weird combinations, so that by the time Casey gets through all the standard array, there will be more new flavours and kinds for him to try. Clint admits one evening while he's whipping up a batch of maple glazed apple crisp cookies that he's actually really enjoying the excuse to experiment with baking a little bit.
It's too easy to think about how easily Steve would slot into their lives. Too easy, and too dangerous. It was one thing to face off against Rhodey's teasing about flirting, it's another thing entirely to imagine Steve and Casey together outside the shop. The three of them walking down the street, each of them holding on to one of Casey's hands. Steve and Casey chasing each other around the playground. Curling up together on the couch watching cartoons, just the three of them. And late in the night, when Casey is sound asleep in his room, Steve and Tony laid out in a warm bed, limbs tangled together.
Tony hoped he wasn't being too melodramatic. He was terrified, though, that they had no idea what horror was coming.
Her lip trembles.
"I found the source. Gonna go deal with it now," Tony tells them.
"Well, mostly no harm. Except, you know, your knee."
Steve is straining to hear, because he doesn't understand, he must have misheard, but some part of him, somewhere deep in his lizard brain, there are alarm bells clanging, something isn't right, but he doesn't –
"I'd like to speak to the owner, actually, is there a way I can get in touch with him?" Tony replies, proud of how detached and not-at-all invested he sounds.
Even now, as Stark Resilient is becoming a household name, Tony comes in late to make sure he can drop Casey off at preschool. He leaves early so he can pick Casey up. He'd found them a penthouse just a couple of blocks away so that they'd be close. More often than not, Tony tries to work from home after Casey gets out of school, conferencing in with his staff. He's only just recently begun the hunt for a nanny, as the business gets more and more intense.
+++++
"Steve! Watch out!"
But it turns out that he doesn’t have to worry, because Tony can carry a conversation all on his own, and he launches into telling Steve about how he’d found the ballet Iron Man online, and that segued into Tony talking about about what he was working on at the time, and suddenly… it’s easy. Tony hauls the conversation along, and Steve has enough space to ask questions without feeling awkward or pressured. Tony seems happy to explain things Steve doesn’t understand, but he’s not patronizing about it. By the time their food arrives, every napkin on the table is covered in pen diagrams from Tony explaining things to Steve, and he stops only long enough to shove a bite of pancake into his mouth and wash it down with another swallow of coffee. Steve follows suit, and takes a bite of his own, and then freezes, eyes widening.
He loses track of time after that. The worst of the sobs have subsided, but he’s still hit with the occasional wave, like all of his feelings are still scrambling to evacuate. He wishes they would just hurry up and get it done so he didn’t have to feel anything anymore.
Steve shrugs with forced casualness. "I know coffee."
"No, no, not a big deal," Tony says.
"He's somewhere you can't get to him," she says, and her voice is cold.
Natasha gives him a look, quirking one eyebrow in a way that makes Tony feel like he's under a microscope, but she gives him a little nod. "Sure, if you like."
Clint sets a few packages of beans on the counter. "Still worth it, yeah?"
Casey's little arms wind around his neck to return the embrace, and he plants a sloppy kiss on Tony's cheek before he turns around and runs back to his friends, one arm waving in the air as he calls back, "Bye, Daddy!"
Steve shakes his head. "The wiring is outdated, the wires themselves are old and degrading, and the current set up doesn't have any capacity for the 220. I'd have to quite literally rip out and redo everything in the walls. The walls which, incidentally, given the age of the building, are full of asbestos, so once they're open, I'd have to deal with the abatement before I could even consider the electrical issue."
"I mean, trust me. If we tell him how he feels, or try and strong arm him into this, he's just going to reject it, clam up and pull away even more." Bucky shakes his head. "No, he has to think it's his idea."
The bad news is, the biggest creature yet, King Slime Lord himself, is slowly but surely making his way through The Village, picking up all the little baby slimelings and adding them to his overwhelming mass.
Natasha veers off a side street, and Sam stays on a more direct path.
," Tony says coldly, turning to give Steve a betrayed glare.
Steve actually leads Tony outside onto the sidewalk, and for a moment Tony actually has a sharp stab of fear – this guy is
to him, okay? I promise you, you're more than good enough for him. And he's definitely good enough for you."
Steve finds him one night in the kitchen, up late, pouring himself another cup of coffee. Before he can drink it though, Steve takes the cup from his hands and offers him a cup of hot chocolate instead. Tony takes the cup and sips carefully. It tastes exactly how it’s supposed to. Steve heads out to the balcony, and Tony follows behind without saying anything.  For a moment, they stand together, staring out over the city.
Surprisingly, it does get easier after that. Every morning, Tony makes a point to find Steve and ask him what he dreamed about, or what he thinks he remembers. Steve starts asking a lot more questions, and Tony is only too eager to fill in the blanks.
Of all the things that Tony could have said, of all the reasons that Steve had never heard mention of Casey's mom, this is quite possibly the worst. Tony's words are a punch to the gut.
"Let yourself get close?" Bucky finishes. Tony nods, and Bucky continues. "Yeah, Steve is having the same struggle. He's head over heels in love with you, too, and he's too blinded by fear to see that you feel the same."
"Tony," Rhodey calls, appearing from down the corridor.
“Plane fell through ice. Ended up in a cavern and got covered,” Steve says, closing his eyes briefly as he remembers the report.
Tony keens, thrusts down and jerks himself off, hand stroking hard and fast over his own erection because he's close, he's so close, he just needs –
"Wow, I didn't even know you were
"No!" howls Tony, and Steve runs faster, he doesn't even know where he's going, but it doesn't matter. He'll find Casey – he has to.
"It's not what you think," Pepper says softly. "We're not – we tried again, for a little while. But it wasn't right, we both knew it. He and I – we're not together."
"I can smell it, it's not strong enough."
He'd given his knee a couple of none-too-gentle pokes while he'd been in the tub, after Tony had left him alone, because there was no way he was going to try to jerk off in the bathtub with Tony just outside the door.
A job that isn’t going well for him, seeing as every time he tries to prod the conversation towards something useful, she turns the tables and comes at him with questions of her own.  It’s enough to make him curse with frustration. He sticks to his cover story, but he gets the impression that she doesn’t quite believe him. She lowers herself onto his lap and runs her fingers teasingly down the front of his chest. It would feel nice, if he weren’t thinking of fingers stained with motor oil.
Tony moves fluidly, confidently, like he does everything. He walks around the bed and goes to slide in on the other side.
Tony stares. "Is that… do you not want me to call you by your name?"
He’s midway through a sketch of Gabe and Bucky, trying desperately to get the light in Bucky’s eyes just right as he laughs at something Gabe says, but he can’t get it
So he didn't want Steve anymore.
Clint and Bucky look at each other. "I thought you were going to tell him?" Clint says.
Wanda and Vision are helping to transport people for medical attention.
"You don't deserve it," Natasha tries, bluffing out a hunch.
Tony Stark," Rhodes says. "Your name is on the building, on all the business cards. They wanted to talk to
"He expecting you?" Asks the door man, picking up a simple black telephone and bringing it to his ear. He punches a couple of buttons on the touchpad attached to it.
It's enough of a reassurance to make Tony feel a little less light-headed.
"Left again. For good, this time. I think it might be because I keep making stupid decisions like this, but I'm not sure." Tony smirked. "Probably for the best. For her, I mean. Safer, less stressful."
Tony pops out of the oven with a grin, eyes sparkling. He's got a smudge on his cheek, and his hair is wildly mussed. His shirtsleeves are rolled up to the elbow so Steve can see the ropey muscles of his forearms, and he looks just disheveled enough to look ridiculously sexy.
"Hey, it's okay. Sorry I've been too wrapped up in my own world to see what was right in front of me."
"So what I'm saying is that if you want to have a hope in hell of making something work with Tony, you're going to have to get through that
Tony jumps to his feet and is halfway to the door before she stops him, hand resting gently but firmly on Tony’s arm.
Tony's brain falls off the track, and he and Steve both turn to stare at him.
"Name's Fred," the man says as he grabs a pocket flashlight from his hip and shines it into Tony's eyes. "Anything hurt...?"
"Then at the very least, if you wear those to bed, you'll make
were going to die? The first time I saw your ass, I knew it was the most perfect thing I was ever going to see," he laughs, running his hands through Tony's hair. "And then you were wearing that goddamned
Not that they had gotten anywhere even
Sam is still laughing as Steve leads him across the shop to a table in the corner and sits down. "Honestly, Sam, why did I think going into business with my best friends was a good idea?"
He glances at the time. A little over 13 hours and then Steve would be all his, and nothing short of the world ending would get in their way.
How is that even fair?
"Ours is better," Rogers shrugs.
"Tony, I'm okay," Steve promises. "Messy, but okay." Tony doesn't really want to let go, but he has to begrudgingly admit that Steve really does seem fine.
“You’re an idiot,” Tony tells him. And here it comes. “You’re such a goddamn idiot and I don’t even know what to do with you, Rogers. Where the hell did you get it into your head that I couldn’t stand to be around you?”
Of course, Tony's genius intelligence meant an accelerated education, meaning his rebellious teenage years had come earlier than most. He'd been quietly shuffled off to rehab by the time he was 14, he'd gotten his drinking and drug use under what he had referred to, at the time, as 'under control', and managed his first degree by age 19. His parents had died when he'd been 20, and at 21, he'd signed away all rights to Stark Industries to Obadiah Stane, his father's former second-in command. He'd continued to skip on and off the rails for the next 10 years, partying and taking drugs and not caring about anything but the next time he could get high, and then had eventually watched, horrified, as Stane had not only run the company into the ground, but gotten it mostly torn apart by the FBI and the SEC when it came to light that he'd been bringing in a lot of money on the side by selling weapons on the black market.
"Why not?"
"Yes, ma'am," he says. "Made it through fine. You?"
– he cuts off that line of thought at the same time that Tony springs back, embarrassment of his own evident.
The power of the Infinity Stones is absolute. Strange and Thor had explained it to them. Very few beings in the universe have the strength to wield an infinity stone, let alone four of them. The Guardians had used the Power stone, once, but it had taken four of them, and they had still nearly been consumed by it.
," Rhodey says pointedly, "is that I just got a call, and we're
“My brain scans,” Steve adds. Tony nods again.  Steve considers this for a moment and then asks, “why did I come down here? It felt… right. But I don’t know why.”
"I… am willing to admit, that would be nice," Tony manages to admit.
Tony’s hand shot up into the air, and he flipped his middle finger back at Clint as he followed Steve. He ignored the cackling that down the hall echoed after them.
"Oh, like Rhodey," Casey nods.
pushing
. But at the same time, she feels her pulse jump, feels her thoughts scatter for an instant. It doesn't last long, but a glance sideways at Bucky tells her that he'd felt it, too. Not recognition, not a memory. More like a record needle skipping before it rights itself. A jarring confusion, and then it's smoothed over and everything is fine.
"Yeah." Tony points his chin in Steve's direction. "I've got company."
it. And the thing is, the
“That’s a sign that you’re healing, a good sign.” Tony could feel himself growing more excited, more hopeful for the first time in days.
"Yeah, sure. What is it?" Tony asks him.
"You are very smart," Steve agrees, looking over the pages of carefully written out math problems. He's definitely Tony's son, no doubt about that.
"Sure, sure, laugh it up," he says. "It's not like I expected to be in a room with anyone while
he'd made. God, it was like pure sex, like that hot water was the most pleasurable thing Steve had ever felt.
"Stevie, buddy, you're gonna have to be a little more specific than that. You've seen our lives."
Sam shifts, maybe leans against the counter and brushes against something because there's a scraping sound, and Tony jumps back as though he's been burned. Steve starts and whips his head toward Sam, who's blinking at them both owlishly. Tony rubs the back of his neck, taking another step back, and then strides forward and holds out his hand for Sam.
"Have you talked to him since you got back?"
Except maybe right now.
Steve had been pretty easy going about the whole thing. He'd taken the key from Fred, and told Tony it was fine, all he wanted was a hot shower and bed. Only now, as Tony watches Steve sitting on a chair, wincing as he tries to pull his soaking wet jeans off, he realises that a hot shower isn't going to be a straightforward thing, what with Steve's inability to stand. There is, however, Tony discovers, a tub. A very large tub. Big enough for two people. With jets. Lots, and lots of jets. It's the kind of tub they could have a
Fuck. And he'd been doing so damned well all day.
Tony looks up at him, eyes searching. "Are you – I mean, I haven't been with anyone since Ru, so I'm, you know, I'm clean, too."
He has to put them back on.
"In my experience, you don't have a great track record with lodging complaints with management," Steve teases.
"Reggie, I gotta go up," he says, barely looking at Reggie.
Steve looks about as awkward as Tony feels, but he accepts the help gratefully. "You might be right," he concedes. Once Steve is down to his underwear, Tony awkwardly offers a shoulder for Steve to brace himself on and helps him to the bathroom. Tony reflexively wraps an arm around Steve's waist to support him. He'd like to strip his cold, wet slacks off, but he knows that's a bad idea, considering what
Tony takes off towards the group of students, and drops himself right down in the middle of them. One girl yelps and jumps back, staring at Tony with even wider-eyed horror than she'd been staring at the monster with. Which, kind of actually is a little offensive. Tony is much nicer than a slime monster.
Shuri grins. "I'm going to make the most annoying AI, put it in a tiny robot, and make it follow T'Challa around the palace all day long."
But Tony knows what has to be done. Thanos has to be stopped. He can be the one to lay down on the wire. Take that, Steve.
“It seems to run on some sort of electricity,” Steve says suddenly.
Steve nods and grabs a mug. "And for you, Miss Natasha?" he asks with a playful grin.
, that was the whole reason they'd even
Natasha sneaks a glance at Bucky, who's looking at her questioningly. She lets her left shoulder twitch up in a shrug to indicate that she doesn't know what Hammer is talking about.
New York. It's unsettling. The dream shifts again, and he's laying in a warm, soft bed. Someone shifts beside him – Tony, his mind supplies. This is a much nicer dream. He shifts in bed and turns towards Tony, towards the warmth and the comfort. He leans towards a Tony he can only just see through half closed eyes and goes for a sleepy kiss. But in the moment before their lips touch, Steve's brain wakes up fully, and reality slaps him in the face. Shit. This isn't a dream. He
+++++
"Weather reports are calling for snow," Tony tells him.
Ugh. Everything is terrible.
Clint's eyes widen with excitement. "Really? The good shi – er, the good stuff?"
Then, Tony starts bringing Casey in more often, when he can get out of work early and that's just even more wonderful.
He slips the gun back in its holster and turns, dropping to his knee and flinching at the pain in the other, grabs Casey in both hands and searches his face.
Steve shrugs, unconcerned. "He's harmless. I mean, he was prickly at first, and I kind of thought he was a homophobic asshat. But that was just wires getting crossed. He's fine."
And just like that, they’d set up shop.
He's not sure if Vision even
He decides that if he has any hope of convincing the owners of Brewed Awakening to change their plans, he'd better work fast – the further those contractors get, the lower the chances they'll back out of the location.
+++++
Apparently Steve's understanding of 'swiftly' is not the same as Thor's, because two days later, Tony is still unconscious. He's got an IV in for nutrition and hydration, but other than that he's not really hooked up to any other life-saving machines. Monitors ensure that his blood pressure and heart rate remain steady, but Tony is the one keeping himself alive now.
He glances over to the counter, and Steve is standing there, watching them. He seems to be wringing a dish towel in his hands.
"Okay..." Clint says, confused. "I don't see what that has to do with Steve?"
And Tony and Steve hadn't said a word to one another.
"You're kind of a dick."
Tony snorts, then pulls a triumphant hand back, grinning and holding onto some hunk of metal that Steve doesn't recognize.
Rhodey is staring at him when Tony turns back, and he blinks.
“Well, yes. I mean I always want to talk to you. But, admittedly that isn’t why I’m here.” As he spoke, Tony made his way across the tidy space to the cabinet he knew housed spare sheets and started pulling them out, tossing them on the floor in a pile.
"I call
"Me, too," Tony agrees. "Honestly, she's been a total lifesaver, and Casey loves her." So, Steve thinks, good with kids, and she very clearly has a previous background that lends itself well to kicking ass. She is, quite possibly, the most perfect fit of a nanny that Tony could ask for, Steve is happy to observe. "So you know, if you see her walking around the neighbourhood with him, it's totally fine."
. Half a dozen of you here and none of you even knows where the stone is!"
Since going through Steve to figure out what the issue is was a dead end, Bucky moves down to the next person on his list. Natasha comes into the shop one evening while Bucky and Clint are working late, having sent Steve off early to meet with his physiotherapist.
"Hey, I have a question," Steve says after he's appeased his stomach with the first few bites.
"So you've got a lot on your plate," Steve says, sitting across from him with a cup of his own.
He goes after the HYDRA leader, facing off with him in a fighters stance. Steve’s pretty sure he recognises the guy from SHIELD, but can’t put a face to the name. The man eyes him, and then sneers with a harsh laugh. “Captain America, caught with your pants down. How embarrassing for you.” With a snap of a movement, he goes to reach for a gun, but Steve is still faster. He rushes into the man’s space, and in one quick movement, has the man disarmed and is trying to wrestle him into a hold. The man manages to break free, but judging by the hiss and the crack, it costs him at least a fractured wrist. Steve can’t say he feels sorry for the guy.
It's enough to put everything in perspective. Life is short – far too short to let a little thing like self-doubt get in the way of anything. Sure, he'd always thought trying to bring romance into his life would take away from his time with Casey, but he's starting to realize that he's looking at it entirely the wrong way.
Finally, Tony tears himself away. Casey is the most precious thing he's ever known, and without Steve, Tony's not sure he would have him back now.
. And it’s terrifying, but it’s also freeing. For almost two weeks he’s felt like he’s been in a holding pattern, waiting for something to happen. Then from above he hears a dull thump, like the neighbour had dropped something heavy, and he smiles. The noise of regular, everyday mundane life helps, and the momentary panic passes.
"Fine, fine. I won't fight. I'll give it a shot. But," he stands from the table and grabs the cup and his bag. "If the coffee in Manhattan isn't as good as it is here, I will bury you in a mountain of legal paperwork so deep, you will never again see the light of day."
Steve and Bucky will go looking for Casey, to see if they can find him.
The angle is weird on both their necks, but Tony doesn't care – the pleasure feedback loop of his mouth on Steve's cock and Steve's mouth on his is too good to worry about it.
The door chimes again, and so he pulls himself out of the oven and lets Sam pull him to his feet.
They hadn't intended to have children, of course. They'd both been more concerned with their careers, with bringing Stark Resilient into the spotlight, with investors and research and development and networking. But they'd been careless enough to think they were untouchable, and gotten pregnant because of it.
As he waits, his eyes scan the room as it gradually fills with more clients. A new act has hit the stage, a dancer who manages to move and twist herself in a way that Steve knows would take incredible strength, training, and discipline, and she does it while making it look seamless and effortless. For a brief moment, he is reminded of the USO girls on his tour, each of them beautiful, definitely, but more strong and graceful. He’d seen the hours of effort they had put into practising their dances and had decided early on that dancing was an incredible feat of athleticism. He’d gained even more respect for it after Natasha had walked him through some ballet basics.
Steve lets out a strangled noise, grinding up and fucking into Tony, and then everything is hotter and slicker, and he knows that means Steve is coming in him, filling him.
"Why are we friends?" Rhodey asks, plaintively.
"Are you sure you wouldn't mind?" Steve asks carefully neutral.
"Gonna have to keep that leg up. You should probably ice it, but that can wait until you warm up and dry off. I've got some Tylenol, you'll need it. Keep an eye on your abdomens, and if they start hurting, or if there's any bruising that starts to form you let me know ASAP. Might be internal injuries. Where were you boys headed?"
Steve feels like the floor is falling out from under him, like the whole world is turning upside down even as his brain is kicking into high tactical gear.
"I need to get him to the palace, to the medical wing," Strange answers him anyway, then closes the portal he came through, opening another immediately. Steve can see the bustling medical wing as the Wakandan doctors and all the other volunteers get ready for the onslaught of medical emergencies.
Casey squints at him. "You promise?"
"– I have never once said –"
What the hell indeed. Tony's mind is racing, trying to put all the pieces together. Not like they can just run around the city breathing on slime monsters to make them stop their messy rampage.
"He's a tough bastard," Bucky says. "Stubborn, too."
"I should, um, go. Get something to eat, I guess," Steve says, even though he has little interest in food, and even less interest in leaving Tony's side. But Pepper is – well, he's not entirely sure what Pepper is to Tony, but he knows she deserves time alone with him. Steve glances at Rhodey, leaning against the door frame of the room. He doesn't look apologetic at all – in fact, he's mostly ignoring Steve and just watching Tony's unmoving face.
"Wanda…" Vision looked pained, but Strange cut him off.
Steve rolls his eyes. “I was dead.”
"Make it seven," grunts Sam, and he makes a sound of exertion, too.
"We have a lot to talk about," he said. He turned to Thor. "The space stone. Do you have it?"
“You should be the one to do it because I asked you to do it, and it needs doing,”  she says. “And because I can’t.”
"No, that's not it," Natasha shakes her head. "The opposite, really. He adores Steve. Respects him, admires him, thinks the world of him, really. "
. And it had eased some of the pain of a hard life before it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"But I lost him," Tony whispers, the corners of his eyes growing damp, even after all this time.
Bucky studies him, then goes back to his stew, eating while he talks. "I'll admit you maybe weren't the same guy in there that you are here, but I think it's pretty reasonable to chalk that up to not having to worry about the end of the world all the time. It's apples and oranges. When you get right down to it, to the kind of person you are, deep inside, there wasn't enough of a difference to mean anything."
Stark shakes his head. “It’s a good thing you’re pretty. And fast, and strong, and stubborn.”
"So, what exactly are you saying?"
"Sam's got a point," Steve agrees, digging into his stew. It's delicious, and he shovels another spoonful into his mouth immediately.
Steve is leaning over the counter, grinning down at Casey, and the look on his face is adorable. Tony can't help but puff his chest out a little bit – his kid is really, really cute, and he always feels proud when someone else notices it. When Tony had first walked in with Casey, Steve had smiled that bright sunshine smile at him, and then glanced down at the little dark haired boy holding his hand, and his face had almost melted. When Tony had introduced him to Casey, Steve had gone so far as to lean all the way over the counter so he could shake Casey's hand properly. Casey had looked as though he'd just met a prince.
Tony and Sam circle around, providing the air support as Natasha and Bucky move around on the ground making short work of the remaining baddies. On his right, Tony sees an arrow shooting past, dragging a cable behind it and fixing itself into the wall. A moment later, Clint is whooping loudly as he ziplines across the training space. He lets go and drops, arrow in hand, landing on top of one of the enemies and stabbing it with the arrow before he stands and shoots it through another. Meanwhile, Tony is back in the air with Sam, circling above and firing shots to keep all the little buggers where they want them to be. Tony's cackling over the comms in joy all the while. Rhodey is going to be pissed that he missed out on this session, because honestly, they're having a blast. It would also be better with Steve here, but at least having Steve on the comms barking at them all is better than nothing.
talking to the wrong crowd."
"Eyes on," Clint murmurs into his comm unit. "I'm in position."
"Probably not," Steve says. Around them, people seem to either be being smart, and getting the hell out of dodge, or standing around watching with the same horrified fascination that Tony and Steve both are experiencing.
"Sam, Bucky, stay on it. Make sure you herd it into the perimeter," Steve orders. "I don't want it getting any bright ideas and wandering off somewhere we can't coral it. Clint, give them support from above. Everyone else, get ready to surround it, and we'll bring it down." Tony's heart skips a beat. His boyfriend is pretty damned sexy when he takes charge and gets all tactical.
Steve turned a grim face to Strange.
"Vision isn't human," Strange begins, pacing back and forth across the space. "He isn't human, and the entire reality was built around him. He was the centre."
"Because of the oven," Steve informs him sternly. Tony looks at him, confused and bewildered. It's disgustingly adorable, and Steve really wants to just reach across the counter and give him a peck on the cheek because he's so damned cute. But he resists, and says, "Because you're a miracle worker who fixed our oven."
Steve levels his gaze. “Okay, but?”
"Thanks," Tony says, giving Rhodey as meaningful a look as he can. "I mean that. Thank you, Rhodey."
"We haven't seen you in
this, dammit."
"Still brilliant," Steve tells him, reaching across the table to take Tony's hand.
"Well, if we can't send him away and we can't keep him here, what's left? What, are we going to send him to an alternate reality where Thanos doesn't even exist? Boom, problem solved?"
I can make the arrangements work and the project co-coordinator is amenable, we can
He doesn't know if he's lying or not, but he hopes he's telling the truth. He'd likely know for sure if he'd kept his comm unit in, but he needed to get to Casey without the distraction.
"We should shower," Tony says after another moment of basking in the afterglow, in the recovery of a truly wonderful orgasm. "We're gonna stick together."
"Oh, yeah? Who's your dad?"
"What?" Tony hisses. "No. Rhodey,
“-pining away like idiots. I know. Me, too.” He stepped back from the window long enough to stoop and place a gentle kiss to Steve’s mouth. “I had fun, too. And I have to say, I’m looking forward to a repeat. But I have been getting the third degree from everyone, all day. Everyone, Steve.” He moved back to the window and dropped the chain of sheets outside. The end reached to within six feet of the ground. Good enough. Behind him, Steve sighed.
"No one's
"Right, Steve. Okay. This
"– and I
"Not sure I
," growled Tony. "If we're going to do something, we need to decide on it pretty quickly, or he'll decide for us."
"It's rebooting," Tony says in surprise, watching the screen.
"Sorry we forgot to tell you, kind of," Bucky says, hugging Steve a little tighter than usual. Clint has always been family, ever since they'd been overseas, and that clearly hadn't changed since they'd been home. But him being with Bucky
"And how many of these stones are there?" Steve had asked. Their reunion had been awkward, and they hadn't said much. Tony didn't know how to apologize, and didn't know how to let Steve apologize, either. So they had stared at one another, neither able to think of anything to say, until Thor had broken the impasse by gathering Steve into a twirling hug.
"Technically, caffeine is a mind-altering substance," Bucky points out.
“Figured that you’ve had a few days to cool off. Thought I might try again. Since apparently I hit a nerve last time I talked to you.”
The honeymoon suite. He can
dammit. He grips the pencil a little too hard in his frustration, and the lead snaps, smearing the face he’s spent an hour trying to make perfect. Steve yells, pain and raw frustration filling his voice as he flings the book across the living room. He can’t see where it lands because his eyes are filling with tears, hot and angry, and his chest feels like it’s constricting – he can’t breathe, like he’s having an asthma attack only a thousand times worse, because this time it feels like his heart is trying to claw its way out of his chest.
"Tony, love of my life," Steve sighs, "as much as I love what you're thinking right now, I really just need to get clean. And maybe actually eat. Then I can think about burning more calories."
"How can you possibly –" Tony splutters.
Sam snorts, squatting down to look into the oven as though the answer will appear out of the darkness.
Tony turns to look at the man who'd brought Vision back here. "Strange, what's happening to him?" Tony demands, his fingers twitching at his side for a lack of something to do to help.
Sam stares at him a long while.
Steve would use his entire body to cover Tony's, maybe use one hand to press Tony's hands down into the mattress above his head. His kisses would be possessive,
you be a parent, Tony. For
"I knew a little, yeah. It's because Miss Natasha is awesome."
"Meeting's at nine tomorrow!" Tony calls after him. "Don't be late, Sisyphus!"
(See the end of the chapter for
He finds Steve moping in the back office, halfheartedly putting a supply order together.
"Doesn't really make me feel better," Tony says, flipping the face plate up so he can see Steve with his own eyes, and wrapping an arm around Steve's shoulders. "Let me look at you."
, Tony? Casey is
that's got him riled up. Right next door to his son's
"It's less about being oblivious, and more about being in denial," Natasha pipes in.
"Gods, no," Thor laughs, letting the sound boom through the air around them. "I mean Phillip Coulson."
Steve sets the cookie down in front of Casey first, who dutifully thanks him before picking it up and taking a ridiculously large bite. Then he sets the cannoli in front of Tony.
Well, obviously, he'd known he'd had a crush on Steve, because the guy is gorgeous, and he's funny and kind of a little shit when he wants to be, but this feeling in his chest… it's more than that. He actually
Before Tony can say much else, Steve is there, looking concerned. "Everything okay over here?" he asks. "That woman – she wasn't bothering you, was she?"
It's a tough slog, crawling out of the ditch and back up onto the road. Steve has to lean more of his weight on Tony than he'd like, but it's the only way he can manage to drag his beaten body through the drifts and back onto stable ground. It's easier going from there – somewhat – but the snow is piling up, swirling around their ankles, making every step harder. Even with Tony helping to keep the weight off his knee, it hurts like hell and every step is agony. But they keep going. Ahead, through the swirling mess of snow, Steve sees the lights of the motel at the edge of town, maybe half a mile away now. It's going to be one of the longest half miles of his life. Briefly, he contemplates whether it's worse to trudge through the sand in the blazing sun, or through snow in the frigid cold. Both, is the answer. Both are horrible. But both are made better when he isn't alone. In the desert, he had his crew. He had Bucky, and Clint. In the blizzard, he has Tony, a warm support at his side, keeping him upright. Reminding him that he isn't alone out here. Tony grounds him in a way that means more than he's capable of expressing, especially since, really, he's focused on putting on foot in front of the other, and again, and again. Less than a quarter mile now. He can feel the wind biting into his bones and joints and it aches something fierce. Beside him, Tony keeps up a steady litany of words.
"I was telling Rhodey about the shop, and how good the coffee is," he says, feeling defensive. God, what had he ever done to Rhodey, anyway?
to get the Tesseract away," Thor said, raising himself to his full height.
+++++
"You gonna start talkin'? Or are we gonna start gettin' mean?" Bucky lets a little bit of his Brooklyn upbringing bleed through in his speech, and Natasha imagines it's a calculated move. To make himself seem tough and stupid, some thoughtless thug she can let her guard down with. Natasha almost wants to see what happens if the woman underestimates him.
"Um. We learned about math. I can already add
"Tony, what the hell happened? Are you okay?" Rhodey says in a slight panic.
“These are-”
"Alright," she says, lips twitching. "I'll see you at pick-up, then."
"All artists have their bad days."
And then they're all ash on the breeze, and Tony crumples to the ground in a lifeless heap as Steve desperately calls his name.
Steve must see it on his face, because a moment later, he offers a soft “I love you,” which really means “thank you.”
He looks over at Strange, and is impressed to find Strange's expression twisted up into something uncomfortable.
Tony flashes a quick smile, and pulls Rhodey into a hug, ignoring that they're both a little sweaty and hot from their walk. "Thanks, Rhodey."
"Okay, the scrappy part, I believe, definitely. Always Steve, no matter the size."
"Thought he was going to have an orgasm, honestly," Clint chimes in. "Hey, we should call the daily brew 'The Orgasm,' 'cause it's so good. And then, next time Tony comes in, you can give him an Orgasm."
"What the ever loving fuck?" Tony swears, stopping short in front of the empty building. The empty building that now has contractors going in and out of it. The empty building with contractors going in and out of it, and a large sign proclaiming it the future home of a coffee shop called 'Brewed Awakening'. Tony hates it already.
“Then what is it? ‘Cause I have tried my damndest to make sure you and everyone else there has everything they need.”
"You can't tell that from the smell," Steve says, and there's just enough doubt in his voice to pull a smile out of Tony.
subtract, did you know?"
He still misses Ru, of course, but he'd made a promise to her, as he'd held that tiny, undersized boy in his arms. He would protect Casey with his life. Nothing mattered except Casey.
not boning. What the hell is wrong with you?
They've got Bucky's gun locker, several take out containers of Chinese food, and a sturdy-looking plastic case.
Steve moves to stand, but the moment he puts his weight on his right leg, his knee screams with pain and gives out. He collapses, barely managing to brace himself against the car to keep from completely ending up in the snow again.
"Thanos is too powerful," Thor said. "If he makes it to Earth, we will need all the firepower we can muster to keep the stones safe from him."
any baristas. I told you, there's nothing going on there."
Tony makes a noise at that, and sits up, but stays close, pressed into his best friend's side. "Ugh. I can't believe he thought that. So weird."
"Before he got busy with the actual project."
"No, I imagine not. But, he's a really good dad. The two of them together, it's precious to see."
, so we don't need a coffee shop."
"Remember that department of defense meeting you skipped?" Rhodey says, barging into Tony's office without knocking.
"Think we can just ignore it?" Tony asks, cocking his head to the side and watching in fascination as the things slide down the street, completely uncaring and unhindered by anything in their way.
is that self sabotaging. He would have been happy just quietly pining away as Tony's friend until the next ice age rolled into town. "
(See the end of the chapter for
"Because it's not going to be enough," Strange replied. "If Thanos makes it here, then having the mind stone and the time stone on different ends of the earth won't even be enough. In order to protect them, I'll need more resources."
Thinking about the school reminds him to check the clock, and he finds it's nearly time for him to make his way over there again to pick Casey up. He quickly sends an e-mail off to the prospective nanny confirming an interview time for the following day — early afternoon, so he has time to bring his new proposal out out to Brooklyn first thing in the morning — and packs up to head out, a small smile on his face and a light bounce in his step as he leaves the building for the day.
Casey nods thoughtfully. "But it doesn't matter, because he's still Bucky, and he still does lots of stuff. Doesn't matter that sometimes his arm won't work, he's special. There's a girl at my school who can't hear. Except she got a thing, so now she can hear, but it's still hard for her cause she isn't used to it. She taught me how to say some words with my hands. Wanna see?" Casey proceeds to teach Steve and Natasha some ASL signs, carefully shaped with his hands. He explains that he needs to speak slowly and clearly when talking to the girl so she can understand him. but sometimes sound is too much for her because she isn't used to it. "When that happens, we go play somewhere quiet together until she feels better."
Just like that, Rogers slips back into the coffee shop, leaving Tony on the sidewalk feeling very much like he's lost this round.
"Mr. Stark! You're back!"
Oh, god, it's worse than Tony had originally thought. It's a
"I'm, I'm okay," Steve says, panting heavily. "Wasn't actually suffocating. Not fully."
is standing behind the counter, his back to Tony, talking quietly to Man-bun and looking every bit as gorgeous as he had the last time that Tony had seen him. Of course, Man-bun spots him first. Tony sees the instant it happens, because the guy's eyes narrow and shift to stare directly at him. Steve stops whatever he's saying mid-sentence and turns around to greet him.
"On it–"
A shrug of one shoulder. "All the heavy hitters need to be here. As a relatively light hitter, that takes me off the front line."
Tony smiled, then – a sad, little hitch of his lips. "Guess it's me, then."
"Tony," Steve says in his ear, "what's happening?"
Clint sets down the box on the counter and stands beside Bucky, leaning in to whisper something that Steve can't quite catch. Judging by the way that Bucky stifles a snort, he's fairly certain that he doesn't want to know what they're saying.
Tony kneels down to catch him, wrapping his arms tightly around his child and breathing in the smell of him.
Rogers blinks at him and glances over his shoulder at – oh, yeah – the busy coffee shop they're standing in front of. "Yes."
again. It's soft, and absent minded — Tony's probably not even aware that he's making it — but it goes straight through Steve and threatens to fill his mind with potential for thoughts he is definitely
"Oh, was that today?" Tony asks, but Steve can hear the lie in his voice. "Must have slipped my mind. Hey, good news, though, we don't make weapons so we don't need to talk to them."
"No," he said. "We mustn't abandon –"
“I didn’t think I’d see you again,” Steve admitted. “Considering I was kind of a dick to you last time.”
As if it wasn't already traumatic enough.
“And what, you’re going to fight them for custody? Stake a claim because it was your guys that found me?”
Tony reluctantly steps out of Steve's embrace so he can offer up the flowers and chocolates he's been holding. "I, um, brought you these," he said passing them over.
Rhodey looks smug as he crosses his arms over his chest and tilts his head at Tony, waiting to see how Tony will deal with this insane scenario.
, the bastard – as he lifts a hand in a wave and walks out Tony's office door.
"... and then when our alien overlords come, we can tell them, 'behold, for I have created a giant clown car for you to learn to drive stick shift,'" Rhodey is saying.
There's a beat. Steve waits to hear Tony's reaction. He doesn't recognize the name, but he wouldn't, necessarily.
Bucky's eyebrow goes up at that, and Natasha just gives him another barely-perceptible shrug.
Bucky shrugs. "Remember that night we were hanging out with Sam and you were sprawled all over me during the movie? He never asked about it so I just assumed you told him."
Tony shuts himself up in his workshop after that.
“Whatever information you can find.  The more, the better,” Natasha says, leaning against his counter and drawing his attention back to the task at hand. “We know who’s involved, but that doesn’t do us a lot of good if we can’t recover the assets. You thinking of moving on us, Steve?”
Tony swallows his last mouthful of cannoli and takes a gulp of coffee. He would savour it, but he caught sight of the French press on Steve's night stand and he knows there's more where this came from.
coffee," Steve replies shortly. "I gave him some while we were negotiating, and he seemed to like it."
“Yeah, okay, yes I would. And did.. But first, home. We clearly need to work on our… communication skills.” Tony waggles his eyebrows.
It’s the sound of raised voices that pulls Steve’s attention away from the book he’s absently reading. His tablet is sitting discarded on the table beside him from when he had it out earlier. He loves that thing – all the news, the journal articles, the unrestricted (but not unmonitored, he’s not an idiot and SHIELD is a spy agency, after all) access to all the information he could possibly want at his fingertips. He’s pretty sure he’s acquired more factual knowledge in the short time he’s been awake at SHIELD than he did his entire time in school growing up. His tablet is great. But when it comes to reading fiction, he wants the actual book his hands. The feeling of paper under his fingers. It feels comfortable, familiar – a feeling which is in pretty short supply these days.
into Steve's retinas, and he knows he'll be seeing that in his mind every time he closes his eyes. The way that jock had framed Tony's ass, put it right on display as though to fulfill all of Steve's dark fantasies.
"Eugh, you're too sappy, I gotta go," Tony says, pushing up and away from Steve. Steve keeps his arms locked around Tony's back, though, so he can't get away. Even as Steve's cock slips out of him, even as he fights, laughing, to try and get away from Steve's hold, Steve rolls them both so that he's hovering over Tony on the bed again, then grins and leans down to give Tony a real, proper kiss.
. Steve should have known better.
"You're the best. And hey, can you bring us clean clothes? Jeans got pretty soaked in the snow and I dunno if they'll dry by morning."
and teaching him about
"Okay, I'll accept that," Steve chuckles. "But seriously, Tony. Call Nat. She'll understand, and she'll stay with him. He'll be in the safest possible hands, next to yours. That's why you hired her. You can still video call him and say goodnight, and they're going to have a blast. It'll be like a slumber party. He and Nat will build a pillow fort or something, and camp out in the living room, and when you get home tomorrow he'll tell you all about it. And everything will be okay."
It seems ridiculous that the confusion and chaos and rush out in the hall could give way to this quiet, private room at the end. The lights are dimmed, and there are no windows here. There is a white bed against one wall, surrounded by monitors and IV poles and medical equipment. The equipment is all attached to a figure in the bed – a man who is only slightly smaller than Steve in practice, but right now looks tiny. His eyes are closed. There's a ventilator making soft whooshing noises beside him, a tube down his throat. His eyelids have been taped shut, and a large patch of hair has been shaved on the side of his head. There's gauze wrapped there, but it's wrapped loosely.
"What about Bucky and Clint?" Tony asks.
"I'm sorry,
, that is definitely not what he wanted this very large, very big (very attractive gay) man to think he was saying.
“Yeah.” It’s a thing they do when they can’t sleep. Steve makes hot chocolate, and they sit outside together, watching the lights and the life of the city. It’s peaceful, calming, a moment that belongs just to the two of them.  Steve is remembering more and more every day. So it really shouldn’t surprise Tony when Steve says,
Casey is clearly exhausted from his ordeal, but he's not hurt. He's half asleep but still whimpering from time to time in Tony's arms.
"I don't mind."
Steve nods. "Yeah. His little boy is four. He's a single dad. He's a bit protective, worries a lot about his kid."
"Got it," Steve says, holding Casey a little tighter to himself as he limps down the hall.
But Steve is
“Captain Rogers is in the main common area, reading.”
"Tony," Bucky says, sliding up next to him.
it, wants to make Hammer
"Seriously. Tony. Come on. Please stop."
"What is all this?" Steve asks, making his way over.
"Get him inside, to the bunker," Tony orders. Vision opens his mouth to object, but Tony cuts him off. "Save it. I know you want to fight, but we need as much time as possible to figure out how to beat this guy. We can't do that if he rips the stone out of your forehead and obliterates us all. Go to the bunker, and Wanda, you stay with him."
Though, truthfully, he doesn't really mind. He's actually
"We agreed that tonight was date night, come hell or high water." Tony leans down and kisses Steve again; longer, slower, and far nicer than the kiss on the street had been.
It's also why Bucky is here with her in this warehouse, and Clint and Steve have gone home.
"There's nothing wrong with the coffee cart coffee," Rhodey gripes. "You're being a coffee snob. Is this one of those places that uses the cat shit coffee? I told you, Tony, I don't care how good it is, I'm not drinking coffee that's already been inside an animal."
But the real star is Okoye. She is a sharp and fearless General, and her troops respond without hesitation. For a few moments, Tony dares to think that maybe, just maybe they might stand a chance.
"Yeah, you were thorough," Tony agrees.
Tony shot him a grateful look.
notice those things. But just because he notices, it doesn't mean he'll do anything about it – it's
“Oh god,
“We were supposed to go on a date.”
“I’ll have the same, ma’am,” Steve says without thinking. She smiles again, fills both their coffee cups and hurries back to the kitchen with their orders. As soon as she’s gone, Steve realises his mistake in agreeing to come. Now he’s sitting across from Tony, he realises that he’s going to be expected to make conversation, and honestly… he’s not sure he has it in him.
Only after he's been given the all clear by the doc does Rhodey drive him into Brooklyn. He thanks Rhodey profusely, says a very awkward goodbye to Tony, and doesn't look back at them as he carefully makes his way in through the front door of the shop.
Thanos sneers. "So be it, then," and raises his fist. Thor is quicker, the axe is already swinging in his hand. He catches Thanos' strike with the axe, and for a moment they're locked in a stalemate. Then, the fight really begins.
"We need to get the gauntlet off him," Tony yells. "It's our only chance."
But he'd found Tony again, in the Haven. He'd found Tony, and found everything he never thought they could have together – love, and a child, and joy.
Somehow, against the odds, he managed to make it to the ground with only a few scrapes, picked up from scuffing himself along the outside wall of the house. Feet firmly on the ground, he looked back up at the window and blew Steve a kiss. Too late, he realised that Natasha was standing there next to Steve, looking down at him and grinning. She leaned over to Steve and said something that Tony couldn’t hear, but judging by Steve’s reaction, it must have been hilarious.
“I know,” Tony grins.
Steve gets up and comes along with him, helping Tony take off Casey's shoes and socks, his jeans. He'll be comfortable enough in his T-shirt, so Steve pulls the bedclothes back and Tony carefully lays him down. Steve pulls the blankets back up and tucks them around Casey gently, and Tony's heart pounds at how beautiful an image it is.
"Good night," Steve says, an almost inaudible whisper. Even in the dark, the sight of Tony's ass, framed and perfect and
Steve quickly barks something to Okoye, who nods, and they split apart. She rounds up a group of her warriors, and Steve calls orders to each of them, coordinating their assault to hit from all sides for maximum distraction to allow Okoye and her people to catch him unawares. Tony's not convinced it's going to work, but it's the best plan they have. Tony circles just out of reach with Rhodey and Sam, firing off shots in rapid succession. Steve leads the ground team, charging Thanos head on with Clint, Natasha, and Bucky along with him. Tony's heart leaps into his throat as he watches Thanos take a physical swing at Steve, but to his complete and utter amazement, Steve blocks the hit, catching Thanos' fist in both of his hands, holding him physically back, straining with his feet planted firmly on the ground. It's – now really isn't the time for it, but Tony can't stop himself from noticing how unbelievably strong, fierce, and attractive Steve looks.
And then it had been ripped away, and he'd been shoved right back in the pit of despair and horror, right back into the middle of a fight.
"Sam? Anything to report?"
"Oh – my god," Tony manages to get out between fits. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't laugh, I know, but. I'm sorry, that was the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen." Tony's eyes are shining, and through the mortification Steve is feeling, he manages to crack a smile of his own. It probably did look ridiculous from where Tony was sitting, and the carefree, pure joy on Tony's face would be worth any amount of embarrassment. "Are you okay? Did you hurt yourself?" Tony asks as he rolls to his feet and hurries off to Steve's side of the bed to help him up.
say you're fine," Clint had responded cheerfully.
"You called me sweetheart."
"We're just in the middle of a business meeting, here, so you'll have to excuse us," Rhodey pipes up, eyes flicking between the woman and Tony.
"– not himself," she confirms. "He's... broody. Withdrawn. He's spending even more time with Casey than normal, and I'm pretty sure he's not sleeping as much as he should be. Or at all."
