“Steady there lad…let it go…I’ve got you” John coaxed softly in his ear as the pressure built and a desperate whine escaped his lips, his prick pulsing out warm stripes of white fluid onto his belly and John’s hand.
….….just for hook-ups though I’m not up for long term.”
I raised my head, shocked beyond belief. I felt despair and disgust that such an act of love could be twisted into violence, and the violation of one so good and pure of heart. My consternation and anger grew as I learned that this had been no random act, but a planned attack, and not by a full grown man but a group of mere boys, a common enough practise he told me, in the hallowed halls of the fine public schools of England. Being small of stature, and even more so then, he was an easy target for their planned debaucheries, as each took their turn, three in all only laying off when he proved himself an equal with his fists, and a sure shot marksman with the musket and pistol. He kept one hid beneath a board by his bed after that, and swore that the next man to touch him so would be dragged down with him into hell.
You’re doing it
(Yes, he had…locked in a music room with his pants round his ankles and three fingers up his arse, fucking himself open for John, with a quick sloppy wank over the wastepaper bin when it all got a bit too much…)
"And burglars don’t normally bring their own supper I imagine (her mouth quirked up in the ghost of a smile), Singapore chow mein from the Golden Dragon at the end of Baker Street no less, so I followed the smell upstairs and there you both were, all curled up, sleeping like babies. I hadn’t the heart to wake you” her smile was genuine now.
“But maybe I won’t let you come…just use you like a fuck-toy…..do you still want it boy?"
The bedroom was a mess. He’d done his best to patch up the wall, moving the bed to the other side and pushing the chest of drawers over instead to cover the worst of it. Vic had loaned him a tool kit, and he’d spent a dusty hour down on the floor tightening all the screws in the bedframe with an old Ikea allen key left over from when they first moved in until it stopped swaying alarmingly when you sat on it.
“The fuck do I know....listen….I should be getting back”
“That’s my fucking house…what the hell…Mary!...MARY” he shouted up at the bedroom window, the bitch was probably watching him and laughing her arse off.
“Look, I’m sure we’ll get to the whole ‘previous sexual encounters’ shit at some point, probably quite soon, but I’m not going to sit there and judge you like those ignorant bastards, especially when it’s fucking obvious how uncomfortable they’re making you feel…how can they not see that?”
“About the extended services? Well if she didn’t know before Tuesday, she certainly does now, that’s why he keeps her away from the place in general, she wasn’t meant to be there that night, or any night really, the manager panicked”.
to be kissed like this.
“How about this then” she smiles “A new game…I want to see you kiss the object of your fantasies…tonight…because he will be there…that’s why you’re so reluctant to go, am I right?”
John’s house was smaller than his own, even though they lived next door, the whims and follies of town planners and architects he supposed, or a way to integrate those from different financial and social backgrounds. Whatever the original intention had been for this happy accident of fate, Sherlock knew that he would be eternally grateful. He inhaled deeply, it always smelled so good, like cinnamon and something fruity, like wild berries, rather than citrus. Sherlock dragged in a healthy lungful that was instantly more comforting to him than any cigarette was.
They discussed my attire, agreeing that the best course of action be to send, at the earliest opportunity for the tailor to have me fitted out in more appropriate garments. I asked how I was to pay for this generous endowment, but my lady laughed gaily, giving every assurance that I needn’t trouble my pretty little mind on that score. They had another plan in mind. I was not to be seen or spoken to by any other member of the household or visitors until such time as they could secure a good price for my virginity (or maidenhead for want of a better word), assured as they were of its existence by virtue of my innocent appearance.
Sherlock broke for air and said, “Get on for fuck’s sake John”, tugging at the belt of his jeans to try and drag him up on the bed beside him, and deciding it would be a very good idea to keep his fingers there and unbuckle it at the same time. John had one knee on the mattress for balance, caught between heeding Mycroft’s warning and sliding his hands just a little further down to cup Sherlock’s arse through his flimsy cotton pyjama trousers. Damn it, need won out, so cop a feel it was, squeezing and kneading the firm flesh of that glorious behind. But common sense prevailed and he drew back, the doctor in him appalled, and pushed Sherlock gently down against the pillows again, ignoring his moans of protest.
“I’m feeling lazy…fuck me like this John”
The carriage rounded the corner and pulled up alongside the kerb. Perone snorted wet horsey breath in his ear while he stroked her long neck. John hung back twisting a handkerchief nervously in his hands.
“John”, he whispered in a rough, cracked voice sounding nothing like himself, “Take me home, now, please, back to your place…I…I want you”.
“Yeah, I, know, it kind of knocked me sideways, out of the blue….but, I’d like to stay in touch, not right now I know, I can’t expect that of you, but maybe later on?”
I took a large swig of the wine anyway, and gulped it down. It was bitter and woody, and left a black-cherry tang on the back of my tongue, reminding me of lazy summer days, and home. I swallowed again, to chase away the memory, the warmth slowly spread through my chest, limbs became soft and pliant again as I slipped into relaxation, not yet enough to intoxicate.
They walked along the outskirts of the playground, barely warranting a glance from the group of girls, then across a narrow strip of scrubland to a tarmacked courtyard, ground marked out for parking spaces, weeds growing through the cracks, to finally stand in front of the correct block of flats.
“I promise Sherlock”.
“Just ignore her, it’s immaterial John”
“Hey there!...Excuse me, can a talk to you for just a minute?”
“It’s just tobacco, plain, boring, completely non-hallucinogenic, run-of-the-mill Golden Virginia. I may be many things but a stoner is not one of them”, he said, letting it dangle, casually between his lips.
“He’s covered in fragments of synthetic blond hair, blunt cut with a pair of kitchen scissors I would think…Billy has given an impromptu haircut to his sisters dolls, the length and texture of the individual hairs indicates more than one. The motif on the little girls’ clothes indicate an affinity with a particular brand of anatomically unrealistic Americanised doll. He is jealous of the attention his  father lavishes on his only daughter and decided to ‘get his own back’, is that the saying?...now how does that fit any given definition of ‘good’?”
“Touch yourself” he gasped “Do it John….want to see you come…oh fuck…I need you to come…”
Sherlock grabbed the glass of juice that wasn’t currently leaving a wet sticky pool on the kitchen worktop, took a large swig, nodded once in acknowledgement to Sara and promptly walked out of the room again.
Sherlock froze, spoon halfway to his open mouth as golden blobs of honey fell to the table, in sticky glutinous drips.
“Oh my God Sherlock, I bet you look so fucking cute playing the guitar, in tight jeans with your gorgeous curly hair”.
I trailed off then, unwilling to go any further with this discourse, for fear it would encroach upon the festive mood and dampen the enjoyment of the night yet to come. We were almost there on any account, and I felt my heart race again as the horses slowed and the carriage drew up by the entrance to the Festival Hall.
“Now shut up and turn around”.
“You’re wrong”
The minute he’d stepped through the door he knew it, the words ‘tough shit they were out of Twix I had to…’ dying on his lips, the cans and packets crashing to the ground as he’d ran, leapt, hurled himself across the room to the figure lying prone on the floor by the window. And still it felt like wading through treacle, taking just too long to get there, and scared of what he’d find when he did.
That fire once ignited continued to burn unchecked throughout the night, those flashing blue eyes that had so enthralled me now fixed, unmoving in my consciousness. I was restless, drifting between sleep and an agitated wakefulness, heartsick at the thought I might never see him again and desperate to comprehend why this should matter to me quite so much.
“Sherlock?....Sherlock!...Are you well? My god Sherlock”
His hand moved of its own volition to rub at the faded, lumpy scar tissue and he jerked it away, reflexively when his fingers brushed over smooth, undamaged skin. Now he must be dreaming, drugged or in some sort of trance, because there wasn’t a day went by that his heart didn’t ache at the memory of that day, and the friends he had lost.
He could feel every pulse and contraction as he thrust forward again, burying himself deeper, pulling back and slamming in a little harder this time, aching for more, still trying not to fuck too hard, to just fucking take what he wanted… John needed to enjoy this too.
His feet were sore from the cobblestones that poked through the thin soles of his boots by the time he made it to Oxford Street so he allowed himself a moment to rest and take in the incredible sight. Ladies and gents walked arm in arm along the garishly decorated thoroughfare, garlands of twisted holly and mistletoe hung from every doorway and window, enhancing the tempting displays inside the fancy stores, selling goods he could only dream of being able to afford. He would buy a pretty necklace for Harry maybe, and for his mother a beautiful crystal ornament in the shape of a swan. But that was just a wild fantasy, for now all he needed was something to eat and enough money to pay their bill.
He still hadn’t stirred , arms hanging limp as a ragdolls over the side until they were lifted, and tucked in tight under an orange waffle blanket. He looked so young and so fucking breakable, and John bent double at the waist as his stomach stabbed and twisted again.
“I did as you wanted, I spent a year in America for god’s sake, left my home and family…what more can you want?” Victor whined pathetically, didn’t he know pleading wouldn’t help? “He came back to
“And do you want to?”
“You wish?” he went on, “I care not for your wishes.” Flecks of foamy spittle speckled the polished wood of the desk. “Know only this boy. My son has come to his senses at last, and has set his mind to knuckle down to the family business. He deeply regrets this…dalliance that occurred between the two of you, the like of which would bring shame upon the family if it were revealed, and so he begs me think of it as nothing more than exuberance of youth, a fleeting experimentation, an abominable mistake. I do not have to call him here to know he has no wish to see you, nor to speak to you, so I bid you again whore, to leave.”
“And what were you doing Boy?” John cleared his throat, pitching his voice as low as he could go, his eyes were wide and dark, pupils dilated in clear arousal.
“Oh god this is so good” he sighed biting off another enormous chunk of ham and egg pie.
It went like a dream. the boy dropped his scarf like he said and the man bent down to pick it up. As he reached forward a gap appeared between his calf and the top of his boot and John slipped swift fingers in and drew out the hidden pouch.
“John, I believe?”
“ I don’t know, maybe….yes?”
“Fuck…that’s awful…but it’s not my Dad…well he’s not the one who did this, anyway” he brushed his fingertips nervously over the injured side of his face, “I just can’t face going home tonight…need some space”
“A William Sherringford booked passage to the Indies in 1763, two months from the last date he was seen on your family estate, if indeed it were he…he travelled aboard the Aconissa out of Liverpool on August third of that year”.
“They’re incredible, Christ Sherlock I knew you were good but….fuck….you shouldn’t have used my name though”.
“Really?”
Sherlock actually giggled while Lestrade just shook his head and called him a ‘bloody prat’.
Okay, now he had made a deduction too.
“Sherlock?....
“I love my brother”, she began, taking a breath to gather herself, the sleeves of her jumper tucked over her hands like mittens against the cold, “Him and mum are all I have”, she went on, staring off across the carpark into space, “and so I hurt when he hurts and it’s the same for him. I was pleased you know, that night when he texted me, all excited and confused cause he’d seen some boy in a crowd that made him question himself”, she turned to look at him fully then, eyes a little glassy with a sheen of tears, “It was a long time coming, and so I told him to go for it, encouraged it because Sarah was a dead loss, anyone with a pair of eyes could see he wasn’t into her even at the start, but I already knew the real reason even if no-one else did, it was always just a smokescreen”.
“And your friend sir?”
“But he’s fine….better than, at least here, that is…” a thought occurred, “have you done this to him too you imbeciles?....the man has suffered from PTSD for the better part of the last five years and something like this would send him over the edge again” (he, on the other hand, had extensive experience with fantastical hallucinations)
It wasn’t even a question.
Or had he? Well, he had been the one doing the penetrating, not the other way round, but that still counted right? John was a little confused. Did it only really count as losing your virginity if Sherlock fucked him? He wasn’t sure. He would have to ask Sherlock that. Oh shit! He was gone wasn’t he? John had his number in his phone obviously, but there had been no goodbye this morning and they hadn’t made any further plans to see each other. But last night had been so amazing. Sleeping with someone he had only just met, especially when this time yesterday he had been obliviously heterosexual, was insane, but Sherlock was beyond beautiful and he had kept his promise and made it good for John. His phone was lying on the pillow, he was sure he hadn’t left it there earlier. John picked it up and switched it back on (he had definitely been avoiding Sara, at least subconsciously, several missed calls, guilt returning) The two most recent texts were from Sherlock. He opened them.
“Like you’ve just been fucked”
“It’s okay, I won’t tell mum if you want to sneak out and look for him” Harry peered at him over the top of the latest copy of Kerrang, with eyes made wide by copious amounts of black kohl eyeliner.
“Jesus Sherlock, you arse…give a bloke some warning when in the vicinity of a burning hot cuppa”, John winced, as he slopped hot liquid on his jeans, “how long have you been storing that one in the wank- bank? – I’m almost scared to ask”.
Sherlock would never admit to John that he was actually nervous. Not of the performance, that would be a breeze, but the rest of it, this, John in the same room as his ex, because if one thing was certain, as soon as Mycroft had confirmed his attendance Victor would have made it his business to be there. Victor didn’t have his new number thank god, not after Sherlock had launched the last phone into the depths of the river Thames effectively severing their last remaining connection, and John would be there too this time, but Victor could be so unbearably arrogant that he would view John’s presence as a challenge rather than a serious threat. If the two came face to face trouble would be almost inevitable.
“For fuck’s sake Sherlock…why the hell would you do that? Were you actually out of your mind?”
“And I likewise”, I answered, too simply perhaps. For Tom in truth looked magnificent in chestnut-brown breeches which showed the strong lines and muscles of his thighs to their finest advantage, a soft linen shirt of ivory and a waistcoat of the same hue with gold applique at the pocket and a row of gleaming gold buttons. His chestnut top-coat strained across his broad strong shoulders and sandy brown waves of hair flopped endearingly over one eye. He saw the admiration in my gaze, I think, roaming freely up and down the length of him. It pleased me when it raised a colour to his cheeks and he pushed the errant waves back from his forehead, face flushed with discomfiture and pleasure.
Sherlock could not afford to spin out of control again.
John was silent too, but Sherlock caught him out of the corner of his eye, staring at him too from time to time.
“Hardly…I’m no angel myself, I was messing around with girls at that age, you know a cheeky fumble, a handy…this isn’t really any different, except for the arsehole taking photograph’s of it”.
“You have got to be fucking kidding me Sherlock” Greg wiped a hand across his face, distorting his lips as it moved down to pull absently with the rough dark stubble on his chin. “Right, spill…why the hell would you be mixed up with these fucking low-lives. No” he pointed at Sherlock, “in your case I can guess, what did he sell you, was it the coke or the heroin, cause I know you’ve had both this week….I’ve seen it enough times so don’t you dare try and deny it”
“This should send out the message loud and clear, don’t you think?"
“It would be nice, you know, to live somewhere like this one day, I like it, it feels…right”
“Oh, I know all about Mr Victor Trevor dear, and if Sherlock was even remotely interested I’m sure he would be with him right now, not here with you, so drink up and go kiss that gorgeous mouth” .
“Not really, not when it felt like a red hot poker up my arse….well, at first it did anyway….”
The bed dipped beside me and John, fully dressed in outdoor garb sat by my side. He cocked his head and peered at me amused, taking in my disheveled hair, even wilder than was usual, the pallor of my skin and the ugly scents of my sins still upon me. Sweat, puke, drink, smoke and the tainting touch from the opium room.
“Exceptionally good, or so I’ve been told….and you said
“Well, well John Watson, that annoying little public sex kink has got you all hard again hasn’t it? You want to take me in front of a roomful of people, bend me over on the middle of the dance floor, shove your massive co………”
I turned to stare at him in confusion until struck with the most startling moment of clarity and relief. It pierced through the rising tide of blind panic in my mind that somehow there could have been a mistake in our coming here. But no; I nodded in recognition and stepped forward with a purpose renewed, ignoring any curious glances thrown our way for the richness of our attire for this place, silk cravats and finely tailored waistcoats at odds with the simple working men’s garb. For once I thanked providence for my slender form and quick, light feet as I bravely used elbows and shoulders to move easily through the press of bodies, carving a path for Tom behind me without an eyebrow or a fist for that matter raised against us. True, there were a few slopped beers and stubbed toes and a generous lungful of smoke for our troubles, but we made it through to the back of the room to a small oak door to the left of the bar. It sat incongruous, the space before it kept free of tables or stools. Nothing to show it as anything remarkable, but beyond the point the rest of the building was private, admittance at the sole invitation of the landlord himself, and so it remained habitually closed. It led, I knew, to the aforementioned dining room and from thence to another door to the stairwell with access to the all the upper floors and private guest rooms. A corridor veered off to the right of the stairs towards a narrow galley kitchen at the back of the building. This I knew from memory, as for the moment I stared perplexed as the way through remained resolutely, frustratingly barred.
“That won’t be necessary” Sherlock scowled
“Well you know he was expelled don’t you?”
We were practising for the masquerade that night, and Sarah the maid had enlisted her help in her mistress’s absence, for we both were in agreement that John’s dance skills were lacking, and the ladies of London would be suitably appalled at such a mediocre display.
“It was you? You were the one who asked…an older man?”
Shit, he needed to move his arse, he thought as a few passers-by cast glances his way. He didn’t look that out of place though, barely out of school himself and on the small side for his age, he could easily pass for an ex-student just back for a visit. He hesitated on the threshold anyway.
“Well you’re dead wrong this time mate”, John said defensively, “And what’s more… I’ll bloody well prove it”
“Let him up, move slowly, back off”
“I’ve just never done anything like this…never wanted to before, not with anyone” John said, twisting the edge of the covers between nervous fingers. He looked back at Sherlock expectantly, trusting him to have the right answers even though he wasn’t sure there were any. How did you put a name to this, it was just…what it was…them, Sherlock and John.
“Hi there, you must be Sherlock…do you mind if I come up?”
“Stay here…together” he murmured as he drifted into unconsciousness.
“All taken care of my love” cook called from behind them “mistress had me make up a basket to take on home with you…there’s enough there to feed you all l for a week or more, if you store it well that is”
“That’s not even the point Sherlock…. Did you even stop and think before you jumped right off the deep end? How the hell could you do this to yourself again? Christ, for someone who’s supposed to be so damn intelligent you can be incredibly fucking thick”
“Yes, I imagine he did…you do understand what this means Sherlock? I do hope you know what you are doing”
But John just shook his head and sighed
I blinked and rubbed my eyes to no avail. The space where they had stood, laughing and panting with exertion was filled with moving bodies lining up for the Scottish Reel. The jaunty strains of the fiddle player could be heard above the din as the crowd murmured with excitement and settled again expectantly. We had practised this dance him and I, leaping about the room in wild abandon as Sarah clapped out the beat and hummed the tune in a sweet high voice so unsuited for the task, the three of us collapsed in laughter upon the floor by the end, while our neighbour made his feelings known most emphatically, as various objects were hurled at the wall that divided our chambers.
Mycroft hummed thoughtfully “Irritation and inflammation of the nasal passages…yes, I did wonder, but one can’t help but hope, you see”
For the second time that night John placed a steady, warm hand over his own. He blinked in the harsh light, ashamed and confused.
“Maybe you should give it a try, smart arse, Sara walked out on the job last night so there’s an opening for a Christmas elf…I dare you”
He hadn’t been led astray, hadn’t been abused, or damaged, or used, if anything, he had used them, addicted to the endorphin high of sex, a fuck to get his fix.
John looked stunned “I’m sorry, but it’s just not what a kid like me expects”
Sherlock moved off, no longer able to see them but trusting in the directions he’d been given. John would make an excuse to nip off and meet him, and Mary would wave him off with a smile and a peck on the cheek and tell him not to be too long on his mysterious errand that couldn’t wait.
He had him now, he was done, no more mister smart arse.
He picked up his jacket and they headed out the door, finally, first stop the fish and chip shop on the high street, (not) amusingly named ‘The Codfather’.
He floated on a sea of endorphins as the sharp stinging pain turned to a throbbing pulse of pleasure in his groin.
“No, he needs to see us and see that we’re alone. In this scenario you don’t find Billy, he finds you” Sherlock twirled a little on the spot, eyes searching this way and that despite what he had just said. He was impatient, antsy and had the beginnings of a spectacular headache building up pressure behind his right eye making him squint in the half-light. He resisted the urge to shake his head.
“It was you, wasn’t it?” Sherlock could tell from the look on his face, like butter wouldn’t melt. A skilfully executed sabotage, what a devious little bastard he was.
“Look mate I’m a doctor, and I think you might be suffering from some sort of stress reaction, because really, you’re not making a whole lot of sense right now…is there someone I could call? Wife? Family?”
John paid the driver and sent him on his way as I stared in wonder at the well- kept shop fronts of the high street, the hand-painted signs in cursive swirls, brightly coloured and inviting. For this I had not seen, so unlike the spare and unadorned premises of a country village, where everyone knew what wares were stocked inside and so none had cause to flaunt their produce in this way. For the butcher a ham or two hung on hooks outside the door was all, and the grocer a cart of vegetables that changed as the changing seasons would warrant, and the baker, well, the delicious and tempting aromas were known for miles around to both locals and strangers alike.
She glanced down. “That’s the fifth time in the last five minutes darling….somebody loves you” her eyes flickered over to John again as she licked her lips suggestively, coquettish persona firmly back in place.
Sherlock wandered through the building, fingers trailing over wood and brass and stone, feeling the age and history of the building, hearing all the stories whispering along the isles and soaking into the darkly polished pews.
“I want your cock…want you to fuck me now…”
He said nothing of which I wasn’t most painfully aware, but treading old ground was not my purpose and I tried again.
“Okay….right, you pick someone then…, anyone you like, preferably someone you reckon is out of my league, and I guarantee you I’ll pull, no problem”.
It was crowded but not as bad as last time when he had been forced to inhale someone elses bad breath and body odour.
I huffed in annoyance and pushed John out of the way, and standing in his place I took up Sarah in his stead, one hand at her waist and my left arm extended my hand held in hers. John shook his head, amused, and moved to the bed where he climbed up upon the edge to watch us, cross-legged atop the covers.
“Another?”
John wondered when the hell his life took this turn for the insane, and why exactly he was completely okay with that.
“Mmm” John mumbled, sucking hard on the pale white skin of Sherlock’s neck
“My gran said he’s an arrogant twat who acts like he’s master of the house even though he’s only twenty-five…oh, and that he treats his little brother like shit and that’s never okay, because, gran says, family is all you have in the end….you’re her favourite by the way, I forgot to tell you that”
Graham Watson considered him for a moment, and then with a smile and a nod, which may or may not have been approval, turned his attention back to the overflowing in-tray.
“Sorry”, he whispered, “She does that… dozy cow”.
He bit his lip and squeezed his eyes shut as Sherlock stroked his thumb firmly down John’s trapped erection, swirling it over the head and catching the leaking beads of precome. He held it out towards John’s face, and feeling thoroughly dirty and desperate he lifted his head from the pillow and sucked at his own bitter fluid hungrily. Sherlock simply stared, open-mouthed, his body giving a gratifying shudder at the suck and pull of John’s tongue on his flesh.
“Hey, Greg’s not on duty tonight is he?”
“Shut the fuck up, some of those tracks and carts are bloody hard!” Dimmock protested.
“Mr ‘olmes?”, he said, scratching at his no doubt, lice-ridden head, keen dark eyes staring out of a dirt-streaked face.
Yeah, but I don’t really know you at all, do I, thought John. Or anything you might be in the habit of doing. He must be mad, coming way out here in the middle of nowhere late at night with someone he barely knew. Because it was true. What did he even know about this boy other than the fact he was impossibly gorgeous and unattainable, bossy and unpredictable and way, way out of John’s league?
“You sneaky bastard” he gasped
It was madness, but a madness that had seized us both so it seemed, that I could even consider fleeing with a near- stranger was as jumping from the frying pan into the flame. But how did it differ from the circumstances that had so lately led me to this very door? Mrs Tuner had been a stranger too, less obviously dangerous in her female form, but the nature of her business had surely revealed her as more so, and it would not end but with my utter degradation. His words had stirred the reckless, restless spirit within me, the one that had caused my mother such despair and my father to beat me when he could catch hold, which wasn’t often and Mycroft, dear lost brother had laughed at my untamed ways. In my grief I had forgotten myself and let others less worthy try to mould my future, this decision I would take on my own terms . The fire had not gone I understood that now, it had only been waiting for this one wondrous person to set it ablaze once more.
‘Ah, but these
“Oh right, sorry, just a sec”.
He could stay for the night, and his brother would come in the morning, Mrs Watson said on the drive home. That was after the lecture from a longsuffering policeman, and another from a social services busybody and only then was he allowed to leave, accompanied by a responsible adult.
“Be back in a minute mate” he clapped Mike on the shoulder and moved off towards the backstage area. Maybe Greg would be able to shed some light on all this. Greg looked up as he approached, smiling in recognition.
“Great”, said John, crawling over to join him on the edge of the bed, “Now I know you won’t just disappear….and if I’m honest I didn’t think you’d still be here this morning….but I’m really glad you are ”.
He couldn’t help it, really, it must have been the drink or something, the noise that came out somewhere between something a donkey would make and a pig-snort. Sherlock scowled and folded his arms across his chest in defiance.
“What?...” he shook his head, all stuffed with cotton wool, brain-fog, as clumsy fingers reached for the phone.
Baker Street.
“And lots more flying lessons of course”
With a graceful leap, Sherlock grabbed at a knot set just above head-height. He hung there for a moment enjoying the muscles in his arms flexing, and let the rope sway with his weight.
“Oh god Myc, you feel so fucking good…”
John slowed down, almost crawling along a road which, from what he could gather in the dark amounted to little more than a dirt track or a bridle-way of some sort. It was bordered on both sides by a stretch of unkempt hedgerow, and this far out of town the only source of light came from the single bright beam of his headlight. It danced across the uneven surface ahead of them so that the various pot-holes and furrows, so easy to pick out in daylight made for an infinitely more dangerous journey at night.  Nothing that John couldn’t handle of course, but that had been a solo ride, while this time, he was achingly aware of Sherlock’s solid presence at his back, and the way he held John’s waist in a death-grip.
“How long did it take to turn him? I would’ve paid to see that happen”
“As I was saying” Sherlock continued, as he pushed his robes off his shoulders, letting them fall to the floor, the other layers followed soon after revealing acres of smooth white skin just begging to be marked “The hat told me I would be too much of a corrupting influence on the studious minds of Ravenclaw”, he shivered as John ran his hands up and down, exploring the warm soft skin beneath his eager fingertips “and besides that, my true destiny lay here, in Gryffindor” he arched his head back, melting under John’s touch.
A young lady burst forth, her bodice and hair in much disarray and flushed pink about the chest with exertion, exclaiming that ‘she would not ride the St George, and you cannot make me sir, dirty beast that you are’.
We travelled in all haste to my new abode, pausing momentarily in St Paul’s Churchyard where my mistress alighted to make a small purchase, a pair of gloves, and from thence onward to where I now know to be a street just off Covent Garden Road. My heart soared. I would be close to my friend after all, and I vowed to inform her at the earliest opportunity of my good fortune, and to lay thanks of course for her part therein.
‘Well, from what I could gather from the ladies of the house, you know how they love to gossip I am sure, they had been led to believe you had made your escape to some relation or other that you had recollected in town’.
Warm familiar hands stroked up my spine as I heaved once more, cheeks flushed hot from the exertion and the humiliating circumstance as John, my John coaxed and soothed, whispering words of comfort that I could not hear. I wiped off my mouth with the back of my hand and stood shaking, hands gripped onto the curved stone rail for support.
“Oh fuck Sherlock…oh god…ahh…” he jerked Victor harder, he was so hot and wet, a slight twist of the wrist, his thumb flicking out over the head, circling around in a teasing dance, feeling the tension build in every muscle and fibre until Victor unravelled and came, spilling out over his clenched fist, thick and warm, staining his t-shirt and jeans. He stroked him through it, milking the last few pearly drops, fingers fully coated in viscous fluid, before bringing them up to his lips for a taste, the musky tang of sex on his tongue.
I grieved for him. It would be his loss too in the end.
Right, clothes. Off. Now.
“What’s up Watson….did Sherlock keep you up all night?” quipped Mike.
They were out in the cool night air before he dared crack open his eyes again, blinking rapidly in the fading light, while they waited for a suitable break in traffic. Sherlock was ready this time when John indicated left and took off again, weaving through the early evening rush hour with a practised ease. It was…not at all what he’d expected…it was terrifying yes, but in a way that was oddly exhilarating. Sherlock tried to relax into the motion, loosening his claw-like grip on John’s sides just enough to ease out the cramps in his fingers.
He heard a soft murmur of voices, Mycroft low and sonorous, all precision and clipped vowels, and the doctor, the one they’d just seen, with a higher female voice joining in. The door opened again and Anthea emerged, Blackberry clasped in her hand as usual, but actually making eye contact for a change, but she didn’t speak just smiled at John and nodded to Greg, walking off down the corridor in a swish of skirt against nylon tights and clicking stiletto heels.
John glanced nervously up and down the street, no-one was watching. He pressed up on his toes for a soft chaste kiss, but Sherlock caught him in a full-on snog, bullying his tongue into John’s mouth and pulling on his bottom lip with his teeth. John was embarrassed by the involuntary moan which escaped his lips and Sherlock hummed against him in amusement.
‘How did it come about, the dissolution of your father’s affairs?’
“How old was he, you bastard, how fucking old?”
Sherlock pressed down his thumb and watched, as John’s naked cock and bare arse whooshed off into the ether.
He placed a finger on his lips in a silent ‘Shh’ as the cat flicked its tail back and forward in irritation. Mabel. Maybe she should stay like that, Sherlock would prefer it to the patronising nonsense that issued from her mouth.
She pointed at the offending shoulder.
“Have you been a good girl this year” he turned to Faye first “Yes Santy” she lisped. “And have you been a good little boy?” he turned to Billy too. “Ess Santa…I been very good”.
Was she being kind, worried that my lover would cast me off when the novelty and romance had worn thin? Or did she have designs as Mrs Turner had, and saw in my figure and face a way to make coin and take advantage of my precarious situation at some future date ?
‘You are so beautiful…how could you not know, how did others not see before me? What power is this that brought you to me, for I swear Sherlock, no man on god’s earth could be as fortunate as I just to look upon you’.
(yeah it would probably be a fucking blood bath, but he was willing to play along, let’s see what you’ve got Mycroft)
He eased out of John’s body gently, shit, he would still have a sore arse tomorrow, dropping the condom on the floor in a hurry to wrap himself back around warm sweaty limbs, a tangle of arms and legs.
Sherlock just shrugs, because he knows.
Maybe he was going into cardiac arrest – could weed do that?
“Yeah…oh, this one here wants a fifty” she jerked a thumb at Sherlock who sat at the kitchen table looking twitchy and drawn again, fidgeting nervously in his coat pocket.
This had all turned into such a godawful mess. Her own son and he didn’t feel he could come to her, confide in her anymore. It was her own stupid fault, the way she had treated Sherlock, no the wonder John had kept this part of himself hidden for so long.
Tom petted and praised, stoking the fire of my vanity as I gazed enraptured at the image in the mirror before me, what a proud bearing I had, such luscious curls and dazzling eyes that the gentleman was sure to be thrilled with me. They were empty words, I now know, chosen with artful design to coddle and flatter, decking the victim out for sacrifice, as in truth the ensemble leant a tawdry air to my unblemished innocence rather than enhanced it and even my childish joy could not conceal a faint air of discomfort.
It was enough. To all intents and purposes I was free.
John was struck with a sudden urge to take them between his own hands. Just to warm them up a bit, he tried to reason. He bit his lip and pushed that tempting thought somewhere far, far away. It was something he’d have to think about later, much later, when Sherlock wasn’t standing quite so close to him. “I could…” he said, “I mean, if you want…it’s hardly a luxury car, but…hey, no, forget it.” John stared down at his own feet, scraping a toe along the asphalt. Sherlock always made him feel so tongue-tied, but it came as a surprise to find it might be mutual.
The words stung as he had meant them to. I cast around wildly, searching for his face, that one face, my safety and my home, so that I might make mock of them. But there, engrossed in her words and leaning in close, he looked into Mary’s eyes as he had only ever looked in mine and shard of pure ice lanced through my heart. I tore my eyes away and felt my body sway, the champagne coursing through my blood as I fought to stay calm and force myself to look again, to see what was really there and not just what I feared to see, to observe dispassionately.
In a desperate bid for some modicum of control he sucked in a deep breath and held it there to the count of four. But that went all to shit aswell, puffing back out in a rush as Sherlock walked back in complete with pointy elf ears and rosy red cheeks…. and was that a hint of…lipstick on his mouth?
“And how could I do that when I haven’t been invited Mummy?...There are still some social conventions that even I am unwilling to ignore”
It was as I had believed, a new filly to parade before the stud.
“Irene…always a pleasure”
A taxi swept into view and Sherlock thrust out a long arm to beckon it over. With one final longing glance he climbed into the back of the cab and wound down the window to deliver his parting shot.
“Are you suggesting some sort of fight?” John just shook his head and smiled.
… and then thought you’d foist him on the family did you now…I will not have it I say!”
“But I think I need to punish you some more” his heart rate kicked up a gear again as John slowly dragged off the loosened school tie.
“Maybe I’ll just suck on a bit of your blood like a vampire, would that make you happy?”
“Damn the sun, for it is much too bright”, I croaked out in a voice that was not my own, rasping and rough from bile and smoke alike and rendered even deeper than was usual. For I knew what I had done, what I’d put us both through, my transgression the worse for doubting his constancy in a moment of madness and insecurity.
How the hell did he do that, his fevered brain supplied as his body convulsed on command, and he came, pushed deep inside, as his cock pulsed out it’s warm viscous load. He could feel it this time, every contraction of Sherlock’s body, quivering around him, and the liquid heat surrounding him….his own liquid heat.
That might be a good plan, go in and buy a tea, he was gagging for a cup and it would be warm and safe, another hour should be enough, more people, more cars or a bus, it was Sunday and he could just crash, sleep until lunch and try Sherlock again, his stuff was still there after all. His feet turned towards the kerb, lured by the smell of buttered toast on the air as the door swung closed.
Sherlock looked down pointedly at the front of John’s jeans and the tell-tale tightness there. John closed his eyes and sighed, he did that on purpose the fucking bastard!.
“Oh.” Sherlock sat down heavily on the mattress. “Is that a polite way to say it’s a mess? – because believe me, I know it is.”
‘Come now young sir don’t be shy’, he said, ‘I am sure we can do better than that’ and stepping forward this most odious of creatures clutched my face between clammy palms and pressed his mouth to mine such as left no question as to his salacious designs upon my person. A thick hideous tongue sought entrance to my mouth, and his hot stinking breath overwhelmed my senses enough to make me retch in distress, unable as I was to pull away.
“It’s either this, or drinks at the Diogenes Club with Mycroft genius….so bloody well take your pick”
An amused cough sounded from the vicinity of the open door and they sprang apart guiltily.
“Sherlock, how lovely to see you brother dear, it’s been an age, Friday evening was it not?”
“ Sorry, have to ask mate, in the interests of scientific curiosity, ya know?”
“What?”(Re-engage brain with mouth) “No, not now obviously….logistics..” he gestured vaguely around the steamy bathroom.
Charlotte looked positively gleeful, Sebastian looked triumphant, and John looked…far too interested.
John stared back wide-eyed. Sherlock couldn’t be serious, could he? John swallowed thickly. He felt a tight knot of anger in his chest but answered as calmly as he could. “Oh, you know – something about the way he touched you. He was pretty rough mate. I mean, look, he shoved you in the back, right between your shoulders, that must have
“I will not deny it…where we met is immaterial…Sherlock is of noble birth…I entreat you sir to see reason”.
Not that he minded much, they would just fuss and say how tall he’d grown and how the young ladies must be swooning at the sight of such a handsome young man. Did they really do that? The habits of fainting females were not really his forte.
“Not going to happen mate, we’ve never hidden a thing from each other in the five years we’ve been friends and I’m not about to start now”.
Anthea and Charlotte left around ten, and the rest of the guests soon after, leaving only Sebastian and Mason, waiting for the return of Mycroft’s driver. They retired to the study where a warm fire crackled in the grate, orange flames casting sinister shadows around the room. John sat on the long squashy sofa set at a right-angle to the hearth and Sherlock flopped down beside him, stretching out, cat-like with his head resting in John’s lap, closing his eyes as John’s fingertips drifted through his curls, smoothing them back from his brow and tucking them around his ears.
“You’re not all wrong, I am a trained dancer though, and I am a student, a student without financial support, so you know…it pays the bills”
“Yes, I do believe I was….but no matter, I am yours now to do with as you will”.
“Er…okay? I’ll just be a couple of minutes”
"Hey." John said, and startled him out of his thoughts. “Having second thoughts?”
“Good, that’s…good yeah, but not for a couple more years…..hey come in properly, I’m being a shit host tonight…living room…the pizza just got here, grab some quick before Stamford snaffles it all”
’ until then” the hint of a smirk played at the corner of his mouth as he levelled his gaze at John.
“You read them…my messages?”
His voice was hesitant and soft and there was fear there too, at the very edges which none but myself would have recognised for what it was, and only then because I recognised the same in my own breast. What he should fear I could only guess but for myself it was surely that I had, yet again, thrown in my lot with a stranger and entrusted my future welfare to them with nothing more to offer as service than my body, for as long as he would have me.
“But John…”
“Mary” the girl helpfully supplied, correctly reading the signs. John smiled sheepishly.
Sherlock hummed happily, “Lazy bastard letting me do all the work”.
“Oh fuck…. that’s gorgeous…” John whispered in a trembling voice, hands now ghosting over the tops of his thighs, squeezing handfuls of succulent firm flesh before trailing up his spine, pushing the school sweater up to his shoulder blades. He was half- naked now, embarrassingly exposed and his cheeks flamed with a heady mix of humiliation and want, cock already leaking on John’s smart tailored trousers.
By eight o’ clock he was dying to get out of that place, completely exhausted and sweating like a fat- lass in a chip shop in the red Santa suit. Sherlock had managed to behave for the rest of the afternoon, only doing that irritating snort of his twice more, and the murderous looks John shot him were enough to make him shut up, thank god. It was bloody stressful, like constantly chastising a naughty child or holding a grenade in your hand, never sure if, or when, it was going to go off.
There was a slight tsk of annoyance above him as a deep velvet voice muttered
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed dangerously.
Not far enough. He swung back again, building up momentum like the rhythmic swing of the pendulum, and in a leap of faith or of recklessness, his hands parted company with the lip of the sill, his body twisting through the air to land with a clatter on the scullery roof. It sent broken shards of slate skittering down into the yard. A dog down the street began to bark at the noise. John crouched, cat-like and panting hard, waiting for the animal to calm before drawing himself up to his fullest height once more. He stretched out his arms to me, and beckoned. “Sherlock, come!”
Sherlock gasped and pulled away.
Victor made to step by. Mycroft stuck out the end of the ubiquitous umbrella to block his path.
‘Oh Sherlock, I think you had better like this one or our mistress might not be so tolerant this time’, he sighed.
How did I ever find one such as him who would worship me this way?
“Is that all you’ve got John? Fuck me like you mean it”
“So, you can go down without me, we’ve got a load of things to do today and I can tell you’re an absolute fucking nightmare when you’re hungry”
And Sherlock….he looked radiant, alive, exactly where he was supposed to be, he fit right into this alien world, this ethereal waif in tight black jeans.
‘Oh the poor dear’ said Mrs Turner, ‘the excitement of the day has fair worn him out. Take him up to bed Tom and get him all settled…make sure he’s comfortable’.
Would John prefer the truth, or a sugar-coated lie? Well the fact that he was still here, waiting, counted for a hell of a lot.
I did not answer, but thought of the box beneath his bed and the weapon that lay within it. Would I try to stop him…could I, if he left this room with murderous intent?
So the carriage trotted on over dirty cobbled roads which grew ever shabbier the further they went, until John gave the signal as they reached his street, a row of dilapidated back-to backs, with missing tiles and broken windows completing the picture of destitution and despair.
It had only just begun.
‘I can get you a place if you like, in service with a very kind mistress, you’re hands are much too soft for heavy work lovey-dove’.
“At least let me make you some breakfast”, John said. He looked younger, strangely, sunlight hitting his face through a crack in the curtains. He put up a hand to shield his eyes , the crumpled sheet pooling around his waist. Sherlock wanted nothing more than to crawl back in that bed and climb on top of him again, to spend the day fucking and sleeping and fucking some more. His arse still hurt and it felt wonderful.
“You’ve seen him in action, tongue like a whip, ‘ Mr I don’t give a shit’….what do you think?”
“On your head be it then brother, but don’t say I didn’t warn you…you know it would be so much worse for John if this ever came out? You can go to jail for buggery Sherlock, and they give harsher sentences to members of the lower class”.
“No, it just feels…empty. Come on, now!”
My tone was condescending and haughty, I knew, but I was vexed and hot and hungry, and his twittering attentions and wanderings hands had irked me in the extreme. John coughed behind his hand, amused, but hid it well, and surprised too, for he had never before observed how I might change my character in this way on a whim.
“Let me make myself clear” he said, in a low, dangerous voice, the position of dominance gave full advantage to his extra height, “I do not need your
He had agreed not to see him until today, but the total lack of contact was owing to the fact that Sherlock was in trouble – yet again.
‘I am an innocent sir’, I protested most vociferously, yet to take that final fateful step.
He would have known in heartbeat if John were still here in this room, his presence filling up every available space, a pull at his very core, but the emptiness was suffocating and John was his oxygen, he needed him to breathe. He had gone, he was sure, left him, driven away by the incontrovertible truth.
“Have you any idea how much of a turn on that was?” he added in a rush.
“You do know if I was a woman that would count as sexual harassment?”
Sherlock pushed free of the restrictive covers, exposing them both to the cool morning air.
As they climbed the staircase to Gryffindor Tower John was relieved to note that some of the bravado had slipped away as Sherlock glanced curiously, and nervously around. He seemed overwhelmed by the level of attention as everyone crowded around him, clapping him on the back in welcome and firing off a hundred and one questions. John relaxed a little, the guy was human after all.
“You are such a fucking tart Sherlock…come here”
Why the hell had he said that? To a stranger aswell…it was one thing to think it in the darkest corner of his heart, but another level of awkward to blurt it out like that. Christ, he needed to call time on the drinking, or he would end up an alcoholic like Harry.
Lust breeds impatience and this vile suitor was not to be denied his prize and upon summoning me once more to the parlour where the tea things had been duly laid out, I was left alone to entertain him.
“Harder…spank me harder Sir” he circled his hips shamelessly, grinding his cock against ruined fabric as John let out an involuntary moan.
“Hmm”
Stupid, stupid Sherlock. It had been a mistake to even go there, to see Victor in the flesh again, he thought angrily as he stomped towards the University campus wreathed in the early evening darkness. He took a final drag on his third cigarette in a row, flicking it away into someone’s front garden, a smouldering blot on the neat square of grass. He felt achingly cold through the thin material of his t-shirt and jacket, but bore it like the punishment he deserved. It would be hard to go through with what he knew he had to do tonight, to make this right, face the threat of condemnation and just bloody well lay all his cards on the table, tell him, tell John everything. And if he couldn’t tell him? Then he was just going to have to bloody well show him.
Sherlock turned on the tap and held his hands under the steady stream, so cold it almost burned. He gathered the freezing liquid in cupped palms and splashed it over his clammy skin. The image in the mirror peered back, ghost-like and hunted, deep purple shadows under dull, dead eyes, white skin pulled taught over the sharp, angular contours, the same face he had seen every day at his worst, a dead man walking.
That he wanted Mycroft in return was a constant source of bemusement. He was tall and relatively slim, despite Sherlock’s barbed comments, but with a physique it would be fair to describe as ‘doughy’, with acres of pale freckled skin, and none of the angular, sculpted beauty of his achingly attractive sibling. But Greg made Mycroft feel beautiful, hands and mouth exploring him, mapping every inch as if it really mattered, that he mattered, as a person, not simply as an enormous brain.
“Don’t give him your heart John, he’ll cut it open sooner or later, like one of his fucking experiments, just to see how you tick and then you’ll be left to pick up the pieces while he moves on…because once he finds out how the puzzle works he gets
“Because you’re dealing with professionals”, Sherlock closed down the file and straightened up, “and I doubt they would be that sloppy, no, this is a message to someone, and a warning…I need access, there is only so much you can capture on screen”.
Sherlock dragged John over to the Western corner where it looked, at first glance as if the ceiling had been lowered. It hadn’t. Angling the beam of light upward, John picked out the shape of a mezzanine floor. The staircase, which should have been on the right was missing, but in its place hung a thick length of rope. John wandered over and caught hold with his free hand. He gave it a sharp downward tug to test its strength. “You rigged this up yourself then? That’s a bit clever.”
“And your solution is to jump right back into bed with me? If you love him so much then why the hell are you here…doesn’t he give you what you want?"
“I was joking for god’s sake Vic…there’s no way I would have any of his body parts anywhere fucking near me….what I did say”, he paused braced for the smack he would get any minute now, “Was that he could watch while
I stood before the window and basked in the glow of the early evening sun, yet warm on my skin from the last sweet remnants of the fine spring day. The sash was pulled open to its fullest height and a breeze like a gentle caress played through my hair and caused my shirt to billow lightly about my naked skin. I stood unseeing, bewitched by the sweet strains of the melody which filled the air as I played, eyes closed against the glare as the light struck glass and swaying slightly, lost in a world of my very own construction where none would ever reach me save him.
“John Watson, you know me so well” he smiled, genuine this time.
“Do it…go on…I dare you”
It was Greg.
Of course he would protest, I would not expect any less knowing his character as I now did, but I pressed my case and he relented, on condition I would allow him to purchase a token gift instead. On that I agreed, not knowing then the extent of his scheme.
“Nice”, said Greg, “nought to sixty in the time it takes to open your eyes, Jesus Christ that kid is fucking bat-shit…..and you my friend, he added, turning to John, “have the patience of a bloody saint…good luck with that”.
Sherlock had left him as soon as they stepped through the door, swept away by one of the organiser’s to a lounge area reserved for ‘the entertainment’ while John was ushered directly to the ballroom and left under the supervision of the head barman.
John grinned back at him, pleased, and gestured for Sherlock to follow him in. They entered through open double doors of corrugated steel into the cluttered workshop space beyond. A tiny blue hatch-back sat jacked up on ramps bordering a deep yet narrow pit, the tyres of which were stacked off against the wall to one side. There was a strong, pervading smell of engine oil and petrol. Sherlock felt oddly light-headed from the imagined fumes and tried not to breathe too deeply. Various tools of which Sherlock couldn’t for the life of him put a name to, were scattered around the resulting carcass of metal like some bizarre frozen tableau, the players having recently stepped off-stage. They skirted around it, a circuitous route with Sherlock careful not to step on anything that might be valuable or important. John headed left toward a tiny, grubby office space, Sherlock nearly up on his heels. To call it a room might be going a little too far, he thought, when really it was little more than a cubby-hole tucked in the back with thin plywood walls inset with plexi-glass. It was as cold as the workshop, and the sole source of heat, from a small, three-bar heater set just inside the propped-open door, barely made a dent in it. An over large desk took up most of the remaining space inside and the over-flowing file cabinets on the back wall, the rest of it.  Every single surface was dulled with years of engine oil and dust, and the collective day-to-day grime tracked through from the workshop on hands and feet and clothes. Sherlock hovered by a pile of discarded engine parts and made a somewhat futile attempt to defy the laws of physics by somehow occupying negative space. Any sudden movement seemed likely to result in death or serious injury, or both. Maybe, he ought to hold his breath…
John didn’t ask and Sherlock didn’t tell, he just followed along wordlessly, allowing John to shepherd him through the house and up the stairs. John pushed him gently into the bathroom and awkwardly began to fumble with his friends’ saturated clothes, stripping them off and leaving them in a soggy pile on the floor. John darted back into his bedroom and picked and old blue t-shirt and a pair of tracksuit bottoms from his dresser drawer, passing them to him through the half-closed bathroom door. Sherlock hovered uncertainly in the doorway of John’s bedroom dressed in a top that swamped his skinny frame and pants that showed three inches of bare ankle.
“Did you already know about this, or were you just saving it as a nice surprise?” he snapped, hating the tone of accusation in his voice.
Mary had short blonde hair which she tucked behind her ears, and pretty light blue eyes, and as the minutes passed he was also happy to admit she was actually good company and really easy going too, not fake or trying to put herself on show. And no obvious signs of flirting, he was relieved to note. It was a damn sight better than listening to the usual blokey banter that he just couldn’t stand anymore. John felt more relaxed than he had done all week. Well that couldn’t last now, could it?
Sherlock…oh god I’m sorry Sherlock…I love you.
“Yeah, I think so”
And who was he to disobey a direct order? Sherlock dropped to his knees and buried his face in soft fuzzy curls, as his fingers gripped onto glorious handfuls of arse. He inhaled, drinking in the raw scent of strawberries, sweat and sex, it felt like home.
John frowned as Sherlock handed him rather wonky looking old model Cleansweep with a number of bristles hanging out.
Well, Sherlock certainly didn’t need to be told twice.
“His name is John”, Mummy had told him, “John Watson… he’s sixteen, one year older than you”.
“Oh god”, Mycroft sighed, taking out a tablet and tapping out a hurried e-mail, “I have a feeling I’m going to live to regret this, but fine…fine, I will make the necessary arrangements”.
“I saw him you know” he whispered, as he wound a hand around Sherlock’s other wrist and squeezed just a little too tight, half walking, half dragging him along. “I spoke to him and he told me…what you did to him, how you touched him” he pitched his voice lower, a rumbling purr in Sherlock’s ear. Heat rose to his cheeks and he stole a glance, Sherlock, wide-eyed and almost trance like by his side, chest moving in and out at a rapid pace.
“You’re sitting on the stairs aren’t you?” John’s voice spoke into his ear, making it race faster still, “sit against the wall or you’ll hurt yourself Stegosaurus spine” he laughed, and Sherlock didn’t even bother to question how he knew,( John always did), he just shuffled over obediently and settled himself on the opposite side.
“Listen, I want you to stay again tonight….at my house…with me, obviously…please?” he looked adorably nervous and uncertain for once, eyes searching John’s face for any signs of doubt or reluctance. As if there would be any chance at all that he would say no, John thought.
“Okay then, he began in a voice trembling with emotion, “maybe tell me more when I’m really fucking drunk, because I’m stone cold sober again now, and I just can’t bear to think about you like that Sherlock….I just can’t. Please tell me that’s’ it now, that there isn’t any more for fuck’s sake”
“Cheeky git! I’m not that short, here, hold this a sec” John passed the bag of food up to Sherlock and stepped back a couple of paces to give himself a little momentum. He followed without too much difficulty, rubber soles scrabbling a little for purchase on the uneven surface, and soon sat astride the wall too.
The door clicked open, the interview apparently at an end.
“How do you feel?” he asked, and I knew he did not mean my physical well-being, my agitation growing more apparent to him the second we had crossed the threshold.
Mycroft sometimes like to believe it wasn’t Sherlock’s fault (entirely). He was an undeniably beautiful child, striking and enigmatic with a natural charisma which drew people to him (but were soon repelled by his obnoxious arrogance and disdain). Sherlock had just as many fans as Greg on the circuit, the majority being teenage girls (which were not likely to create an issue, Sherlock being Kinsey 6 gay) but Mycroft sometimes felt that Sherlock failed to recognise the effect he had on some people, committed as he was to the ‘bang and bolt’ method of seduction. Mycroft sighed.
“And you’re really going to put this thing in your mouth?, it’s disgusting”
John hung around in the corridor, waiting for his next door neighbour, Mike. He was coming over for tea tonight because his mum and dad were off visiting some random relative and Mike hadn’t wanted to go with them. Trust him to be late though, when John was desperate to get home.
“What a sorry sight indeed”, John said, his voice sounding harsh to my sensitive ears, “Champagne Sherlock and a little too much for your first it would appear… you took a little of the opium too, enough to rob you of your senses for a time”, he bent his head as if for a kiss and sniffed at my hair instead. “And you stink of it still…but by god I would still have you”.
Fuck. John felt ill, but he had to detach, try not to see his boyfriend lying there, who’d had his legs wrapped around him just minutes ago, told him he loved him, kissed him, bit him, been fucked, shit…he had to think this through.
Weston smiled in satisfaction. “Then you know the young lady? Yes it is she. The very same.”
“What?”
“Oh, you’re too boring Dimmock. You’ve had the afternoon off and have used that time productively by playing computer games continuously, Mario Kart I would say, using the Nunchuk not the wheel, distinctive thumb indentation and redness on the palm between the index finger and thumb where you squeeze the controller too tight when you play Rainbow Road".
I hear, from these very lips? I will not be parted from you as I care nought for their damned convention nor for any consequence, and so, we
- There were a range of punishments for sodomy in the 18th century, ranging from pillory (the stocks), to imprisonment, to execution by hanging. Public executions were held at Tyburn gallows on Tyburn Hill of the prisoners from Newgate prison until after the late 18th century.
It was a far cry from his own distant, elderly mother, now in her sixties, another generation entirely, continually perplexed by the antics of her wild and uncontrollable youngest son.
“Ooh I know dear, doesn’t seem quite my thing, Frank insisted we come, said that he would be able to support first- hand a cause very close to his heart, his club being in that part of London and all that. We couldn’t get tickets the last time…too expensive” she whispered that last while giving the side-eye to woman standing next to her in a fox-fur stole.
Billy winked conspiratorially and reached into the pocket of his second hand German army parka, drawing out a slide-top plastic bag. A small stoppered bottle filled with cloudy liquid and a sterile package containing a syringe a swab and a sticking plaster were clearly visible within. Just the sight of it made his heart rate speed up. Sherlock imagined if he pulled up his t-shirt you would see it, pounding madly in and out of his chest. It was a different feeling to when he was in bed with John, or something as simple as standing near him.
Ah, and here he is, right on cue. John Watson, deliciously dishevelled and out of breath, burst through the doorway and into the yard.
“Er, maybe just wait here? I’ll be back in a sec….clothes” he gestured apologetically at his near-naked body.
John chuckled.
The week after school started John and Dawn headed eagerly for the park, waiting by ‘their’ tree, a knarled old oak to the west of the duck pond. They waited for three solid hours, until well past four, even knowing his mum would be furious, because Sunday night was bingo night with Aunty Dot and she liked to get the tea on early so she could get ready before Antique’s Roadshow. At a quarter to five they gave up and went home.
Sherlock did nothing to cushion the blow.
“What does it look like genius? It was fucking awful, some little bastard pissed his pants and another one bit my hand.”
‘You should’, he smiled, ‘I much prefer a man who has experienced a little more of life’s bitter lessons and you have much yet to learn….but perhaps we might meet again someday and until then I shall drink to your continued happiness and good health, I bid you good-day young sir’.
“Is it that obvious?”
“Insolent brat!” she shrieked, with a noise that assaulted the ears, and she looked from my face to John’s who stood by me stomach shaking and lips pressed to supress the peal of laughter eager to burst out and narrowed her eyes, lips curled in a sneer of disgust, “You must be one of them!” she declared as if this on its own was supposed to make sense, but sure enough she clarified soon after. “An invert!...A damn filthy cock-sucker!…What’s up love? Aint never had a real woman show you how it’s done?”
“Late night, keeping your strength up…or a bit of both?”
“Are you awake?” Sherlock whispered hoarsely, and received only a muffled “Mmm” by way of a reply.
“Your results”, the doctor continued, either brave or stupid, John had yet to decide, “would suggest otherwise, the wound was not severe, no fracture, little trauma, largely superficial really, no real force behind it, but that I would think, depended largely on the item used to inflict the blow”.
“Tell me”, he said, a little more serious, “If you possess such skill, why did you never show it till now? to have mastery over the actions of others could have saved you from much of the misfortune you have suffered”.
Greg was in. He’d already banged on the door three times, complaining like the bitter, frigid old man that he was when the glass with his contacts in jumped clean off the sink-top after a particularly vicious well-timed thrust.
“You got balloons?” he asked.
“You have got to be joking” Sherlock backed away, shaking his head, but laughing despite himself a mixture of nerves and genuine amusement, “You can’t get two of us on the back of one…quite frankly…decrepit school broom”.
“Do you need something? Pain killers?” John asked, concerned. Sherlock was in obvious pain, more than he would let on, and he had a high tolerance anyway, as he did for most extremes of sensation, but that didn’t mean he should suffer needlessly.
“Well, I suppose I couldn’t, but it doesn’t matter now because there you were, all fake gun and attitude” he chuckled softly.
He ground his hips forward and moaned at the sparks of friction from two layers of denim, Sherlock arched his neck back, exposing that long stretch of white skin, just ripe for biting, as his eyes fluttered closed. He gave in to the urge to suck hungrily on that gorgeous neck, needing to mark him, a clear ‘fuck off’ to anyone thinking they might get their hands on what was his, thankful that the music drowned out the delicious little noises Sherlock made as he clung to John’s waist.
Sherlock refreshed the page he had been working on and clicked on the Home icon, hissing in surprise and delight at the sight of a bursting inbox. He scrolled through message after message, expression clouding at he quickly assessed and discarded them one by one. John had never seen anyone work so fast, if it was him it would take hours to go through close to a hundred messages. But this was Sherlock, and only he knew what he was looking for.
Well, it was a start anyway and this was never going to be an easy conversation, admitting to your best friend that you wanted to do all manner of disgusting things to him, and hoping to god that he quite fancied the idea of doing similar things back to you.
“By that I take it you mean, am I going to use right here, in front of you despite my promise to stop?....this is what I am John, this is what I’m capable of…but no, Mycroft did a sweep this afternoon so there isn’t anything left here even if I wanted to”.
“Go get the bowls out Harry, we can ‘ave some supper now”
‘She was like a feral cat that had been declawed’, he laughed, ‘of course she denied all at first the wily old hag, but then all changed with talk of the Justice…to see her cowed was a pleasure indeed’.
Whatever was to come I must fight my corner for I was not the one who had done wrong.
Victor glanced around nervously, listening intently for any lull in the conversation around them. There was none. He continued.
“Spill it Greg, what else”
John’s stomach clenched with anticipation. The answer appeared before him like a magic trick. Right before his eyes Sherlock began to transform, his posture becoming more slouchy and loose, sharp angles softened, the hard set of his features slackened, face open and relaxed, sharp laser eyes dulled becoming soft and unfocused. He loosened off his scarf and unbuttoned his coat, folding down the collar despite the cold, hands carelessly stuffed in the pockets, scuffing his feet along the ground as he walked. The whole effect was quite frankly fucking terrifying, John thought, as Sherlock completed the transformation by clamping a cigarette between his lips, cupping his hand to light up in the middle of the street.
John Watson frowned but calmly took the glass from his sister’s hand. He still had a half-finished pint on the bar while Harry’s glass stood next to it, empty.
“Glad to see you’ve given it so much thought”
The room plunged back into darkness as John switched off the torch and pocketed his phone again. He grabbed the rope just above the second knot and it strained against the thick oak balustrade pulling taught as he swung his legs up to follow. Working hand over hand, he hauled himself over the top and flopped, gasping for breath on his back at Sherlock’s feet. “Fuck,” he panted, “I think I just blew my arms out. And you didn’t even break a sweat. Jesus Christ, what
“What a beauty you are” she whispered low into my ear when brought to a halt once more, “What say you come someplace quiet and sit in my lap for a time?”
“All you need to say is yes”, he said smiling, “and it is yours”.
No blood, that was something at least, he dabbed carefully at the corners of his mouth…just what had come from his cheeks then, the insides raw and scraped. He needed to get home, now, shower and sleep, but get Mike to check him over first, he might very well be concussed, just mugged if Mike asked, got unlucky on the walk home…it wasn’t too far from the truth.
“Hey, you can have first turn if you like” John protested.
“Get pissed, then head to Powerhouse later, when it’s busy, I know people, used to hang out there a lot…Doug Miller owns it, does a hell of a lot more business than Frank Hudson’s place”
The bell rang and the corridor swiftly emptied out, so he pushed Sherlock into the nearest boy’s bathroom and pulled his bloody annoying chavvy hood down. The posh young boy in trousers and designer shirts had disappeared a long time ago.
“Erm, I was wondering…”
It had been a simple enough calculation in the end, what did Mycroft hate more at this moment in time? Four months ago it would have been drugs, but Mycroft would know they had met up by now as there was bound to be a tap on his phone, and after all, as he’d already said, Victor was a big boy and could look after himself.
John couldn’t help but snigger at Harry’s indignant face “He just forgets to filter sometimes….you know?” he followed her into the kitchen and began opening cupboard doors.
“Sherlock… did you mean it, back then…when you said you loved me? I mean, you weren’t just saying that so I would fuck you…forgive you for what you did…you know?”
(Because I wanted to Mycroft, because it made me happy).
John caught vague snatches as the door swung closed again, Sherlock seemed to have stopped hurling hospital equipment around but continued to shout at full volume, an impressive feat for someone, who half an hour ago lay motionless in bed.
Two slender hands snaked forward and clasped together around his stomach, and it felt…nice…safe. It was just like having Harry on the back he told himself, there was little difference in body weight, except for the bloody bony knees, digging somewhere in the region of his lower back.
It was more a question than an answer but John decided not to push it, the girl was embarrassed enough. Sherlock however, had no such qualms when it came to pushing the boundaries of socially acceptable behaviour.
This was the first real contact John had had with his brother since the infamous dinner party (he had it on good authority that Sebastian Wilkes now spoke with a permanent whistle down his left nostril) when John had assaulted a guest to defend his (non-existent) honour.
“Mycroft was an evil tyrant”
“Christ Sherlock, can’t you keep it in your jeans for five bloody minutes? Leave the kid alone for fuck's sake, he looks terrified".
“About what Victor? About you? No. I didn’t think it was worth mentioning to be honest, ancient history don’t you think?”
“No, no,
He laughed, and I felt that also, in the sweetest vibrations that ran along my back. “In the talent to tease you are unmatched”, he said, “and I cannot but help to imagine the things you may do with those violinists hands if you have the inclination, but alas”, he sighed and drew away, “we have an engagement that we must make ready for… the carriage will call at eight”.
Would you like it John Watson? I would show you I think.
So it was going to be one of those nights, interesting.
What seemed like a hundred pairs of eyes turned to stare as John pushed open the inner door and sauntered into the bar area. In reality it was maybe half full, most of the tables were occupied with people two- deep lining up to pay for drinks, mostly men, and most of them over forty, people of their age thin on the ground.
“Ah…John” he cried out, curling around John’s back as his warm liquid release pulsed into him And John was spilling his load all over the towel draped beneath his legs, tipped over the edge by the thought of Sherlock coming with his cock still in his arse.
“Sherlock…we can’t get any closer, not with what you’ve got stashed in your pocket, think about it, if anybody recognises you it’s sod’s law that they’ll do a stop and search…you know,
“I don’t want to kiss him Mycroft”
“Anywhere….really?” Sherlock smiled a little as he glanced around the circular room, taking in the four-poster beds with their scarlet drapes that backed against the ancient exposed stonework. He crossed to the long, thin window and leaned out over the sill, evidently impressed by the view of the great lake below. “No…by the window will do just fine…but thanks for the offer” he drawled as he sat on the edge of the bed and bounced a little, testing the spring of the mattress.
He really should take his coat off now, he was much too hot.
John cast around again. To be honest, it was little more than a shell, an outer structure, with a deep-grey Cornish slate roof to protect the interior from the elements. But inside…inside there was something undeniably special almost magical about the place, the large open space, the corners wreathed in a darkness too deep to penetrate and the way their voices came back to them in echoes. Sherlock moved out into the centre of the vast room putting even more space between them, steps made sure from memory and tipped his head back. John followed his line of sight, barely picking out the thick oak cross-beams above them. They were lost in too-deep shadow.
Sherlock, feeling thoroughly chastened, followed her down the stairs.
‘Shall we undress now Sherlock, before your wriggling has me at a disadvantage’, he smiled, ‘For I am willing if you would like to try?’
“You like that huh? Does it feel good yeah?”
“The hell I will” he hissed back. “You do realise” he called, walking carefully backwards as he spoke, “That while you’re here eyeing up the underage girls in tight clothes you darling wife is busy shagging your best mate”.
Sherlock hated himself a little more with every step he took towards his destination, rubber soles dragging along the ground, hands shoved down firmly into pockets, body tense with anticipation. He licked his lips, tongue and teeth drawing over the soft flesh, longing for the taste of John’s mouth on his again, sweet warm breath, blue eyes dark with want for him, Sherlock. It was unforgiveable, what he had just done, left him, standing on an unfamiliar street in South London, with not even a proper parting, while he conspired to deceive him yet again, pouring lie upon lie, until he couldn’t remember what John actually knew and what remained hidden.
“When you’ve quite finished mentally shagging me again, could you ask Greg something for me?” Sherlock drawled without looking up.
John sighed, it was pointless trying to explain the finer points of Sherlock’s personality to his mum, that he was quite happy in his own company, thought the majority of the human race were idiots anyway and had more energy than most people would be able to cope with on a daily basis. And well, as far as Mrs Jeffries daughter was concerned….. he just wasn’t interested in girls, at least John was pretty sure that was the case.
“On the contrary, it made me very happy” he bit back, unable to prevent the customary snarky comeback.
“Okay princess, taxi it is!” John laughed at the indignant look on his face as he processed the word ‘princess’.
“The business Sherlock, the business calls again, he said we would speak of it again come summertime, but he will not listen no matter how I put my case. I have not the head for the merchant trade, the family would be ruined if it were left to my care. I have argued and argued many times that a steward, someone with skill and experience would serve his interests best. That way the business would remain intact and secure for the heirs and I would be free to pursue my interests elsewhere. Stubborn old fool that he is, I thought after the last time he may have relented a little, but I cannot ignore it, we will be plagued until I hear him speak his piece”.
“I was reading a book behind the sofa in the study and you were there, with Miles, your friend and you kissed him…down there…on his cock”
Harriet Watson
“On my behalf Mycroft?” he asked, half distracted by the warm sweet tingle chasing the last of the cold from his body. Heat pooled in his stomach and he bit it down, digging fingernails into his palm.
“Sherlock? Where the fuck are you, you devious little shit?”
“Huh? Oh, yeah, what do you want me to ask?” he jolted out of his fantasy, and mentally gave himself a shake (have you no self-control anymore for fuck’s sake? – where Sherlock is concerned, apparently not)
“Mr Holmes and Mr Watson I presume”.
Mycroft walked into the room, although waddled might be more appropriate Sherlock thought as he stifled a laugh, taking in his brother’s corpulent frame with an air of undisguised glee. Mycroft had always fought against his more generous bodily proportions, but it seemed that in this reality, that battle had been well and truly lost.
“Then why did you just sneak in, why not knock?” he drawled, stretching his long slim legs out along the sill in front of him, eyes still shut.
Sherlock makes a decision that will alter the course of his destiny.
“What do you mean?”
Sherlock clenched his knees together, hard, bone moving against bone until it hurt.
“Well on that bombshell….. you can go first then ….” John pulled him out into the corridor, and pushed him into a cramped little room, away from eight pairs of accusing eyes. Sherlock staggered a little and banged his shin on precarious stack of old office chairs, then raised his head and looked slowly around, taking in his surroundings with a mild sense of panic in his gut.
John passed her a key and she trotted up the garden path to unlock their new front door. Not carrying her over the threshold then, Sherlock thought, with more than a hint of smug satisfaction. John followed close behind, arms laden with a variety of hideous soft furnishings in equally bland shades of boring magnolia and grey, not John’s taste (he loved blue) at all.
‘How did she see my part?’ I asked, curious as to whether Tom had indeed kept the truth of my flight to himself as he had promised.
Mummy smiled affectionately as she held out the phone and mouthed ‘I told you so’ Sherlock scowled and snatched it out of her hand, a little rudely, annoyed at being caught out (he would pay for that later) and retreated to a safe distance to sit on the bottom staircase, back resting against the spindles, feeling inexplicably nervous, thinking that the painful press of solid mahogany digging in to his vertebrae would help him ignore his rapidly beating heart.
He looked up at Sherlock, then over to John, twitching nervously in the doorway. He looked back and caught Sherlock’s eye again, nodding, “Send it”.
Sherlock raised his head from the mattress and tried to look down at John, squinting, cross-eyed.
“Er,” John stammered, feeling a bit of an idiot, “Is everything okay in here?”
He flipped himself over until he was sitting with his legs tucked beneath him on his knees, facing a pile of huge fluffy pillows at the top of the bed. God, what he wouldn’t give to take one home to mother, one of these would be so much better than the three flat old things she currently had.
- The Watson family home is based on Fenton House in Hampstead Village, North-West London an 18th century merchant's house.
No needles. He hated snorting now, despite the extended high, but Mycroft had purged each and every hiding place and it hadn’t seemed worth finding more, not when he and everyone else thought he had moved on. The hit might take longer so he could end up taking too much, preferring the almost clinical application of careful measurements, finding just the right level, dissolving white powder in liquid to maintain the illusion of control.
He leant down, hands braced either side of John’s head and kissed him deeply.
Oh fuck….I think I love him…
As if, Sherlock thought. The guy was big but slow and unfit, they could outrun him easily.
“As crystal Mycroft”
“Mmm…most definitely not…come here you fucking gorgeous thing”.
no intercourse…” Sherlock was sick of this particular accusation having heard it many times before.
(Maybe when this ‘game’ was over he could sneak John’s penis picture home,…it might provide some small comfort when he was gone… but of course he would have to laminate it first…. ).
Shit. Get yourself under control, John.
The effect was almost immediate, the dark cloud and heavy weight of depression and anguish swiftly obliterated, swept away, like sunlight chasing shadows across the earth, body thrumming with a new found energy and purpose as he chased another line, revelling in the sharp, eye-watering sting in his nasal passages and throat. His heart rate increased, there was a brief moment of agitation as his body adjusted to the chemical onslaught and he realised the enormity of what he had just done.
“We need to find a cab, move out of the area completely. Greg knows I’m awol so Mycroft will be looking too, besides I’m fucking freezing”
“I’m sorry Santa….I suppose I’m just a bad boy” Sherlock pouted, looking down at the floor and twisting his hands. He peeped up through long dark lashes and gave a cheeky smirk.
Jim trotted up to our side, “You’ll be going on alone now John?”
He sighed,( it was pointless carrying on when he had just read the same sentence five times and not a word of it had hit a single brain cell) and reached over for his mug of tea, currently cooling on his desk, and took a long satisfying slurp. Might as well start getting ready now.
I blushed, for in truth I had never in my life considered the slightest bit of beauty in my looks, or felt myself worthy to hear such words spoken now, as they were, in undeniable sincerity. I saw only a vast expanse of skin, pale as milk if you be kind, or a corpse if you are not, limbs too long and slender to be elegant and too much prominence of bone. Although as a saving grace I thought archly, my cock was long and slender also and not unattractive as such appendages go, and well, we must take our advantages where we find them should we not?
“Everything okay? You look a bit confused?”
Fuck. He was never going to escape from this self-imposed hell was he?
He took his hand off the handle, and knew he wouldn’t do any of those things tonight, because he didn’t want to. Otherwise why would he have gone off to hide in the kitchen alone? What he wanted was to stay, and see what happened here.
Just who is the mysterious new Gryffindor, Sherlock Holmes?, and why is he sneaking out of the castle in the dead of night?
“Who is she John? Quite pretty, I’ll give you that, ever the ladies’ man it seems…but does she realise you’d much prefer a mouthful of cock?”
“I? What more is there to say? I have not seen my brother these past seven years, all that I have is all the lawyers could document…”
But I must be fair to my sweet young partner for she danced tolerably well, though my eyes were constantly drawn away from her face to follow the flash of red and gold around the room. I danced long enough for politeness sake, giving her over to a dashing young man in the uniform of a soldier who caused her to blush and stammer, but she went willingly and with relief I retreated to the relative calm at the edge of the floor. I had let him go, and however I might berate myself any other action would have raised more eyebrows and turned more heads than we already had. And if I had observed the flash of victory in her eyes, that she had prised him away from me, I owned it must have been a mere trick of the light and tried to push the torturous thoughts away. And so I glowered at the happy young couple, noting with a scowl that my diligent instruction now served him well. If there ever was a time for him to step upon a foot, why could it not be now? Or a sprain perhaps, a twist of the ankle as their feet entangled, the small toe would not cause her harm if it were broken, just a modicum of pain to sit out the rest of the dance. The turn of my thoughts alarmed me, and resolved to think on it no more, so I left the room in search of more champagne to drown my heightened senses. I had barely gone three paces, halting and stuttering, hampered by the twirling couples when a soft, silky voice which set the hair at my neck on end, purred into my ear from behind.
Sherlock began to thrust, his cock sliding up and down John’s crack and dragging in the most teasing way right over the sensitive puckered skin of his hole.
“Of course I won’t…..and Greg darling, you might want to shut your mouth before you start catching flies…….Merry Christmas beautiful” she kissed John on the cheek and grabbed Greg’s arm “Come on you”
He grasped two bony hips to thrust himself up as best he could while Sherlock rode his cock, thighs flexing as he pumped up and down, John scrabbling for purchase with his boots as his velvet clad arse slipped and slid on the PVC- clad Santa’s throne. Sherlock’s long prick bobbed between them in counterpoint to every thrust as they grunted and panted and mercilessly fucked, plundering Sherlock’s arse like the precious treasure that it was.
“What’s the plan then?” John had to ask. There was no way this was just a merry little pub crawl, not when your drinking partner was Sherlock.
John reached the bottom of the street and turned towards town, Sherlock’s footprints almost completely obscured now. If he didn’t spot him soon, he would have absolutely zero idea as to which way he had gone. Over the road was a gentle slope of grass, now fully coated in six inches of snow, which led up to the park. There was a bench there where they usually sat in summertime, while Sherlock entertained him, deducing the private lives of all the passers-by. Like which of their neighbours were having affairs, or financial troubles just as if he had video camera evidence from their houses.
“I never…” Sherlock tried to stand, knees gone stiff and cramped from his awkward position on the floor.
John stared out of his bedroom window, the weather was awful today, wind howling like a banshee, lifting the tiles on the roof, and rain pissing down in fat heavy drops. “Not today girl” he said, absently stroking the top of Dawn’s head. It was just as well, because he didn’t actually enjoy the park if Sherlock wasn’t going to be there. He switched on his tv and settled back against the headboard of his bed with a can of Coke and half a bag of salted popcorn left over from the night before, determined to ignore the Maths assignment that was due in tomorrow.
He nodded, because he had no choice, the grown-ups were running the show now and he felt strangely obsolete, trying to look inconspicuous as Greg left him, jogging back the way they had come. He hovered by the barrier and tried to blend in with the rest of the party crowd while an official looking someone ushered out the remaining guests in dribs and drabs. Mrs Hudson was amongst them, looking smaller than ever in a heavy fake-fur coat. She caught his eye and waved at him madly, gesturing him over, so he pushed off the wall and trotted over to the other end of the taped off area one eye still watching for Greg to reappear.
“If I was in bloody uniform, I’d be taking that dickhead in”.
‘I am sir, or will be soon, my virtue gives me a value but when that has passed I will have to go with any man who wants me’
Oh hell, John was panting slightly now, eyes transfixed by Sherlock’s hand. He was sure the graphic mental image of him sitting at the back of the class, pants unzipped, lazily stroking his cock while the lesson went on around him, would be sending wild electric sparks of desire straight to his throbbing groin.
“Well, you sort of gave the impression you rather enjoyed that actually”
“What? What the hell are you talking about Holmes?” he stuttered.
Mummy was in the kitchen making sweet mince pies and gingerbread, two of Sherlock’s favourite Christmas treats, so he stayed close, hoping for a sneaky nibble when her back was turned.
“Oh my god, how did you know all that? I mean, you’re right, but….I don’t understand”
“There is something you might be able to help with though” Sherlock said, drawing her attention back again, “What’s the deal between Miller and Hudson?”
“And third place goes too….” Sally unpinned a picture and read the name scrawled in pencil on the back “Lestrade….well done sir”
And a second too late Sherlock realised what he’d just implied. John could see it in his face, the way his eyes widened and how his mouth snapped shut, and then he was moving fast, scooting away from John’s side, backing across the mattress to get some distance between the two of them. Because somehow during the course of their short conversation, casually sitting a respectable distance apart had changed to shuffling a little closer and leaning in a bit more on the pretext of hearing the other speak, without either being fully aware they were doing it.
Sherlock snorted loudly at his side, which he unconvincingly tried turning into a cough. He raised a questioning eyebrow at John and then turned away, bending to retrieve a Christmas gift.
“Now ask yourself Sherlock” John smiled casually, looking directly into his eyes “Would I do a thing like that?” he broke into a throaty laugh.
“Right, they got there…they’re checking Sherlock over as we speak, so are we done here…whatever the hell this is?”
“No John, no more, please, I get it. No, actually, I’m not sure I do, but listen, just make sure you know what you’re getting into, it just seems so sudden, all this, the gay thing…..”
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
John shook his head, snorting in disbelief, but he filled the glass and grabbed the toothpaste anyway before he padded back across the bedroom floor, carefully dodging last nights discarded clothes, vague grey shapes in the dim morning gloom.
“Calm down for fuck’s John”, he whispered hoarsely in his ear, “it’s family only in the ambulance so I’m going to drive you over to the hospital, no-one’s trying to shut you out…he’ll be fine, I’ve seen a lot worse every weekend at chucking-out time…..you’ll get to see him in a bit, okay?”.
“I know that look Sherlock, what the hell is going on?”
“Twice more. He taught me how to bugger a man without causing harm…and the time after that was the eve of his departure…he fucked me in Regent’s Park against an oak tree, I had scratches up my arms from the roughness of the bark…I believe he is a major now, I never saw him again after that”.
The damage was done.
” She grinned triumphantly at them both. “If it was up to me, every time you showed up at a scene, I’d slap you in cuffs”
Oh god. He was so glad that John wouldn’t be able to see his cheeks blazing crimson in the dark.
“Why…he just told a blatant lie, he hasn’t been good at all”
Sherlock wriggled on the floor, in front of the fire, trying to get comfortable again. His neck ached from reading a book while lying on his belly on a thick sheepskin rug, head resting on his propped elbow and legs crossed behind him at the ankles, waving back and forward in the air.
“Yeah okay”
“Leave it on, I like it….please”, so he slouched down in the seat a little and unzipped the pants to pull his erection out, heavy , dark and leaking at the tip, a day’s worth of pent-up sexual frustration, balls so hot and tight they felt like lead weights between his legs. Sherlock raised himself onto his knees, legs still spread and guided John’s hand behind him, coaxing his fingers down between his tight cleft.
“You are so going to pay for that later Sherlock” he whispered in a low voice.
“Looks worse than it feels, so you can stop blaming yourself, and if you’d been with me they only would have done the same to you and probably a damn site worse”, his deep blue eyes demanded that Sherlock look at him, naked and wet, water running down his face and body in rivulets. He knew what John was thinking, that if he had been there, he would have been subjected to much more than a physical attack.
Victor cleared his throat, he was clearly unsettled, perhaps thinking that Mycroft had had the room under visual surveillance.
“I could sit that dance out could I not? An opportune moment for a turn in the gardens perhaps, or to take some refreshment….or find an altogether different way to be entertained…”
“We?”, I asked, not sure if this was a slip, a mere figure of speech.
“Yes sir…I taught her myself, even though some people say girls don’t need to learn that stuff”
“No lad, steady on there…my apologies”, he answered softly, “I do not wish to give false hope, but there have been developments…of which you may help to decipher”.
“Fuck that… your mother was a genius for making you share…..but don’t pretend that you didn’t make plans to chuck me out”
Sherlock on the other hand looked completely at ease, like he did stuff like this all the time and it was all fine. Which is was.
“Oh yeah, I we know all about your amazing life, don’t we? Running around Gotham City with bloody Batman Holmes the noble hero”
I could of course have gone for the nipple instead, the left, and created a matching set, but the asymmetry it creates is oddly aesthetically pleasing.
When he opened his eyes again, Sherlock was lying on his back again, with one arm behind his head, twirling a thick dark lock of hair between his fingertips. But what stood out, quite a bit, was the sudden lack of t-shirt and the resulting abundance of smooth pale skin. His stomach was concave and John could count a few ribs too and the hip-bones, Christ, they jutted out from his skinny frame lifting the jeans away from his body to reveal a flash of white underwear and the curl of dense black pubic hair.
“And so what, she gave it to you?”
They dodged up and down a few more times giddy with their growing success, laughing together like they’d known each other for years. The boy, Sherlock he said his name was, had some sort of magical gift of knowing just who and when to make a hit, and soon his pockets were jingling with cash. And if anyone spared them more than a passing glance, they were just a young gentleman and his servant, enjoying each other’s company and having a lark.
“But then, why would you ride your bike to school on a Friday…you could hardly ride it home again drunk, and you wouldn’t want to leave it somewhere off premises with poor security overnight. You love your bike. It was a …gift? You would never take the risk it might be stolen or damaged.”
“No, no problem, he’s just a Grade- A cunt” Sherlock sighed, standing up to pull his boxer’s back on, wobbling a little as he tried to hook his foot through the other leg-hole “….shower?”
These Sunday afternoons were his favourite time, spending long lazy hours in the park, tossing sticks and playing fetch, when he could forget that they had no money to decorate his new room and that all his friends were sixty miles away living a life that John Watson was no longer a part of.
“Is he here yet? Are we at the right end because this is the longest fucking street I’ve ever seen in my life”.
Whatever Sherlock was to him now, he would always be that at least, as far as John was concerned.
He should leave. Now.
His heart sank as he read the expected reply, and turned around again as he reached the end of Baker Street, with a new destination in mind.
“You could be some sort of mad-man, Christ, you know people have been saying you killed someone”
He gave his thanks, and held out his hand for both of us in turn. He shook John’s first and when he came to shake mine he lingered and clasped his other hand on top.
“You misunderstand…I only wish to say how fine you look, how beautiful…I simply cannot countenance that others do not see what I do, mask or no”.
Irene gave an exasperated sigh “And you want to go in to Magical Law Enforcement? Seriously Greg, it’s written all over his face…. And neck…” she turned to John, “I take it the boy-wonder is still sleeping off the after effects?”
Sherlock had already been taller than John when he left, and since then had grown a least a couple of inches more, and Mummy said his voice was like a sonic boom too, ridiculously low for a sixteen year old boy.
“I’m not finished with you yet, faggot” he hissed as he pushed his way past Sherlock, his arm brushing (deliberately?) against Sherlock’s unclothed hip and thigh.
“Safety first.” Graham winked at them both.
“John…don’t..please…Its not….I’m not…..”
John growled in frustration as he pushed up from the bed and paced across to the bathroom door. Three days without a shower was disgusting, but he just hadn’t felt like it before, preferring to wallow in self- pity instead. But Mike was right, he couldn’t inflict this torture on his flatmates anymore, he had actually become a hazard to human health.
“Hmm yes, I know” Sherlock considering what the boy had said, “Accelerant then, deliberate?”
“He’s coming” Sherlock hissed, “even if he has to stand on the stage with me and play the fucking triangle”.
“A policeman who is fond of a drink or two, how unoriginal, pedestrian….how could I possibly have been the one standing between Lestrade and ruin? You’ll have to do better than that I’m afraid”
He swallowed all, I could feel it was so, and again and again it came most violently, such that I thought it would never be done and we would stay like this for all eternity. But these things must end, and so it did, and I trembled, although I know not why. John felt it, and crawling back to lay beside me he took me in his arms and covered our bodies once more beneath the warmth of the thick woollen blanket.
“Yes, just the one”.
“May I?” I asked carefully, and crawling to the end of the bed I plucked the letter from his hand. I read it over, swiftly, finding it much as he’d said. Lady Watson had fallen ill but a week ago, and had now succumbed to a fever. The physician had attended and declared there was nothing further to be done but wait, and in her delirium she had asked to have her grandson at her side at the last. There was a still a small chance, but her fate now rested in God’s hands. “Will you go then?”
“What do we do John?” his sister sat beside him and he brushed away a tear that ran down her face.
“I don’t mean to be thick” John interrupted “but what the fuck is going on? I’m guessing embarrassing photo’s but not the kind you would win two-hundred quid for on ‘You’ve Been Framed’?”
Everyone sat in a circle, about ten people in all. Sherlock realised he must have been out of it for longer than he thought if that many people had already gone, the room had been twice as full at least before he left. John started, in a clockwise direction which meant that Sherlock would be last, thank god, and really, everything started out innocent enough. John chose dare, because well, he was John Watson after all and Sherlock wouldn’t have expected anything less, but they were obviously going tame to begin with as Mike dared him to do three consecutive vodka shots. Easy.
The man glanced at us suspiciously. “Not your sort of place lads”, he said, in a thick South London accent.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t make this a contest to see who is the biggest slut Charlotte, I’m sure there’s plenty Anthea doesn’t know….yet” he hissed as he scraped back his chair on the polished oak floor.
Be careful what you wish for, John thought evilly, as he fucked forward roughly now, smirking as Sherlock’s arms gave way slightly with the force of his movement.
John stopped at the point his temper began to spiral again and bit his lip just a touch too hard. He pulled in a few deep breaths and silently willed himself to just shut the hell up.
Rugby John? The short blond hottie - that one?
“Such a shame though”, said Mary, and he scowled. What the hell gave her the right to pass judgement, Mrs Shotgun Wedding Watson? The biological clock must’ve been ticking away like a fucking metronome, and she probably poked holes in all the condoms. John had always insisted, safety first and all that. “Sorry…if you’re happier now…it doesn’t really matter about anybody else”, she looked away a little awkwardly.
“It was nice though….for what it’s worth”.
“Ahh…John…John…we need…a condom, please say you have one or I’ll die!”
He blinked, and two ghostly Sherlock’s, both with cute little crinkles across the bridge of their noses, blended back into one.
Belt off, mini Maglite clamped between lips to shed some light, swab the skin, tie round arm, wait for veins to pop. Twist off bottle cap, sink needle in, fill chamber with swirling liquid. Steel into flesh, watch chamber swirl fresh red blood, press back, push it all back into his body. The work of a minute, done, a plaster pressed to the puncture wound, the debris dropped through a gap in the brickwork, gone.
