“I could believe that,” Steve said after a long pause. “But Matt also didn’t want to get between them. Remember? If Peter tries to step back and Matt tries to step back…” The blond sighed, tilting his paddle at an angle. Slowly, the kayak turned, sweeping them along side a big rock that jutted up out the the water in tooth-like spikes. “I feel bad for Wade.”
Tony gave Cap a glance. That had kind of been what he'd meant by giving Peter some credit, but he had to admit, the situation didn't look great if Wade really was Deadpool. 'Awful things' was putting it lightly about what people said about Deadpool. Great, if Wade really was the boyfriend like they'd suspected...
Tony stirred the bubbling spaghetti sauce, mulling over Steve's words yet again with a frown. Even when specifically talking about the two of them, it was a struggle to get a direct answer out of Steve. He'd admitted he was avoiding Tony, but he also hadn't exactly confessed to feelings of his own. "The same thing" could just mean that it had occurred to him that Tony might be interested. Hell, maybe that was why Steve called off the plan he himself had suggested. Steve had, after all, said that he didn't want to fight with Tony.
"He took Captain America instead," the redhead explained, glancing at the blond in concern. "Did he say he was going to talk to me, too?" She definitely sounded worried about that possibility.
He looked at Steve curiously. He'd just almost said ‘queer’. Well, he WAS from the 1940s. Whenever Tony thought about that too much, he always realized his high-tech ways must seem like science-fiction to Steve.
"Well, yeah, but everybody knows who you guys are," Peter said glumly. "He's actually a huge fan of you, Cap, he wasn't just saying that. I think he has Captain America socks somewhere."
"What?" Loki growled. "You think stabbing me proves I'm a robot? Here, let me stab YOU!" He made a grab for the arrows in the other Clint's quiver, but he dodged of course. If only Loki could use a little magic…
"Do I have y-your word?" Steve stared at the glass dubiously, before sitting it on the nearby table.
“See? That’s what I said!” Wade said quickly, pointing at Cap excitedly. Pushing his way between Clint and Bruce, he stuck out a blood-stained hand toward Steve. “God, it’s awesome to meet you! I’m such a big fan, you’re on all my underwear—”
“You make the best s’mores, bugs,” Wade gushed, pulling Peter up onto his lap. “And I’d love to make you some, s’more or less, but I gotta go fight the cannibal mutants in the woods. SO.” Wade stood and plopped Peter back where they had been sitting. “Try not to make too much noise and see if I brought my molotovs, ‘kay?”
Deadpool followed, looking for anyone else along the street. It was the early morning hours now and there weren't very many people around, but the few that were out gawked and pointed at the two. The merc made rude hand gestures back at them as they went—even the people that didn't point.
“Let’s say…some kind of team building exercise?” Clint suggested. “We’ve got ten people here, plus Thor’s lady friend and YOU.” He pointed to Matt, who blinked at him sleepily.
Due to a record-breaking heatwave, this update is a day late—sorry about that! As always, comments and kudos make our day. ♥
“Sorry. Look, we don’t want Steve and Tony to think that they’re in any danger, or that we are. Maybe we should ask Thor to dial it back a bit?”
It was very strange NOT to wear a mask for a few days. Looking from face to face of all the people seated around the campfire, Cap felt strangely lonely.
In the meantime, the fact that Loki didn’t know Peter Parker was Spider-Man hadn’t even occurred to Peter. He’d just jumped down out of a tree, he’d thought that was a dead giveaway.
"Whoa, is that a tiki mask?" Peter was giving the tourist souvenir stand a weird look. "We're not in Polynesia..."
Clearing his throat uncomfortably, Steve plucked the spatula from Tony’s hand and stirred the spaghetti sauce zealously.
"I...don't know," Clint mumbled, quirking an eyebrow. "I never checked." He scooted a little closer, readjusting his arm to hold the vest over his head better. "You study that stuff all the time, don't you want to watch a show about something else? Like...I dunno, fishing?"
“Shouldn’t we be at least hearing the waterfall by now?” Peter asked Wade, pausing on the trail for a moment.
"They still think I'm a clone, so they're letting the evil me run around instead. What is Deadpool doing here? Or better question—how'd he get IN here?"
Distracted by this revelation, Bruce walked right into the back of Clint, not realizing he was walking faster than the blond.
Oh, Tony realized. Wade clearly recognized who Steve was, and probably everybody recognized Tony Stark's face on sight unless they lived under a rock. Maybe Peter thought Wade would be embarrassed to be going to a community college when talking to a billionaire. As if there weren't other way more worrisome things to judge this guy over...
He massaged his temple with the hand Wade wasn’t clinging to, sighing. Matt and Wade were extremely different people, but they usually got along well enough. For a whole bunch of past damage reasons, though, Wade had some major abandonment issues, and generally when he seemed jealous of Matt he was really just worried Peter might dump him.
"No, but I'll need a needle," PJ Clint continued. He looked up at Bruce. "Can I borrow one of yours"?
"One of them stabbed the other. With an arrow," Bruce said flatly. "An arrow that actually pierced skin after a needle wouldn't, by the way. I guess we did say we'd run some tests..."
“How do I work this thing?” He asked, angry with himself that he hadn’t wanted to hang out with Bruce when it was obvious how lonely the guy was. One of the times he got to see Bruce last, the man had told him how being in Hulk's head all the time was really hard.
Clint took note of the alcove, as it might work as a spot to bury that tackle box. It was out of the way and the sand was piled up, so he could just rake it around to cover any holes he dug.
“Yeah, last time I saw Doom, I was smiling and handing him an Arc reactor designed to blow up in his face. The guy’s probably pissed.” The cringe was audible in his voice.
Loki had dreamed of having all of Midgard’s attention on him and he had to wonder what would happen if he ever really kissed ANY of the Avengers publicly. Would the world be fascinated or repulsed? Either way, the internet would surely explode with articles about him. The world knew him to be a villain. His name was well-known, and while his past plans hadn’t worked out, the world still feared him.
“Tony, we agreed that we’d get to know him first,” Cap told him, though it sounded more like he was reminding himself. “Before we throw him in prison,” the First Avenger added darkly as he circled the kitchen counter.
"You are SO lame." Deadpool let go of him, sitting up. A beep sounded from the mercenary's belt, catching his limited attention span for a moment. He pulled out a tiny TV and poked at it.
Loki found himself talking, but he didn’t know what he was saying. For a moment, he felt distant from himself, like he was magically projecting himself somewhere far away. As it began to fade, he found his hands being secured against the bed by Hawkeye.
After combing the beach for an hour, Clint had dragged Bruce up the hill to get an ice cream sandwich from the mini mart. It was a billion degrees and sure enough, Clint’s back was threatening to burn if he didn’t take a break.
“So, he’s your sweetheart? He seems to like you enough to track you and come all the way here from Queens.”
“Tony just told me he likes me. I’m so sorry to ask, but I don’t know what to do and…I feel nauseous.”
The Clint in the pajamas came over to Thor, sitting his blanket down on the couch. "Hey. I'm going to the bathroom. Don't zap me." He patted Thor's arm and headed out of the room, leaving the other “Clint” on the couch.
More trees crackled in the distance. There was a heavy crashing sound. Tony did his best to ignore them.
It definitely caught Amora's attention, and she released Loki. The spiteful demigod gave her a swift kick to the back of the knees—knocking her clean off her feet. The Hulk could do the rest.
"If you insist." Grumbling under his breath, he hauled Loki off of the couch, almost toppling over from the Jotun's weight. "Hey, hey. Stay awake." He patted Loki's cheek.
"...He was AT the scene of the CRIME and did NOTHING to stop it! It is EVERY citizen's DUTY to call out villains like Spider-Man! EVERY single ONE!" The deafening voice shrieked from the television.
Lightning crashed and hissed outside like it was right over the mansion. Seconds later, thunder growled. The Hulk growled a little, too, looking up at the roof.
“Mission…Stoggers?” Peter asked, trying desperately not to sound strange. He still had to explain, maybe if Matt had all of the info… He did his very best not to consider Matt’s apology an actual rejection. Wade sure looked happy.
"I'm not sure donuts count nutrition-wise, but I do need to eat something," he admitted, feeling awkward. Clint seemed pretty chipper today, and that was really odd. Usually he was kind of smug and sarcastic.
"Who, Thor?" Peter glanced at the demigod, who was back to tossing the frisbee back and forth with Jan and Hank again. He turned back to Lola and shook his head, smiling. "Nah, I meant somebody else. Two somebodies, actually. Vacation is supposed to be fun, but they're being sort of mopey." He glanced at her bag. "Maybe I should tell them to relax and read a book. Hmm."
What was Tony going to say that hadn't already been said, anyway? Confess that he hadn't even thought of anybody else for a long time, that he thought maybe he loved Steve, even? That seemed to be what Steve was waiting for, for Tony to take all of the proverbial armor off and be the vulnerable one and confess first. Either that, or Steve didn't feel the same and wanted to avoid the subject.
Hank shuffled into the kitchen just then, looking the least gloomy Cap had seen him since they'd arrived. Now he just seemed preoccupied with something as he walked right past everybody and to the coffee pot, pouring a mug full.
“Uh, I can see that you know what you did was wrong, so there’s no need for…harsh words,” Cap bumbled through explaining, pretending to do some stretches.
"There's Thor, and the Fantastic Four—they're used to dealing with Doom. If hell freezes over and I've got no ice pick, your last resort is...SHIELD."
Steve stirred, lifting his head sleepily. He noticed Tony and got up off of the couch, swaying on his feet.
Glancing down at his trunks in alarm, Wade started laughing nervously as he stepped back, taking another step to put himself BEHIND Peter. He gave Spidey an apologetic look.
Bruce shrugged and revealed the two cards he held: a ten and a seven. The seven of hearts, actually. He handed them back to Clint.
“Wish I didn’t relate to that particular situation so much. Hero types like the Avengers have relationship problems like everybody else. In fact, half the point of this trip was to break the news about Cap and me to the group really gently, one person at a time.” Why was he telling this guy that part? It wasn’t like Matt seemed to care if Tony and Steve liked him, so he wasn’t likely to keep any secrets from Peter for them, either.
Bonfire, tequila, Tony. Hugging Cap? Had that happened? The memories after giving the captain a hug were really blurry. Clint could recall stars and the feeling of his head spinning.
“I’m certain that Clint has seen Bruce naked more than once, since he spends so much time with the Hulk. Not all of Bruce’s pants are spandex blends…” Glancing his way, Steve frowned a bit sadly, offering the spatula back and adding in a whisper, “Bruce knows what he’s doing. Both he and Hulk don’t want to hurt anyone.”
“Hey, how long do you think it’s been since breakfast?” Tony asked Steve, paddling up alongside him. He glanced at some movement and watched as Thor went rocketing past them both, out toward the center of the lake. Nonplussed, Tony looked back to Steve seriously. “It’s got to be at least an hour, maybe two.”
Peter raised his eyebrows at the door locking part, moving over to lay Wade carefully in the nearest hammock and then sit in front of the two Avengers.
Tony sighed and rubbed his forehead. He didn’t seem particularly surprised by the peck on the cheek, but not exactly pleased about it, either. Peter himself actually blushed, clearing his throat.
Of course Bruce would figure it out sooner or later. Clint cringed, slipping his shirt off over his head. He shook it out a bit before handing it over.
"Too tight and I'll choke," Peter threatened, keeping his eyes set on the rooftop. Just a few more stories...
Bruce looked up from the soggy ground to that intent stare, opened his mouth to speak, then shut it again. What could he possibly say, here? 'You're making my heart pound'? Because that wouldn't sound odd at all...
The frown on Cap’s face softened and he began to nod, fidgeting with the patties and condiments again.
"I'll get you some painkillers soon," Bruce assured Loki. He looked like he was spacing out a bit; Hawkeye stabbing the arrow into the table hadn't even phased him.
The moment the three of them got out of earshot of the Avengers, Matt and Wade had started to bicker.
Clint stared. Never once had he seen the Hulk willingly turn back into Bruce. His mouth hung open as he hurried over. He slid his vest off and offered it to his friend.
Glancing at Tony’s face as it was colored by his glowing reactor, Cap felt a lump trying to form in his throat.
Which he had yet to find. On the beach or in the cabin. Someone else MUST have moved it, and it hadn’t been tequila-Clint. Maybe Hulk would know?
"What if he's getting a Hulk blood sample in there or something?" Tony grumbled a little. "...Fine. Jarvis, keep an eye on them and tell me if Hawkeye or the Hulk do ANYTHING suspicious. Especially if it draws blood, okay?"
"Yeah, well it doesn't explain why Pepper ended up in the same kind of shape," Tony noted dubiously. He paused for a long moment, glancing over at Steve. "Doom didn't do anything ELSE to you while you were there, did he?"
Fleeing the kitchen wasn't exactly a proud choice, but it was the right one right now. He couldn't play unaffected by Steve in front of everybody until he took a minute to slap some armor back on. Figuratively.
"It's okay," Peter sighed, shoulders slumping in relief. "I know this's probably really awkward for you to talk about, so thanks for listening to me. Hey, what did you mean earlier when you said other Avengers are gay?" Hawkeye for sure, Peter thought. Like, one hundred percent bi, at the least.
"Hulk! Hey!" Clint ran after him, waving. "C'mon, do you have to smash the city every time? Tony pays for this!"
"I think that was his entire plan," the soldier said, bothered. "I j-just can't believe...Tony hasn't found us yet. Or even noticed t-that we’re missing?" He managed through a lot of coughing. Every time he tried to talk, it became more difficult. It felt like his windpipe was tightening up or something. "Doom must—" Cap suddenly glanced up at the spot Clint had pointed out as a camera, then cleared his throat. "Doom must be smarter than we thought."
Bruce looked at them, frowning in thought. He seemed like he was about to say something when Hawkeye's Avengers card did the job for him, blinking with Thor's image on the little screen.
“He’s right, I’ve gotta go. Clint’s fought some pretty freaky monsters and the one he saw seems dangerous to HIM, so we’ve got to warn Cap and Tony and the others. And I know your lunch break doesn’t last forever, so I’ll just text you later, okay?” He nodded even though nobody could see it in a phone conversation. “Yep, he’s very excited. Okay. Okay, bye!”
"It's just the morphine talking. Lay still, I'm going to take care of this injury so you don't bleed anymore, okay?"
Tucking the second big bag of sandwiches into the other car, Peter mentally checked off what else to do. They had returned the rental kayaks (apparently Tony had to pay to patch up the shark-bitten one, because the rental place believed he and Cap just broke it), they’d packed up clothes and belongings, and Peter had made the whole team sandwiches. Most important of all, Cap and Tony were actually getting along, better than Peter had seen them get along in months. So well, in fact, that Peter had hope they weren’t still pretending to be in the friend zone.
“Wouldn’t that just charge up your Arc reactor super high?” Peter raised an eyebrow. Tony blinked at him, then glanced down at his own chest.
"...Wow. It's like super tear gas to match your super soldier serum. You called it," he remarked to Steve, vaguely impressed. "It also kind of looks like he made it specially for you."
"Uh...wow, that's not good," Peter said, sitting up into a crouched position, still sideways on the wall. Good thing he had no qualms about heights—the sidewalk was 'dead ahead' right now, straight down the wall.
Snatching the gauze from Peter, Clint quickly wrapped his arm. They’d be back at camp in an hour, according to Deadpool, so it didn’t have to be perfect.
Bruce hurried after the two blondes. Moving up alongside them, he reached and patted Loki's shoulder, then Hawkeye's.
Steve shook his hand, worried that he’d be rude not to. As soon as Matt retrieved his hand, he continued.
"Oh you know." Johnny leaned back in the air like he was relaxing on a lounge chair. "Savin' hot babes from traffic jams and stuff. You?"
"Mr...Deadpool, is it?" She ventured. Jameson was always going on about Spider-Man teaming up with this guy. Spider-Man was a decent person from what she knew, so in theory, so was Deadpool...
“It’s just for the week,” Cap corrected quickly as they reached the cabin door. The blond man stopped, glancing at the door and lowering his voice. “Tony’s alright, but I think he has dating trouble of his own.”
“She is whatever she pleases,” Thor said happily, scooping Loki into his arms. “Knock again if you have further need of us!” Without giving them much choice in the matter, he turned and headed off down the hallway toward their room again, Loki’s dark curls trailing over his arm nearly down to the floor.
“If Tony wanted a relationship with me, he would have let me know by now. He’s not the type to take his time or beat around the bush. And don’t think I won’t ask Wade about his job later,” he added rather ominously, taking another meat patty off the grill. “You have a job and support yourself, so it’s only fair that he does as well.”
"Y-you mean he didn't already torture you...?" Pepper looked at him scuffed up wearing only his pants dubiously.
Bruce just sat back on the couch and listened to them bicker, looking at the bloodied gauze in his hands.
“Start a fight? Come now, Captain. I’m here to camp, same as you,” Loki explained, embellishing the explanation with grand arm gestures. “You’re not the only ones allowed at this lake—”
“Ooh, ooh!” Wade vibrated with excitement, racing back to snatch the book out of Clint’s hands. He darted over, bowed and offered it to Loki. “Your book sucks. She totally leaves Wentworth.”
The last thought that went through Bruce's head before the "other guy" took over was that the sandwich shop had better not end up getting smashed after all of this.
Thunder made the sky rumble again, and very soft pattering sounded around them. Clint felt a cold touch here or there—raindrops beginning to fall.
"You ever think that maybe we could work on that?" Loki asked, adding a dash of hope in his voice. "Meditation or something. I mean, I'm really lousy at it, but I'd try. For you." Maybe they could meditate near a nuclear reactor.
“I know that I’m not the man to say this, Tony,” Cap sighed, giving up on fixing his hair. “But who are we to tell them who they can be with? I thought homosexuals were normal in this day and age. We were fighting aliens a week ago. I feel like that—”
Cap frowned, saying softly, "Not s-since two days ago. Might b-blame Hawkeye. Pancakes…were t-terrible." It was a toss up if the pain on his face was from thinking back on the pancakes or the gas damaging his lungs.
He couldn’t sleep. It was odd to sleep like a normal person again and trying to get any rest with Tony on his mind was very difficult.
"Look." He sighed, sitting up and staring Bruce down. "I don't know about you, but I'm hungry, tired and really cold. I won't try anything. I don't want the other guy around right now. I want to hang out with you." He waved a hand at Bruce tiredly and laid back down. "Besides, Tony's rich, he’ll fix whatever the Hulk smashes."
"I dunno. Check these cabinets or...ask Jarvis or something," Hawkeye said, looking around. Loki yanked on his straps, alarmed when they didn’t give.
"Soon we will sort this all out," Thor assured them. "Fighting only causes your comrades grief—think of the others and be civil."
He paused and peeked back over his shoulder, but luckily it didn't seem anybody else had heard him talking about sleeping upside-down on the ceiling. "Maybe we should go back inside to talk about this," he suggested to Cap.
Peter felt a little tingle up his spine. Now was that the Spidey Sense or just old-fashioned being creeped out?
"Huh?" Bruce was taken aback by that reply. "Robot? Oh. No, no—l-listen, I have no doubt that I'm talking to the real Clint. That didn't even cross my mind..." He shrugged halfheartedly. "I was worried about the other guy...maybe smashing your bed up, too. You know?"
But after almost a minute, the room remained dark. There was some rustling in the dark and then a glowing light as one of Hawkeye's arrowheads lit up.
"Cap's poisoned?" Peter leaned into the view of the card, too. Undoubtedly he, Johnny and Carol looked like some three-headed monstrosity on Tony's side of the view. "Doom poisoned him?"
Pulling his clubs out from under the couch, Matt clicked them back into one long walking stick and stood, flashing a smile at Peter.
The Hulk came over and stood there with his arms crossed, watching intently like Loki might try to skip an important step. Bruce was probably explaining what those steps were inside the creature’s head.
“Buh…” The other man said, staring at him through wide blue eyes. “Freelance! I do a lot of odd jobs. You know, help people…do stuff.”
“Lead the way to the shortcut, Wade,” Peter said, slapping the taller man on the back with a smile. He had his phone in his other hand. “I’ll try calling Tony again since we have reception right now.” Glancing back at Clint, his smile turned to a look of concern. “Annnd I think I’d better check on Hawkeye’s stitches, too.”
"And the walls are very sturdy." Steve sighed, as well, which quickly turned into a cough. He felt trapped. No shield. No super strength. No air.
The door popped open, and only after glancing inside did Tony fold the mask of his suit up and look at them both suspiciously.
If any of the three had heard him, none of them acknowledged it. All three were mesmerized by a scene of the three babies devouring a policeman on screen when Clint and Bruce left.
"Uh. Okay." Without further comment, he turned and poked at the shop door. "Man, I'm really hungry."
When Clint didn’t respond, Bruce took a moment to steady himself, listening to the thumping of his heart in his ears. Hulking out…would be very bad. Breathing deeply and reminding himself that Clint had probably fallen asleep with mouthfuls of food before, he shook Clint’s shoulder.
He had a very fatherly tone—like he was scolding a child. Hawkeye actually shrank back a little, and Loki wanted to laugh so badly.
“I’d be having a better time if I didn’t feel like I was stranded on a remote island without anything to defend myself with. What the hell? Bows are low tech!” The blond man grumbled and swigged from his cup, watching Peter’s back as he retreated down the beach.
Peter watched her go, trying really hard not to notice how tiny that bikini was from every angle. He cleared his throat and headed around the frisbee group toward the bonfire. Tony was there with Clint, and he could see Bruce returning to the fire from down the beach, Cap trailing far after him with a pensive look on his face. Seriously, vacation didn't look like much fun to either of the Avengers' co-leaders.
Figuring Tony could handle that for the moment, Steve rolled onto his side and went to sleep. He'd just take a quick nap and then...
Without any other comment, Steve turned and disappeared down the hallway. Clint quickly shut the door behind him and turned to Bruce.
A burning office building was shown on screen, with Captain America charging inside. Next it cut to a shot of Cap and Hawkeye climbing into a yellow taxi. The woman reporting spoke in that usual reporter tone, over emphasizing everything.
Feeling almost misty eyed at the swirling thoughts of his would-be son, Cap rose from setting up the tent and circled it to find Tony. His fiance had been unhappy at how small the campsite was, especially since it put their tent only about two meters away from Thor’s.
“Nobody planned for Cap and Tony to be here this weekend,” Peter pointed out again, patting Wade’s back gingerly. “All we can do is decide the best way to to handle it together—the three of us. At least I get to camp with you guys at our own camp, right?”
They stepped through some large wooden double doors and emerged into what appeared to be a very large, elaborate living room. There was a dining table and chairs on one side with a chandelier, a rather large piano tucked into one corner, cushioned chairs along the walls, and several impressive floor-to-ceiling windows with heavy green drapes around them.
"Finally!" Loki groaned. Hopefully not loud enough for the Hulk to hear. Carefully closing up the medical bag, he peeked out into the hall. A big green hand closed over his shoulders and pulled him out the door.
"It's a good start," Tony told him pleasantly. Apparently Deadpool had a thing for Spider-Man, so he must have figured he'd use it to his advantage since the crazy guy somehow thought of HIM as Peter's "dad".
Huh, he thought sleepily, leaning to look around Wade, who had somehow switched to talking about Doctor Doom. Was Peter on the phone? How long had he been on the phone?
“If you’re here, where’s Peter? He was supposed to make sure that Thor didn’t wash Cap and Tony out to sea!”
Loki watched him go, lingering by the gate. The billionaire was home and the only other Avengers in the mansion were Thor and Captain America. If Loki was quick enough, he could have an image of Tony come outside. Stepping up to rest his hands on the gate, Loki whispered the spell to himself.
“But isn’t she really, uh, a he?” Peter asked, now feeling just plain sheepish. Thor seemed to think this whole thing was a great joke. Whether Loki was male or female didn’t seem to matter to him, either. Was looking like a lady part of the facade, or…
“We’re not entirely sure,” Clint sighed, glancing at Bruce. The guy looked like a bed-headed mess. Cute. Refocusing, Clint waved a hand at Peter. “We can’t leave them like THIS. They’re worse than when we got here and that had been going on for DAYS.”
For a moment, Daredevil looked at him. It wasn’t exactly AT Cap, but in his general direction like he was studying him.
Watching Thor head out the door into the rain with an arm already raised to catch his hammer, Peter turned back to Lola sheepishly.
Tony was listening to all of this with a thoughtful squint. Bringing a hand up to his mouth, he turned to Steve.
“Hey Peter,” Cap called to him, slowing the kayak’s arrival with a paddle. They came in fast enough that Tony bounced in his seat. Cap stepped out into the water, pushing the boat up a bit. “Sorry we took so long.”
"Yeah, some kind of poison gas," Tony said distractedly, snatching the handkerchief from Steve's hand. "Where'd you get this?"
He sighed and closed his eyes, thinking back on the day. Swimming around with Bruce, drinking with Tony. Checking out that Amazonian babe who insisted on playing frisbee with Thor. She had nailed Thor in the face so many times, the demigod must have been distracted by all the jiggle.
The archer waited for a response, bright blue eyes focused sharply on Bruce's every move. His hair was dripping again now that they weren't under cover, and it was hard not to take notice of how his shirt clung to his muscular arms.
“Matt’s not leaving,” Peter told Wade, sighing a little as well. “I need both of you guys with me when we sit them down for the big talk tomorrow morning. After all of this is over, I promise we’ll have a do-over of our weekend alone, okay? This one’s full of Avengers.” He stepped over to the fallen tree and webbed his way into the branches above it, shooting strands onto the sides and pulling to make it roll. The tent underneath was indeed crushed to bits of plastic, bent metal, and torn canvas. What did the Hulk have against their camp in particular?
“That poor bear,” the brunette said, breaking into a small smile. “It just burst out of the bushes and startled me. It’s nice of Cap to care if I get hurt, but honestly, it didn’t even touch me. The Hulk scared it off on sight.”
Clint had figured Cap and Tony out, along with Peter and his crazy boyfriend troubles. But Thor was the most macho man he knew. He liked drinking, brawling and partying. Through all that, Clint was sure that Thor dated some medic lady for awhile, too.
“What’re you doing?” Matt sighed, untangling himself from the loud blond. “Then maybe we should just leave them alone? For all we know, they worked it out.”
“Remarkable,” Cap commented without a hint of actually being impressed. He was busy scrutinizing the map, tracing a finger over the little spots Peter had mentioned. Tucking the map under his arm, Cap pointed to the flags. “Are we making teams by color or did you have something else in mind?”
He was pretty sure Thor could just make it stormy when it wasn't before, not change the weather to whatever he wanted. It was nicer to imagine a quick fix to the situation than to accept the truth, though—he and Cap were stranded on this sandbar until things calmed down.
“I found a good spot yesterday,” Steve told Peter, smiling. “I just need to gather up some shells and glass before I start working on a design.” Feeling awkward for asking, Cap added to Tony, “I could use some help with that, too. I’d hate for it to turn out looking like Doom’s place.”
Casting a scowl out at the choppy water, Steve hurriedly slid his short sleeved button up off and wadded it into a ball.
“Oh yeah there is!” Hawkeye said, nocking a fluorescent arrow and pointing it at Loki’s chest. “I’ll bet you put it there!”
"I'm fine," Loki scoffed, putting a hand to his side. He lifted it slowly back up, blanching at the large amount of blood smeared across his palm.
"Sooo, he's your sweetheart?" Tony prodded. Peter had been really hoping they would accept him rambling his way around that question.
If it had been the Hulk's head sticking through the door, he would have seen Loki sprinting off down the hallway, stumbling and leaning against the wall like the finale from a Midgardian horror movie.
Suddenly concerned that was going to happen to him, Clint tried to just coat his friend’s back and NOT waste time examining the kissable freckles.
Oh great. Deadpool was here, Cap thought to himself. They had enough trouble today. Where was Spider-Man when they needed him?
"What--break the fact you two are dating to Cap?" Tony started to shake his head, then paused, thinking it over. It was a pretty handy excuse to talk to Cap and discuss guys dating. Clear the air and all that.
"Stark. Who are you to criticize our intimacy while you yourself hang off of your fellow teammate? Are YOU under a 'god of mischief' type spell?" Loki had been on earth a lot it seemed, because he knew how to use air quotes now.
“Well, we should probably tell Bruce too,” Steve whispered down to Tony. “That would just leave Clint.”
"You won't get away with this!" He yelled at them. Thor would help him...no wait. He wasn't actually Hawkeye. Suddenly pausing in his struggling to look around, Loki blinked as his thoughts cleared.
Wade hugged tightly, glaring back over their shoulders in Matt’s direction. Very pointedly, he kissed Peter’s forehead.
"I'm...okay," the man managed, coughing himself. "But I'm stuck. I-it was just a parcel...damn thing blew up." The explosion appeared to have come from this room—the walls were blackened, and the man was half-buried under his own desk. There were papers everywhere, licked in flames.
“He doesn’t look young enough for high school,” Tony remarked with absolutely no regard for whether Matt thought that was rude or not. To Matt, he added, “Peter seems to be pals with a lot of people who aren’t teenagers like he is.”
More importantly, what the hell was he doing inside RIGHT after saying he wanted to stay outside? If Clint had actually tried moving the tackle box, he would've been caught red-handed!
“Whoa! This is so awesome!” Jan gasped, sweeping into the door with a big grin. “Tony, Tony! Can I have the other key?” The Wasp stuck a hand out to him, big blue eyes blinking sweetly.
"Yeah, I..." He tried to think back on which part of the conversation Cap was referring to, but kept coming back to their root beer-fueled bickering instead. Wearily, Tony admitted, "I have no idea. Whatever they are to each other, they seem happy and so far Wade doesn't seem like a creep, so..." He shrugged halfheartedly. "Unless he turns out to be a super villain or a SHIELD agent, I guess we should just encourage Peter. Y'know, to be HONEST and just TALK to the guy, all mature-like."
“I could steal a beach towel or something,” he offered, gesturing down the beach. Were they near the cabins?
“A lot too much!” Peter said incredulously. It wasn’t like he could blame Thor for the weather if it had gotten this stormy on its own, but since making it storm had been his part of the plan, he should have at least mentioned to somebody that he wasn’t in control of all this. Shouldn’t he have?
Bruce's brows furrowed as he took in how Clint looked. Like he'd been run over by a truck and dunked in tequila, based on how Clint felt right now.
Steve walked in silence for a minute, staring off ahead of them as that comment processed. Tony liked him?
"You're nuts," Peter grumbled, climbing onto the roof of the building Wade was webbed to and hauling him up by web-strings as well. He did have to reach and grab the man's wrists to pull him over the edge at the end—the angle was just bad for something like web.
"Wo-ah, Cap. No you're not." Hawkeye stepped in, placing both hands on Steve's chest. "You can barely breathe. Besides, Tony would tell us if he got into trouble. He's smart like that."
"Thanks, but I'd better stick to just coffee for now. Ugh. I don't remember going to bed, it's a big blur." He waved a hand to illustrate the idea, sipping the coffee with a small sigh. "Something about mermaids and...piggyback rides? That can't be right."
"It’s on all the channels. Captain America and Hawkeye were both captured yesterday after helping with a bombing across the street from Stark Tower. We've been trying to track them, but the signal is completely blocked." She paced over to eye Clint. "Sorry. You can't be him."
Loki smiled as warmly as possible, moving up to the gate. If he asked to talk to Tony, the man would probably just point him to his assistant and leave, so something else.
"I'll keep an eye out. You keep Tony alive." He went back out the basement door, closing it behind him as quickly as he could. They were sure to follow, but maybe he had enough time to teleport. He mumbled the spell as fast as he could, slurring through the ancient words like he had been drinking.
“You must have missed the sign,” Cap said nicely, gesturing back down the trail. “This is the C loop.”
“That’d suck,” he told Bruce as he started on the backs of the other man’s arms. “Cap’s a better catch than Tony could dream of.”
Bruce seemed pretty comfortable with Clint hugging him, or holding his hand, or...well, Bruce being naked around Clint that morning, but that was probably a side effect of waking up after Hulking out so many times that it was kind of normal now. Still, it was tough to tell if the scientist liked Clint when nothing they were doing ever seemed to get his heart rate up. Having color-changing eyes was supposed to be a pretty handy way to check.
“Put them all on here,” Cap said in passing, dropping a cookie sheet on the counter in front of Peter. “Tony?
Dropping it at his feet, he slumped back and watched the chaos. Despite being soaked and hungry, Clint felt a bit sleepy. All the hiking and swimming must have burned up the last bit of energy he had.
Bruce handed him the glass and nodded. Swigging it like a shot of scotch, Cap sat the empty glass back down.
Aside from gritting his teeth, Loki didn't allow himself to react. He looked back up at Bruce again and forced a smile, feeling sweat forming on his forehead.
“Yes, he’s Daredevil. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised the Avengers know that… And Wade knows about us,” he said, frowning. Pulling out a fresh roll of gauze, he took hold of Clint’s arm and started to wrap the stitches carefully again. “Matt knows about Wade, too. It’s a…” He shrugged. “A group kind of thing.”
"Let me out of here!" The pajama one growled, slamming a hand on the cell wall. Ms. Marvel moved closer, on guard in case she had to stop a rogue Clint from escaping.
“Fishing, I guess?” Tony offered. Thor really hadn’t sounded like fishing was what he was planning, but Clint seemed convinced that was all Bruce would want to do. Tony was sort of expecting to hear the Hulk roaring from the lake shore any moment now. Maybe Thor wanted to spar with him, and had some plan to startle Bruce into transforming. Tony honestly had never seen the big blond that excited to go off with Bruce alone, and it still struck him as just plain odd.
Bruce blinked, then looked off into the woods. Clint thought maybe mentioning bears made him worry about them coming back, but after a minute he realized Bruce was shaking his head.
Perched on top of the SUV was a crouched man, all in red with tiny horns on his temples and a set of white clubs in his hands. Daredevil. How had Steve NOT known who he was?
“You don’t remember? Anything?” He pressed, frowning. “You know…the boyfriend thing?” He whispered as quietly as he could.
As for Tony, well, the man was a notorious playboy. While he liked to tease and flirt with everyone, Cap had noticed that Tony was more interested in his inventions than in relationships. If Tony was interested in any woman, it should be Pepper Potts, in Cap’s opinion. Tony would have been dead or poor a hundred times over if it wasn’t for that woman.
Tony looked after the two and sighed. At least Clint’s grumbling was predictable and consistent. Who knew how Bruce would react to him and Steve getting engaged? After they told Bruce, they had to get him to transform so they could break the news to the Hulk individually, too. That was the plan, tell each person one by one, and it seemed unfair to consider Bruce and the Hulk the same person when they clearly were not.
And why was the Hulk so NOT? He hung out with the huge green guy all the time, even though the world at large was terrified of him. Maybe it was just a matter of who Clint knew better, though. He didn't feel like he DIDN'T know Bruce, though...
"Uh huh." Clint hummed, tugging at his restraints, trying to scoot further away. "Keep your hands where I can see them."
"Okay, wrong trunk sounded funnier in my head," he admitted with a nervous laugh. Reaching into the trunk, he pulled out a familiar green tackle box--Bruce's fishing box that they had forgotten. "So, I got to the mansion right when everybody was pulling out of there in actual CARS--like, normal, non-flying, non-armored, no Avengers branding..."
"We're not chasing him, remember...?" Bruce was much lighter than Loki, and got pulled along despite his reply.
"Whoa!" Tony ducked and caught him just before he hit the floor. "Steve?" He turned the blond's face to look at him, and for the moment didn't have any snappy jokes to ad lib. Steve didn't look that ill, but maybe the poison wasn't the problem. He was extra glad he'd rigged the Arc reactor to detonate like a bomb now, even if Doom would probably take it as announcing war on his country or something like that.
“Sure, whatever,” Hawkeye grouched, spinning on his heel and storming out of the room. The Hulk followed after him, shaking his head.
"Oh, wow. You think that’s my girlfriend?" He asked like that might be a pretty huge compliment, even though it was also wrong. Lola was way out of the league of some skinny teenage dude. "Uh, actually, it's a boyfriend that I have." He looked up at Cap to check for any reaction to that. Peter knew Cap pretty well by now, and if there was one thing he was not, it was as narrow-minded as people assumed. They'd never directly talked about things like this, though.
The waffle was a bit crunchy, but it was alright. Cap stacked it on top of the other, smashing the fruit in the middle like a sandwich.
"Woah, hey. I'm me." Clint jerked a thumb at his chest. "This wasn't my—" He cut himself off, frowning. "Okay, it was my fault—but it's not like I did it on purpose!"
There was a small kitchen to the left of the door and a living room to the right. The kitchen had boldly striped blue and white curtains and dishtowels which matched the couch and love seat set in the living room.
"Well, uh, it's no big deal. Forget I even asked," he said sheepishly. "How is Tony, anyway? I'm amazed he agreed to leave his tech behind for weeks!" Well, he assumed weeks.
“Fear not, we will find him,” Thor reassured them all, raising his hand for Mjolnir. “Banner, perhaps you should put on warmer clothing before venturing out again.”
Clint chuckled to himself, imagining Loki trying to get the jump on the Hulk. It’s probably be the last thing he did. Pushing on the first aid kit, he frowned as he realized that he wasn’t on top of his big green buddy anymore. He was on the rock itself.
"Cap, Matt and Wade have to leave," Peter explained quietly. He hesitated, turning to Matt. "I mean, they don't HAVE to, but Matt thinks they should. I-I know you're trying to help him, Matt, it's just--I-I was really hoping..." Trailing off, he shook his head. "Never mind. You don't care anyway." Turning, he started to trudge back toward the cabin.
"I know this ice cream shop across town—it's always open and has lots of rainbow sherbet!" Deadpool grinned as he sat up and stared down at Peter, perched on his lap.
“I want YOU,” Clint snapped, grabbing Deadpool by the shoulders and shoving him away, “to stay at least six feet away from me! And stop talking! Nobody’s listening!”
"Well, I have no idea where we're going," Bruce said reasonably, still trying to keep his hair from dripping water into his eyes. It was an uphill battle, and he was rolling backwards.
"Yeah, but this roof's pretty wet, and it's cold," he said, hoping to hint that he needed to go home and get warm in bed.
"See, you can leave me alone for a few hours without the world ending," Bruce said, glancing at him as they slowly made their way down the mansion’s first floor hallway. He still had his hands shoved in his pockets, and looked almost thoughtful if one ignored the bags under his eyes.
"It's really not that bad, buddy." He slid off the sofa, trying to head for the door. "I'll go to my room and stop moving, then it won't bleed anymore."
Bruce wasn't sure how to reply to that kind of bluntness. WHY Clint was even interested in him was something that was just beyond his tired mind right now, and he decided it was better not to try to figure it out. Maybe tomorrow when they were both rested, they would laugh and think this whole night had been some kind of delirium or something.
"Has anybody seen Thor or Jan today?" Tony just about spat out his coffee at the seemingly innocent question, and started coughing into his hand. He must have inhaled a drop or two.
"That's just sad! It's not like it's hard," Clint laughed, nudging Bruce's shoulder. "Okay, next time we go on one of your fishing trips—I'll catch you a fish." Clint seemed surprisingly awake for so early in the morning.
Peter tilted his head. He DID get it...he was more surprised that he actually found it kind of funny than anything.
“Thanks,” Matt told him nicely. “And don’t worry. Your secret’s safe with me. I’m just here to see Peter and Wade.”
One thumbs-up sign later, Tony was across the room mixing some sort of concoction at the mini bar. The captain followed after him slowly. When the resident billionaire stepped back over, he offered Steve a big glass of scotch.
"Oh please. I know wishful thinking when I hear it." Loki said drolly, glancing at Thor. “But, if you like, I know a bit of magic...” Loki trailed off, giving Tony a wink.
"Are you sure your injury doesn't need to be looked at again? You're wincing," the scientist said, stepping over closer to him again.
“Roger…Barton,” Loki lied, losing his steam. It was a game of his to see how poorly he could lie and still slip by the Avengers' notice. It was typically a lot easier when food was involved.
He turned to Cap, adding, "And I need some blood samples from you. Clint looks a little beaten-up—if you have any other injuries besides the poison, you should let us know."
The bedroom he chose on the right looked exactly like it had in the photos--a nautical-themed room with driftwood wall decor, round porthole-style windows, and a hammock in two of the four corners set at an angle. Tony moved over to the nearest wall and sat the suitcases there to lean against it, sighing in relief.
"Y-you wish I was," Tony said, a hand still pressed over the reactor on his chest. He was panting for breath now, though, and looked rather pale. For that matter, the reactor looked rather...dim.  "Heh. H-he's old-fashioned, y'know—thinks marriage is forever and all that."
"WATCH fishing? I would fall asleep." Bruce was almost comically opposed to the idea. "That takes away what I like about fishing, too."
“Oh thank God,” he said, “It’s a way out of the cave. I’ll check it out, wait here.” Again without waiting for a reply, he set off down the tunnel. Wow, it just got steeper and steeper. Good thing he could stick to walls, or it would basically be a water slide in a few more feet…
Clint stared up at him, wet hair blowing back as he thought to use the light from the strike to look for Bruce. He turned away, looking off into the woods.
“Cannibal—what?” Peter hopped to his feet, too, looking at the trail that led in a windy path downhill to the lake. There were some pretty huge old trees along the path, and he couldn’t actually see the water from here. Peter frowned and squinted that way. It was getting pretty dim out already. “I don’t think there’s any danger down there, Wade. My Spidey Sense would be giving me something,” he pointed out dubiously. “It’s probably just other campers. You don’t actually have molotovs with you, do you?”
He gave Peter a pat on the shoulder and gestured for Bruce to lead the way out onto the beach. What kind of advice would Bruce need from HIM?
"What? Oh, it was fine. Fun," he added hopelessly late, trying to salvage a positive tone and failing. "Excuse me, Cap." He picked up his coffee mug and retreated back out of the kitchen as quickly as he'd arrived.
“Jeez, Cap,” Tony rolled his eyes, cringing at him. “You sound so old and…ugh. Don’t say homosexual. It’s so...clinical.”
With the shop blocked and Clint standing close by again, Bruce had no choice except to look at him. He shrugged his shoulders, too tired to really formulate much more excuses at the moment.
"Tony can't buy another YOU," he sighed, reluctantly climbing under the blankets despite his better judgment. He hugged one side of the blankets close around himself and laid his head on the pillow, watching Clint sidelong like the man might leap at him suddenly or something.
"Mm?" Tony hugged around his neck a little tighter, yawning. "There's no doors on the beach," he insisted. He wasn't drunk or tired enough to miss the cabin door right there, but that meant Steve sitting him down soon... Then again, if he opened it, it seemed Steve planned to carry him inside, so he reached for it. "Well would you look at that."
"Will you keep it down?" Peter grumbled, rolling the motorcycle out of the garage. Aunt May was not at home right now, but still, they didn't have to announce to the world at large that Spider-Man lived there.
Bruce coughed and sat up slowly, accepting the vest to wrap around his waist like a very small blanket. It honestly didn't cover much, with the arm holes, but was better than nothing. The scientist brushed some dust out of his hair and looked up at Clint for only a second before quickly looking away at one of the walls.
He and Tony had been close for so long, getting engaged right after they were going steady felt very natural. They’d only been together for a short month before he’d realized that he couldn’t imagine a future without Tony.
"Then there must be another he holds dear! One he cannot ignore, even if going to them is a fool's errand," Doom insisted.
"Pizza?" Clint asked hopefully, shivering as he glanced in Thor’s direction. "That does sound pretty good."
"Alright, alright! I tried to—I freaked him out." Vagueness? Check. Hopefully, the Hulk would be pleased with any answer and would calmly go to the training room or kitchen to eat a turkey.
“Hey, I’m here, too,” Tony grumbled from off to Steve’s right. “Is anybody else seeing the gigantic cabin tent camp across the lake, or is it just me?”
"Well, the poison was a gas, so it's in your lungs. If you take slow, deep breaths it'll get more blood pumping to your lungs and help speed things up," Bruce said. "I'm not quite sure how long it will take, though."
Bruce went to shove his hands into his pockets, then realized the swim trunks didn't have any. He lowered his hands back down, shifting from one foot to the other a bit.
“Can you get the door?” Cap asked, shifting on his feet in front of the door to move Tony closer to the cabin.
Bruce looked at Clint's hand for a moment, brushing his thumb over the back of it. He closed his eyes and drew a slow breath. This was doable if he could just keep himself perfectly calm...
Bruce had turned quickly at the kick, bringing his hands up to shield himself from any attacks purely out of instinct.
“Shh, bugs,” Wade said dramatically, cupping a hand to his ear. “I think I hear the sad gargling of that ghost guy!”
“Are we?” Clint asked, pushing down the irritation of being lost in the woods with Wade. “We’ve been ‘heading’ to the shortcut for twenty minutes. We only hiked for two hours! Why the hell aren’t we just going back down the trail?”
Clint suddenly sat up, like a switch had been flipped. He smirked at Bruce, a devilish glint in his sky blue eyes.
“You dodged the same question right back. I’m just not sure why you’d care what I’m interested in, especially since Hulk doesn’t necessarily feel the same way about things that I do.”
"I'll take that as a YES!" The merc grabbed Peter, trying to pull him into the cab through the front window. "Woo, wieners!"
“Wait, hold on!” Wade waved his hands frantically. “What if they think I DUMPED you? You think old Spangles is gonna let that one slide? NO. He’s gonna kick my ass! BUT, ass whooping or not, I’ll do it.” Making double finger guns, Wade pointed them at Peter. “BAM—consider yourself SINGLE, baby.”
"Sounds like he already agreed to let us go," Pepper said faintly, coughing again. "Ugh—whenever he feels like it."
"We'll be back soon," Tony promised. "Don't wreck my living room, the new TV JUST arrived. And Hawkeye?" He waited until both of the blonds glanced. "Stop fighting or I'll assume you're BOTH impostors. Got it?"
"I-I dunno." Letting go of the scientist's hand, Clint hurried over to his double. Another brilliant flash of light from the storm helped Bruce see them again. Hawkeye was kneeling down in front of the other, gently lifting his lookalike’s face up to check for a pulse. "He's alive."
"Hulk, huh?" He murmured to himself. That was bad—very bad. How sandwiches fit into the equation was a mystery, though.
Tony tried not to laugh. It was both fantastic and so damned frustrating dating Steve and having to not flaunt it.
"I'm gonna go find tall, blond and handsome--ciao!" And with that, Deadpool was gone again, much to Loki’s relief.
"It is called 'bow-tie salad'," Thor said, speaking the name very carefully. "Fear not, they speak of noodles."
He poured more batter and shut the iron, turning to look at Tony. Talking from that far away was a bad idea, so he waved for Tony to come over.
“What’re you doing?” Tony’s voice from so close nearby startled him, and a glance told him the billionaire had stepped over to look at the kayak, too. “Really? The shark actually bit a hole?” He was laughing, probably at just how badly things had all gone wrong, and how fast.
"Yeah, he does," Peter admitted. "And yeah...they're the dangerous kind. If you hear who he is you'll probably either have never heard of him or hate him, so maybe we could just change the subject."
“He’s never said it like that, but he did slip up and call you dad one time.” Matt paused to sip his coffee, laughing to himself. “He was mortified, until he realized that you had hung up before he said it.”
“I hear that,” he told Loki, turning to him and doing his best to relax and smile. “I mean, for me it’s back to the newspaper and getting yelled at by my boss, but still.”
Oh god, poor Peter. Steve swore to himself that he was going to apologize. Eighteen was an important milestone in anyone’s life and they’d been too caught up in their own lives to acknowledge it.
"...Would I what?" Tony couldn't help it, he had to pursue this conversation thread while it was still going. That, and he was still kind of irked over the line about ‘if he was a woman’.
The blond archer stirred in his sleep, turning and biting off a mouthful of sandwich as he pressed against the back of the couch.
"...Crispy and perfect!" Clint grinned, making a little squiggle in the air to symbolize bacon. At long last, he reached for the sandwich shop door and pulled, but it didn't budge. He stared at it, then up to the sign, horror on his face. "W-what? Oh come on!"
He took Matt’s hands and squeezed them, smiling sadly. “I think the only fair way to do this is to get it all out there—if I’m not hiding you, I shouldn’t be hiding Wade either. Cap and Tony are probably gonna flip just about me dating two people at once, never mind who they are, but I’m not ashamed of you guys and I’m gonna show you that.”
"You're right. Painkillers sound amazing," he told Bruce quickly, trying NOT to focus on the blinding pain shooting up from his side. Pain was just as awful as he remembered it being.
“Are you actually here?” Clint asked, deciding that it was more reliable to just ask the hallucination. Hey, at least Hulk wasn’t drunk.
He was vaguely aware of Tony moving around the room, maybe gathering up some of the bits and pieces of stuff everywhere. Why was the medical room as much of a mess as Tony's workshop?
"Oh don't worry, I can take it!" Peter grinned, heading for Wade's side of the trampled sand area they'd been using for frisbee games. "Hey Wade, how's it going?"
"It'll be fine—you know the drill," Tony was saying cheerfully. "It's pretty simple—if I collapse, unplug me. Easy cakes."
Tony knew that Bruce really didn't care if he wound up sleeping on a dirty floor. It definitely wouldn't be the first time.
Tony remembered more of the evening before than he let on, too, and Steve had given him a piggyback ride back to the cabin. Besides being disgustingly cute, that was just...not 'avoiding you' behavior even slightly. Talk about mixed signals.
Wow, he hadn’t even done his morning jog, Steve realized sadly.  Or his push ups. He’d have to do those after breakfast.
“That’s not…exactly the case. I’ll let him talk to you about it later,” he said, the amusement clear in his tone. It was rare to see the guy in this good of a mood, and kissing Clint was the reason. Way to make a guy feel warm and fuzzy.
Taping his arm generously, Clint tossed the tape back into the kid’s backpack, but kept the trail mix.
"Well, I w-wouldn't marry t-them." He kept his face turned straight ahead, careful not to look Tony’s way.
Peter had always figured Matt’s Radar Sense, as he called it, was a bit like his own Spider Sense going off all the time. Having that blaring from every side and from half a dozen things at once really would be overwhelming.
Taking the hint, Peter placed his coffee mug aside carefully and stood. What a weirdly relaxed little coffee chat with a notorious super villain…
The sinister laugh that he got in response echoed off of the high ceiling somewhat, and then Doom circled around the bed to tower over his side, crossing his arms. Clint had to admit, the cold metal mask made it look like he was being held captive by a robot of some sort.
"But he is wounded—how can this be?" He picked Loki up easily, turning to the others with a frown. "We must tend to his wounds at once!"
The door pulled open wide enough for Lola to peer out at him, green eyes curious. She was wearing a towel and as far as Peter could see, nothing else.
“Oh, no no.” Matt held up his hands, his smile turning sheepish. “Well, I mean you ARE gorgeous, but I meant that you’re not human, are you? Your heart beats at a different rhythm, along with other things. I’d say you’re an Asgardian, but I know I’d be wrong. I could recognize Thor’s physiology from a mile away.”
"I AM calm!" Clint rubbed a hand through his now tousled hair, squinting and trying to think back on the night before. "We watched a movie and…Whoa!" He sputtered, yanking unsuccessfully on the blankets under Bruce again.
Leaning in to whisper put him just inches from Tony's face, something that he didn't realize until the other man actually leaned in even closer. About an inch from touching noses, Tony glanced sidelong at the door and started whispering back.
There was some kind of chemical bubbling on a burner nearby. The air had that sharp, acidic reek of burnt mixtures, almost like melted wiring. It was making the back of his throat dry.
"I-I'll lend you a hand," Tony offered, pulling the Iron Man mask closer to pick it up. "Hey Jarvis...take a hand, follow Pepper around."
The fire crackled and sent a stream of orange embers up into the warm night air as Dr. Banner put a few more pieces of wood on it. The scientist apparently liked fishing and camping, and had started the fire out of driftwood without much need for assistance.
"The creature is hard to miss," Thor pointed out, hovering them there to scan the area below. "Perhaps he has transformed back into Banner by now."
"What kind? Peanut? Cashew? Because I know what kind of nut you are!" He paused expectantly, leaning to stare at Spidey with big white eyes.
The enchantress's eyebrows lowered. Blasting Ms. Marvel with a wave of magic, Amora shot out of the hole in the shield where the hero had arrived from. The cosmic Avenger shook off the attack—rocketing away after her. “Oh no you don't!”
“Nervous? Are you two together, or do you just like him?” The question would have sounded rude if Cap didn’t look so worried all of a sudden. He pinched the marshmallow off the stick with a graham cracker and added another piece of chocolate on top—Cap really seemed to like to double the chocolate—offering it to Peter next.
Since he wasn’t hiding up on the balcony anymore, he’d decided to casually search the entire damn beach. All with Bruce in tow, since the man was apparently determined to talk to him.
Hello from the writers! We were on top of this posting twice per week thing with a bunch of chapters written in advance, but a combination of Stressful Real Life (TM) this month and just plain working on a lot of projects at once had led to us running out of prewritten chapters. The TL;DR is that we are dialing back the posting schedule to once per week, on Tuesdays. Don't worry, we will keep posting regularly and onward 'til the end, though. ♥ Thanks for reading and enjoying our fic, as always!
“About a teaspoon,” Cap replied. There was a pause, then he added quietly, “I should go talk to Clint before we have a big green problem.”
Falling back to sit on the bed, Cap gawked at the screen as it changed to different angles of the same video. Even one that was zoomed out from a street camera.
“I said ‘after five.’ It’s five fifteen,” Steve replied easily, reaching a hand up to tame Tony’s hair. “I’d better go check on Thor.”
"Hey!" Tony groaned and slumped against the wall where he sat on the floor. "Great, just great. Held prisoner by a power socket," he grumbled.
“You know how summer flings are. There’s only a few days left before we have to go our separate ways. Why not enjoy ourselves while we can?”
Jeff? Peter stepped up to stop a few paces behind Wade, eying the hot dog vendor. He was glad his mask hid his expression at the moment. This was definitely one of the weirder outings he'd been on recently. Any outing with Deadpool was bound to be weird, though.
"You look like you need more. Heh." Loki reached up and pinched at Bruce's beard playfully. "Looking a little wild there."
Peter took a deep breath and shrugged it off, plunking down with him and pretending to get wrapped up in picking out seashells to top the parapets. He had his answer, though. Something was definitely bothering both of them, and just as definitely it was something they didn't want to discuss with him. There were only a few things Peter could imagine them wanting to censor for him, and romantic troubles was one.
"That's not good enough—who knows what will happen between now and then? I've been through torture before, I can handle it—"
“Um, thank you,” Cap told Thor, taking the blanket from him and carefully placing it around Matt’s shoulders. “This is Matt, by the way. He’s a friend of Peter’s. Any luck finding him?”
“Aye, that was my thought as well!” Thor chimed in, giving Bruce a big pat on the back and smiling. “Since we need not wait for the coffee to brew, what say we make our way there now?”
Steve sighed, sitting down on the edge of the bed. Forget pajamas and blankets. The bed was soft enough.
He felt like an idiot. Of course Steve was bad at talking about this. It was easy to forget when looking at handsome, well-spoken Captain America, but Steve probably had no idea what he was doing at relationship anything. Was Tony pressuring him?
"Oh, you need some more?" They heard Bruce ask as the voices in the medical room faded away. Pepper shivered and shook her head.
They had gone into the tunnel now, and bright lights were flashing overhead as they passed them. The driver's face was half in shadow...but Clint was pretty sure that he was smirking.
Clint sighed. Getting abducted hadn’t been part of his plans today. They were probably going to have to fight their way out.
Despite his best efforts, moving still flexed Pepper's back a little, and she winced. Leaning against his shoulder, she inhaled slowly.
"Then I'd better come along," Bruce said, frowning and starting after him. He snagged the blanket from the bed on his way past, draping it over Clint's shoulders again. "I know you're not a clone."
“You should start your own newspaper. I’ve heard Jameson’s voice before,” Loki frowned. “It’s grating.”
Rubbing his temple, Clint sighed. Sending Bruce to talk to Cap still made sense. The scientist was pretty easy to talk to.
Bruce was in the exact same predicament, hair hanging in his eyes. He gave Clint's hands a little squeeze and smiled sheepishly.
"He talked about Bruce having freckles 'all over'," he continued mildly to Cap, turning to him. "And he asked ME to tell you, because he said if he did it, you weren't gonna take it well. I don't suppose you just went in there and did--what did Clint call it? The 'endangering the team' speech?"
"Ah. Sure." He gingerly grabbed around Thor's waist and looked up at him again. He felt like he should talk about something else to keep his mind from wandering, but he couldn't think of anything.
"We have to at least TRY to get out of here," Pepper said, pushing herself to her feet and leaning against the wall. She looked around the cell for any sign of a weakness.
Bruce glanced up at the sky, and then back to Clint. He squeezed the blond's shoulder, too, and then averted his eyes to the sandwich shop. If Clint kissed him, he could blame the sleep deprivation if he happened to kiss back.
"I'm f-alright Ms. Potts. Don't...worry." He told her, closing his eyes to rest for a moment. It was pretty unlikely that Doom would just let him die, anyway.
"And if I tell you, you'll l-let us all go?" Cap croaked. It was hard to stay standing. His head was starting to spin from lack of air. Cap carefully took long breaths and shook his head to try and get rid of the feeling. Talking was NOT helping.
Tony and Thor retreated out the door, closing it behind them. Bruce, meanwhile, opened the briefcase and pulled out a few surprisingly normal doctor items—a stethoscope, a little penlight, stuff like that.
Shaking his head, Steve stepped  to the other side where Wade was supposed to be. It didn’t bother him if they changed places, except for the fact that Tony was right in front of him.
He looked at the root beer bottle, but couldn't really make himself swig it. His stomach kind of hurt. As far as he knew, Cap was probably straight as an arrow and old-fashioned about sex and marriage, too. He didn't even know what 'swings both ways' MEANT, for Pete's sake.
"You think of me...as like YOU? You wish!" He put his arms out, too, mirroring Loki's gesture. "Everybody wants Tony Stark—s-some of them just won't admit it. Yet."
Peter averted his eyes just in time to see Cap and Wade dropping meat patties onto the grill. At least the captain wasn’t throwing him on the grill. Yet.
Cap had to admit, they really didn’t need to restrain Clint. He was too injured to do anything anyway.
“N-not yet! Nobody else knows!” Cap hurried to clarify. He was touched that Thor was so accepting, and more than a little relieved.
“Yes, PETER Peter,” Cap sighed, hurrying over to save the waffle. It still had a chance—unlike the forgotten waffle on his plate, which was saggy in the middle as it grew soggy.
"Alright." Clint said, getting up and dusting off his butt. The dungeon was horribly boring. No one was coming to save them and he had one last card up his sleeve. He waved around at the walls since he couldn't spot any cameras. "Hey Doom! Let’s talk!"
Peter had been through some very hard times lately, and both the leaders of the Avengers had made sure he made it through. Sometimes, it was as simple as giving him back up when he was facing off with some animal-costumed loon. And sometimes, it was being there when Peter needed someone to talk to about his extraordinary life that he couldn’t share with his aunt May.
“So,” he mumbled, trying to come up with something to say. Finding that his brain had suddenly gone on vacation itself, he left it at that.
"N-new needle. Gamma...poisoning," he mumbled into the blonde's shoulder. Anything he bled on had to be treated as a biohazard.
"Maybe you should take a nap and let the Hulk out to play?" Clint said, glancing back at the tired looking scientist. He paused in the hall and waited for Bruce to catch up. "Are you...missing a shoe?"
As Cap turned back to him, he looked for bruises. Hank had wound up on his butt in the sand a couple of times yesterday.
The last person he would have ever expected to see at the peaceful lake was Deadpool. The mercenary was an infamous hitman, and notorious for being a basket case. Having him anywhere near Peter was nerve-wracking.
For a moment, Cap’s eyes flicked back across the fire towards Tony, then he focused on making another s’more, clearing his throat.
"You are in no position to tell me what to do," Doom replied flatly, still standing there with his arms crossed and watching the proceedings.
“A white lie—I’m sorry,” Matt said, squeezing Peter’s hands. “Are you alright? Mr. Stark and Mr. Rogers said they’d been looking for you for hours. I’m so glad you know the Avengers.”
"I'll come check on you, too, Cap," Tony added, crossing his arms and leaning back against the wall. He wasn't smiling so much now, though.
“Peter,” Matt mumbled, shifting on his feet and frowning down at the floor. “Between Wade or me, I promise you—Wade’s a better choice.” Tipping his head back up, Matt’s expression grew sad. “I’m not very good at relationships.”
"Daredevil's a carrot top, guys," Tony said assuredly. "And shorter than that guy." He frowned after Peter and the blond, too. "And he did not mention any tracking devices. God, maybe he is a SHIELD agent..."
"Come on. Sit down." He gently pulled on Bruce's shoulder in an attempt to lead him to the medical bed. "Let me play doctor for awhile."
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve saw Bruce duck in and quickly rearrange about half of the campfire’s shape before Clint got back with the last rocks for the fire ring. Now the wood was in more of a point, leaving air for the fire to breathe—probably far more likely to actually work.
"Listen, I don't mean to be rude, but you remember who you're talking to, right? If there's one thing I'm painfully aware of every waking moment, it's my heart rate." He glanced at Clint sadly. "And no, we're not together. Not...not like that, that's not allowed for me and I know it. Holding hands hasn't happened in years, either. Was nice while it lasted." He sighed, his shoulders slumping defeatedly. "Maybe being me for a whole week was a mistake."
"You know, I don't like you. Sarcasm is fun—but only when I'M doing it." He poked the shirtless Clint's shoulder.
All business—if he acted too serious, Steve wouldn't be comforted, because Tony generally was only serious in the direst of circumstances. Sometimes not even then, if a good punchline presented itself.
Thor had turned and promptly headed out the door after Hawkeye. Maybe he didn’t want the new Hawkeye to be alone with Tony.
Cap dropped back into the seat and braced himself beside his fellow Avenger, giving Clint a look of annoyance.
“Your dads are SO cool,” Wade whispered—loudly—to Peter as he lit a wad of paper towel he’d thrown into the bonfire pit. “Captain America AND Iron Man? Dude, please, help me make them LOVE ME!”
"That's really not necessary!" Peter was pretty sure his voice just went up two octaves. Oh, jeez, his teachers didn't even know he was bi--what if they let Cap know he was lying about even having a boyfriend? Oh, god, what if Cap tried talking to Aunt May about it? "I-it's complicated! My super villains are psychos, and they'll go after anybody I care about to get to me, and I'm not out to anybody but you!"
The demi-god casually got up from his table, dropped his empty cup into a trash bin, and made his way in the direction of the Avengers mansion. On a dull day like this, someone must be home.
"They both know Hulk better than me, but I'll do my best," Bruce promised. "We've got to figure out what's going on with them. Once we do, promise me we'll talk it over before we do anything to try and mediate, okay?"
"What?" Bruce glanced at him quickly, and just about sidestepped to put more space between them, but not-so-subtly pretended like that wasn't what he was doing. "Well, I didn't think to bring my card or my phone or anything when we were sneaking out in the middle of the night," he added, smiling.
He grabbed the last couple of suitcases out of the car--which looked a lot easier when Cap did it--and slowly made his way after the blond man. "S-so... What should we do with the evening? No TV to watch, no training room to work out in, no...no idea what we're having for dinner. Hm."
The supposed archer looked back at Thor, surprised. That could be fun to watch. Give ol' Doom a surprise. Thor might not be able to actually hurt Doom. He could, however, mess up his castle.
For all the effort Steve went through asking Bruce to stay himself, it seemed like the scientist didn’t care. He must really have a problem with Peter and his…friends.
Not far away at the end of the couch, Loki saw that Hawkeye looked like he wanted to kill him. Goody.
"Do it, it's worth it," he whispered to Wade confidently, unwrapping the bread loaf and realizing it was an unsliced one that had been baked pretty crispy. Nice. He started crunching it up with his bare hands, reducing it down to crumbs.
"You really need to get more sleep.” Ms. Marvel sighed and hovered in place, holding up something red—an Avengers card. She offered it to him. “Look, I checked in on him myself and this was all I found."
The teen actually flinched before realizing it was his phone ringing in his pocket. Pulling it out, he realized in bemusement that he had about 25 missed calls and 15 text messages from both Matt and Tony.
“About that,” Steve began, stopping at Thor’s side and looking up at him gingerly. “Would you be able to stay a bit longer? There was some trouble in camp last night and Tony and I have to talk with Hulk before he hurts someone.”
The Hulk snarled and grabbed Amora in one big fist, lifting her off of Loki—and smacking her into the nearest wall of the building. Dust and rubble rose into the air. The Hulk was friends with Hawkeye, but in a blind rage he wasn't safe for anybody to be around.
Clint stared, snapped out of it when he tipped his coffee and spilled it over his hand. Shaking his hand quickly, he couldn’t help staring.
"Yeah, then I would finally get a day off." The archer shrugged, not bothering to retrieve his arm from around Bruce. "You like having your boring fishing days."
"Ugh..." Bruce groaned, leaning on Clint without any protest. "C-cure...right..." He shakily dug through his pockets one by one.
Wade pressed another meat patty onto the cookie sheet and grinned, leaning to whisper in Peter’s ear.
Wade would totally appreciate that—if he wasn’t lurking behind a big beach rock, peeking back at the bonfire.
"Well, you did slap me in the face. I'm still not sure what I did to deserve that, except maybe being painfully boring."
"You're not in any shape to hunt anybody down," Bruce said, looking carefully ahead of them as they started up the next flight of stairs. "And we're working on the rest...checking on Cap's cure, to help Tony. I can do that and still consider your safety."
Those huge crazy eyes turned from them to stare down the beach. Clint could swear he saw the man’s ears perk up as he dodged past them and took off down the beach at a full sprint.
“Great, we’re taking a vacation on the face of the freaking sun.” He circled the car and yanked open Cap’s door, sticking a hand in his face. “Gimme the keys.”
The Hulk frowned and looked off to the side. Then he leaned over Loki and poked at the hem of his shirt.
Movement across the bonfire caught his attention. Cap and Bruce had both just stood, and were heading off down the beach toward the water. Tony squinted after them. First Bruce wanted to sit over there, then he went off with Cap on the night time tropical beach alone? What was up with that?
"I wonder when Tony's going to get here," Pepper sighed, curling up and leaning back against the wall.
"I've got work today," Peter said hastily. "Power blackouts mean people to help! Maybe some other time." He shot a web at the nearest streetlight and went swinging that way.
“Whoa, what?” He managed, realizing what Peter had said. “What do you mean you know they wouldn’t? Kid, the 1950s weren’t exactly friendly to gay people. My bet’s on Cap being a homophobe. I dunno about Tony. He’s a bit…metrosexual. Could be gayer than a box of crayons and I wouldn’t be surprised.”
"Go home and take a hot shower?" Bruce suggested sleepily, very close to dozing off on his shoulder as before. It was warmer under the vest than outside, and the sound muted away.
“Heeeeeey,” Wade said, sticking a hand up to wave. Nice place ya got here! We got Hulked last night, so we moved down the hill and since it looks like you guys are already awake—I figure I’d let you know that I already made pancakes! Not city pancakes, though, CAMPFIRE pancakes with that authentic smoky flavor!”
Snickering to himself, he made his way out of the alcove and looked both ways up and down the beach.
“Can’t believe what?” Clint asked, sliding his hands down to hold Bruce’s. Just to help him keep his balance. His hair was hanging in his eyes, but fixing it meant letting go of the scientist’s hands.
"Where's that punk, bub?" Wolverine snarled, extending his claws. He shook Spider-Man by the shirt front. "Where the hell is my bike?"
“It’s not a matter of attitude, Peter,” Steve told him, casually tucking a napkin in the front of the teenager’s collar. “Tony isn’t interested in any one person, certainly not me. I think it’s best for the Avengers if him and I keep our personal lives apart.”
"Mr. Stark designed this containment cell for the Hulk, sir," Jarvis said drolly. "After the Hulk retreats, Dr. Banner is always in need of new clothing."
Wow, gloomy, Peter thought, sighing and getting out of bed. He flipped the light switch. Nothing changed, though—the power must have been out.
"Why do I need an excuse to leave and go home?" Peter grumbled, stepping toward the edge of the roof. "You're starting to creep me out, man."
The sky flared brilliantly as purple lightning burst across it. The thunder was right on top of him--no delay between the two. It was deafening. There was an advantage, though--against the purple light and angry grey clouds, he saw Mjolnir shining bright silver in the distance.
“What if we can’t get back fast enough and someone dies, Tony?” Cap asked, turning in his seat and frowning at Tony. “There’s a reason we’re stationed in the middle of New York!”
They scooted shoulder to shoulder, eyes locked on the other like he was going to shank him at any moment. Then the shirtless one looked up at Thor expectantly.
"Are you okay?" Pepper started to stand, moving along the wall toward him. "Here...sit down a minute."
"Look. I'm going to go lie down. I'll be in my room if you need me..." Slowly, practically holding himself up with his free hand, he started for the door.
"You still have the word of Doom!" Doctor Doom insisted from the other side of the bars. He'd said he would let Captain America and the others go, but he hadn't specified when...so for now they were all still in his dungeon. He'd even been generous enough to let them all sit in the SAME cell now...
"No one s-should be off by t-themselves right now." What worried him was that Tony had the terrible habit of underestimating the danger he was in. He'd call for help--if his ego didn't get in the way.
He promptly found himself slapped on the cheek, and the lighter snatched out of his hand. Pepper shook a finger at him.
Bruce normally only got to be himself one day a month. Which was pretty annoying when Clint wanted to get to know the guy.
"Oh, that's alright." Bruce held up a hand. He then held his hand up above his head, which shielded about four inches of his hair from the raindrops. Ah, well.
"By Odin!" The thunder god pointed at the screen dramatically. "I see Hawkeye there as well! When did this occur? The sun is no longer in the sky," Thor noted, peeking out the dark window to be sure. In the footage of the scene of the fire, it was most definitely light out. "Why have they not returned by now?"
Bruce blinked, obviously not expecting him to notice or care. He was also looking at Loki a little strangely, like maybe he had some running commentary going on in the back of his head and it was awkward or something.
"Yeah, I know. You said it," Tony assured him. "Now if I drop dead, your conscience is clear—no worries." He sighed and tried to sit up a little. That promptly ended in wincing and slumping back against the wall again. Nothing like getting electrocuted for creating aches and pains.
Clint suddenly wanted to know more about him, suddenly wanted to go somewhere without the others to hang out...and even wanted to spend time with the Hulk, of all people.
Tony wasn't much of an arrowhead craftsman; it turned out to be more of a pointed tip with only one actual barb on the side.
"I love Thor," Loki stated, staring up at the ceiling. It had never occurred to Loki until that moment that Thor wasn’t stupid—Loki was just very smart. His stepbrother wasn’t a fool, at all. He was noble and blond and handsome.
"...Using his tricks to make noble heroes like Captain America abandon their posts. Will Spider-Man ever be put behind bars where he belongs or will he create more villains in our city? More on this after traffic," the reporter on the large screen above the subway said happily.
"Whatever." They turned away from each other, both frowning. The one in PJs put a hand to his nose and cringed, feeling the bridge.
"Now that the mansion is shielded, there is no need to imprison either of you," Thor said, not so much as glancing away from him for the door. "Until we discover why there are two of you, I see no reason to treat either of you as anything less than the dear friends that you are."
Bruce squeezed his hand tightly in return, the slam abrupt enough to startle him. A flicker of green lit the air near them—Bruce's eyes, glowing in the dark.
Before Cap could explain himself, he noticed a flutter of moment as something fell from his shirt. The recipe card!
Over on the examination table across the room, Bruce had awakened with a start at the sudden screams (especially since they ended as abruptly as they had begun...) He sat up and looked over at the other table, wide-eyed.
"Still in one piece," Tony confirmed, offering him an armored hand. "Hey, hey, sit down, okay? Looks like Bruce didn't make your magic cure before the power went out..."
"Yeah, I'll get to that in a minute. First, how's Cap doing? Where is he?" He stepped through the living room door as he said it, and spotted Steve sitting there on the couch.
“Sure, let’s get that double chocolate going for Wade,” Peter said, making a beeline for the campfire. As always, Cap and Tony approached things with different tactics. For some reason Steve didn’t want to have an all-out discussion about it, but Peter knew better than to relax just yet. This wasn’t over.
“Good morning! Nay, Loki’s camp has done nothing to cause concern. All was silent and peaceful.” He glanced across the lake, then back to Steve, spinning Mjolnir around his finger by its handle strap like it was light as a feather. “Is it time to switch places again already?”
“There’s a good spot.” He led the way across the sand, keeping watch for anybody who might startle Bruce. Joggers, kids, crabs. If the Hulk came out, Tony might cut the week short.
"Ah, yes." Cap was a little surprised by the sudden hug, but wrapped his arms over Thor's shoulder's. He missed having the cards. Wandering around outside for who knows how long wasn't the best idea right now and it would have been nice to know that Pepper was safe.
"We're about to begin our descent, so be sure your seat belts are buckled, your tray tables are up, and your arms and legs are inside the vehicle," Tony said drolly, sending them into a dive down toward the mansion. "Thank you for flying with Stark Express Airlines! Oh, and something about peanuts, etc, etc."
“I can find it, thanks,” Matt replied dully, kissing Peter’s other cheek before turning to the campsite. With a sigh, he leaned down and started picking up cups and plates from around the fire.
“Thanks for saying ‘we’, but we both know a little weather won’t hurt the guy who froze solid for decades,” Tony said, taking his hand. He started to climb to his feet. A bolt of lightning split the sky above them, followed very closely by a deafening growl of thunder. Tony looked at the kayak and frowned. “I don’t know, Cap, I think going out on the water in this would be worse than staying here.”
"Likewise," Tony said with a flippant little salute. He dove through the opening in the shield and hovered in for a landing right next to the Hulk and Hawkeye. "Okay, let's all go back inside—you, too, green guy—and chill. Okay?"
Bruce did frown slightly at that. Drawing a deep breath, he replied as neutrally as possible, "No. Please don't try something like that again—it won't end well. We can’t keep wrecking Tony’s house."
“I offer myself to you again with a heart even more your own than when you almost broke it eight years and a half ago,” Peter quoted, glancing back at Cap. He quickly waved for Loki to go. “There’s more, read it, it’s good! It’s okay, Cap, he’s just leaving.”
“I think you’re a bit too young to know this, but a couple weeks is too long for a summer fling,” Lola told him, turning and heading back under her umbrella. A hand waved back to him. “It was nice to meet you Peter!”
“Got the maps,” Clint said shortly, dropping the papers at Peter. He examined the flags that Bruce was holding and nodded. “These will work. Grab another pack. Do they have any pencils or pens? Those would work for the poles.”
Loki leaned back against the couch, feeling heavy. The antics were entertaining, but he needed to rest his eyes.
“Ah no,” Clint said quickly, once averting his gaze to the sunscreen instead of Bruce and all his freckles. “I was gonna scout.”
"Unharmed, huh?" Tony gestured to the blond's current attire of just his pants and tilted his head as if to say, 'really?'
Out of nowhere, Tony brought a hand up to catch and hold the blond’s. He looked like he wanted to say something, but remained quiet. Holding Cap's hand.
"Thor, my love! You will be mine—I swear it!" Flinging a charging Ms. Marvel aside, Amora vanished in a shimmer of green smoke. She knew better than to think that she could take on Hulk and Thor alone.
Tony blinked and took sudden interest in the same data that had been on the computer screens for the past ten minutes, sipping at his glass.
"I won't," Clint reassured him, patting the thin man’s arm. There was no need to summon the rage monster now, he supposed. That would be AFTER Loki was done causing trouble among the Avengers. Hawkeye’s trampish nature was proving to be way too much fun—
"I only really follow a couple of shows. Most of the TV is garbage these days." It was almost like they were in their own little bubble. The vest was thick enough and big enough that it blocked out most of the noise from the rain outside. "We should watch Mega Future Weapons sometime. They had this one cool episode about high tech bows—they weren’t as awesome as mine, but it gave me some ideas for new arrowheads."
“Ooh, the gravelly voice is niz-ice!” Wade quipped, actually catching the frisbee when it came back.
"Suddenly I'm REALLY glad I've never had to fight babies," Peter said, laughing and shaking his head.
Couldn't he do anything without it ending in this...? Without responding to Clint's question, he hurriedly struggled his way out of the vest and pretty much ran into the nearest alley just seconds before his shirt started shredding itself to make room for the Hulk's immense, muscular form.
“Babe!” Wade snagged the back of Peter’s backpack, steering him back off the trail. “We’re almost to the shortcut!”
So, he DID think Tony took too long doing that. Ouch. He looked at Steve and lowered his glass, growing very serious.
“Okay,” Steve told Peter, carefully lifting the gooey chocolate marshmallow sandwich over to the younger man. “This one’s for you.”
"You think money and weapons impress Tony Stark?" Tony snickered a bit, shaking his head. "Look, I'm not sure what this is about, but save it, okay? Where's Cap? He was barely on his feet when he left to find Pepper."
“If Hulk did anything violent toward Peter or any of his friends, I’m sincerely sorry. Why did you want me to be me for this trip, anyway? It’s safer for everybody if I just stay as the Hulk.”
Loki placed his hand on Thor's, leaving a bloody handprint. His lips moved like he was going to say something, but instead he slid to the ground. As dramatically as humanly possible, he looked up at Thor before passing out cold.
“Have a nice day,” Cap told her, though there was no hint of sincerity in his voice. As soon as Lola sauntered off, Cap turned back to Peter with his arms still crossed. He didn’t say anything, just gave a very suspicious look.
“…You know, this’s the first time we’ve really been alone since Daredevil got here,” he said almost casually, facing forward again and helping drag the kayak the last few feet to the rocks. Sitting his end of it down, he swiped dark curls out of his face and sighed. “Really thought we were gonna talk things out that time. Or the time before, with the root beer. Or, you know, any of the times before that.”
"Wow, what manners," Peter joked, swinging in to perch on the frame of the porch behind him. He looked at the door expectantly.
“Not—not like that,” he clarified, sighing. “That’d be super freaky with Hulk in your head—if you’re even gay. Not that that’s a problem. Being gay. Or not. I just talked to…did you know Spider-Man’s gay? Had no clue.”
"So, this's graph paper because it's for my math class, but this's a much better use for it," he said with certainty.
Steve glanced back down at Tony, raising an eyebrow. "Tony, d-do you...um." He mumbled, trailing off. Continuing up the stairs, he cleared his throat. "Would y-you marry me? Er, if you were...if I...asked you to?" He finished at last, clearly struggling not to look down at his friend again.
"If you want Thor to come here, tell him you have his brother." He took another sip. "Maybe you can rig up some kind of robotic version.”
The mutant jumped after Deadpool, yanking him back out of the wall as the merc cracked his head back into place.
A guy as perceptive as Daredevil had to be in denial to think Peter had no reaction to him. The shy smile in the rain the day before came back to Tony's mind, and Matt's handsome, genuine smile back. Yeah, he hadn't imagined that.
Bruce leaned to look at the ground curiously, his eyes wide but still soft and brown. He knelt down and scooped the sand aside from the spot with his hands.
"I need to warn you before he talks to you," Bruce began, looking at Clint again wearily. "I let Cap think you might be interested in Tony when I talked to him last night. You can just deny it and say I don't know what I'm talking about, that's fine." He sighed. "I'm not around much that people see, so for all they know it's true."
This was fine, Peter told himself as the first wave of powerful onion fumes wafted across him and out into the rest of the kitchen. He could already feel his eyes stinging.
"For...the view." Deadpool said slowly, holding Peter tightly. "It's a beautiful...whatever Detroit is."
"The Hulk's gone on a rampage twice in one night—what the hell did you DO?" Tony demanded, turning with crossed arms to stare Clint down. The archer was pretty sure he just wanted to know so he could poke Bruce into Hulking out whenever he wanted, too.
Now he was REALLY curious what was up with Hawkeye and Dr. Banner. Cap seemed to think they were doing things they shouldn't. Considering how Bruce turned into the Hulk if his heart rate got too high, that gave the imagination all sorts of fuel... He blushed and tried to focus on making meatballs. Steve and Tony didn't seem to be in much better moods than before. What could be done to help with that?
“This is ridiculous, Tony,” Captain America sighed, laying his shield on the big round table in the situation room. Sliding his mask back, he took a moment to try and straighten his hair. Even as a super human, the heat was pretty miserable. It wasn’t like he had a secret identity to protect, as everyone knew he was Steve Rogers, so he could have taken his sweaty mask OFF at some point. The blond man just hadn’t thought about it until then. His appearance was only a concern when the public was looking at him. As it was, the only person looking at him was Tony Stark.
"Aye-aye, Cap," he said, trying to lighten up. Seriously, was it the tropical air? Everybody was so sad tonight, and bothered, and apparently gay. Taking a seat again, Peter resolved to try and cheer Cap and Tony up tomorrow if they were still glum. Maybe they wouldn't be. Maybe Cap would give Tony one of those legendary inspiring speeches and everything would be perfect again soon.
It took a few minutes for Clint to realize that the taxi never turned around to go to the Avengers Mansion. In fact, it was going exactly the opposite direction—and into a tunnel, to boot.
"I always thought you meant the other thing, so no." Clint shrugged, following closely. "I thought about checking in but it'd just be..." After a long pause he shook his head. "Creepy."
The archer looked tired with all the small bruises and eye bags. If anyone needed some time off, it was the regular humans in the group.
"The Fantastic Four are in big trouble—at least, it looks that way, since they're all gone except Johnny. Can we come in?"
Now, they'd been watching the frisbee game for awhile, and it was a nice clear evening on the beach. The root beer supply was taking a serious hit, between Steve and Tony both drinking them. Nonetheless, Tony went to grab another anyway. In a valiant effort not to be petty (he thought), he brought Steve another root beer as well since his last bottle was nearly empty.
"No, I don't think so," Tony said dubiously. "But I'm gonna go in there with you. Carol, keep an eye on the shield—and let me through, pretty please?" He gave the blonde a thumbs up. She couldn't see his grin, but heard it in his voice.
“Bruce?” Clint called, missing the rock with his hand entirely. The right side of his face connected with solid stone. Was that his neck popping or his jaw? Something really hurt. It could be one of the many bruises adorning his face, freshly scraped up thanks to the damn rock.
“Yeah,” Clint said, trying not to dwell on it. Okay then. Bruce didn’t like him and that was the bottom line. Tossing those thoughts aside for After Coffee Clint, he continued on down the beach, focusing on the people around them.
"Um." Cap paused for a second, face flushing faintly. "I j-just...How do I u-undo this? Your power is g-getting very low."
As casually as he could, he stepped around the medical beds and made his way to the door. There was always time later for him to return at full, uninjured power to play with their feeble minds.
"Unless I use YOU," Doom said, looking him over as if considering. "Perhaps he will come to your aid."
As if it had heard him, the shark zoomed in and nudged at the back of the kayak again, making it wobble. The sleek shape looked at least six feet long.
"Nothing of value, it seems," the Jotun said huffily to his brother. But he didn't shrink away from Thor's hand. To Tony's amazement, he actually trailed his fingertips along the back of Thor's hand hazily, like he was deep in thought about something.
Peter looked at the blond for a moment, then shrugged and easily scooped him up from the couch to carry bridal-style. It was disconcerting, with how tall Wade was and how skinny Peter looked, to remember that the kid was super strong.
"I stitched him up again," he said quietly, feeling weary all over again. This was kind of like sleepwalking...eyes closed and everything. "He's well enough to walk away."
"Power is at a premium right now, sir." Jarvis' voice was faint and low through the sound system, a bit garbled. "Main power is on, but the r...broadcasting signals are d...activated."
Hawkeye watched, aiming an arrow. What the hell was he supposed to do? Maybe he should just let them duke it out. They were both bad guys!
"H-hey, I know it's technology and I shouldn't have it here right now, but I brought my phone," Peter confessed to Cap and Tony quickly, pulling the phone out. "Could we take a vacation pic together, the three of us? Maybe with the sandcastle once it's done!"
Damn. Where the hell did THAT come from? He really needed more than two hours of sleep a night. Yeah, he was tired. That was it.
The storm flashed outside again, growling thunder shortly after. What if the tackle box was out there somewhere, and got washed away? Oh, no... What if somebody put it on the beach and the high tide ATE it?
“How many years does it take to go through law school? Four? Eight? You’ve gotta be at least what, in your late twenties?”
The blond had yet to see Clint or anybody else, and hollering a few times hadn't yielded any results.
Cap glanced and saw that Bruce was examining some computer readouts across the room, comparing samples. He hadn’t looked up at the sound of his name.
Peter snorted and shook his head. Yeah, because BOMBS were the thing a guy with claws built into his hands would use to attack somebody.
"Huh?" Tony said intelligently. It was just such an odd thing to say. "Sure, he composed Latveria's anthem and everything," he said, once the question had sunk in. Doom was a veritable genius, but making pretty music didn't win anybody over except his obsessed citizens.
He had peeked in on everyone and was worried when he found Clint and Bruce missing—until he remembered all the strange conversations he had had with everyone the day before. Them both being missing was proof enough to Cap that the two might be sweethearts.
"R-right. Sandwiches." He very deliberately lifted his hands from Clint's shoulders and tucked his arms close to his sides as he usually did, clearing his throat far more loudly than he'd intended to. "We'd, ah, we'd better get moving, then."
"Can we n-not talk about that anymore? It's o-over." Steve coughed, turning back to Pepper. "We made it t-through. That's all...that's all that matters n-now." His throat was getting worse again. If he just kept quiet and didn't speak, it wouldn't hurt so bad. But keeping quiet wasn't something he was good at when people needed encouraging words. He gave Pepper a sad smile. "I'll be alright. Y-you should r-rest."
"Let's go," Bruce mumbled. He was pretty sure there WAS no good way to be strapped to a table naked by Doctor Doom.
He glanced at Clint guiltily. "That's not all, though. I told Cap you were pretending to flirt with me to misdirect anybody from how you feel about Tony. So, uh, Cap thinks there's something one-sided going on with us, and Tony thinks we're dating. We're probably going to get yelled at either way." He laughed tiredly, shaking his head.
"How's that?" Peter asked dubiously. "I mean, don't get me wrong, I-I wanna help them too. They're doing a LOT of moping for guys on a tropical beach vacation."
"Are you really trying to tell me we didn't just hear him dumping you?" Tony stepped around to the other side of the campfire, too, crossing his arms. That looked difficult while holding a root beer bottle, but he managed.
Remembering to mind his words, he stubbornly looked away into the sea. It was strangely similar to his thoughts at that moment, a violent storm of barely contained emotions.
“You talkin’ smack about bugs?” Wade said, puffing up his chest. “I’ll throw YOU off this cliff! Bugs is the best!”
"I'm sure you've got something better to do, too!" Peter called after him, before swinging around a corner and away. Deadpool wouldn't shut up or go away until he just plain left—and even now, he knew the guy would randomly show up again soon. He was relentless.
As a blinding bolt of lightning cracked through the clouds, the door opened behind him. A shuffle of feet, then the door closed again.
“Cap!” Peter couldn’t hide his relief at seeing Steve. “Um, I’m okay, but Hawkeye’s stitches are bleeding everywhere. Again,” he said worriedly, glancing at Clint. Dropping his voice to a whisper, he added urgently, “And LOKI is on the other side of the lake—heads up!”
Steve couldn't get drunk anyway, Tony figured, but maybe he'd appreciate the thought since he probably WANTED to get drunk after his ordeal with Doom. Tony knew he would want to.
The blond followed, blanket flowing behind him like a cape. He seemed pleased. Leaning over to nab a pizza, he waved at Thor.
"Here..." Tony lifted a hand, which was quite shaky, then clenched it into a fist and laughed. "Ow...damn, you're not kidding around..."
"Yeah well. I think fond isn't the word—more like fondle." The other demigod pushed his hand away, carefully holding back his strength so that he appeared to be a mortal. Why did Thor have to stick around? Wasn't the field supposed to allow Loki to walk around alone now?
Tony stared down at the newspaper, paling a shade as Steve flipped the pages. The muscular blond gave him an encouraging pat on the shoulder and stepped back.
"He probably went back down to the basement to check on Tony," the strapped down man added. "I think he said something like that."
Bruce turned and reached for the kit, clicking the lid open. He seemed a little surprised, for some reason.
Turning his attention back ahead of them, Cap tried not think about it. Did Loki know about he and Tony’s engagement? He’d said they were the talk of the town. Had he told Peter? Was that why they couldn’t find him?
“If you have a concern about a teammate or ally, come to us first,” he told Bruce, thinly covered anger in his voice.
Peter gave Clint a passing smile, but he was still troubled thinking about Cap and Tony. Steve said he knew about Tony's love life, of all of the Avengers. How exactly did he know? It lined up that maybe they were dating each other, and that was bad, because that meant Tony's dating trouble was also Steve's dating trouble. What if they had a bad break up? Would the Avengers do the superhero version of dividing a household in a divorce...?
“So you’re recruiting the team to strand your leaders out at sea? Wow. I hope they don’t think this is mutiny,” Matt told them dubiously.
It might have been his first experience with blood loss in a couple centuries, but Loki was beginning to admire Stark. The sickly mortal obviously came up with a weapon that could hurt him. Leaning his head on Bruce's shoulder, he sighed. Now he had to find a way into Tony's lab. Perhaps Tony liked blonds too...
Tony glanced back, then stopped short and looked again. Even with the pouring rain falling down on their heads, he must have noticed Steve’s expression. Damn it.
Bruce kind of shrank down in his seat, but didn't shrug the arm off of his shoulders. He sighed and Loki felt him relax after a moment as he lifted his head from his palms.
The lake was absolutely beautiful. The sun was peeking through the trees, its soft rays of light sparkling over the surface of the water.
“I…guess we’re gonna have to move our camp. Down by the Avengers, probably. This’s a disaster, I’m sorry.” What was Wade even looking for in that tent? Whatever it was, it had to be flattened by now. Peter groaned and put his face in his hand, realizing that that meant his only clothes were in the waterlogged backpack back in the Avengers’ camp. Even his s’mores supplies were now in the mud under that tree. Why him?
It was really tough to tell what Steve was thinking, but he'd definitely been distant lately, avoiding any in-depth talk about life with Tony. He WAS from the 1940s, maybe gay things made him uncomfortable. If Tony had a chance to find that out while talking about OTHER people making him uncomfortable, that was a hell of a lot better than making Steve uncomfortable by asking if he himself was interested in men.
“Alright, sounds good.” Clint waved to them quickly, getting to his feet. “Get back out to the living room and play it cool. We’ll start the plan after breakfast. I’ll get Thor, you guys lay it on thick how badly you want to kayak, and Peter—use the puppy eyes.”
Jeez, looking at couples irritated Tony right now. He was worried about Bruce eying Cap while Clint was eying Bruce! Why couldn't they just have a nice, fun, no subtext family vacation, huh?
