His phone buzzed on the arm of the couch a couple hours later after Sam’s departure and a few episodes into the Netflix series “You”. Cas opened it and smiled at the message left for him.
Dean set his book bag down and took his seat across from the other man. “Hey-a Cas. So, I hope you’re good with math. Pre-Calc is kicking my ass.”
“G-gone? Gone where? Cas, what are you talking about?” Transfer papers” Fuck…Castiel was switching schools?! Because of him? No…No, no no, this couldn’t be happening. The panic was beginning to rise despite him having always been a pretty cool, calm and collected sort of guy. But here he was, riddled with anxiety because of the one person he cared about most outside of Sammy. The one person he had fallen head over heels for was leaving.
Sam rushed back in with the nurse, both concerned for him as he still, despite the pain, he tried to get himself free. “Whoa, hey, Dean…it’s okay, just breathe.” He soothed as soon as he reached his bedside, the nurse going about her business to ensure Dean was comfortable.
Castiel shook his head in defiance. “No. I need to get this out…I had wires taped to my temples and I was hooked up to a heart monitor. It was all very official, like I was in a hospital. There was a television screen in front of me and on it I was shown images and video clips of men and women together. Others were of men…God, they even had the audacity to show me photos of young kids as if pedophilia and homosexuality were somehow the same thing.”
“Whatever Dean, why don’t you just ask the guy out?” Sam threw out, returning to the remainder of his breakfast and finishing it in a couple bites.
Dean could make out some shuffling noise in the background and if he had to hazard a guess, Casanova was refilling his glass.
Castiel flushed a little at the compliment and returned his attention back to the sizzling bacon. “It’s nothing really.”
“Oh!” The beta woman perked up. “That’s completely okay. You aren’t signing any consent forms today if you don’t wish to. This is just a formality letting the higher ups know that you’re checking in for a preliminary appointment. Your coordinator will have all the other important papers for you to sign if you wish to proceed.”
“Hm? Oh, no, it’s okay really. It’s much easier to explain away than the real reason why we are here together.”
He then followed Posse Magnet to a quiet corner so they could talk, standing close together in a relatively quiet hallway. They could still hear the music and the loud party goers, but at least here they could hear each other talk a bit better.
“Yes, well, I find myself with this need to ‘drain the pipes’ more frequently as of late. And maybe liquor had something to do with it as it does clear my head of any previous worries.” And possibly any sort of rational thinking as well.
And the energy of it, oh, Castiel loved this. He wasn’t sure if it was the energy or the alcohol or perhaps it was both, but he followed his friend’s right into the thick of the crowd and fell into the music, his body moving with it. He didn’t care if people saw, everyone else was dancing in their own way. His friends were beyond delighted to see him join in with zero hesitation, smiles lighting up their faces. They danced with him and Ash, oh dear Lord, at one point he cleared the way for enough space to break dance. It was ridiculous and glorious all at the same time, Castiel laughed and everyone else cheered.
“That’s where Bobby and his connections game in. Some of the money came from the insurance company but I had to work for the rest of it. Which, sorta means that I dropped out.”
After a few moments, Castiel set his phone down and in the same moment Dean’s phone buzzed with an incoming message. From Casanova.
It happened so fast after that. My bags were packed and, in a few days, I left home to attend the classes. I was scared, sure, but I was optimistic. It would all work out in the end and I’d be saved. Life would go on as it normally would.” Castiel grabbed the bottle of jack and took another swig of it. He could feel the warmth of it flow through his veins, could feel his eyes grow heavy in the haze. But he needed t to be able to tell Charlie the rest.
He looked over to see Benny chuckling and patting the open spot beside him. However, that’s when he noticed a pair of incredibly blue eyes staring directly at him. Castiel Novak. Since when did they have Theology together? And why must he look at him so intensely, it made Dean a little uncomfortable.
Castiel likely didn’t feel anything towards Dean except for friendship, if that considering the years between them. Cas left abruptly, broke Dean’s heart and for the longest time he was sure that Cas really hadn’t felt much for him at all. Sure, maybe at the beginning, but that kiss…Dean triggered something there. Something happened and Cas shoved him, pushed him away.
That would be him, Dean Winchester. He knew the feeling quite well though, and he understood; it was hard for him as well. Especially when he constantly felt the gaze of a certain blue eyed angel from the back of the class. Dean needed this distraction too.
Dean didn’t bother replying. He quickly hung up the phone and jumped out of bed. He brushed his hair and teeth and dressed in something that didn’t smell like booze and hightailed it to class. But despite all his efforts to appear presentable, he still arrived late, feeling like royal shit.
“Well hey,” Dean started, scratching the back of his neck as Castiel unlocked his door. “Thanks for the Taco Bell, and you know, indulging me a bit with The Office.”
“Oh hi Dean!” She beamed, her cheeks flushed with liquor. “Uhm, I mean, not for a while. But I think I saw him walk out the front door a while ago. He looked upset…” That was all Dean needed to hear. He rushed outside and down the street to his car.
“Oh, you know I’m game.” Came Dean’s quick response, a cheeky grin spreading across his face. “I always look forward to whooping your ass.”
Dean grinned cheekily, flashing his canines. “That’s good. So, Cas, do you wanna go and see a really dumb movie with me tomorrow?”
“I’m fine Sam.” Dean bit out. He knew exactly what he was going to say, but Dean no longer had the patience for it. Thankfully he left without another word, leaving Dean to sit and stew.
None of it mattered anyway. Dean was straight, a lady’s man. Hell, he made out with Lisa at the party he went to over a week ago, and she was a gorgeous, well sought-after woman. Things would be much simpler if Dean just went after her.
Dean nodded. “Oh yeah, he only succeeded in tossing his shirt to the crowd before he was pulled from the pool table. I aint never laughed so hard in my damn life!” They all laughed again, their pizza finally arriving in that moment by none other than Ellen Harvelle.
Dean beamed, excited to finally have his best friend back. It’s been, God, a year maybe since they last saw each other. While Dean dropped out, Benny finished school and got in touch with some family he hadn’t seen in years down in New Orleans. As Dean likes to call it, Benny had skipped town to enjoy swamp life. Of course Dean kids. “Awesome! So, I gotta get back to work but we should go out, tonight, if you’re not busy. Get us some beers. There’s a lot I’ve got to tell ya.”
There was a bit of a pause and Cas wondered if Posse Magnet was going to say anything at all, so he spoke once more. “I apologize if I at all got your hopes up.”
“Hey-a Dean.” Benny waved, chuckling a bit to himself. “So this feels a little official, you tryna be a model here chief?”
CasaNova36[8:02PM]: I think I might be having a panic attack lol. We’re waiting for our Uber and I’m just really nervous.
Posse_Magnet67[9:39AM]: Ouch! You wound me Casanova lol You were there too, remember? Did you not have fun?
Casanova didn’t reply right away, which was fine. It gave him some time to make it to the campus cafeteria and order himself something for lunch. As he paid for his order, he had a feeling that whatever was behind this serious tone in the conversation was deep, real and it made Dean a little bit nervous.
Castiel caught his gaze, shadowed blue eyes widening a little at Dean’s presence. Dean offered him a small wave and a nod of his head before taking a seat not directly behind him but a couple seats away, far enough away and yet close enough so that he could observe him.
Castiel walked up to the front desk to sign in for his appointment, the beta behind the counter smiling as she handed him a few sign in sheets he needed to initial, sign and date. The pen in his hand shook with unease as it hovered over the highlighted areas. “Uhm, I don’t have much experience with heat clinics, at all really. I don’t want to sign anything that I haven’t yet agreed to.”
“Oh, uhm, a Grande soy no whip mocha for Samsquatch.” When Cas gave him his signature confused head tilt Dean laughed. “It’s for Sam. And I will take a Grande Americano and one scone.”
There was a bit of a pregnant pause before Dean finally decided to comment. “Do you mind me asking about it?”
Jesus Christ…That scent..God, it was as though a gust of wind blew across a sandy beach in Castiel’s direction, transporting him to sunny days at the ocean. The scent of sea salt was mixed with something undeniably male, warm and comforting, like coming home to a warm meal. Castiel was immediately curious about the newcomer and to be honest, he was grateful for the distraction from where his and Sam’s conversation was going.
Dean stumbled through the front door, drunk and laughing as he struggled with the lock on his door only to find it was already unlocked. He pushed his way through and attempted to hang his coat on the coat rack near the door but failed epically. The coat fell to the floor in a heap, but Dean couldn’t care less. “Sammy! You ‘round here somewhere?”
A smile tugged at Castiel’s lips as he read the message in the middle of thumbing through a rack full of costumes. This was nice. He was actually quite enjoying himself in the present moment. There was no real pressure on either side, their flirtatious banter kept at a bare minimum that Castiel found comfortable. This new, welcomed focus on the upcoming party and meeting a new friend at said party had him feeling a little bit more like himself. He remained wary, however, careful. He didn’t want to push too far too soon and instead just enjoy the moment.
“So I thought you said you couldn’t dance.” Posse Magnet asked him, grinning over the rim of his cup.
“Looking good Cas!” Charlie beamed as she walked over with a few shot glasses in her hands. “Vodka?”
“Nope. It’s just been me and Sammy these past few years. I don’t really have much in the way of extended family. Although I do have an uncle in South Dakota, not by blood but he’s our uncle through and through. God knows Bobby pulled through for us when our dad couldn’t.” Dean shook his head and finished off his beer.
“No….No no no, this can’t….I don’t understand.” Castiel has been speaking to Dean this whole time?! How! He…Oh God, they made out, countless times tonight…And that unbelievable connection he felt, that was for Dean? Did Dean know? Had he known this whole time? A wave of panic came over him, his breath coming out in short rasps.
Castiel cursed at the impact and when he saw who it was that grabbed him, he gasped. “Dean…” His heart pounded in his chest. He was too close, way too close. He could smell the cologne he wore and feel the heat radiate from his body.
Dean smiled at the memory of his and Jo’s first date. He had sworn he ruined it. But nope, not in the slightest. It turned out to be a great night in the end, Dean’s precious worries about Castiel having flown right out the window. Jo had him right as rain and smiling like an utter fool by the end of it.
“Well, maybe to you, but it looks like a mess to me.” Dean came back with the beverages and handed one off to Cas before taking his seat. “Hence why I need a second beer for clarity!”
Posse_Magnet67[3:17PM]: If you don’t want to, I won’t be offended lol the thought of it makes me nervous too.
Shortly after they discussed family, Castiel asking him about Sam’s brother, the one who held him up from such an important meeting. Sam had laughed, stating how his brother could just be very needy sometimes, especially when he is hungover. Castiel couldn’t agree more as Gabriel was pretty much the same.
“Oh yeah, plenty of experience.” Sam laughed. Once everything was unloaded – two quesaritos, a chicken quesadilla, a box of tacos and an order of churros – Sam stood to his feet as though he was ready to leave.
Theres all kinds of fluffy goodness, some heart breaking moments and a little bit of violence. But trust me, its an amazing chapter in my opinion. Plus there some good Cas and Sam bonding time!
Castiel huffed, nodding in agreement. “I haven’t either. I guess this would technically be my first date in years. Your profile said you are a paramedic?”
Charlie and Becky agreed to join in on the fun at the other end of the bar, Becky not so nonchalantly eyeing Benny with interest. They made their arrangements with their server before gathering their things and following Castiel back to Dean’s corner.
Also, I want everyone to know I know absolutely zero about Calculus XD So I feel Dean's pain here. It was a bit difficult writing the scene where they went over his notes and such without mentioning anything about Calculus. Just cuz I know jack shit about it lol I did google it...and damn, thats a bit too involved for me haha
CasaNova36[2:42PM]: I’m finally home. Had a couple other things to take care of, but I have everything together for my costume. Do you still want a few photos?
“H-hello Dean. I’ve been here for a little bit. Sam was just showing me some of your family photos.”
Becky shrugged her shoulders. “I mean, yes and no. But don’t you think Castiel should hear it from Dean instead? Could you imagine the disbelief on his face if you told him?”
For now though, Dean finally had Castiel in his arms, he finally had his lips against his, moving unhurriedly, their tongues swiping playfully against each other. It was beyond incredible, Dean didn’t want to let go. He vowed if things went south that he would push and push to ensure Cas never left his side.
The rest of the day came and went without incident. Though the following morning Castiel couldn’t stop thinking about the conversation he had with Posse Magnet. What possessed him to admit such a dark secret of his? He couldn’t deny that it felt good to get it off his chest, but damn, not even Charlie knew as much as his friend did now. Just that uncle Zachariah was quite the angry evangelical who severely punished Castiel for being who he was.
“So, simply put, an accountant inputs money into various appointed accounts with the business and I, the Sales Auditor, goes over those accounts and makes sure no money is missing of hiding anywhere.”
Jo grinned. “Okay, I’ll go put the order in, enjoy.” She left with a flourish and a wink directed in Sam’s direction. He flushed ever so slightly and took a sip of his beer once she was finally gone.
Castiel continued to stare though, the look of suspicion growing in intensity. Was he judging him for something he should know about? He was going to ask but Cas beat him to it. “Should I be worried about my virtue?”
Castiel chuckled to himself and pocketed the phone so he could focus his full attention on the task at hand. He soon found he was quite disappointed in the selection this particular store offered. Most, if not all, angel costumes were geared more towards women and they were fairly skimpy.
When Dean moved two states away he made peace with the face that he would never see Castiel again. He was okay with that. But seeing him standing there on the other side of the counter, at his place of business, it brought everything back.
“It’s okay!” Dean cried as he chopped away despite it all, determination fueling him. “I’ve got this!”
Dean started laughing. “Okay, I think he’s just teasing me.” He handed the phone over to Benny so he could read. Good Lord, he felt like such a girl. This was something women did didn’t they? One would be texting their crush, the other would be monitoring the responses. But Dean didn’t have a crush on Castiel, nope, he definitely did not. Maybe once before, but not now.
Castiel wasn’t able to reply after that because Dean was suddenly being shoved up on stage by Anna and Jo both. The commotion distracted him from his conversation with Charlie. Dean was laughing, refusing to go up on stage though he didn’t seem to be putting up much of a fight since he eventually gave him. He took a moment to pick a song and what happened next nearly killed Castiel inside.
CasaNova36[4:48PM]: I love your costume, you look…Has anyone ever told you how attractive you are? You could be a God for all I know.
Sam wasn’t going to take him up on the challenge though, it was much too early for that. Instead he chuckled. “Hey, I don’t really care whether you are or you’re not. Besides, if Castiel doesn’t want me as a partner then that’s completely up to him, it’s fine with me really.”
She seemed surprised to see him for a moment but when it registered in her mind why he might be asking, that surprise turned to anger. “No, actually, I haven’t. Last I heard he was going out back to meet
He was apologizing? For what exactly? For the almost kiss? There was no need for an apology. When Castiel didn’t respond, Dean continued. “You know, before Sam came home.”
“Oh come on Cassie! It’s just a little vodka.” Okay sure, Gabe wasn’t wrong. It was just that Castiel was so used to whiskey lately that he couldn’t possibly imagine he’d be able to stomach any other kind of liquor. Though he supposed just one shot wouldn’t hurt.
They continued to talk for another twenty minutes before Casanova mentioned feeling like he needed to puke. He had drunk too much, clearly, and Dean remained on the line until he came back to tell him he was fine and that he was going to go pass out. Dean had laughed and wished him well and commanded him to drink all the water he could find.
Castiel was a little more than merely perplexed when he read the message from Posse Magnet the following morning. He stared at it for some time, debated on whether or not he should type out a reply and keep that line of communication open. It had been almost a week since they last spoke, so maybe h should just close it for good; that’s what logic told him anyway. Close it and move on even though they had developed a fairly good friendship.
The house eventually came into view and Cas could see the Impala parked out front beside the house, shining beneath the morning sun. His stomach was in knots again, an all too familiar giddiness urging him forward. Okay, find, he was excited to see Dean, so what?
Dean. It was so overwhelming that it sent his heart racing and his breath coming out in short rasps, mingling with Dean’s own heavy breathing.
Dean’s stomach grumbled once more in response. “Oh, yeah, no its fine. What are you making, it smells amazing?” He held onto the back of a dining chair and allowed himself the pleasure of observing Castiel at the stove. He still wore the clothes from last night, sans the cargo jacket. His shoes were gone too, leaving him in his socks. His hair was a bit messier too, definitely mussed up from a good night’s sleep.
But there was no going back. He had to keep moving forward no matter what. And though he wholeheartedly appreciated the distraction Becky and Charlie offered him, he couldn’t run and hide any longer.
“Alright!” Dean cheered, buzzing with energy, and well, alcohol too. He snagged a couple of fries, unceremoniously stuffing them in his mouth. “Looks like you lose again. You outa practice or something?”
Dean left Castiel with a huge grin on his face and feeling beyond accomplished. Sure, he didn’t exactly mean to basically accost the guy right there in the hallway. Okay, perhaps that was actually a lie. It was the perfect opportunity and he successfully managed to ruffle the guy’s feathers.
The sight that greeted her when the door was pulled open was one she hadn’t expected. Castiel was a mess. His eyes were bloodshot and watery, bags forming underneath them. He crumbled the moment he saw her, the tears spilling over. Charlie pulled him into a tight hug, her arms wrapped securely around him.
“Dean.” Castiel spoke at the same time, which would have made him laugh under normal circumstances, but not this time. Being face to face with this impending discussion incited fear within him. Cas spoke again. “No uh, you go ahead.”
Chugglet267[2:23PM]: Hey! I know this is completely random, but I’ve had the biggest crush on you since last semester. I’m sorry if this was weird, I just really needed to let you know.
Jo sighed, reluctant to agree but she had to. Dean was a stubborn one and he was going to do whatever he wanted despite everyone telling him the opposite. “Okay, I just…If he gets your hopes up and hurts you again, let me know. But for your sake I do hope it goes well.”
Dean appeared disappointed, but only for a brief second because he grinned and continued to flirt some more. “Well, you’re hot.”
“You’re lucky my phone had professional portrait mode on it.” Benny shrugged. They made their way down the tracks until they found the perfect spot for the photo shoot. “So how are ya, Dean? Doing okay? All things considered.”
Dean’s eyes began to mist over as each work sunk in deep into his bones like ice. Castiel was serious, deadly so, and yet Dean didn’t miss the unshed tears in those blue eyes. They misted over too; his face reddening a little with the effort to keep him reigned in.
“Why the long face brother? Cas not returning your affections?” Benny teased, dodging another ice cube that was thrown at him.
Anyways! I hope you all enjoy this chapter. Please leave all the comments and kudos! I enjoy the feedback ^_^
When nothing else came up, his stomach empty, the voices persisted, commanding him to continue. Castiel shook his head, anger welling up within him. “It’s not real, it’s not real.” He chanted; his mind focused solely on his own voice.
He settled on the sofa after fixing himself something quick to eat. To be honest, he wasn’t really all that hungry. After the events of yesterday, Castiel ached with this horrible pit in his stomach. The ached seemed to get worse when he reached for his phone and opened it to view a few old conversations between him and Dean
“You don’t think?” She arched a skeptical eyebrow. “C’mon, something had to have happened, otherwise you wouldn’t have asked me to meet you.” Castiel pushed his teriyaki around on his plate. She had a point. “You can tell me anything Cas, you know that.”
“Say I didn’t want to…You know..” Castiel’s cheeks burned and he ducked his head with the embarrassment of it. Thankfully Sam was there to put his mind at ease.
Anna made a really good point, it would have been extremely awkward and she knew it would only make Cas feel even lonelier than he already was. Since further distancing himself away from Dean, Castiel hadn’t had much in the way of luck with significant others.
“Good. Charlie is working for Microsoft and is taking extra computer courses whenever she can. And Becky is well, a Librarian to be quite literal.”
Gabriel was really starting to test his patience. What gave him the right to just butt in like this? But, then again, he did recall his brother having a sort of friendship with Dean. Still, it didn’t give him the right to shove his nose into places where it didn’t belong. “Did Dean say something to you?”
“Really!” Dean sounded shocked, whether it was real or fake, Cas wasn’t entirely sure. “A guy like you?” Dean was certainly being weird and it had to be the alcohol consumption, it just had to. There was no way he had completely forgotten about the heated moment they almost shared a couple nights ago, which, well, wouldn’t have happened in the first place if Cas actually had been seeing someone. Posse Magnet didn’t exactly count as anything regarding relationship talk has remained at a bare minimum. And if Dean really was trying to act as though nothing happened between them, well, he was certainly doing a piss poor job at it, what with all the blatant flirting.
They haven’t spoken about the issues between them yet, which Castiel was fine with. They were going at Dean’s pace anyway. As much as Cas wanted to address a few things, apologize for leaving and explain why he did it, he really didn’t want to open up that can of worms. Not yet anyway. For now, Cas was content on rebuilding their friendship and if that’s as far as they went then he would be okay with that too.
“Hmm..” He thought about it, and he really didn’t have to think too hard either. “I want to dance, for a while anyway..”
“Strictly business.” Castiel hummed. This whole situation was indeed quite bazaar. “So, essentially, it’s like a dating site I’m signing up on.”
“I sure do.” Dean grinned cheekily. It was hard to miss the way those canines peaked out over his lips, teasingly almost, and just…God…Castiel’s mouth suddenly went dry. “So, what could I get you Sunshine?”
Despite the shocking comment, from Castiel no less, they continued to shoot pool with no real score kept in mind. Dean, of course, after having been caught, found it increasingly difficult not to stare, to watch his every move. The flow of alcohol in his veins only seemed to encourage such behavior.
“There’s no pulse.” A third nurse announced as they tried to get her to cry or to move; something! Castiel could see that they were trying their hardest to get her lucid and breathing, but he just wanted to help, that maybe if he held her it might stir her to life.
Castiel shook his head. “No..He’s suffered enough. I just want him to be okay…I just, he messed up, made a million mistakes, but after all this? I don’t – “ He may not know what was in store for the future between him and Dean, but the thought of a world without him in it seemed terribly bleak, lonely…
“Look, I know what yours going to say. It’s gonna be the same thing Sam had told me and what I’ve sorta been telling myself too. But I’ll be fine. You don’t need to worry.”
He didn’t receive his results in his email until about two days later. To say Castiel was a nervous wreck was putting it a bit mildly. His heat was scheduled just about a month out, give or take so he really needed to get on the ball with this. The faster he could make some sort of a connection with someone, the better things may end up being for him.
Castiel finally climbed out and took a moment to gaze up at the house. It was decorated top to bottom in scary Halloween décor; from carved pumpkins, fake grave stones accompanied with the occasional skeleton, to the smoke machine blowing out a gentle, but creepy fog across the lawn.
When Castiel finally rid himself of his mask and really looked at Posse Magnet he had to do a double take. He couldn’t exactly comprehend who he was looking at at first, his first thought being
The choice was easy. Castiel choose Sam Winchester. He sent off his reply as soon as the decision was made and a few hours later Gabriel was home and demanding he see the photo of the man Castiel decided on.
“What about you Cas?” Dean began after taking his shot. “You do anything fancy with your degree in…Shit, what was it, accounting?” Dean’s gaze locked onto Castiel’s, the elephant practically right fucking there, invisible to the naked eye, but hell, you could practically see it written all over Dean’s face. Even he could see it.
The following day, Castiel went about his normal routine. He washed up, dressed, ate breakfast and eventually he set out to work his shift at the campus bookstore. It was different this time around, his morning, this time he did everything with a little bit of a bounce in his step. He was happy, the conversation he had with Posse Magnet the previous evening put him in a very good mood.
But before Dean or Castiel could make a hasty move, Castiel shifted nervously on his feet and spoke. “I should get going before its too late. Perhaps we should – “
Dean thought about that for a moment. He actually almost forgot about Lisa and what transpired that night at the party. How could he forget that fine piece of ass? A frustrated sigh escaped him. “Okay, then I must be Bi or something. I don’t know man; I don’t really have a full grasp on this myself.”
“No…No…I…Oh God -!” The tears finally spilled over, the pain he felt engulfed him, robbed him of all sense. A ragged sob tore itself from Castiel as he slid to the floor, his back pressed against the door.
Benny shrugged. “I’m no more seasoned than you are brother.” He reached for his shot of whiskey and held it pointedly at his friend.
“I’m sorry I’ve disappointed you in that department.” Castiel laughed. God, how he missed his friends. They always knew exactly how to make him laugh and feel better about a situation. Unfortunately their comments only made him think about Dean even more. Shit…And that dream he had…Thinking about it still heated his blood in ways it probably shouldn’t have.
Castiel shrugged, hunched over his own classwork. “I suppose another one couldn’t hurt.” When Dean got up to grab a couple more beers, Castiel grabbed the forgotten school work and looked it over carefully. “I don’t know Dean; this is looking good to me.”
CasaNova36[9:26AM]: I wish I could, but I’m running a little late. I have an errand to run before class. How about a raincheck?
Castiel didn’t protest, thought maybe he should have just for the sake of his nerves. He just needed a moment to himself to breathe and to gather his thoughts. They made it to his car a few moments later and though all Cas wanted to do was get behind the wheel and head home, he couldn’t. He needed to say something.
Everything was so different now. The last time he saw Cas under that tree he had been happy and excited to see him. The sun had been shining that day, its warmth having covered him like a warm blanket. Dean’s heart had been full and his mind swam with all sorts of possibilities for the future.
Castiel nodded as he dug his keys out of his pocket. “This is me.” He inserted the key and unlocked the door in one swift motion. The door was pushed open just enough for Castiel to take a step inside. He turned back to face Dean. “Thanks for dropping me off. And uh, for walking me to my door. You didn’t really have to.” A shy smile played at the corner of his lips.
Dean should tell him now, who he really is. He shouldn’t drag this out until the party coming up. No, he needed to own up to his own bullshit for once in his pathetic life. Dean wanted to, right then and there. His thumbs were poised and ready to type out a message that said something along the lines of “I’ve got something to tell you and you’re probably really not going to like it.”
So Castiel followed and waited where Dean instructed him to while he jogged on around back. In a couple moments Dean was seen driving the old Lincoln to the front of the building with all of his belongings still inside.
Dean shook his head and proceeded to finish his beer. “I don’t know, strip away everything and yeah, it really is strange.”
He shrugged again. “Probably. He called me earlier today with an update, which was weird….The level of professionalism was…Well, awkward. I need a new radiator, it turns out. And there was a hole in the container that holds coolant; he had that replaced.”
“I don’t know.” He glanced back over to Castiel and his friends. Of course, Cas was seated so he had a view of the whole bar, and if he looked around just right, he’d be able to see Dean clearly. “His eyes are the most ridiculous shade of blue I’ve ever seen. He’s a bit of a geek but,” He shrugged. “I don’t know, I kinda like it.”
“Hey Casanova.” Dean chuckles, suddenly really nervous, his voice a bit shaky. He took a swig of his beer to calm his nerves, but he wasn’t sure if it helped any. “I uh, I didn’t really think you’d answer.”
“Ah, well you know, the Dementia has gotten a little worse the last few months but she sure is a strong one. She wished me a good trip and wanted to hear all about it when I got back.” He chuckled and took a drink of his beer.
Panic at the Disco was currently playing and Becky was trying her hardest to pull him out onto the dance floor. “Come on Cas! Dance!” She giggled.
Posse_Magnet67[3:20PM]: Lol, give it some time man, wait a few hours. Its your choice in the end whether you want to do this or not.
Posse_Magnet67[3:53PM]: I mean…If you wanna look at it like that. Lol I wont judge ya. At least you have a sense of humor about it though.
Posse_Magnet67[3:48PM]: Haha! No, probably not. Don’t abuse it man, it could get dangerous. My old man became quite the mean drunk for a number of years and the things it did to him…Hated his guts.
Gabriel eyed the both of them curiously but eventually shook his head. “Naw, I think I’ll leave you two to it. I’ll see you at home Cassie. We can return the rental later.”
Castiel deflated, her words and Naomi’s reminder tore all the fight out of him. There really was nothing he could do here and it frustrated him to no end. All he wanted to do was rip Dean apart for messing with the wrong person. But even that wouldn’t solve anything. Besides, even Anna had no idea she had slept with the infamous Dean Winchester as she clearly never saw him in the hospital.
Castiel fumbled again with his words, sighing as he decided to just come out with it. “H-how could you tell?”
It was strange how much things could change in a couple months because now he was at another party specifically to meet the man in question, to see who was really behind the mask, the anonymity. Castiel was here to have fun and this time he was arriving with his friends dressed head to toe in some pretty amazing costumes. It was going to be a pretty insane night to be sure, but in a good way.
Anna smiled and placed a gentle hand on his arm. “Besides, we’ll be here. We won’t let anything happen.”
“It’s really not like that. Him and I are just friends and that’s all its going to be. I don’t think we would have been good together.” Okay, so he didn’t totally believe that. Maybe a part of him did, but at one point they had been real close and things were beyond amazing. The tension was high, the gravitational pull between them intense. Dean was everything he had ever wanted long ago. And damnit, they would have been great together. Cas just wished he hadn’t needed to leave…
Posse_Magnet67[1:11PM]: Well fuck…lol I guess you’re right. I never even thought of it that way. How is it you’re able to detect what my subconscious is saying but I can’t?
Castiel shrugged, a strange sense of feeling marginally smaller than Sam by way of occupation difference alone. “I work at a used book store. Luci’s Used Books to be exact.”
Castiel looked over to see Dean shaking his head in disbelief, a smile playing at his lips. “Not at all.”
Posse_Magnet67[2:38PM]: It is so! It’s funny, they always tell you to beware of the innocent ones. Who knew it was true?
Castiel took the chair to Dean’s right, smiling. “I’m glad you’re awake. I was worried about you...” He looked sincere, his eyes showing every bit of his concern.
Becky chose that moment to interrupt their conversation with her excitement. “There you guys are! You’ve gotta see Ash!! Quick! He’s gonna do a keg stand!”
CasaNova36[11:33PM]: I am. And I must say, I don’t know how monks abstain for so long when it feels this good.
He waited with baited breath for Castiel to reply, his eyes trained on the screen. As if that would help him reply faster.
They were both on their second beer when Castiel changed the subject. “So, how did you get to know Gabriel?” He relaxed into his spot on the couch. “I must admit I was a little shocked at the party.”
Pamela shrugged, a grin playing at her lips. “I just know the look. I think you’d be a lot happier.”
It had been only an hour since Charlie hit the execute button and she was growing rather impatient for the results. Sure, it might have been only an hour but why should it even take that long? If it was Dean that was hiding behind the proverbial mask then surely it wouldn’t take long to find any connection to other social media accounts, or to even pull up an email address.
He continued to search the racks before moving onto the accessories where he found the perfect mask. It wasn’t anything too elaborate and it’d work perfectly in covering the full top half of his face, leaving his mouth exposed beneath an angled cut. It may not fit the theme of being an angel, but it would work in disguising himself until the time arose that he could remove it.
“You too.” Jo turned to Castiel, a curious look in her eye, hand on one hip. “So who’s this? You hop in the dating pool finally?”
Castiel rolled his eyes, glaring as though it were obvious. “My doctor is a quack.” He reached over the counter and stole one of the homemade powdered donut holes Gabriel had cooling on a rack. He popped it in his mouth, chewing thoughtfully while Gabriel waited for him to elaborate.
The smell of cooked food continued to waft into the bedroom and after taking a few minutes to gather himself, it eventually lured him out to the land of the living.
Bio: Hello! I’m Sam. I’m a paramedic with Lawrence Memorial Hospital and I aspire to be a doctor someday. I’m still in school, constantly learning and growing in order to do the best I can to help other people. I’m a pretty active guy. I try to go to the gym a few times a week and I run most mornings before my shift. I’m not always on the go, I can sit back and relax with a beer and cozy up to some Netflix
In truth, Dean’s never really been one to walk away from a pretty face, be it male or female. He’s just had plenty more experience with that of the fairer sex.
None of it mattered now, Dean was happy too. He was back to his old self, living with and working for Bobby. His life was great! He didn’t need Cas, nope, that was a chapter better left alone. Dean was supposed to hate him right now anyway, not wanna pull him across the counter and huge the shit out of him, you know, in a friendly, “I haven’t seen you in forever! How ya been?” kind of way. Naw, not at all.
Posse_Magnet67[11:29PM]: Would you allow me to kiss you? I’ve never kissed a man before but I’ve never wanted to more than now.
“Amazing..” Dean finished for her. Indeed it was too. This was what he needed, a reminder of who he was, what he liked, and oh, he liked Pamela. She was the perfect distraction, at least for the time being.
They took their seats, Dean ordered two beers to start with. “So, who’s bright idea was it to name you Castiel?” He asked after taking a swig.
As Charlie was describing the girl to him, Castiel noticed some movement out of the corner of his eye. He glanced over to see Dean leaning against the frame of the archway that separated the kitchen from the dining room, a beer in hand. Their eyes locked and Castiel watched as Dean took a sip of his beer before tipping it off to him, a grin plastered on his face.
Castiel nodded. “Yes, unfortunately.” He glanced between the two, eyes landing on Charlie when he recalled she had something she wanted to talk to him about, something about Dean. The look on her face had been concerning when she mentioned it, which in turn worried Cas. He needed to know what she was going to tell him. “Becky, uhm, do you think I could speak to Charlie alone?”
Castiel shrugged as he looked through the costumes on another rack, though he wasn’t really looking at anything in particular. “I don’t know, maybe an angel."
The embrace surprised him, but it was most welcome. He wrapped his arms rightly around her and buried his face in her shoulder. He may not ever be ready to tell her everything but perhaps he didn’t really need to at all. She understood his struggles, his pain, and the fact that she braved the men’s room to aid him spoke volumes.
Castiel couldn’t respond as he was too busy trying his hardest to keep his anger in check. So Dean replied. “Uh, well, yeah. We did anyway.” He chuckled, nervously wetting his lips. “Cas…Uh – “
Charlie pressed on, looking for more photos but there wasn’t anything too lude or shirtless she could lump together with the couple photos Castiel had shown her. Not even on Sam’s profile, which he seemed to log into fairly often.
I write all my stuff on Microsoft word, So I had hoped to simply copy paste on rich text. Well that didnt work. So i copy pasted it on HTML and then switched it. Everything was jumbled together! I had to go through it all!
If Casanova and Castiel were one and the same then why would he refuse Dean’s help but accept a near stranger’s? It made no sense. Whatever he was going through, the dude needed all the help he could get especially when you factored in his need to use alcohol to drown whatever it was that needed drowning.
He took the shot that was placed in front of him, having noticed just how easily it was now to toss them back. Dean tossed his back as well and returned his attention back onto their basket of fries. “Well, here’s where you are mistaken. I’m not really interested in women.” Dean just stared, munching away on the fries and when he didn’t say anything Castiel clarified himself with a chuckle. “I like men, Dean. I figured after the other night you would have had some sort of an idea.”
“Holy hell!” He turned to see Charlie standing outside his door, anger written all over her face. Dean rolled down his window. “Charlie? What are you -?”
The exchange had distracted Charlie for a bit and though Ash had decided to book a flight, she still felt the urge to confront Dean herself. It would save everyone involved so much time, and money as it happened.
“I’m so glad you’re okay!” Charlie cried, punching him in his good shoulder. “Why didn’t you call us sooner?”
Castiel took a sip of his drink to help calm his nerves. At least he can blame the color in his face on the liquor. “Yes I am, why?” He surprised himself at how clam he sounded. He thought for sure that his nerves would betray him. Thank God for vodka. Castiel took another sip for good measure.
“No!” Castiel looked to Mathew in the hopes that he had some answers but all that he was met with was a silent, grief stricken expression on his face, his eyes red rimmed and full of tears he refused to let fall. “Mathew, please…Our baby...”
“Hey man, how’s it going?” Dean’s sudden appearance must have shocked the other guy because Castiel nearly jumped out of his skin.
Castiel felt a new routine taking shape. He had awoken that morning and without thinking about it, he grabbed the bottle of jack and took a swig. He told himself that he would be okay; just a sip of whiskey in the morning, afternoon and before bed perhaps, on the rare occasion.
“It’s totally okay. We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to. And hey, we also don’t have to get into anything serious right now. We have a month to get to know each other right? Why don’t we take it a little slow, go out a few times and then we can figure it out. Does that sound alright?”
He rolled over onto his back and pulled himself free, his thumb rolling over the tip and catching the pre-cum that built up there and stroked himself down. Cas shit his eyes, his mind replaying the dream and over and over as he worked himself. He fantasized about plump lips wrapped around his cock, how his fingers carded through short cropped hair. He thought about how good it felt to be filled, to be so close to…To Dean. He remembered how real it felt to have him thrust in and out, his eyes locked on Castiel’s, those beautiful green eyes blown wide.
Posse_Magnet67[9:48AM]: I’m sorry man, I know the feeling…But you’ll make it through. I’m sure of it.
Okay, so Castiel sort of walked into this one. His reply warranted the one Dean followed it. It didn’t even matter how the dude took it, fuck it.
He looked up from his steering wheel to see the guy he hit had already hopped out of his car and was assessing the damage and oh, boy, he did not look happy. “Son of a bitch!” The man hollered.
“Later Ash! Come on guys!” Becky ushered them back inside, Castiel glancing back one last time to see that Posse Magnet had left. He was a little disappointed to have seen him disappear, but his hear sang at their first in person interaction, no matter how small it was.
Castiel fixed him with a hard stare, warning him with a silent ‘don’t you dare’. “I swear to God Gabe, if you weren’t my brother,”
Castiel’s laugh interrupted him. “I wouldn’t mind it at all Dean.” There, right there. The fond expression in his eyes and in that smile told Dean everything he needed to know. Castiel felt something for him too, and Dean, God help him, he was ready to dive in head first. He could do this.
Something had been clearly wrong, something hidden. Castiel had commanded Dean to take his leave with such vehemence and anger that he almost wondered if it were really Castiel standing there. He had never seen the man so angry before as he always kept a pretty calm demeaner. It was so unlike him.
Now, preparing for a first date is one thing. You’re full of excitement and anticipation for the coming evening, whether you’re meeting the other person for the first time, or you’re spending time with the other person in a more romantic, exploratory sort of atmosphere than you’re used to. You stress over what to wear, what would be the best combination of clothing to impress your date would be. Should you forgo your scent blockers? Or should you wear a cologne designed to enhance you’re pheromones and natural scent? There was a huge laundry list of things to consider depending on the situation.
“This whole situation with Dean…As much as you may care for him, it’s only ever caused you pain, mentally and now physically. You need to take a massive step back.”
“Nothing, nothing. Don’t worry about it, listen.” Gabe placed a firm hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “I know things aren’t really going how you wished they would.”
“I can’t…Sammy, he’s gone. It’s my fault...All of it…I can’t fix it…I can’t.” Dean cried, his face buried in his brother’s chest. His heart ached, his gut roiled with anxiety and fear of the unknown.
He finished up his nightly routine and carefully sneaked back across the hall to his room. Unfortunately for him though, he could hear their muffled voices through the wall they happened to share between their rooms. He was certainly not looking forward to hearing them throughout the night.
“Uh, dude, I’m baring my soul here and you’re laughing?” Grumbling, he added. “I knew I shouldn’t have said anything.”
As if that were at all easy. There was just one little problem with that. Dean’s been talking and flirting with Casanova who happened to be Castiel, for a couple months! It was an incredibly fucked up situation and Dean was certain there was a special place in hell for people like him.
The man Castiel hit was livid and currently glaring daggers at him, waiting expectantly. There were cars backed up behind him, honking their horns to get everyone to move, most in the back not even aware of what happened up ahead. There were plenty of bystanders too, watching curiously, some shaking their head in disappointment. It all made the panic within Castiel that much worse. He has never been in a car accident before in his life, especially not one that he had caused. He’s always been very careful on the road.
“No…” Castiel choked. “God…I’m so sorry Claire…Daddy’s sorry.” He bent to kiss the top of her head and sobbed when he felt just how cold she really was. This was it, his worst nightmare come to fruition. His dream of raising his own pup was completely shattered. He’d never be able to chase away the monsters in her closet or underneath her bed, or kiss her boo-boos better.
The entire place was decorated too. There were cobwebs everywhere, illuminated by dark Halloween lights, old and tattered looking drapes hung over table surfaces with fake candles burning in the center. There were even a couple fog machines strategically placed throughout the house, blowing out a gentle fog.
They sat there in a surprisingly comfortable silence for a little while, both content on enjoying each other’s company. It was so strange, but Cas had to admit it was kind of nice. They called a truce and it seemed to life some of the weight off his shoulders.
“How about a round of shots!” Anna announced and wandered back over to the bar, leaving Dean and Castiel alone together.
Benny shrugged. “I don’t know. Maybe because even though he screwed you over big time, I know you. You’re gonna be stubborn and so the opposite of what everyone else says. No matter what Dean, you always go after what you want, even if you don’t know what you want at the time. You still seem to gravitate towards it. So, while I say to be wary of him, I’ll stand behind you in whatever choices you make. And hey, maybe Cas has changed and I hope to God he has for your sake.”
CasaNova36[4:11Pm]: I guess I would consider myself gay. I’ve tried my hardest not to admit it, but no matter how hard I try to correct it, the way I feel, I can’t.
“What’s up guys?” Gabriel greeted in return. He gave Ash a confused look. “Uhm, dude, where’s your costume?”
CasaNova36[11:35AM]: It’s odd…I have spent most of these past few years telling myself its wrong, being attracted to the same sex. So much so that it became second nature. But, whenever I let my guard down, or I talk to you, I begin to question everything.
CasaNova36[4:10PM]: I don’t know, I haven’t really given it a label. It doesn’t really help that I was taught that it was wrong to be attracted to the same sex, that its sinful.
Thankfully he didn’t have to start working for another week or so – hello PTO – but with that came with working around his sister’s schedule if he wanted to go anywhere and Cas absolutely hated relying on other people.
“Not while you and were close! At the beginning, yes, but then – “ Castiel suddenly broke out in a fit of laughter, prompting Dean to glance over, concerned. The dude was laughing and crying. “It’s fucking laughable! The whole thing…All this time we were talking to each other…we were so close, too close, and yet…”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I’m not planning on scaring any children. And I don’t really think I need to justify my reasoning here.”
“Yeah, I mean, I still have your photos…And that one night was pretty uh, intense. How can I not think about it?”
“C-Cas.” Dean reached out carefully, but Cas shoved his arm away on instinct, anger taking root. “Don’t touch me.”
Dean shot him a look before knocked some cue balls into their appointed pockets. “Why are you so cool with this?”
Castiel turned to look at Dean. “Are you two dating?” The question came without much thought behind it, but it was a concern.
Shit, that made a ton of sense. While he was upset with the fact that Dean and Anna had slept together, and while it was valid, arguing with them both brought everything rushing back. The anger and the temptation to rip Dean limb from limb being a defense mechanism made sense.
Im actually kinda surprised with how quick I got this chapter out for you guys lol I had so much to move around and some things to re-plan. But as soon as I knew what was going to happen I couldnt put my pen down lol
When Dean finally made it home, he had a new message from Casanova waiting for him. He smiled as he read it.
Castiel was suddenly reminded of a time when he himself was horrible hungover and how pleased he was to see Sam at his doorstep with Taco Bell. A kind gesture from Dean himself. Though he was happy to see Sam, Cas had wondered what would have happened if Dean had been at his door instead. Perhaps they could have resolved things before everything fell apart all over again.
He pretended to hate him in order to avoid feeling guilty about being attracted to other men, but it was difficult to. An image flashed through is mind, a memory that threatened to ruin his day. A tall man dressed in a very fine suit, had spoken to him in that dreadful nasally voice of his to hate the demons inside of him, to hate this version of himself that the Devil created within him. “Man shall not lie with another man as he does with a woman. It is an abomination and so shall he be punished.” The man had preached. Castiel learned to believe it with ever fiber of his being; that and so much more.
Posse_Magnet67[9:42AM]: I don’t really think so. I don’t consider myself to be one cause’ I’ve done exactly that…I might joke about it Lol…Hell, maybe I am one. So, other than the hangover, how are you feeling today?
“A story for another time then?” Dean asked as he leaned over to set his beer on the table. He wasn’t necessarily looking for an answer it seemed, as it was more a statement than a question.
Posse_Magnet67[1:22PM]: Nuh uh, people don’t need to know I have an account on this app. Why don’t you call me… Squirrel?
Castiel sighed. “Fine.” The passenger door was unlocked and he climbed inside. Oh boy, was it a huge mistake too. With the door closed he was completely engulfed in everything that was Dean. From the smell of the leather interior, to the air freshener and to Dean himself; it was near intoxicating. He idly ran his hand along the armrest on the door. “This is a really nice car.”
“Dean, don’t be insensitive.” She fixed him with a look. “You guys may not have dated, but from what he told me years ago, you guys had something real. It just fell apart before he could really enjoy it. For Castiel, being who he is and what he went through, that’s almost worse. He nearly had something truly good and when it turned sour he had to make sacrifices.”
The message made Castiel smile, however he was still a bit worried and maybe a little too stuck in his head. What happened felt good, amazing, but he felt another emotion, one that made him feel all kinds of weird and uncomfortable.
Fuck it. He was going to make the call. He could pretend like he wasn’t totally concerned, was worth a shot.
Castiel set his phone back down and once again, Dean’s phone buzzed with a new message from Casanova.
Castiel[10:20AM]: You think you’re so funny lol Yeah, that’ll be fine. I’m sure we’ll be given homework today, so we can work on that too.
“It’s okay, I’ve got this.” Castiel wiped his eyes on his sleeve and returned to slicing into the angry onion, except it didn’t seem to help in the slightest. Tears continued to slide down his cheeks and despite his determination; Castiel couldn’t help but laugh too.
Castiel grinned. “To passing grades.” They clinked their glasses together and shot back the liquor, and Castiel immediately regretted it. “Tequila.” He ground out with much difficulty, the liquor still burning down his throat and settling uncomfortably in his stomach.
Castiel groaned at the tantalizing image, his free hand sliding his loose fitting pants down over his hips. His cock sprung free, hard and aching, resting there against his stomach.
Dean nodded; hands shoved deep in his pockets. “Yeah, I uh, I think I may have gotten the wrong impression back there.”
Where…? Oh God, had Cas…? A sense of panic overcame him, he needed to get up, needed to find Castiel, to see if he was okay. “Cas…Where..” He coughed as soon as he found his voice, albeit incredibly raspy. He struggled to free himself from all the wires, but he was too weak to even give it a good try.
Dean laughed and shrugged his shoulders as he clinked his glass with hers and then Castiel’s. Castiel flushed with embarrassment as he glared across the table at his sister. Cas took his shot and instantly felt some of the tension ease from his shoulders as the liquor coursed through his veins, however his annoyance at his sister remained.
“Cas, you have a very kind heart…I know how much he’s meant to you and I know you’re torn, but you’ve gotta think about yourself in this. Dean will get better, but you need to look out for yourself.”
The past few days came and went in a blur, the memory of what almost happened with Castiel still very vivid in his mind. He still felt like an idiot, even though the more he thought about it the more certain he was that Castiel had leaned into him, had nodded his head at his question. He had to have.
Castiel stepped inside and was greeted by loud music and a mad crush of students, all with either a beer bottle in hand or a red solo cup with God knows what inside. He didn’t recognize any of his friends in the crowd just yet, so he found himself a spot beside the fireplace to blend in and take a moment to get used to his surroundings. He pulled out his phone and smiled as he signed into the University’s chat room app. His finger hovered over the username he grew so accustomed to for the past three weeks and clicked on it, his thumbs typing out a quick message.
Castiel nodded and jumped from the table and rushed to the sink to wash his hands and face. “I forgot how much I hate onions.” He laughed as he dabbed his eyes with a paper towel. He watched Dean finish cutting up the onion, but as luck would have it, the damn thing still had some fight left in it.
Though logic dictated that she should wait a few minutes before heading up to his room to ensure Castiel didn’t suspect anything, Charlie didn’t care. Once the call was over, she rushed to his door, practically running.
The pair laughed when they spoke at the same time. Though comical, it made things just a little bit more awkward. “You can go first Dean.”
Hell, Posse Magnet was drunk too, they both could be blind. Cas didn’t care though. As Posse Magnet promised they had the most fun two people could have at a Halloween part. He hoped after this reveal they could have more fun and he hoped even more that that included more making out.
Castiel entered his dorm room and found the bottle right where he left it; on the coffee table. He unscrewed the top, put it to his lips and drank. His face scrunched up at the burn of the liquid on his tongue and down his throat and a part of him almost regretted it for the taste alone. Especially on an empty stomach. He certainly didn’t like it, none of it was enjoyable, but it did help. Once the burn down his throat settled and the warmth spread out from his belly, he felt better.
Castiel glanced at Dean, briefly, but God, he looked so sad. Where was that award winning smile he had grown so accustomed to? “I uh, yes I have.” It was a loaded response, but it was true. As obvious as Dean’s feelings seemed to be, Castiel couldn’t have him. There was so much Dean didn’t know about him, things he knew would send him running. And Castiel just didn’t feel right fueling the fire while he was speaking to someone else.
“Charlie! Me and Ga - er – Loki here would love it if you took our photo.” Becky was hanging on his arm and though she was a bit much at times, Gabe didn’t seem to mind entertaining her for the evening.
“Yeah, well, I don’t know. I’m not looking forward to picking up my car whenever it’s done, that’s for sure.”
“Jo! Hey!” Dean leapt off of his stool and hugged her tightly, lifting her off her feet and effectively making her giggle. “How was your vacation? Where’d you go again?” He asked after releasing his hold on her.
Something was a bit off though, something was significantly different about his car. Cas furrowed his brows in confusion, his head cocked curiously to one side as he tried to figure it out. “Dean?” Cas started once Dean got out of the car and handed him the keys.
Castiel immediately averted his gaze, heat rising uncomfortably up to his cheeks. “Uhm, Charlie, if you don’t mind, I’m going to find the bathroom.” He didn’t give her much time to reply before he darted off down the hall.
Posse_Magnet67[3:48PM]: Good question…Well, you could always take a picture of yourself, maybe holding a sign with your username on it. Or mine.
Castiel spent the remainder of his shift debating his choice of costume for Halloween. He thought really hard about it. Maybe he could dress up as an angel, but what Alistair told him.
Castiel gave Dean a sheepish smile once he finally took his seat. He wanted to speak, to tell him he really enjoyed his singing or to tell him he had no idea he could even do so, but the words wouldn’t come out. So, he swallowed the words behind a bite of pizza.
Dean gave a small wave, clearly surprised as well to see Castiel sitting here with Sam, who was incredibly confused by the whole exchange. “Wait, you two know each other?”
He looked at Dean again. “I’ve huh…I already have my transfer papers ready to be turned in. I’ll be finishing up the quarter online and at the start of next quarter I’ll be gone.”
Staying over at Charlie’s dorm had been a welcomed reprieve. Becky had been ecstatic when Charlie mentioned having an old-fashioned sleepover fit with popcorn, candy and an endless array of Netflix movies and shows. Becky had insisted they start watching The Vampire Diaries and there was a newer one she was adamant about, something along the lines of “Daybreak”.
“Yeah, well in my fantasy I can dance. And…” His voice dropped an octave. “If you don’t kiss me first then you can expect that I’ll kiss you. Of course, where that may lead will be anyone’s guess.”
He finished off his whiskey and motioned for a third glass. The bartender heeded his request and Dean sipped on it, a wave of calmness settling over him. The whiskey more than likely may have been the cause of that sudden calmness, but Dean didn’t care. As long as he didn’t feel that sense of hopelessness in the pit of his stomach, he was fine.
If he reared his ugly head then he’ll drown it with liquor. He’ll fight it tooth and nail if he had to. One thing was for damn sure, he didn’t want to feel that helpless ever again.
Dean’s phone buzzed with the incoming of a text. With a sigh, he grabbed his phone off of the nightstand. His heart stopped cold when he saw who it was from. Castiel.
Castiel looked at him incredulously. “I’m certain he does. He kind of hunted me down after everything happened, swore he was going to kill me if I stuck my nose in where it didn’t belong.”
“What is it about him that you like all of a sudden?” Benny thanked the waitress as she brought over their shots and told them that their wings will be out shortly.
Well, there was no backing out now, especially not as Castiel followed Dean up to the bar to take their seats. Screw it. Castiel was going to let go of his worries for one night and enjoy his time with Dean. Life was too short.
She scratched a few more notes on her notepad. “Well, a fresh start is always good. You’ve come quite a long ways Castiel, and I’m proud of you. You must be proud of yourself too.”
But I'm also in the process of moving in with my boyfriend and its very sad packing everything up when youve been living with ur best friend for 5 years! :(( So I apologize if my updates are slow, im just busy at the moment.
“Yeahh, I suppose I did.” He laughed. “You know how it goes; desperate times calls for desperate measures.”
Cas turned to him to explain. “I’m mentally ill. I’m not okay, I haven’t been for a very long time and it’s taken me years to finally realize it.”
So they rushed back to her apartment – her name was Pamela, right? – and tore each other’s clothes off in a mad rush down the hall to her bedroom. Fuck yes, she was perfect, definitely what Dean needed. He let out a guttural moan when he was finally able to sink and bury himself deep inside of her. She was tight, wet, and vocal. Oh, God, was she vocal in the best fucking way.
When Claire was finally taken away, Castiel turned to his mate and sobbed into his chest, a vast, empty void filling his gut. He knew having a child was going to be a life changing experience, an ultimately rewarding experience he had been prepared for. But this…This was beyond anything he could have imagined. The pain he felt, the overwhelming sense of hopelessness, it was worse than a simple case of pining sickness.
“I was eight when it happened.” Dean’s voice cracked at the end, the memories suddenly hitting him all at once. “I failed her man. I…If I were older, stronger, I…I could.” He gazed up at the ceiling as though it could help him will the tears to stay put, to keep from falling. It was no use though because they fell anyways once he saw Castiel crawl over the other side of him, settling close.
God, how Castiel was nervous, excited too but nervous as hell. His palms grew clammy, a sensation he hadn’t felt in such a long time. He wiped his hands on his jeans and turned on the television to distract himself.
ALSO!! Everyone wish Jess, my sister from another mister a HUUUUUGE happy birthday! ^_^ Love that bitch! lol
“Of course, anytime. I’ll call you again later with an update and hopefully you get to pick it up soon.”
That was understandable. Though the way they had parted, the way Dean grew absolutely desperate for him in those last moments, he thought for sure Dean would scour the earth in search of him. Or, you know, at least ask around.
“Alright! So, you’ve never played pool before?” Dean asked Cas, taking the chalk and running it over the end of the pool cue.
“Don’t get smart with me boy, need I remind you who kicked who’s ass last month and took all your money?” Bobby arched a brow, a fond laugh bubbling up from his chest.
Needless to say Castiel and Dean didn’t really say another word to each other until his uncle Bobby pulled up to tow both of their cars. Castiel retrieved his shopping bags from his car when Dean offered to give him a lift to the auto-shop. He declined of course, stating that his brother should be almost there.
Watching Posse Magnet leave him there on the dance floor was challenging, albeit with the promise of finally taking off their masks. Cas didn’t want this to end, but he also couldn’t wait to see who lied beneath the mask, to see who this wonderful man was that Cas felt such a deep connection to. It was insane. Posse Magnet was a mere stranger, and to feel something so strong as this was near impossible.
“Wait, I wasn’t stalking you.” Castiel didn’t believe him, the look on his face said it all. “Okay, fine, maybe I was. A little. But C’mon man, I guess I’m a little desperate here. I absolutely cannot fail another class.”
Dean watched as Castiel and the strange man beside him make their way across the lot and to the main office, presumably to collect the old beat up Lincoln some might consider a car. It was agreed upon then that maybe Dean should give his brother some damn credit, because that kid was a fucking psychic. Even he couldn’t deny the pull Dean felt towards the omega.
However, Dean called out to him and placed a hand gently on his shoulder to grab his attention. “Hey, uh, Cas. I wanted to show you something real quick if that’s okay.”
“Yes.” Castiel nodded. “It’s nice to meet you Sam. Dean’s told me a little bit about you.” The Winchester brothers were quite the handsome pair, there was denying it. Sam was a bit boyish, young, his brown hair covering his forehead and curling at the nape of his neck. The guy was tall too, lanky, but broadly built.
“I’m what?” Cas sexual? Was that even a thing? He thought about it a moment and well, he wasn’t sure but maybe Sam was right about that one thing. Perhaps Dean wasn’t exactly bi. He’s thought men were attractive before but he’s never once tried making the moves on one before, let alone have feelings for one.
“Are you trying to hit on me Anna?” He whispered, leaning in just a fraction. He glanced quickly over at Cas who was currently nursing a beer poured from the well, rather uncomfortably mind you. “I thought that wasn’t allowed anymore.”
“Ah, no, not yet. Uhm, there is something I need to tell you though.” He scratched the back of his head nervously, avoiding eye contact with her for a moment.
“He’s a student here?!” Charlie gasped, shocked. “Okay, so let me get this straight. You met on the app, he’s a student here and you haven’t met yet, why not?”
Castiel glanced down at his almost empty glass. “Oh, uhm, Charlie called it an AMF, she suggested – “But his sentence was cut short by Dean’s laughter.
Dean tossed an ice cube at him in retaliation. “Contrary to uh, popular belief,” Dean slurred. “Marriage isn’t for everyone.”
The song changed then, the energy of it different and Cas felt his wave of emotion come over him. As the first verse plated, he turned around in Posse Magnet’s arms and gazed up at him.
“Nine Fifteen.” Benny laughed on the other line. “Ah, you’ll make it Dean. Professor Shurley isn’t even here yet either.”
“My best idea yet.” Castiel took a sip of his whiskey. “So what are you up to other than talking to me?”
“You’re thinking about it too hard. Go with your gut. Maybe mention having a crush on him or something. No one really knows him on there based on his profile, right? So, if you come at him with a forward confession, then he’s bound to demand who you are.”
With Dean nearly staggering to the restroom, Castiel turned to their bartender who had just handed him the check. He paid the bill, giving the man a generous tip before Dean came back just moments later.
Castiel smiled, eyes squinting a bit from the afternoon sun. It was quite warm already, the coming summer proving to be quite promising already. “Of course Dean. I had fun. Thanks for lunch, though I’m afraid I won’t be able to eat anything else for a week. I’m quite full.” They both laughed.
Dean thought with Charlie gone he could finally breathe again. But that was the furthest thing from the truth. With her gone, the sense of dread was nearly all consuming. He was hesitant to move forward, to even speak to Casanova for the fear of spilling his guts and baring his soul to the guy. The guilt weighed heavily on him and he knew he shouldn’t continue to drag it out further at this point.
Posse_Magnet67[9:44PM]: But so is your mental health…Hey, you aren’t at the Kappa Theta house party, are you?
However, Castiel couldn’t exactly call out the elephant in the room, unprompted. So he did the next best thing and pulled out his phone to text Charlie. He needed to confide in her about what was currently unfolding.
He staggered down the hall and into the living room, his mind wandering back to the events of last night. He remembered very little, bits and pieces. When he really thought about it, he couldn’t recall ever having as much fun as he did last night. Castiel’s presence alone was a balm to all the worries that plagued him from day to day. The thought of Castiel brought a warm smile to his face.
To put it lightly, Castiel didn’t care much for him. Dean represented everything he wasn’t. The man partied too much, was very disruptive in both the classes they shared together – Calculus and Theology – and he was quite the lady’s man. He was basically a jock, sans the sports. At least that’s what he told himself. Truth was was that Castiel was painfully attracted to Dean, which alone went against his entire upbringing. So, he figured it would just be easier to convince himself he didn’t like the guy. And yet, Castiel stood there, eyes wide like a deer in headlights as Dean drew near. Of course, he was just as surprised to learn that him and his brother were friends by the looks of it.
“Don’t beat yourself up Dean.” Castiel started, tentatively placing a hand on top of Dean’s. He gave it a light, reassuring squeeze. Dean stiffened a bit, a blush creeping onto his face. With some mustered up courage, Castiel continued. “Regardless of what did or didn’t happen, I had a lot of fun tonight.”
Dean just pushed the fries around in the basket, lost in thought. This was stupid, he shouldn’t have brought anything up to begin with cause’ now Benny was waiting on an answer. Did he actually have a bit of a thing for Castiel? If he did, it couldn’t be anything more than lust. He didn’t do the whole feelings thing; it just wasn’t done.
Castiel [10:24PM]: Lol Accepted. I wish I could answer that, but I haven’t one to give. I could ask you the same thing though. Why are your eyes so fucking green?
Their bartender removed the empty bottle and upon Dean’s request he replaced it with a second one. “Not exactly. I uh, I saw some shit when I was a kid. Things no child should ever have to witness.”
There was that image that popped in his head just as Castiel fell over the edge. The one of Dean smiling warmly at him, eyes crinkling at the corners. Why that image popped up in his mind when it did, he didn’t know. It unnerved him a bit and he felt terrible for mixing the two.
The guy may be on the verge of going into heat – and who knows, maybe that was why Dean’s body was reacting in such strange ways – but what would one roll in the hay hurt? Scrubbed mark be damned. So the guy’s previous mate left him? Who was he really to judge? And besides, Sam pretty much told him to ask the guy out already…So…And it wasn’t like Sam was dating him or anything..
That’s when it happened. In the midst of Castiel’s racing thoughts and confusion, he was completely distracted and hadn’t realized the cars ahead of him had come to a dead stop at a red light until it was too late. “Shit!” He slammed on his breaks as hard as he could but it was no use. His tires squealed against the pavement in a poor attempt to stop and he slammed right into the back of the older car in front of him.
“I don’t. But he’s got this really nasty mating scar that’s clearly been scrubbed. A little too heavy for my taste.” He relaxed in his seat on the couch, spread out and leaving Sam very little room as per usual. They really needed to invest in a bigger couch.
Castiel finished his cereal and put his bowl away in the sink. Dean hadn’t replied back for a little while and Cas wondered if he might have said something wrong. He couldn’t have though, it was the truth and Cas tended to worry about those he cared about. Dean shouldn’t risk ending up in the hospital because he decided he was going to drive home drunk. It worried him…Especially after seeing him lying there the last time…
“I was shocked if my heart rate rose abnormally or if my brain scans indicated any sort of interest in the images shown to me. I tried so hard Charlie. I didn’t want to react to the images of men, but I couldn’t help it. After each of those sessions I was punished. I was locked away, isolated with nothing but my own thoughts. I was given one meal a day and if I needed bathing it was a cold wash down. Freezing actually.”
An image of Dean Winchester popped in his head, shocking at first, but fuck it, he went with it. There he was, Dean, lying in his bed, his legs bare and spread slightly apart. His left hand stroked his cock unforgivingly, green eyes never leaving Castiel’s. His eyes would be blown wide, cheeks flushed. Jesus, the image along had Cas nearly spilling into his hand already. “F-fuck..Yes, I wanna watch you..” He continued to stroke himself, his thumb catching the bead of pre-cum and spreading it along the tip.
Castiel nodded as he finished up Sam’s drink. “Things could be worse.” He looked at Dean then. “I’m doing okay.”
“And what might that be, huh?” Dean swiveled around on his stool to face Gabriel. “He didn’t want to tell me, said something about having work to do?” Honestly, what did that even mean? Cas had looked incredibly sad yesterday morning, as though he really didn’t want to break things off, but that he had to? What sort of work did the guy need to do?
A few minutes later Castiel pulled into the entrance to the Singer Salvage Yard and followed Dean’s directions to continue on straight down the gravel path instead of right which lead to the auto shop. So, he pressed onwards, passed the stacks of old beat up vehicles that no longer served a purpose and others that looked generally okay. They probably used some of those for spare parts.
If Castiel heard correctly, he swore he heard Dean growl threateningly low in his throat which, oh dear, it did things to Castiel, wonderful, pleasant things to his body. “Oh…Well, it’s nice to meet you on much better terms this time, Dean.” He smiled up at the alpha. The snarl on Dean’s face instantly disappeared when he saw Castiel’s outstretched hand. He shook it and beamed, showing off a hint of those sharp canines in a flirtatious grin that was hard to mistake.
After a few more minutes of deliberating on what to they wanted to eat, they finally decided to order. Dean opted for the garlic herb wings, curly fries and a cheeseburger while Benny ordered a Rueben sandwich, which according to Benny, it was freakin amazing.
“What? No! Uh, no, it’s fine. Besides, this is where my other problem comes in.” Charlie looked real interested now, eyes focused, poised on the edge of her seat. “I have a friend who I have been talking to lately.”
Castiel couldn’t allow himself to appear that weak. Not to Sam who seemed incredibly caring and genuine. It didn’t matter. He had to have some sense of self-preservation.
Like this fucking guilt he had for taking advantage of Casanova – Castiel – the other night. Why the hell didn’t he just tell him to slow down? Castiel was drunk and more than willing for anything. But Dean being the type of asshole that he was, he went right along with it.
“Okay, uhm, well thanks. I appreciate it. So, how much do I owe you?” He reached into his back pocket and pulled out his wallet, flipping it open for his credit card.
Bobby popped the top off of a beer he pulled from the fridge and took a swig before continuing. “You know, legend has it that the Angel of Thursday was instructed to raise a man from hell, a righteous man according to the texts. The angel, although only instructed to raise the man, remained on earth longer than intended and eventually fell in love with humanity. He turned his back on Heaven and its forces to fight battles alongside his charge for many years.”
Dean [8:16PM]: He moved down to Louisiana a couple years ago. Family stuff and what not. His mom is sick so he went and finished school down there and is taking care of her.
Geez, he had been worse off than he thought. Brain swelling? Dean reached up and felt the bandage wrapped around his head. Fuck…He was going to have one hell of a bald spot, wasn’t he?
“You’re telling me!” Dean laughed. “But naw, he moved in with his sister. His car fucked up on the drive up here and had it towed to Bobby’s. Trust me, when I saw him there at the damn counter I bout damn near had a heart attack.” He finished off his beer in a few short pulls. “But here’s the kicker! You remember that red head I told you about a few months back?”
Castiel shrugged. “It was, but I don’t know, things are marginally better now. Well, aside from needing a heat partner, not that you’re not pleasant to be around, Sam, not at all.”
Castiel’s eyes widened, a bit of worry lining them. He had no idea. “You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to Dean.”
Theres depictions here, graphic depictions of what Castiel went through in the past. There's violence, theres substance abuse, or at least the beginning signs of it, and theres a scene further towards the end that I myself was a bit hesitant to write and include in the chapter.
They turned to see Bobby enter the living room and head towards the kitchen where they were. “Hey Bobby! What’s up?”
Sam shook his head and sighed, amused at just how stubborn his brother truly was. “Okay, sure. But you’re such an idiot Dean.”
Their waitress took that moment to return with their check, setting it down on the table between them. Castiel reached for it but Dean was quicker.
CasaNova36[6:24PM]: Just buzzed. I’m not lying though, I really enjoyed our conversation that last time we talked.
Castiel snorted, shaking his head. “No, I’d rather you not. Especially since you’ve already slept with half of them.”
So, I wanna say thank you to all who commented on my last chapter. Though I must say I was not expected a debate to ensue XD I really love your guys' enthusiasm and appreciate how much you all care about my fic. Truly, it means alot :)
“Well, I’m just sad there won’t be a wedding anytime soon. Was really looking forward to it.” Benny grinned from across the table.
So it was decided then. Charlie was going to find Dean tomorrow and they were going to have a little chat.
“Excuse me.” Castiel jumped from his seat and rushed to the restroom, hastily locking himself in a stall. His stomach churned in a rather unpleasant way and he puked, ridding himself of the teriyaki he just ate.
Castiel thrust his hips just a little in the air, desperate for some friction. He whimpered at the last thereof and he knew Posse Magnet heard him because he cursed on the other end. “Can I touch myself now..? God, I’m so…Mmn.”
Dean glanced up again and his eyes locked with Castiel’s and for a moment he wasn’t sure what to say. Fuck, why were his eyes so fucking blue? He watched Castiel take a sip from his straw, his tongue curling underneath. It was a completely innocent gesture but that didn’t stop Dean’s cock from twitching with interest in his jeans.
“Thank you! You’re a saint. I gotta get going, they want me to meet them by four. And uh, don’t bother waiting up for me, okay?” Gabe winked.
True to Charlie and Becky’s word, they went to visit him at his new school whenever they had the chance. They stuck by him through the thick of it all, supported him whenever he broke down, when he doubted himself and his choices. Even as he hesitated and cancelled appointments with Naomi because he just wasn’t mentally there or ready for a session. Cas truly had no idea what he would have done without them.
“You’re right.” Castiel considered his appearance in the mirror once more and decided that his dark button up and equally dark slacks will have to do for now, he was running out of time anyway. “I’ll tell you all about it when I get home.”
Dean sighed and set his fork down on the plate. Well shit, if that’s how she felt then who was he to force her into something she was no longer comfortable with? “I should go find him.”
“No, I don’t even really know him, but I think we have something.” The thought brought a wistful smile to his face. He popped the skewered piece of chicken in his mouth.
Dean dug into the eggs, moaning in appreciation with the first bite. “You know, you didn’t have to cook. Don’t get me wrong, I appreciate it, it’s delicious.”
“You know.” Dean started, chewing on a fry. “If I didn’t know any better, I would have thought you were stalking me.”
He knew exactly who she was talking about. Charlie, one of his closest friends, and the only one who knew of his crush on Dean, always found a reason or opportunity to tease him for it. “Yes, I know. Gabe knows him apparently.” He took a large gulp of his drink, the rush of alcohol starting to buzz through is veins. “He nodded at me.”
Did Castiel feel the same? He could have sworn the guy leaned into him, could have sworn he tilted his head, urging Dean to make the next move. Had he imagined it all? He was beginning to think so, especially after how quickly Castiel wanted to leave.
Castiel’s scheduled CT scan went well, better than he had expected. As it turned out, he was in the clear from any other sort of severe damage from the accident, just the concussion he initially suffered. His psych evaluation went fairly well too, as well as an evaluation of his caliber can be. It was determined by the general practitioner that he go see someone regularly and given a few recommendations. Having such information in his grasp made him feel so much better, accomplished even. It was another step in the right direction.
Posse_Magnet67[11:21PM]: Shit, you really know how to tempt a man ;) But, uh, you wouldn’t like me. Not really.
“Well, I hear you help tutor other students.” He stated quietly and close to Castiel’s ear. It was very hush hush. With him this close Castiel could very easily breathe in Dean’s scent. It was a beautiful mixture of his leather jacket, a hint of beer and something else that was entirely unique to Dean. He couldn’t quite place it, but it was heady and if Dean didn’t move away soon Castiel would be done in.
Dean mentally shook the dark thought away, pushing old emotions down deep. Of course he got the ones from nearly five years ago, he just chose to ignore them. “H-hey Cas. Uhm, yeah, we got her fixed. She’s parking out back, I’ll bring it around for you. So, like I said, replaced the coolant reservoir and the radiator, got you some new hoses and cleaned up the engine bay for ya.”
“Yeah, yeah. Just bustin’ your chops there Nancy.” Dean rolled his eyes in response. “I am serious though Dean. I hate seeing her dropped off here just as much as you do. I’m surprised you didn’t rip the guy a new asshole for hittin’ ya!”
He smiled to himself as he unlocked the front door to his house and stepped inside. It had been a pleasant conversation, despite all the interruptions and, well, Castiel’s eventual departure without so much as a goodbye or a wave. The poor guy. He absolutely reeked of indecision and uncertainty. Not that he had purposefully scented the guy or anything. It was coming off of him in waves.
Its been, what...nearly 3 weeks? o.o my bad! Not sure what happened the first week I missed but last weekend it was Mayday! And for those of you who might know, it was also Beltane. :D So I spent the weekend with two close friends and celebrated by leaving flowers on the neighbors doorsteps, we made all the food and baked bread. Had a ton of fun!
“That remains to be seen. I still have a choice in whether or not I go through with it. They won’t bill my insurance until after the whole process is through.”
“Oh really? You guys going to reconnect?” Jo was suddenly flagged down by a couple other customers, so she left to take care of them while Dean thought about her question.
sister. Thinking back to what he had done all those years ago it just didn’t sit well with him knowing that he has been seeing Anna. He tried so very hard not to hold onto old, already extinguished anger, to just let it go, but this was his
As everyone took their shots, Cas stared at his, confused and uncertain as to how he was even going to accomplish shooting it. His brows creased together and he tilted his head as he observed the brain shaped Jell-O. Charlie and Becky both giggled at him.
Cas stared at him, wide eyed in shock. He knew as soon as he heard him speak over the phone? So that meant…Oh God…The things they talked about, the things they did! Dean knew this whole time who he was talking to and he didn’t stop to think it was wrong?! Castiel’s eyes welled up with angry tears at the implication, at the sheer impossibility of what was unfolding right now. Hours ago Castiel had been so happy. He was with a man who cared about him, a man who he happily kissed without fear of an episode. They had danced, played games, laughed together, and it was Dean, this whole time.
The level of anxiety he felt throughout those two days were ridiculous. It wasn’t like Castiel was completely decided on going through with everything. He only promised that he would at least talk to someone with all the information he would need to make said choice. He certainly wasn’t sure what he had been expecting when he did finally step foot in the clinic on the day of his appointment. He knew it wasn’t going to be anything like a brothel full of alphas waiting for the perfect omega to walk through the door, but nor did he expect it to look like an actual everyday clinic.
Castiel arrived at the clinic ten minutes early, signed in at the front desk and spent another ten minutes sitting with Naomi in her office waiting for Sam to arrive. He was late, approaching ten minutes and Castiel was getting really nervous. His right leg bounced with anxiety as he sat ramrod straight in his seat across from Naomi, fingers tugging at a loose thread at the wrist of his shirt.
He was brushing his teeth in the upstairs bathroom across the hall from his room when he heard some sort of commotion coming from downstairs. He paused and turned off the water to listen and all he could hear was a bunch of giggling and the sound of footsteps stumbling up the stairs; two sets of footsteps he decided.
Life pretty much sucked without his car, but then again, he was almost used to this by now. Castiel knew it was high time he bought a new one but he just kept putting it off, told himself that as soon as he got to Sioux Falls and settled in that he’d search for one that was newer, had better miles and one that wouldn’t cost him so much in the end.
“Yeah, well it would be nice to have a little more information than what I’ve been given.” He finished off his whiskey before reaching for his wallet. Gabriel beat him to it, however, and slapped some bills down on the bar top.
Sam had left without another word, nor a word from Castiel himself. If the look on his face had been any indication, Sam managed to get the point across.
“Dean -! Please… Stay with me” Hey, he knew that voice, but how? The owner of it seemed so grief stricken, so panicked. Dean glanced over to where the voice came from – his neck currently unable to move – and there he was; a trench coated man with wings.
There was something there, and he wanted to figure it out. Although, being as sober as he was now, that just wasn’t going to happen.
There, sticking out of a clothing rack like a beacon, was a simple tan trench coat. It seemed so out of place, as though it didn’t really belong which piqued his interest. So Castiel went over to the rack, pulled the coat off the hook and tried it on.
Dean was excited and fist pumping the air, clearly having bested the big burly guy in a game of pool, their redheaded friend cheering from the sidelines. It had been a close game apparently, not that Castiel was hyper focused on it or anything.
Dean averted his gaze, the memories of him and Castiel together flitting through his mind; the times they studied together, and the night they sat on the hood of his car and shared a basket of fries. Dean had been so close to kissing him twice and asking him out. Things had seemed so simple then and it wasn’t even that long ago.
Everything was smoke and glass and searing pain in the aftermath, but shock kept him going. He slowly turned his head to look at Dean and his stomach dropped.
While he wanted nothing more than for the guy to find happiness, it still stung. The dude was a straight up dick when he left; the way he went about it, the things he said. There were no declarations of certain feelings on Castiel’s part, no desire to throw caution to the wind and try to work out whatever they had because hey, they almost died! Didn’t a near death experience warrant the desire to grab life by the horns and take risks? Unfortunately luck hadn’t been on Dean’s side that day and he hated him for it. The one person who truly made him feel something other than superficial lust had ripped into his chest and crushed his heart.
His heart pounded in his chest as he recalled the dream with such clarity, how every detail seemed so incredibly real. He had felt every little thing and he swore he had really been with Dean, that everything they had gone through was done and over with and they were together again, kissing and touching and pulling against each other….Fuck, did he really just have a dream about Dean?
Castiel’s cheeks felt flush. He averted his gaze in a desperate attempt to compose himself. “Yeah, well, for the record, I hadn’t known it was you.” He bit into his burrito and chewed; flustered and hoping beyond anything he could stop the heat from suffusing his cheeks.
Yes, angels were here to save him. And this one had the most beautiful blue eyes he had ever seen. Dean cracked a smile at the man, briefly, before everything turned black and the darkness took over once again, ensuring that all was finally okay.
“Alright!” Ash shouted. “Now where’s the rest of the alcohol?” He eventually disappeared within the crowd. Charlie let him go, she didn’t mind. The dude was resourceful and could handle himself just fine.
Castiel’s face scrunched up at the weird comment, a chuckle escaping him. “I suppose that’s a good description for it.”
Castiel watched Dean hesitantly take his leave from what felt like the other side of a glass wall. The hurt and confusion in Dean’s eyes broke Castiel’s heart and it was all he could do not to collapse right there in the hall.
“You make a very good point there Sunshine.” Dean pecked him on the lips, once, twice…He deepened the kiss, sliding his tongue along the seam of his lips. Castiel opened them with nary a complaint, allowing Dean access.
“And you’re Posse Magnet67. Don’t you dare even think about trying to deny it either, Dean. I know what you’re about and I’d like for you to stop.”
Castiel thought about it, like really thought about it. He felt a weird, strange feeling coming over him that he couldn’t quite describe. This was sudden, new, and he wasn’t quite ready for it. Not at all. He hasn’t even looked for anyone professional he could talk to!
He rolled his eyes at himself, slouching further in his seat. Last he checked, he was still a man so he needed to calm down; this wasn’t rocket science.
“What? Trying to get rid of me already? I can fly back out, its fine. So, this friend of yours,” He began as he grabbed his bag, getting down to business. “He talking to some weirdo online?” He pulled out his laptop and some other strange gadgets he deemed necessary to bring.
The sound of keys being shoved into the lock on the front door interrupted their conversation, signaling Sam’s arrival. The pair looked up to see him walk through the door, a book bag slung over his shoulder. “Oh, hey guys.” Sam glanced at Cas, his smile widening. “You must be Dean’s friend, uh, Castiel right?”
“Father Alistair…My family’s pastor. The one Uncle Zach sent me to. I can hear him. I heard him when you and I got lunch together, when I freaked out. And I heard him today. I – I couldn’t control myself. Dean, when he kissed me, I lost physical control of myself and I shoved him away…But it wasn’t me…I’d never.”
He took another sip of his beer as Benny spoke. “I get this is difficult, but I’m glad you came to me with it.” Bleh! This is why he didn’t do heart to heart conversations either. It made his skin crawl. Thank god for booze.
“It’s gotta be mighty strange though, right? You guys have history and y’all are just moving forward like nothing happened?”
But dude! My mom and I were supposed to view my brother before his cremation and they never contacted us about it. It was my moms sole wish and she couldnt even have that :((
“Yeah, I knew you were gonna need it after a night like last night. I hear you made out with Lisa Braeden.”
“This is my number; we can talk more about this later. Was nice talking to you Castiel.” He smirked and clapped him on the shoulder before taking his leave, the look on his face absolutely smug, as though he won a battle. Well, Castiel will have to see to it that he doesn’t succeed.
In this chapter, Castiel returns the favor Dean once paid him when he was extremely hungover back in college. Fluff ahead!!
Benny looked up from his meal. Dean didn’t say anything, he just shoved his phone in his friends face so he could read the last text sent to him. He snickered. “What? You think he’s hinting at what happened between you two, or?”
Charlie followed suit with shaky hands. Everything was quickly hooked up, the school’s app linked to the program with the exchange in messages. All they needed to do was hit ‘execute’ to initiate the hacking process.
“I bet the parties are insane! I’d be a little disappointed if you didn’t take me to one during my stay.” He gave her a pointed look, grinning from ear to ear.
Castiel regarded him, and Dean just gazed right back at him, the elephant in the room once again making itself known. A hint of a smile played at Castiel’s lips and Dean grew nervous. So, he tried to back-peddle and clarify himself. “I uh, I mean if you don’t mind. I don’t mean like – “
He had been truthful in that the content of the topic was okay and that it brought more excitement to his serious job, but, that didn’t mean Cas was looking forward to each conversation, psh, no, he just really enjoyed the last one they had. It felt as though no time had passed and things were back to the way they used to be.
“I spoke to uncle Zach.” Gabriel announced suddenly, the mention of their uncle instantly putting a damper on the pleasant conversation. They knew generally what he had been through as a teenager, knew Zach sent him to a conversion therapy camp ran by their pastor. But the details? The one’s he gave Charlie? They didn’t know…
“Dean!” Bobby suddenly shouted from behind him, nearly scaring the shit out of him. “Quit texting and get back to work ya idjit!”
Castiel smiled widely at the idea and huffed out a laugh. It was the best idea yet and it was the only one that made sense. “I really like the sound of that. Makes me feel better. I do apologize though, I know back before everything happened, you and I had something, and I know we still do. I just know that all this talk about the history with my friend doesn’t really help matters.”
Dean flushed and shook his head. “Naw, it’s nothing.” He grinned up at Bobby, tapping the palm of his hand lovingly over the roof of the car. “Just glad to have her back. Don’t get me wrong, loved the old Charger, but nothing will ever compare to my Baby.”
“Cas look at me.” Charlie’s voice distracted him. “You’re stronger than this. You’ll get through it and I’ll help you in any way you need me to. What you uncle did, what Alistair did, it was wrong. Hell, Alistair can easily go to prison for what he’s done to you and many others. I hope he rots, because he will. If there’s a heaven or hell, I know exactly where he’s headed; your uncle too.” She searched his eyes for a moment and offered a reassuring smile. “Whatever you do, don’t shut me out okay? If you ever need me, I’ll be over in a heartbeat. All you need to do is call me, okay?”
But thank God it was finally Friday. Dean was ready for the weekend and more importantly, he needed to get laid. Okay, sure, it’s only been over a week since him and Anna hooked up, but since they weren’t seeing each other he was on the hunt for something sweet. A brunette maybe, with legs for miles and an ass you could bounce a quarter on. A trip to The Roadhouse never failed to provide in his time of need. So after a quick shower and a fresh pair of clothes, Dean hopped in the Impala and drove off to The Roadhouse.
“Oh, ha ha Chuckles.” He picked up his menu but a sudden thought occurred to him. “Hey, since when do we have Calculus together?”
Sam wasn’t wrong about Cindy, Dean couldn’t deny that. But come on, Cindy didn’t want Sam anyways. He could remember the looks she would give him whenever she came over to visit, and the secret caresses she’d give in passing when no one was looking. Maybe he shouldn’t have stolen her from Sam…He should have been the big brother and told Sam she straight up wasn’t good for him and left it at that. He shouldn’t have taken her right out from under Sam’s nose, it hadn’t been right. But, as it were, that was eons ago and they had gotten past it in time.
Gabriel recoiled, a look of regret on his face. He nodded in understanding. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean anything by it…He’ll be here though. Just…He hasn’t seen you in a while, maybe he’s changed. If he says anything you don’t like you can always tell him to leave.”
With a second beer placed in front of him, Dean gave in and pulled up a chair to the end of their booth and plopped down. “How’s it going Cas?” He gave him a wide toothy grin.
As Castiel was getting dressed and ready for the day, his phone chimed, the screen lighting up on his dresser. He picked it up, smiling when he saw who it was from. He opened it and was once more rendered speechless when he saw it was a picture message.
He was relieved though. For the brief moment he thought him and Castiel had slept together he felt panicked. If it were to happen at all he would want to remember every moment of it, should he ever be so lucky. Thank God Castiel had been the rational one.
“Yeah. I left the Whole Foods and I saw him leaving another store. I was distracted and the rest is history.”
Sure, when he was okay enough mentally, he’d go out on a few dates, he kissed a few people but they just…Each encounter gave him the oddest bit of anxiety ridden butterflies ever. It was unpleasant and eventually Cas came to realize that the moment he felt that with someone he knew it wasn’t right to pursue it. Call it intuition or whatever, but he knew right away.
Dean hit send and let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding in. He waited for almost ten minutes, flipping through the channels on his television and just when he was going to call it, his phone chimed with a message. From Casanova.
Dean arched a brow. “Really? Could ‘a fooled me. What would you have called that then ‘cause it definitely looked like a date to me.”
“Hello Gabriel.” He took an experimental sniff of the drink and his nose scrunched up. Yep, full of vodka and some orange juice. Emphasis on the word ‘some’. “Is this a Screwdriver?”
It was about an hour later and Dean was an additional threes whiskeys deep, excitedly telling a story about how Sam got so shit faced a couple years back he hopped on top of a nearby pool table and attempted to do a strip tease for the whole bar. “No, I’m serious! The whole bar cheered him on, practically begged him to take it all off.”
That stopped him, got him thinking. What sort of person would Castiel be if he allowed such a thing to happen? He wondered how young his brother was, how dire of a situation it might be. Damnit, it was impossible for him to deny Dean his help now. “Okay, fine. As much as I don’t particularly wasn’t to, I can’t allow you or your brother to go homeless.”
Also, if anyone is curious as to why I used Chugglet267 as Charlie's fake handle, i couldnt think of anything! So, I used my friend Charlottes handle, well, a variation of it. And technically a shortened version of her name is Charlie, so. lol
Some fifteen minutes later Castiel left the drive through at the nearest Taco Bell and made his way towards Bobby’s salvage yard. He hadn’t realized that Dean lived with the older man; in fact, he figured Dean would have his own place by now. But then again Castiel was positive the repairs on the Impala must have drained any funds Dean may have had.
Charlie fixed him with an incredulous stare. “Don’t lie to me. I get why you don’t want to tell him, why you don’t want to risk losing him. But you’ve already made such a mess here and you need to own up to it and take responsibility. At least have the decency to tell him to his face. He deserves that much.”
Castiel took this time to observe Dean, thinking back to when he mentioned briefly about what he saw as a child. His features had been very stiff, the memory still very clearly hard to process by the look of it. That stiffness, that faraway look in Dean’s eyes were still there, hiding beneath the surface, behind the laughter he shared with Castiel. Dean was searching for a distraction and he was more than happy to oblige.
He just wondered if Castiel felt….No. He couldn’t, right? Feelings can easily change over the years, and as it happened, Dean’s unfortunately never changed. There was no way that him and Cas were anywhere near on the same page.
Oh man, Cas really was cute when he was flustered like this. The omega was fidgeting on the spot, shifting from one foot to the other. Dean grinned at the other man as he watched him twiddle his fingers together with uncertainty. He wet his lips and shrugged. “It can be whatever you want it to be.”
It took a moment for Castiel to respond, the synapses in his brain having fired all at once in an attempt to process what was happening. Dean was kissing him. He could feel his fingers carding through the hair at the back of his neck, could feel the hint of stubble scratching him. Dean’s scent was everywhere, engulfing him and fueling a fire deep inside him he never knew he possessed.
So with it decided, Dean opened his Facebook app and searched Castiel’s name in the search bar. He was the first option as he always has been what with his name being so unusual. His profile picture was different this time. It was professionally done. He wore a nicely tailored suit, the stubble was at a minimum and he was looking back over his shoulder towards the camera. Part of his face had been shadowed, but his eyes though…They were so fucking blue, he had almost forgotten just how blue they really were. It was a simple photo really, but the dude was terribly photogenic. After admiring the photos for a moment, Dean clicked the ‘add friend’ button and the request was sent.
It was great, everything had gone back to normal and Dean could breathe again. Working at the shop on Bobby’s property served as a good distraction from everything had recently gone through; his dad’s bullshit, the physical therapy, the car accident…Castiel disappearing on him….The thought of no longer seeing Cas again stung something awful, but it got better with time, booze, and the local wildlife.
But fuck, what about Dean’s sacrifices? He sacrificed his education, his friends, the life he had known for so long because of the damn medical bills and his inability to walk the halls he once walked together with Cas. He had hated Castiel for quite some time…But he also hated himself for a while too. He had been so depressed, so angry and everything else in between for so long. All because of Castiel. Logically, he knew he should never allow one person to make him feel such a way, but damnit, Cas had been everything he wanted.
Dean spent the rest of his lunch hour thinking about making his reply and well, he had to know who they were. Did they know something he didn’t? It sure had him curious. So before he left the campus cafeteria he penned his reply to the stranger.
Dean shrugged and scratched his chin. “My dad’s health insurance was shit and I couldn’t continue to rack up student loans while I had huge medical bills to pay too. I was in the hospital for another five days before they finally released me. I went through a shit ton of physical therapy so I knew not to overexert myself due to my lung. I still have to be careful.
Castiel loved his sister dearly, but…Ugh, he was so not ready to hear Anna and some stranger get it on in their house. It was awkward and he only hoped that whoever they were they would be gone by morning.
“I appreciate that, but you don’t have to. Anna can make her own decisions and if this is something she wants, then I can’t say much of anything.”
But as the years went by, his faith wavered. If his interests were truly evil and that he would be punished for them, then why did he encourage the flirting with Posse Magnet? Was it because it was likely to go nowhere physical with the guy? Did he feel less guilty about it when it was put that way?
Father Alistair uh, he took me into that room and strapped me down in a chair. He grilled me, yelled at me, but it wasn’t exactly me he was talking to. It was the demon inside me…”
“How long do you think this will take? Cause’ I gotta be honest here man, you can’t expect me to wait for you forever. You can’t put me in that position. I just…” He paused a moment, gathering his words. “I thought things were going great between us and I want them to continue that way, and its…God! I don’t know how or when things changed. Cas, I don’t…I don’t
“Hey Gabe!” A deep voice boomed over the music, gathering the attention of Gabriel and Castiel both. Castiel recognized that voice and the person it belonged to all too well.
Dean sighed. God damnit, Anna was right. Besides, he’d never be able to find some tail – as Anna so eloquently put it – with Castiel here under the same roof.
“I agree. I’m almost positive he is.” But how to figure it out? Charlie had to do something, anything to help protect her friend. Well, she did have the guys username, so she could start there, see if it was used anywhere else online. Maybe there was an account on Facebook or Twitter with a variation of the same handle.
Castiel laughed again and shook his head, his cheeks tinged a little pink at the conversation matter. He could only imagine the kind of people Sam had to assist on his calls, many of them probably really clueless as to the danger they potentially put themselves in. “And here I thought my job was exciting.”
Posse Magnet motioned for Castiel to follow him, so he did, taking the hand offered to him. They left the basement and found their way to the kitchen for a refill, Posse Magnet going for something much stronger than a beer. Cas poured himself a second Jack and Coke.
The music was bumpin, the sound carrying over the where they were currently across the street. There were quite a few cars too, parking along the sidewalk. Apparently everyone here were idiots to think they’d make it out of the biggest party of the season sober enough to drive.
“Naw.” He shook his head. “Trust me, I’m judging myself. I’m not so sure I’m liking the way this feels.” He couldn’t deny the sense of relief he felt after having finally come out with it, but it still felt strange.
“You’re lucky I know you so well.” Sam chuckled. “I got her out as soon as I found out where they planned to scrap her. Insurance is obviously gonna total it, but – “ He shrugged.
Although she did provide him with just that, a distraction, she was apparently pretty keen in reading another’s thoughts, or at least being able to read their body language. Dean wondered just how many men she had to sleep with to build to build up that sort of intuition.
CasaNova36[11:27AM]: That sounds exciting and very tempting lol Parties just aren’t my thing though.
Dean had been the first to leave the courtyard after their discussion. It had to be him because if he didn’t leave first then who knows how much more pleading he would do and he didn’t like coming off as needy. It was another vulnerable emotion he wasn’t too fond of.
Sam rolled his eyes and wiped his mouth clean. “Okay, sure, but it wasn’t. I’m just helping the guy out is all.”
For Castiel, being the romantic that he was, he was having quite the difficult time trying to make peace with it all. He’d be lying if he said he didn’t miss the companionship of having a partner, as he has been without for a number of years, but this here felt more like a transaction.
He heard what he needed to hear, and Cas should honestly take his leave, though he was rooted to the spot, unspoken words hanging in the air. Thankfully Sam took the reins. “Cas, what happened that night?”
“But is that truly feeling? Cas…I’m right here, in the flesh. I am more than willing to fumble my way through this with you, together.”
“Okay, I think I heard enough.” Castiel waved his hands in protest. “I don’t want to hear about how you two…Gross.” They all laughed it off as light banter, and it was, but it was still quite bazaar. Once upon a time, Dean used to make eyes at him, but now? Granted, the wink he gave Anna wasn’t at all serious, the fact still remained: Dean had slept with his sister.
Gabe huffed, shaking his head with a grin. He crossed his arms and leaned back up against the kitchen counter. “I think you might be missing some key ingredients here baby bro. Does Sam insight any feelings within you? No? You don’t know? Okay. Does he…Can you imagine getting down and dirty with him?”
There was no hesitation, he just jumped right in and well, if he was willing to talk then maybe Dean could dig just a little.
Castiel shook his head, a look of fright in his eyes at just the thought of being in the same room as any of those people. “No, I can’t. I can’t face him again. I won’t, it’s too much.” Charlie understood his fear. Though she was sure he would want nothing more than to se justice served, she could only imagine how frightening it would be to face your abusers again.
Castiel padded into the kitchen and poured himself a bowl of cereal, plain cheerios this morning, which was all he had on hand that was appealing enough for his breakfast. He made a mental note to go grocery shopping soon when his phone buzzed with a reply from Dean.
“Sure! I’ll uh, just go grab some coffee then.” She smiled at them both before turning to leave the room.
Before continuing on with reading this chapter I do want to warn you all that there are some triggering themes in here. Theres signs of mental illness and the beginnings of substance abuse. If any of this is triggering to any of you at all I do apologize. I honestly didnt expect this fic to go this direction when I started, but here we are..lol
How could Dean be so fucking stupid? He should have known it was a bad idea to kiss Cas like that, right there in the hallway. He should have known it wasn’t meant to be; shit, the dude gave him so many mixed signals in the timespan that he’s known him.
Dean really was good-looking too, God damnit. He was handsome and attractive in a way that Sam just wasn’t. He was sexy and so overwhelmingly masculine in a way that an alpha should be. The man really needed to roll down his sleeves too, those exposed forearms were dangerous.
“What are you trying to say Sammy?” Dean knew that look anywhere; his comment was suggestive. It hinted at what Dean had been struggling to really admit to himself.
Both Benny and Dean jumped at the interruption. Castiel stood there beside their table, a drink in one hand and an apprehensive look in his eyes. If Dean had to hazard a guess, Cas looked as though he was pressured into coming over.
Posse_Magnet67[11:16PM]: Well hello happy trail ;) For someone who hasn’t been with anyone you sure know how to drive a person crazy.
The smart thing would be to cut tired to both, move on before anything got too intense. That was another problem though, he never knew when to cut those ties. Perhaps deep-down Dean wanted too much for himself that he didn’t know how to handle it. He’d ruin it before anything could really blossom.
Dean grimaced, the idea sounding preposterous to him. “Really? Fate?” He scoffed. “Don’t give me that crap, there’s no such thing.”
“Yes, I know you told me. But I’m starting to think otherwise. You wont tutor me because you don’t like me, do you?”
Naomi had been Castiel’s therapist for the better part of four years now and she was wonderful. She had been easy to talk to, friendly to a point, but she was ultimately an amazing help to him. She had him looking at life in so many different ways he never thought possible. She taught him to face the darker parts of himself head on, and to practice it without fear.
“Ohhh okay.” Sam gave his brother a knowing look as he left the table to put his empty bowl in the sink. He crossed an arm over the back of the chair and stared after Dean, a curious, judging look in his eye. “I know what this is about. You actually are interested in him.”
“Dude, shut up. It’s not that big a deal.” Annoyed, Dean took a bite out of his sandwich. It was probably a bad idea to call Sam and give him the latest update, but Sam would have found out one way or another.
Castiel[4:16PM]: Hey, so I’ve been contemplating when an appropriate time would be for me to text you. I’m pretty much horrible at this, so, here’s a photo of my office. I suppose by your standards, it might be a little ‘fancy.’
Castiel was already there waiting for him. He stood there, underneath the aforementioned tree with his back pressed against the trunk, hands shoved into his pockets.
Without the student housing he had through the university, Dean moved back home with his dad while Sam holed up in a dorm room at his own school. It was a fairly shitty situation what with John Winchester being the way he was. He was a hard ass and a bit of a drunk who blamed him for wrecking the Impala, stating that if it weren’t for some “gay infatuation” none of this would have happened.
“There was so much blood, Cas…I – I just –“ Dean was breaking, the tears threatening to spill over once again, so Castiel did what he though would bring him the most comfort. He pulled him into a hug. Dean accepted it, he curled into Castiel’s side and buried his face in his chest. The tears flowed freely and soaked the front of his shirt, but he didn’t mind it. He allowed Dean this as he was sure he needed it.
Castiel blushed at the message, certain, extremely naughty images filling his mind. He was going to reply but Charlie and Becky decided to drag him back downstairs to dance.
When Dean finally came to he found himself lying in a plain white room, surrounded by scratchy sheets and the sound of something beeping rhythmically nearby. Was he alive? He wasn’t entirely sure as his body felt heavy and yet relaxed at the same time. He glanced over to see his brother seated there, a look of alarm on his face. What the hell was Sam doing here? Where the hell was he even?
Castiel watched Dean and his two friends from over the rim of his beer mug. He took a sip, and then another, his mind reeling from the encounter. Had he really been described as the ‘hot omega’, and by the extremely attractive alpha on the other side of the bar? Sure, it was a little embarrassing, but the compliment was definitely a confidence booster.
Dean shrugged and set his food down, deciding to save the rest for later. “My dad was a dick. Blamed me for everything. Granted, it was cheaper to live with him for a while, but I don’t know…” He shook his head. “It wasn’t the Christmas right after the accident, but a year after that Christmas Bobby really got into it with my dad. Dad was drunk; he asked me how the repairs on the Impala were going. Funds from the insurance money were low and it was taking a lot longer than I wanted to fix her up. But he went on and on about how I always manage to fuck things up. That if it weren’t for me being a quote ‘fag’ then none of this would have happened. He wanted his car back once it was finished and that I didn’t deserve it, ya know?”
“I do have one buried in my closet…I think.” He observed himself for just a little bit more in the mirror, his crooked grin widening. Once it was decided, Castiel carried the coat to the checkout counter. He left the store with a pleasant sense of accomplishment and as soon as he was able, he sent Posse Magnet a message.
“Oh no, I don’t think so.” Castiel quickly stepped in front to block his path. “You’re not driving Dean.”
Gabriel laughed. “Nonsense! You’ll be fine. I’m glad you finally decided to come Cassie. You work too much.”
“Cas, listen to me when I say this: what your uncle did, sending you to that horrible man, there was no need. Your uncle believes that whoever doesn’t worship like he does will rot in Hell. But he’s wrong, Alistair is wrong. You’re a wonderful person Cas, and you deserve love more than anyone. You never needed to be cured of who you are.”
CasaNova36[3:45PM]: Well if it makes you feel any better, my current state of stress has given me a taste for whiskey. Preferably a nice bottle of Jack.
“I like numbers.” Castiel shrugged. “I believe I may have mentioned it before.” Okay, so maybe two could play at this game. Dean glanced at Castiel, an eyebrow ever so slightly arched in speculation. “Besides, someone has to do it.” Castiel had to refrain from grinning though he could still feel the tug of it pulling at his mouth against his best efforts.
“There’s nothing we can really do with that.” Charlie stated. “If Cas chooses this other guy then that’s his decision.”
Castiel didn’t appear to be too convinced but he led the way regardless. He took one of the plush chairs in the back corner, Dean taking the one opposite him. Dean dug into his bag and pulled out his math notebook. “Now, don’t judge me too harshly on this, I get the general idea here, but,” He flipped to the correct page and handed it over. “A lot of it is still very confusing.”
“What?” Dean grinned. “You thought I was crushing on you or something?” The pair both laughed at the ridiculous thought.
Castiel shook his head. “Dean, no, I can’t do what you are asking me. I can’t trust you to be honest or even faithful for that matter. I can’t forget that it was actually you that got close to me in ways no other person has, made me feel things, real things. Before everything happened, before I put it all on hold, I wanted so much…My feelings for you, Dean I wanted all of it…
But God, seeing Dean this morning with sober – albeit hung-over – eyes was incredibly difficult. Dean had waved to him, a sheepish grin on his face. It was a small offer of friendship, almost as if to say: “Hey-a Cas, I’m still here, hope you’re doing okay.” Dean wanted to be there for him and Cas just tossed him aside.
“Okay…” He started up the Impala and pulled out onto the road with an apparent angry Charlie seated beside him. “So, you wanna tell me why you decided to give me a heart attack just now?” Oh, he didn’t like that look in her eyes. Something about this encounter didn’t sit well with him.
“Of course. We’ll get you fitted with scrubs and everything.” He smiled. “Alright Castiel, I’ll need you to turn onto your side for the epidural.”
Dean desperately wanted to be there for Cas. If he was truly going through something nasty, he wanted to be the one he counted on. Cas may have told him he needed to face it alone, but God damn it, he just can’t let him slip through his fingers. Not after tonight.
Castiel was positively buzzing with energy as he waited for Naomi to step out of her office and usher him inside. He was excited to tell her the good news, the wonderful, life changing news. He was certain she was going to be happy for him.
Castiel[4:51PM] A sex shop? I suppose that’s fairly convenient. Though, I don’t see how fuzzy handcuffs would be deemed appropriate or…Pleasurable.
Castiel recalled the conversation they had early on in the night, about his parents and how quickly he changed the subject. It was no wonder.
“It wasn’t that bad. I got a bit drunk so it was fine; if a bit surreal. I’d say it’s like no time has passed between us, but that would be a lie. There’s still this weird tension there. I can’t put my finger on it.”
Castiel snapped another photo, this time having rid himself of his jeans. He gripped his cock from the outside of his boxers, the sensation and the warmth of his hand sending waves of pleasure through his body.
“Well hot damn Sammy! ‘Bout time! Was starting to wonder a little bit there.” Dean laughed and took a swig of his Red bull.
“C-Cas, please, I’m sorry. I…I want to make this up to you.” He wiped his eyes, the tears threatening to spill over. There was no stopping it though as a few stray tears rolled down his cheek.
The three were silent for a few minutes before Anna spoke up. “So, Gabe told me a friend of yours was badly injured too. How’s he doing?”
Dean had rushed down the stairs and into the dining room where he saw the dark, cloaked figure attacking his mother. He had charged at the man to help her but he was too weak. Dean had been shoved back so hard he tripped and hit his head on the wall, passing out in an instant.
Posse_Magnet67[11:58AM]: That bastard will pay, if I ever find out who he is…I’m sorry Casanova, that’s more than just rough. If you need anyone to talk to, I’m always here. Shoot me a message.
“Not a problem! I’ll see you around.” Castiel waved goodbye and watched him pull back out onto the road before heading upstairs to his room. It wasn’t anything spectacular. It had the necessities like a bed, dresser and desk, a small kitchenette and bathroom. Actually, the best part about his room was that it was a single bedroom. He didn’t have to share it with anyone else and he quite enjoyed that.
They eventually calmed down, Dean having finished wiping the tears from his eyes. Once his vision was cleared he glanced over at Castiel to see him gazing right back. A small smile played on his lips, the lines at the corners of his eyes softened. Dean’s heartbeat quickened when he realized just how close they were; a reminder of feelings and desires long since experienced returning to the surface like a punch to the gut with just one look.
“Oh, it’s easy! You just move along with the music, and with a huge crowd, no one’s gonna care. I’ll lead if you want.”
He pulled out his phone and scrolled through the saved Halloween photos Casanova sent him, observing them and occasionally glancing over at Castiel.
Dean hit the send button and watched Castiel, eyes trained intently on him. Sure enough, Castiel’s phone buzzed and lit up. He grabbed it and began typing away immediately. Fuck…This was…God, it was almost laughable! Dean’s heart raced at the realization that this was it. He knew exactly who he had been talking to all this time, all of his questions had been answered but he wasn’t entirely sure he liked the answers. More questions and concerns seemed to make themselves known and the entire situation just became all the more complicated.
“I’m not gonna flirt! No, that’s…” He fumbled, blushing. He was tempted, the effects of the alcohol making it very hard not to just spew verbal diarrhea of everything that was on his mind. “I’ll ask about the dinosaurs.” He stuck his tongue out at Benny.
I really hope you all enjoy this chapter! Again, super sorry this took forever to get out. Lots of stuff going on. But I'm still here!
Cas lifted his gaze to Dean’s, a grin tugging at his lips. “I don’t know about an A; you still need some work. I’d give you a B-.” He took a swig of his beer.
Dean straightened himself from leaning over into the engine bay of a client’s car and turned to where the voice came from. His eyes widened when he saw the familiar face beneath the fisherman’s cap. “Holy shit, Benny!” They both laughed and hugged each other tightly. “You should have told me you were coming up, how’s Louisiana?” Dean asked him and they took a step back, Dean patting him on the shoulder.
CasaNova36[9:10AM]: Good morning to you too. I’m beyond excited, nervous, but excited more than anything.
“Well, aside from Sam and the occasional time my dad did, no.” He shook his head. “I’ve always done the cooking. I don’t know, it’s nice for a change, so thank you.”
Whelp, Benny sure had a point. Dean might be tipsy, and it might actually not be a great idea, but you know how it goes, peer pressure was a bitch and Dean was willing to bite.
“Ah…” Yup, moment ruined. Castiel felt terrible. “Yeah, you’re right. I’ll take you home.” Dean hopped off the hood and threw away what little was left of the fries.
“Castiel is sick Dean.” Sam had told him after much pestering on Dean’s part. The words gave Dean pause.
Castiel chuckled lightly, Dean’s stubbornness making him smile and taking him back to when they first met; how Dean had stalked him and demanded that he tutor him. The memory brought more tears to Castiel’s eyes. “I don’t want to do this Dean, I don’t want to hurt you, and I know that I am. But being near you, being reminded of my feelings for you in close proximity…It’ll only tempt me to bridge this gap between us. It’ll distract me further away from my goal and I cannot neglect these problems any longer, you must respect that.”
“I don’t know how I’m going to eat this.” Sat before Castiel was a fat sandwich that needed to be held in such a way that wouldn’t result in a huge mess, no matter how difficult. Screw it; there was no other way around it. So he did as Dean suggested and he dug in.
If it turned out that it wasn’t Dean then she could breathe a sigh of relief and her duty as best friend would be over; in that department anyway. She could file it neatly away and not speak a word of it and she’d make sure Becky kept silent too.
He had been sad to end their relationship a year and a half later; it fucking sucked and Dean would be lying if he said he hadn’t cried. But it had to be done, as much as he wanted to stay with her and she him, they both just didn’t see them getting married one day, that as time went on they just seemed like really good friends who made out and had sex from time to time.
Things have been absolute shit over here...Still in the process of moving and now, working out tiny details for a funeral? We suffered a hard hit in my family, so its been tough trying to stay focused on fanfic.
Sam scoffed, nodding. “Well, yeah. Apparently you two were hit by a drunk driver that night. And uh, Dean, your car?”
Posse_Magnet67[9:17AM]: Not sure yet. People are probably going to start showing up pretty early. But eh, I won’t be there until maybe 8 or 9.
So Dean ran in search of him. He pushed past people, desperate to find him, but he wasn’t anywhere. Thank God he ran into Charlie, maybe she could help. “Charlie! Hey, have you seen Cas?” He asked her, his hand on her shoulder to get her attention.
When Cas pulled him in for another searing kiss, Dean was lost. Feeling his lips against his own took him back to their first kiss. The way it made him feel, the way it had solidified everything. He had known then that Cas was for him. And it was crazy, totally insane to think Dean had possibly found his person.
CasaNova36[1:39PM]: I’ve thought about it. And maybe I should take more time to think about it, but why not? I’ll go to this party and we can meet :)
“Geez, so bossy.” Dean grinned, winking once more at the other man across the table. Their waitress returned once more, this time bringing their food and Dean dug in, thankful for the much-needed break. As much as he enjoyed watching Castiel work out problems on paper, deft fingers confidently putting pen to paper, he needed a moment to relax.
Dean sighed, a finger picking at the label of his second beer. “Yeah, that’s definitely the question. I don’t know man, so a couple nights ago I came here and Anna and Cas showed up. I refused to join, but Anna insisted. Honestly, it was a really great night. Showed him the car in all its fixed up glory. We made up and we’ve even talked a little bit afterwards.” He explained with a shrug.
Castiel lifted his gaze to Dean. “I was glad you did it, I was elated actually. Happy. It was…” A small, sad smile tugged at his lips. “It was more than I could have imagined. Better.”
The clock was definitely ticking by each passing day. In just over two weeks Castiel will more than likely hit pre-heat and want to nest and suffer through the first stirrings of unbidden desires. Shortly after that - which for Castiel, pre-heat usually lasts for about three days – he’ll be a begging, sweaty, needy mess, desperate to be filled and taken care of.
“I’m lying in bed, a glass of Jack in hand and I can’t help thinking about what might happen at the party.”
Gabriel laughed as he went to give Castiel a second donut hole. “What can I say? I’m an alpha with many tastes. I don’t discriminate…So you’ll at least check them out?”
Castiel laughed, nonplussed. “Dean, it’s fine. So you said I was hot?” He shrugged his shoulders as though it were of no consequence. A hint of a smile tugged at his lips. “I uh, I rather like the compliment. I’ll take it.”
He shrugged his shoulders. “I met some people, free spirits you might say. I don’t know, I kinda like it. It’s like my own personal disguise. Even you didn’t recognize me.” Ash plopped down in one of the desk chairs and took in his surroundings. It was a basic dorm room, fit with two twin beds, two desks, an armchair and a door off to the side that lead to the bathroom. It wasn’t anything special. “So, this is what college life looks like, huh?”
“You got it.” So Dean left towards the bar, his balance just a tad wobbly. He wasn’t in any way super drunk, just tipsy enough that the world around him was a bit blurred, loud and yet muffled at the same time. He was in a good spot and one more drunk would do just the trick.
Dean let out a breath, a fond smile tugging at his lips as he closed up the hood. “She is aint she?”
Things would be much easier if Castiel had been the one to recognize him instead. Dean was positive if that were the case, Cas would have said something to him. They might have even laughed about it; after a bit of yelling of course. But Dean never had such luck.
So Castiel mustered up the strength to climb off the couch and wandered over to the door. He pulled it open was shocked when he saw who it was that was standing there.
“Well, the first step in learning something new is to pay attention.” The sudden comment took him aback. Dean looked up to see Castiel grinning at him, his eyes crinkling at the corners. “I’ve seen you in our Calc class Dean.”
Before Sam could reply the both turned their head to the sound of footsteps coming from the hallway. When Dean came into view, wearing loose-fitting grey T-shirt and sweatpants, his hair still wet, Castiel very nearly lost his breath. The man was beautiful, it was almost unfair.
Posse_Magnet67[4:40PM]: I do! Went out earlier today to get them taken. A friend of mine did em. He’s no professional but I do hope you like them.
Sam’s face scrunched up in shock. “What? Why not?” Weren’t they friends? Dean honestly didn’t know the answer to that question, now that he really thought about it. Castiel was his tutor, that was all, right? “Sure looked like you are. You practically begged him to stay for pizza and more beer.” Sam grinned.
And Dean wasn’t helping, not at all. Everything within Cas screamed at him to take his hand, to hold it one last time. But he knew if he did then his resolve would be completely shattered and he’d ultimately stay here against his better judgment.
“I just had my car towed in. The Lincoln Continental. Not sure what’s wrong with it but it overheated on the highway.”
Posse_Magnet67[1:20PM]: Whatever! It’s a genius play on words that shines a light on an aspect of my life.
Charlie suddenly laughed, the whole idea having sounded preposterous. “Yeah, okay, like I’ll believe that.”
Dean laughed. “Yeah, I hardly think it’s that much of a surprise. I’m here fairly often, you know that.”
Especially now as he sat cuddled up on the couch, watching shit television just to keep himself from going too crazy. He contemplated the idea of food and if eating anything right now would be a good idea when the sound of someone knocking on his door interrupted his musings.
“Uhm, my friends told me I should come over.” Castiel was awkward, but in an endearing sort of way. The man certainly had balls though.
“So you’ve been here before huh?” Sam asked once they were seated at a table near the bar. “I mean no offense but this doesn’t seem like a place you might frequent.”
And yet, when Dean glanced over to see Castiel chuckle again, their eyes locked and the look in those blue eyes instantly took him back to the morning they shared a charged moment over homemade eggs and bacon. It was a bit muted now, shaded with uncertainty and a colored, painful history seated in the space between them. A history Dean didn’t want to touch for the fear of breaking.
Castiel eyed them both curiously as he took his seat. He looked much more comfortable now that wasn’t awkwardly standing there.
“Of course not! Bring her out, she’ll love it here. We’ll have to figure out something to do while you’re out here; find a lake or something.”
The omega rolled his eyes a second time that afternoon. “Of course I do. But you know my feelings on this. He suggested that unless I have a close alpha friend or mate to help, then I should check into a Heat Clinic. He warned me that since this is the first time I will have ever been taken off suppressants, it’s going to be a pretty intense heat and that I’m going to want someone there to help.”
Ex? Dean had dated someone while they were apart? Okay, so what? He had tried dating as well, so of course he did. The man was insanely attractive so of course someone would have snatched him up. It was fine. Castiel chose to ignore that bit of information. “So, you’re sleeping together?” He deadpanned.
“Oh, good morning Dean.” A deep, gravelly voice that most definitely didn’t belong to his brother, replied.
“Holy shit Cas!” Her eyes gazed over the photo thoughtfully. “I’ve never been into dudes before, but whoever he is, he’s hot!”
“I do. I can handle it on my own.” Except even Castiel didn’t believe his own words. His doctor informed him that unsuppressed heats are usually pretty intense. Castiel wasn’t so naïve as to not believe his doctor – he has experienced full heats before – it’s just been so very long. He’d be lying if he said the last one wasn’t the least bit traumatizing.
Everything around him quickly turned to chaos. The doctor and the attending nurses were scrambling to not only close up Castiel’s abdomen, but to also grab the equipment needed to get his daughter breathing. He caught a glimpse of his limp daughter being carried to the table and fuck…She was so tiny...Castiel lost it. He began begging and pleading for answers. “Please! Someone! Why isn’t she breathing!?”
What was going to happen after the party in the days to come? Castiel couldn’t like…If him and Posse Magnet had an amazing connection at the party and everything went well, Cas couldn’t in good faith pursue something with him when he already told Dean he had to step away for personal reasons. He needed help, needed to seek it and get better before he could be with anyone.
Posse_Magnet67[11:31AM]: You can come too if you like! You’d just have to deal with my brother’s stench in close proximity lol
Castiel rolled his eyes as he chewed on a strip of bacon. “It’s not like that Gabe; just a strange coincidence is all.”
A thrill shot through Castiel at the admission. This was, well, it was amazing, thrilling! Fuck it all, he wanted this, wanted Posse Magnet, wanted to fantasize about what he couldn’t possibly have and do it in a safe manner. Oh, he’ll meet Posse Magnet at the party and he knows it’ll be an exciting night, but will the guy really accept him and all his flaws? Would he be comfortable with the reality that Cas couldn’t sleep with him because of what he went through? Would he be willing to wait until he was ready? Assuming they had the same connection in person of course. There were so many questions in his mind, none of which could be answered right now.
With the tabs paid and their friends gone, Castiel joined Dean on the hood of the Impala with a Styrofoam box of fries shared between them.
The following afternoon Castiel set out to acquire the items on the list given to him. He made an afternoon of it since he was required to make the trek into downtown where the Whole Foods was located, so why not grab a cup of coffee from his favorite coffee stand and explore some of the other shops in the area? He did need a new outfit or two if he were to go out with Sam on a few dates during the month ahead.
