hear Sam’s breath becoming laboured – not only from exertion, but because he was stifling laughter.
- being with a guy, right?"
strong!"
He didn't hear Dean's response, he must have agreed, because Sam held out the phone to him.
A few days ago, Cas had come to Dean for help over Sam’s advances. He’d said… He’d said that he
"I'd happily spend the rest of my life hunting with you," Cas responded easily. "I'm a
voice responded, apparently speaking to Dean, “Seriously, I think it’s kind of
“Well, why don’t we try it again?” Sam asked mischievously.
to get to you.”
let them believe that he was getting it on? He didn't think he'd manage to get off tonight (he was
"Uh..." Dean shifted awkwardly, angling his body away from Cas a little, and Cas knew he was uncomfortable. "Why would you think I know anything about... About that?"
"I meant - I don't know what I meant, just didn't mean to upset you," He said quickly, laughing off his faux pas. "Although... maybe we should invest in some chap stick for you."
Sam's shoulder was warm, and his palm felt freezing against the air as he moved it away. "Of course, Sam."
about Dean, but even he could admit that Dean kept this part of himself pretty close to his chest. Even
He rubbed himself slowly, mimicking how he would have done it if Dean had told him to; he would have been unsure, but Dean would have bitten his lip, the way he did when he watched pornography. He would have stepped into the room, coming to loom over Cas, to get a better look.
The place had a few pool tables which he could hustle at, which was good, because goddamn Sam had the credit card, and Dean had handed most of his cash over to book his motel room. He only had about twenty dollars in his wallet, and if he wanted to get off his face, he’d need more than that.
He suddenly realised that they didn't have any weapons in the room, other than the demon-knife he kept in his boot, and presumably Cas' angel blade.
, Dean," Sam said, rising to his feet. "We were just-"
- understand that he was really talking about
“But…” He tried to keep the whine out of his voice, ”I thought you were already together?”
"Never said it was
Dean grabbed the book back roughly. "None of your beeswax."
"Well, I guess he'll appreciate
asleep.
Really?
of sex with him. Cas didn't mind that thought; yes, he was eager to explore his sexuality with Dean, but more than that, he wanted to live alongside him. He wanted to be the person that Dean woke up next to, to be there for him, to be the person Dean turned to when in need. He'd be happy if Dean slept with a new woman every day until the day he died, so long as he always came back to Castiel afterwards. Not that he
Cas had to agree. He had thought, when they’d first heard Dean and the woman together, that he would have preferred to have remained an angel, and avoid the terrible hurt of human emotion. And now, somehow, Sam had turned it all around – made him feel less alone, yes, but also made it clear that Castiel wasn’t feeling hurt unreasonably; that Dean was, in this case, crossing a boundary.
, let alone
Sam covered a hitch in his voice by clearing his throat. "She was... When I met her, I was so
"Cas, are you okay?" Sam said, sitting up properly, shifting across the bed to be closer.
Sam managed to get himself under control, looking up at Cas with an enormous grin. “You
It was when he had dared to slip his hand under the waistband that the door swung open, and Castiel froze, hand wrapped around his dick.
By the time they reached Kansas City, Dean was sitting in the front seat between them, physically separating Sam and Cas. He'd crawled into the front while they were on the highway, allegedly to, "Get a better view of these birds Cas keeps going on about."
He stayed there against the wall, tempted to hit his head against the wall, slam his face into it and smash open his skull, fucking-
"Forget which room was yours?" He asked, eyes running over Sam in a distinctly
"There's nothing to be afraid of," Sam said quietly to Dean. "Just talk to him. There's no pressure."
The unmistakable groan of bedsprings filtered through the wall, along with Dean's voice - muffled, but audible - "
form felt like the real me. I appreciated the power of this vessel - of
But he didn't. He stood stock still, listening and hating himself for it.
"I said it's
He slammed back the rest of the whiskey, gesturing at the bartender.
“Try what? Killing a rougarou?” Cas said disbelievingly.
out of the back seat.
"Of course - I can tell you all about the arguments the early prototypes had about their species," Cas said, carefully aiming the pointer at "featured exhibits", before tapping firmly on the mousepad. "Oh, you can pet the sting-rays? I've never done that before."
Dean jolted, glaring at the back of Sam's head.
Way ahead of you, idiot!”
exciting; for all the pain in the world, creation is a marvellous thing," Cas said, pushing the laptop back towards Sam. "It would be remiss of us not to pause and appreciate it on occasion."
"... So I should wear a school uniform?" Cas asked - it made sense, as the cartoon women Dean enjoyed were often in school skirts. Though the gendered nature of the garment highlighted the ways Cas was inadequate to Dean...
except for a loud static buzz, and he was listening intently to the wall. All sound had ceased; whatever Sam and Cas had been doing, they weren't doing it
Cas copied him, the bedsprings creaking loudly as Sam joined him, and they fell into a rhythm easily.
“We’re
Cas remained still, and silent. Dean's voice - "
━━✶━━
Cas obediently moves forward and leans into Sam's chest, letting Sam wrap his arms around him.
what Dean told you?” Sam asked incredulously. “He was with
problem," Sam said, coming to sit beside Cas on the bed again, mind ticking over what to do about Dean. "He clearly
Dean's lips were a thin line, head shaking minutely. "Nothing to talk about," He hissed back, trying to nudge Sam's hand away from the knob.
tattoo?"
Sam sat on the bed beside him, and Cas watched his long legs swing up onto the bedspread, eyes passing over the plain blue boxers, moving up to the abdominal muscles that were somehow visible even at rest.
He stared at Dean as he considered how to answer. He wanted to tell the truth, but he needed to avoid the
, he thought, eyes darting to the duffel bag still on the kitchenette table. He hurried over, erection rubbing against the soft material of his pants in a way that was distracting; he still clutched the remote tight in his hand as he started ruffling through the bag, searching for that little slip of plastic that would unlock the-
"Do they have burgers?" Cas asked hopefully.
skill transferable from my hunting days," He joked weakly. "And we just... She just saw right through it all. She told me about her... Well, about growing up. And she was angry, too... She was in foster homes, you know? She had all this baggage, and she told me that
"Sam, it's fine," Cas said softly. Both brothers glanced at him, and his glistening eyes gave away just how
" Dean called from the door. "Don't do something you'll regret!"
Dean had headed straight to the bar after Sam nearly cornered him in the parking lot.
"... I
single week of Cas focusing on Sam.
Not the most convincing look when they wanted to come clean about the whole thing.
━━✶━━
Cas felt his heart constrict, but not with the awful terror of before; now it felt like happiness had burst inside of him so rapidly that his lungs and heart struggled to make room for it. "
Sam gave him a concerned look, brows furrowing. "To stop?" He asked gently.
Sam rolled over and turned off the bedside lamp, plunging the room into darkness.
"... Maybe kids," Sam said, cutting off that line of thought. "The whole nine yards, you know? Just... That's what I think of when I think of
"I hated it," Cas groaned, letting go of one of Sam's hands to wipe his face on his sleeve.
new?" Sam pressed, mirroring Dean's posture, leaning forward on his elbows.
“Thanks, Cas,” Sam said, pausing to give Cas a wide smile. Cas met his eye, and Sam held his gaze for a beat; Sam added a wink, for good measure.
is- well, he definitely
"Anything," Castiel said earnestly.
"I can sleep anywhere," Sam answered, realising that there was no other furniture he could feasibly sleep on. "Hell, I can sleep in the car, if you want - it's my fault we're in this room, after all."
"Is that a problem?" Sam pressed, a challenge in his voice.
want to see the animals," He said, sounding amused. "I just meant that - if this is all too much, we can just... Sit Dean down and make him talk. Or stop."
them, too, because... I didn't want the life we were living. But I couldn't
"Cas, this is the
Dean," Cas said emphatically.
He could see Dean in his peripherals, just over Cas’ shoulder, pause in his movement and look up at them. “You two gonna help, or what?” He demanded, pulling another palm-full of spiced mince from the bowl.
"How many notches are there?" Cas asked suspiciously. "And which one will make Dean stop pulling away?"
"Yes I
"Sam," Cas said, a plan taking shape in his head. He stood and approached Sam hurriedly, not giving himself time to question the half-formed thought in his head.
Then an answering knock from the other side of the wall, and Dean's voice, "Get earplugs, asshole!"
preferred films," Cas snapped back. "A lone man against the world, who never expresses emotion? If they're
Just like that, Dean lost his steam, breath coming out in a rush.
that.
wouldn't hear them.
"Once you're done over there, I'll show you how to peel potatoes," Sam said with a wink.
That sounded like a
this? Was he just feeling lonely because Dean had abadoned him when he needed him the most, left him human and homeless? Dean had really thought that he'd be okay... But in retrospect, it was
on his face convinced Sam it was true. "Dean, when was this?"
, and as a human it was infinitely harder. It was harder again with
"I miss
like to," He admitted.
"Do we need to address the alleged
Cas could imagine what was happening next door, even though he didn't want to. He couldn't seem to
Dean leapt away as though he'd been burned, hurriedly moving to stand facing the wall. "I think you should go, Cas," He said roughly. "Just... Go ask Sam. Trust me. He'll..." Dean sighed heavily, shoulders sagging. "He'll take care of you."
Cas stared.
"Well, g'night," Dean muttered, ending the awkward standoff before it could drag on any further.
fighting,” Sam surmised, sighing heavily through his nose as he nodded knowingly. “About anything in
Sam wanted to say something. But what was there to
if Dean didn't have a crush on him."
Sam awoke two days later, miraculously healed by Cas’ sacrificed grace.
. He met Cas' eyes and said in a voice barely above a whisper, "
- let his brother die. It was the
"Getting there," Sam whispered, glancing at the wall; there were still dull, rhythmic sounds from the other side, a woman's voice rising in throaty moans. "But not sure if he heard you…"
“Bra unclips from the front,” She explained quickly, though he had yet managed to remove her undershirt.
-" He gasped, but Sam only held tighter, repeating reassuring phrases.
He wanted company tonight, he decided. She was cute, and clearly interested. He didn’t think his dick would cooperate, but he was really more interested in being
They kept it up while Cas rolled two more meatballs and Sam peeled about three potatoes, with Dean growing visibly more annoyed the longer Cas kept his eyes off of him.
"Do you know what's crawled up Cas' ass? He's been ignoring me all day," Dean huffed.
I wanted to have Dean's POV here, but it'll have to be next chapter... Stay tuned ;)
"Exactly," Sam said with a chuckle. "Trust me, we can get you
"No luck on deodorant? Body wash?" Sam asked ruefully, standing beside Dean and glancing around the contents of the trunk as though a full set of skincare products, mousse, floss, mouthwash and deodorant would spontaneously materialise.
“Oh, no, of course not,” Cas responded, hands wrapped around his coffee mug, staring at its contents.
Sam ups the ante the next week.
He gasped, rubbing his palm over his erection, thinking that Sam would still be walking to the Chinese food vendor, he had time to explore…
He fled into the bathroom, slamming the door behind him.
Made him feel.
," He breathed, only realising the depth of the feeling as he said it.
"Hey, no, really - it was kinda nice," Sam said reassuringly.
, not because it's
There was a beat of silence; he could feel the girl looking at him, but he kept his gaze on the wall.
She reciprocated, bringing a hand to rest over his dick; it twitched, to his surprise. Nonetheless, he pulled back from the kiss, warning her, "Might take me a bit to, uh... Fill out. Just had a few drinks..." He explained sheepishly, hoping that she wouldn't be
“Okay, so you
Dean more?" he asked, a nervous (and not entirely unpleasant) fluttering starting in his stomach.
"I'm going to sleep in the car," Cas said flatly, moving around the bed to the door.
━━✶━━
this, okay? He's just so-" Sam cut himself with a groan of frustration.
Sam didn't watch to see where he went, as a disgruntled looking teenager came out from the back to serve him.
it. He
He’d said it like he’d just seen straight through Dean in that moment.
joke that nevertheless got a giggle from her.
And it’s not like he’s got a monopoly on the guy. Sure, they were best buds. Honestly, he’s pushed Cas in the direction of tail before, as Cas had pointed out.
Cas looked longingly at the hallway to Dean's room, hoping that he would appear in the doorway, rather than remain locked in his room all day. Every time Sam tried to pull him out, he maintained that he was "cleaning his guns," and he should, "come back later." Sam had made a crude joke about Dean
, you know?"
"Did you... Did you want to join us?" Sam asked in a strained voice, slowly extricating himself from Cas, rolling awkwardly to the side to be able to stand up. "We were just... Watching a movie."
"I can sleep in the car," Cas said quietly, peeling the blankets off, exposing his bare chest to the chill of the night air. He felt silly, now, looking at Dean's sweatpants, which he was still wearing.
- hand holding it there while they-
, Cas - I can't
He tapped the card, not even looking at the cost, and tapped his fingers impatiently while the kids searched for the right keys.
, he’d seemed entirely unmoved by the actual
He was clearly feeling the pressure.
There was a pause.
He’s sitting at a table in the corner, but his mind is stuck in that moment, seeing Cas’ hand down his pants.
Cas under the influence… Or that it was
━━✶━━
to the check in desk.
Cas felt suddenly
Well, if Sam and Cas
━━✶━━
"I can't believe that we get to have a
have some of Dean's perspective next chapter B)
Cas nods, mind ticking over the thought of Dean agonizing over Cas' body being touched. He feels his face flush. He tries to turn his focus back to the film.
"I know, Dean," Cas said, wrapping his arms around himself. "It's fine."
"Yup - keep him on his toes, you know? And he'll probably be more receptive while he's still high on the - y'know - jealousy," Sam said with a winning grin.
that Sam had wanted to talk about something, and Dean was
Sam pointed at his ear and mouthed, "Can't hear you," leaning casually against the reception desk.
came out after 1990. The patrons skewed young, most around mid-twenties to thirties. There were other bars along this strip, but they looked more like those god-awful dance clubs that blasted new-age robot shit. He could settle for this.
It was hard to pretend to be into it at this point, but he tried - and so did she, moaning loudly as though she were trying to drown out the noise from next door. Not that it did much, now that the fucking headboard was banging against the wall, Cas' moans getting louder, and he wished he couldn't fucking hear it, but he also felt like he'd die if he didn't, if he didn't know what it sounded like, when Cas-
"... But Dean is your family... ?" Cas said slowly. "And you want to leave... ?"
"For sex," Cas said, just to ensure he was on the same page.
The sounds from the next room ceased, and Sam yelled into the silence, "Would you
been blue," He said, then seemed to realise what a ridiculous thing that was to say. "Is... Are you... ?"
against her hip before pushing them down and letting them fall to the floor.
about his brother.
"Reckon it's time to turn in?"
that Dean was head over heels for Cas.
Sam had sat back on the couch, and insisted that Cas sit between his spread legs. It was like being in his lap, but he was neatly packed right at the junction of Sam's thighs, leaning back against Sam's chest, Sam's chin nestled atop Cas' unruly hair. It seemed a position designed to maximise the points at which their bodies touched.
Sam was silently planning on how to get Cas alone to talk through what they needed to do next. He had acted pretty hastily, but it was necessary - Sam
Cas had only just rolled out of bed, late as usual, sipping a coffee in the kitchen. Sam kept topping up his cup, hovering around him trying to cheer him up.
" Sam repeated, throwing his hands in the air. "Okay, so you'd call
Maybe he should just come clean; tell Dean there was nothing going on, that Cas was free as a bird, and maybe give him a talking to about playing with Cas' feelings - and the fact that he refused to let himself be
“You’re not gonna make him wash his hands?” Sam teased.
So it was strange, to be cuddled close to Sam on the couch, watching
Sam couldn't stifle a laugh at the unexpected sight of Cas squeezing the paste directly onto his tongue. Cas' eyes looked at him in question, but Sam waved him off, swirling the toothpaste around his mouth with his tongue before stepping into the bathroom to spit and rinse.
“If you have a Dean-problem, you are talking to the world’s foremost expert,” Sam quipped. “What trouble is Dean causing in paradise?”
Cas sat at the kitchnette table while Sam closed the door and laid out the food, passing Cas a set of chopsticks.
shut up?"
Sam thought, leaning his forehead against Dean's door, sighing heavily through his nose.
He stopped that train of thought. Now was not the time to relive his questionable shower fantasies.
Dean is now looking at both of them, eyes darting between them like he can't believe what he's seeing.
"Let me finish - I need to know if it's just Sam, or if you're feeling anything weird about Sam, too, Cas."
She obliged, cheekily thumbing at the waistband and letting it
"Sam,
He'd thought that he'd understood Dean from the moment that he pieced his body and soul back together, but he was realising that his angelic nature had shielded him from the terrifying depths of human emotion.
for the purpose of fighting evil. I just want to fight for the
"You bought- what is all this stuff?" Sam says as Dean starts unloading the trunk of the Impala. Tucked between the racks of knives, guns, holy water, salt, oil, and borax, is an array of gardening tools and seed packets. Sam's jaw drops when Dean pulls giant packaged bags of
"Actually," Sam said, beckoning Cas closer. "I think he can deal with a taste of his own medicine."
like Dean could sense the intimacy of their movie nights. That he
After Dean had finished moping (staying in his room for several days, and only responding to people in monosyllabic grunts), he had stuck to Cas like glue. Helped him in the garden, did research with him, and insisted that Sam "take it easy" whenever he offered to assist in any way.
"The only issue is that I would prefer to be able to kiss during lovemaking, and that position doesn't provide much opportunity," Cas lamented.
"That doesn't- you
What if Dean wanted to start a family the way that Sam did? What if Castiel was only
… That was true. If Dean had already thought that they would be together, it seemed unfair of him to demand that they cease or remain silent…
Cas nodded. "I have never received gifts. No one has ever encouraged the things that bring my joy, like my garden or bees. No one has held me or expressed desire to be close to me."
Dean seemed pleased by that answer. "Well... I guess it's true. I mean, what do you to- How-" Dean cut himself off, flustered again. "No, I mean, whatever you're doing, it's probably-"
to Cas. He burst into his room and yelled, "Pack a bag, we're going to the zoo!"
an angel, now, was he? And Dean had
"Could you run down to reception and ask for a towel? There's none in here - rookie mistake, I know, shoulda checked-"
Apparently, he was ignoring them. Sam frowned and bounced a little harder, the mattress springs groaning and grinding.
Through the door, he heard Dean yelp wordlessly, a sound of shock and horror. But when he turned, he was faced with Cas.
that to
"I-" Dean started, stopped - leant forward, then paused, and sat up straight instead. His mouth opened and closed.
"I was thinking the next step could be dinner, actually," Sam said, patting his stomach. "Haven't eaten since before we left the bunker."
him."
A wave of uncontrollable rage swept through him at the thought that they
”, whatever that meant? Cas probably didn’t even
It hurt. This
"But you know what?
There was a resounding
him to speak up or hold his peace, and it's not just
"What are you talking about...?" Sam said into the phone.
"You- You
So Dean and his...
"It's harder to say out loud than I imagined it would be," He said, surprised at how thick his own voice had become.
you that?” Cas asked tensely.
Earlier today, Dean had
"He's always tried to push me into relationships with women," Cas explained quickly. "He's never had a problem with me being intimate with another person before… I don't understand how you think this will be different."
be. And it's... It's not right for you to... For you guys to...
“Did he
"It's
He immediately regreted it; he didn't even mean to say it. But the pain that had been clinging to the inside of his chest ever since the day Dean had abandoned him was determined to spill over.
She approached him. He didn’t rebuff her, because she came with a drink.
Cas wiped at the drops of coffee he’d spilled on his shirt, clearing his throat loudly. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” He said stiffly.
. He was
"Cas?" Sam repeated, the door opening a crack, Sam's sopping wet head poking out.
His grin trembled against the deluge.
Sam looked confused, glancing around the room. "... Where
not going to make a move, why shouldn't
, Sammy."
"I don't think we have time for a trip to the
Cas woke up after a full day had passed. Sore, tired, but able to relay what had happened. They opted not to tell Sam.
Sam's only response was to shake his head and mutter, "... That's
to think of Sam; he had just heard him, through the door,
, instead?
Now it the
"But the porn depicts real sexual acts," Cas answered, tilting his head as he tried to parse what that could mean. "Does real sex not include fellatio and anal penetration?"
It was that sentence that broke him, heaving sobs forcing their way through his ribs, clawing out his throat. He lost the ability to breathe properly, hiccoughing and gasping between sobs, tears running down his cheeks, onto his lips where he could taste the salt. Sam grabbed his other hand, squeezing hard, which helped ground him while the rest of the world seemed to spin around him.
Sam thought, listening to his brother cursing from outside,  as he found the door still wouldn't budge.
Cas couldn't listen to it, couldn't
"I dunno, like... His eyes are really
" Sam laughed. "But did he make a move, finally?"
with, do
, Dean; I was
Cas sat up, swallowing hard. He wanted to rush to Dean's side and console him - he looked
"Two rooms, please!"
Dean continued to ignore him. So he left.
Cas lay himself back down on the bed, laying on his side facing Sam, careful to ensure that the blankets covered him in a way that hid his arousal. Why were penises so
a mess of a person, and I just
. Because, uh..." Sam brought his free hand to rub at his neck. "Because... Well, it seemed like a good idea at the time."
“Hey, need any help?” Sam asked, moving past Cas, deliberately stepping into Cas’ eye line to give him a
Dean rested his elbow on his crossed knee, resting his chin on his hand, and stared at a space a few inches to the side of Castiel. He appeared deep in thought... Until his expression soured. "Why don't you just ask Sam what he wants?"
" Sam cried in disbelief.
talk to me, if you want. About anything. I mean, we all live together now, right?" Sam grinned back at him. "I feel like we hardly ever talk without Dean around, but... I mean, this has been kinda fun. Don't you think?"
Cas felt cold.
"Didn't- What? What, like, you only got to third base, or-?"
than bearable;
Sam tries very hard not to grin like an idiot, but the compulsion is strong. "So, we're starting a veggie garden... Underground?" He asks.
"Well, it'd just be me and him," Sam said with a shrug. "You could be here to hold down the fort, give us a call if anything comes up that you need us for?"
━━✶━━
"Thank you," Cas said, his voice sounding too deep, even to his own ears.
The ‘idea’ is a movie night; one of Dean's favourite activities with Cas.
Dean shook his head, crossing his arms as he paused his pacing. “In my experience, you can have one or the other. You're either fully in the hunting life, guns blazing, or you're sitting pretty in the suburbs, out of the game.” He glared at the wall, bitterness in his voice, as he muttered “... Can't have both.”
. But Castiel had no intention of hurting Dean, he just wanted...
, he realised, a cold pit opening in his stomach.
and he's
Cas, newly human after Metatron closed heaven, had been captured by Bartholomew’s followers. Weak as he was, he had still managed to get away… With the stolen grace of an angel inside him.
"Sounds very
Dean shifted his hips, bit his lower lip. "... I mean-"
He'd leave if he was asked to. But even considering the
looked at anyone like he looks at you. He's
to snap; he didn't even realise he'd been carrying that inside him until the words were spilling out. Even now he could feel his irritation as simmering undercurrent in his chest, the tightness inside his ribs immutable even as he consciously tried to relax his intercostal muscles.
Dean crossed his legs, running a hand over his mouth. "
"What's happening?" Cas hissed urgently. "Does he need our help-?"
Dean seemed to be thinking hard about his response. "I just..." He stood, pacing anxiousness with his hands in his jacket pockets. "I wanted something better for you. Better than... Than
━━✶━━
At least Sam's certainty that Dean - on
Is it his imagination, or does Dean look a little smug? "Oh, you know... You might not've been there for that conversation."
the thought of us together is freaking you out so much, Dean," Sam said, crossing his arms. "Do a little soul-searching, maybe."
Dean was stock still, face carefully blank, as he answered, "Why don't you tell me what you don't want to do - what'd you see that freaked you out?"
"You sounded upset," Dean said carefully.
"Uh-" Dean stood in the doorway, hand still on the doorknob, frozen like a deer in headlights.
Cas could see Dean slipping through his fingers again.
Sam paused in staring at Cas to realise he'd only peeled one potato. "Oh,  right... " he laughed, picking up the next one.
"Get earplugs, asshole!" Sam shouted back, and Cas couldn't suppress a chuckle at the absurdity.
He heard a pained grunt in the distance.
"Hey, I get it," She said, clearly nervous. "Look, I'm gonna-" She nodded at the door, leaning over to pick up some of her clothes.
Sam laughed. "They're in separate exhibits, Cas."
is over the line.
... And I also want to experience the human joys of companionship, and
"Uh..." Dean sat up, removing his face from her pussy, her knees still bent over his shoulders.
He lay there until the sun rose, rays of pale blue shining through the curtains.
Sam took the bag, slinging it over his shoulder. "Is this-?"
"About Sam."
tap that?"
Sam and Dean have a silent competition to do the most work the fastest, and Dean keeps trying to talk over Sam when Sam talks to Cas.
Oh. Right. He'd told Dean he' be...
make amends," Cas said earnestly. "You put Lucifer and Michael in the cage. You
"Okay, maybe we need to take it up a notch," Sam said, a gleam in his eye that reminded Cas that Sam Winchester was the fated vessel for Lucifer.
Dean paused, watching them.
"... Why would they trip...? Would they be inebriated?" Cas asked, frowning. "I understand that these courtships take place in a bar, but I think I would prefer to be sober..."
The thought sent him into a spiral, caught between
“We’re
“Because he was
"Yeah?" Dean perked up, but when he looked up at Cas, Cas' eyes were firmly on the cushion. "
Dean interrupted the staring contest by nudging Cas with his elbow. "Grab a handful and I'll show you how to shape it - you wanna make a little sphere to flatten into the patty..."
"Is... Something wrong?" Cas asked.
It was the fake date idea that he'd had. He honestly hadn't thought he'd need to use it.
He set his empty food container aside, pulling the device towards him.
warm, his face filling with heat. "Uh..." He
many terrible things, but one of the things that I regret the
- No,  Cas,  I swear he's being weird because you're with a
His body had started to calm down from its state of arousal, but it had only returned to the baseline of his post-breakdown
, and cast a spell on us, than someone you know might not be one-hundred percent heterosexual?"
"You... Wanted to talk?" Dean pressed, edging ever-so-slightly closer.
Sam can't help himself. "You sure, Dean? I'm sure it'll only require two-"
Would Dean have told him what to do?
The travel time to Kansas City was four and a half hours, and every second was
was sitting in there for a while," Sam quipped, though he still sounded concerned.
He sipped at the whiskey, trying to decide which was worse; that Sam was under a spell and about to
Then a grin crept up on his face as he added, "And maybe a little more pushing in the right direction."
Sam whispered, "
Sam leaned a hand on the wall to better distribute his weight as he kept bouncing. Cas tried not to let his eyes wander to the expanse of Sam’s abdomen, muscles visibly working to keep his weight shifting up and down, just as they would if he were thrusting his hips-
" Sam said.
"Dean, we're not-"
"Well, it's three-thirty, and the zoo closes at four," Sam replied easily. "Might as well rest up and have a full day tomorrow, right?"
. "And I am... Nervous. About moving forward. I was wondering... Wondering if you had any advice for me," Cas said, relieved to at least have moved the conversation back on track.
from the back of the room, and Dean appeared, bedraggled and covered in scratches, from a now-broken window along the back wall.
don't tell him I said this, 'cause I think he thinks that I don't know," Sam said in an urgent whisper. "But he usually sleeps around as a...
Dean sat on the end of the bed and looked up at Cas. He must have painted a pitiful picture, because Dean sighed and patted the spot next to him. "Mi casa, su casa," He said, shooting him a strained smile.
"You've always encouraged me to be in relationships with women," Cas said, hating the accusatory note he heard in his own voice. "I don't understand what the difference is
"Fooling around with what?" Cas asked.
“You look good in an apron!” Sam announced, and saw Dean stand up straight, patties forgotten. “Your waist is so tiny, I bet I could wrap my hands around it!”
, if you want it - people will trip over themselves for you. Guarantee it."
Dean froze.
he thought.
"He was just that good, huh?" Sam chuckled, leaving the condoms as they were, and cataloguing the rest of the supplies quickly -
baggage that he won't share with anyone else. And then with
"Then… Anything with red meat," he said, watching Sam leave.
the case that he didn’t care deeply for Sam. He was quite certain that if he
They lay in silence, Cas fighting the urge to roll into a more comfortable position, knowing he'd only be keeping Sam awake. He was restless, not uncomfortable. No amount of tossing and turning would sate his human body's nervous system enough to rest.
open up to him, but the
Cas paused, breathing heavily against the tiles, trying to calm his breathing enough to be able to speak without arousing suspicion. "Uh... Yes."
It wasn't fair that his body was so invested in sex. Why had God decided to build humanity this way, and then had the gall to declare lust a deadly sin?
Sam turned and locked the door behind him, waving at Dean through the glass before strolling up to the front desk and dinging the little bell.
"A Northern Cardinal," Cas pointed out, looking out the window. "That's the second one we've seen."
with him. He'd been racing Dean to the car; they hadn't packed anything. Not only did they have no pyjamas or toiletries, the only weapons they had were in the boot of the Impala.
"Sam?" He prompted when he remained silent.
"Guess again," Sam said, sauntering into the room.
who would initiate contact; who would press against him; who would run a hand over him, or squeeze gently, or pull him down to lay beside him.
in this way because of the potential of
He didn't know what else to say, and evidently, Sam didn't either.
Cas felt warmth bloom in him. "I am?" He said, touching his own face as though he would be able to feel some tangible force radiating out from his skin.
This is the chapter with a homophobic slur - hence the tag!
feels bad, because his older brother looks like he's
━━✶━━
is a good idea?"
- two feet away from us!"
Almost
Cas stared at him.
opportunity to raise the stakes. "Bring it in?" He says to Cas, holding his arms wide.
"I'm home!" Dean called, and Sam grabbed the remote and paused the movie.
Sam can't believe how
shit again? It wasn’t like Sam hadn’t found the “
was the one who had changed him so thoroughly; he’d turned on Heaven for Dean, rejected Fate for Dean,
"Maybe we were wrong, Sam," Cas said quietly. "Maybe he-"
A large part of him felt... Hollow. Like the noose constricting his neck and chest had fallen away, and his heartache had leaked out through his tearducts. His hands, he realised, had been shaking, and he squeezed Sam's hands again to control the tremors. He felt now, more than anything...
Sam chuckled, plucking the phone from Cas' hand and slipping it back in his pocket. "Proves what I was just saying," Sam says easily. "We
, Sam reminds himself.
kid."
Sam groaned, collapsing back against his pillow, hair splaying around his head like a dark halo. "Not
Cas responded with his classic head-tilt-and-squint combo. “In San Francisco, the bar with all of the leather. The man that interrupted our hunt.”
━━✶━━
"Unless you wanna try a bath in holy oil, nada," Dean said, pulling a fully packed duffel bag out and handing it to Sam. "Guess you'll have to go get your
, sounded like they were really into... Whatever the fuck they were doing.
He swallowed, voice wavering, but not failing him. "Breaking the wall. It was-
He stepped into the spray before wrapping a hand around himself, letting the water lubricate the slide of his palm, groaning low in his throat.
then; and you made amends. I won't say it wasn't...
Cas had, at Sam's suggestion, scrolled through a variety of pornographic content on the internet - for "inspiration" when he talked to Dean. Sam's idea was for Cas to describe as many sexual acts as possible, in the hope that Dean would break, and admit that he was interested.
. Because he
Sam startled as his phone rang, letting go of Cas's hands. "Oh!" He said loudly as he hastily pulling it from his pocket, eyes glancing at the caller ID before answering, "Dean?"
Cas nodded along, swirling the last dregs of his black-bean beef around his container with his chopsticks, happy to let Sam rant. He'd felt exhausted after retelling his conversation with Dean, strung-out like he'd flown too far on too little grace. Tired on a level deeper than physical.
Sam sighed, running a hand through his hair. "And I was going to... And
It had been embarassing, yes. But not like at the men's shelter. There was no ridicule, or expulsion from the dwelling.
He tried not to feel too triumphant.
Cas shifted his weight from one foot to another, glancing at the windows, where they could hear Dean banging on them.
to believe this is real."
"Well, I am very flexible," He said, another truth.
"That there's nothing to be afraid of?"
- to express the relief that filled him. He hadn't even known that he'd been so desperate to hear that the Winchesters - at least one of them - was willing to forgive him.
Cas rested comfortably against Dean, pressed against his side, looking content. Dean, cramped between them,  looked like he was about to blow a gasket.
Sam went for the killing blow. "I hope that you don't mind getting a separate room?"
Cas returned it with a crooked smile, and all Dean could do was watch in confused panic.
"I haven't had sexual relations before-"
? At least if he’d had a vagina, his arousal would be less detectable.
"Hey, keep it down!"
"Hey," Sam said, approaching the bed, happily holding up the toothpaste, half of the tube squished and rolled into a spiral. "No toothbrushes tonight, but you can still put some in your mouth," He said, demonstrating by squeezing  some onto his finger and rubbing the minty green goo onto his front teeth.
He could feel the slosh of the liquid in his stomach, and the acidic burn at the back of his throat reminded him that he hadn’t eaten before starting on the booze.
Dean.
The door opened, and Sam stumbled forward, no longer supported by it; he staggered, nearly dropping the duffle as he overbalanced, awkwardly straightening up to see Dean giving him a questioning look.
Cas heard a door slam nearby, and Sam called out, "Hey, we're only next door if you change your mind!"
"I thought he made it clear that he
, if you want to know my headcanon regarding that! )
Sam barely listened, ears picking up on a terrible scraping sound, like a too-old door being forced open. He probably had to hurry.
He'd tried all the usual places - his room, where he tended to gravitate. The kitchen, where he liked to clean and organise, when he wasn't trying his hand at cooking. The garage, where he was often found polishing or maintaining the fleet of vehicles. He'd even tried the laundry, even thought it wasn't "laundry day", as sometimes Dean just liked to clean his sheets and have fresh ones at the ready.
"Okay... Bye?" Sam called out, watching Dean march away. "Do you- need the keys?" He added, pulling them hastily out of his pocket.
He hadn't even considered that he'd be in the library, pouring over books.
powerful-"
I tried to use them to save humanity from Raphael, and they weren't
bee-themed pot.
"I said I
feel pretty at home there..." He gave Cas a knowing smile, but again, Cas
who wouldn't want to date him. And then?" Sam pointed to himself, "When that excuse was shot down, he looked at
"What was
, and Cas didn't even seem like he
"It seems plenty relevant. Cas, are you into guys?" Sam said, looking down at the angel in his lap.
"Uh, no," Sam said, pulling the duffel's strap back over his shoulder. "You going somewhere?"
if you were... You know- uh... Like
"Good thing one of us does his cardio!" Sam sing-songed to Dean, who was visibly struggling to keep up.
thing he couldn't do.
Sam leaned out the door after him and called, "So I guess this means you won't care if
, but it was okay, 'cause I was gonna
"I'm sure!" Dean snaps, head whipping around to glare daggers at Sam.
, right?" Sam asked softly, squeezing Cas' hand. "After... After everything."
," Dean said miserably, glaring at the far wall.
loud.
Really, it was because Sam had started explaining the concept of "road head" to Cas. Sam felt he deserved a pat on the back for that one.
Sam laughed, waving a hand dismissively. "No, no... I could see that you were upset about something, it's no big deal."
Sam paced easily across the room, towel wrapped around his head to keep his hair from dripping, boxers clinging to his hips, which cut a sharp “v” at his hipbones. Cas watched him as he placed his folded clothes on the night stand, eyes drawn to the visible ripple of muscle as he simply moved across the room.
They sat silently for a
… But this was different.
Cas felt even
. Human body language was just that; a
, and Dean felt nauseous, a sharp pain shooting through his ribs.
,” Sam declared, voice hushed again. “Dean can cope how he likes, but he doesn’t have to be
The sounds of the bed helped to drown out the noise from next door, and even though he could hear a woman’s voice, he couldn’t hear
Dean glared at him, but seemed unable to
he'd-
"Well, if you're sure..." He said, already looking forward to lying on the mattress. At least Cas couldn't say he hadn't been warned. "I'm gonna shower and then turn in. Unless you wanna shower first?"
that?"
“You’re new to the whole human thing,” Sam reassured him. “Only natural to get confused sometimes. What’s he giving you the run around on?”
Cas' chest tightened, frustration flaring. "Why not?" He demanded.
Dean immediately straightens up, his head popping
Dean tossed the book to the side and leaned forward to rest his elbows on the table, that same strained smile plastered on his face. "You two have seemed
seeds at Walmart. We can get a whole pumpkin patch going before Halloween! Have you ever carved a pumpkin before, Cas?
was thinking that we
He heard Dean's hissed, "Oh my God...", but Dean didn't say anything else. Just kept standing facing the wall, not even looking at Cas.
Cas thought back to the prepared talking points that Sam had given him. "I am inexperienced with physical pleasure. Even taking care of my own needs is fairly new to me... Can I use the same method I use on myself on-" He nearly said
know.
like to have what you two have - You guys get to have your couple's nights, you know? And I just- I'd like that, too. Have someone. To... To
"Oh my
Dean scoffs, crossing his arms in turn; mirroring Sam in a way he does when defensive. "I mean, if he wanted, sure, I'd help him get started," Dean says shortly.
, he decided, pulling the girl through the carpark to the stairs.
"Hold up, Sam!" Dean shouted, sprinting towards them.
"So you would prefer me nude?" Cas asked, carefully phrasing it as Dean's preference, as per Sam's coaching.
Cas gave him a strained smile. Those were, obviously, his
"... Yeah, where the hell did he-"
Dean's muffled voice sounded through the wall, followed by giggling. It sounded like there might be some sort of struggle happening next door, maybe Dean had been
“Uh… Hey, Cas,” Dean said. “Why don’t I show you how to make the patties?”
"Sure thing, the deposit is…"
. His racing heart, his breathing, the sweat on his palms... He was at the mercy of it.
Dean looked relieved.
"Oh," he said quietly, running a tentative hand over the hardness forming in his pants. It occurred to him that the plain grey sweatpants he was wearing were Dean's. He ran his hand over the bulge again, inhaling sharply through his teeth as sensation shot up from the point of contact, through his penis, up through his spine. His lips tingled, and he wet them with his tongue as he explored further, squeezing ever so slightly.
Sam would take a while in the shower. He always did, taking dutiful care of his skin and hair; Dean often complained about it, but in his angelic form, he'd often witnessed that Dean tended to use the time to service his own needs while Sam was busy in another room.
has baggage, and we're all just trying to deal with it.
He was surprised when Cas gave him an irritated look. “Of course I have,” He said indignantly. “He pulls away!”
He could
Cas' home. He had been permitted to stay there now for a long time - longer than he'd dared to hope - and he'd managed to remain useful on hunts, and for research.  But what if he were injured? What if he became incapacitated in such a way that he was no longer considered useful?
, he didn't say.
, and I think I'm gonna spend the entirety of the rest of my life making amends, and I'll never even come
"I was. Sam helped me through it," Cas explained.
. If you figure out how to crack him open, let me know."
Dean nodded. "I... Yeah, of course," He said readily.
Cas, careful to hold the cushion in place with one hand, reached over and picked up the slippers. He placed them on the ground in front on him, and one-handed, slipped his own shoes and socks off of his feet. Then he slid his feet into the bumblebee slippers, wiggling his toes in the soft polyester fuzz. The little antennas jiggled with the motion, their giant, anatomically-incorrect blue eyes sparkling. "Thank you, Dean," He said sincerely.
"And if he
He heard Sam's footsteps through the door.
to," He said with a shrug, as though it were no big deal. "If you bottle everything up, it'll come out sooner or later. That's just... Part of being human."
"Well,
Sam snorted a laugh at that, the movement forcing a single tear to drip down his cheek, which was hurriedly wiped away with a too-casual brush of his hand.
"Once we really get this going, we can expand it, get some more variety in this garden," Sam is saying casually, and Cas is nodding along, smiling warmly.
- Who said anything about- about- I didn't-"
"Wha- Water? Sure they can!" Sam countered, looking confused. "I've seen pictures of firefighters helping them sip from bottles?"
"He heard me crying," Cas explained. "I think he could hear us through the shared wall."
"Exactly," He said.
“Okay, let’s try bouncing,” Sam said, pushing up from his knees and then letting his weight settle again. “Just like that.”
Sam patted him on the shoulder again, giving him a sympathetic look. "I honestly don't know. He won't even talk to me about Dr. Sexy, and that's a
'," Sam said in a deep, gruff imitation of Dean, earning a soft smile from Cas. "If I
was the right person. It was
"Thanks for talking to me today. You know, about... Stuff. It means... It means a lot, that we can talk like that," He sounded abashed when he added, "Especially about the whole... Not thinking I'm an abomination anymore. Didn't realise how much I needed to hear that."
"So," Cas says slowly, watching Jake Gyllenhaal pull Heath Ledger into what looks like a non-consensual kiss. "We have to try and make Dean see us touching, and then act as though we didn't want him to see it."
"This show is very relatable, and entertaining," Cas said, wrenching Sam from his thoughts.
He crawled, still naked, into bed, pulling the comforter around himself, hugging a pillow to his chest.
"Oh, hey," Sam said, pulling out a container of something meaty from one of the bags. "Got you dinner?" He waggled the box at Dean.
for Dean. He spends the day discussing his plans for the garden, and Dean pays rapt attention, hanging onto every word. Whenever Sam chimes in with suggestions, Dean interrupts him, and Sam has to keep standing behind Dean and waving his arms to get Cas to remember to
Sam scoffed. “Is
to be quiet when
true.
He could entertain himself with this little game the whole way there.
to engage in anything physically intimate with Sam that way, or had it only been fun to
Cas blinked. "If
Through the wall, he heard Cas moan.
"Neither of us has wings, Sam," Cas said dourly, although he knew that wasn't what Sam meant. He didn't
at me-"
Sam grinned at him. “You and Dean,” He said, smiling wider as Cas choked on his coffee, coughing as he put the mug down. “Or have you already moved in together without telling me?”
," he moved back to his position at the base of the bed, between her legs. "Think I was just getting acquainted with
He stood under the spray, thoughts racing.
." Sam's expression shifted to one of annoyance, "Because he won't
While the knife was in, Sam might as well twist it. "Well, I can fix that."
He still held the shadow of a rosy blush high on his cheeks, but he looked more amused now.
Cas got in the car.
'chick-flicks'," he said flatly.
Sam was pacing back and forth across Cas' room, Castiel laying on the bed, staring at the ceiling.
thing, I guess. More than I realized."
"Hey, Cas?" Sam's voice called out, and Cas froze.
"Cas, your lips are so dry, they hurt to
of pointers."
"Then..." Cas raised his head a little, brow furrowed. "Then why won't he...?"
"Allow me," Cas said, taking the remote from his hand and switching the TV off.
date, he couldn't even refer to you and say the word '
to feel aroused... But the way that she stared into his eyes, squinting and tilting her head ever so slightly as her hand worked his dick in a well-practiced motion - something in that was working for him.
so slightly on each descent, his human body reacting to the way the mattress shifted under him in counterpoint to Sam’s bouncing, reminded him, oddly, of the sensation of flight.
He clicked the channel name, and a notification popped up on the screen, advising that credit card payment was required.
him- And was Sam reall going to just
, as I am. I can't help you or Dean like I used to..."
Try as he might, he couldn't reconcile Dean's vision of the world with his own experience. “I think you're wrong,” he said, earning a patronising scoff from Dean. “I’m happy to have weeks at a time on the road, hunting and fighting, if in between, we can watch movies, or eat burgers, or grow a garden.”
There was no one at the desk.
"I'm aware," Cas said simply. "I've watched you sleep before."
he was-"
fun,” Cas said, laughing.
He struggled against the taps to ensure the right water temperature for the shower -
Cold shot down through his spine.
Dean straightens suddenly, chest puffed out and eyes hard. "Oh? That's probably not- He probably wants to do it himself."
"I like my vessel," Cas murmured, turning his face into the sheets a little, lips catching on then as he spoke. "But... It would be easier if I had one more...
Sam startled when one of Cas' hands snaked across the table, gently holding one of Sam's. His eyes, reddening and wet, turned up to meet Cas'.
Especially because the bunker, in truth,
, for like, a week, out of
Cas frowned. "Well..."
, he heard her say, as clears as though she were in the room. His heart clenched.
" Sam gave him a crooked smile. "He'll be so jealous - I will make him so jealous, that he'll crack."
"I don't hear anything," Cas said, head tilting in Sam's lap.
"Right, but it might make it hard for you to sleep," Sam said. "I also might... Steal all the blankets. In my sleep! Not on purpose."
Sam looked at him quizzically, then chuckled. "Oh - you
He must’ve looked, and found nothing.
"You sure?" Sam asked, brows lifted to wrinkle his forehead with concern. "What upset you? Is it cause-" Sam sighed, rubbing a hand over his face. "It's me, running my mouth again, isn't it? I know that I keep talking about you and Dean like you're already together. But he'll come around, I
"But... You
Sam had taught him how to respond to this question. "Well, I tried watching pornography," Cas said as casually as he could manage. "But I don't know how comfortable I am doing some of the things depicted there."
She beamed up at him, but he wasn't ready to let himself go too far - not with Sam so close.
, kind of... I told him there wasn't a spell?" Sam offered a crooked smile.
"I'll break this window, Sam, I swear!" Dean shouted.
have some spare suits in the trunk.
Sam puts the groceries down on the ground and says, "Come up to the garden and I'll show you." He’s looking at Cas when he says it, but Dean is the first one up the stairs, taking them two at a time.
"See?" Sam turned back to Dean. "So... Knowing I don't care?"
"You know..." He gestured vaguely between them. "
When Cas and Dean watched movies, they often sat in separate chairs that were pushed together, or lay on Dean's bed. Dean was careful to not sit or lie too close to Cas... Not until he was a few drinks in, at least. Then Dean might rest his head on Cas' shoulder, or press his thigh next to Cas'. Cas cherished those brief moments. However, if he reciprocated too hard, Dean had a tendency to pull away.
It would take work to get her back to the point she was at; fuck, if she didn't come at all, she'd probably make some excuse and leave. Then the whole thing would've been for nothing.
But he turned his face back into the pillow to silence another peal of laughter.
Aside from a few missteps along the way.
done... Things we're not proud of. Made mistakes. Doesn't change that we're family, you know?"
━━✶━━
to see how the day plays out. With Sam letting Cas control the pace, he feels more confident that the day will be bearable.
"Well, I'm gonna start getting ready for bed," Sam announced, standing and stretching his arms above his head, moving towards the bed, only to be stop short when he realised he hadn't brought
," Sam whispered.
"That's definitely for the best," Cas said gravely.
Dean’s frown twitched, lips quirking for a barely-there second into amused smile. The next moment it was hidden again under that dour mask. “So, you're going build a life with Sam, huh?” He asked, voice edged with that strained tightness again.
Or maybe it’s just the bile that he keeps tasting whenever he pictures Sam’s hands on Cas.
"I was wondering if we could talk," Cas said, heart dropping at Dean's tired, red-rimmed eyes.
"Like this," Dean would have said, putting his hands over Cas', directing him to press his fingers a little tighter, move a little faster. "This feels good," He'd have said, running a fingertip over his perineum
didn’t get room service, to which Dean flushed and grumble something unintelligible. Cas, too, plodded along after Dean, looking like a love struck puppy, always eager to join whatever Dean did; letting Dean teach him how to load, clean, and fire a gun; letting Dean pull old coats out of long-untouched wardrobes for Cas to try on; letting Dean drag him into the garage to teach him how to care for the cars. Dean even  letting Cas under baby’s hood, while he made Cas watch him change the oil.
, in Dean's - and Sam' - souls. Only since being human himself was he beginning to understand it... And the healing effect of opening up that pain to others.
. He has warned Cas in advance to try and have a strong reaction to it, but was careful not to give away what it was. He's also lectured Cas on not letting Dean draw too much of Cas' attention to himself, either - this whole thing will only work if Dean's jealousy is strong enough to cloud his judgment.
It only took a few strokes for his penis to feel hard as stone in his hand, his knees feeling weak as he let the sensations consume his thoughts.
I can’t believe you-”
At least, it was to
I don't think anything will really come of this, but it'd be nice if Chaos Machine got to see some positive feedback/excitement for their project!!
"Wha- who's your brother?" The kid asked incredulously.
"Got you these," Dean mumbled, dropping the fuzzy slippers between them.
it relevant," Sam said. "If you want to... I dunno,
to you about it, even though we
with. Get a
of established rules. Like, it's fucked that we can
Mattress springs creaked loudly, accompanied by a harsh grunt that was all-too-familiar.
before
"No!" Dean yelled, looking at Cas for help. "Cas, you could read minds, or whatever - tell him that's not true!"
it; the heat, the envy, the
Cas wondered what he was picturing in his mind's eye; perhaps that persistent dream of his, of a picturesque nuclear family that he might never have. Cas wasn't sure how to communicate the enormity of the unfairness that the universe had levelled against this good,
Even with his body so eager to rest, his mind didn't stop racing. Sam was convinced that Dean felt something more for him. But what if Sam was
We've fought and won against the apocalypse together? He dragged me outta the cage, then took the trauma of that out of my soul and into his? That's
And found, instead, several locked channels that advertised something entirely different.
Cas' whole body stiffened, though one part was
But what was there left to say? Dean would never say anything. If Cas dared to push, Dean pulled away. It seemed, more and more, that the only explanation left was that Dean would never allow them to be anything more than what they were now.
“Of course, Dean,” Cas said, happily trotting over to Dean’s side.
"Cas?" Dean called, and Cas answered, "I'm here!"
He came and sat down next to Cas.
"So, Cas," Sam says loudly. "How about we start on the garden now?"
acts like that, right? They're just
Cas touched a finger to his lips, feeling the tiny flaps of flaking skin. "I never thought about it," He admitted. "Did it make - Was I bad at it?"
"I wouldn't be averse to it, Dean," Cas said quietly.
Cas wasn't sure why Dean objected to Sam using his "victim voice"; Cas found it quite soothing.
Cas sighed and turned around, moving to collapse across the bed, face down in the sheets. He mumbled something into the bed.
It felt strange to think of Sam while his body was so keyed up, hand working himself vigorously; Cas had only rarely walked in on Sam in the same compromising positions, having spent most of his time watching Dean. But he
When Sam lowered his hands from his face, his eyes were reddened, and infinitely more fatigued.
"It doesn't feel like it," Sam said quietly. "Seems like we only made things worse while trying to clean up
"I didn't want to," Cas said in a rush, the words rushing out of him. "I... She was very insistent."
"No, I just
But for all that Dean stood closer, he didn't open up in any way. Cas had made a comment about Dean's closeness once, a humorous to reference Dean's favourite criticism of Cas. "I suppose I can forget those lessons on personal space, then," he'd said, leaning in closer.
Sam was laughing so hard that tears were streaming down his face, which Cas saw when Sam turned his head to the side to wheeze, “
"Sam, is this really-"
Sam managed to keep up the bouncing while he leaned closer to the wall, listening for Dean’s reaction.
He lay his head on the pillow, hair still slightly damp, even though he'd rubbed it down thoroughly with the towel. He would have lain there, stewing in guilt until he fell asleep, if not for Sam's quiet, "Hey."
Get a room?
He'd probably fucked this up beyond repair. He couldn't think of anything to say that would bring her back around.
Dean's eyebrows rose to his hairline, sucking in a deep breath.
Dean's eyebrows flew up, his face flushed as he choked on a laugh, and his hands flew up defensively. "Whoa, whoa,
name?"
"When that happened, I talked to Sam about it, and he assured me that it didn't have to count it as my first, if I didn't want to," Cas said quickly.
far up his own ass, I-" Sam paused in his pacing, fixing Cas with a fiery look. Cas glanced down from the ceiling to meet his eyes. "You said he crossed his legs, though - that's a good sign. We just need to push
, even. He'll get to spend a day experimenting with physical contact and talking about the creation and development of various non-human animals.
“Every time you want to look at Dean, look at
let him.
guy..."
He revelled in the utter silence that engulfed the room behind him.
"Yeah- yeah," Sam said, lowering his arms. "Just realised I don't have a toothbrush. Or a gun."
What else could he critique about porn, without saying, 'I hate that it wasn't you and me'?
"I thought you said that we didn't have time for a trip to the zoo?" Sam said, suppressing a victorious smirk at Dean's flailing.
This wasn't helping his erection go away. He ended up removing his hoodie to tie around his waist to cover it, and fled to the reception desk.
“If he- If he really-“ Cas coughed, tried again, “If he really feels that way, then… Why does he keep pushing me away?” Cas asked miserably.
"Uh... Sure, what about?" He said, leaning on the door frame in a way that made it clear he wasn't about to invite Cas inside.
that he’d been…
"I had no idea," Cas admitted. He'd
,” Sam said smugly. “He couldn’t
, even inadvertently, and went back to stroking his hair, feeling foolish.
"How long do we have to sit like this?" Cas asks, resisting the urge to wriggle.
“Ooh, fancy,” Sam said, moving to the cutlery drawer.
Dean looked lost again, visibly struggling to find words. "I... What kind of advice? I mean... Been a long time since
"Oh, no, he was terrible," Cas explained, eyes still glued to the television as Sam moved around the room. "I ended up having to train him personally; I usually trained the advanced fighters, but he had injured too many of the lower ranks, and everyone refused to train him. He was nearly reassigned," Cas smiled fondly, as though it were a good memory. "He stabbed me several times during our first session, and not on
“Uh… Thank you, Sam,” Cas said, allowing Sam to tie the apron closed behind him. Sam let his hands rest on Cas’ waist for
"Uh..." The girl said, pushing herself into a sitting position. "... Look- I can see that they're bothering you, but I'm okay with it. But if you're not, maybe we can just call it a night-"
Dean was quick to throw his torso over the front seat, intercepting Cas, and roughly shoving his hand into Sam's pocket. "Got it!" He declared, pulling the phone free.
He's almost...
"They're a species native to the area," Sam says proudly, admiring the brightly painted hive box. "There's a little hobby farm nearby that keeps them, and I bought a hive for you - you know, to help pollinate the garden, and just... You know." For effect, he shuffles his feet and looks down shyly, as though he's
Cas felt his face heat up. "Of course, Sam. I'm sorry if I crossed a line..."
Sam stared. The perfect picture he had in his head of the two of them, adoringly staring into each other’s eyes when they thought no one else was looking, cracked in half down the middle. It felt, oddly, like the day they’d learned John had fathered another son; some kind of familial betrayal.
His words only seemed to spur her on, a look of deep concentration coming over her features as she busied her hand between his legs.
? "Of course, Sam," He said softly. "It was... I needed it, too. I wish I'd known how much I needed it sooner."
Dean trailed off, shifting his weight from foot to foot, burying his hands in his pockets.
They'd talk about everything tomorrow. Sam was
Cas turned his head, peeking over his shoulder to look at Sam. "Hmm?"
Cas was doing an admirable job of keeping his eyes on either his hands as they shaped the meatball, or on Sam; they never wandered over to Dean... Who was starting to notice.
"Don't knock it 'till you try it," Dean joked, though he held himself in that strained way that he did when he was quipping to deflect from tension.
And it would be worth it. Dean deserved to be happy.
"Isn't it already different, Cas?" Sam reasoned. "Has he ever chased you down and tried to stop you being with someone before?"
, and it wasn't like I
She gave him a stern glare, looking pointedly at the water, before turning to her other customers.
"Sorry, what'd he tell you?" Sam asked innocently.
But maybe that was
Dean stared between the two of them, confusion warring with frustration on his face.
, though," Sam insisted, pulling himself up to sit on the bed beside Cas' head. "It's
"I guess he will," Dean snaps back, grabbing a bag of soil and marching it into the bunker.
But Cas’ joy didn’t last, punctured by a slowly growing frown. Sam tilted his head in question. “Cas?” He asked gently.
Dean was silent for a moment. A long moment. Then he blinked, cleared his throat again, and said, "You definitely don't need to dress up, Cas. It's fine."
," He said, smiling as Cas turned his head to meet Sam's eyes. "Just listen to him out there."
from Dean... I just want
Cas' brow furrowed, thinking deeply on the question. "I didn't have a chance to look up the zoo's animals in advance. I am not sure what will be there."
"I think it's more likely that he's more concerned for
This is way,
" He heard Dean yell, but he didn't look back, already pushing open the door.
"Yes, actually," Cas said, fiddling with the lid of the take-out box in front of him. "I think I'd like that."
Cas looked down into his box of takeout, suddenly very invested in pushing the last of the sauce-soaked vegetables around.
"So, touch you
of us," Sam responded easily.
He startled at Sam's voice, but quickly gathered himself enough to nod.
Cas talks to Sam.
Sam had planted an idea in Dean's head deliberately, and now Dean was out buying Cas some bumblebee slippers. By which he meant he'd shown Cas a picture of them online, Cas had fawned over them, and Sam had mentioned he might head down to Target and pick up a pair for him... Dean had grabbed the keys and immediately said he'd do the grocery run. He'd be back any second to find them on the couch.
Dean paused, tilted his head, eyes squinting. Then he looked down at his own feet again, clearing his throat. "I... I guess I'll go get the groceries from the car."
Dean gave him a strained smile. "Can't a guy just want to be prepared for anything? There's a lot of knowledge just sitting here, might as well use it..."
, perhaps you should consider not trying to so hard to emulate the
"Find anything?" He asked casually, approaching Dean.
Dean didn't seem to have anything further to say, just lapsed into silence, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, staring at the ground.
, Castiel could see his physical appeal, as well... But there was a
"Dean," Cas said breathlessly, folding his hands in his lap, hoping to hide his erection from view. His fingers brushed it ever so slightly, sending sparks of pleasure through him, and he bit down on his lip to stop himself gasping.
It had been a long time coming, and Sam was inordinately happy for his brother. Sam had always clung to the belief that even a hunter could lead a happy, somewhat domestic life, if they had the right person by their side. It was clear that, for Dean,
faux nonchalance.
under his skin, made his heart jump and rattle, made his breath-
Dean looked legitimately surprised. "Oh," He said. "I thought you meant fag."
Just as he pulled the last one closed, they heard Dean banging on the door. "Open up, Sam!"
"Just
"Would you go out with him?"
Cas continues to slide deeper into sexual frustration. Sam introduces him to pillow talk.
really going to prevent him from saying
with... Maybe even-" Sam cut himself off, sighing. His face seemed to shift between determined and resigned.
, and... And I was so used to
"Sure, Cas," Sam laughed, indulging the friggin'
"Yes- please!" Dean shouted over his shoulder as he disappeared around the threshold. "Just trust me!"
," Sam groaned through gritted teeth.
“Alright,” Cas said, and Sam paused in his movement, letting Cas kneel on the bed and awkwardly walk on his knees until he was within a foot of Sam. Up close, he could hear Sam’s slightly heavy breathing, and see the glint of his sweat refracting the light of the bedside lamp.
He sighed against the wall, pressing his forehead harder against the plaster as though that would ease the tension headache building there. He wished he had something more to fucking drink. He'd polish off a whole bottle of
Cas knocked hesitantly at Dean's door, and was met with a gruff, "Go
"Supplies. Put two shirts in there for you. Toothpaste, too - no brushes, like I said - and a couple of weapons. You know, same old," Dean said, hauling a second bag over his own shoulder and slamming the boot shut.
Sam was done. He was ready to confess, to admit that he and Cas weren't a thing, and hold an intervention right then and there. "Dean-"
"Thanks," Sam said, watching Dean as he slipped his hands into his pockets, eyes on the ground. "You know, I
our help," Sam says, puffing out his own chest a little.
, his mind unhelpfully supplied.
he couldn't give up. "He's a stubborn ass, sure, but I know he's got some baggage about... About the
He was so caught up in his thoughts that it took him a minute to notice Cas starting at him with an intensity usually reserved for Dean.
Dean has his
It became obvious that Dean didn't have the guts to confront the obvious flirting; instead, he sighed, and said, "Nevermind," as he pushed himself up from the table to leave.
felt that, only an hour or so before, when he saw Cas-?
"Huh?" He said, looking up, one hand still wrapped around a hunting rifle.
" Sam snapped. "If
, with the way Dean carried on.”
It really
"Of course, Sam," Cas said, hands wringing together over his lap cushion. "Anytime."
"Not really," Dean said, eyes glancing in Cas' direction. "We just slept together and hung out."
Sam guffawed, locking eyes with Cas and nodding at the wall as if to say,
"Fuck," Dean hissed, so quietly that Cas barely heard it. He was now gripping his crossed knee tight enough that the knuckles were losing their colour.
Dean is in the room immediately, scanning Sam for the surprise. Sam gives him a shit-eating grin and offers the groceries. "Oh, Dean, could you unpack these for me? I just wanna show Cas something outside."
But Sam eventually managed to whisper, "Jess."
"Oh," Sam said innocently. "But I was going to show Cas how to use the potato peeler."
"Hey, Cas," Dean said, voice low and face pale.
longer that I thought it would to get here. I feel like I
It wasn’t Dean’s fault that Castiel held so little interest in him.
." He gestured around them, but Cas didn't understand.
Cas was then facing Dean, who had, again, looked up. Sam risked a glance over Cas’ shoulder, and found Dean staring at them quizzically.
," He said, grinning wickedly.
, and I thought... I thought that I could use that to save everyone."
, per se, but yes; we're supposed to be fully formed and capable from creation. Inias was something of an outlier. He improved, though," Cas' lips twitched into a smile. "Eventually."
Sam laughed, tossing his feet up on the chair next to him, happily stretching his legs. “Sure, like you and Dean are so great at hiding it.”
not fighting, Sam,” Cas said with a firm shake of his head. He gave Sam a reassuring smile that didn’t meet his eyes.
“We’re not hiding anything,” Cas said, staring hard into his coffee mug.
Okay, maybe not a great impression to make to a strange girl stuck in a dingy motel room with him. Women tended not to hang around until morning with dudes who made their knuckles bleed punching a
Well, Sam couldn't say he was surprised if Dean was going to spend the evening drinking his feelings away.
"... Of course, Dean," he said, motioning to the bed beside him with one hand.  The other hand remained strategically placed in his lap.
Sam look relieved, shoulders dipping back from where they'd started to hitch up towards his ears. Then he looked confused. "Who- who were you talking about, then?" He asked.
- she knew, she
Cas turned over, lying on his back to see Sam better. "I know, Sam," He said, lips twitching into a small smile. "Thank you."
It was only a few seconds into eating her out that it happened.
Sam pointed to himself with a grin. “World’s foremost Dean expert here,” He announced proudly. “I
, Dean," Sam fired back. "Why are you being so
━━✶━━
It was with a heavy heart that Castiel trudged back from the shower, copying Sam by wearing the sweatpants, but foregoing the shirt in lieu of pyjamas. Sam glanced up at him, eyes darting up from his phone and tracing Cas' movement across the room as he moved to the side of the bed Sam hadn't taken up.
when he was- And he
drink.
"You have
"Dunno... Would have to look it up," Sam said, an idea occurring to him. "Cas, would you reach into my pocket and grab my phone?"
"No one –
Sam laughed, though there was an awkwardness to it. "You can't really mess up that kind of- I mean, you just pressed your mouth to mine, it was barely a kiss at all," He said. "But don't stress about that. Dean will be able to give you
Cas waited for him to continue, but he didn't. Cas sighed.
the theory, wrapping his hands around Cas’ waist where the apron cinched it; his fingers ended up a good few inches apart over his abdomen. “Huh, pretty close,” He said, and promptly turned away from Cas to grab the potato peelers.
"Is there a problem?" Sam said waspishly, uncrossing his arms, ready to jump out of his
They both jumped when three
), or remain and play out Sam’s bizarre revenge plot. A plot which entailed both of them, shirtless, jumping on a bed, while Dean attempted to copulate on the other side of a thin layer of plaster.
, Dean look surprised. "Wait,
thumps on the wall interrupted them, Sam's voice easily carrying through the wall; "
They both paused, watching each other's eyes widen as they came to simultaneous realisations.
Dean and Cas were dancing around each other. Movie nights were cuddling sessions for them, unless Sam dared to point it out, in which case Dean firmly wrapped himself up in a cocoon of blankets six feet away from poor Cas, who would always pout like a baby whose candy had been snatched. Dean made breakfast, and would bring Cas his in his bed, complete with a fresh cup of coffee. Sam complained, jokingly, that
Cas squeezed his hands where they were locked around Sam’s elbows, closing his eyes
I needed it most. We made each other
Sam felt like the bubble of frustration in him had been burst, instead feeling a little hollow as the depth of Dean's trouble accepting himself came into focus in his mind. He let himself fall heavily back onto the bed, resting his elbows on his knees as he regarded Dean - still red-faced and flustered.
shows that you want me around?"
. And sure, he ran away from the
"I know," Cas sighed, idly chewing on the last piece of beef in his box.
it. Honestly, Cas, you should see him when you're not around - it's the difference between night and day."
him laid out on the bed, dick in hand, head thrown back and
She squealed, legs wrapping around his shoulders as he set to work, squaring his shoulders and resting his weight on his elbows as he started working on her, wondering how sore his neck would get before she-
'," he read aloud. "You got a new hobby?"
like the feelings he had for Dean.
"That's... Okay. I think I..." Dean's eyes darted to the door, as though he were planning on escaping.
Sam scowled. "He must
If Sam saw movie nights that way, did Dean see them that way, too? It
Sam sat frozen, hand frozen mid-stroke on the back of Cas' head. Cas, whose head was resting on Sam's thigh, each exhale lightly puffing air over Sam's groin.
seen Sam with women, or alone, the thick muscles of his abdomen pistoning his hips with the veracity of-
of them, and if Dean pulled away, Sam would sidle up into the space he vacated; if that didn't help Dean to stop sabotaging himself, then it would be full intervention time. One way or the other, Sam was ending this at the goddamn zoo.
. "So you're just going to
"I guess it's not really useful for... You know, getting Dean to open up," Sam sighed. "That was your question, right? How did I learn to be emotionally vulnerable?"
Sam moved his hand away from the door, holding them up in defeat, allowing Dean to open it and rush outside, scurrying away as fast as he could without breaking into a run.
“This
Cas followed suit, unable to meet Sam’s eyes; he instead looked at the wall, hoping against hope that his erection wasn’t too visible in his sweatpants.
Sam let him stew in that moment, not about to throw Dean a lifeline when he was completely capable of saving himself.
He'd seen the strength, and
it'll help."
Sam was grateful for the towel when Cas finally handed it to him through the door, pushed open just enough for him to shove his hand clenching the towel through.
. Sam was pretending, but it had all been genuinely
He lay awake for the rest of the night, listening - but he didn't hear anything else.
He marches back into the bunker with the groceries, and happily announces, "Cas! I've got a surprise for you!"
Cas’ beamed at him, and Sam was going to inform Dean just how much he owed to his little brother when these two tied the knot.
Dean frowns, looking at the
Dean wasn't helping Sam's case. "I swear it's not about me," Sam said quickly. "He just thinks I've been hit with a love spell, or something."
"Did you... Wanna go?" Sam asked, and Cas snapped his gaze up to meet Sam's eyes.
Okay, Sam knew a
“What the fuck is wrong with you two?!” Dean’s voice demanded.
"No, it's- you're right," Dean conceded quietly. "I didn't
Cas nodded along, trusting Sam's apparent expertise in this area. "We are to touch each other more," he confirmed.
rut."
The defeated look that Dean wore now made Cas worry that perhaps he wasn't interested after all. What if Dean was only upset that Cas wasn't good enough for Sam, and didn't actually care if Cas became involved with someone else?
Cas couldn't bear it. He placed his hand over the one on Dean's knee and pleaded, "Please. Just tell me how you'd want me."
He would start with something that was true, something that Dean already knew. "I'm a virgin," He said.
idea," Sam replied sagely. "I think that we need to break out the big guns."
"It's okay, Cas - just breathe, it's okay, let it out, it's fine-" Sam spoke over Cas' crying and indecipherable apologies, just
he does, Cas," Sam said gently, squeezing Cas' shoulder reassuringly. "I've known him longer than anyone else. I see him
So if Cas had wanted him, he’d have looked into Dean, and seen if Dean wanted him back.
Not that Dean didn't read, but when he did, it was a novel, in his room. Not sitting, surrounded by a pile of books open on various pages - more closed books in loose piles around him - a sheet of paper covered in the scrawls of a madman next to him.
"Hold up, hold up," Dean said quickly, still sitting with his legs crossed. "So you're asking if you can do that to- to
Sam leaned in to whisper breathlessly to Cas, "
“You don't get to decide that for me,” Cas retorted, crossing his own arms. “I want to build a life with you, and you can't stop me. “
"Oh, I
hated it, and it wasn’t even
when he saw that guy put his hand on your waist, and he stopped mid-sentence during a conversation where we’d finally found a lead, and
that Cas hadn't been able to fend for himself... Was he
“What do you want us to do?” Sam jeered back. “
“What are we trying to achieve?” Cas asked, stepping closer to the bed, as though proximity would reveal Sam’s grand design.
They lay in silence for a several painful beats, Cas wondering what it was about the Bunker that didn't fit his image of
Then, before Dean could respond, he slammed the door shut and locked it.
at him. "I- No, it's the same- What do you-
Sorry for taking so long!! This fic keeps fighting me - the boys reeeally want to slow down and draw it out, haha. I keep estimating that the story beats will be much shorter than they end up being. But it's fun, so let's draw it out! Really wringing out every drop of tension from this fake relationship (｡•̀ᴗ-)✧
him in that
"I have slept in several men's shelters. As long as you don't attempt to steal my clothes or assault me, I'm sure I can manage," Cas said dryly.
There is still a major plot point that we haven't even reached yet ∠( ᐛ 」∠)_ All in good time...
get dinner for you. It's in our room, if you want it."
Cas watched him and copied his movements, but Sam caught his wrist before Cas could reach behind himself and tie it up. “Let me,” He said, spinning Cas around.
His need hadn't abated. His pants were obviously tented, and he could feel
Sam gestured at the wall emphatically, hissing, "
that this is a dick move," He said hotly. "I mean- we
you," Cas says, grinning wide enough that his gums are showing. "They're lovely."
Cas' own stomach grumbled, the thought of food drawing his hunger to the surface. "That's a good plan," Cas agreed.
things. Low down, in his belly, and lower still.
Cas felt another jolt of pain through his chest.
"I have my blade?" Cas offered.
He caught Cas’ little half-smirk, his barely-there huff of laughter. “You’re a lot more communicative than your brother,” He said wistfully.
Cas lay back down and resumed staring at the ceiling.
She gasped into the kiss as his fingers found the folds, gently slipping between them, rubbing one of the outer folds between his thumb and forefinger, before running his index finger in a loop around the inner lips, mapping her out with his the fingertip. She gave a high-pitched cry when he gently tapped her clit, and he was
"Dean-"
"Okay," Dean said. "I guess I'll, uh..."
But who the hell was
Dean?
"Hey, Dean? I'm
good idea. "Right, yes," He said quickly, hurrying into the bathroom, hopefully before Sam noticed Cas' growing arousal.
figure it out?" He asked carefully.
"Fooling around is innuendo for sexual interaction," Cas surmised. "And you think we should let Dean believe we are...?"
He watched Dean's face fall. "Right.
!" Dean's voice said
Cas’ eyes followed Sam as he pulled a seat out across from him and fell across it, his head tilting the way it did when he didn’t understand something. “What is who making official?” He asked, squinting intensely at Sam.
, even though they could dig uncomfortably deep without much effort.
cook," Sam said. "Dean just hates healthy food. If you want to learn to eat
“Okay, so Dean is refusing to
her with abandon, her legs wrapped around his waist, Dean’s hips driving into her with the wet slap of skin on skin-
"Yes, Dean?" Cas asked, still looking directly into Sam's eyes.
Sam can see that Dean is getting closer to cracking; he sets Cas up with a fool-proof plan to seduce Dean.
"Hey, that's not fair," Dean snapped back. "That was- Sam would've
, Sam thought, snorting out loud.
So.... I had this scene planned from the very beginning, but it took
- but... I'm still adapting to thinking of this as
His chest was suddenly burning, his ears ringing, his body
"Easier to initiate sex with a stranger," Cas said, committing the word to memory.
Dean stopped dead, ears attuned to the sounds carrying through the wall.
He pulled away from the tangle of her legs, ignoring her confused, "
Cas regarded Sam quizzically. “… Why would he do that?”
He could hear Dean's boots thudding up the stairs behind them.
He hurriedly turned the remote on the television and pressed the big, red button that turned it off. He stepped away from the bag, trying to look as though he hadn't touched it, even as he chastised himself for his reaction.
Cas lay still, not commenting on Sam's hand in his hair, but also not pulling away, so he let himself continue. The motion of stroking Cas' hair made him feel calm, but it wasn't until he realised he'd started scritching behind Cas' ear that he realised he was thinking of petting Riot's soft fur. He felt a little guilt for thinking of Cas as a
“I’m back!” Sam called through the door, opening it a crack to hold the towel through. “Got you two, just in case!”
he ignoring you?" Sam said as he looked up from his book, observing how every muscle in Dean's body instantly tightened. "I didn't notice... Hey, has he done something different with his hair? It looks good, don't you think?"
, or whatever - but you know it's not
"Don't suppose you wanna tell me what all that was about, do you?" Sam said, chopsticks hovering over his meal, though all of his focus was on Cas.
exposure was the pizza man, and somehow the thought that Dean was aroused by this had resulted in him sporting an erection that had lasted a considerable amount of time.
"I'm sorry," He croaked, not moving as she pulled her legs off of him and rolled away to get up.
Again, support the Ackles' SPN Prequel! <3
Smirking a little, Sam
"You know that I... Kind of caused the apocalypse," Sam said, his eyes flitting down to the table. "I felt like the worst kind of monster. Everyone I cared about was begging me to stop, but I... The- the demon blood, it made me... Feel
"I'm sorry," Cas said quickly.
"I'm gonna... Go," Dean said quietly, trying to squeeze past where Sam and Cas were blocking the doorway.
well-being," Cas said miserably.
Dean didn't respond, arms crossed and brooding in the backseat.
want to go on a date with Dean?"
The warmth of Sam's hand on his disappeared, and he startled as Sam
Dean looked at his shoes and mumbled something at the carpet.
Cas scoffed at that, turning away. "Of course. Forcing me to leave your home is indicatative of
compared to emotions as a human. He had held utmost control over his Grace; it manifested upon his command, and while strong feeling could magnify it, it was never beyond his control.  Human emotions, by contrast, seemed to control his vessel - control
, y'know? Which is the same as always, I guess, but... I dunno, it feels like I only just noticed it. You know?"
Cas tended to agree. "And he is being hypocritical," He added, buoyed by the mix of frustration and annoyance and burning, terrible
"You'll see in a second!" Sam said, hastily unlocking the door and running back into the parking lot.
, look
"... I shouldn't have deluded myself," Cas said, standing up to leave, somehow not stumbling even though his consciousness seemed to be floating outside of his physical body. Did humans astral project under intense emotional strain?
that you were-"
- but was pleased to find that the water was able to run hot, and the pressure was decent.
Dean's carefully blank expression wavered, lips turning into a frown. "Yeah?" He said neutrally. "What else?"
It started out as the most inane,
Cas still had his hand out, reaching for Dean... He slowly pulled it back, hugging himself, not moving from the foot of Dean's bed. "So I should stop talking with you, and just have sex with Sam," He surmised, voice flat. This hurt.
Sam turned the lamp on, and Cas blinked as his eyes adjusted - Sam was sitting there, looking exhausted and annoyed as he lay the gun on the night stand. "I don't think he needs our help, no," Sam said sourly.
But he
, and was intent on seeing it to fruition. "And there's an
Many channels were advertisements for products, some of which were utterly bizarre. He did note one channel that was advertising a blanket with holes for the arms, like a huge, backwards cloak. He'd have liked something like that when he lived on the street; to keep him warm, but with his arms free to fight if he were woken by an attacker. It might even be nice in the bunker; having a warm blanket draped over him while he made coffee in the morning, for example...
"Thank you, Dean," Cas murmured back, glancing up at Sam.
), but he could make this girl come  - send a message to Sam about
,” Dean said, his own voice sounding tight. “But the longer you... that you're
"... It's because it's a spell-"
Sam had only just righted himself when the unmistakable knocking of a fist on plaster pounded the wall.
He hadn't
Sam scoffed too. "Yeah, been trying to get him to talk for
"Sam,
"I think you need to ask yourself
It almost seems wrong to share this activity with Sam, without Dean there. Dean had shared with Cas some of the things that he enjoyed most about the world in their sessions watching various audio-visual media; things that had influenced Dean, in his speech and affectations, and his sense of style. Cas had felt a lot closer to Dean after these sessions.
Dean gave him a hard glare.
"Cas said he wanted to start a veggie garden," Dean says in a voice that is trying so
. If home was family, and Sam wanted to
"I... Didn't know that," Dean says honestly.
goddamn knows that Cas likes bees. He peppers bee facts into everyday conversations. Sam can't think of a reason that he needs to know that several native Australian bees have no ability to sting, but here he is, knowing it. He could've lived a long, full life not knowing what royal jelly is, if not for Cas.
"Okay," Castiel replied, not certain he understood. "So what is the
"Do you
and consume hundreds of thousands of God's
Cas obediently walked over while Sam dashed for the keys on the hook, fumbled for the Impala's set, and then leapt over the hood of a Ford Thunderbird to get to the Impala faster.
that the zoo would be the breaking point. Cas would try and be cuddly with
Not that it was hard to see why Cas was-
Sam couldn't help but laugh, biting it back when Cas' irritated expression sharpened. "Cas, he was
"Why do you even
Sam has reached the door, letting go of Cas' wrist to shove the key into the door.
"I look at you when you're in the room, Sam," Cas said admonishingly.
Dean waved a hand at him. "You go first," He said sheepishly.
you two would- you know, hook up, or whatever."
Sam didn't have time to answer - the tires squealed as he reversed out of the park, skidding to a stop next to Cas - he threw his body across the seat to push open the door.
," Sam groaned, keeping his voice low, perhaps so as not to be heard through the wall.
it. Back then I had the nerve to call you an abomination-"
but thankfully stopped himself, "... On a partner?"
He groaned as he sped up the pace of his hand, letting his other hand cup his testicles, rolling them gently between his fingers -
Sam was laughing at him again, but Cas found he didn't mind. "I just meant that they'd be eager to be with you," He clarified, amusement still sparkling in his eyes. "You know, 'cause you're attractive, and everything."
' in the same sentence, and he tried to say that it was
, Sam."
" He hissed, voice more shocked than upset... But upset nonetheless.
━━✶━━
still think there's something supernatural at play, but the
Sam grinned at Dean, triumphant. "See? He likes guys."
"Two poor scholarship kids who were just trying to do their best, and I didn't need to say,
He worried his hands, chastising himself for leaping too far ahead; there was no guarantee that Dean ever
Cas stopped as though the light grip of Sam's fingers were iron chains, eyes falling to where Sam was splayed across the bed, reaching out. He tilted his head as he regarded Sam with wary eyes. "... That doesn't make sense," He said, though he remained in place.
Cas watched Sam's face shift into something thoughtful, then
at him.
it," Dean snapped, and Sam beamed at Cas.
for Cas, except
say it.
"Cas!" Dean shouted.
that the problem was that my dad was
Dean's eyebrows raised, wearing an expression Cas associated with shock. "Oh. Okay," Dean said, wiping a hand across his mouth. "Makes sense, I guess..."
━━✶━━
Two shots down, and he was bitterly imagining what the hell Cas might be doing at this very moment. What was Sam
Sam shrugged. "Guess not?" Although it was a little different... And he'd gotten used to having his own bed, these days. And Cas wasn't used to Sam's sleeping habits, like Dean was. "I might snore," he warned him.
Cas looked defeated. So did Dean. Was Dean's internalised
Dean's voice was so loud that Cas could hear him say, "
"Thanks, give the other one to my brother," He said, scooping up the keys and heading to the door.
"Funny, I could say that same about
"It's just,
"Oh, yes - the prostate is a
He'd put all of his focus into it, like a hunt. John's words haunted him; "
Well, he’d tried to get the guy laid before, when he still had his halo, and it had seemed like Cas hadn’t reacted at
date?" He said, one hand rubbing at the back of his neck. "What, like... I've never even... Um," He swallowed, unable to meet Sam's eyes. "Sammy, I don't even
Cas lay back on the bed, a heavy sigh escaping him, exhaustion straining his human body. He didn't understand how a day spent mostly sitting in a car could leave his body so weary.
"I'd argue that you're wrong," Cas returned, feeling oddly defensive of Sam. He was, after all, going to absurd lengths for Castiel. "I'd say saving the world with someone on more than one occasion merits the title of
"Here for a room?" He said, sounding supremely disinterested.
Sam reached across the table and patted one of Cas’ white-knuckled hands. “He didn’t need to; he’s clearly smitten,” Sam informed him.
"Alright, I think you've got it," Dean mumbled, stepping away from Cas.
Cas snorted a laugh, but hoped that Dean
Sam watched him, perplexed. "Hold off?" He repeated, watching Dean flee the room with an armful of books, some of them falling out of his arms and littering the floor as he fled.
"Oh," Dean said, clearing his throat. "Uh... You sure? Nothing... Nothing bad- Like, you're okay?"
"Why?" Cas asked, looking up to asses Sam's expression.
that they’re-“
idea about what's going on.
, and Cas couldn't help but feel like he'd betrayed him on some level.
Cas stepped closer, though he raised an incredulous brow.
the bunker?" Cas asked, easily imagining Sam with a partner, ensconced in the safety of their home, having family dinners as they often
... If it's just a spell. Right?"
But to watch the actors on screen simulate coitus - one with dark hair and blue eyes, the other with sandy blonde hair and hazel eyes that he could imagine as green - while Sam wrapped his enormous arms around his middle made him...
" He says hotly.
This time, a
," He said sourly. He probably shouldn't have said it, but the
Already, Cas was staring at Dean.
Cas hadn't prepared to talk about what he didn't want. This had seemed much easier when Sam was coaching him through the conversation. "I..." There were actually a lot of things that had seemed unpleasant. "I didn't enjoy when someone was spoken down to and reduced to something insignificant, or hurt in any way... I preferred the 'amateur' category, in which couples expressed their love through physical intimacy."
. Charles Darwin, eat your heart out."
, and it cost me my
“Why’d you stop?” The woman’s voice complained, and that seemed to be the breaking point for Sam, who collapsed to the side to shove his face into a pillow, chest heaving as he drowned his laughter in it.
each other, and it-"
– his angelic form had muted it, but the seed had been there all along, and as he’d watched them and decided to leave them at peace, he’d wanted nothing more than to manifest in their plane, pull them apart, and take his
him from
see his face," Cas said finally, leaning over his coffee, looking at his dark reflection and wondering if this was doing more harm than good.
Dean had taken Cas to, but he’d just
," Cas groaned, finger kneading his prostate, knees going weak as got closer to the peak, face pressed against the wall, easily able to imagine Dean's -
"This is- his head is
As an angel, he had watched Dean access this type of content frequently. Even now, Dean would sometimes watch something similarly in communal areas, the high-pitched squealing of the animated characters reverberating off of the bunker's stone walls. He didn't tend to touch himself while in communal areas; he tended to retreat to his room for that, although one night, when he'd awoken to groggily trudge to the bathroom, he'd noticed the light on in the movie room, and investigation had revealed Dean, sitting on the chair (
"Cas, he called
. You even prepared me for my... For seeing Nora," he said. It still hurt a little to remember how disastrous the entire Nora
Hey, why
" he cried, at the same moment Dean - breath ragged and covered in sweat - burst through the door.
, his mind supplied easily. He smiled, hugging his arms around himself as the water ran colder.
"I'll just... Go, then," Cas said, standing on legs that barely seemed to hold his weight now. He made himself walk, mechanically, to the door, pausing at the threshold.
The sound had come from through the wall - Dean's room? Cas met Sam's eyes in the half-light, grim determination shining in them-
, just that it was normal," Sam reassured him.
crush."
It was still relatively early, but Sam was already feeling ready to call it a night. "You wanna take the bed?" Sam asked as Cas left the bathroom, wiping his hands dry on his hoodie.
Dean glares at Sam, but his eyes turn soft when they land on Cas. "Yeah, there's, like, a
"Because he'd have to be touched in the head to desire a relationship with me," Cas surmised grimly.
Dean gaped at him, frozen for a moment. He blinked, recovering, though his voice wavered as he said, "We can't pay for
"There's
He stopped short when he reached the bottom of the stairs and saw the trunk already popped open, a pair of bowed legs visible as Dean riffled through their supplies, probably doing the exact same thing Sam was.
Sam's eyes narrowed.
He cleared his throat and focused on Sam again. "Every step of the way, you thought that you were doing the right thing. And in the end, you
.  Just... Practice," He clarified, feeling foolish. "I just... Dean has always expressed a preference for experienced partners, but-" He gestured at himself helplessly.
. No, because Cas wouldn’t need to go to a shelter, or get a new job. No, because Cas didn’t have to leave anymore. He was
Their faces were very close like this, Cas thought, kneeling on the bed facing each other, separated by the length of their forearms.
Cas opened the double doors, asking, "Did you say we're going to the zoo?"
? I almost broke character, really - that was
those people- Is this some- Are you, what,
Sam had cautioned against mentioning his name too much, as his seduction would be ruined if Sam was too close to the forefront of Dean's mind. Cas didn't really want to bring Sam into it either; part of him hoped that Dean would look into his eyes and
he knew that it wasn't real, in the sense that he and Sam
"Of course I know that," Cas says, seemingly affronted. "I was
"Hey, I don't mind," the girl said, and Dean looked down at her in surprise. "I... Kinda like being seen? Or heard... I'm cool with it, if you are."
didn't know what a social security number was, only that its absence meant that he could only be employed "off-the-books", getting cash-in-hand at two dollars an hour, which left him sleeping in the car he couldn't afford to fuel when he wasn't able to sneak into the store room.
"It's not a
He slipped out of the room, plucking the keys from his pocket as he made his way down to the Impala, hoping that they'd at
"I was really thinking it would just be the
- but the sting of so many rejections held his tongue.
Hello! ฅ(•ㅅ•❀)ฅ
wasn’t sure what exactly started Dean on the path of rejecting what he perceived as ‘
“You say that
"What?" he asked, unnerved by the raw power that Cas' frustrated eyes somehow projected.
cruel, and I don't- I don't know how you can even
It didn’t take him too long to have a cool one hundred dollars to his name, and he sat himself at the bar and ordered two shots of tequila right off the bat.
", stepping right up to the wall at the head of the bed and pounding his fist on it. "Hey, keep it down!" He shouted, somehow managing not to bash his entire first through the damn wall.
"Are you sure there's no one else you can talk to about this?" Dean asked, eyes pleading.
the subtext that Sam had been practically
Dean looked like he wanted the floor to open up and swallow him, but he also apparently wanted to save face, because he quickly added, "Or, you know,
He scoffed, adding, "I wish Dean knew how much he needs it."
"No worries. You know, you can
as he felt. "Well, I guess I'll have to talk to him, huh? Find out for myself. Maybe I can ask him all about it on our
Cas sat on the bed, using the remote to turn up the volume on the television. "Go right ahead," He said, gesturing at the bathroom.
"I do want to, though," Cas said emphatically. "I think I would enjoy it immensely." What was the line Sam had said? "I would like to ride someone... Reverse cowgirl."
He looked back at Dean, gaze hardening. "You think it's more likely that someone, somehow, broke into the bunker - the most
He stripped himself quickly, overeager hands fumbling as he threw his clothes to the side.
"Sam-" Dean grit his teeth, shaking his head, eyes falling to the books on the table. Seriously,
be a spell," Dean cut in. "There's
Sam gaped at the wall, and even Cas was surprised at the audacity of Dean to ask
"What do you think that will achieve?" Cas asked, dour.
"Progress is progress, Cas," Sam says gently. "We're on the right track. They didn't build Rome in a day, you know?"
" Dean demanded, still loud enough for Cas to hear him through he handset
Sam remained quiet, his eyes pleading as though begging Cas to continue.
"Not hungry," Dean said, standing and tucking his gun back into his belt, clearly preparing to leave.
Christmas. "I haven't," He says, earnestly. "It would be gratifying to carve a pumpkin that I had assisted in the growth of. Did you know that most varieties of pumpkins have male and female flowers, and the female flowers need to be pollinated with the male flower to grow the fruit?"
He kept flicking through, but nothing caught his eye; he was hoping that soon he would end up back on Nickelodeon, but he was only pressing the "channel up" button, and there seemed to be a never-ending list of useless channels,
"Hey, I'll come with you - maybe we can drive somewhere-" Sam started, hastily moving to stand and follow Cas - a move thwarted by the tangle of sheets around his long legs, which resulted in him face-planting with a loud "
Dean stared at him blankly for a moment, before glancing down the hallway - which was empty - and then slowly opening his door a little wider. "Sure, come on in."
Cas looked between the door, which now shook as Dean kicked at it, and Sam.
Cas felt himself agreeing. "Well, there's nothing we can do about it now," Cas sighed.
"Whatcha reading?" Sam asked casually, sitting across from Dean on the table. "There a case I don't know about?"
it - immutable, undeniable proof that Dean had no interest, that Sam was
," Dean said petulantly.
He paused, and Cas looked up to see Sam's face turn red.
"Exactly," Sam says confidently. "That way, he's gonna imagine all the ways we might be touching when he's
Dean was silent for several seconds. He appeared to be agonising over what to say. "You and Sam... You deserve better than a hunter's life. I just wanted... I thought it would've been good if you were happy there with the whole white picket fence, two-point-five kids... If you were
very clingy that night,” Cas recalled, and that just confirmed it; Sam knew his plan would work.
care about you. We've
Cas swallowed, willing the surge of terrible feeling to disappear inside of him - he managed to tamp it down enough to nod and mutter, "Yes, Sam."
, Dean," Cas said, feeling his jaw tighten with frustration. "Sam has introduced me to
Sam paused to catch his breath, and Cas stared at his silhouette, heart racing.
. It's the kind of fuck-up that you're not supposed to come back from, but... I'm
Sam was still holding his hands, the point of contact - barely a few square centimetres of skin - more comforting than Cas could articulate.
, Sam."
Dean sighed heavily, shoulders slouching. "Well, for one thing, it's
The water started to run cold as he stood there, lost in thought. He just needed a starting point to work from. What was his priority, above all? If he had a goal in mind, perhaps plotting a path to it would be easier.
Cas’s relief was dampened by the knowledge that he would need to leave. He had asked Dean if he could get him an ID before he left this time, as he’d learned that the shelters wouldn’t let him in without one. And perhaps a resume of some description, and maybe he could be a reference on it?
“Wanna help me make this convincing? Maybe bounce with me?” Sam asked quietly, the slightest sheen of sweat starting to appear on his skin as he maintained his less-gentle bouncing. “It’s kinda fun.”
It took a long time for him to calm down enough to talk.
"Hey,
Cas wondered if Dean wanted physical intimacy
"Regardless, Dean," Cas went on, "I hardly had a
"Guess you'll have to get into my pants later," Sam stage-whispered, winking at Cas, who glanced at Dean.
let someone so close that wasn't me or Bobby. You mean the
Cas opened his mouth to argue, then seemed to catch himself. “He
"Hey," Sam said, gripping Cas' hand in both of his own. "You weren't
" Cas gasped, liquid heat pooling in his gut. He'd had his fingers in himself before, knew what it felt like to have his prostate gently stimulated - but Sam, Sam wouldn't be gentle. His strength would have him driving deep and hard, just like he'd been with those women...
Between Sam -
The frustration bubbled up inside him, and he blurted, "Is it so much to ask that I be with someone who doesn't act as though I'm a... a
want to go on a date with Cas?" he demanded.
," Sam groaned, glaring at the ceiling while he summoned the strength not to scream in Dean's face. "Cas, say, 'I like guys.'"
Dean's face shifted through a series of emotions - stunned, perturbed, mortified - before settling on a tight smile that looked like a scrap of duct tape slapped over a leaking dam. "Very funny, Sam," He said tersely. "That's not what this is about-"
that Dean is cracking. They just need to up the ante...
"Shut up and drive, Sammy," Dean snapped.
"Night!" Sam called to Dean's retreating form.
Dean huffed, crossing his own arms and turning away.
"Cas!" Dean said, holding the door mostly closed, only a sliver of his room visible. "What's up?"
to have heard him, they were just
Cas gave him another little half-smirk, and Sam could tell he was close to cracking. Cas actually
"Hmm?" Cas responded, looking at the outline of Sam's face in the dark, barely able to make out his features.
of it.
," Sam said, eyes pointed to the ceiling, but clearly not seeing it, lips quirked in a dopey smile. "It's so...
could be heard.
Again, Dean preens. "Oh, you didn't know? Cas likes bees."
“Oh – right. Cas, go, uh…” Dean gestured to the sink.
They all march up to the garden, and Dean sees it first; Sam can see him stiffen, shoulders going taut.
"I'm sorry, Sam, I'm so
ALSO IN THE WAKE OF THE EVENTFUL WEEKEND/PREQUEL ANNOUCEMENT.... My two cents!!
Sam watched Cas' eyes light up, and
... It was almost a mirror of what Dean had said to whatever woman he was with.
"Those are the words your father used," Cas said, and Sam turned to stare at Cas as well. "It's what he called you."
wall.
"Cas-" Dean started, before glancing at Sam and wincing, turning to the door again as though to flee.
But Cas
Dean glanced at him, and Sam only grinned back, peeling the first potato.
"I thought that you-"
" He repeated, eyes flicking over Cas' face.
The way that his stomach dropped with vertigo
. It made me
A comfortable silence descended on them, with Sam idly packing up their used food containers and tossing them in the trash.
be damned.
"Wait..." The girl said, pushing up on her elbows to level Dean with a glare. "Did he say... Isn't that
"I used to love the penguins. They've got polar bears now, too," Sam said.
He spent a long time drying himself, thoughts spinning in endless circles, never able to reconcile the conflicting thoughts in his head.
- and Cas being next door, and the drink, and the whole fucked-up situation, he didn't think he'd have been
"She was just... She was what I needed the most,
"Hello, Dean," Cas said, and he heard a sudden burst of activity on the other side of the door, which just as suddenly burst open.
Cas let himself be dragged, matching Sam's pace,  occasionally looking over his shoulder to see Dean falling behind.
"Obviously we're going to the zoo tomorrow," He says, in full hunt-planning mode. "But I think we should take every opportunity to apply pressure. From little things - a pat on the shoulder, a hand around the waist. Kind of like what we've been doing with the eye contact, just up another notch."
"Well," Sam said, sounding
held deep affection for him, he wouldn’t have been so deeply aroused by him, regardless of his physique. But then what mean for his relationship with Dean? Did he even
It took only two days of Cas focusing on Sam for Dean up crack. He approached Sam in the library, pulling out a chair with a loud scraping sound, and perched himself on it, like a detective interrogating a suspect.
Maybe Dean would allow Castiel to watch.
Cas' heart flipped as Dean finally made eye contact with him. Words jumped to the tip of his tongue, eager to confess -
between Sam and Cas's eyeline. "Yeah, it'll be fun! Just like digging a grave, but easier, right?"
He heard the shower turn on as he flicked through the channels, pausing on a telenovela that he knew Dean enjoyed (while pretending he didn't; he appeared to do this with
"Seriously," The girl said, voice a little louder, maybe trying to pry his attention away from the wall. "I think it's kind of
is new."
Sam grimaced, heart aching for Dean... All the pain he'd never realised he'd been carrying. "I mean, I bet he's
He trudged back to his room, and Cas looked up from the TV - Spongebob's nasally laughter the background noise as Sam set the duffel down on the kitchenette table and started unpacking it.
. A practically all-powerful being who just so happened to have a heart of gold, and the bluest eyes this side of Heaven- Yeah, he was a great guy. Aside from the… Well.
He peeled back the blankets and crawled underneath, trying not to let his mind conjure what recriminations Sam might have for his...
The fist pounded the wall again, and then there was a moment of blessed quiet.
"Well, that's true, but-" Dean had gradually been hunching lower and lower, but now he took a deep breath and sat up straight - legs still crossed, body still angled away from Castiel. "You know, you don't even have to do that, if you don't want to. You can stick to just... Hands. And- and mouth."
"Well, that's an extreme situation," Cas explained. "They're supposed to get their fluid from the Eucalypts, but they can suffer serious dehydration during the fire cycle. But they aren't
hard anymore - had he been at
━━✶━━
where the tip of his penis touched the soft cotton of the sweatpants. He needed to relieve himself,
Sam rolled his head to the side, eyebrows tilted up to wrinkle his forehead. "I'm not
shows up - just part of a study group, you know? They wanted me in it, 'cause I was a
Dean, shaking his head minutely, replied, "He didn't
that's- I mean, I just don't
it, you'll just want to leave. You'll want something better.
been a virgin," He joked, laughing nervously.
Cas allowed himself to be dragged towards the garage, but he wasn't
needed to lay the groundwork before we reached this point - but we're finally here! ⁽⁽◝( • ω • )◜⁾⁾ I am
lost now. "It's not you," Cas reassured him.
"That's not relevant!" Dean snapped, and Sam felt Cas tense under his hand.
"Fuck, Cas," Sam announced loudly, still bouncing lightly on the bed. "Hey, is that a
He worked one finger in, his other hand working furiously over his erection, balls tight. He gave little thought to the slight pinch, the dry roughness of his under-prepared hole as he reached for the spot he needed, groaning into the wall.
this. Maybe the way that every groan of the ancient springs next door cut him to his core... Maybe that was just what he got for leaving Cas out on the street.
Dean's lips formed a thin line, expression disconcertingly blank.
, and
He leaned his weight onto one elbow next to her head, careful not to break the kiss as he snaked his other arm down - starting at the shoulder, running his hand over her chest, pausing to grasp her breast, pinching at the nipple before sliding it down, down, past her navel, past the neat patch of hair -
Dean starts doing things neither Sam nor Cas dreamed he would - after
Dean didn't have an answer, because his head was suddenly
. And that's...
, or whatever it was.
Sam didn't look like them.
He looked at Dean expectantly.
earlier was pretty heavy, and I guess I just wanted to reinforce that we don't... You know, hold anything against you."
circumstances."
to believe that you’re interested in him!”
you, Sam," Dean retorted. "I would
need a break," Dean shot back.
Cas turned his head to Sam, looking exhausted. "I think I  just have to accept that Dean is not capable of returning my feelings," he said flatly.
Sam scooted closer again so that he was kneeling on the bed in front of Cas, looking up at him with the most
“Yeah, mine too,” He quipped, a
For reasons he couldn't describe, those words
She gave him a coy look, biting her lip and curling one leg around his neck.
too easy.
Cas could feel Sam stifling laughter as Dean's footsteps hurried to where they were. He felt Sam turn his head around as Dean practically skidded into the room. Cas sat up to look over his shoulder at Dean, who looked like a deer caught in headlights, a pair of fuzzy yellow and black slippers hanging loosely from one hand.
He really hadn't
, I-" His words caught in his throat, a sharp pain shooting through his chest. He still couldn't get the words out.
of Dean-
"Allow me to demonstrate," Sam said with a conspiratorial grin. He lifted himself up onto his knees and bounced a little, shifting his weight enough that the bed creaked beneath him, keeping the motion going for a few seconds. Cas was relieved that the sound helped to drown out the continuous feminine moaning from the next room.
The bunker was free from
"Hello, Dean," Cas said. "Are you coming to the zoo with us?"
open?"
!" Sam crowed, patting Cas on the back. "Did you see his
He tried to focus on the channel - now showing commercials, which didn't interest him much. It was all flashy images of children playing with plastic homunculi of characters he recognised from the cartoons on offer.
acting normal, and I just wanted to know… How do
Sam had collapsed, and Cas had poured every last remaining shred of grace he held into healing him.
he?" Sam said, hoping his voice didn't sound as
(he had tried it, once, in a men's shelter - and been caught, and
"This way, Cas!" Sam yelped, dragging Cas the opposite way down the hall; they'd have to circle around to the garage...
tomorrow."
“Then… What’s wrong?” Sam ventured, folding his hands on the table in front of him, leaning down to try and catch Cas’ eye.
"Dean, would you say that word to
"I..." It was true, in a sense, that he had lain with April. "Sam said it didn't count," Cas explained, something which was
, honey," He said, winking at her before leaning down to press a sloppy, open-mouth kiss to her.
"Huh," Sam said, sticking his head out the door to watch Dean leave.
Sam coughed. "Fuck, I'm rambling..." He muttered apologetically.
and clear, and Sam's lip curled in distaste.
Cas hurried to the shower, furiously jerking himself off with Dean's name on his lips.
Sam frowned.
It was Dean's turn to smirk at Sam, apparently. "And you shouldn't trust this Sasquatch in the kitchen anyway," Dean said confidently. "If you wanna learn to cook, you gotta learn from someone who knows
"Not if Dean is in the room, too," Sam replied flatly, heroically keeping the pout off of his face as he says it.
The door of the bunker opened, and Sam and Cas both tensed, falling silent.
He heard Sam spin under the covers, rolling onto his side to stare at Cas. "The
"Uh, Sam," Cas murmured, wriggling a little, trying not to be too aware of Sam's own (soft) manhood pressing against his backside between a few flimsy layers of fabric. "I-"
So I don't know how many people would be interested, but I made a little tweet in support of their prequel project:
Cas had stopped dead in his tracks, the proverbial deer in headlights, but if Dean had wanted to see more, he would have told him, "
He trailed off, the brief lull in conversation making the high-pitched gasp of pleasure from next door ring all the louder.
"Hey, it's not
" He heard Dean yell from down the hall, followed by the sound of heavy footfalls sprinting in their direction.
? What did
him- Seen Cas with his-
Cas could see a million questions flitting through Dean's head, just in the way his eyes widened and flitted over Castiel's face, as though he were seeing him for the first time.
it's not true!"
"It's not- It wasn't- I didn't-" Dean sputtered, backing up a few steps, tripping over the edge of the rug and stumbling.
that phrase. "I happen to
you're not into guys, Sam."
Sam came to stand at the foot of the bed, crossing his arms. "I'm gonna talk to him," he said with a tone of finality.
It took Sam a long time to find Dean.
"You're
The need to apologise for his outburst grew inside him until it burbled out through his throat, "Dean, I-" at the same time that Dean said, "Look, Cas-"
Sam laughed, too, and that seemed to be the catalyst for the sound of a fist banging on the wall.
place, but he's
Dean seemed to be waiting for Cas to turn to him, staring hard at the side of his head.
Cas inclined his head, eyes glowing blue in the light of the television. "We aren't
He looked imploringly at Dean, whose face had softened ever so slightly. “Those moments are worth any amount of struggle. Those are the moments when I feel the happiest. I think...” He felt a strange tightness in his chest, in his throat, “I think I'd like to... live that life. While I can. With the time I have left," he said softly.
"Then what-?"
Everyone digs themselves in deeper.
to him..."
"... Real sex isn't like porn," Dean said slowly, and Cas let out a breath he didn't realise he'd been holding. "And if you see something you don't like, you don't have to do it."
. He'd looked at the ground, smile slipping off of his face, and it had been hard to coax him closer again.
He hadn’t had enough shots for this. He ordered two more.
The thought of kissing Dean... It made Cas' stomach flip, equal parts joy and apprehension. "Maybe I need to practice," He said gravely. "What if Dean does finally decide to act, and I'm...
months
Dean ignores the groceries. "Yeah. What is it,
save the world."
Sam looked over his shoulder at Cas on the bed, looking frail, and
," Sam implored him, both hands now gripping his tight. "And it's
to, I just- didn't have a
he was going in there…
Sam had foreseen this. "You have never had anal sex with a woman?" He pressed.
like digging a grave, but easier. "We just need to turn the soil, make it loose," Sam instructs Dean, who is digging like it's his God-given mission.
Sam leapt a little higher on the next bounce, the bed creaking louder and the headboard snapping against the wall, laughing as he cried, “You’re so
Dean's mouth opened, then closed, then opened again - floundering like a fish. When he finally gathered himself, he scoffed, throwing his hands up in the air. "Okay, so Sam is talking about his
appealing, Cas," Sam snorted. "He never closes his tabs when he takes my laptop. Half his porn is dudes that look like you." Sam have him a wry grin. "The other half is anime."
Dean's face hardened, glaring at Sam with real venom. "You know he's a virgin."
"I'm fine, Dean," Cas said. "Sam and I were just talking."
home.
brother, and I would give my
Cas sat back on his heels, surreptitiously drawing the blanket into his lap to cover his erection while Sam was distracted.
"Yes, penetration," Cas clarified easily.
Dean seemed preoccupied with the cushion in Cas' lap. "Uh..."
"He just told you to go ahead and
He felt the need to talk away the awkward vibe, even though Cas was probably unaware of it. "Hey, it's gotta mean something that Dean is willing to go through all this just to protect your c
. You know...?" Dean rubbed at the back of his neck. "If you were
to go out with you, but he's so...
Cas gave his coffee mug a hard look, silent for a beat; Sam waited until Cas nodded at his coffee cup, looking up at Sam with resolve in his eyes. “I would like to pursue a relationship with Dean that is romantic in nature, but I am not sure that he reciprocates my feelings.”
, or- you know, something like that."
"So are you saying you
"Can I tell you something about
"Hey, it's okay," Sam said gently. "You don't have to push yourself if you don't want to, okay?"
"I didn't- I wouldn't!" Dean said quickly, looking at Cas beseechingly. "I would never say that!"
“Cas, why don’t you go get us some aprons?” He suggested, and Cas nodded, obeying.
━━✶━━
And then he’d said
to be excluded from Dean's sexual prospects, just that he would be
him that he and Sam weren't together like that. Only the thought of how Dean would inevitably pull away made him pause.
. And the whole thing with Dad..."
They both stopped, waiting for the other to continue.
, and Sam had felt the same desire to be absolved by
Sam lifted his shoulders in a tiny shrug, "Maybe it's home to you - and Dean,
of existence, before experienced
So this was really happening, huh? He'd fucked up so bad that he'd driven Cas into this fucking weird relationship with his
that he loves you…”
Sam smirked, watching as Dean sidled right up against Cas, needlessly guiding Cas into forming the meat into a neat circle in his palms. He watched his brother slip his arms around Cas' waist so he could hold his hands over Cas', holding them in the right position to roll the mince in between his palms.
, too..."
"You know what?" Sam said, clapping Cas on the shoulder. "I don't... I don't really feel like watching anymore."
He rested his forehead against the wall, swallowing against the lump in his throat.
, anyway. He’d never tell Sam, but sometimes his ‘hook-ups’ ended up being ‘getting each other off as fast as possible, and then asking her to cuddle all night’. Sam might trust shrinks and pop-psychology books, but Dean had found that burying his face in a nice pair of tits was better therapy than spilling secrets to a
Dean, for his part, looked devastated. "But... I thought that you liked the Gas-n-Sip?" He said, cringing at his own reasoning.
right now.
for the
Dean jumped, hitting his head on the trunk lid. He turned to Sam, rubbing at the back of his head as he straightened up. "Uh, yeah," Dean said, shifting his weight from foot to foot. "Found half a tube of toothpaste, but no brushes... Also got three dress shirts and a blazer. No pants, though."
She huffed a laugh, but he could feel how much more guarded she was - feel the tension in the room hanging over them like a thick fog, stifling against his skin.
that I try to get him to talk about
He gives Cas a little squeeze before pulling away. "I knew you'd love it," He says cheerily.
Cas sighed, not wanting to dredge up all of the emotions that period in his life had introduced him to. He had been running from his guilt as much as from Heaven, but it all been compounded by the fact that human life was
," Sam explained. "His first instinct was to say that he
"Of course, Sam," Cas said obligingly, reaching towards Sam's lap.
"What, you
"Spongebob is attempting to learn to drive, but he is so unskilled that he poses a risk to his teacher, who is afraid of the damage he will wrought,"
have they not already snapped and defiled every flat surface in the bunker?!
, right?" He said matter-of-factly. "In the rural Midwest? And he kinda dropped out of society on a vengeance quest before he had a chance to see any of the social progress made between then and now?"
Sam turned to Cas, and his smile faded, taking in Cas' expression.
Dean's posture shifted from defensive to aggravated. "Right," he muttered, quickly closing the rest of the books.
At least it was only the once. Yes, Sam was very dear to him, and
"How much longer until we get there?" Dean said loudly.
, rather. He wonders what role Dean will play; hovering nearby, watching as Cas initiates affectionate gestures with his brother.
Dean cleared his throat. "Right, what's up?"
It enabled him to fly directly to the Winchesters, find Sam, and forcibly expel Gadreel from him.
"It's a spell of some kind," Dean said, taking another cautious step closer. "... It's
feel like
? Is that what handling his soul during the ride out of hell had allowed him to see? Front-row tickets to Dean’s entire life? It seemed like angels could be tricked, so it wasn’t like they could just instantly look into your mind and see
"... Dean?" Sam turned back to his brother, and the look of
hadn’t thought that that particular wound ran deep enough to get in the way of his
Sam offered him a kind smile. "Sure thing, Cas. How about I let you take the lead with the touching? You wanna hold my hand, just grab it, or wrap an arm around me - whatever. Just-" He chuckled. "Maybe give me a warning if you're gonna kiss me again."
"Yes," Cas said. "About..."
"You know that dad was born and raised in the
He wasn’t sure where to go from here. He could hear Dean and the woman arguing, but now their voices were muted, as though they didn’t
"Hold up!" He shouted, awkwardly rolling across the carpet, slivers of broken glass catching on his jeans as he sprung up from the floor, wild eyes fixing on Sam and Cas on the bed.
"I thought we were going to tell him the truth," Cas said gruffly.
at you!"
He leant on the wall of the shower, face pressing into the tile as he turned his back to the spray, letting water slick between his cheeks as he let one hand wonder between them - water didn't work as well to slick the entrance, but it would do, and he was already so ready-
━━✶━━
speak to them so disrespectfully.
Sam thumped the wall again, but shut up.
of which were behind some kind of barrier which required payment. He'd have to ask Sam to instruct him on the use of these machines - at the very least, how to get back to Spongebob Squarepants.
social skills that are the problem here. He wants you, and for some backward-ass reason, that
for it? With Dean
... But Sam thought that he
Dean is just so far gone, and Sam is
This was Cas settling into hunting permanently, and doing it with someone
Cas cried aloud.
But what if Dean
Cas thought, panicking. "I just meant that - well, take Sam for instance," He said quickly. "When we talk, he doesn't close himself off, or push me away; and it doesn't make me think less of him. If anything, it brings us
supernatural."
But Sam was still as a statue, eyes boring through him, patiently waiting for him to say his piece.
And, unfortunately, Cas couldn't rely on Sam to carry the performance this time. This time, Cas would be facing Dean on his own. Sam had prepared him meticulously for this, talking him through it, and making him role play the conversation with Dean over and over until Sam thought Cas would be able to sell it.
"Are you alright, Sam?" Cas asked, and Sam realised he'd been standing, arms raised, staring at the bed as he thought through the logistics of preparing the rooms - his
"Yeah... Maybe later," Dean said, kicking a small rock, eyes following it as it skittered across the mostly-empty lot.
He heard, over Sam’s continued wheezing into the pillow, the door to the next room open and close. Dean’s paramour must have left.
- what the hell did you
And she made everything make sense, and she made it bearable... Sometimes, we just
thing that he's in denial that we could be a thing," Sam said, pointing between the two of them. "He
mess..."
He twisted the keys and the door swung open, and he grabbed Cas - who was facing the other way, watching Dean's head rise over the horizon of the walkway - by the shoulders and shoved him inside, jumping in behind him and slamming the door shut, locking it and grabbing a dining chair to shove under the handle.
He looked up at the balcony where the door to their rooms were visible. The light in Sam and Cas’ room was off. Maybe they were already asleep…
to him? What was Cas
him do? Would Cas just let Sam… Do whatever, because he was so desperate to “
with you, or ... Whatever."
"No, I don't know," Cas said, raising himself up on one arm, meeting Sam's eyes directly. "The Men of Letters bunker is one of the safest havens in Creation - it's warding is second to none. It's filled with tools and knowledge, and has all the amenities required to sustain human life. Why wouldn't-" Cas paused, thoughts filling with all the times he'd sat amongst refuse and waste as a human, starving and thirsty, freezing cold and
Dean coughs into his fist, unable to look at anyone. "Halloween is in October, so we've got time to get the garden set up before then..."
wanted to speak to
"Sam, you
He wondered, then, what Dean would think of Cas'...
"Uh..." Dean, already shaken from - apparently - having scaled the back of the building to break into a window, went pale.
for girls, Sam-"
"With Sam," Dean said tightly.
“He holds me, sometimes,” Cas said quietly, curling in on himself a little, pulling the coffee mug in to cradle against his chest. “But… When I- if I
Dean had pulled him into a hug and said
"I don't-" Dean started, but cut himself off, frowning.
"I… " he thought of the past few days, of the gifts and the
around to see."
It was time to go to the fucking zoo.
Sam chuckled. "I've still got to take you to that plant nursery in town... You know, back in Lebanon. They have a whole section dedicated to native plants, and there were little booklets on which plants attract which birds."
Cas hurriedly cleaned all evidence of his activities from the wall, washing his hands and then the rest of his body quickly, mind racing.
did he say this?" Sam asks, genuinely baffled.
Cas turned the shower off, shivering as he crossed the room to grab the towel. “Thank you,” He said as Sam’s hand retreated back behind the door.
Dean cleared his throat again, and shifted his hips, turning a little further away from Cas.
"Hey," Sam said, voice suddenly more serious. "You know, we don't have to go to the zoo tomorrow, if you don't want to?"
dates- Unless strippers count?" The grin that accompanied the quip was more of a grimace.
Cas is carefully laying out the seeds, already having lectured them on which plants cohabitate best (something about nutrients in soil, attracting the right kind of bugs, etc.) and having the time of his life.
Sam was furious.
," Sam corrected gently, hoping to set the right tone before they cleared the air. "There's nothing wrong with... You know, guys being together."
think about any of this? Did Cas even
about it. If
Dean glared when Sam started humming
so goddamn hard for you to say?"
He was still there when he heard the door close behind her.
Sam gave his shoulder a reassuring squeeze, eyes kind. "Then just let me know, and we'll reassess things," Sam said gently.
Cas looks like a kid who's just been told he's getting a
"Christ, Dean, why is this so hard for you?
to flee, though his eyes fell on everything except Cas. "I was hoping we could talk… "
It had seemed a safe bet that angels just didn’t
"I... Sam, really? For me?" Cas says, a sweet smile on his face that shows he's genuinely touched.
Cas,  who was now sitting with his arms crossed, looking equal parts hurt and
up, and that... She and I worked through stuff together. She showed me these books she'd been reading on trauma, and I was like,
The shower was the perfect opportunity.
Not cool of Cas to bring up Dad. There were things Sam didn’t need to know. How many other secrets that Dean had assumed died with Dad did Cas know? Did he just know…
"I..." Sam wriggled into a sitting position, not letting go of Cas' hand. "I
"Nah. Bar's two doors down," Dean called without looking back, disappearing down the stairs.
Sam holds his hands up in defeat. "Sure, whatever," He says with
Dean had packed these in here, thinking of... Them. Together.
"And you think it's more likely that he would need to
"See anything you like?" Sam prompted.
are you so hung up on this? Why is the word
"Not as much as I like you," Cas said, clasping his hands over his lap pillow. "Thank you."
"Did you only get the one towel? Need me to grab you another one?"
"Here's the zoo's website," Sam said suddenly, turning his laptop around so Cas could see it; Cas felt his train of thought screech to a halt, mind refocusing.
that."
been sleeping, they wouldn’t be
Cas looked from the wall to Sam. "Explain," he said.
As he passed the door to Dean's room, he slowed, considering going in - but the continued uncertainty about what to say kept him standing there, looking at the flaking paint on the wood, the patches of rust on the handle.
“Did you guys have a fight, or something?” Sam asked gingerly, sitting back up.
"... What word?" Dean said evasively, and Sam looked at Cas incredulously.
Cas took a tentative sip of his coffee. “Tell me more.”
Dean gaped at the wall.
Cas looks like he can't believe his luck.
━━✶━━
Sam retaliates.
, and
, Sam thought smugly.
"And that thing you did with the
to me," Sam says, because he can't
"And you know I wouldn't care at all if
to be casual.
Sam and Cas glanced between each other and Dean, while Dean stood, silent and unmoving, looking at the floor in front of him.
", the springs of the bed creaking as he attempted to right himself. It was like watching a baby deer taking its first steps; or more suitably, a moose.
"Polar bears?" Cas parroted. "And penguins, in the same place...? We put them on separate poles for a reason, you know."
Dean started, suddenly sheepish. "That's not what I meant," he amended quickly. "I just mean... I mean, he doesn't have a
Dean was happy to oblige; he leaned down, licking at the piercing, and she threw her head back against the pillows with a filthy moan. She was probably putting it on a little - girls did that, performed, and Dean understood that - but he could have her feeling the real deal easily. He ran one hand over her thigh while he worked with his tongue, his other hand snaking up to touch her tits-
, or… ?”
It was like being electrocuted, like every nerve fired off an once,
; we were supposed to be performing manoeuvrers together."
Please forgive poor Sam for his shit-head younger sibling antics; he comes from a place of love.
"Did you find what you were looking for?" Cas asked, eyes occasionally glancing back at the TV, as though he were invested in the episode.
Sam was still muttering, "I should've known, of
"... I- I don't have a preference, per se," Cas answered slowly. "A beautiful soul is attractive no matter the vessel it resides in."
Women often wore much tighter clothing, their bodies on display as Cas had walked down the street; he'd never seen such a fit a man's body up close like this, outside of images in commercials.
He wondered if Cas could hear them. He wondered how it felt for him, if he was listening. Did it feel like bile rising in his throat, nausea settling in his gut? Did it make him feel cold, like he’d lost a dangerous amount of blood? Did it make him want to scream, want to tear out his own hair at the root, taking the scalp with it, make him want to-
"I- well, I guess it couldn't hurt..." Dean mumbled.
"Skin on skin , triple-X," he murmured, reading the title aloud. He thumbed the control  down to hover over the channel, chagrined by the little grey lock symbol. The buzzing under his skin increased, and he could hear blood thundering through his ears.
"Damn," He grinned cheekily. "You're a pro!"
Sam laughed, watching his brother panic through the peephole, fishing a lockpick out of his pocket and working on the lock.
Sam was kind of impressed that Cas remembered not to look at Dean, but the light blush on his cheeks suggested maybe he
Dean stayed where he was, enough awareness returning to him that he managed to lift his jaw off of the floor and close his mouth.
to beat
- before setting about placing the weapons in places they might need them. He'd have one pistol on the night stand next to him, one under his pillow, the rifle against the wall on Cas' side of the bed, he'd tuck the silver knife into his boot-
Sam's soul, but... More it's tattered remains. He'd never stared deeply into it, like he had Dean's. He'd never bothered. If he had, maybe he'd have seen the imprint of Jess' teachings there. Instead, Sam's life was a blind spot he was glimpsing for the first time.
featured story-lines such as siblings quarrelling over a lover – though they probably weren’t a useful metric.
spend much time alone with Cas, even when they were all living in the bunker. It figured that Dean, their one shared interest outside of hunting, would be the thing that they bonded over.
think this was a case.
there was a knocking on the wall. "Hey! What the fuck?"
), and Cas had said Dean's name.
probably has some beeswax. You know, from his new hive."
"Your so serious about everything, Cas," Sam said, glancing at Dean in the rear view mirror. "It's adorable."
"No, to go to the zoo. To try... Being more physically affectionate," He said, that odd fluttering flaring in his stomach. "I think that might help. When I spoke to Dean, I think... I think maybe he listened. But if I know that he's not ready to be comfortable with me touching him... Maybe demonstrating on you will help him become more comfortable with the idea?"
. “Let’s go out there right now,” Sam suggested eagerly. “See if you can keep your eyes off of him for more than a few minutes.”
"You share a bed with your brother frequently," Cas countered. "It wouldn't be different with me, would it?"
Dean maintained his silence, and Sam's frustration grew. "Oh, did he tell you about how we're planning on going to the Kansas Zoo?"
https://mobile.twitter.com/Duckie02478974/status/1409352284354473986
━━✶━━
, not when his face was inches from Sam’s, their labored breaths puffing on each other’s faces, not when he could so easily visualize Dean’s face in ecstasy-
Sam glared at him. "Cassie? Lisa? You didn't date
"Here's one…" the kid said, tossing it on the counter.
Dean hung up abruptly, and Cas stared at the handset.
All sound from the other side of the wall stopped.
Dean glowered at him, only softening when Cas replied, "It looks fairly simple. I'm sure I can manage."
Dean was freaking out
had been; his misinterpreting of human social cues was a particular sore point. Even after all this time, he didn't feel he had a strong grasp on it. He'd felt humiliated, having been exposed as undesirable and foolish in front of Dean like that.
of being cast out again started the terrible
"I… Saw Sam leave," Dean said, apparently having opted
Sam unclenched his hands, staring at his open palms. "I'm just... I'm still
that intimacy with Cas.
"What was that, Cas?" Sam asked gently,  coming to kneel beside him at the foot of the bed. He awkwardly lay his hand on Cas' back, patting him a few times before letting his hand rest on his shoulder.
Cas tried not to get his hopes up. "What's wrong, Dean?" he asked, when Dean remained silent for a beat too long.
━━✶━━
But the thought didn’t sit well with him. It
He crawled up the bed, leaning over the girl to bang on the wall. "Get earplugs, asshole!" He shouted.
"Hello, Dean," Cas said quietly, fingers white from the force of his hand-wringing. He didn't dare move the cushion.
Cas couldn't think of anything he could say - in English, Enochian, in
the scene had had on him. He quickly grabbed a small, square cushion and pressed it onto his lap, a move that Dean's eyes followed.
"How about a rain check, Cas?" Sam said, giving Cas' shoulder a squeeze.
"I can't believe you're so excited over the zoo," Sam said affectionately. "I don't think I've been to one since I was a kid. Like, a
"Wanna talk to him, and he can tell you he's okay?" Sam asked, raising his eyebrows at Cas as if to ask him if
him say it," Dean countered, no longer approaching, just standing in the middle of the room.
," He said earnestly.
"I wish I knew," Sam sighed.  "Maybe we should just confront him. Have an intervention."
"Sorta," Sam said, unloading the guns onto the table, cataloguing their limited inventory -
Cas gave a slight nod; it was better than Dean barging in.
this, or-" Her eyes scanned the  room with suspicion, before rounding on Dean. "You know what? I fucking give up. I'm out."
There was a beat of silence during which Castiel held his breath.
He considered booking another room, but he had about five dollars left after the bar. The credit card was in Sam’s room, and like
It was true, he realised. "I think I enjoy physical contact and being held. Being human… I think I have craved touch without realising it."
Cas wondered if Dean knew about this particular human experience. Surely, if he knew the wondrous release of sharing his emotional burden with a loved one, the relief of being accepted despite one's faults, he would be happier?
, and Sam and Cas were
It had the intended effect; Sam chuckled. "A wingman is just there to support you while you make your move," He explained. "You know... Talk you up, break the ice, and help make things easier."
This was different, because it wasn’t Cas getting to go have a fun one-night dick-wetting with a stripper, or discovering a happy life outside of hunting, working a nine-to-five. Or whatever hours the Gas-N-Sip ran on.
Cas took a deep breath, shoulders rising and falling, fingers tightening on his mug. “Maybe it’s all in my head…” He muttered, chewing on his bottom lip.
," Sam pressed. "If you think
He wriggled, suddenly flushed with heat, his penis making itself known as it hardened against the seam of his pants.
"You do?" Cas asked, eyes squinting at Dean.
, physically, to hear - his chest felt like it was being crushed until he was struggling to fill his lungs, his breaths short and shallow. "I thought I could-" He croaked, throat so tight he couldn't speak above a whisper. "I hurt you so
