“They wanted us there,” said Steve.
Tony cut up some fruit and tossed them into a salad. Steve ate everything except the cantaloupe.
“It is true!”
The urge to pee drove her out. “Jarvis, bathroom.” She followed his directions to the nearest bathroom. She washed her hands and went into the hall. The big grandfather against the wall chimed as the handle struck twelve. A new day, she’d beat Daddy’s challenge. Her stomach growled. She went into the kitchen, surprised to find Papa there. He was in a pair of sweat pants, eating mint chocolate chip ice cream.
“Tony?”
Steve's mouth went dry a the unmistakable hardness against his hips. Triggering an empty clutching sensation deep within him.
“I’m not a baby,” she huffed.
Steve turned red but nodded. He poured Rhodes a cup of coffee, hoping it would help the alpha get through his current shock.
Steve brought the alpha as close as possible. He ran his fingers through his mate's hair. Tears leaked from the alpha's eyes.
“Why did you do that?” Piper asked, aggrieved.
“They are people first. And two of them are going through a trying time,” said Fury.
“Don’t worry about it."
“You’ve failed that, girl,” Sir said.
Steve rolled his eyes. Tony was masterful with the pet names. Sweetcheeks, honey buns, dimples, and sweetheart were some of the tame ones. He’d yet to come up with a pet name for Tony.
“How’s the water?”
“The last one was too easy so Tony got her this one,” said Steve. He put down his coffee. “Have you made any progress?”
“Just?”
"I can work here if you want," said Tony.
They ran into the backyard which opened into a forest. The sky was black with clouds. Thunder boomed above them. Storms hadn't been in forecast, which meant Rune was likely having a panic attack.
Piper was surprised when they walked past Winter’s room.
"Where do we start? It doesn't seem to be in any order," said Steve.
She went to the bookshelf, but her attention was still focused on Natasha.
“I’m okay. I'm really sick of that question." Piper noticed the blood dripping down Papa's forehead. She reached out slowly, wiping it from his forehead. "You're not."
Steve shook his hand. There was some familiar to his expression. The alpha was handsome, and his scent pleasant, but that didn't cut it for something like this. There was no gut attraction.
Steve's hands clenched. Tony was right, which only served to fuel his anger. He was seething.
"I already told you, but it seems I must explain it again. His scent carries a familiar chemical signature of the super soldier serum. Her bearer's scent has the same signature," she said.
Steve bristled at the idea.
“Got a suit?” asked Steve.
Steve blush grew deeper. He couldn’t believe he did that either. It was so unlike him.
“I fully intend to. I think it will be best to handle this personally. You are too close to this Hill,” said Fury.
“Only because fifth-grader stuff is super easy,” said Piper.
“Mmm.”
“How badly are we outnumbered?” asked Steve.
“I can tell. Do you know how I can tell? Cause we’re connected,” said Tony pulling out onto the road.
"No, that's not it. The idea of being alone with Piper for five days is a bit intimidating, but I'm sure I'll manage." With his free arm, he hugged Steve.
“Time?”
That earned a snarl and a pissed off glare. Tony took a deep breath through his mouth.
“Can’t blame him."
“How?!” yelled Piper.
Rumlow didn't give a shit about an apology, he wanted submission. "It was your own fault. Why should I apologize?"
“You will not tell him. If anyone does it will be me, in my own time.” Steve realized he was growling at the AI unit and took a breath. “It's my secret to tell, not yours,” he explained more calmly.
“Yes,” he said.
“Are they coming back? The aliens.”
“I will.”
“Jarvis, what time is it?”
“I can’t say. It’s in the air at the moment,” said Tony.
"You have to tell, Edith."
"You're fine," said Tony pulling him close.
Tony gripped his hand and wrapped it in a cloth. He’d jabbed himself with a screwdriver.
Rune released her. Something had changed. She seemed more relaxed. Some of the tension was gone, and Rune could only hope that change was permanent.
"No idea," said Piper. Something had caused a high level of panic. Too often had her hopes been crushed here for her to believe that it was good news.
He shook his head.
“I want to be upset with you, but I can’t be mad at you for doing what’s best for our family.”
Sighing, Tony went to get it. They set out the food on the coffee table. Steve didn’t bother with chopsticks, he just used a fork. After they finished eating, he helped Tony clean up. When they laid down on the couch, Steve pressed himself closely to Tony, craving contact. He started dozing off at some point during the news. Only to be jolted awake by the loudness of his own purrs, when Tony's hand glided across his stomach.
“Hey, I’ve read all about your accident. That much gamma exposure should have killed you,” said Tony.
Tony wished he could believe that. It had taken him a great deal of effort not to pull up the footage from his office. He wanted to know what was wrong so he could fix it. There was no easy answer to this.
"You say that as if it were something simple," sighed Steve, leaning against the boxing ring. "Look at us, Tony. We're what she'll grow into. And we aren't the golden standard for mental health."
“Black Widow,” said Tony.
“No idea,” said Steve.
“You’re welcome any time.”
Stark glared at him.
“He’s a means to an end.”
“What? Like an understudy? No, absolutely not.”
“I have to go," he said.
“You’re exaggerating,” said Steve.
"Tony!"
“Nice to meet you,” said Thor.
“We have places to be,” said Steve.
George pulled his arms back. The reveal seemed to give him more headway with Rune than with Piper. That was only due to instinct. Alphas were meant to sympathize and pity omegas who had been injured. Protecting an omega was in Rune’s DNA. But George didn't have that advantage with Piper.
Steve went to the bathroom. He swished the taste of vomit out. As they walked to the car, people were cheering for them on either side. He was grateful for the silence of the vehicle. When they pulled away from the sight of the cameras, he rested his head on Tony’s shoulder. Happy closed the window, separating, giving them privacy. Steve's face hurt from smiling.
*****
“We both agreed on it,” said Steve.
Steve settled in one chair, and Barny was across from him.
"Can I take my hand away?" asked Tony.
"Hey, you fancy either of those," he said gesturing to omegas.
“I do. It just didn’t seem so bad this time.” She shrugged. “I wasn’t going to keep them and would have given them right back after I was done looking at his car. It’s not like I can reach the pedals. I’m not going steal from random people for no reason. I know it’s wrong, but the damage was minimal.”
Their surroundings were falling apart. He jumped on top of his mate, shielding him from the rubble.
“I’ve got you.”
“I’m sorry but I got a best friend in a coma and he might not wake up. Do you have the answer to that? You are still going to down, pal.”
“For real?”
*****
“I’m sure you’ll find someone,” said Steve. Someone like her wouldn't stay single for long.
"There's more," said Steve.
"Heh, I guess you get it more than most," said Tony.
“That’s alright,” said Edith.
"That's why Erskine chose Steve."
“There isn’t.”
Winter could almost hear her thinking. The answers he’d given her weren’t the ones she wanted. He pushed another book into her hands.
His eyes locked on the target, watching as Smith failed to impress the omega working the bar. Watching the man gave no answer to why the alpha was his assignment. There wasn't much to Smith. Winter had taken out far more difficult targets. Why had he been sent after someone so low rate? Odd, but it wasn't his place to question a mission. He’d prefer something more in line with his abilities.
"You don't."
"No, but I know you, I need you near." He tugged gently on Tony's hand.
“Open the door,” said Fury to the camera watching him.
“Be still.”
“Being small is good?”
Steve changed into sweatpants and a baggy shirt. He took a few minutes to studied their bedroom. This would be the nesting room. Their scents were strongly ingrained in the bedroom and would help further bond the pup to them. The guest room down the hall would be where he had the baby. He didn’t want the stresses of labor to ruin the peacefulness and safety of their bedroom. The smell of food drew him near the kitchen. He took a seat at the counter, watching the alpha cook.
“For the better,” she said.
“That’s not a good thing,” she wailed.
They were taken aback by the rudeness. She had taken a dig where she knew it would hurt.
Fear made him blind to the mistake. The slow steady click of the keyboard as the nurse pulled up Tony’s information, near drove Steve insane. He had to get to his mate. Steve nervously tapped his fingers against the counter, unable to hold still.
Tony left a massive tip. More than enough to cover their bill. He’d agreed to host the others in the tower for as long as needed. They each took a room in the private quarters. There was a set of bunk beds on either side of the room. Steve crawled into one, every instinct urging him to sleep.
“Neither do I,” he said.
“That’s yet to be seen. Shall we start,” she said.
Steve turned red. He thought he washed it away.
Tony's phone rang making him pull away.
“Well, he was a very physically attractive alpha. Nice shoulders and big hands,” said Steve.
Steve blushed. He liked it a little too much because he was currently fighting the urge to eat it directly from the jar. They finished their early breakfast. Steve packed a bag full of snacks. He had to increase his calorie intake by how much he didn't know exactly, but he was constantly hungry.
He untapped the bubble wrap. A watercolor image of a castle surrounded by yellow and red forest. The second was a forest mountain landscape in fall. A mother bear and her two cubs could be seen heading into the shelter in the woods. The initials SGR was written in the corner.
"I want to."
“What do you feel like eating?” asked Steve.
Tony looked over the repairs made to the tower. It was as if it hadn’t happened. The footage of Steve's short there time erased, along with every trace of his sweet scent. He checked his phone for any messages from Steve. The man probably doesn’t even know how to text. He should have taught him.
“Why do you doubt me, Jarvis?”
“If I need you, I’ll get you,” he said.
“Jarvis, turn off the music and air out the room."
“I wish we could out like normal couples,” he said. They were far from normal.
“Say what’s on your mind,” said Tony.
"A life-threatening situation or maybe the protection of another."
“Come in.”
His voice was shaky with fear and defeat. Tony slowly touched Steve’s face. He whined. The omega shivered with the effort to control his mind. Steve fell backward, clutching his head. He slammed into the wall.
“Technically, you’re dead,” said the kid, handing him a newspaper.
"Jarvis, what time is it?"
"No, Howard shipped me off to boarding school as soon as I was old enough. I was popular but didn't have anyone I could call a friend. I didn't have a real one until I met Rhodes at M.I.T. He was the only one to stand by me even after all the shit I pulled." Tony was shocked at the reveal of information. Steve was easy to talk to. He didn’t have to pay Steve to listen; he listened of his own free will and seemed to care. Steve didn't have alternative motives. Steve pulled his legs to chest, making himself small.
Tony busied himself with work. He desperately needed to keep himself distracted from his guest.
The omega groaned, disappearing under the blankets.
Steve didn’t want to even be the room. He needed to know everything he could. Steve nodded. Edith placed a small plastic ring in his hand.
S.H.I.E.L.D operatives surrounded the place, taking over from emergency services. Steve pushed through the sodden ash and destruction as he searched for Piper. He found remnants of her backpack. The shock was overwhelming. He teetered on the edge of a mental break down; frozen, unable to move. Stuck in the failure of not being able to protect his pup. Their connection was alive. That meant Piper was too.
Tony groaned. It was better than no response at all. He lifted Tony bridal style, carrying him to the master bathroom. Steve placed him gently on the floor. Steve went to the tub, letting it reach a lukewarm temperature. He undressed Tony. Steve hung the IV bag on a hook.
Steve learned it meant a change in subject likely one he wouldn’t want to dwell on.
“What’s on your mind?” he asked.
“No,” he said.
“Three minutes. Two lines positive and one negative."
“Whenever you’re ready, Agent Romanoff.”
Tony groaned, feeling a migraine coming on. Steve sheltered in his studio working on some masterpiece. He should have implied that he would have taken Piper away, but he was so angry. He went to Howard’s bar unlocking the liquor cabinet, looking over the slightly dusted over bottles.
“I’m in heat.”
Piper sat on her bedroom floor building a city of blocks and Legos. She paid a little attention to her parents' conversation. Why were they so worried about her having friends? So what if the average age of her closest friends was 218.66 years? Papa's and Thor's age skewed the average. It's not that she didn't want friends her own age, but the only other three-year-olds she met blew a snot bubble and that was the end of that interaction. She grew tired of blocks and took out some of the math problems Daddy had given her last week. The problems varied in difficulty. Some would take her hours, some only minutes. She looked over the problem.
“I can’t do this,” she said.
“No, I don’t want it to happen again!”
This wasn't moving fast enough. Maybe Trevor needed more motivation. He pointed the gun at Trevor's face. At this point, he was too tired to care about pulling the trigger. He wanted to this entire situation to be over. All he wanted was to be in New York with his mate.
“It’s okay,” whispered Steve reassuringly.
“Of the people here A of which is wearing a spangly outfit. And B not of use,” said Tony.
"Yeah, I miss you too, but how things used to be."
“What caused it?” He wanted to understand. There was so much she expressed and did that was completely outside his frame of reference.
“I don’t have it. You need the cube to bring me home, but I’ve sent it off. I know not where,” said Loki.
"Why was that your first response?"
“Thank you, honey.”
Rhodes didn’t know what to say. There was no magical balm to soothe this over. He squeezed Tony’s shoulder. His words would do nothing. A very sweet, almost chemical scent touch Rhodes’ nose. Both alphas instantly tensed. Rhodes took several steps away from Tony. Giving him time to run if needed.
“Do you want me to stay?” asked Steve.
Tony spared a moment looking over the images of her eight grandchildren, four girls, and four boys. The kettle screeched, stopping his aunt from asking her next question of when he’d settle down. He readied the tea. The cookies were in the same place as they when he was a child. He set the tea tray on the table. The seat in the kitchen.
The alpha paused when he saw the omega’s shirt. “I’m fine.”
“Can’t we start now?”
It hadn’t even crossed his mind as a possibility. That probably made it a perfect location. Antarctica was a wasteland, spotted with a few research facilities, and none of them capable of handling Piper.
“That’s a can of worms you don’t want to open,” said Daddy.
“What a perfect place for it to be,” said Tony.
"You don't think this is hypocritical? Building after what I destroyed. I can't stop," said Tony.
The alpha sounded exhausted. He must have been on the verge of falling asleep when Steve disturbed him. He’d been shifting restlessly for hours, believing the alpha was asleep. Steve knew he should stay until Tony fell asleep but he couldn't. He got out of bed.
“Thanks.”
He turned off the TV, falling back into the filthy mattress. His thoughts traveled to blue-eyed omega. He should have told him where the pup was regardless of the punishment. If they killed him at least he'd die for a worthy cause. Reuniting a family. He'd destroyed so many.
“I understand. This will be kept private.”
Steve squeezed his hand.
"That's a normal fear to have."
“The sooner the better.”
“No.”
"Tony?"
Rumlow snorted. "I want the brat out of there and in training by tomorrow," he said.
“No, not completely, but my priorities have.” Steve ran his fingers through his hair.
“It's extremely important. You pull some kind of stupid stunt like this. It puts our stock at risk. What if this guy goes public?” said Pepper.
“I don’t care.”
“Papa’s stew.”
"Mm?"
“Somewhere secluded.”
Killian tossed three black spheres toward him. A hologram of Steve appeared. He laid on the floor panting heavily. His skin glowed orange in certain spots as Extremis coursed through him. The muted cries of his mate played before him. All he wanted was to take away that pain. The agony of the sight threatened to call upon feral alpha wanting nothing more than to protect and mend its failure. He deep guttural inhuman sound created by the greatest anger. A zip tie snapped as he struggled forward. Killian pinned the free hand back. He snarled in tried lunging for the man’s throat.
“I married a man named, Henry. He was one of the men you rescued,” said Peggy.
“It won’t let me go without contact."
"I'm sorry, Rune. I snapped. I never wanted my actions to affect you."
“Okay.” He was actually asking for her help. Winter had never done that before. Normally, she had to figure it out for herself if he needed something.
“Maria?”
“You’ll see,” said Tony.
“And say what for an excuse,” said Steve.
"I know," said Tony.
It was more than he'd ever hoped for. When he was young, he thought he'd be lucky to have a courthouse ceremony. But here he was with an alpha that could give him anything he ever dreamed of.
Her hands fisted. She had to at least try. Winter was trying for her. She had to do the same for him! She wouldn't give up! Her jaw locked as a surge of new strength flooded through her. Blue light spread through her, setting her veins alight. Piper gasped as grew it more intense.
“Doctor?” said Steve.
The smell of ash and smoke clung to Steve's skin. The alpha did his best to cover Steve in his scent, removing the smokey smell. Tony held him closer, instinct and love mixing urging him to protect. Steve purred all the louder.
"Before you two may leave, I have to give both of you a check-up. Is that okay?" asked Edith.
“He couldn’t like Captain America,” said Tony.
The anger came flooding back. This stranger was the whole reason for her being here. “Who is he?” she asked.
“He’s an Asgardian a superhuman alien race. It isn’t surprising ancient men thought him a god,” said Natasha.
"You don't want me to sing, pumpkin. Papa is the singer. Do you want to listen to some of the music from my time?" She smiled. “I’ll take that as a yes,”
“Then they approached me about the role and they knew about the drugs.”
“I can,” said Clint.
A car pulling into the driveway caught Piper’s attention. It was a beautifully restored Land Rover 1961 Series II. It was a pale, almost mint green. She was surprised when Dr. Barny come out.
Steve twitched uncomfortably his shorts soaked in slick.
She was crying.
“Mr. Stark."
“Food is food, eat.”
“It's safe. The drones didn’t pick up anything,” said a scientist.
Tony gently rubbed her arm.
“So?” he asked.
“Is fine. I’m pregnant not made of glass.”
Winter withdrew, collecting his emotions.
He wished Tony were here to check on him. There would be impossible to explain this without telling him the truth.
"Sorry, sweetheart," said Tony, unrepentant.
“Sure.”
Steve went rigid as fingers pressing into him. He gulped down his fear, nosing against Tony's neck, hoping it would soothe his nerves. It did little to calm him. Yelping as the digits pressed further. Tony pulled away instantly. The alpha gently cupped his face.
Steve’s hands fisted. “What are you implying?!”
“When?” asked Steve. He caught Tony's hand, but they slipped his grip.
“What’s this?” she asked, giving the necklace a gentle tug. She smiled when Steve blushed.
“Why thank me when we aren’t even sure it’s going to work?”
"We're okay, Steve."
“It shouldn’t be much longer. Do you want me to call him?”
She turned around in her chair to face him. He bit his lip, forcing down his growl. Steve’s scent was on her. Worry bubbled in the pit of his stomach. No, Steve would be able to handle himself.
“Is he not coming?” asked Steve.
“Yes, sir.”
“Honestly, I’m still trying to figure out what happened to the first mouse,” said Tony.
"I know that!" Piper collected, only to lapse into emotion again. "I'm here safe, yet my brain still thinks I'm at that place. And I don't know why! I don't know how to change that. It's so frustrating!"
“Why’d she go missing? Doesn’t she know her papa and daddy are looking for her?” asked Carl.
“I’m three.” There were many things out of her range of understanding. But she didn’t want to think about a cat that was half-alive and half-dead at the same time. "So, it's a zombie?"
“Run systems check.”
Piper reached out for her whimpering. Her tiny hands grabbing for him.
*****
*****
“I can’t wait,” she said.
“Trust me. We’re going out of town,” said Steve.
"People were suspicious before. And they'll definitely start asking questions now. Everyone can smell him on you," said Rhodes.
Steve wanted to ask the alpha to join. He shouldn't get used to sleeping without Tony.
“Anything interesting?” asked Tony.
"I went to a Russian fighting ring, specializing in fighters with mechanical limbs. Someone there just happened to owe me a favor."
“Love you too, Daddy.”
“You called me your boyfriend,” he said.
They got into the car. It was only a thirty-minute drive to the studio. The host herself was there to greet them in person. She shook Steve’s hand.
“I’m asking because I love you and I need you in my life. Our pup is only an unforeseen bonus. Will you marry me, Steven Grant Rogers?” asked Tony.
There was only an hour left until the wedding. Guests were wondering around the ceremony area. Tony and others were dressed and ready. Natasha and Clint arrived at the same time. She wore a deep blue dress matching the colors of the wedding. Steve asked her and Clint to be groomsmen. Neither held the title of best woman or man. The honor belonged to Bucky. A seat in the front row had been left open to honor his lost best friend.
“Home sweet home,” said Tony.
“Look I don’t want to clip your wings here. We’re both a little over-excited. I got an issue I'm chasing a bad guy. I'm trying to grab a little something. Some hard creed data files. I don't have enough juice. I need you to jump on the roof recalibrate the ISDN and pump up by about forty percent,” he said.
"Nothing that couldn't be handled," said Rumlow.
“I’m not one in a prison uniform,” he said.
“What time is it?” he asked.
“It wasn’t my idea.”
Edith sighed. “Do you truly wish for me to explain?”
“Okay, soon enough, we'll own a mint green An Austin-Healey Sprite Mark I," said Daddy. He kissed her on the forehead.
“The paint will survive almost anything. And I added a stealth coloration and camouflage setting,” said Tony.
Steve blushed.
“Hey, pup.”
“I don’t think you’ll fit into that tube, sweetheart,” said Tony, smiling easily. He crawled into the tube, feeling confined by the thick plastic walls. Glowing patterns were painted on the inside of the tunnel, giving it a comforting feel.
“I’ll clean up. You put her down,” said Steve.
“And you’re Tony’s boyfriend?” asked Rhodes.
“Call Pepper.”
“None of the smiles I saw were fake.”
Her lavender honey scent relaxed him. Slowly his muscles unwound.
Those tearful blue eyes did a number on him. They had the same effect as Steve’s -something he would do anything to repair. There was nothing he could do to mend this. Was it to soon to call Steve? It would be twelve in Egypt, the middle of the workday. Waiting until night would be better.
“Careful.”
“Get him to the birthing room,” said Edith.
“Don’t be. You saved me the calories. I don’t need to add to this gut." Barny patted his belly. "Not everyone has such an amazing metabolism."
Piper looked past them toward Rune. He was asleep on a bed not far from hers. Aunt Maria was looking over him. She was gazing at him so lovingly. Rune would be safe with her. Maybe even find a home with Aunt Pepper and Aunt Maria. That would be a good place to live. Even if Papa and Daddy didn’t want her here, they’d have to keep her. Staying with them was still better than where she’d been.
“Funeral?”
She was brought to the classroom. Instead of the one lone child's desk at the center of the room, there were two. The other one was slightly bigger than hers. Two child-sized easels were placed at the front of the classroom with a fresh box of crayons. The door opened again and Rune entered, surprised. Neither had expected to see the other so soon.
"We won't always be perfect. That's impossible when you're married to me. Even at worst of times no matter what they are I will always strive to love you," said Tony.
Their frustration with each other faded as the night wore on. They sunk into the comfort of their bond. Steve trembled when Tony breathed against his neck. He bared it to the alpha, gasping as the alpha’s teeth broke his skin, reclaiming him. Tony tenderly lapped the mark. The tension left Steve’s form instantly, his body going limp. He cried when he felt the alpha’s agony coursing through their bond. Steve turned so he was facing Tony. Those brown eyes were dull with grief.
“Did it happen in the U.S.?”
“Nice to meet all of you,” said Steve. Their names did little to calm him. He winced.
"That wouldn't matter," said Tony.
“I’m getting there,” laughed Lena “The elephant seals had caught Theodore. Big crude animals, who hated all that entered their beach. He’d been imprisoned by the evil Beach Master. Theodore was close to giving up, unaware of how close his friend was. A sharp poke to his side woke him.”
“So I shouldn’t expect a blurry picture of myself on some gossip magazine?” said Steve.
He sat up.
"Love you too, sweetheart."
"Do you think she's part of this? Or is she someone who could help us?" asked Steve.
“I know you are parents trying to protect your children,” said George.
“That sounds nice."
The child’s mind was set. He had no urge to change it. No, one had ever stared at him with admiration before. He was unworthy.
“Okay, Winter.”
“I could answer that better if I knew where we were going,” said Piper.
“With Clint,” said Natasha.
"What would you call me?"
“Me?” Winter stared, as near to incredulous as his protocols allowed.
The question was answered Lena burst into Piper’s room. Rune instantly hid under his bed. While Piper stood firm glaring at the woman.
"Ironman helped me find way back," he said.
“Anything you want to watch?” asked Tony.
“Are you sure?”
“This looks great,” said Steve. He took a bite. It was so much better than the food at the S.H.I.E.L.D. training facility.
“Anything else?” he asked.
Steve didn’t quite know how to process the information.
“Yeah, but you look like you need it.”
He howled in ecstasy as he was knotted. Steve barely recovered from his first orgasm when Tony moved his leg onto his shoulder. Making the sensation all the more intense. Steve was boneless his mind struggled to string together a thought. Water pooled underneath them. Neither of them dare move. They waited for Tony’s knot to go down.
“What’s the occasion?” asked Happy.
Tony wasn't sure if that was the best idea. He wasn't the most stable of people to be around right now. “I have an anxiety issue."
“You!”
“He’s at a S.H.I.E.L.D medical wing in Brazil. We’ve run into an issue," said Fury.
“You told me to make it as soon as possible, sir. I've made it with Dr. Gregory Crane. You’ve seen him before.”
“Jarvis, you there?” she whispered.
“We’re fine.” Neema replied. "One of them ran, setting off a booby trap. Keep a lookout."
"Yes," said Steve. His stomach growled.
“No, it isn’t.”
"I'm sorry, Steve."
“Nice and clean. Where’s her nursery?”
“Legal intern,” he said.
“Why should I keep it?” asked Steve.
“I set my alarm for six.”
After his run, Steve went to the range. Natasha walked in at some point, taking the booth next to him. He lowered his weapon. Steve took off his headphones.
“You have successfully disconnected the transmission line. We’re officially off the grid, sir,” said Jarvis.
“Why not?”
"There were footsteps on the roof. A masked attacker broke in. He was strong Tony. Knocked me out with a single hit. This guy wasn't normal," said Happy.
“Isn’t some rule against inviting exes to a wedding,” teased Peggy.
“Steve.”
“Mine.”
“It’s January 18, 2016. We’re in our bedroom. You’re safe.”
“So sex in the elevator,” said Tony. He smirked when Steve’s attention instantly seemed more interested in the sandwich and began to eat. Steve pushed the plate a day when done.
“Next?”
“Please.”
“Tony will love it. Shows off your butt perfectly,” she said.
"Why is there another omega's scent on you?" said Steve.
*****
“We both know the law is imperfect. People …bad people slip through, unpunished. They get arrested and are out again days later.”
The unessential staff put up more of a fight than he’d expected, wasting precious time. Joseph armed a tranquilizer gun. This had to be handled quickly. He glanced at his watch. Twenty minutes until they arrived. He touched his earpiece.
Rhodes got up and shot out the light.
“Fine." His reassurance did little lessen the concern in her expression. “I’m fine, Nat. The serum makes me immune to every toxin."
“Is this Mr. Stark?”
“I can hear it in their voice,” she said.
“You’ll have to ask her that.”
Tony didn’t feel confident in that assumption. He’d try to Steve to sleep for at least a few hours today. Tony yawned. “And she agreed to meet with the doctor,” he said, leaving out the part that she'd only agreed to do it for Steve's sake.
Piper dropped from the chair to the ground, discreetly blowing the away the hair blocking the article.
“Clint.”
“A lot happened the last seventy years,” said Phil.
"Why?"
“I don’t know but one thing I can promise is that it will be a lot better than here. So, will you help me? Or at least not tell them.”
The pup was something non-threatening on which to focus. A break from the restricting chaos overriding his faculties. Every thirty minutes she’d scoot 10 inches closer, but somehow she only took five inches back every time he growled.
“It does,” said Pepper.
Piper sat on the steps of the grand stairway with her learning material. Flying through the starting pages of the question packet. Rune sat next to her, looking over her shoulder.
“I’ll recover,” said Steve.
*****
He walked into a bloody scene. The scent of blood mixed the scents a terrified and calmed omega and angered alpha. By the overpowering stench of Captain Rogers heat. Several of his team gagged.
Natasha let herself into the room. Steve was in his dress uniform. The jacket laid next to him. He sat at the end of the bed polishing his shoes.
“I’d rather be an animal than a monster!”
“Shh, she could be watching. Do you want to end up like her last tech?” Dr. Zemo had a terrifying reputation. Those who failed to meet her expectations frequently became subjects for her experiments. Almost no one survived. The few that did wished for death.
His mate fell into the fire below. Tony couldn't breathe. He searched for anything that would show his mate was alive. It was as if his heart had been ripped from his chest. His family was gone.  They'd slipped through his fingers. And was his fault! He let shock wash over him.
“Yep, wait you’re guilt-tripping me aren’t you?”
“The two of you have met,” said Lena.
The beta carried to her to the bathroom. Piper whimpered when her arms were freed. They were numb and tingly. She shook them, trying to get back some feeling. The beta pushed her into the shower. Piper winced at the bite of the frigid water against her skin. She washed quickly, relieved that the red the rash going down, her legs had started fading.
"I can't." He was sure Tony's party would outdo those of his father. The party scene was not his place. At them, he was a wallflower trying that trying desperately to go unnoticed. Bucky would drag him onto the dance floor and try to get him to dance. He always retreated as soon as he could.
Hydra would try and gather as much information as possible from them. One of the wings was shredded. A giant footprint brought a brief distraction to the ominous scene. No animal native could have made a print of this size.
Steve hadn’t thought of that. The idea of walking down it alone with all those eyes on him was uncomfortable. Most of them were strangers.
“It’s okay.” She wanted to cry. Not for herself, but for Winter. He was hollow. Only small bits and pieces of a man, not even enough to make a fraction of a person.
*****
Steve laughed. He glared when he realized the alpha was serious. "No."
A helicopter fell from the sky. Its blades shredded through what remained of his house. Tony was caught in the falling rubble. His was work and possessions exploded around him. Water engulfed him. He sunk. Water leaked into his armor as he sunk further. He was powerless. Chunks of cement piled on top of him.
"I was wondering when you'd come."
“You’ll call every day right?” asked Carl.
Steve leaned against the fridge. He hoped Thor was alright. There were few signs of the demi-god since Greenwich. Thor could handle himself; he was sure the man was fine.
It didn’t take long for it to finish. He grabbed two large bowls and served them both. Thor stared at him. Steve felt embarrassed.
Tony wanted to show off Steve. Any alpha would.
“Good luck with whatever that is,” said Helmut, kindly.
Steve’s fingers tangled in Tony’s hair, tugging him into another kiss. He wrapped his legs around his alpha’s waist, holding him in place, so he rocked their arousals together. His mind went blank at the contact. He wanted more!
“I’ll bring something.” Tony didn’t have much faith in the new lead. But he hoped he was wrong, that it would lead to something. Piper had to be out there somewhere. He should have put a tracker on her. They went up to the roof where Jarvis had the jet waiting for them.
“Mr. Hogan was caught in an explosion-
“Yes, but you know that,” said Edith.
"Go with red and gold. That's what she's familiar with."
Steve was right.
“Rudo.”
Steve bit his lip but edged closer to the alpha. How far could he give into the distraction of heat before it became overwhelming? Tony’s hands gently ran over his arms. The simple touch made it difficult to focus. He backed away.
“I’m guessing you don’t have decorations,” said Steve.
“Shh.”
"Doesn't matter," said Winter.
“Don't say sorry. I wouldn't want to be this either," he said. But what else could he be? Was there anything else he could do? He had no skills outside the ones given him.
“Why do you think that?”
New Year's Eve came around too soon. Tony was in his armor on the deck getting ready to leave.
“Jarvis, can you make it cooler?"
“He’s not every omega!” he growled.
They settled on the couch. Tony turned on the TV every news channel was discussing the incident. The majority of people were for them. Steve saw the waitress from a café he went to thank him. There was a minority who were against him.
“Almost a month,” said Steve.
“Can…never mind,” said Rune.
"Steve Rogers."
“What set?”
“Do you think Lena’ll come back?” Piper worried.
Four heats a year, instead of one every month. It was a relief.
"I'll have to find a new team."
"It's not me I'm worried about," he said, lowering his hand protectively over his stomach.
“Fifteen days,” said Steve.
“I’ve added security measures since the last time. You’re safe,” said Tony.
“You don’t always call me, pup, Winter. I’d like it, actually, if you called me Piper more.”
"I love the sounds you make, beautiful, but we need to keep quiet."
Only feet away from her, Extremis sunk into spine his spine again, bringing him down next to her. He reached and rip off her arm restraints. Another explosion ignite. Steve covered their heads with his shield. Debris fell on top of them, pinning them.
"Nothing." She hadn't spotted it yet.
Steve nodded.
“I know, baby girl. Neither me or Papa thought that. I understand that more than you can possibly know," said Tony.
The vice president in this story won't be Joe Biden. He'll be taking over for the other guy after Mandarin story arc.
"Says the man who can pack two buckets chicken, when he's just feeling peckish."
“Safe,” repeated Steve.
He held him close. The omega was feral.
“Did he hurt you?” he asked.
Fury took a plastic bag of black metal pieces. Tony looked at Steve. The omega nodded. Tony took the bag, pouring onto the table. Jarvis scanned them. The holographic images of each piece appeared on the screen. Twenty minutes later Tony put the holographic images together into their original form. He was amazed at how similarly the design replicated his own work. But it had its own creative twists.
That night once the pups were asleep, the adults gathered in the kitchen.
“I don’t know how I’d respond,” admitted Steve.
"I should be going," said Steve. He got up.
She wouldn't abandon him! Piper punched the crate, creating a massive dent in the metal framing. On the second hit, her fist punched through. A powerful wave of blue energy killed the guard.
“It means you care.”
He unbuttoned the cuffs of his shirt, rolling his sleeves up to show circular burn along his forearms and horizontal scars across his wrists. Both the pups leaned closer to get a better look.
Tony nodded. He returned to his seat.
“I’ll be there soon.”
“No.”
Winter grabbed the child automatically, pushing her behind him. The motion was out of his control, driven by instinct - something he wasn't supposed to have. His eyes widened at the realization. Children had never been an issue before; now should be no different.
Steve lead him to the bedroom. He climbed into the bed waiting for the alpha to join him. Tony joined him. Steve breathed in his alpha scent. The lights dimmed. The only light was the one from Tony’s arc reactor. The blue light was comforting to him. Tony stared at the ceiling.
“Can I be black this time?” she asked.
*****
“I wanted to,” she said, handing him a bag.
“I’ll get a start on breakfast,” he said.
"It will be okay. I won't let anything happen to you," said Tony.
Why did he have to be here? The man's presence calmed and infuriated him at the same time.
“I’m no master spy, but I can know that was a pathetic attempt at a lie,” said Steve.
Tony looked phone. "Shit, it's already five."
“I can tell how much you care about him, Tony. Let yourself be happy,” said Rhodes.
"You don't mean that."
"I'll be down soon enough," said Tony.
“I know that primal submissive omega is begging you to bare that elegant neck to me,” he said.
“Pipes, you’re a Stark. There’s always something going on up there.”
“You’re not giving her enough credit.”
“Smells likes her,” said Steve with a slight growl.
“Do you want your bath toys?” No response. “Not even Hooper?” he asked, offering the rubber Shark
“Shh, sweetie, it's okay."
"Do you have to put that on?" asked Steve.
“Can’t blame a man for being curious,” said Rumlow.
"I thought Howard would have it reset to you when he died. He probably thought whatever was inside could be useful to you," said Steve.
He rose from the table.
“Promise?”
“May I buy you a drink?”
“Well yes,” said Loki.
It sounded too good to believe. It had always been a hellish occurrence in his life.
“Ready?” she asked.
“Jarvis, you there?” he said.
Piper groaned, fully awake. She felt better. A staff member came in. It was a female beta, but a new face, even though it was hidden by a surgical mask. Maybe she was part of the staff taking care of Rune. Along with food, the woman brought her clothes. How did the woman expect her to eat when she was locked up in a crib?
“You’re cutting it close,” said Tony.
“Legos!”
“Can you lower your gown to your chest?” she asked.
“Don’t want you to hurt your hands.”
“I’ll have Jarvis call you when we’re done. I assume he’s here as well,” said George.
“Where are you?” he asked.
He'd only fix Mark 5. Shame swept over him for giving into so soon after. He'd given into to urged to create so soon after destroying what proved to be a distraction. This was only for emergencies if he needed to get to Steve quickly. He worked the night away.
“Already?” said Steve.
"Tony?"
"We can leave whenever we want. One of the benefits of owning a plane."
Steve nodded, though not entirely convinced.
Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair. Steve leaned into the touch.
Steve blushed. He smiled softly at the image of him, cuddling closely to Tony's chest. He snagged the phone, tucking into his pocket. “I don’t know how to change it."
“Okay,” said Piper. It would probably feel good. She allowed Daddy to pick her up.
“Are you sure you don’t need assistance?” asked Jarvis.
Piper inwardly groaned. That wasn’t nothing, but it wasn’t worth pushing now.
“Do you want me to read you a story?”
“We’re here,” he said.
Steve carefully made his way through to medical, keeping an eye out for Kate. She wasn’t a bad alpha but didn’t seem to understand that he was taken. He ran his hand over his neck. Nat was right the flirtations wouldn’t stop until he carried Tony’s mark. He reached Turner’s office without issue.
“Steve."
“Breakfast.”
“I’ve got you, Steve.”
When they pulled up to Stark Tower, Natasha said, “if you need anything call.”
“Like the weight?” she asked.
“Later, Nat,” he said before walking in the direction of the café.
“Mrs. Davis, mind if I join you?”
He kissed her on the forehead.
He crumpled the paper in his hand. “I’m going to find a heavy-duty COMPSTAT right now. I need your login."
“In the lab.”
That deep alpha voice sounded familiar, but she couldn’t place it. Where did she know it from? Piper tried sitting up, but her limbs wouldn’t budge. She sniffed. Along with the alpha, there was a beta.
“Hi, I’m Rune.”
“99 degrees. How’s your cramping on a scale of one to ten? I want you to be completely honest with me. The macho act will only backfire,” said Edith.
“Daddy,” began Piper once she returned to the kitchen.
“Hello, Sir.”
Distress leaked off the pup.
“How old is your papa?”
“Why did you do that?” Winter asked, breath still a little short.
“You shouldn’t be near me when I’m like this.”
“I get it better safe than sorry,” he said.
"Why do you have to brush your teeth before you eat? It makes more sense to brush them after so food doesn't taste funny," she said.
“What are you doing, Mr. Stark?” he asked.
“So this Dr. Banner was trying to replicate the serum they used on me?” asked Steve.
“Why did they do that to you?”
“Lever now!”
The beta frowned. It was an expression Steve was unaccustomed to seeing on Barny’s normally friendly face.
Tony brought him close. His deep rumbling purrs relaxing Steve further. Tony wasn’t doing it for that purpose. The alpha was simply purring because he was happy. Steve began purring. The sounds of their purrs lulled him to sleep.
“TONY, I’M HERE!”
"If anyone can handle it will be her."
“That’s true, Piper.”
He relaxed. Piper sat up, ignoring the ache that came with the simple motion.
Tony watched as Steve woke. The omega got up from bed, stretching to his full height.
Tony kissed him.
“Was it what you wanted?” asked Tony.
"I'm impressed," said Steve.
“Only in shape. She’s not the same naïve girl we lost." However, accurate the statement was, it did little to calm his mate. Steve wasn't going to let go of what happened. “She’s a lot tougher than she looks,” Tony continued.
“Yes.”
Steve sighed.
“No, I need your help,” she said.
“It had broken during my fall. I could hear messages not return them,” said Thor.
“What is it, gorgeous?”
“Just curious,” said Steve.
He smelled delicious. Claiming an omega of such standing would be a prize. She scowled, catching the scent of another alpha on him.
He wasn’t getting out of this.
“What are you and Tony doing for New Year's Eve?” asked Natasha.
For the sake of their mental health, they needed a break. It was all up to Steve. He wasn't going to force the subject.
Winter nodded. The pup jumped him, embracing him.
"This is how it works now, Meryl Streep. You tell him where Steve and Pepper and he'll stop doing it," said Tony.
There was a creak as Helmut walked downstairs from their room. He took a seat next to his father.
"Whoever is foolish enough to harm our child must have a death wish," said Tony.
“I should get going,” said Rhodes.
“I can fix that.”
“You haven’t, at least not peacefully,” said Tony.
“Wedding plans,” said Pepper.
“And you certain you have everything you need to do this?” asked Steve.
“We don’t.”
“Her full name Piper Sarah Margret Stark,” said Steve.
“Physically, she’s fine. Mentally - I don’t know. That’s actually what I wanted to discuss.”
"Sure, who will godparents?"
"And you made it in an hour?" It was a comfort wearing it. His heats may be unpredictable at points. This would prevent him from being bonded from some random alpha.
“I don’t know. It didn’t go too good last time,” said Piper. She toyed with a block. “Will it help Papa if I do? Make him less stressed.”
“Uh, actually I’m trying to threaten you,” said Tony.
"Is his bike still in the garage?"
Tony kissed him. He glanced at the clock.
“Promise me,” he said.
What if someone saw them?
He enjoyed his job, despite the darkness, he encountered. But it was worth it. He was helping people and protecting his country. That was something to take pride in. His body craved that activity it provided.
Lighting cracked the dark clouds above them. Thunder roared after each glowing bolt through the sky.
“Turn over on your hands and knees."
It was a feminine voice, but the scent was alpha. He recognized the scent vaguely. It was alpha scent he found on Steve when he first picked up for heat.
Steve nodded.
Piper searched Lena's expression. It was plain and kind, but gave away nothing, so Piper was unable to tell if Lena was sincere. She had to trust in Theodore's reaction. He was alert. This woman was dangerous. Lena's scent was comfortable and safe, and instinct urged her trust the beta. But this was the one time Piper thought she couldn't trust her own instincts. Instead, Piper focused on Theodore's scent.
“There’s nothing wrong with it, Rune. And he just a skilled as Aunt Nat.” Though she'd put the odds in Aunt Nat's favor it the two had to fight against each other.
He was purring. When did he last purr like? Only when he was a pup and with his mother. Never while he’s in heat. An unwanted memory came to the forefront of his mind.
“When I went under the world was at war. When I wake up they say we won. They didn’t say what we lost,” Steve said.
They finished their breakfast. Piper happily slurped up the colorful cereal milk, burping loudly after she did. Tony smirked and belched too, earing a giggle. He looked at her winter wonderland. And was surprised to see someone besides Elsa in the castle.
“He created me.”
“You’re right, Piper. We all need to be more honest with each other,” said Tony.
"I'm glad the battle is over. Things won't be the same after this. Normal changes after an alien invasion," said Steve.
"NO, YOU DON'T!" screamed Piper.
“Are you good?” asked Natasha.
“You don’t see it,” she said.
“12:00pm.”
"You okay in there?" asked Tony.
Tony grabbed his hand. “Stay,” he said.
“Where?” asked Steve.
"Piper and I will be in the living room. Nice and quiet."
“Good pup.”
“What happened?” groaned Tony, rubbing his temples.
Steve's love was the most stable element of his life.
He possessed the skills to do just that. But lacked the ability to use them for such a purpose.
Tony sat on the edge of the bed, smiling at him.
Steve sighed his phone vibrating in his pocket. He picked up.
They nuzzled. The earthy clove scent soothed his panic.
“You don’t need to watch that.”
Steve sighed, accepting that he'd have to wear it.
“Yeah, we’ll talk about that over dinner,” he said.
Steve growled, before kicking the alpha out of the bed.
“The only person who can have a bigger ego than Stark is the original,” said Natasha.
He went to the cafeteria, picking up Piper's favorite foods. Steve came back to the room, placing the tray in front of the pups. Their stomachs growled, but neither ate.
"JARVIS!" snarled Steve.
“You promised no more delays!”
“This isn't about what I would do.”
She’d heard that before.
Piper’s good mood changed when she saw Dr. Wong. “I guess we have to go inside.”
Steve clenched the counter. She was right.
"We haven't really talked about bonding yet," said Steve.
Piper shook her head, unwilling to give into it. These were still the people who had brutally attacked Winter in front of her. They weren't good. Nothing to prove they worth any small semblance of trust.
“What do you think I’ll do with them that has you so worried.”
“It will come to me at the moment,” said Tony.
"Jarvis."
“I don’t know.” Winter knew why they subject him to this kind of treatment, but not her.
“Hmm."
“I was learning a skill you wanted me to! You’re punishing me for doing what you said!” growled Piper.
“It was his failure in training, Rune landed me with an alpha pup who was mentally destroyed. It took years for me to reshape Rune’s mind into something that even resembled functionality.”
“Starting virtual crime scene reconstruction,” said Jarvis.
“It’s an arc reactor,” said Tony.
“Steve.”
Steve’s attention went to the dog, begging for his affection.
“Dr. Banner will discover what I did,” said Edith.
Steve drew his gun as they made their way through the abandoned base. Its corridors were narrow and maze-like. It smelled of bears, dust, and some chemical mixture. The only disturbances were caused by the bears, not human intervention. A green glow emanating from the hall made go on alert. The containers holding the substance must have pried open the bears or eroded by time.
"Until then, me, Jarvis, and Papa will keep an eye out for him. Every camera in the world will be looking for him. We only have to be patient and I know that is not easy."
“Good girl.” He ruffled her hair, earning an annoyed huff. Winter tucked his knife away.
“Of course just one moment,” she said before rushing away.
“You…You should be-
Tony went to the elevator turning nervously back at Natasha.
“I can’t erase the information, but I can block it from Sir until you’ve reached your destination. But I insist on you telling him that you are leaving. He may go into panic if you don’t. I don’t want that happening again,” said Jarvis.
“It’s a nice visual,” said Piper with a shrug. And it was something to do. “Do you recognize any place on here?”
“No.” Tony hid his hand behind his back.
*****
“You’re pregnant.”
“Tony, said you were a botanist,” said Steve.
Steve cupped the alpha’s face in his hands. “I’ll try my best not to get injured. You have to trust in that."
“Love you too, beautiful.”
“Raisins.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“And Stark, I told you so,” said Fury.
“I thought it was only one to take fetal DNA from my blood,” said Steve.
“What’s wrong?” asked Steve.
"Steve...I'm sorry."
Tony shivered at the whispered request. He moved atop omega, resting his weight between Steve’s hips. To make it easier for Steve, he pushed up those long legs. Steve bared his neck, showing willing submission. Tony breathed in deeply and smile; the only scent was of an aroused omega. He slowly removed his fingers. Tony aligned them. Steve swallowed nervously, getting a full view of Tony’s size. Tony smirked.
“Whatever you do make sure you get down on one knee. We all just love that,” said Peggy.
“Sir, Ms. Potts is calling,” said Jarvis.
“No, but we shall find out soon,” said Thor.
“Shh, I’m not going anywhere.” Steve started humming. Tony’s breathing and slowly meeting his gaze.
“You had me worried,” he said, wiping away Steve’s tears.
he rejection of her parents shouldn’t have made her any less of a person. She could still stand and fight not fall into pattern her captors. She’d even gone as far rationalizing hurting innocent people!
“Have sex?”
“Umm, thanks,” said Steve.
He hurried to the bathroom, the babe pressing down on his bladder. After a quick shower, he went into the kitchen. Tony offered him a plate. Steve poked at it with his fork.
“Why?”
Natasha stormed over, slapping him on the back of the head. “What were you thinking!”
January 7, 2016
Tony's attention drifted from his work when the sound of Steve’s scribbling stopped. He went over to the pad on the table and saw a sketch of himself staring back at him.
“Hello, there,” said Natasha. Rune glanced at Piper.
"I understand if you forgave him," said Steve.
Happy blushed.
“When should I expect you?” asked Steve.
Steve and Tony went outside. Piper was watching Maria and Pepper playing with Rune. It was clear she was jealous. When she caught them staring, she dove into the maze of large tubes.
"Okay."
“Who’s hands?”
“I’m sorry, sweetheart.”
“There's a lot of attention, but a majority of it good. Unlike what I usually have to deal with-"
"We were unable to determine much," said Edith.
“No,” said Steve. This wasn’t his home. It wouldn’t be right for him to invite Tony in. He folded his arms to stop himself from opening the window. Why was his omega so set on Tony?
“No.”
“I’ve survived worse,” he said. Winter had put himself together with duck tape before. And he had long since forgotten the number of bullets he’d pulled from his hide.
She rolled her eyes.
Her hand ghosted over her side.
The balance was broken when the callused fingers pushed into him. Steve arched from the bed Tony kept his hips down.
“Questioning a minor without her parents present, I can see why they don’t really like you.”
“Your winter wonderland is missing something.”
“Can Maria sit with us?” he asked.
"But-
“Yes.”
“I don’t feel safe here!”
“It’s the little things that others can do that get to me the most,” said Steve.
“Her style is unique.”
“Something is wrong.”
A lavender honey scent touched his senses. It was heavily tainted with distress, but she was there. Her heartbeat was strong.
“Thank you.”
Steve joined him in bed. He brought the omega into a kiss. Steve purred as they pulled away.
"He'll be fine," said Natasha.
“I appreciate the sentiment, but it’s pointless.”
Natasha took a breath, calming her excited nerves. The call traced to Antarctica. As much as she wanted to call Steve and Tony to tell she’d discovered their daughter, there was a procedure that had to be followed; first was contacting Agent Hill. Nat dialed SHIELD’s international number, and on the third ring, Hill picked up.
“Loki is going to keep this fight focused on us and that’s what we need. We got Stark up top. I’m going to need-
"I have some clothes you can wear," said Matt.
“Alright but until then it stays under the bed,” said Steve.
Tony froze. Steve dripped the word with lust. His omega crooked his head innocently to the side. He rolled sexily onto his back purring. It was an irresistible sight. How long would Steve be like this? Feral state could last the span of an omega's heat. He hoped Steve would come too soon. It was unlikely, though, given how long his heat was suppressed. Tony preferred a vocal partner. If he did come to, Steve would feel exposed. Tony slid on a pair of underwear, earning a growl.
“Grow a spine and ask boy!”
Tony hugged his mate from behind. He purred, nosing Steve’s neck. Steve relaxed against him.
The pair gave in to their deep need for each other.
Hours later, they pulled away from their project.
“How’d Stark take it?” asked Clint.
“I have to throw this away. Unless you want to switch.”
"It doesn't matter! He killed our only lead. Now we have to find a ghost!" Tony burst out. When other two just stared at him, wordless, Tony left to get some air.
“Does he have any parents?” asked Pepper.
“She’s really nice.”
Natasha dropped her bag on the floor, taking a speaker out and her phone. Then shed her clothes, revealing the leotard and tights she wore underneath. She took a pair of pink point shoes from her bags. Smiling softly as she tied the pink ribbons.
He would love to visit Bucky in Arlington, but he wasn't sure if he was ready. Bucky deserved such an honor. He was desperate to visit an empty marker. Buck's body was never found. His family was never able to say truly say goodbye. At least he had no family to leave behind.
“They really aren’t much to see,” he said.
“Stand down!”
“Are you okay?”
"I understand it’s an uncomfortable subject, but it’s very relevant to your current condition,” said Edith.
“What did she say?” asked Jeff.
Steve followed Tony to the lab. It had escaped the destruction. Mechanical arms sprung from the floor removing his armor. He caught Tony as he fell from the suit.
The sound was jolting. It set every protective instinct afire. He kneeled beside her.
"Piper can handle herself," said Maria.
“I don’t have that answer. If they did Steve they won't only be after the pup but you. To get the best effect they will catch while pregnant introduce the fetus to substances which they believe will strengthen it. I don’t say this to scare, but to warn you of the threat,” said Bruce.
“He was a trainee at S.H.I.E.L.D. while you were at the training facility. Smith flunked out and used what he learned to become a small-time mercenary. We find him, we may find his boss. That is if they don't kill him first,” she said.
"Yes."
Steve didn't stop the destruction. It was easier to focus on Tony's mental break than what Piper had said. The scent of blood pulled him out of his selfishness. He grabbed Tony, holding him closely to his chest. The alpha struggled against him, snarling loudly at him.
“I’ve already notified him.”
Piper smirked, seeing the shift. It was slight, but it was there. For a brief moment, Bloom was afraid. That was a mistake Lena never made. This beta was nothing compared to one she'd faced for six months. She'd only have push a bit further to make sure she didn't return.
“Grow a spine, Jarvis. I have a date,” he said.
“Steve?” Blue eyes looked up from his sketchbook. “She asked about your dark time.”
“Do I have to carry you out, or will you come willingly?” he asked.
“No!” She sniffled. “I’d never want to hurt him.”
She gathered herself before going back to her family.
“There’s no quick fix. If there was one, I would have found it. But there are things that can help."
“Yeah, I going to hit the shower,” said Steve.
"I have and will do so again," said Natasha.
He got a glass of water and swallowed the pills.
They left the closet. Natasha waited by the elevator for him.
She glanced down at Steve's stomach. There wasn't even a scar. It was as if nothing happened. "It was still stupid."
Rune nodded, but Piper remained stiff. “A bad past doesn’t make you good.”
“And his son?” asked Steve.
Steve moved a hand to his stomach. He knew his baby was alive, but Extremis was taking a toll on her. Steve was used to her frequently kicking. She kicked weakly against his hand. A broken rib from her would be a welcomed relief. He purred hoping to calm from the immense stress being placed on them. The only comfort he came through his mate bond. He felt Tony's presence even though he was absent. His mate would find him.
That's why he sounded so worried. "No Steve. What Stark feels for you is completely his own."
“What’s a DJ?” asked Steve.
“It was only two wires. May I have your scraps?”
“It’s fine. Nothing I’m not used to,” said Steve.
“And miss a chance to tell Fury I told you so no,” he said.
"Nat! Tell me now!"
Human interaction was the last thing he wanted to deal with right now, but Piper’s checkup was more important than his preference.
“Only fashionably so,” said Tony.
“Yes, I can.”
“I wouldn't."
Bruce noticed Piper sitting on the step. “Hi, Piper.”
“Want to dance, handsome?” he asked.
Steve sat up. There was drool spot on Tony’s shirt.
“Well, a zombie is half dead and half alive," said Piper. It seemed like a reasonable answer to an impossible question.
“Papa! Daddy!”
He sent a friendly wave in her direction. She’d taken off her heavier layer coat, now her large chest could be seen.
“Happy, but the moment is bittersweet,” he said.
“It must have been nice having a friend like Bucky."
“I had to try.”
“The two of you are to spar. You’ll begin once we’ve left the room. And stop when commanded. Understood?” said Lena. Both children nodded.
“I’m going to go check on Piper.”
“No, Nat is coming to visit,” said Steve.
“Yeah, I noticed,” said Tony, pushing against the rotor blade. It slowly moved forward.
The archer nodded. They loaded into their aircraft and head home.
“He’s a super genius like me. Who wants to help you and Piper,” said Tony.
"I will."
The alpha could do that. He trusted that Tony wouldn’t do anything harmful with the information.
“You were talking about Schrodinger’s cat.” She couldn’t say she understood the concept. All she got from it was that she felt bad for the kitty.
“So you’ll be returning to Asgard after this?” asked Steve.
“Why hasn’t she come?” Lena’s lack of appearance made her nervous. She wanted to know the location of a threat.
"Closure."
“It won’t be.”
“Let me help,” he whispered, licking the shell of his ear.
“No, he might do something stupid that could get him killed. I’ll give you my number in case you need me,” said Rhodes. Steve handed him his phone.
“I would say handsome, but you bordered on cute this morning cuddling closely to me,” he said.
“How much does it weigh?” asked Steve.
“Who?” pushed Winter.
“Is he still working?"
“I trust you just as much as you trust me.”
“Where to start? He’s arrogant, egocentric, selfish, and a massive pain in the ass. But he’s improving,” said Natasha.
“Seeing still working on believing. Where’s Banner? Has he shown up yet?” said Tony as flew next to the giant beast.
“Love you.”
Steve went to the tent he shared with Natasha. She was waiting there.
"Even if nobody comes, I'll get us out. I don't know-how, yet, but I will get us out of here. It doesn't matter how long it takes."
“I know.”
“Help," he whimpered.
“I’ll have something to report you tomorrow maybe the day after that at the latest.” Bruce toasted a bagel before returning the lab. It had been quiet nice living with the Stark family.
“They don’t want to push you into something you’re not ready for or some bullshit excuse like that.”
“Why did you lie to me?”
“Steve.”
“It can wait. I don’t want to interrupt,” said Steve.
Tony smirked, seeing a way to hit two birds with one stone. "What if Papa meets with Dr. Barny today?”
“Sparring knife. Can’t hurt anyone.” He pressed the blade against his palm.
“What’s the point of even getting out of bed? We can’t train.”
She yawned but granted him decent level attention.
Tony’s skin was feverish and clammy.
Steve whimpered, his hand going over his stomach. The sudden change was shock through their bond.
Beta read by AbsolutShenanigans
Tony went to the elevator.
"I thought conversations behind closed doors were over," said Rune.
“I was angry,” said Tony.
"How do we get her stable? We can't have her passing out."
“Violence isn’t the answer to that situation. Alphas like her thrive on the reaction. I shouldn’t have given it to her,” said Steve.
"I don't think so," said Steve.
He turned to see a nurse behind him. Steve sighed. He couldn’t stay here.
“Nice call what else you got?” asked Tony.
“I thought it better be cautious,” said Edith.
“I know you can’t say much, but please can you talk me.”
“Why?”
“We have an appointment,” said Lena.
“Are you sure you want me to do this? I’ve never done anything like this before,” said Steve.
“For once I would love to go to a country without being injured or shot at,” said Steve. He leaned against the railing, taking in the landscape. Purring as Tony ran his fingers through his hair.
What the hell was she? He was aware of her strength. It was strange, but not nearly enough to gain their attention. But what he saw was something entirely different from that. The person he saw today didn't resemble the pup he'd come to know. Had they done it to her? It couldn't be natural. Why had he survived the massacre?
Even going with the pup wouldn’t guarantee her safety. Not when Lena could order him to just stand aside and watch the pup endure some kind of torture.
“You didn’t have to do that,” said Steve.
Steve smiled. “Bathe, or I’ll leave."
He lifted her out of the tub and wrapped her up in a thick fluffy towel. Piper giggled as he dried her off. While he was draining the tub, he caught Piper staring at her reflection, twisting a short strand of hair between her fingers. When she saw him looking, she stopped.
“It’s fine,” said Matt waving it off.
Steve woke slowly. The top of his lacy outfit clung to his skin. He tugged it off, tossing it to the floor. Steve pulled the blankets over his head trying to block out the sunlight, streaming through the blinds. The chime of his phone forcing him to enter the realm of consciousness. He didn't bother with texting, calling the number instead.
"You need to tell me these things so I can perform a background check."
"Careful, Paninya, knowing too much is a dangerous thing."
“Uncomplicate it. Ladies, get out. Get out of bed and get in the bathroom.”
“Clint, you’re going to be alright."
“Bye Steve,” he said.
"Why not?" asked Pepper.
Piper huffed, slamming down the pencil.
“Helmut-
“I’ll wait in the car,” she said.
"I'm sure there are things more worthy of your attention, Happy. Such as setting up security for the wedding. You are our head of security," said Steve.
"I don't mind. I enjoyed it," said Tony.
“Why not go now? We know where she is,” said Steve.
Steve wanted to tell the alpha to leave, that he didn't need him close. But he was too tired to defy his instincts anymore. He had to save his fight for when he was further along; when his heat really sunk its claws into him. Why should he have an opportunity to feel good when his pup could be suffering?
The door of his enclosure opened. He was disappointed to see Sir instead of the pup. He fell back into the blank space of his mind to escape the lecture.
“Love you too,” said Steve.
“Why?”
“Sorry, Steve, I’m used to science talk. 'Will' is not a word used frequently. When an alpha bites an omega's scent gland during heat, it triggers a chemical reaction, which bonds the couple. Even with your healing factor, I don’t believe it will change this effect, but there’s a chance I could be wrong,” said Edith.
"I didn't give you it, Steve. We made it together." Tony smirked at how sappy he sounded but it was true. He kissed Steve slowly, fully savoring his mate.
“Hey, Nat,” Steve sighed, not hiding his pain successfully.
“I love you.”
"I grant you permission."
“Yay! When will she be here?”
“Who was that?” asked Helmut.
Steve stretched out.
Clint took the empty seat beside her.
Steve leaned over, kissing the alpha on the cheek. They were relieved when they got to the hotel. The hotel had gotten them a bottle of champagne. Their bags and clothes were already there. Among bag was Tony's Mark-6 suit. They’d only be staying here the day than leaving for their honeymoon tomorrow. Steve kicked off his shoes and unbuttoned his pants.
“Yes.”
He leaned against the rocky brittle. Steve took a small notepad from his utility belt. He started sketching out their surroundings. As night grew closer it grew cooler. Steve was grateful for the change. The next morning there was change inactivity. Natasha took up the binoculars again.
Fear and concern were eating away at his anger.
“Once we get our hands on the Tesseract, you’re in the wind,” said Fury.
“Deep breaths it will pass."
“Are you trying to get back at me for something?” asked Tony.
“Go back to sleep,” he said.
“Sir wants to know if you want him to come up.”
He nodded.
“Yep! Do you have to go NYU? Can’t you stay home a little while longer?”
*****
“A little help,” he said.
“The Avengers.”
Her vision darkened. She didn’t want to go back to sleep. Theodore, she had to get him.
“You’re making excuses. You need to make an attempt," said Barny.
“Today, I’ll be at your house in an hour.”
"Oh, Steve sorry I've been processing all the new data from the Incident. This isn't even my field of expertise!" she growled.
“Wait, do you want to keep the cord blood?”
“Someone has to walk you down the aisle,” he said.
“What’s wrong, sweetheart?”
He settled on the couch while Tony finished up cleaning. A large flat-screen TV emerged from the floor. Tony joined him on the sofa. They were only a few feet apart. Steve desperately wanted to shrink the gap between them and cuddled, but the alpha didn't seem the type.
“Steve.”
If it was in the U.S. the only thing matching that description was Pearl Harbor.
“Manners, what a nice change from what I’m used to,” said Jarvis.
“Well, have a good evening,” she said.
Steve rolled his eyes but smiled at the concern. “Alright."
“Piper,” said Tony. He was aware of what this state was. Bruce had hypothesized what it would like if she ever were to gain access to Extremis. He raised his hand, aiming his gauntlet at Winter.
“Hello, old friend. I’m so sorry this happened to you,” he whispered.
“Steve.”
“Tony, I didn’t know.” He went to his alpha place hand over the man’s heart.
“Lena? What time is it?”
“What is he doing?” asked Tony.
“Oh, when will he come back?”
“Thank you.” He quickly pulled up his pants and got his feet.
“Sir, Steve has made it out of surgery. They are bringing him up now.”
“I’m so sorry, Tony.”
“You’re the most important thing in my life, Steve. Me being here with everything else that’s going on proves that,” said Tony.
“What?”
"Little girl, you're causing us problems."
“Have you ever used this?” she asked.
“Yeah, with zip ties it’s a ball."
There was a slight whimper in his voice, meaning tears were close. Tony could handle angry, hungry, cuddly, and horny or a mix of those with Steve. Crying was too much. Seeing more of horny Steve would be nice. He pulled off his helmet.
“No, there was a cellist I think,” said Tony.
He pulled the IV from his arm. Steve struggled to his feet, fumbling toward her. Someone scruffed him from behind. Steve growled but refused to kneel. The pressure on the back of his neck grew, but he stood firm. This wasn't his alpha. His legs were knocked out from underneath him, sending him to his knees.
A movie was the perfect opportunity to get close to Steve and scent him. He had to make sure no alpha or beta had gone near his omega. Tony didn’t fight the instinct to call Steve his. The guilt was off his shoulders.
She pulled up the footage from the hall, turning the monitor so Piper could see.
"How'd we do?" asked Steve.
“Only one more day. I’ll keep you filled in,” he promised.
“We’ve got this go,” said Natasha.
“I’m surprised. Does the great Tony Stark has time to spare for someone of such little use as me?!” he said.
“This is Dr. Kildare we spoke before when Mr. Hogan was admitted.”
“That won’t due. Real ones are best. They were selling trees less than a block away,” said Steve.
“Your mother told you that?” she said.
"Alright, that can be done. Makeup will take care of you. I look forward to speaking with both of you soon," said Oprah before walking off to speak to the set manager.
“What was that for?”
Tony didn't follow. Getting home was the only thing on his mind after leaving the hospital. He wanted to tell Steve that but doubted the omega would listen. That reporter got under his skin and made him snap.
“Yes.” He paused before signing off. “That girl is the future of Hydra. Don’t disappoint me, Zemo.”
“Steve.”
Piper whimpered when they moved away. He went to the fridge taking out a bottle. She whined.
“I bare no mark.”
"I thought it would be obvious. There's only one thing that would take those two out of New York."
The deep ache in his heart made him wish for the numbness of the ice. Steve wished he could be frozen until this was over; until they had their daughter again. He hated the unknown.
He hoped it would remain in this state of calm. The other guy wasn’t a fan of guns or any kind of weaponized group. It didn't matter the side.
"Terror and panic."
“She’s a freakish tool just like the other one.”
“Getting the board ready.”
Bruce followed Tony into the library, pulling a book from the shelf, causing it to slide away, revealing a hidden entrance; inside was a fully updated lab.
Steve unlocked his apartment and carried the boxes in, kicking the door shut behind him. He toed off his boots and stretched. Shower. He turned on the hot water. Steve shed his clothes a got in. The rain of hot water relaxed his muscles. He pulled on a pair of sweatpants. Steve loved comfy clothes. It was half his wardrobe. He went to the box underneath his bed. From it, he took the red pillowcase. The fabric still held Tony’s scent, but it was fading. Steve rubbed it against his cheek before setting it down on the bed. Soon enough, his nose wouldn't be able to pick up on it. From his bag, he took the train tickets from Romania, placing it in the shoebox. Tensing when his fingers brushed against the paper surface of Howard’s letter. He didn’t want to see it. Steve picked it up. What should he do with it? Keeping it was wrong, even more so now that Howard's son was gaining his attention. Yet he couldn't get rid of it. He folded the letter into the pillowcase and put the shoebox under his bed.
“We can only hope,” said Steve.
Tony ran his fingers through his hair. He hated this. If he was there he could have stopped Steve from leaving the shelter of their den.
“Suppressants they'll lessen your symptoms,” she said.
“No wait!” said Tony.
“Please come in, Dr. Wong,” he said.
“I’ll tell you what Edith told me. If we don’t it will affect us negatively mentally. We shouldn’t make it more difficult than it already is. We are barely keeping it together as is.”
"I love you."
“Is it impossible to believe I’m making an investment in a talented artist because of skill?” he said.
“It will be interesting. The choice is the captain’s,” said Fury.
“Yes, and we thought we disposed of all then we discovered this stock hold in Ten Rings' possession. Rumlow and his team were sent to handle it,” she said.
“Papa, your heart is beating fast. Are you okay?”
"No, and that's because of you," said Daddy.
Steve walked away heading in the direction of the gym. It would allow him to work out his frustration. He hung a punching bag and took his aggression on it. It took ten punching bags for his frustration to fade.
Steve sat up taking the sketchpad. Slowly an image took form under Steve’s deft hand. The task seemed to free him from whatever dark thoughts he was lingering in. An hour later he had a perfect rendering of Winter’s arm.
Lena smiled. She'd slipped up this time. The last thing she wanted to do was fight with him. They spent an entire day together again, each enjoying the family time they'd so been lacking. That night when they went to bed, Helmut wrapped his arm around her waist and finally asked, “how long will you stay?”
“Steve.”
“Because there may be things he won’t be willing to tell me, fearing I may reveal it to Piper. This will be a slow process. I don’t want you under any illusions.”
Piper tucked closer to Tony. He didn't need to know about how much she enjoyed making those weapons. It was one of the few times she was able to use her creativity fully.
“This trip better be quick, Pepper. I have someone I need to get back to,” said Tony.
“Yeah, is that okay?” he asked.
They returned to Wu’s office. Steve's expression was tight; his foot tapped nervously against the floor. Most would read it as calm, but Tony knew better.
“That’s a good girl.”
“We’re home.”
said Steve.
“Sir requested your presence,” said Jarvis.
“That’s a relief,” said Pepper.
She had about a million questions, but the likelihood of getting an actual answer was slim to none.
“It's just like you said.”
“You suffered a panic attack brought upon by Captain Rogers’ episode,” said Jarvis.
Tony wasn’t going to let anyone ruin this moment.
“Do you think he’ll like it?”
“I love you, Steve.”
"She's missed you."
“Daddy.”
“Come to the garage I’ve picked out some bikes you may like,” said Phil.
"It would have to be for a special occasion," said Steve.
“These things have to be planned,” she said.
“It’s difficult for him to share even with me. I can’t imagine him talking to anyone else.”
"Every three months I have someone check in on the place tend the grounds and clean. I can't force myself to sell it," said Tony.
“Some of the best places to hide are in plain sight,” she said.
“What I picked out for you two wear,” she said.
"I don't need you to protect me. Tell me what happened."
“Sure, you aren’t,” agreed Tony.
"Do you want some?" he asked, taking out a spoon.
“There’s not much to consider. You’re either going or not.”
She looked to Winter, who was hurting so much worse than her. She had to keep going. Keep going for him. She struggled to her feet.
“Nothing is wrong but I’m pretty sure I’ve entered the early stages of labor.”
"What are your strengths?" he asked.
“I’m sorry, Piper. I shouldn’t have lied to you, but I didn’t want you hurt you,” said Tony.
"There's more," she said.
“I hope they find what they’re looking for,” said Pierce.
"Unlike your man, she knows her boundaries."
“Thank you, Tony.”
“It’s been a long time, Steve."
Steve came out of the bedroom. "Talk to me about what?"
“Tony.”
“I have the results from your fertility test,” she said.
“It was,” said Steve. Why couldn’t this wait one more night? He should be wearing that beautiful ring. He and Tony should be discussing the start of their family. It should have been a wonderful night.
He collapsed onto the couch, letting the full extent of his exhaustion wash over him. That was the only thing that brought him back to his childhood. He’d scruffed Piper. It didn’t hurt pups but served as a gentle reminder of their place if they stepped too much out of line. But it could easily be abused. He fucking hated it when Howard did it to him, but he was alpha submission at any age went against their instincts. Piper may be an omega, but he was sure she didn’t enjoy it. What else could he do? He stared at the family portrait hanging on the wall. Chuckling at the idea of Howard would react to his life. He sighed.
“Are you going to tell them?” Clint asked.
“She did that,” Tony said, looking up for conformation
“What?”
He slid off her lap. Lena tried to dab dry the snot and tear stain spot he’d left on her shirt.
“What to do you need?” asked Tony.
“I was taken from my parents.” She hugged the stuffed toy her chest. “I miss them,” she sniffled.
“I’ll find you something. It will give me break for my current stress,” he said.
“I’m from Brooklyn just been out of the city for a while,” said Steve.
"I don't know. I wouldn't be here if I did."
“No, sweetheart, many couples met through the omega alpha heat program. S.H.I.E.L.D probably wants us to say that to prevent conspiracy theories,” said Tony.
He opened the panel below the cage, showing the great drop underneath.
"Shower," said Tony.
“I love you, Steve Rogers,” he whispered.
“How did you come back?” he asked.
It wasn’t alright!
“Hi. Your idiots forgot breakfast,” Piper complained, seeing Lena carried no food tray.
“Only tests to see if everything is going smoothly. Nothing that will bring harm to you or the baby,” she said.
"I'm going to scruff you," said Tony.
Steve tensed. He hadn’t thought about terminating his pregnancy. With his first pregnancy, it was the only desired option, despite the risks. He'd heard the horror stories of what omega and beta women did to eliminate an undesired pregnancy even it meant putting their lives at risk. Then he was willing to take the risk. The idea of doing it now was sickening. He didn't believe he was worthy of having a child yet here he was pregnant. All he could do was try to best follow the example his mother set while raising him.
Tony nodded. He wasn’t a fool alphas like Tony would have been with many omegas and betas. Steve was partly grateful for it, allowed the alpha to perfect his skill.
He’d waited for an alpha to attack.
Tony and Steve hadn’t let anyone question their daughter. She doubted the fact she was one asking changed that.
“Anything else I missed out on?” he asked.
“Papa?”
“Yes, feel free to do it again. I couldn’t think of a better sacrifice of my clothes,” said Tony.
“You may.”
“Kneel.”
“Steve, I want you to go. I’d love for us to get answers. If it's me or you getting, I don’t care. But I’d give that up if it means you keeping it together. You think I’m strong, but I’m barely hanging on. If you break, I’m not sure if I’d be able to handle it.”
He mustn’t close his eyes. He reached out for her. She was just out of reach. The last thing he saw was Piper being taken away.
“So, you have nothing,” said Tony.
Piper glared at her. She hated when Lena did that, phrased something like a question when it really wasn’t one. Piper took Lena’s hand. The woman was rather insistent on her holding her hand. Winter let her wander, but Lena forced her to stay close. This only made Piper want to get away from her more. With Winter, she had choices. Something very rare here.
“Why?” asked Piper.
"Why do I need to learn that?"
"I know I'm a stranger to you, Steve, but if you ever need something feel free to call," said Rhodes.
“Does he care about me? Can I trust this?” asked Steve.
Steve jumped to his feet as explosions went off behind him. Chitarui came at him. He disarmed and killed them. After that, the police listened. Steve rejoined his team, taking an enemy troop in the process. Thor landed moments later.
“You couldn’t have known,” said Steve.
"Sure, what you are making?"
Tony moaned at shear tightness surrounding him. The omega's sweet whines echoed in his ears begging him to move. He moved the omega’s leg to his shoulders. Tony thrust full force into the omega, making sure Steve felt him. His rhythm was brutal; each motion was rewarded by a pleasured moan. Tony’s knot was catching on the omega’s rim.
Steve waited outside when while Tony went to radiation. Tony came out.
Steve knew he was perfectly capable of protecting himself, but his omega needed that comfort. “I love you,” he said.
Tony looked at the pup on his chest. It seemed almost impossible that she was capable of destruction, but they’d witnessed her kill at only three years old. And she had crafted a bomb that killed several scientists.
“Shower,” he said.
As the alpha walked to shower he couldn’t stop his gaze from lowering. He loved the man’s powerful back. Steve went into the living room, gathering their ripped clothes. He tossed them into the trash. He still couldn't believe he did that. It was so unlike him. He took his sweater from the floor. The woolen fabric smelled of him and Tony. He pulled it over it his head. Steve settled by the fireplace. Tony finished his shower thirty minutes later. He looked at the bite mark on the alpha's shoulder. Wishing he marked Tony's neck instead.
"I told you, Killian we can use him."
“Piper!”
“Another Asgardian?” said Natasha.
“What are you those?” asked Tony.
The omega nodded.
He had no idea on many fronts when it came to the idea daughter. With male omega, alpha, or beta at least he had a gender in common.
"I think my pup will be a bit advanced for Dora the Explorer," said Tony.
The anger tension melted.
“STEVE!”
“Sure,” said Natasha.
“Yes, and he never let me forget that. He smelled horrible. His cigars stunk up the entire hall,” said Steve.
"It wasn't any trouble."
“I prefer borrowed. I was going to give them right back.”
She couldn't school her expression in time to hide her shock.
Winter did not recognize the pup. She was hunched over, her fingers curled into claws; her snarls the only sound echoing through a stunned silence. Glass crunched harmlessly underneath her feet as she strode closer to him. She timidly touched his swollen face, whimpering softly.
It was odd there was no claim mark on her neck or ring on her finger.
“Stark-Rogers doesn’t roll off the tongue. It will have your name,” said Steve.
A powerful mixture of distress and happy omega hit Tony. He sat next to Steve. The omega instantly nuzzled against him purring cheerfully against his neck. Tony relaxed at the pleasant display of affection.
“Tell them I’ll be out in a few minutes.”
"Whatever stage of growth its in it's ours," said Steve, putting Tony's hand over his stomach.
“You smell so good.”
Tony nodded.
“Morning sickness, it will pass,” said Tony.
“Rune,” he answered.
She answered on the first ring.
“Why?” asked Piper.
"If you want me to stop, just tell me, Piper," said Edith.
“Sounds fun.”
"Who knows she could do it. You may have inspired a future winner of a Nobel prize in medicine."
She took Daddy’s hand, following him to the playroom. She and Rune hadn’t used it much, so this was her first real look at it. A corner of the large basement was dedicated to empty platform tables, just waiting for a Lego world to be built on them. There was even a tunnel entrance that lead back to the playground.
“Dead.”
"I can't say I trust her, but I'll tolerate her presence for your sake. That's the best I can do. If she does anything to hurt you or our pup I'll-
He dodged the Twinkie launched at his head. “Missed me now you’ve got to kiss me.”
“I have.”
“There,” she said. In the distance was a narrow cave entrance. There signs of activities outside. They settled on the ledge. Nat took a pair of specialized binoculars from her bag. “I can see ten heat sources."
“What is this?” asked Steve.
The smile faded from his expression, but he refused to reveal the full burden of what he was feeling in the presence of a stranger.
“I don’t want to paint that.”
“Steve."
“I believe this is a case of postpartum depression that has been aggravated by PTSD and survivor's guilt. The issues are entangled, fueling each other. You aren't the worse case I've seen. Relatively speaking, your postpartum depression minor. I believe your episode was so strong because it repressed."
“We’ll be able to get a 3-D image of your baby.”
“Five in the morning,” said Jarvis.
"Fear is an inconvenience you cannot afford."
“Do you remember what I told you?”
“Who is just as stressed, tired, and scared as you. Both of you need a break from all this," said Rhodes.
“It’s all I could find,” she said.
Steve nodded. The drive was quiet, he was grateful for. His head was aching. He only experienced such things when he was approaching his heat. Motrin or other preheat medicines didn't work on him. He climbed up the steps to the jet. Steve braced himself against the entrance.
"Well, I wanted to repay you the self-same gift you so graciously imparted to me, desperation."
“We’re here,” said Clint.
Steve nodded, getting out his nesting couch. He followed the alpha to the lab. The three scientists were speaking rapidly in what seemed to be in a different langue.
“So what will it be, Piper?”
Steve had never seen so many zeros on a check before. He donated most of it spreading over worthy charities, leaving only a million for himself on Natasha’s instance. His pay from S.H.I.E.L.D. and those saving were enough. Steve shook his head. He didn't want to focus on this subject.
“Why?”
“Steve, I’m home."
"Fine." He grudgingly took the pup from his make, bringing her to his chest. Trying his best to ignore the comforting sensation. After five minutes he moved her away. The confusion was written in her expression. He handed her off to Tony. “That should hold her for now."
“It was an emergency situation,” said Blackwell.
He sat in the rocking chair. Piper was placed in his arms. She was loosely wrapped in Steve's shirt. Piper pressed against him, seeking the warmth and comfort of his skin. He purred. She made a cooing sound. Piper yawned, closing her eyes. He rocked gently back and forth. Holding her, he realized how right Yinsen was. Before Steve and Piper, he had nothing. Now that he had them he would anything to protect them.
He jumped from her lap, running over to his grandfather.
“Yes, Rune.”
“Fifteen minutes to an hour to make an electromagnetic glove. Twenty-four to forty-eight hours for the paint to dry,” said Tony.
"We all know what you would have done if I had," she replied, calmly.
“How do you know?” asked Rune.
A mute purr was all he got from Steve, but it was more than enough.
Rune’s heart dropped. Sir left without a further word. Rune was shaky. He whimpered realizing he was standing in a puddle of his own urine.
, he should have gotten the fully rebuilt one. Steve trapped him in a bear hug.
She tried to keep in mind Rune’s warning. There had to be a reason for Rune’s fear. Physical beatings wouldn’t be enough to break him. But she’d yet to find the threat that made Rune so terrified on the man. Rune wouldn’t lie her, but now and then she found her guard dropping around Sir.
“The soldier. The man out of time,” said Loki getting to his feet.
“My heat started early!” he snarled.
At Last - is Etta James signature song.
“He did spend a great deal of time reviewing it. To be fair, it was nearly 500 pages long in small print,” said Jarvis.
“Do you think you’ll be getting back to sleep?” asked Tony.
"Can I join you?" asked Tony.
Steve raised his shield, in time to block Thor’s hammer. There was gong. The reflected energy force Thor backward. The sound echoed through their surroundings. They cautiously got to their feet.
The alpha scowled at her. She smiled.
“Special. Gifted.”
“I miss you so much.”
“Will it explode if you don’t?”
"Uh, it's not charging."
“Can I?”
“I’m sure he’ll have other plans,” said Steve.
“What the hell happened here?” asked Kevin.
“The Avengers do accept him!”
The first week of a newborn's life was spent solely with its direct family so the pup would grow accustomed to the pack's scent.
Sorry, this chapter was a day late. Friday was just one of the days and I wasn't able to publish.
“I will put an end to them for they’ve done for all they’ve taken,” said Steve.
Steve’s heart raced with a building fear.
“You can take the master bedroom. I’ll be in my lab,” he said.
“No."
At three in the afternoon in Tokyo Tony’s phone alerted. Steve’s heart rate and temp spiked. The omega entered his first early stages of heat. There were two hours until the dinner meeting. It was unlikely Steve would be able to sleep through it. He locked hotel door and shut the blinds. No one else would see what he was about to. He pulled up the footage from the bedroom and he wasn’t disappointed. Steve sprawled out bare in their bed. His pale skin was damp with sweat. He shouldn’t be watching but he couldn’t pull his eyes away. Steve was panting. His body defying Jarvis's predictions. Slick wet his legs.
Rumlow was caught off guard by the outburst. The monitor on the cell showed a spike in his heart rate. Winter’s constant irritating calm was broken for a moment.
The toughest alpha would be terrified by such a prospect.
“Going to gun range really isn’t our thing. I was aiming for the bulb. You can’t hit a bulb at this distance,”
"I'll be to visit soon, little one," she said before leaving.
“BUCKY HANG ON!!”
"Honestly, I don't know where to start. Almost every bone is broken. His major joints have been dislocated put back in place and shot through. And that's just the preliminaries." Ballentine began listing the other multitude of injuries. “I’d say, all in all, he died of severe blunt force trauma, but it was slow. This took hours.”
"We wouldn't be able to tell you more until you're further along and we can gather fetal DNA from your blood," said Bruce.
Theodore’s growls faded minutes later. What had they done to him?! She had to help him! Despite her willingness, her body refused to respond. She growled, struggling weakly against her bindings. The door slammed open. She was pulled out of the machine. A dark-eyed beta glared angrily down at her.
“I did nothing.”
“So beautiful my omega,” said Tony, kissing his inner thigh.
Steve’s arms were crossed.
"It's a shame your wife never gets to see you like this," she said. He cleaned up well.
“I’m fine.” He put her down.
Piper growled grabbing the spoon and throwing it across the room.
“No."
“Tony?”
He went to the closet where Tony was deciding between two near-identical jackets. There was always the chance, but now that idea was stated it worried him. If anyone were having Tony’s pups it was him.
He moved his arms away. Piper clung on, shaking violently against him. With how badly she was shivering, he didn’t know how it was possible for her to cling so tightly to him. Lena sighed.
“Thor, he’s so dreamy,” said Edith.
The match ended when Clint’s quiver emptied. The alpha was panting, while Steve stood unscathed.
She sighed.
Steve woke hours later.
“You keep me balanced. You’ll remind me that I am still a kid and to have fun,” said Piper.
“What are you doing here?”
"So it's official. Do you think it will lead to more?” she asked.
Tony chuckled.
"It would probably make him feel better if you forgive him," said Tony.
“Terrified,” he said.
“We have to leave,” said Steve.
“In your lab,” said Steve. He took the alpha’s hand.
“We can get the cube back no muss the fuss,” said Tony. The screen before him pulled up more information. “What is phase two?”
"It figures what I actually am biological DNA coder running a team of forty out of privately funded think tank, but sure can call me a botanist. So any ideas on what to do?” asked Maya.
"We aren't acting until we know exactly what we're facing. I don't want to wait either. But I will if it means ensuring our daughter's safety," said Steve.
Each of them readied for the rescue. Steve put on a winter uniform, then went into the kitchen. Natasha, Hill, and Clint were dressed similarly to him. Tony's armor was almost entirely black.
“Steve.” He lifted the omega's chin, forcing him to look up. “Our baby is safe. Both of you are healthy.”
“Beautiful,” she said.
Tony laughed softly in his ear. “I wondered where it was."
“Alpha?”
Edith respected what Tony was trying to do but it was against the couples’ best interest.
“Retroflexive panels?”
"He'll be listed in our database. After that, it's uncertain. What I am sure of is that S.H.I.E.L.D. is no place for a child."
Piper smiled. It was a nice break from the recent conversations they'd had. It was a pretty amazing shift over the generations. Simple beginnings lead to her.
“She’s safe for us.”
"I need to figure out where we are. We're likely in one of four places. Antarctica, Siberia, Greenland, or the South pole,” she said.
"No, this a fresh start," said Steve.
“Cards games are the only ones you allow me to play with Winter.”
*****
"Alright, so she's meeting up with this scientist, rich guy handsome type. I couldn't make his face at first. You know I'm good with faces."
“What’s on your mind?” asked Tony.
He was caught in her light blue gaze. There was such innocence to it.
Clint laughed. "You're not my type, Cap."
"I'm guessing they made assumptions due to your health issues at the time," said Edith.
“Wow, so specific,” said Natasha.
“I’m sorry, sir, but I can’t. My protocols are being overridden,” said Jarvis.
"The suit isn't part of 'we.' It's just like all your other gadgets."
"I did."
“Let’s go.”
When Tony got to the penthouse floor Steve was seemed to be in a trance. He was staring blankly into his coffee. Tony slowly ran his hand down Steve’s back.
“Are those?”
He hadn’t gotten a chance to say it before Tony left. When the alpha called he’d correct that. What to do now? His stomach growled. Breakfast. Steve went to the kitchen. He was struck by how empty it felt. Tony personality had a way of filling the large mansion.
Tony tossed his phone aside, turning his full attention on Steve. The stink of Steve’s distress and fear was heavy. His heart was racing painfully in his chest. He gasped for breath. Steve’s whimpering forced him to focus.
“It wasn’t your fault,” said Tony.
"Despite the mistakes, I've made and will undoubtedly make in the future in our relationship you'll never lose how I feel about you," he said. The soundness of his voice calmed Steve.
Tony nodded, flicking off the lights. He took his mate in his arms, running his fingers through his hair. Steve couldn’t take holding still. He sat up pulling Smith’s file from the bag near his bed. Opening it for the hundredth time today. Nothing in his file would explain why. What could possibly be enough to take their daughter?
"English, simple wording please," he said.
Steve helped Tony up. They ran down the hall. The others could handle themselves. He hoped. They had their orders. His job was to help Tony fix engine three before another was brought down and they fell from the sky.
“You aren’t."
“Tony?” called Rhodes.
“I’m sorry isn’t everything?” he said.
"Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes, good morning."
“And I’m Oliva. We wonder if you two would dance with us.”
“Okay.”
“Yep!”
“Neither have you, sweetie.”
“Steve Rogers, Captain America everyone knows you,” said Rory.
“I’d be honored,” said Thor, leading Isabella onto the dance floor.
“I don’t know why you find them so interesting. What’s magnificent about flightless ice birds?”
Only a few months with Tony and he'd given him sway over him. He’d hadn’t felt this weak since before the serum. Steve was so tired. Emotional exhaustion turned to physical. He slowly sat up. Bright lights from an electronic billboard stung at his tire tear-reddened eyes. It was too bright. He closed his eyes.
He went to the master bedroom, but it was empty. If Tony wasn’t here, he must be in the lab. Steve found the alpha asleep at his desk and easily lifted him. Sleeping on the lumpy couch couldn’t be good for Tony’s back, so, instead, Steve pushed open the lab door and carried Tony into their bedroom. Steve laid the alpha on the bed, taking off his shoes. He tucked Tony in. Instinct told him to join Tony, but he left the sleeping man. A quick lap around Central Park, then back home to make breakfast, would do more to calm his nerves. Before leaving, he kissed Tony, running his fingers through Tony’s hair.
“Fine.” He pushed the child's nose into his neck, knowing his scent had to be more appealing than the suffocating stench of her own distress. “Relax.” She had to, for both their sakes.
“Ready to go, Piper?”
"Obey or stay here," said the guard.
“I couldn’t help it,” said Maria.
"Had a look around. Your bedroom is a mess," said Steve.
He grabbed instant icepacks from a drawer and carefully wrapped them around her hands, keeping them in place with athletic tape.
“Has she stopped?” asked Steve.
He’d broken into the cabinet so many times in his teens. Howard couldn’t create a lock that he couldn’t figure out in a few days at most. He grabbed a bottle of whiskey, pouring a finger, allowing himself one glass. Tony put the bottle back before falling into the temptation of taking another drink. Getting blackout drunk wasn't an option. How would he explain that to Piper? The kid was already dealing with enough. He was so disappointed when he first found Howard like that. There a few times he had to clean up Howard after a drinking binge to save his mom from doing. He'd hate Howard so much those days. He refused to put Piper through that.
“What is like?”
"Just give it a try," said Edith.
Steve smiled. "I'll make a list."
“It’s correct Captain Rogers conceived on April 21st,” said Jarvis.
Barny was caught off guard, barely managing to hide his expression. Steve never started the conversation, with the exception of maybe a greeting. “What did she ask you?”
“The tower is secure."
Steve turned his back to the alpha, not wanting Tony to see how worried he was.
“I miss you, Happy.”
Tony smiled brightly. Steve’s head rested on his chest. Tony tugged down the blanket, hiding his omega. He trailed his fingers down Steve’s toned torso, stopping at his stomach. Tony imagined that taught muscled stomach soft and round with his pup.
“One of the few,” said Bruce. He took her out of her onesie and laid her on her back. "Has she shown any superhuman abilities?"
“You were doodling. That is far from paying attention,” said Lena.
Steve grabbed his alpha's arm. "Tony, we can't rush into this. Not when there is so much at stake."
“Yeah." He swung his bag over his shoulder.
*****
“We’ll take whatever time we can get with you,” he said, bringing her closer.
“Saw that coming,” said Daddy.
Steve nodded. Tony grabbed his hand, hurrying them into the bedroom. He pushed Steve gently into bed. The omega smiled below him. Tony quickly shed his remaining clothing. It would be Steve's first time having sex outside of heat. The alpha loved the idea. He’d make sure to make it a night Steve remembered.
“Then what was the point this. You made me betray my friend’s trust!” she yelled.
“What stitch should I use?”
Calling out was useless but he needed voice his want. Steve took hold of his arousal, rocking into his fist. Every stroke caused a pleasured friction but didn’t lessen the urge. With his free hand, he reached the slick soaked slit. He bit back moan as he played with the wet sensitized rim. Steve continued to work himself. His eyes closed as he tried picturing Tony stroking him to completion. Steve shivered as press two fingers in. He spread his leg, bringing the digits deeper, riding them. His imagination faltered. He nuzzled pillows hoping his alpha’s scent would help him reach release. Steve scissors himself open with his hand. A heat-driven fog set upon him. His fingers did nothing to fulfill the empty want. He adds another finger but it did nothing to take off the edge. There was no tricking his mind into believing his alpha was here. That knowledge only made him more desperate. He knocked Tony’s present to the floor.
"It might get it out for your system."
“Tony?” Steve stepped closer. Tony stepped away.
“It feels like my skin on fire." Tony's touch cooled the burn. “I’ve only done this once."
“Sure.”
“Don’t,” said Tony.
“His contract,” said Fury.
“Who the hell are you?”
There was no recognition. He came closer. Steve snarled, tensing further, before launching at him. The omega came crashing down on top of him, pinning him. Their eyes locked. Tears dropped onto his face.
Piper kicked angrily against the pen, causing it to scoot. Steve put the water on to boil. Plop, he looked back to see one of Piper’s toys floating in the water. He fished the teething giraffe from the pot.
“It doesn’t smell like home.”
April 15, 2013
"I think it's time I properly introduce myself."
“Put on the nature channel, Jarvis."
“Don't know."
Their morning was slow. They had breakfast in their room. Steve poked at his pancakes with his fork.
She nodded. He carried her to the master bathroom. The bath was ready. He helped Piper out of his clothes and lowered her into the tub.
Gary jumped out the back of the van to complete his mission. The beta signaled that it was ready. Tony logged into Rhodey's account, pulling up anything to do with AIM. A video interview with Chad Davis played. Among others was the woman who attacked him at the bar. She was missing an arm when this interview had taken place. The camera panned over to Killian, telling of the warning of the dangers of the experiment.
Tony went to the bathroom to check on the bath. His heart was racing in his chest. It was finally time.
Tony got up from the examination table, adjusting his clothes.
Steve turned off the stove before turning and embracing his alpha again. “I love you,” he said.
“It’s only a part of me,” said Tony.
“I never thought people had been hurt. He lied to me,” said Trevor.
“Daddy why is that girl always on the newspaper?” asked Carl.
“Will you tell me?”
“Put on the suit let’s go a few rounds,” said Steve. He was fully ready to do so. Tony needed to be brought down a few pegs.
“This morning been going in out of it since then,” said Steve.
Rhodes could only stare. Tony had made all of these.
“So, you won’t let me help you?” she said quietly.
The penthouse was a mess and in need of a complete renovation.
“You’ll all bow before me!” growled Loki.
That would keep him busy several hours.
*****
"No, Steve. It's a common issue for veterans that manifest in a variety of ways," said Edith.
“Attack me as if I’m you’re enemy.”
“I’m not in. I’m actually out,” said Tony. There were soft clinks as mechanical arms removed his armor. Steve maintained his smile, even at the mention of Agent Coulson's name. A few more minutes, that’s all he wanted.
The only reason he could afford to be like this was that Tony had been strong. Stronger than him. That was unfair of him. Tony broke the closeness.
A wonderful honey vanilla filled his sense.
Happy took his leave. Some of the rigidity left his shoulders with Happy's absence. Tony unpacked the groceries and put them in the fridge. The alpha part of him was perfectly pleased with the idea of taking Steve as Pepper’s replacement. It was clear, which was better. This was a temporary arrangement. The week was bound to be unforgettable.
“In four hours,” said Jarvis.
"Sure, you do. That's your job. What your hypothesis as to why I dislike the other sciences?"
*****
“What if I could help Theodore? I’m sure you’ve noticed his collar.”
He gently pressed his hand against her back, pushing her toward the bed.
“Got some chemicals in my eyes in a freak accident,” said Matt.
They pulled up to a large metal gate. The pillars were overgrown with ivy. Tony got out of the car and opened the gates before pulling into the stone driveway. It was a giant stucco mansion. It was well maintained for not being lived in for over twenty years.
“I was young and thick-headed,” said Thor.
“You don’t understand.”
“I’ll be back in a few hours,” he said.
"What are you not telling me?"
“Not unless you misbehave,” she said.
“Where?” asked Tony.
“I’ve got you.”
“With this ring I, Anthony Edward Stark, take you, Steven Grant Rogers, for my lawful husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, until death do us part. I will love and honor you all the days of my life.” He slid the ring on Steve’s hand.
Piper pushed against his chest, trying to get out of his hold, crying angrily when Tony wouldn’t let go. Tony put her down.
Steve whined. He tugged at Tony’s clothes.
Tony glared at Steve. How could he be so calm about this? Phil was one of his friends. What does it matter it didn’t change anything.
"Learn anything new?" asked Tony.
“Finally, off diaper duty.”
He rolled his eyes.
After quiet breakfast, they went to the garage. A large wooden crate was waiting for them.
Natasha stood in the elevator of Stark Tower. What was she about to walk in on? The last thing she wanted to see was Steve bent over the counter with Tony behind him.
A rare smile appeared.
Tony jumped out the back after them. Alphas and their egos! Tony was supposed to be smart. This needed be thought through! Steve yanked a parachute from the shelf. Now he had to go after them.
“That’s all?”
“Tony,” repeated Steve his voice only a whisper.
“See you soon,” said Nat.
Happy waited for the elevator. Tony liked his current position far too much for his comfort. It was only a matter of time before he acted on it.
“Nice timing.”
Clint shook his head. “Not much for tourist traps. I’ll keep an eye on things here," he said.
"I doubt that."
Steve hissed as accidentally his finger.
"I apologize. Ms. Potts calls are wired through."
“ANTHONY EDWARD STARK!”
He peeled himself off the couch. Steve pointed Dum-E and U to the mess on the sofa hoping they'd et the message.
They caught the last one just in time. Tony dropped them into the water. He looked back. All of them surfaced. They cheered.
Ever so often their lips would meet. Steve was close. There was a boiling coil of pressure building his stomach.
“I’m not in the mood," he said pulling away.
"Take a deep breath through your nose."
"Thanks."
Steve, Clint, and Natasha made it to the airstrip, where a plane waited for them. They loaded onto a small aircraft. Even with high-speed aircraft, it would be a long flight. He turned his shield in his hand. Steve tested the new camouflage setting Tony added, before setting it to its original pattern. Conversation with them made it pass by faster. After several hours they hit turbulence as they grew closer to the mountain range.
Steve nodded. He wiped his mouth.
“IT’S NOT FUNNY!” He charged at her. She easily sidestepped him.
"Need anything?" he asked.
Steve nodded.
“You want to hold my hand and I want you to/”
"No, I just have to answer this," she said. Lena hurried to her office.
“No.”
“Even now,” said Steve.
Clint laughed.
"Nothing difficult, all you have to do is stand in the corner nearest me, while I remove it. Can you do that?"
Steve went to change.
"Are they okay!"
June 4, 2016
"I just wanted to check up on you. I heard you threw Rumlow through a wall."
"Relieved, before now Tony and I had to hide. We couldn't risk being out in public. S.H.I.E.L.D. I can't say I'm looking forward to the attention that will come my way, but I wouldn't change anything," said Steve.
“What kind of car is this?”
“I didn’t mean to growl. My hormones are still haywire,” said Steve.
“Piper Sarah Margret Stark.”
“Good.”
“Yes, are you saying I’m lying?!” growled Piper.
“Yeah, that has to be it,” said Steve.
“It's not just that. I’m worried for her. There’s a high chance of her being an omega. Female omegas are the lowest on the societal food chain. How will the world respond to her having such strength and intelligence? And she has the burden of having me as a father,” said Tony.
Steve nodded his agreement. He was going through with this.
“She’s alive,” said Natasha. She pulled up the footage of a fireman carrying Piper out the building and disappearing behind a fire truck.
“Therapy in my time was only for crazies. I don’t mean to insult your profession,” said Steve.
“How long will that be?”
“He’s awake, Mr. Stark."
“Isn’t it a little early for teasing,” said Steve.
"Yes, and I was hurt. I woke in agony with a car battery connected to my chest. And I had no sense of where I was."
"Say something!" she shouted.
“How so?” he asked. The alpha tone was seeping into Tony’s voice.
“You’re welcome.”
“How long have you been here?”
Honestly, that sounded more than perfect, but the weekend was cutting a little to close to his heat. Even without his upcoming heat, he couldn’t risk it. There was a chance he could be recognized. He was well known in Italy, France, Germany, and England. He was even given an honorary knighthood by the queen. Steve wanted to be out in public with the man he loved. But they couldn’t do something as simple as go for a walk through Central Park.
"Tell him to come up."
She was tired of crying! They took away Winter. Her only friend!
"He'll be fine," said Natasha.
Steve returned to his nest.
“Steve."
“What? Oh, the video of you brutally killing those men,” said Lena.
"She may only be three, but she has a right to privacy. Unless there's a danger. And I'm sure Jarvis will alert us if that happens," Steve said finally.
“Last minute gift for your daughter?”
“Better than expected,” said Steve.
“It’s alright, sweetheart. We’re okay,” he said.
"People are suckers for a love story, especially between a couple that seems so opposite. You have that going for you. We have to get ahead of it control the narrative," said Pepper.
“I’m so sorry this happened to you, Piper,” said Steve.
“Thank you!” It was a Lego Ferrari F40. Daddy had bought her several of these. She would rip open the bags inside and dump the on floor then put them together without the instructions.
“Why now?”
“These are Dum-E and U. Can you say hi, Piper?”
*****
“Shut up.”
“On a mission.”
“Nuclear deterrent cause that always calms everything right down,” said Tony.
"You are too good, Steve." It was difficult to believe someone like that was her friend.
Natasha came exactly on time. She gave a quick nod to Tony before joining Steve on the couch. Her eyes locked on the precious little being in Steve’s arms.
"Fine." He carefully disentangled from Steve, pulling the blankets over him. His omega whined, noticing the separation, even in sleep.
“Yes, who is he?” he asked.
"Of course, Mr. Stark," said Edith.
“Sir, I hated to interrupt, but your order is here,” whispered Jarvis.
"You're not alone! Millions have gone through what you have. It's war. This was flying into a wormhole with a nuc strapped to my back. There isn't a support group for what I saw up there. I'm not dragging you in with me," said Tony.
"And he's super abled," said Fury.
“Honey and vanilla,” said Tony.
“Hello.” The woman’s voice was placid, uninflected, like the rest of her.
His back was pressed against Steve’s chest. The omega nuzzled closely to his neck. Most alphas would hate being trapped in this position, but Tony honestly didn’t mind. He was far from the traditional alpha. His eyes began to close.
"It's only natural," said Clint.
He grunted when Steve straddled his waist. Steve bared his teeth and snarled at him.
“I didn’t get a chance to nurse Piper before I left.”
"And you'd know? You don't have a pup scampering around," he said.
“No,” said Bruce.
*****
Lena took Winter’s bag. She felt something plush against her fingertips. It was a stuffed, white unicorn with a crown around its head.
“You need a basic understanding, but you’re right. You require a more difficult material. We’ll try eighth grade.”
The image of his hospitalized friend appeared at his feet. He followed Happy’s line of sight.
He pushed down gently on her shoulder, making her sit. Winter grabbed some ice packs and plastic wrap from the first aid kit. He wrapped the girl with ice packs. She winced as he did.
He set her down on the blanket near her favorite toy a pile of large Legos. Piper loved snapping together the pieces and building new shapes.
Tony ran to the garage climbing into the nearest car. Other alphas would be near his omega! He sped to S.H.I.E.L.D, making it there in half the time. He ran into the lobby before he could get anywhere near Steve, Coulson got stopped. His form went rigid.
Steve cleaned up the mess. Then took out the trash not wanting to leave any hints of what happened. The rest of his night was spent bent over the toilet.  At five in the morning, Steve slowly got up from the floor of the guest bathroom and went to the master bathroom. He brushed the taste of vomit out of his mouth, the stepped into the shower. Steve soaked under the hot water. When done bathing, he put on a pair of shorts. Steve looked at himself in the mirror, trying to picture what he would look like further along.
“No, needles,” said Piper. Rune nodded in agreement.
“What will your answer be today?”
“Captain Rogers, you doing that one right corrected a great deal of wrong faced by omegas,” she said.
“It will be here tomorrow,” said Lena, snagging the notebook.
“Don’t throw things.”
“He fell into the water,” said Steve.
"I have to go," said Tony. He needed another set of eyes.
“Nat, what are you doing?” he asked.
“No problem,” said Happy with a wave of his hand.
“You’re far less scary than you think.”
“We’re safe.”
Steve was pacing out his nervous energy. Tony, trying his best not hurl, with the increasing stench of distress engulfing their surroundings.
Her tears blurred her vision. The anger was overwhelming. Her mind went blank as rage took over. Piper screamed.
“Wedding gifts. They’ve been coming in all week. Don't know what we're going to do with all of it,” said Steve.
“Look at me!" she screamed. Piper stomped on the alpha's foot. She was so tired of being ignored.
He couldn’t wash Tony’s scent from his skin. Steve soaked a washcloth in the sink, cleaning the mess between his legs. He caught his reflection. A shimmering mesh collar silver locked on his neck. It was nothing like the thick leather ones. He was forced to the heat facility. Those left him with blisters and raster along his neck. If he hadn't seen it, he wouldn't have known it was there. He blushed when he remembered how desperate he was for Tony to mark him. It was safest if to keep it on. Purples splotches marked the unprotected skin of his neck. Several bite marks decorated his pales skin. He was proud to wear them. Even though Tony tried to mark him, Steve still had full trust in him.
“It doesn’t make sense.”
"At his mansion," said Tony. He hadn't been there since his parents died.
*****
“Don’t have a fancy gadget for that?” said Steve.
“Lab.”
Piper couldn't allow herself to fall into the same pattern of lifestyle they had before. They didn't want her. With the attention on them, they couldn't appear to give up on her. She’d use their help as little as possible. But she was grateful to them; they saved her. She would stay out of their way.
“That would be nice. I just got off for my lunch break,” she said.
He asked a random beta woman to dance. The hours ticked slowly by and finally, it was time for him to leave.
“STOP IT!” Tony shouted, alpha voice flaring unconsciously.
“Can you get out?” asked Pepper.
“Stop!” Winter snarled but the stench persisted.
“Love you too, sweetheart.”
“Tony, I don’t want to discuss want to discuss our daughter’s master of bomb-making.”
“He safe, Stark. We have a protocol set in place for events like this. Extra precautions have been taken”, said Phil.
The omega slowly opened his eyes. His limbs were impossibly heavy and he could barely open his eyes. What had they dosed him with?
He flipped it open. “Clearly you’re waiting for someone else. Were you supposed to meet someone here?”
“She was one of the most patient women I’ve ever met and was very quiet in her kindness. Never one to make a fuss about all she did,” he said.
"Atlas of the Human Anatomy."
Tony pulled up a map. It was dotted with the locations of Winter sightings. They were random. He just appeared in a location without a hint of how he got there, so backtracking Winter’s movements wouldn’t get Tony anywhere. He stared at Winter’s photo. There were none of him without his mask. The arm was something of interest, but again, there was no clear image. The only thing clear was the red star on his shoulder, but the Soviets had already fallen. And many of the kills connected to him went against Russia's interest. His loyalties must have changed at some point.
Hill watched the couple from the small window in the door. She'd got a frantic call from Pepper about Tony, leaving in a panic from the lecture at Georgia Tech. She called her girlfriend.
They didn't. The alphas seemed to be enjoying themselves; finding sick happiness in hurting someone who couldn't fight back.
“That’s how you did it,” said Steve.
"For their sake, I'll keep it to myself," said Fury.
“That doesn't mean I’ll be what she needs,” said Tony.
“I forgot how much I missed that sound,” said Steve.
Tony absorbed the beauty of the moment. He placed a kiss on Steve's golden head.
Their eyes locked.
"No, cold feet. I only wish more of my friend were here," said Steve. The Howling Commandos were gone. They'd all lived a good life. But he wished they could be here. It was different with Bucky. He brushed away the ache.
“Can I just say-
“Is this okay? I don’t want to make this harder than it has to be. I can go if you want,” said Steve.
Steve cleaned up the pile of papers. His heart leaped when he saw a black velvet box. He took a breath. Was this for him? It could have been for Pepper. He had to make sure. Steve glanced back at Tony, still asleep. He flipped open the small box. It was a beautiful pale silver ring. Steve shut the box. He wasn’t meant to see this. Steve quickly put everything back where it was.
“Did I hit a nerve? Use your words, big guy.”
She was a talented pup with her whole life ahead of her and no darkness holding her back. He was hardly a person. A violent thoughtless man with the innocent blood on his hands. He changed the course of history; for better or for worse he did not know. Her life was worth so much more than his. Her time with him may have changed the value of his life slightly but not enough to make the difference.
“Winter.”
"So much was packed into those years. It feels like I'll never catch up."
"None of your concern. Load them onto a gurney. I want a full-body scan of each of them. Then clean up this mess," said Lena.
“You must learn how to make the most of a situation. Thank you, Piper,” said Lena, rising from her seat.
“It will be quick,” said Daddy.
Steve bit his lips. Talking with him could be like pulling teeth at times. Today may be verging on one of those days.
“I guess.”
“Okay, look, I need to be alone with you. Somewhere not here, it’s urgent,” she said.
“Not much,” said Rhodes.
“I’ve discovered something else from your bloodwork it from before and after your heat,” said Edith.
"We're in for many sleepless nights," said Tony.
It was a change from the mountains.
“I will be, but don’t worry unless I call for you,” said Piper.
“You don’t have to stay there,” said Piper.
He went to the mirror. Judging from the length of his hair, it had been four years since it was last cut. He trimmed his hair to a more reasonable length, then shaved. He took a moment to stare at his reflection. It was a face he hadn’t seen in some time. This face didn’t truly belong to him. Who was he? Did he have someone looking for him? He turned his head slightly, stretching his neck, but found no claim mark. No. No family was looking for him. That was for the best.
“Who did that?!” asked Fury.
*****
“Why go into this profession?” he asked.
“Whatever you do comes back on the company. Remember that,” said Pepper.
"Everything has the possibility to explode. I like it when things go boom. Maybe I should make things that explode.”
“I’ll be there soon,” she said.
Piper’s tears had frozen against her cheeks.
“No problem.”
The smell of coffee woke him up slightly. Tony handed him a mug. He took a sip, savoring it for a moment. Even though caffeine in such low doses did nothing for him the smell had the effect.
“I don’t need to relax.”
“Have we meet before?” she asked.
“What’s wrong?” asked Steve.
Steve just nodded.
“Extremis."
“I would take you the museums to speed up this process, but we can’t risk you being recognized,” said Phil.
“Captain, it would be my genuine pleasure,” said Clint, his arrowhead snapping in place.
“I’ll break it.”
Steve backed up and sat down on the weight bench. He grabbed one of the weighted plates piled near it, turning it in his hands. He tensed when Tony sat next to him.
“Wanted to be here.”
“Yes, and you are?” he asked.
“Did he hurt you anywhere else?”
“You heard her, sweetheart. Go enjoy the fight,” said Natasha.
Steve opened his mouth. Bruce ran the swab over his gums.
Steve hung on as the jet lost altitude this would be a crash landing. The wings of the jet slammed against a building as it went down. They ran out of the back, to the fight. They stared at the tear in the sky above them. Giant armored flying creatures came soaring out, knocking down the structures. Small flyers broke of it as it moved through the city.
Winter shrugged.
“I’d be more worried about Rhodey than me,” said Tony.
“Adding to Stark’s immense ego,” said Clint.
He was really craving sherbet, but strawberry would do. They went to the kitchen. Steve took a gallon of ice cream from the freezer, settling on the kitchen island. Watching as Tony pulled up a hologram of the tower. The damaged areas were highlighted in orange. The building's structure had held up well.
“What?!” said Steve.
Steve flipped the shield revealing the shredded leather arm straps.“Thought you could come up with something better."
“Why is there a giant stuffed rabbit in my driveway?” he asked.
"You must be the Iris my son keeps going on about. You made quite an impression."
What caught Steve’s attention was in this freezing weather the woman wore makeup and looked impeccable. Her lips were painted a deep red.
“Hey, sweetheart.”
Lena was surprised Winter was able to recognize the fantasy creature.
“Doris? You named your Harley, Doris?” asked Tony.
“This won’t change how he feels about you,” she said as if responding to his inner fears.
“This is agent Coulson."
They were both exhausted by the time they got to their California home. Everything was back in place. Banner sat in their kitchen seeming perfectly at home. Steve gave him a small wave before curling up in his nesting couch.
He went for the exit pushing away those who got in his way.
"They'll see us coming. There goes the element of surprise," said Clint.
“Alpha please.”
“I smell another omega,” he said.
“Why?” asked Steve.
"We'll figure it out. I'll be there for you the entire way," he said.
“You’ve had ten days, and the fucker hasn’t cracked. I'm almost impressed,” said Fury.
*****
“We are done for the day,” said Barny.
"That's only half true, but it was fostered by survival instinct. Weakness would be punished severely. People like Winter and I were the end result. She’ll recover, Steve. We found her in time.”
“I didn’t say that.” God, he felt that way! Where was Tony’s shattering ache? Was it even there? Seeing it would be reassuring. It would prove Steve wasn’t the only one falling apart.
Tony nodded.
Tony nodded. A red-headed nurse led him to Happy’s room. Happy was wrapped in bandages. His face was swollen and bruised. He wasn't breathing on his own.
Steve realized his mistake. He quickly moved from his position atop the alpha. Lowering his posture to appear small and unthreatening. His shoulders hunched. A gentle hand caressed his face. It was impossible not to lean into purring happily. But did not the alpha's gaze, not wanting risk it appearing as a challenge to the alpha's authority. What if he didn't want him anymore? His chin was raised. As he gazed into those brown eyes his fears melted away.  Alpha touched their forehead together.
Steve frustration with the alpha faded completely. Tony put thought into their future. And he loved the sound of ‘our future’. How far in the future had the alpha planned for? Did it include a pup or even pups? Steve shook his head. As much as he wanted to speak of their future now wasn’t the time. That conversation had to be in person.
He needed to wash the dried seed and slick from him. Tony smiled when he entered the bedroom. Steve had burrowed under the blankets. From the closet, he took a fresh set of bedding, placing it on the bedside table. If Steve wanted to rebuild their nest, he wanted the materials to be available to him. He couldn’t resist pulling back the blankets slightly to place another kiss on Steve’s forehead. He went to the bathroom, needing a showering.  Steam clouded the glass walls of the shower. He tossed off his pants and got in.
The color drained from his face.
“It is,” he said. The tone of his voice left no room changing his mind.
“I am.”
Desire flamed in the alpha’s eyes. His callused skilled hands worked him perfectly, leaving him aching for more. He leaned into Tony, allowing him to take control. He shook with pleasure. Their bodies were perfectly aligned, skin pressed against skin. Their lips only separating for brief gasps of air. Steve wanted more. He pulled on the waistband Tony's underwear.
“What are you going to cry now?” asked Tony.
“I can create and control lighting. Things that can kill other people hardly leave me with scratch. I heal quickly. I'm stronger and faster than normal people."
“I’m not cute."
“Uncle Rhodey!”
Spending time with Rune had given her some distraction from her worries over Winter. There were almost no signs of injuries left on her. They were currently sitting across from each other. The glass wall separating did nothing to dampen the friendship blossoming between them. Tensing when the two of them heard people approaching, the stopped talking. People here was never a good sign.
He started making funny faces. Piper started giggling.
“Tony, slow down!” he begged.
“Maybe in time when things are more solid,” said Steve.
“You’re safe,” said Tony nuzzling omega’s neck.
“She’s purring,”
“There a fifty percent chance that he’ll get right. What's the point?”
Tony looked up from his work as Steve's calming omega scent filled his lab. Steve was asleep on the couch. It wasn't the best place for the omega to sleep, but he couldn't wake him. Neither of them had gotten much sleep. He took a blanket from the closet and wrapped it around Steve. Tony kneeled by his mate.
“It’s time like these my temper is tested somewhat. Maya, give me the injector,” he said.
He needed to get his omega out here, get him Avengers Tower where it was safe. Where things were more under his control.
“Loki is going to drag this out, so Thor what’s his play?” asked Steve.
"Will she overheat?" asked Steve.
“Later, give me some space."
“We won’t be the only ones looking for him.”
"Thank you."
“My boyfriend,” said Steve. He couldn' say ex. How had Tony even found him? There was a tapped against the window. Tony was floating outside the window. Steve scowled. But was partly thrilled that the alpha had come in search of him.
“Get out now!”
“Good evening, sir,” said Killian.
“You run the same risk with humans,” said Natasha.
Winter hated the pained rasps that escaped the pup, but this was for her own good. She had to learn and this was the fastest way. He was being as gentle as possible. This was the easiest he'd ever gone on an opponent.
“I’m in heat.”
“I doubt that,” said Tony.
“Your body hasn't shown any signs of rejecting the pregnancy. It sees the embryo as part of you. This is only a prediction,” Edith cautioned, “but I believe, since it’s half super-soldier, it will only have half of your capabilities,” said Edith.
"I'm growing a human being."
“Your birth control is effective. It will likely remain that way through the entirety of your heat,” said Jarvis.
“I don’t have friends.” He had handlers and allies, but no friends. It was a pointless connection, a weakness.
"With this ring, I, Steven Grant Rogers, take you Anthony Edward Stark, for my lawful husband to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, until death do us part. I will love and honor you all the days of my life."
“You want to play chess?” asked Piper, perplexed.
"As soon as he was old enough he was sent off to boarding school."
"They'll be programmed to capture. The drones will dispose of immediate threats with little risk to us. Now, let’s get my daughter," said Tony finally, ending all discussion.
Steve glanced back at the tower before getting into the car with Phil. He skimmed over the packet.
“Jarvis, pull up Steve’s therapist information." It appeared on his phone, Dr. Barnaby Turner. It had been almost a year since Steve talked to him. He should have pushed Steve to go. But everything was going so well.
"I thought we were waiting until Christmas."
“Good.”
After an episode of Blue Planet was over he went to their bedroom. Tony was already was asleep. By some miracle, his morning sickness wasn't acting up. He got into bed, but couldn't get comfortable. At this point, he was worried he'd wake Tony.
“Promise me,” said Tony.
“You’ve known Piper’s parents a long time, right?” he asked.
“Strawberry ice cream," said Steve.
“What’s this?” asked Steve.
“Besides unwrapping you on my bed nothing,” said Tony.
“I do. He’ll have difficulty expressing it,” she said.
Lena was caught off guard by the sincerity of the apology. It was something Piper had never given before.
“What’s his son like, Tony?” he said.
“Come back when you’re ready, Tony. We’ll handle this together.”
“He’s your friend I thought you want to know where he went. What if he’s danger?” said Lena.
Jarvis turned on the water. It took a few seconds for it to reach the perfect temp. When she felt clean, she wrapped a towel around herself and scurried to her room. Relieved at the feel of fresh, clean clothes against her skin. Piper stripped the bed, tossing the dirty sheet and PJs down the laundry shoot.
“Once you finish your lunch.”
She followed him into the adjoining room. There were ten dummies spread about. Bells were pinned to the manikins’ clothing. It would be impossible to touch one without ringing one of the bells. Pieces of jewelry decorated them.
“How long did he sleep?” asked Steve.
Steve nodded.
“Nat.”
Tony waved goodbye and man went running. As he made his way through halls piece armor attached to him. By the time he made it out he almost wearing a full suit. He grabbed the faceplate jetting toward him.
“The anniversary of his parents’ death is coming up,” he said.
“Hi, I’m Trevor. Trevor Slattery,” he said offering his hand to Rhodes.
When Steve started dozing off he turned down the music. He pulled into the cemetery parking lot. Tony shoved hand warmers in his pockets. He gently nudged Steve awake. "We're here."
“To keep me from ever going back to a heat facility Bucky claimed to be my alpha on paper. He would stay with me while I was in heat, never making a move to touch. Him being there was my only comfort." He stayed close to Tony, clinging tightly to him.
“She’s stable.”
Piper was drenched in sweat and panting. Darkening, lash shaped bruises patterned her skin. Bruises always appeared so quickly on her skin. Winter tossed her a towel.
Tony tossed him a box. He watched as Steve burned the letter.
He shook the thought from his head.
“Then what was I saying?”
“There are more important things for you to focus on than me,” he said.
"How is that possible they received the cure?" asked Tony.
Peggy pinched the bridge of her nose.
He brought Steve into his arms. The omega hid his face in his neck. He ran his hands down Steve's back, earning a soft purr.
“You read this?”
Steve shied from his gaze. “I won’t lie to you."
“Do I ever complain about you being gone?” Lena asked
He had to get to his mate!
“Loki, did he get away?” asked Clint.
Tony’s eyes shut his mouth opened in silently as he released inside his omega. Steve’s cum marked his chest. The omega went limp, letting his weight fall on him. He managed to move them on their side. Tony ran his fingers through those damp golden locks.
Steve jumped back from the fridge.
“How’s Emma?” he asked. Out of the two siblings, Tony knew Emma better. She frequently informed Tony of Peggy’s condition.
Steve pulled his hood up over his head before exiting through the back of the tower. His breath fogged in the quiet chill, as the night air refreshed him. He started a slow jog, taking back alleys and fire escapes to avoid any chance of being noticed. As he slid down a ladder, a gun was pressed to his back. There were two men, the one holding the gun and another perched on the roof above.
Tony nodded. Steve looked through the window, hesitating to open the door.
“How much time do I have?” he asked.
*****
Steve regained control himself. Distress would do nothing but agitated his pup and trigger his morning sickness. They would have to prepare. Steve was worried about his husband.
“Five, four, three, two, one."
The pup took Lena’s hands. And Winter couldn’t move.
He took Tony’s hand. The alpha's other hand went to his lower back. Steve rested his free hand on Tony shoulders. They swayed together; every now and then they would kiss. The two remained like that a little while as a new song started playing. Steve went rigid against him.
“What do you want, Rhodes?” he asked.
"Howard's notes. He wrote down everything. It might include some of Erskine's work. Tony where did he keep his notes?" asked Steve.
He sat up. Something was off with her. What could have gotten to her?
“I don’t want her to be hounded by the press.”
chree
There was no hesitation. His hands shook with anticipation. Tony slowly slid them down, and Steve kicked them off. The alpha licked his lips. Everything about Steve was perfectly proportional. He slowly kissed up that toned stomach, intentionally avoiding what his omega wanted most. He gently took Steve’s nipple into his mouth, sucking softly. Steve arched and moaned at the sensation.
“What?”
“Thanks for taking care of me." He ran his fingers through Tony's hair, causing the sleeping alpha to purr. “Jarvis, what time is it?”
“What?” asked Steve.
"Beauty can be found in darkness," said Tony.
“I look forward to it,” said Pepper.
He turned around when Trevor’s eyes darted away from him. It was too late he was knocked before he could do anything.
“What are you seeing, Stark?” asked Romanoff.
“Steve will kill him.” Even someone with Steve’s moral standings could resist that temptation.
"Tony, you're safe."
"Wanted to check on you first," said Tony.
“You aren’t joking,” he said when he noticed Tony’s intense expression.
Steve sighed. Tony was slightly hungover from his New Years' Eve Party.
“You better you’re the kid’s godfather,” said Tony.
He followed behind her, keeping a respectful distance from the beta. Winter scowled with he saw the change in their cell. The pup was curled up tightly in a far corner of the cell.
“You’ll find a way to connect with her,” said Tony.
It had been ages, but it didn’t matter. Things like sex seemed to have lost all importance in the grand scheme.
“18,000 feet,” said Jarvis.
lanced through his mind.
“What’s the rush? Missing your family,”
“Ah, okay.”
Tony pushed him back into the bed. He struggled against his alpha, only to be scruffed. He went limp unable to move under the power of his mate's physical command.
“I’ll get the asset prepared.”
“You aren’t a young alpha anymore, Tony. You’re almost fifty.”
“It’s the fastest way to break it in,” said Tony, sitting up.
“Steve, this is Agent Natasha Romanoff. She’ll be your opponent,” said Phil.
The beta waved a Geiger counter over the necklace.
He glared at the alpha.
, Piper."
"When?" he asked.
“I can hear the smile in your voice. You got laid."
He ran his finger over her scalp, searching for trauma. There was no scar tissue. Not that there would be with her healing factor. His earliest memory erasure was a sensation akin to getting the top of his skull ripped off. Leaving him unable to move for days. The agony of such procedures were carved deeply into the thresholds of his mind, ironically they were impossible to forget, leaving him unable for days after. The only side effects now were stabbing migraines.
Steve regretted posing the challenge to Natasha. He would have to be careful not to let anything slip. For the time being, he wanted to keep the perfection of his heat to himself.
“Come on Clint leave these two alone,” said Natasha.
Steve stuffed the file back into his bag. It would get him nowhere. He fell back into the mattress.
“Okay, take off your pants and take a seat on the table,” she said.
The elevator stopped on the lab floor. Tony was asleep at his desk. If he was going to sleep in the lab he should make an effort to get to the couch. Steve easily lifted the sleeping man bridal style, accidentally knocking a stack of paper to the ground. Thankfully, the alpha didn’t wake. He set Tony on the couch, pulling a blanket over him. He placed a gentle kiss on his forehead.
Tony was exhausted after three days with less than six hours of sleep. He wasn't the only one lacking sleep. Piper’s crankiness led to several holes in the walls penthouse from the toys she'd thrown. He would have to patch those holes before Steve got home.
“What should I do when it happens?” asked Steve.
“For the pup. She has no toys.”
“Put it in and it will lock-in,” said Tony.
Piper smiled and sat between her parents as Jarvis started the movie. Uncle Bruce and Aunt Natasha sat next to each other. For some reason, Uncle Bruce looked nervous. She shrugged, not getting adults. Halfway through the second movie, Piper started nodding off. She blinked and her friends started leaving. She waved sleepy goodbyes to them.
“No one said the high road is easy, but all I ask you to do is try. Even I find it difficult at times and find myself wandering off it,” said Steve.
“No, he’s still out there! He knows where Piper is!” growled Steve.
“Sorry, I didn’t get you anything,” said Steve.
“What were you playing at? You could have gotten us all killed!” she screamed.
“Thank you.”
"I can't, Steve. I have to know what's wrong with you. Waiting until ready isn't something I could do anymore. We have a daughter. Our problems affect her."
The next morning Steve packed a bag for their trip. He slept for the entire flight. When they got to their hotel he did his normal pace around the room, checking for danger.
Steve bit his lip.
"Who taught you?" he asked.
“It was perfect, Tony.”
“You’re Director Furry.”
“It’s nothing bad. Your heat will only come every three months. Your next heat will hit sometime in late January,” said Edith.
“Not intentionally it took some to time to refine my craft,” said Tony.
Tony nodded. He went over to his gently squeezing Steve’s hand.
Piper jumped out of bed. She didn’t want them looking at her DNA, knowing it wouldn’t be normal. It wasn’t normal before, but she was sure that now it would be even weirder. She didn't want them seeing that.
June 13, 2016
“Six months," said Tony.
“Done?” asked Tony, offering him a paper towel.
Tony was hunched over his lab desk, working on his most recent suit. That's where the alpha found some element of comfort. His mate didn't respond to his presence. He wrapped his arms around Tony's neck, resting his chin on the alpha's shoulder. Tony squeezed his hand, kissing it briefly. Steve breathed in his scent, but it didn't offer him the support he was seeking.
“Send Dum-E up here.”
"What?"
“What’s the mission?” asked Steve.
“Not long,” said Lena.
“How was it?” she asked.
“I decapitated a dummy,” said Steve. Laughter came through the line. He didn’t think it was particularly, but Tony seemed to find it hilarious.
“It’s nothing,” he said.
The smell of coffee woke him. A large mug was placed on his desk.
"Hey, Cap,"
“A difficult ask. A different name doesn't change that you are still you,” said Barny. Steve sighed, lowering into the seat across from him. His words had calmed the soldier enough to let him be still. But it would be foolish to deny the importance of Steve's name. It was something stable and his. Something that was both past and present. But it was a constraint of occupation. “And it’s not fair to Tony."
“The poor girl,” said Pepper. She looked at a photo of the girl. Catalina couldn't be much older than eighteen. She was beautiful. There were noticeable similarities between her and Rune. Rune had her thick wavy hair and complexion.
Tony had gotten out of the bed pacing out his frustration. He blamed himself. It wasn't Tony's fault not even Rumlow's fault. It was his. "I was hurt by an explosion. Your weapons only happened to be there."
“In the master bedroom,” said Jarvis.
“Still better than expected,” he said.
Rhodes picked up a random gift.
“I’m not angry, Tony.”
“Will you?! Or will he be eaten up by this place like he was by the other organization!"
“You have no idea how uncomfortable it is! I loved and hated the thing growing inside me. It wasn’t its fault, but I couldn’t stop myself. I wasn’t strong enough. It was a constant reminder of what its father did to me! I was grateful when I miscarried!” snarled Steve. He took a shaky breath. Their eyes were on him, alarmed. He shook with anger. Steve took another breath, releasing it. Anger would get him nowhere.
Piper yelped when he dove at her, scrambling out of the way of his attack. “What are you doing?!”
“Not according to public record, sir.”
“I hardly ask you to do anything. Some of our more traditionalist clients like the comfort of knowing there’s still an alpha in control of the company."
Tony instantly shot up at the noise, hitting his head on the upper bunk.
