,” Dean said, leaning in a little to make sure he got Jack’s focus, “And a lot of other things to be happy about.”
Cas nodded, understanding. He didn’t think Michael had anything to worry about. He had been played just like Cas had been played.
They had conspired in the car that they should have an excuse if stopped. Benny suggested they say they were part of the gardening staff or something similar. Dean had entertained the idea for a second, before frowning and shaking his head.
“It’s not—it’s not that. I do trust you, I trust you more than friends I’ve known my whole life,” Dean explained. “It’s just one of those things that has to be worked on overtime or something. Be patient with me. I trust you—you be patient with me.”
His father had been stuck in the very same hospital for a month before he died and Dean visited him almost every day, watching him wither away.
Cas settled himself in, but still had his back to face the dance floor. He didn’t look directly at Dean, needing to purge his head of the thoughts and images it conjured up earlier before looking the man straight in the eye.
They waved each other off as Dean got to his door. He waited until Sam rounded the corner, heading to his own room, before taking a deep breath to shake off the conversation.
“That’s why I’m back here—and I honestly wish I didn’t come back at all. But I couldn’t stay there,” Cas finished.
The one benefit of not having many things to pack was that Cas wouldn’t have to go through the front door in the middle of the night with eighteen bags. He could fit most of his clothes and the belongings he wanted to take into two smaller suitcases.
Cas finally sighed and finished the drink in his hand. “Since I didn’t accomplish what I initially wanted to, Michael had other plans for me.”
Cas turned the water on and stood by, watching Jack clean his bowl. He had a habit sometimes of just leaving dirty dishes in the sink to the point where they sometimes had to stand next to him to make sure he washed up his things.
For over a week now, every single moment together had been building and building to this inevitable moment.
After the first go, they’d be in a better position to explore each other but right then, they had to get the first round out of the way.
“I think the day after you bought it,” Cas answered, “I finished my book and wanted a new one. I saw the books and when I pushed them back in—”
”. It was over drinks when Cas stopped home for Christmas at 16 years old. He never forgot about that conversation and it too had played a factor in him deciding that yes, he’d go and become a priest. It wasn’t the only reason, but it nestled itself in with all the other ones about faith and devotion. Priests don’t get married, don’t have to date, don’t have to be pawns in their family’s game of—
“You said you had a date with Hannah,” Dean repeated, glancing over to Cas but floating away a little. “What happened?”
Dean took too long to answer and Cas felt his heart sink to the bottom of his stomach. The emotional roller coaster did have an end, and it wasn’t where Cas wanted it to be.
It was entirely too early; That’s what they told Castiel as he accompanied Zachariah and Michael to Dean’s Heaven. They chatted amongst themselves as Castiel trailed them, still unsure why he was asked to come along in the first place.
But that argument fizzled before it could take off in Dean’s head. Sam and Eileen already had rings, bought last year, proposed on her birthday.
Cas’s emotional rollercoaster came back, first the high of Dean saying he wanted to go, then the low of Dean’s fears—but Cas was back on the incline, feeling almost giddy as he realized what was about to happen.
It was a backhanded explanation, Cas realized. The explanation—he sympathized with; he too didn’t really think of any kind of future with anyone other than God until very recently.
Cas shot off the text and backed out of the driveway, glancing at the windows. Zachariah still watched him. Holding his breath, Cas turned the car and tried to obey the speed limit driving away.
Taking the hint, Dean raised his hands, leaning forward slightly and braced himself on either side of the mirror, watching the jacket’s lapels hang loose in front of him.
And in that particular case, ramping up all the pent up energy that had already been simmering for weeks.
A consistent ache ran throughout Cas, and in his haze of half-conscience confusion, he had to replay the night’s events back in his head a few times to get it right. Each time more and more detailed and also unbelievable.
Jack first shook his head but then looked back down at the ring in concentration. He inhaled when it finally clicked.
Cas frowned, confused before Dean grabbed his hand and brought it to his mouth. Dean now closed his eyes as he rang a tongue over Cas’s palm, then taking each finger one by one into his mouth, doing a thorough job of cleaning each one the best he could. Out of the things that worried Dean the most when thinking about blow jobs was what it would taste like. But it tasted fine, and Dean’s mind already started to calculate when he’d be able to do the real thing.
He pressed his forehead into his pillow and squeezed his eyes shut, wishing more than anything, right there and then, that there was something more than just his own hand on him. He didn’t just want more, he
As Dean distracted Cas with kisses, he slid a hand down to the front of Cas’s pants. Cas broke away and rested his face against Dean’s neck while Dean worked quick. A hand wrapped around Cas and he bit back a moan which transformed into a clipped gasp. He didn’t need Dean to do much. He’d been hard for too long at this point.
Confusion continued to grow as Dean tried to think about another outstanding commitment they made. Cas offered Dean a sad smile, reaching out with his free hand and cupping Dean’s cheek.
Hannah’s house wasn’t nearly as large as Cas’s but he still missed the bathroom twice before finally finding the door. But before he could open it, he heard his name.
Judging by the texts already sent, Cas had a pretty good idea of what those pictures were. Dean’s warning helped seal that confirmation. The earlier texts were agonizing—
, the voice reminded Dean but his racing heart drowned it out. Images of a bruised Benny, despondent Cas, and his dad laying in a hospital bed, wasting away to nothing—
Dean shrugged and leaned over the engine, pretending to inspect something so he did not have to look Reynolds in the eye.
As Dean laid down the assortment of burgers, steaks, and dogs, he caught himself watching the group through the rippling heave waves from the grill.
The man screwed the cover back on, and a corner of his mouth turned up in one of the smallest smiles Dean had ever seen.
“This was one hell of a night for you Cas,” she said, still not smiling but Cas detected a hint of sympathy.
“I know you have a sense of what would be good for Hannah,” Michael started, gesturing to Zachariah. It was a business meeting. “Why don’t you go first?”
The entryway led to an open door, which allowed access into a modest-sized kitchen with various house plants inside and a skylight on the high ceiling.  The lighting felt cold with concrete and stainless steel countertops and appliances, and lack of any personal objects to indicate anyone utilized the room.
Judging by how long it took for them to break apart once Cas slid into the truck, Dean didn’t anticipate there being much free time for anything. He had three and a half days to muse on what he wanted to happen that night, finally settling on fulfilling that certain fantasy that refused to vacate his head.
The comment rewarded Cas with a small smile from Dean who glanced over before staring back at the ceiling.
Michael greased the palms of every detective, sergeant, and the chief. They wouldn’t help Cas even if he begged.
There was a brief pause, and Dean was certain they would just regard him with contempt before dismissing him, but the familiar one pointed to a doorway close by, almost completely hidden by bushes and a trellis if you weren’t at the right angle.
Joshua shrugged and went back to digging, “There’s nothing, realistically, stopping you from not doing it. And your mission right now is to show this young man just how much you love him and want to be with him so he understands it’s not as much of a scary jump as he thinks.”
As people filed out, Cas waited in the wings. He thought about slipping into a confessional while Father Laurence said his goodbyes outside and just pull the light so he knew someone was in there—but Cas didn’t want an anonymous confession.
In the panic, Cas had forgotten Dean sent him other things as well, and when he opened the chat log, he was greeted by a video, a photo, and another photo.
Dean looked off into the field over the back gate, anger building. The air between them chilled, and Cas wanted nothing more than to take everything back.
“I don’t know if he knows specifics, but I do know that he knows something, and it feels like it’s more than just knowing I had a hickey,” Cas explained. He couldn’t articulate exactly how he felt catching Zachariah staring at him through the window. “I’m just saying, we have to be careful.”
As both of them felt that tension wind tighter and tighter inside, Dean withdrew to take up a different position. But as he pushed up, Cas watched as Dean’s eyes slid to a spot just to the left of him.
“Alright princess,” Reynolds said, climbing down from the tractor and handing Dean a wrench. “You fix it.”
been taken away before. It happened time and time again, finally ending with the worst possible outcome with Dean unsure if he’d ever see Cas again.
Cas nodded, a little embarrassed. He did want to look at the stars, but he didn’t want it to take all night. There was a reason why they brought an entire bed out there with them.
Cas nodded automatically as he suddenly felt that unnamed emotion surge into the empty spot his earlier adrenaline occupied.
But the guy was beginning to shake and was probably overheating. Reynolds was probably close to getting heatstroke.
“Yes, there was a man here last night, he was the one who shot the other young man. My cat woke me up to go—“
Instead, when he turned the corner to see who he just crashed into, he saw Castiel standing there, one hand still on the cart handle and squeezing a shopping list in the other. He didn’t look shocked or surprised but more like he had to take a moment to process what just happened.
“She’s leaving in three days to look at apartments and I don’t know when she’ll be back,” Dean cut Benny off, pocketing his phone, trying to swallow his nerves. She wasn’t unkind, but she had a sharp tongue on her that Dean found hot most of the time, but now it terrified him.
Dean raised his eyebrows as he lifted a sleeve to see that yes, it was in fact three hundred dollars. It had no business being three hundred dollars, and yet—
Heading to Kansas City as part of his job three years prior, taking that chance and going to a bar and, meeting Dean had changed some aspects of his fear, but Cas still refrained from being an active participant in the LGBT community.
“Don’t you think it’s too fast? I’ve only known him for like, a month,” Dean explained, trying not to sound childish, “And what about my house? What about my home, and you guys? I told my dad I would stay, it was the last thing I said—”
All at once, everything came rushing back to Cas; marriage to a woman to keep political and economical power; said power would help to force Dean out of his home;
The sensation broke the last of Dean’s willpower and he couldn’t help the choked off moan as he closed his eyes, knowing it was only a matter of moments until—
“No means upsetting Michael, getting cut off from any resources I may need to keep going in life, basically never being able to see anyone I care about again and being on my own with no help. It’s not like I have a functional degree,” Cas turned to Dean with a sad smile.
“Thankfully I’m forty-seven and not eighty-seven,” Dean responded, watching as Cas also moved in the water, tossing the cloth to the side of the tub to be washed later. Cas stood and turned so Dean could see his flushed face and bright eyes. They were done for that particular round but Cas still had a buzz to him that told Dean that round two would be.. intense.
Pausing, Michael glanced out the window to the front yard, the grass turning slightly brown with the relentless summer sun.
“Shoulda gotten here sooner, m’tired now,” Cas mumbled, but still shifted his hips backwards. Dean let out another sharp breath and closed his eyes for a moment.
“I’m assuming that’s a yes?” Dean whispered after Cas moved away from his mouth and over to his neck.
A privacy curtain separated Benny from the outside world and Dean almost didn’t proceed further, not wanting to see Benny’s face.
Closing the distance between them, Cas looked Dean straight in the eye as he slid his hands down and around, resting on his backside.
“I understand,” Cas answered, sliding his hand over to read for Dean’s left one, looking down at it as he fiddled with the ring, “But I’ll still say it. I’m happy with you, and I love you, and where we are now is not where we once were.”
A strange sense of pride filled Cas as he smiled, leaning back down again to run his mouth over Dean’s stomach—unable to stop himself, wanting to make the magic in the room last as long as possible.
Lack of activity led to little sleep that night and he woke at 5 a.m. Sunday morning, restless and thinking too much as he stared at his ceiling fan.
“I think I can do that,” Cas answered, smile widening, looking at it as well, “I wonder if it’ll fit me too.”
Michael’s stone-like expression faltered slightly and he sniffed, annoyed, turning his head back to the male cop, who handed Michael the clipboard and a piece of paper to sign.
“I didn’t take one—I took an Uber,” Cas explained, kicking a rock, “Just in case I became severely inebriated.”
As Dean deepened the kiss, Cas’s hands traveled up to rest Dean’s back, leaving some exposed skin, hot and sensitive, to chill in the air-conditioned room.
But as he stood there and stared, Cas descended down the steps again, taking his hand and leading him back up into the cabin.
“Keep an eye out,” he instructed, the smile still on his face as he gave Dean a quick kiss. He sank to his knees with his heels hitting the fence as Dean leaned over him to hold onto it.
Nearly an hour later, Dean began to notice Cas starting to sink in his chair a little, a frown deepening.
“You did well. I’ll take it from here,” he said, patting Castiel on the back as he turned and headed back to Daniel who still sat by the grave. He still looked concerned and Castiel frowned as they approached, hoping Daniel had enough sense to control his expression.
Some like Jody, Donna, and Garth had tears in their eyes (Jody specifically took Dean aside away from the group to talk to him), while others like Claire and Kaia just drew Cas in for a hug, Claire telling Cas quietly that she was happy for him, and proud—
Tempers flared soon after Cas opened it to see a big, fat diamond sitting on a sterling silver band.
The first photo looked like it was taken accidentally while he was trying to do something else. It showed the fire pit outside, slightly blurred, with the two chairs they sat in the night of the bonfire still in their same positions. That photo brought the beginning of a smile to Cas’s face.
Without looking back, Dean buried himself in the crowd and pushed his way back through to head back to the Cinnabon counter before Cas could see him. His heart and head raced against each other, trying to out-do the other with rationalizations.
“Do I bring anything?” Castiel asked, looking at ice cream at the end of the frozen food aisle, automatically grabbing a pint of Ben & Jerry’s.
He knew he shouldn’t have told Dean about Hannah but he did anyway. He couldn’t keep it to himself anymore. There was desperation over the last several days to confide in someone, anyone, as to what was happening. Cas expected it to be Gabriel whenever he returned Cas’s phone calls—he didn’t expect it to be a man he had only met three times.
He had to blast the radio to keep himself awake as he drove further out of town. He only glanced at two churches before giving up. The name wouldn’t magically resurface in his brain.
“Hola, bro-la,” Gabriel’s voice greeted Cas. His voice sounded a little hoarse and Cas could hear what sounded like slot machines behind him, “What’s shakin’?”
“Thanks,” Lee mumbled, taking a long drink and almost finishing it. Dean and Benny looked at each other for some kind of guidance on what to do next, but Benny just shrugged his shoulders.
But Cas shifted against him impatiently, bringing Dean back to reality, eager and wanting something to happen. Dean hesitated for another moment to see if the fear would return, not wanting it to pop back into his head at the worst time.
Disappointment and anger continued to wash over Castiel the more he thought about what happened. He was so
Another thing he underestimated, or couldn’t predict accurately, were the overwhelming emotions that came along with it all. He knew it would feel good, that was a given, and they barely scratched the surface of what’s possible—but what Cas felt ran deep, beyond
“Hey, it’s Benny,” the phone said and Cas took his eyes off the road, opening his mouth to talk. “You got my voicemail, I’ll get back to you soon.”
If he was seen by the wrong person at this party, Dean was toast. He pushed his luck the previous week at South Hill. He didn’t know how many chances he had left.
Cas paused, rubbing his eye and taking a deep breath. This dream, nightmare, whatever it classified as, had always been the hardest for Cas to overcome and they’d usually spend the night talking it out. It didn’t happen often, but when it did, it came on strong, latching onto Cas’s mind and sucking the life and soul out of him. Cas had once confessed to Dean that he had suffered the same kind of terrors ever since it had happened all those years ago—and Dean’s heart had sunk, pulled into the dark water thinking about all the times Cas had to handle all this on his own.
He felt rather than heard the sigh next to him as Dean went to grab a butter knife, taking aim at his glass.
“I’m not saying it until you say it,” he whispered back, slipping his hand down once the pants were loosened, drawing a gasp out of Cas.
Dean pulled away more now to look Cas straight in the eyes, “I don’t either. We can take it slow—you sure you still want this?”
There seemed to be two voices dueling that day inside Dean’s head Dean tried his hardest to keep the more suggestive one silenced. Not now, not with this guy.
It would be very easy for both of them to finish quick and fast just to get that release they were craving—to go for something they’ve already done—but Cas, despite feeling frantic earlier, now had a sudden desire to make it last as long as possible; to have it settle into Dean’s head that this was what Cas had to give and what he wanted to say so badly.
Cas winced as he prepared himself, more sensitive than he thought. They probably wouldn't last very long—or maybe just him.
He stood out among the crowd as someone in plain dress while most had flashier outfits on, ready to party. Some wore makeup, some just had glitter, others weren't as flashy but still had more style than Cas with his jeans and button-down.
Inside were shelves of junk food from popcorn to candy and everything in between. Dean grabbed a thing of skittles and ripped it open, trying to figure out how to get to the next step in the conversation. He cleared his throat and stood by the island.
Dean had reached out and ran his fingers over it, forcing himself to remember every minute of that night. Sam locked himself in his room; Dean unable to defend himself; his dad spitting insults at him—but the bottle—the bottle was when Dean didn’t know if he would make it out unscathed.
“Warehouse,” Cas replied, keeping his eyes on their joined hands resting between them. “The—warehouse with Naomi and the—where there’s just… and
Dean reached the offshoot hallway that led to the restrooms and sure enough, a line had formed for both men and women. He walked down the hall, staring at the men’s line.
With all the noise in Cas’s head between moving back home, meeting and liking someone he didn’t realize he wasn’t supposed to, and the Hannah business—the one instinct that he focused on was that he needed a friend, and Dean stood out as someone who could fill that role.
As they approached the gate to the backyard, Dean suddenly stopped, causing Castiel to almost crash into him.
Cas moved beside him, heading to the couch to pick up the angel. Dean didn’t know how old it was but would place the bet at maybe forty, fifty years old—turn of the century style.
The actual marriage part, a wedding, however big or small that would be, was so far off that Cas hadn’t even a chance to dwell on what it would actually
Out of the two of them, only he had any kind of experience when it came to this, and it was only with women. Dean didn’t think the rules would be much different but—
Cas had Dean trapped. Heart racing, trying to claw its way out of Dean’s chest, he automatically reached into his coat pocket and retrieved his own little black ring box, the one that had sat patiently in the corner of the library for nearly three months at that point.
Cas decided to take her down the back of the property, away from the crowd, and over to the pond with a grove of trees nearby.
“I’m not ashamed or scared,” Cas said, trying not to move his mouth much so Dean could work easier, “Nor do I want to remain ‘in the closet.’ That’s not what this was about.”
“I think it means we should do this again,” Dean concluded, turning back to Cas, moving closer to kiss him. “And maybe again,” another kiss, “and again,” another one, “and a few more times—”
“Yeah—I mean I liked Gabriel though he picked on my brother a lot–I don’t think it was because of all this,” Dean explained. “Lucas seemed…”
“Thank you for that,” Cas said with a smile, trying not to laugh at Dean’s expression as he put the car in gear and backed down the driveway.
“It’s a good idea,” Cas conceded as he reached up to undo the sling strap over Dean’s shoulder. “But cooking might get messy.”
The room was nothing more than a box with the air conditioning turned on low. It had a shower, one bed, one TV, and the blinds drawn to filter the streetlights from outside.
He was sure that their friendship had extended into something a little more—but Dean had never been in this position before. He’d had crushes on guys, but ones that he knew were staunchly straight and didn’t actually need to put any thought or effort into it, knowing it’d be useless (or dangerous).
Dean’s phone had gone from ringing several times to a voicemail greeting, to just ringing twice and ending the call completely.
After the basement was said and done, Dean took a second stairwell up that put him back in the dining room.
Sitting in his friend’s truck, driving another man out to a field to play astronomer and then fuck under the stars was
“I’ll decorate, you make dinner,” he said in response to Dean’s confused frown, “I want to surprise you.”
“Good. Now get the hell off my property,” Michael ordered, pointing with the knife toward the front door.
Without so much of a half-second of thought, Dean backed the car up until he got to the driveway that wound through the trees to the South Hill Country parking lot.
He shook his head and Dean’s butterflies returned. Without a word, as slowly and quietly as he possibly could, Dean slid off the bench.
As Dean neared the end of the pasta aisle, he saw, almost in slow motion, another cart turn the corner. He threw his left leg back down and tried to stop the cart in time but it still collided with the other one, knocking it hard enough to force it to face in the other direction.
Cas glanced back over as he hit the dial button and made a shushing motion as the phone rang. He was happy that Joshua, for however old he was, at least invested in a cell phone.
Last-minute Christmas shopping forced them to take the nearly three-hour trip to Lincoln. Dean hated malls, but over the years, at least learned to enjoy Cas’s reaction to them (especially the food court).
Dean shook his head as he kicked away from Cas to the other side of the pool, “I can guarantee you weren’t bad at all.”
Lucas had Jack, illegitimate and part of his scandal that was released to the public during Lucas’ campaign. The woman, Kelly, had died giving birth to him and Lucas at first offered to take care of him, but then signed over adoption papers to Michael realizing he was unfit to be a father. Cas always gave him credit for that.
“You went straight from the Grays out into the middle of the field mid-afternoon, waited five hours to see a meteor shower, and then decided to not come home until nine in the morning?”
He turned around as he undid the button to his jeans, not allowing Dean to see any of it. Though Cas couldn’t see it, he knew Dean was staring, waiting to pounce when he could. The unnamed feeling came back and settled into the forefront of his mind.
Terror swept in like a tidal wave, Dean’s heart jumping to his throat at the sound of the man approaching the fitting room. Head still full of cotton, not processing one thought to the next, Dean watched more than felt himself be pulled away from the mirror, jacket shimmering in a blur as he was moved over to the bench.
“You good?” He asked, leaning in again. He could have raised his voice, but he liked leaning in close.
Sleep still did not come easy to them, even two years out. Dean accepted that it would be like this for a while, if not for the rest of their lives. Sleep remained elusive to
As soon as they opened the door to their apartment, Dean didn’t hesitate before stepping into Cas’s space, drawing him into a searing kiss. It drew on all the energy that had been building that morning.
Dean couldn’t go back until he was certain Cas wasn’t at the cabin. It’d be too risky, and if Dean wandered back into town right then, he’d be arrested and thrown behind bars, fulfilling Michael’s threat from several weeks ago.
He didn’t wait for an answer before pressing up against Dean, easing in slow enough, but faster than his usual teasing speed. They were on the fast track that day.
One of the images that always stuck in Dean’s memory was that whenever they did settle in for those nights, Cas would actually look like he wanted to relax. The coat and jacket underneath went off, he actually loosened the tie, and even though it did nothing for him, would accept any drink Dean passed to him.
The three Dean had sent earlier weren’t anything having to do with their game, just a set of emojis; shooting star, fire, and a disco man. Cas had smiled and sent back his own: a wave, house, and a starry night sky.
“Oh, perfect—here grab that one and plug it in, give me the other,” Dean instructed, pointing at them. Cas obeyed and gave Dean one. A little
Those smaller, quieter thoughts eventually rolled into other ones, with Dean remembering how good Cas did look out and about, looking more relaxed in the sun and with a smile that matched; How comfortable it felt standing next to him, sitting next to him for hours and just talking. Dean never “just talks” with anyone; How it felt when Cas confessed to Dean that no, he actually was not attracted to the ladies whatsoever; How for a good portion of the night Dean could only think about the fact that he hadn’t met anyone in town that would actually admit to being the big G. Dean had his suspicions, but said nothing; Again, how
The one outlier of rational thought was that Cas had bought the ring with the same lack of a plan that Dean did—so maybe it
While the fall and winter proved longer and harder than Kansas, they preferred it. The seasons were built-in excuses to stay inside by the fire reading, watching TV, or laying in front of the hearth with heaps of blankets and pillows, occupying themselves in other, more physical, ways.
“But you had it in Dean,” Joshua shot back, “You had it enough in Dean that you trusted him with your heart and you developed a wonderful thing in a short amount of time.”
“Yeah, he’s weird… like a weird, dorky little guy except he’s not little—but you get my point,” Dean explained. “He’s the only Charleston that’s tolerable and like, this guy said he’s been in boarding school practically his whole life, and then was studying to be—studying really hard for a major he didn’t care that much about. I don’t think he had much of a social life.”
“Cas I’ve been looking forward to this all morning please just get over here,” Dean all but whined, voice already taking on a hoarse tone.
Cas thought back to their first meeting in that kitchen Dean wanting to stay and talk to a stranger; Dean still inviting Cas to his party despite having animosity toward his family; the look on Dean’s face when he told Cas that deep secret part of himself that he hadn’t told anyone other than that boy when he was younger; Dean’s eagerness and willingness to share another intimate night together, but with less words and more sheets and pillows; Their night in the field, that wild look on Dean’s face; last night when Dean trusted him completely, that bright spark in his eyes–
At one point, Dean kept saying Cas’s name and half the time Cas didn’t think Dean knew he was doing it. Nails dug into Cas’s side and the heat of the room, their space, their own world blew out of control.
He even decided to leave his bible, a family hand-me-down that had “Phil’s Motel” stamped on the flyleaf.
“Did it do anything for you?” Dean teased, smirking and arching his back just a little bit. He could practically see the fire burst in Cas’s eyes. The answer was obvious.
Sam opened his mouth to say something but closed it, looking back down at the floor. Dean knew what almost came out of his mouth.
He stood still for three minutes, taking in gulps of air, trying to steady himself. No response from Dean.
Dean huffed a breath of laughter and tilted his head back more, inviting Cas’s mouth to skitter from under his ear down to his neck—or at least the part he could get at from the angle.
Cas pressed his lips together and sat back down at his desk, picking at the wooden grain. He didn’t know if he should tell Gabriel the whole situation with Hannah.
serve you a warrant,” Cas asked, turning back to zip up the bag. “You told them you didn’t know about Zachariah’s gun ring and you told them
“Why is your table all the way over there?” He asked, briefly forgetting the whole purpose of coming inside. The kitchen was spacious and could easily fit the table in the middle of the floor.
He felt his knees bump into Dean’s as he imagined what it must have been like for Dean. It was the nightmare scenario that Cas was terrified of for years but Dean was the one who had lived through it already. Judging by his sagging shoulders and inability to look Cas in the eye, it still deeply affected him.
“Are you going to give it to me?” Cas finally asked, his voice not quite scolding as it was teasing. Dean smirked.
All he wanted to do was get away from Hannah, her family, her house, that block, his own house— he wanted to go somewhere. Anywhere.
“I didn’t know for sure where Dean was going, but we had plans to meet up tonight and head to the cabin,” Cas began explaining, watching Sheriff Mills scribble down his words. “I couldn’t get a hold of him—we had to change some things after Michael...but he never answered me.”
“I think you have something in your pocket,” Cas answered, eyes bright, even in the fading sunlight, all traces of the thoughtful attitude in the car gone.
The urgency ebbed only a little inside Cas as he leaned against the wall and did what he was told. Watched.
In the end, Dean had agreed to stay, ensuring his father he’d keep the house, the property—everything… not realizing he was falling into the same trap his father was, and his father before that, and his father before that—
Dean put his hand back over his mouth as he watched, every push and pull firing sparks all over. He rolled his hips back, not wanting Cas to retreat too far anymore, just needing him to stay buried deep—
“Hey man I’m just telling you what happened tonight. I hope he calls you in the morning,” Lee said, sounding like he didn’t hope it would happen at all. “I’m heading back to bed.”
There was another pause and in the distance, Dean heard someone setting off illegal fireworks from their own backyard party that weekend. Critters from the field just beyond Dean’s backyard began their nighttime musical and the fire continued to crackle and pop in front of them with someone tossing more wood in.
“No, more like the party is for me, but I don’t like being around this many people. And I never like the food here.”
Dean’s smile now looked more like himself, and Cas returned it. But it took only half a second for it to falter.
The words pushed through the noise in Cas’s head that prevented the permission needed to explore what needed exploring.
He expected it from a guy who had his nose buried in holy scripture for his whole life, but Castiel didn’t seem to be interested in passing judgement—which worked well for Dean because he couldn’t shut his mouth.
If he were honest with himself, Cas would admit that he too didn’t think he could last all the way to the end of the day.
“Are you telling me I could have left all this time and not worry about the financial repercussions? I thought this wouldn’t last me a month.”
A few lonely birds called out to each other, but other than that, all Cas and Dean had for company was the snow under their feet and the waves of Waconda Lake trying to break free of their icy barrier. They were out in the open, but Dean felt enclosed, like they entered their own world as soon as they stepped out of the car.
Dean smirked as he stepped away, bringing his hand which was on Cas up to his mouth to clean it up. Cas groan in annoyance and gently pushed Dean away with a smile.
“You didn’t do anything wrong, it’s not about you,” Dean said quietly, tapping him on the leg as he neared the barn. Half true. “Just… life. In general. It’s too heavy for this kind of night.”
He bit the inside of his cheek and eventually looked the other way out his passenger window as the sun dipped below the horizon.
“Penny for your thoughts,” Dean said quietly as they turned a corner. He didn’t want to pry, but they’d both revealed pretty deep secrets to each other, that wall had already been broken, so maybe he could get Cas to dump whatever unnecessary load he had on his shoulders.
Dean nodded and took his hands and guided Cas back to his mouth. Cas stayed there as he slowly withdrew, only a fraction faster than when he went in but more excruciating in testing his restraint. It just felt so, so,
“So, you don’t hate me?” Dean asked, keeping his voice light and casual despite the juvenile question. It came out of his mouth before his brain told his mouth to keep shut.
Cas didn’t hesitate, moving away and taking Dean’s jacket off his shoulders, leaving behind a shroud of cold air against Dean that contrasted harshly with the heat inside him.
“It’s only...if I’m honest—I like you. I do. But I just graduated and this blindsided me. I was looking at a future devoted to God, not with—
Cas almost threw his phone. Instead, he tried to inhale as deep as he could, trying to calm himself.
happy. The small shift of paranoia earlier had eased itself off as they moved through the day with the people they loved and Cas had visibly seen Dean relax. Sitting next to him, Cas didn’t feel the tension that oftentimes came with the brief shots of that old kind of fear that’d haunt them.
On his deathbed, his dad had asked him to stay, to keep their legacy going somehow, not letting old grudges die hard. Dean almost didn’t agree, but his father had looked so lost in the last few years of his life—and it
He drew Dean in for another kiss as they waited to start round two, wanting to distract himself from the loud realization pounding in his head.
“Well--I mean yeah,” he started, having to clear his throat again. This sucked. “I didn’t really get how horrifying it was seeing burned wings on the ground until right then.”
But instead, Dean inhaled, then tossed the wallet up. Cas had to extend himself out of the window a little more to catch it with one hand. He only had on a bathrobe that opened slightly as he reached out. Dean unashamedly stared.
“Well, I was thinking about going back to that club tonight and didn’t know if you wanted to join me. But if your schedule doesn’t—“
Cas tapped Dean’s foot with his own and managed to catch his attention, giving him a reassuring smile. Dean had stated it clearly, without any visible fear or concern, that yes, he was happy, and he had many reasons to
Jack’s frown lessened slightly but he still stared at Cas with trepidation etched into his face. Cas didn’t blame him. Usually “we need to talk” wasn’t followed up by good news.
But the next morning, as Dean left to give a coworker a ride before the parade began, the fear and nerves all came rushing back, flooding Cas’s senses.
Cas said nothing but closed his eyes. He leaned forward and rested his forehead against Dean’s good shoulder. They moved slowly next to the bed and Dean shifted his hand to slip under the fabric of Cas’s—
Dean pulled the plug and Cas looked around, confused as the water drained around them, slowly revealing Cas’s backside and cock.
The three of them each had their own pint of ice cream in front of them, helping to keep the mood light.
They occasionally had small spats or downright shouting matches, just like any other couple, but they were usually resolved by the end of the day with them whispering their declarations of love in bed, or on a table, or on the back patio couch, or on the inside couch, or on the armchair, or really anywhere they happened to be at the time where they could comfortably get at each other underneath those layers, clothes, any anxieties that were pushing their emotions to an unfavorable level.
Gratitude and disbelief flooded Dean as he automatically leaned forward to catch Cas in a kiss. He wished stronger words than “Thank You” existed—the excitement coursing through his body didn’t match that sentiment. The gratitude ran deeper than a simple “Thank You”.
Dean finally moved forward, trying not to look at Benny’s face, but sat next to him in thought, trying to piece together what could have happened. He had no information to go off of, he had only left them for thirty minutes at that bar.
The argument had kicked off when Michael returned home that afternoon, a week and a half after the cookout at Dean’s. Cas had been reading in the study in between texting with Dean when Michael plopped a ring box down on the end table.
of them, but Dean could only speak for himself and as to what Cas told him when it came to reasons why.
He had intended on getting to business as they crossed the threshold but stopped one step into the cabin as the space unfolded before him.
it but since Thursday night, three little words that held colossal weight and meaning had nestled themselves deep inside him.
After seeing the three photos waiting for him and Dean’s ominous text that followed, Cas finally excused himself to the bathroom.
He didn’t try to figure out what to say to her—but her recount of the vague timeline discounted a theory he had on what happened.
All Dean could think of was that hesitation, the question of trust, and when the music had finally faded from his car’s radio signal, the questions grew in volume.
Cas paused, watching as clouds passed by outside his window. His room had started to feel like confinement.
“That doesn’t help,” Dean eventually answered. “He’s still from that family—and you know them, you know what they did. I’ve known Cas for such a short amount of time–”
But something happened as Cas grew older that placed a large, unscalable brick wall right in the middle of his path. The future he had been taking steady steps to had suddenly cut off with no other avenues for Cas to take.
However, Cas, bored, eventually moved away from Dean’s side and went out to the car to retrieve the four gifts. The fire began to slowly spread onto the logs as Dean’s heart rate picked up. Cas came back in and left the gifts in a pile next to Dean with the one containing the key on top.
Cas rambled thanks to that drink (which took forever for him to finish), and Dean laughed. In the streetlight, Cas’s flushed face gave away any composure he tried to exude.
In the deeper part of himself, the one that held things he often wanted to ignore, the shit under lock and key, reminded Dean that in the back of his mind, he knew going into their adventure Sunday night that it wasn’t a normal one-night stand type of deal.
The next stop after they walked off the donut calories was Annie Mae’s candy booth. Dean said they had to go there before the sun melted everything together and made it taste like plastic.
Cas heard a loud sigh over the phone and he sat up straight, already feeling the dread surface again.
Each step, each level, came with some trepidation, and once the initial high wore off for both of them, the fear and paranoia would seep in, if only briefly, to keep them in check. They couldn’t ever enjoy unbridled celebration, not until they metaphorically paid their “trauma dues”, as Dean liked to call it.
A soft breathy laugh escaped Dean as he withdrew, tapping on Cas’s hip to turn over. Cas did so but winced as his cheek peeled against the sheets again.
At the time of withholding, your reasoning made sense. Fears of rejection and pain, not wanting to hurt someone yourself, lack of confidence behind your words because you had been told by others that they were wrong and all your feelings were not valid.
The discomfort didn’t come in his tie being too tight, or the fact that Cas kept angling himself while speaking with others, leading them to think he had a neck condition.
“This!” Sam pointed at Dean’s left hand. Dean caught a glimpse of the ring as he brought his hand back up to finish the cookie. It was an absolute damn
They could talk houses later Cas decided as he crossed the kitchen, past Dean without looking at him, and looked down the wide hallway. At the very end, he could see through a partially opened door a bathroom sink. He glanced back over his shoulder to Dean with a reassuring smile.
But Dean didn’t want to acknowledge that there would be no chance. Some small part wanted something to change.
“Because you never shut up about him—let me finish,” Benny said. Dean looked back down at the table. “You were almost ready to move in with Lisa and you gave serious consideration with Cassie—I mean that was the whole reason we had gone to that party in the first place.”
Dean almost slammed the breaks when he wondered when Michael figured it out. Was it before Cas left for the cabin? Was he stuck inside that house?
“They put up a tree in advance,” Cas said, as they brought in the groceries, a small smile on his face.
“I guess I’m always just nervous I’m gonna wind up like that. He drank himself to death over it all.”
The laughter and smiles died down and the kitchen filled with echoes of laughter from the party outside along with the bass of the sound system.
Dean had left Cas a novelty shirt depicting an officer worker unbuttoning his shirt like Superman, revealing a rainbow shirt underneath made of sequins. Also left behind was a headband with two rainbows on springs sticking out of it and novelty sunglasses with frames cut in the shape of flowers.
The store was always dead on a Thursday afternoon, and Dean was done with work at two, so it was always an ideal time to sail down the aisles, trying to save as much as he could on food.
“Well, I can take you home then,” Dean offered. As soon as the words left his mouth he wanted to take them back, his brain kicking him for inviting Cas to stay too close to him for nearly another hour, this time with no club-goers to distract themselves with.
They drove south out of town as the sun began to set. The snow that had fallen two days prior had hardly melted even under the afternoon sun, and practically glowed in the fading light. Dean chanced a quick glance over at Cas who had his head turned the other way, watching as they passed homes, also filled to capacity with people, a store, the roadhouse—
Several years back, when Dean had to give in to the fact he was both attracted to women and men, he rationalized it by saying the dates would be with woman, and random, one night stands would be with men.
“How did you get Michael to listen to you?” Cas asked, voice quiet just in case Michael had decided to emerge from his office and seek Cas out.
happy—just—it was only until you had gone this morning I was thinking to myself for a couple of hours just how insane it is that I’m still saying that, like—you’d think I would have gotten used to the fact that I
“I think—“ Michael began, adjusting himself in his chair, but Cas stood up, almost knocking over a lamp and Michael’s drink. Michael swore, retrieving his glass and moving it away from Cas. “What the hell’s the matter with you? Sit down.”
“Nah, nah nah nah,” Dean interrupted Cas, covering his mouth with his hand, “I don’t even want to know. I just want to let you know that with that kind of money, you could probably buy the entire state of Maine.
Sam had mentioned that he had left a hidden ring behind in the apartment, “probably burnt to hell now”, and had intended to propose on her upcoming birthday. That was all Sam revealed, he didn’t go into specifics, and Dean didn’t ask questions. He knew better than that.
After a long while, Castiel and the rest who had to “prepare” were finally called down to the battlefield, a point on Earth that had already begun to decay, the change spreading outward at a rapid pace. Birds took off from the trees, retreating to other save havens that would soon also be consumed by the sheer amount of Angelic power that Earth couldn’t handle. Animals ran from the area, their cries of distress filling the air, growing faint as they tried to outrun their inevitable outcome. The humans would likely soon follow.
Cas sighed and glanced at the fire. He had been cut off from his family for a year and didn’t have all that money saved up, all of his accounts belonging also to his family. His work as a tax accountant wasn’t glamorous and didn’t pay all that much, certainly not enough to keep up the lifestyle he was accustomed to. There had been points in the year that Dean had known him that Cas found himself in an almost dire financial state.
“Michael had indicated that you two only knew each other for a little over a month,” Sheriff Mills eventually said, “There’s bound to be things about each other you still don’t know.”
“How did the conversation with Jack go?” Dean asked after a few minutes of silence, sounding nervous breaking the silence as he picked at a loose thread on the comforter.
Cas guessed that Garth would actually be the first one because “He just seems like the kind of person to always notice something happy before anyone else.”
Sure enough, the property owners did in fact cut down an evergreen tree and left a box with a note next to it: “Decorate as you please! A Very Merry Christmas to you and yours!”
She didn’t text him for the rest of the day, and Cas had been sure she would tell Zachariah or Michael, which would prompt questions that Cas didn’t have answers to.
, Dean had bemoaned, flicking through the pants, “I feel like I’m a middle-aged dad.” Cas had smiled while picking a pair for himself, “You
He wasn’t alone in his mission as he practically dragged Benny with him, promising a few rounds of drinks afterward. And Lee would be there, earning some extra money as a for-rent bartender so at least there would be one friendly face.
Once inside the kitchen, Dean went straight for Garth’s cookie tin, delighted to find some sugar ones left. He stuck one in his mouth and turned around, trying not to laugh at Sam’s too-serious expression.
Back at the bar for the second time that day, Dean sat in the same corner booth with the same drink in hand.
“And then you came, and I still—I wouldn’t allow myself to go anywhere near this kind of future with a ten foot pole,” Dean continued with a deep sigh, “It was easier to accept nothing was gonna come out of my trying, which is why it took me—which is why I just learned to keep my mouth shut. I couldn’t get hurt if I didn’t put myself out there to get hurt. You know? And I think that all came back when I bought this.”
Stay in Worthington, fighting against Michael and Zachariah and by default, Cas; dragging himself through court, just to protect what he never thought he had to defend in the first place.
Michael didn’t lash out, not then, and actually sat and listened. Cas didn’t divulge the full truth that caused him to change his mind, and just to placate Michael’s anger, said he would still look for jobs in the church. But it was a lie.
“Dean,” Cas said, trying to get his attention. Dean swallowed hard and looked back up, blinking to try and stop tears from forming. “What exactly is it you’re afraid of?”
“Yeah… we all went out tonight and Dean told us that he was getting second thoughts about the plans, but was too afraid to tell you,” Lee said, sounding too casual, sounding too matter-of-fact. Cas frowned. “He said he’d try calling you tonight, but I guess he couldn’t do it. He can be a little bit of a coward sometimes. Maybe he was going to in the morning.”
Cas smiled as Dean pressed his mouth against the corner of Cas’s jaw, breathing shallow with short gasps thrown in. It wasn’t anything special, but under the circumstances,
The door closed behind him and Dean turned around, seeing Cas hesitate in the doorway. All the pent up energy since Friday waited for Dean’s signal, ready to rush out of the gate.
It advertised itself as a gay club, male-only, drag performances on Sunday and Wednesday nights. Cas picked it because it was the first on the list that had a rating higher than three stars. He called an Uber to take him to Kansas City 45 minutes away and he was going to experience something
The cabin stood stoic in the dark, huddled near another one that also looked like it hadn’t been touched in years. Across the street, near the back of the cabin, was another one, slightly large that had a small porch light on, illuminating the numerous potted plants covering the deck and steps.
There were maybe thirty people back there, all with some kind of alcoholic drink in their hands or nursing a red Solo cup. The music echoed throughout the yard as a loud, guitar-riff-ridden song from a couple of decades ago. None of the lawn furniture matched, and there was an above-ground pool that several people were hanging onto the side of, talking to others standing on the grass. The grill nearby had already been lighted and the food was ready to go.
Dean shook his head and sighed, looking over to the woodpile in the other corner, “Gave her to my brother. He didn’t really want anything from the house but he always liked that angel so—”
The next day, Dean showed up with the belt and got to work, ignoring Reynolds as the man stared at him.
All the options, only one of them good, continued to tumble around in his head. And he became increasingly more aware that no one else would choose for him, or give him a divine sign that pointed him in the right direction.
“No, wait—“ Dean cut Cas off, his brain trying to catch up to what just happened. Cas sounded much more confident than he did two days ago.
“Oh,” was all Cas said as his mouth brushed Dean’s ear, causing Dean to shiver. He took a moment to gather himself, hands moving toward the button on Cas’s jeans.
“I know you say I have nothing to be sorry for, but I do. I’m sorry that I dumped all of this on your shoulders, I’m sorry I made my problems yours, I’m just sorry.”
“Not—always, or at least not really thinking about it too much, until I started wondering how far this would go.”
Dean walked into the fitting room, divided into six stalls on either side with two larger ones for those folks with disabilities at the end. The gaps at the bottom were just as large as the ones at the other store a few years ago. They really wouldn’t be able to hide if someone came in.
“Yes, sometimes a little too good,” he answered, turning onto his side with one arm under the pillow. Cas mirrored the position. “How did that happen?”
But as the gate unlatched and they both walked onto the little stone path to the backyard, everyone in their little groups waved and smiled in greeting.
Dean mused on the expression on Castiel’s face as Michael pushed him out, remembering it wasn’t aimed at him once he learned who Dean was—it was for Michael, his own family.
“Dean. Dean jumped me at South Hill and ran like the coward he and his entire family are,” Michael spat. The officers said nothing, continuing to fill out their paperwork while their radios beeped.
“No it’s not. But it doesn’t matter,” Dean explained, trying to keep his tone even. He didn’t want a lecture about needing a wife at home to cook food or anything. “A partner is a partner and I’m lucky and grateful, I have one.”
It took all of Dean’s effort to not look at the corner of the library where the ring he bought sat, tucked behind some books, causing them to stick out slightly. He’d to somehow get it without drawing notice to himself—but the fact that Dean didn’t know
Cas actually enjoyed those older movies and shows Dean would throw at him. At first, Dean had just figured Cas was indulging him but after the fourth or fifth one, it became clear that Cas did in fact like doing nothing else with his time at night whenever they had that chance.
“I’m meeting Zachariah for wedding details, I’ll be back later,” Michael said, walking past Cas without a glance.
“You’d have to ask him that for any concrete answer,” Cas said, but smiled, “However, I think it safe to assume that yes, he is.”
“No,” Cas answered, Dean pleased to hear his voice waver a little as he slipped his fingers between Cas’s hip and the waistband of his jeans. “But I know you have.”
“Yes, I am—are you?” Cas asked, already knowing the answer. If Dean wasn’t “good” he wouldn’t have been there, half on top of him and trying to shift even closer.
Dean finally sighed and looked Cas straight in the eye, the frown still in place accompanied by either fear or sadness—at that point, Cas couldn’t bring himself to care.
“I’ve been afraid of stepping out of line my whole life, and it took meeting you to realize that I don’t have to do everything I’m told.”
Dean couldn’t get the key card in thanks to his unsteady hand, so Cas gently took it from him, slid it in, and opened the door.
Cas and the Sergeant stared at each other for a moment before she sighed, took off her hat, and placed it on the empty bed next to her.
That morning, as he tried to wake up, feeling Cas wake behind him, Dean tried his damndest to pretend they were somewhere else. Anywhere else; pretending it wasn’t his room in his family’s home, wasn’t in Worthington—they were on their own, in their own space—
Cas couldn’t get over how quickly Dean could stoke the fire and cause Cas to forget everything else that wasn’t them.
Dean finished the skittles and leaned over to toss the wrapper into the garbage bin shaking his head. The guy was a little strange, but also pretty interesting—who spends that much money on that much schooling only to call it boring?
Dean tried not to put the cart before the horse and think the ring was for him but as he leaned against the pillar by the counter, too buzzed to sit, his mind immediately began throwing off imaginary scenarios of some kind of proposal.
Dean twisted the tap and adjusted it as needed. He didn’t want boiling water but something hot enough to seep deep into him. Anything to worry the knots in his muscles away.
They had to travel to Bloomington, Illinois after helping out on a hunt just outside of Chicago. Two hunters in Bloomington needed a book that only the Bunker carried, but Dean and Cas had to stop in Chicago first on a last-minute call.
The people at the other tables paid Cas no attention as he walked by, but he did almost bump into one as his eyes focused on three men on the dance floor, pressed against each other with lazy smiles on their faces, moving easily with the beat of the music.
But the fire crashed over him again and the question couldn’t finish itself, its voice fizzling out completely.
The first thing Zachariah did as he walked into the study was wink at Cas, a smug smile on his face. Cas bit his cheek and looked down at his lap, taking a deep breath. He wanted to scream.
Cas obeyed and carefully climbed up the ladder, looking down to the water sparkling in the sunlight. Dean turned around, still watching him. As Cas descended, the cold hit him like a punch to the chest and knocked him breathless for a moment.
“What about you?” Castiel asked, stopping to plop a box of Raisin Bran in his cart like an 80-year-old.
He thought of the good times and the bad after their initial meeting all those years ago. Cas wouldn’t trade any of the experiences for the world, not if it meant giving up what he had now — but he couldn’t reflect. The nostalgia didn’t bring him a sense of comfort, but a sense of unease. It seemed lifetimes ago when Cas pulled Dean out of Hell and it seemed lifetimes ago when Dean pulled him out of the Empty — even though it was only six months ago — and yet Cas still couldn’t shake the feeling that place gave him.
They had told him Benny would look gruesome. Those weren’t the exact words, but Dean got the point well enough. In a way, he was almost relieved. The entire 30 minutes it took to drive there, Dean had been convinced Cas would be the one laying in bed with the severe injuries.
Cas handed Dean a towel, and promptly moved under the spray, determined to take what was the fastest shower of his life. He saw Dean watching him but Cas didn’t put a show on. The clock continued its countdown in his head.
Trying not to let guilt overrun him, Cas took his phone and typed down in his notes app both Benny and Lee’s name with a reminder.
“Let’s go in,” Cas said, ignoring his own fear in lieu of having Dean’s support. His brain unhelpfully tried to recall the nightmares he’s had since returning from the Empty but Cas forced them aside. The fear that things still weren’t “real” lessened day after day, week after week, as Cas stayed around Dean and the rest of their family — how it was supposed to be.
Dean sucked in a deep breath through his nose and pressed his lips together to keep himself from surging forward and onto Cas’s lap.
Dean felt strapped to a meteor that was about to crash without anyone able to stop it. He could only watch helplessly as the moment came hurtling toward him.
Dean spent most of the morning trying to figure how he’d go about things, still without a plan, and wondered if he would just wing it when his phone rang.
“What? What will you do to me? I can tell her anything I want, especially if she’s going to be my wife,” Cas almost choked on the word wife.
Cas paused to think about why until he remembered seeing Gray Real Estate signs on for sale houses around town while driving Hannah around.
Before he could turn around and leave, he heard footsteps, followed by: “I’m guessing you didn’t like the crab cakes if you have to steal their Doritos.”
But looking at the shirt, Cas had doubts. There was lighthearted ‘different’ and then there was whatever this was.
Cas recalled the videos left on his computer, not touched since he decided to move back to Kansas. Heat flooded his face as sighed.
Dean and Cas concluded that, at least for the time being, to make sure they weren’t outside when he’d usually slip by for a walk. Thankfully, they learned quickly from Gerry at the roadhouse that Reynolds usually takes a walk around five in the morning, and it’s only on days when he has a rough time getting out of bed he’d walk by any later.
Because once he did, he couldn’t pretend that what he saw wasn’t actually Cas dying, but just some fakery meant to throw him off his game.
Something was on the tip of Dean’s tongue but Cas still didn’t prompt him. He said what he had to say already.
As far as Dean was concerned, and as far as he could compare, it already surpassed any level of pure want he had for someone in quite some time, if not ever. Those just felt like the honorary first step that traditionally always happened in relationships.
Cas said nothing but mirrored half of Dean’s smirk before pushing himself away and up onto his feet. Dean watched as Cas traveled out of the bathroom, across the hallway, and into their bedroom, grabbing the bottle of lube off the bedside table.
Dean finally pressed against Cas the best he could and kissed him with no playfulness or teasing—none of that now. The day had started horrible for Cas and only a few hours earlier he had been certain every moment of happiness he gathered since coming home would be ripped away from him.
Dean took a moment to finish his drink and set his bottle on the ground. If this were any other person, he’d probably lie and still tell Benny or Lee or Charlie or Stevie—because who didn’t like a good bit of gossip?
Dean stood, ears ringing slightly, and grabbed the container of rolls and the bag, rushing to the corner. As he got there, he told himself—forced himself—to chill out. Cas was an adult—no one kidnapped him, he had nothing of value on him, and they were in a crowded mall with thousands of people. Plus, they could fight, Cas could fight, even without special cosmic powers.
He understood the history; it was one of the first things he looked up once he began questioning his upbringing and own identity, and he was grateful for those who had fought for their rights, his rights—but he never connected with it. He had his own battle to wage with himself and his family a few years ago and when he won, Cas had hoped to enjoy his victory, not be reminded every year about it.
Dean backed away into the crowd, eyes wide, heart still racing but now with a different kind of adrenaline.
The crowd began to thin about a half-hour after Dean left, dwindling down to only a handful of folks. The bar had to close early that night for a “special event” in the morning (a poker game that Benny always dominated).
When they looked at the clock and saw the time, Cas felt the first cracks in their reality begin. They couldn’t stay in bed forever, though Cas gave the thought sincere consideration.
“You had that ‘want’ before,” Dean continued, “You had already bought a ring once. You saw yourself there at the end of an aisle with friends and maybe family there. To me, it seemed easy for you to snap back into it once you found someone again. I was never there, Sammy. And that’s what I told Cas tonight as well. This—” Dean gestured around him, “—wasn’t ever in the card and we eventually learned just
Dean stood in the doorway and watched as Cas turned, undoing his belt. Cas stopped halfway through and looked up at Dean.
Dean didn’t wait for an answer before he let go of Cas’s hand and stepped into the building with the flashlight. Cas caught glimpses of the tables and some of the spray-painted symbols that Dean and Bobby created at the time, thinking Cas was some kind of demon or monster.
Cas showed up at Dean’s precisely at 8 p.m. after what was possibly the longest afternoon of his life.
“I won’t disagree with you on that one.” Dean never understood where things went too wrong between them all and didn’t care to find out but as he got older, he saw how the Charlestons especially treated his father. That’s when he paid attention.
Dean seemed to pick up on the signals because he kept Cas’s gaze as he stuck his tongue out and licked around his mouth.
Obeying, Dean turned on his knee and stood as slowly as he could, fearful of what he’d find behind him.
They were only on the road for an hour before Dean sat up straight in the passenger seat, looking intently at the passing road signs.
Dean obeyed and stopped moving, finally allowed Cas to catch up. Dean squeezed Cas’s hand, reassuring him of their safe space as they kissed. They didn’t move much, just needing some kind of additional contact to ground themselves; to ground Cas that night, Dean on other nights; Just staying still, breathing each other in and reminding each other where they were, how they got there, and how it will be going forward always helped steady the mind and heart, often racing against each other.
“Because it’s a Christmas present from someone you love? Wait—” Jack frowned, looking up at Cas, “How come you got presents already?”
He followed Dean, shook some hands, and smiled back at people, remembering to omit his last night. They smiled back with warmth and welcome and it actually caused Cas some sadness to think that he had never experienced this level of kindness or hospitality in his life.
As Dean parked, he looked to the left for an unobstructed view of the water. The moon glistened and danced on the surface of the lake every time the wind blew.
“Did I put it low enough that time?” Dean grinned, looking down. They couldn’t see it through the water, but the first thing Cas did when he woke up Friday looked at it in the morning light. It looked even better in the mirror.
Dean wanted to instantly shove Michael backward into the chair and table behind him but stopped. Michael’s warning from a month ago, inside the country club, echoed back to him: One more fuck up and you’re gonna be in lock up for the rest of your life.
He tried to do it because that marriage, that connection between the families, gave Zachariah unbridled protection.
Cas tried not to frown in response — he knew Dean wouldn’t be happy — but he had hoped Dean wouldn’t make a scene.
Cas didn’t want to sleep—he wanted this to happen ten, twenty more times that night, as many times as needed to commit Dean’s desperate, eager face to memory.
“Did all the work without me?” Cas asked, glancing at the rest of Dean’s body stretched out in the tub. The bubbles were still mostly there—he had to have only been dozing for a few minutes.
Finally, Dean sighed and moved to lay down next to Cas, looking absolutely wild. His hair was completely mused, cheeks red, and mouth a little swollen. But, a bright spark remained in his eyes and he had a small smile on his face.
But Dean was jealous, would probably always be jealous. He felt a sharp tug in his chest whenever Charlie talked about Stevie, one of the tour guides at Dino-Park two towns north in Pascona. Charlie knew who she was.
“That looks familiar,” Dean said as he walked through the archway over to the table, a small smile on his face.
“Okay, I’ll be in my room. Call me down when he gets here,” Cas responded, tossing the chips onto the shelf and shutting the pantry door. He swiped his phone off the table as he passed Michael, determined to not look at him, heart racing again.
“I took the telescope out again,” he said, trying to keep his expression even and not breathe too hard or even blink too much. “There was supposed to be a meteor shower.”
He ordered a pound of fudge, four large candy necklaces which Cas eyed suspiciously, and some sachets of Fun Dip.
“I know who you are, Dean,” the man said, sounding amused, almost joking. Dean frowned, still trying to breathe steadily.
After his half of the rolls were gone, and scrolling on his phone for another few minutes, Dean looked back up at the crowd, still not seeing Cas.
Cas woke Christmas morning, Dean’s lamp still on, a little too warm as Dean plasted himself against Cas’s back. They had only gone to sleep a couple hours prior, intent on burning off some of that hot energy, but Cas didn’t sleep well. Laying there, half awake, he grabbed his phone, his ring reflecting some of Dean’s light, and checked the time.
It didn’t work. Benny and Lee took Dean’s admission in stride with no problems, and yet Dean spent most of the day wondering why he didn’t invite Cas. It would have been last minute but the guy could use another day in the sun.
Turning the words over in his head, Cas waited, braced for the sadness to creep in, the bitter taste of abject failure—
The messages were no longer those of casual conversation or pictures of food or whatever thing Dean was doing at that time. He instead decided to relive their night together in graphic, unrelenting detail which did nothing to help Cas stave off those corresponding images in his head.
Dean didn’t need telling twice this time. He moved immediately, easing past Castiel who cup close looked even more pissed off than Dean realized.
Castiel did what he was told to do and repeated the truth he knew to a bewildered Dean. Castiel ignored the reaction and didn’t provide any additional information. Dean didn’t need it, wasn’t owed it, and Castiel didn’t care enough to explain it.
He managed to find a higher collared shirt with a casual jacket, already missing the t-shirt as he searched for a tie. It felt like a rope around his neck with someone behind him ready to push.
“I told her maybe. And then she kissed me,” Cas said, grimacing at the twitch of annoyance in Dean’s jaw.
But they did, by some miracle and Dean threw a towel at him before turning to open the back door. He hesitated a moment, glancing back at Cas before pushing through.
There, sitting in a nestled bed of tinsel was the house key that mirrored Dean’s. It sat gleaming by the fire’s light, untouched by hands other than Dean’s as he put it in there.
Cas answered Dean silently, moments away from snapping. This didn’t feel like the other two times. Cas
They both didn’t care at that point who outlasted who—Dean picked up the pace, and Cas tugged on his hair sporadically, conjuring up more moans and more vibrations.
Also to hopefully find something edible because he hated the food out at the party, and Michael conveniently forgot Cas was allergic to shellfish.
“Michael seems to want—” Cas cleared his throat, still staring at the ground. “He wants me to get married to a nice young woman, and by wants I mean… he’s basically forcing me to do it. He told me the second day I was back.”
“How much more enthusiastic can I be?” he asked, breathless with a wide smile on his face, “That’s a very kind thing to ask me and I wish I had a stronger word for ‘yes’ than ‘yes’ but—”
But once the car filled with silence, a patiently waiting tidal wave of doubts flooded Dean’s mind once more, forcing him to only think about the bag in the backseat which contained few gifts for each other. Nestled in there was a medium-sized box which disguised a smaller box which disguised an even smaller box that contained the object causing all of Dean’s distress. When he had wrapped it, the idea seemed so perfect and he couldn’t get the image out of his head of Cas’s face lighting up by the fireplace when they unwrapped everything—
At the end of the day, the fact remained that he was able to sit down and have a decent conversation with a Charleston. They didn’t know each other’s actual identity at the time, but it was still the only bright spot out of that day.
Before Dean could utter another word, an inky black overtook Cas, starting with his face, wrapping around his neck, creeping down into the sheets. It spiraled up Cas’ arm with a hiss, lacing over itself, eventually reaching his hand on Dean’s face.
“Ready?” Dean asked, sliding into the driver’s seat, flashing Cas a grin. There was comfort in knowing Cas’s nerves seemed to match Dean’s.
But once the person intended to hear those words leaves, the reasons seem superficial and easy to move past. You’re angry at yourself for not having the wherewithal to push past those small barriers and say what should have been said.
The next time they saw him was a month later as he went on another walk and they were busy painting the porch. He stopped by the house to stare at them for too long to be comfortable before sniffing again and continuing to walk.
Looking at Cas in the eyes at other parts of the day as they drove to Dodge City wrenched up the image of what his face looked like as Dean laid him down on that table. Illogical hope that plagued Dean wouldn’t go away and he remained next to that table, just waiting for Cas’s eyes to open because someone, somewhere up there was going to fix it.
Cas didn’t want to go back to town—but Dean’s eyes had lit up, regaining that bright spark in them when Cas floated the idea of going back to get the telescope. It was the first pure measure of happiness Cas had seen in several days from Dean, and he couldn’t say no to that.
“Nothing to feel guilty over. He’s the boss,” Cas said, sounding strained. Any other night, Dean’s concern over Cas’s despondent attitude would grow, but it practically made him giddy at this point. As soon as the “yes!” flies out of Dean’s mouth, Cas’s face will light up like a Christmas tree, and Dean couldn’t wait.
Dean followed as the anticipation that had started a week and a half ago starting to kick back up again.
Dean nodded, smiling as he stopped in front of Cas, using his free hand to finish sliding the belt free from the buckle, pulling it out through the loops.
And now those nights kept replaying in his head while he walked along the highway under the sun as he was supposed to be searching for--what exactly? He momentarily forgot why they were there.
The Charlestons were both widely revered and equally hated in the town of Worthington. Those who hated them had good reasons to. The Charlestons were real estate developers who liked to prey on rural inhabitants.
On the second Hannah date post-cookout, Cas snapped a photo of his plate that arrived as Hannah excused herself to the bathroom. Dean replied back that he was going to remake it right then and there, and sure enough, 30 minutes later, a photo message had come through of the same exact dish that somehow looked much more appetizing. Hannah had asked Cas what he was smiling at, and Cas just mumbled something about a funny comic someone sent him.
You may have seen the loss coming, or it could have come out of nowhere—it doesn’t matter. The desperate grasping of final moments will always happen. There’s the need to remember the last time you saw them alive in front of you, but also the need to remember the last time they saw you in front of them, hoping they understood just how much you did love them and did care because you were
But Cas recalled the fear on Dean’s face as they talked in the pool, the same kind of fear, nervousness, and self-doubt that showed itself when they talked in the kitchen.
But all anger and frustration from earlier had completely melted away by now, and Cas forced himself to focus only on one task.
It was even more depressing when Gabriel put it so bluntly. Not only was Cas being used for business but he was viewed as the thing that would cheapen someone and their family.
“St. Mary’s cemetery on the other side of town” Dean answered with a deep sigh. “He died last year.”
“And when I saw you buy that ring the other week, I honestly wanted to just jump you in the mall I was—it’s been
It wasn’t the first time Dean broke into the South Hill Country Club, but he knew that it would probably be his last.
“Holy shit,” he breathed in astonishment, mirroring the same reaction Cas had all those years ago when he took the telescope to the roof of his school and looked out for the first time.
With a boldness neither of them initially had in the hotel, Dean didn’t hesitate in removing all his clothing. He didn’t look at Cas as he made a show out of folding them and tucking them into the side of the truck bed. He hoisted himself up into the cab and kicked off his shoes and watched them fall into the dirt. Eventually, Dean sat cross-legged on the makeshift bed, smiling, waiting for Cas.
, and not on a constant fear of death or losing one another just after they were finally able to be together.
dad and fired him that day I think,” Dean continued, frowning at the memory. “I came home from school and he had thrown a few bottles against the wall—he was pissed.”
Any other time, any other circumstance, Dean would have loved news of the Charlestons getting their asses handed to them, rightfully so.
The second time, Dean’s fist collided with Michael’s nose with a sickening crunch. Michael jerked back, falling over another chair while he held his tie up to his nose to absorb some of the bleeding. Dean followed him to the ground and held him there by his shoulder, throwing another punch, making contact with Michael’s jaw. That one hurt Dean, but he didn’t care—it was a satisfying kind of pain.
Dean frowned and looked like he wanted to toss out a rebuttal but a loud, laughing group passed by them and they could hear distant music kick up. He closed his mouth, took Cas’s hand, and led them out of the lot.
Dean had wondered if, after that night, Castiel now hated him on principle due to lines already drawn in the sand. If Castiel was gone from Worthington for as much as he said, then it was very likely no one had ever told him about their history or if they did, not very well.
One of the things Dean would take away from this night was the confirmation that money doesn't equal happiness. Cas had no one in his life to talk to or confide in, he had no one that would listen as to why he stopped his future goals or to help sort through conflicting emotions. As far as Dean was concerned, Cas was just a pawn in his family’s game, and Cas knew it too.
“I don’t know how, but I will help you in any way I can. This… thing between your family and his can not get in the way of what sounds like a special thing. It’s not often I hear people talk about others like this, even after knowing them for years,” Joshua explained, “And if you do let it get in the way, then the only people who will suffer will be this poor girl, Dean, and yourself.
“Nah. I mean if you wanna bring soda you like or some chips. I’m the meat man,” Dean said with a smile but inwardly cringed at the words once they were out there. Jesus Christ.
“We have a bingo card?” Cas asked as he grabbed Dean’s hips, pushing slightly so Dean adjusted his stance, moving closer to the mirror.
It was a small scene, one that wasn’t unfamiliar to Cas, but something that provided him with that sense of love and happiness that had once eluded them all for so long.
He had claimed the night before that there were still several items on his list for Sam and Eileen, which immediately triggered Dean’s “bullshit” meter. In other years, Cas had gotten his shopping done before Thanksgiving, bragging about it whenever Dean had mentioned he still needed to figure things out a week before Christmas.
“You love me though,” he said, watching Cas withdraw a small packet of lube out of the back pocket of the discarded jeans.
“This morning,” Cas answered before drawing Dean in for a searing kiss that almost derailed Dean’s train of thought. Almost.
“No—I put the books back. I didn’t want to ruin the surprise completely,” Cas answered, frowning at Dean’s ring, which bore a great likeness to the other one—
“If you were just you, and he was just himself—would you be having this problem right now? If you were just two random, average guys, would you be freaking out as much as you are?”
Cas couldn’t help but hold his breath while he saw Dean work over the meaning of him staying in his head. The hope, the wish, the honest to God prayer going through Cas’s head that they were on the same page surged in him.
Cas saw Dean out the side garden gate, their plans solidified for the night, repeated several times just to make sure everything was set in place.
“Well–I’m not saying it until you—you say it,” Cas leaned into Dean, drawing him back into another kiss.
They did a good thing together, but the next few days would be full of high-highs and sporadic lows they’d have to pull each other out of.
Sometimes it was alright, but after the emotional night Cas and Dean had, Cas didn’t feel like prying into his inner self.
You start searching for the rewind button because there has to be one, just to make sure you can get everything out you meant to. But no button exists, and there’s no rectifying the fact some things had been left unsaid.
Hannah’s voice echoed in Cas’s head as he decided he should leave. He shouldn’t have come in the first place to just dump everything into Dean’s lap, expecting him to have an answer to it all.
Dean and Benny stared at Lee, waiting for him to elaborate. He glanced at them, then back down to the table.
Dean wanted to turn over, to look at Cas in the filtered light knowing that even in the grayness of the morning, his eyes would still be that addictive bright blue.
He pressed down, moving at a leisurely pace. Cas and Dean were flying blind in this department, but if that was the kind of reaction Cas could draw out, then maybe it wouldn’t be too difficult to navigate.
She kissed him on the cheek as she went into the house but he kept his eyes on Cas. He didn’t need to say it, Cas could already read it on his face:
If Cas were to step foot in a club like Paradise or continue looking at photos of a new friend like he had that evening, then the chances of returning to that path dwindled further and further.
“I had a dream, a really good one, and it just latched onto me and wouldn’t let go,” Dean explained, “I had to keep reminding myself that what it showed me wasn’t out of the realm of possibility anymore, and the only thing stopping me was me. But then after I bought it, just—everything came flooding back so I put it away until I felt like I could push all of it aside.”
Cas bit the inside of his cheek, trying not to say anything. Any other time, any other circumstance, maybe the stubbornness would be bracing, but—
Cas, struggling to concentrate, slid his hand back over Dean’s button and fly. He forced himself to pay attention as he undid the damn things. As Cas slipped a hand down the front of Dean’s boxer briefs, Dean emitted a breathy groan in Cas’s ear which in turn shot a bolt of excitement throughout Cas. Dean’s hips moved forward involuntarily as Cas gripped him, freeing him more from the constraints of the pants and underwear. He moved his hand, working to get Dean all the way hard.
But after two years, going onto three, the fear they would not make it together was gone. Instead of fading, their feelings only grew as they learned more and more about each other. There were no obstacles or third party instigators—
“So now you can understand the situation with Hannah. Even more than its consent conflict,” Cas said, voice quiet and sad.
“Seems a little fancy for dinner,” he said, also reaching out to touch it, “And it’s three hundred dollars.”
Dean hesitated, trying to gather the small amount of explanation he was able to cobble together in his head during the car ride back from Glen Elder.
His return came on the back of a failure, even with a Masters in his pocket. As soon as he arrived home Cas knew he’d be met with questions of “what’s next” and Michael trying to plan out the rest of his life, now that his future was void of a goal.
Meanwhile, Dean had consistently kept one part of himself locked in chains and thrown into the deepest part of his mind, never to see the light of day.
Despite being around each other for nearly two decades, despite even seeing Cas’s true form before he chose to give it up, despite seeing him do what he did all the time—Dean sometimes still had to take a moment to process how long of a life Cas had. He’d been there since the very beginning of… everything.
“I just — sometimes it just feels like you’re still in the closet,” Dean said, removing his hand from Cas’s to cup his chin, turning his head to the side, “Like sometimes you’re okay, but then other days like today you still seem so bottled up.”
“You’re passed out on the floor right now,” Cas explained, sadness lining every inch of his face once more.
Cas’s mind kept flashing back to the beginning the initial work on the house that week, with Dean bent over and his tongue sticking out slightly as he concentrated; another flash but this time Dean bringing in box after box of their stuff with his pants slipping down slightly; Dean laying
By Friday night, just before Hannah texted, Cas had been laying in bed, messaging Dean back and forth about nonsense. Several times he typed
Confident the fire would keep, Dean tossed aside the box of matches and stood. Before moving over to the couch, he pointed to the gifts.
“It’s okay—it’s going to be part of my life, so I guess I have to get used to talking about it like it already is.”
“Then, I don’t understand why it’s needed,” Jack said, gesturing to the ring, “If it changes nothing, then what’s the point?”
“Hey, can you come over here?” Dean asked, waving a hand. He didn’t really need help, but he figured it’d make Reynolds feel like he was useful for something. Plus — the man was ninety-four. He had to learn how to fix a tractor before he died.
But Dean refused to feel bad for leaving. Every time he wanted to turn back and walk inside, his mind threw up the image of Cas’s face lighting up when he heard Dean’s intentions.
Sometimes Dean went to mass, and sometimes he didn’t. The times he did, he behaved himself. Cas once asked what Dean prays for when they all have to bow their heads, but Dean didn’t tell him, telling him it was “a secret” but with that bright, playful spark in his eye. He also helped Cas at church functions with the food, putting to good use their kitchen they invested heavily in.
Those three little words sealed the deal as Dean fully pressed against Cas as they blew right past any additional tentative, explorative kisses and allowed their pent-up desperation take over.
The town was lucky in the sense they had a bar that opened from 10 a.m., lasting to 2 a.m. Dean wasn’t sure how they swung it, but like most things, he figured Michael was somehow involved. Dean had never needed to utilize the place’s early hours until that morning.
After an extended moment of silence, Cas finally looked back over to Dean, who initially appeared nervous as well before taking a deep breath, raising his eyebrows, and faking a yawn. He stretched as he passed Cas, heading toward the truck, his t-shirt riding up just enough to expose a sliver of skin.
All of the reasons that complied in his head and made up his decision was difficult for Dean to discern. He was lucky he was able to at least get some, if not all, of it out to Cas at Glen Elder in one go. But talking to Cas about everything was completely different than talking to Sam about it.
Wandering into the bathroom, he had never been more grateful than that afternoon that he had insisted they invest in a separate bathtub. The tub was big and deep enough to fit both of them comfortably, and came with two small pillow headrests to relax against. It felt like a little treat every time they took advantage of it. Dean never hid his desire for a bubble bath every now and then and it felt like an absolute prize that he could take one whenever he wanted now.
“Naw. It’s not,” Reynolds said with a chuckle. “I told my daughter about you, and she told me to grow the hell up.”
Cas ran a hand over his face in annoyance. Gabriel had teased him for the better part of six years about Cas’s wanting to be a priest.
“Yeah—I’m thinking about some house rules as we, you know, go forward,” Dean said, slowly walking into the room, glancing at the bed.
“I guess I can understand that,” Hannah commented with a small smile that didn’t reach her eyes, “I was halfway through business school when my uncle pulled me out.”
Dean thought about it for a moment. Sam wasn’t oblivious to his surroundings but with the busy nature of the holidays combined with packing for a trip he and Eileen were taking for New Years, he wasn’t paying that much attention to anything else—
It did alarm Dean how fast he went from lazily wondering about the “boy next door” (even if theoretically, that boy should be 100% off-limits), to—whatever it was he suddenly craved. It wasn’t like it had been months since he got laid or anything. He wasn’t seeking anything out purposefully.
Instinct alone told him Cas was not the kind of guy to throw that kind of thing back in Dean’s face, even if he didn’t feel the same way.
In the kitchen, Dean heard Cas open the box with some jingling and rustling of a tinsel bag. A moment later, the cabin filled with the voice Bing Crosby informing them that it’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas.
What Cas kept from Joshua and would never tell him was that Friday evening when Cas couldn’t help but stare at every inch of Dean’s photo, or when they were leaving and came across the scene in the alleyway,a scene that still snuck up on Cas when he let his guard down. He didn’t tell Joshua that for the last 36 hours he had been replaying that scene over and over in his head, replacing strangers with Dean.
But much like the country club, Michael knew to not get his hands dirty. If they had been alone in that room, maybe something would happen and Michael could claim self-defense. But there was a witness who, just judging by his expression, would not stand by his brother.
Dean watched as Cas walked down the road without so much as a single glance over his shoulder, passing under two streetlights. It wasn’t the sunlight, it wasn’t a rainbow dancing over him—just lamps and dull orange light guiding him back to the equivalent of prison.
“I’m flattered you think it’s gonna take that long,” Dean countered as Cas finally grabbed his hand and led him to a more secluded spot.
But he didn’t. He kept the adrenaline-fueled fantasy to himself as he hiked up his bag and walked out of the building without looking back.
Over the course of an hour, while staring at the ceiling, Cas moved closer and closer to his decision.
An unstoppable force met a once immovable object; all the barriers that had been systematically and intricately placed in Dean’s life to make it nearly impossible to ever have a reality, or future, with happiness and love, were shattered by Cas by sheer will power. It wasn’t ever supposed to happen, not according to—
As Zachariah rushed back to his car and drove off, the woman ran down her steps and over to an unmoving Dean.
“I’m sorry—are you for real?” Dean said, still keeping his voice quiet but unable to keep the words in his mouth.
His phone buzzed just as he decided to take another shower. With great effort, Dean rolled over to pick it up off his bed stand.
“No, I spoke with a friend of his,” Cas started. He had to sit down. Joshua sat back down too. “He said Dean decided he didn’t want to come with me anymore, and that he was supposed to have called me tonight but clearly didn’t feel like it. He said that Dean would probably call me tomorrow. And then he called him a coward.”
As Dean heard Michael take the final steps to walk into the kitchen, the sound mixed with the ones in Dean’s mind of jail bars closing in front of him.
Cas held his breath as he pushed forward and into Dean as slow as he possibly could. Dean tensed almost immediately and Cas stopped, arms shaking and his heart racing. Going slow was going to be very hard.
Over the years they had several “fresh air” trips which landed them always at Glen Elder park, about forty minutes away.
The music began and they all stood to begin mass. He glanced to the right to see which priest it was that Sunday and felt relief wash over him that it was Father Laurence. He had always been Cas’s favorite and the easiest to talk to about his problems.
“I’m all ears,” Dean smiled, but also hoping the conversation wouldn’t last too long. He needed Cas on top of him before he took care of business himself again.
He frowned and glanced at his phone again for the time. Cas had been gone nearly ten minutes and the bathroom was only just down the hall.
The morning after Dean’s encounter with Michael at South Hill, he had received a text from his girlfriend saying they “had to talk”. Dean, already coming off of the adrenaline high from the previous night and operating on 3 hours of sleep, felt the earth drop from under him.
Cas couldn’t shake the image of Dean licking the sugar and kept giving him side glances. Every time he looked, he saw Dean’s cheeks flushed, and Cas was sure it wasn’t because of the heat.
“I don’t get it—you said were gonna become a priest. Priests can’t get married. What was Michael gonna do in that case?”
As he turned the key, he looked up through the windshield onto the road. No one. Holding his breath, he looked in his rearview mirror. Also no one.
“You did all that work and—?” Dean started and immediately quieting himself as Castiel looked over to him with that intense stare that caused Dean to wonder if he crossed the line with this stranger.
He hadn’t moved from his bed in nearly a half-hour. Once Cas had left earlier, Dean meandered back into the house in a daze. The energy of the place shifted, but he couldn’t determine how.
With the fish in place and a little tap on his carving for good luck, Dean moved into the garage where the golf carts sat. Three cameras guarded the space, but Dean was able to hide behind shelves just to the right of the doorway. The cameras didn’t turn to get a full picture so he didn’t have to keep waiting for them to swivel away before unscrewing the caps on the tires.
“Your phone was in your back pocket when you said you had to go get it,” Cas said, a smile still on his face.
Two months prior, when Jack stopped by for a few days, Dean quietly slipped out and drove to the jewelers in Red Cloud. A smaller, less fancier place but it had engravings as part of the package and Dean walked away with a gold band with their names inscribed on the inside with the date they first “met”.
“Keep going,” Dean murmured, pulling mere millimeters away from Cas’s lips and grabbing Cas’s hands. He guided them back to the front of his pants as he got to work on a spot just below Cas’s ear.
With Cas' back turned, Dean finished the job and discarded the last of his clothing, kicking his boxers off to the side.
all day. Forget about the parade and the glitter and the rainbows—this was the perfect way to celebrate Pride.
One night, after Cas had asked to confirm the date of their trip to the Ozarks, Dean panicked, thinking he would have to wait until July to see that ring—but Cas just had to tell Jack the dates were different that year.
Cas’s phone dinged a few times in a row, and they both turned to look at it. It rested on the table, close to Michael.
He sat Cas down on the other side of the dining room table, together but apart, and sat straight up, like someone stuck a pole in his back. The look in his eyes already told Cas that it wasn’t going to be good news and that he wouldn’t be able to say no.
They both laughed, pushing out any last remnants of hesitancy on either of their parts. They had an endless horizon opened up to them with all the options they needed.
But he couldn’t. Dean knew if he turned over and willingly subjected himself to that piercing stare, all while being worked over by exceptionally talented hands, then he’d spill all the half-cooked beans.
The main road Dean drove on veered split into two dirt roads, one that took him to a secondary road and one that would take him to the lakefront properties. Dean continued straight, hugging the lake and wincing every time he heard a rock throw itself against his car.
Charlie, Stevie, and Lee took to him faster than Benny, who just sat on the sidelines while they all made conversation. Most everyone else at the party were friends of friends or customers that he usually played cards with or had a drink with and unless Cas wanted to, Dean decided not to haul him around to introduce everyone. Cas didn’t seem to mind.
“Hannah likes you, Cas, she likes you. You two will be happy together. There's literally nothing wrong with her,” Michael stated as if it were an undeniable fact. “The only person fighting this is you.”
“I have a confession,” he said, sounding like he should be guilty of something but the hungry expression on his face gave that play away.
Cas' let go of Dean’s hips and used one hand to brace himself against the wall as he leaned in closer, taking Dean in his other hand, grip loose but effective.
“It’s just — I don’t feel connected to Pride,” Cas explained, watching the birds sit on the branch outside their living room window, “I don’t… I don’t know why I need to do all of that to celebrate my life. Being with you and just existing is enough for me.”
Cas ran a hand up the jacket along Dean’s back, over his shoulders, and down his arms. Dean watched, mesmerized as the sequins flipped from the iridescent black to a silver.
When he had been walking down the road, Dean couldn’t see a light on in any of the rooms, hoping one he got to the other side he could tell which one was Cas’s room.
“That doesn’t look too bad,” Cas said, not meeting Dean’s eyes in the mirror but once again staring at everything else. They both watched as Cas' hands drifted around to the front of Dean, dipping his fingertips just below the waistband of his boxers. Dean held his breath as Cas stopped mere millimeters away from where Dean
The three of them had the day trip to the lake planned for a few weeks, but after his conversation with Cas the other day after everyone from the cookout left, Dean decided that he would finally tell his friends what was going on.
Dean kept his eyes open as long as he could to take in the blue light, trying to use it to anchor him to the
They lost themselves in the moment and Cas wondered if they really were about to go again. But Dean pulled away eventually, dashing thought.
Dean felt a shiver run through him as he swung around, asking for a refill. Cas stayed completely still.
“Here you are, and you don’t have to pay,” the bartender said as Cas pulled out his wallet. When Cas frowned in confusion, the bartender pointed down the counter to—
While out front retrieving bags of ice for the cooler, a familiar black range rover turned slowly into the driveway. Tires crunched over the gravel as the music out back continued its pace, and Dean looked up to see Castiel trying to park the thing off to the side so as not to block any potential way out.
Without another word, Cas took Dean into his mouth. Slow at first, Cas kept moving forward until Dean was most of the way in. He paused for a moment, trying not to smile with his mouth full as Dean mumbled swear words under his breath.
On it were illustrated figures on horseback with grand mountains in the background. Emblazoned in bright red, old-country text: “Flat Creek Ranch”.
“Stanford. He was always a smart ass and now he’s paying thousands of dollars to get it written on a piece of paper,” Dean laughed.
The place he had lived in all his life held seldom good memories for him. On one of the last trips out to the car, Dean stopped by a section of the kitchen wall that led into the entryway. There, a mark had remained from several years prior, when his dad threw a glass bottle at him after finding the messages on his phone.
Dean succeeded in his self-control and they finished tossing tinsel onto the branches in relative silence as the record switched through two and a half more songs.
Hookups were fun and quick and lasted a night with no real memories. Going to a field to look at stars and sleep in the back of the car together was not a hookup. It wasn’t a quick thing then bing, bang, boom, you’re done. It’s a morning after with no quick escape; it’s a night with no exit plan if you didn’t like the person.
Dean narrowed his eyes, suspicious, but at the same time, he also knew how much this Christmas had to mean to Cas. It was the first one really on his own. Last Christmas, Cas had moved into his apartment and didn’t have time for decorating, and just by him giving Dean snapshots of his upbringing, it sounded like Cas’s Christmas with his well-to-do family was more of a strained event than a merry one where no one decorated. They instead paid people to do it for them.
Before he could put it on, Cas’ hands reached up, sliding under the shirt and lifting it up enough to press his mouth just above Dean’s navel. For his part, Dean almost dropped the jacket as his brain short circuited, slamming on the breaks and backtracking from attempted teasing to focusing on Cas’ efforts. Hands slid around, shifting to press against Dean’s lower back to encourage him a little closer as Cas moved his mouth a little higher. The exact opposite direction Dean needed.
Now, a combination of the two: Dean on his back, with no clothes, but in the sunlight. It was absolutely obscene and Cas didn’t want to look away.
That’s when the panic, and some jealousy, settled in again. There were questions Dean couldn’t place proper words to but knew they were there. They stood on the outskirts of his mind, waiting to attack, and Dean didn’t know what to do about it—except hit send on the photo and the video, needing that distraction.
Michael had the decency to pause, looking away for half a moment in what Cas would later see as a fake act of contrition.
But leisurely was fine. The water was noticeably cooler by that point but Dean didn’t pay it any attention other than listening to it lap gently against the sides of the tub and against their legs, the sound blending with their stuttered breathing and choked off groans.
Frowning, Cas had started to pick at the staple embedded in the underside of the table while keeping his eyes on Michael, “What?”
It only took a few minutes to get to the barn which sat at the end of a long driveway in the middle of a field on N 2100 E Road. It still stood silent and alone against the clear night sky. Cas shut the headlights off as he rolled down the dirt path, letting the moon guide him. Dean stayed silent the entire time.
Jack ran the bowl under the water before moving to put it in the dish rack when Cas stopped him, handing him the dish soap. Sighing, Jack took the soap and sponge and got to work.
“That’s just fantastic for you Cas I’m happy it all worked out,” Cas could hear the smile in Joshua’s voice. “Of course you can use the cabin—come by whenever to pick up the key. I’m not usually in bed until three in the morning or so—damn insomnia—”
It was a huge risk. Michael knew Lee’s face, he was his employer, and he never really cared about Benny, probably never remembered who he was.
Cas knew of old customs told by his brothers and father dictated that the man was supposed to make the plans, pay for dinner, propose—
; seeing as well as feeling each pulse of fire that raced all over with every movement, every gasp, every whispered beg of a name—
They weren’t in Worthington anymore, they weren’t in Kansas, they weren’t even on this planet. The small, delicate thing they had built together that almost shattered that afternoon came back strong, filling the room.
There was no way Dean could be around Sam with that weight on his shoulders. Castiel couldn’t blame him.
He also almost said it when he was beginning to doze off in front of the TV, bored with daytime soaps already. Cas had gotten up to close the door, keeping the noise out, and came back to give Dean a light kiss on his neck, cheek, and then his mouth. Dean
Dean almost responded with, “I’m happy you did”, but the crosswalk told them to move, and the words died in his throat.
Cas apologized to those at the table, too enraptured to feel embarrassment. After another minute of fumbling, he finally reached the back bar counter, feeling like he had run a marathon.
“Not friends—none of these people are my friends, I don’t know who any of them are. I don’t even know who you are.”
“You didn’t ruin my night”, Dean said, shaking his head, “That guy in leather was probably going to ruin my night.”
But as Dean sat on the bed, a loud, bassy thumping came from some other room nearby. They weren’t alone at this end of the building but whoever their neighbors were wouldn’t hear Dean and Cas over the music. It wasn’t loud, but it provided some rattling inside Dean and filled the silence between them.
Cas’s mind shifted to the intended discussion with everyone else later that morning. If Sam already saw it, it was most likely others did too but just didn’t want to say anything until Cas and Dean did. They wouldn’t ask the same questions as Jack, which eased Cas’s nerves, but he still felt that he didn’t have all the answers
“What?” Cas asked, out of breath. Dean didn’t answer but kept his eyes on the spot before moving his gaze back to Cas’s face, grabbing his chin once more to turn it.
Before doubt froze him in his tracks, Dean set off down the road on the other side of the road, away from the street lights.
“I don’t know much about him but it doesn’t seem like he’s the kind of guy who can lie easily, or put on a happy face,” he said, looking at Dean with his eyebrows raised. “Am I right?”
“Come over here,” Cas said, breaking the silence as he finished setting up the telescope, pointing it northwest. Dean obeyed and closed the distance between them.
“I just got some tomata’s and zucchini last night outta my garden — y’all should invite your boy over, we can have a nice meal — one of my last little harvests.”
And Cas swore for the first time in his life as Dean moved his hand again, gently dragging his fingertips over his perineum.
But still, even with the challenges, it should have been easier to find Cassie by now. She didn’t hang out with these kinds of people and had told Dean a week ago she was going to the party to do some networking. Cassie wouldn’t be embedded in a group of gossiping, martini-holding mothers who relied on their husbands’ fortunes to get by.
“I need you to make sure Sam doesn’t come anywhere near a summoning circle,” Michael said to Zachariah after a moment, his voice low even though Dean couldn’t hear them. “I don’t want him going back down there before we need him to, and I don’t want the wrong Winchester in Hell.”
But some in town, usually older folk, complied with the Charlestons’wishes, feeling like the family was entitled to what they wanted to do given that they had founded the town.
Dean tightened his grip on the wheel, even more, trying to unclench his teeth before he cracked them.
Deep down, in the honest part of himself, Dean acknowledged that he did worry slightly about reaction on the whole, but especially from Sam. There wasn’t any worry that Sam wouldn’t accept it, but even years after the dust settled, Dean could tell it was hard for Sam to let go of certain ways of looking at things. If Dean couldn’t ever imagine a ring on his finger, then Sam probably didn’t even entertain the
“Here’s to one of us finally getting the fuck out of this town,” Benny smiled. “And here’s to finally finding someone you could stand for more than two days.”
Dean and Cas decided to stay at the bar closer to the door that night. They didn’t need to talk about it, they just knew why.
Motivation and a quick stop at a coffee shop got Cas to the cabin, but by the time he pulled up and saw Dean’s car alongside the road, his heart sank. It was one thing to say he’d figure it out, another entirely when he had to
Cas didn’t answer. He grabbed his seatbelt and threw it off of him, kicking open his door and headed onto the gravel shoulder.
grazed each other, making Dean’s lips buzz. He reminded himself that it was most likely Cas’s first kiss, and in a way, it was his own too, at least with another guy. He didn’t know what to expect, but forced himself to take it slow, just to explore.
Dean remembered Cas’s face in that kitchen as they sorted through their immediate plans that night, how much unrestrained happiness he exuded, the hope and the exhilaration—
Taking the escalator, just to wander around, they ascended into the men’s fashion section. Dean’s eyes were immediately blinded by a black sequined tuxedo jacket, hanging front and center.
Castiel gave Dean a quick up-and-down before turning to his food. Dean shifted, the awkwardness settling in again. He had tried his best to match the attire everyone else had—was that a test?
Going to get a tray of cookies? Now’s the time. Placing another gift under the tree? Now. Final guests arrive mid-morning? Surely
Cas seemingly agreed, not trying to push forward for more. He did relax a little more against the door and Dean smiled against Cas’s mouth before pulling away.
All day he hadn’t been near Cas as they had to entertain guests, cook things, kicking Sam out of the kitchen; But now, this close, Dean could see the visible restraint on Cas’s face too. His smile hit his eyes but it looked hesitant, like if he went
“Mr. Johnson has one I believe. He just arrived, I haven’t filled him in on any of this and I don’t think the police—”
Before Dean could get himself to follow, he looked around him several times, double-checking that they were really alone. At the far end of the floor, he saw two employees by a check-out counter, more engrossed in their own conversation than Dean and Cas.
They’d see each other in a few hours, just some time to pack some things up. They’d have to wind up leaving most of it behind, though Cas didn’t have many personal things in comparison to Dean, and when the dust settled, hopefully settled, following their departure, they would come back to pick everything else up, hoping to travel in and out of Worthington without anyone knowing. Cas pinged it at a month. Dean laughed.
“Hey, question for you,” Dean started, unsure how to ask without sounding like a crazy man who invited any stranger he met in a grocery store over for a party. “I’m having a cookout this Saturday. Won’t be as big as your party, but a few people will be there, and the food, in my opinion, will be much better.” Dean paused. “You’re more than welcome to come.”
Any thoughts of doom and gloom that filled Cas that afternoon was immediately pushed out of his mind as excitement took over. He had to wait a few more days but it gave him something to look forward to.
None are helpful, none are viable—and you know that—but it doesn’t help from pleading with whatever universal force may be listening, though you know that no one is. Despite knowing you were completely and utterly alone, sitting on the floor, trying to process what happened, you continue to plea with whoever may have the ability to fix the situation will take pity on you and bring someone back from the dead.
Dean thought back to Friday night, thought back to the text messages, to the bonfire, to their first meeting—every laugh, every smile, every nervous confession, every hesitant glance at each other—
“I told Sam to stay at his friend’s house that night. There was no reason for both of us—,” Dean cut himself off, realizing he was about to go into detail. Cas wanted to hear it, but at the same time, was grateful Dean didn’t describe whatever terrors he felt that night. “But basically… basically what happened after was Michael, I was told, went around town, told other people what happened, and in the end, my father couldn’t even get a job mopping floors at the bar.”
Glancing at Dean’s car, Cas walked up the shallow stone steps to the side door, trying to figure out where he should start. White noise filled his head as he stared at the ground for a second, wondering if he should in fact head inside and sleep for just an hour. Surely they wouldn’t arrest Dean in an hour—
Dean had to laugh to himself as he pulled the door open. For someone so paranoid about security, Michael really didn’t take the time to shore it up.
Dean’s brain began shouting at him to leave before he got trapped in there and Michael found him. Lady luck would soon grow tired of his toeing the line.
The gate was unlatched as Lee promised, and Dean slipped into the yard first.  Few people stood in the back garden, not bothering to turn their heads and see the new arrivals, too engrossed in their conversations.
Michael had scolded him after the bodyguards confirmed Dean was off the property, then dragged him back outside to meet Hannah.
It took almost no time for the rest of their clothing to wind up on the floor. Cas had particularly enjoyed slowly easing down Dean’s jeans, taking his time, and smirking when Dean cursed.
Their room stood at the end of the hallway on the second floor. They stayed on opposite sides of the elevator, saying nothing, and as they walked down a silent hallway, Dean wondered if the clerk gave them the room on purpose. No one seemed to be at their end of the building.
“Oh, be quiet and get in there,” Dean said, rolling his eyes, placing a hand on the small of Cas’s back, guiding him down the hall.
“Didn’t you guys spend the other night together too?” Benny asked, looking uncomfortable and not looking Dean in the eyes and Dean didn’t blame him. It was hard for Dean to see Benny drive up in the truck that morning.
But it didn’t change anything. That underlying, unspoken fear that had been with Dean since the first day they met had queued up in the back of his mind, waiting to take a swing.
The cabin itself sat on the slope of a mountain, unlocked, ready for Cas and Dean to settle in for the weekend. Their neighbors sat a good distance away with enough trees standing between the cabins acting as a privacy screen. They had already packed away some food for their dinner that night, having to stop at the market in Manchester to pick up some extra things. They checked out separately, doing the shopping apart from each other, like usual.
Dean’s heart still pounded in his ears as he shifted, uncomfortable. The sudden loss of the building heat and Cas inside him caused reality to sink back in and now he was just a sweaty guy in an overpriced disco jacket.
But still, Cas thought as he grabbed a water bottle and a beer, there’s a thing called instinct, or faith.
Dean remembered and didn’t like to dwell on that night much. For months after it happened, Dean had to force himself not to pick up the phone and ask why Sam didn’t bother asking if Dean had wanted to leave as well.
The distraction had really started just as soon as Dean mentioned that damn movie. It was the only reference he had to give to Cas but it immediately brought back memories of that night. Those images replaced the horror show that had been replaying in Dean’s mind for several hours, but they were still diverting his attention away from the task at hand.
Club Paradise was always on Dean’s “maybe” list but never had the courage to actually go. It was Lee’s idea.
As a rule, Dean didn’t talk much about himself, especially not to strangers. He never had interesting stories compared to others, he didn’t need unsolicited advice on how to live his life, and he just couldn’t ever muster up the energy to deal with that kind of conversation. Some people, over the course of Dean’s life, didn’t mind telling him they thought he had been too cavalier with his life.
“How long do you plan on staying in Worthington?” Dean asked as he and Cas sat by the bonfire, the sun finally dipping below the horizon. Benny and Lee hadn’t bothered them since lunch, and Dean wondered if they were still even at the party.
Dean knew it was late, knew Cas had to head home, knew that the night had to eventually come to an end, but his stubborn and selfish side didn’t want it to.
going to put it in there, but he didn’t want to say that the real reason he took that photo was due to the horrors that had been flashing before his eyes for over a day, and he needed something good in there to try and get himself back on stable ground.
“Topple y’all off the throne?” Dean provided, going off of conversations he’s overheard while working in the Gray’s backyard, with Zachariah screaming into his phone about a business deal.
Benny left a hefty tip for the waitress and she smiled, giving him a little wave which put some pep in Benny’s step.
“I have to say, that’s probably everyone’s estimation on how priests enter the church,” Castiel said. “But if I wanted it, I had to get extra education.”
Jack nodded, frowning in concentration as he tried to form the perfect scoop with his spoon, gathering as many chocolate chunks as he could, “Yeah, Cas told me nothing would change. Nothing’s gonna change right?”
. “Which makes this more frustrating. I’ve never—this hasn’t happened to me before. And I had hoped that ever since we started whatever it was we had, that the thought had crossed Dean’s mind on— I’ve never been in a relationship, but isn’t that one of only two choices? A future or a breakup?”
Dean tapped nervously along to Little Drummer Boy and then to an instrumental piece of Aud Lang Syne; Cas hadn’t moved much as they drove, but Dean did smile when he saw his foot tap along here and there.
With a world of possibilities still unexplored between them, Cas did as he was told and took Dean’s spot against the blankets and pillows, trying to guess what it was Dean wanted to do. Not like it mattered—Cas assumed it’d all feel great.
Lost in his thoughts, Dean felt Cas squeeze his hand and he looked over to see Cas’s smile had dissolved into a sadder expression, one of worry.
Dean already had his excuse well-rehearsed from other inquiries about Jack, “We’re in our forties, he’s in his early twenties.”
Dean had the option of either taking up a part-time job as a mechanic at a garage between Victory and Bar Harbor, or as a bartender at a small palace in Victory—but eventually went back to working on cars. Bartending seemed tainted after what happened in Worthington, but he told Cas that maybe someday he’d try it.
“Dean they’re going to find a way,” Cas warned, trying to get him to understand, “He always finds a way.”
He ran, and ran—ran through the kitchen, ran down the path outside, ran out into the parking lot. Jumping into his car, he saw Michael looking out the window at him, talking on the phone.
They continued to sit in silence with Dean fidgeting, shifting here and there, moving closer and closer to Cas, who stayed still, amused.
“Did you—sorry,” Cas said, cutting her off, “I thought you told police you didn’t see anyone. Were you the one they spoke to?”
did,” he explained, looking back down at his own box, turning it over in his hand. Cas watched him, frowning.
Cas' smile widened a little bit as he looked at them as well, tugging on some of their sleeves, “I wanted to have a reason to be in here for a while.”
Dean sighed and turned left, constantly checking his rearview mirror for headlights, but no one followed him.
“I can sort you out with at least one of those problems, let me call some places for your car,” Dean said. He didn’t know what to say about Lee’s job. He hated Lee’s job. “And I’m not changing my mind about leaving, I’m sorry.”
“Doesn’t seem like—it’s too soon?” Lee asked, frowning, glancing at Benny who avoided eye contact. “I think it’s too soon, I don’t think you should go.”
his mind tried to remind him but Cas pushed that voice aside, wondering if it was ever possible to just
“That’s the other problem,” Cas cut Joshua off and tossed some smaller weeds into his bucket. “I had tried talking to him yesterday about a few things, including the—you know—future, and it didn’t go so well.”
Cas left instructions for Joshua to call Cas if Dean showed up. But, if Cas’s suspicions were correct, then Dean wouldn’t be showing up there any time soon. His anger pushed Cas to head back into town, no longer looking for Dean.
This is where the mental games would begin. Michael could easily have Dean carted off, tossed behind bars, and forgotten about with the snap of his fingers.
The doctor’s voice faded away as Cas turned his focus back on Dean. It hurt to see Dean hurting and jarring to see him unconscious with that many bandages and a sophisticated ling.
They walked over to their picnic table, always in the same spot, initials still carved underneath the wood. No matter when they went to the park, no matter the crowd, that table never had anyone else at it.
Dean hadn’t formed the argument in his head, though he figured Cas may not need that much convincing.
They had kicked a handful of farmers off their land in order to build South Hill, bullied Mr. Framingham out of
Cas sounded serious and Dean worried it was another Hannah thing—the absolute worst buzzkill he did not need that day.
If he chose to view two nuclear forces battling it out on Earth and wiping out the human race as mercy rather than punishment, then the current situation could actually be considered the number one worse outcome.
Cas walked over and turned the light off as Dean grabbed the keys. They remained silent as they walked to the door, mourning what they were leaving behind. The high from that morning and previous night completely evaporated as Cas reached for the door handle.
“But you weren’t with Dean when he was found. Can you tell us where you were around three this morning?
Dean immediately shimmied further down the pillows almost as soon as the words left Cas’s mouth. Like someone flipped a switch, Cas went from nervous virgin to confident and eager. Cas moved over Dean and then lowered himself, finally allowing fire to meet fire.
But the crowd in the corridors and the incessant number of screaming children brought to the mall by parents who just wanted to get out of the house for a day began to grind on Dean’s nerves after a couple of hours. However, they couldn’t leave yet. They had promised Eileen and Sam the day at home.
would feel good so long as it was one of them doing it. Cas pulled back slightly and glanced around them to make sure the coast was clear.
It only took half a second for both of them to glance over, see the blow job orgy happening, absorb those sounds into their head, and move on—but that half-second was all Dean’s brain needed to cement the image of the men silhouetted by the back door light of the club. Those standing had their heads tilted back against the brick of the building, using their hands to guide those on their knees. The guys on the ground seemed more than eager to go wherever the men above them wanted them to go. Dean knew what the men standing were feeling, he’s been there before and it was nothing new, so instead his imagination threw itself into full gear, forcing Dean to wonder how it would feel kneeling on asphalt, out in the open without a care in the world, feeling someone else’s hands tightening in his hair as he—
“Alright—thank you, I appreciate it,” Cas felt another weight lifted from his shoulders. “I’ll call you before we get there.”
They set up their little makeshift camp in silence with only a few directions of “can you hand me that tripod” or “radio on or off?”. They opened the cab and the glass window of the cover, lending them an unobstructed view of the night sky from the bed.
The music from the festival continued on as they came down together, Dean laying on Cas’s right instead of his left like usual.
Dean paused, realizing he was about to dump a shit ton of problems onto Sam’s lap when he did nothing to deserve it.
“Well,” Dean hesitated, making sure he chose the right words. “I guess I never heard anyone ever say they wanted to grow up and be a priest. Honestly, I never put much thought behind it, I thought they kinda just sprung out of the ground looking eighty years old.”
Dean knew he was over-correcting his attitude to be as excited as he could be about the case, location, and the ability to play cowboy again. The need to swerve and dodge every horrible image or feeling that came speeding toward him was already wearing him out. He also knew Sam was seeing right past it, but Dean hoped to hell that Cas would just brush it aside or at least not question it.
Cas reached for Dean’s free hand again and Dean gave him a little squeeze of encouragement to continue talking.
“I got a question for you, and feel free to tell me if this is one of those times that I crossed the line and you don’t want to talk about something.”
“Are you saying I’m an idiot for doing that?” Dean said, both of them knowing that’s not what the argument was.
Cas pushed through the gate and saw Dean hanging onto the edge, legs kicked out behind him with a lazy smile on his face. Walking over to the lawn chairs, Cas glanced at Dean again, pausing as he went to undo the top button of his shirt, “Are you expecting a show?”
“I’ll go slow,” Cas assured him, vaguely wondering what the threshold was for too fast and too slow.
The bartender soon came back over with a neon blue drink inside a martini glass with what looked like rock candy dusting the edges. It looked very sweet and foreign. Something new.
“Dean, what’s going on?” Sam cut Dean off, still sounding concerned, still sounding way too serious.
The barn itself was an empty shell, clearly not used in a while. The door had been unlocked and when he and Dean investigated to make sure no one had been squatting in there, they only saw a couple of old, abandoned tractors, a workbench, and old, worn-out graffiti.
Dean let out his laugh and turned Cas’s head so they could look at each other. The bright spark had returned to his eyes.
Whenever he had looked outside the windows while at work, due south, he saw that house sitting in the sun, or the rain, or the snow, just waiting for someone to rescue it.
“Nothing,” he answered, tapping his foot. Impatience, bundled with nerves, started to build inside him. “Sometimes thinking is just thinking.”
“I wanted to talk to you about something,” Cas eventually said, waving a hand when Jack looked at him, concerned, “No, nothing—you’re not in trouble. Nothing serious, nothing bad.”
He broke away and leaned back into his chair before they lost themselves in the moment, almost laughing at the look on Dean’s face.
“That was ages ago,” Dean mumbled, staring at Cas’s mouth as he pulled away, “Can’t hold me to that.”
“Okay, all the money on the table now,” Benny started, sitting up straight. “Think about it real hard: Can you see yourself going on into the future, after all you’ve been through in the last few weeks without him there?”
Cas went over to the back of the truck, right in front of Dean but not looking at him, and slipped free from his shirt. Folding it, while still avoiding eye contact, Cas placed it in a side pocket opposite Dean’s things.
Dean told himself, staring at Cas’s mouth as the fingers slid themselves to the front, working open his button and fly.
“You don’t have to do that,” Cas said, but Dean pretended not to hear him as he patted himself to make sure he had his wallet and keys. He dropped a few extra bucks for the bartender, who waved his thanks.
His own knees already whispering their protest, Dean straightened up and opened the bottle, getting himself ready in a rush. No foreplay.
When Cas explored various websites in college, he never gravitated to the ones that had only contained blow jobs—now he knew why.
Dread immediately filled Cas, realizing Michael could have very well seen Dean walking. He forced himself to move, continuing to roll the bag up, but his mind raced for a lie, an answer—anything if Michael asked.
Sometimes Cas would think back to the Dean he had first met and compare him to the Dean that’s next to him now and the difference remained so stark, it took his breath away. All of that change and yet Dean still was who he was. A change, but not one that took away what inherently made Dean, Dean.
Dean, feeling the small tendrils of panic start, opened his eyes to remind himself that the fire was the memory, and the motel scene was real.
Cas had expected something dirty in response, but what he received he’d argue was so much better. He wanted to see Dean enjoying himself in a place he felt most comfortable.
Dean’s racing mind hit the brakes, coming to a screeching halt as the warmth from the fire and from the gift completely melted his nerves. He looked up at Cas who beamed back at him.
The altar, the candles, the greenery which they just must have kept replacing with the same plant year after year—it was if Cas hit pause when he went to college.
“Yes,” Cas answered, not looking at Joshua, not wanting to see that look of pity that Hannah also gave him yesterday.
The phone rang for a while and Cas was fearful that he’d have to leave another voicemail. But someone picked up just in time
The same images Cas had floating around in his head a half-hour prior, the images of the dream house on a cloudy, miserable coast, alone as he wandered around like a ghost—suddenly brightened with a sun-filled, blue sky day. Days were filled by walks on the beach, not seeing anyone else in sight; a bonfire at night, lazy weekend mornings—
Cas thought as Dean turned to scan the room to see if they were leaving anything behind. Cas glanced at the unmade bed, the lamp whose shade went askew at some point in the night—
It was hard enough voicing things to Dean face to face, let alone having to explain to everyone else.
Once outside, Dean didn’t look back, didn’t go into the party to find Benny, and instead went straight to the truck, trying to call Benny to say it was time to go. After five tries, and as Dean got to the truck, Benny finally picked up.
Reassurance on Dean’s end that he wasn’t angry with Cas and reassurance from Cas that he wasn’t upset either. It was a grounding kiss, one that put them on the same page before they started to talk.
Dean, laying on his front, didn’t move over at first, unsure if this was one of those times that called for space to breathe or if Cas wanted someone in his space.
Cas didn’t see stars, he didn’t snap, instead, he squeezed his eyes closed and ripped his hand free from Dean’s and held his head there. Dean let him and kept steady as he also allowed Cas’s hips to grind upward, somehow seeking
“I can understand that,” Castiel mused, taking the final chip. “Michael is very protective over his Porsche, which, I always found strange in a small town like this one..”
Castiel shrugged and took one of the last chips they had both been picking at, “I wanted to become a priest.”
Someone, something in Hell already knew they were coming and had Dean so well guarded, it would have taken much more force to break through the wall.
Someone had blindfolded Cas, shoved him in faraway places his entire life, and then told him to live out the rest of his life where they don’t have to see him, and he will be quiet.
Dean smiled and angled his hips a little, “It’s just a finger right now—I hope I can at least take that otherwise we may have some problems.”
Cas touched his cheek, tracing the shape of the paint as his eyes followed the lines of the residue left on the sheet.
Under the golden paper was a wider, flat box, the likes of which Dean had seen used for necklaces or other pieces of jewelry. Wildly, he thought for a moment Cas was about to present him with an elaborate pendant necklace, but as he undid the cover, Dean was instead greeted by a brochure.
“Okay,” Cas cut Dean off, holding up his hand as a spike of annoyance rippled through him. He hoped he wouldn’t have to go into his reasoning too in-depth, going off the assumption Dean would just accept it as a “weird thing” line with other things Cas did, like folding his socks at the end of the bed or only eating plain, untoasted bagels from the coffee shop.
Dean kept the laughter in his throat as a girl’s voice came over the intercom ahead, looking for a Kate so-and-so—a sudden reminder of where they were.
Dean didn’t know how long he laid there but soon, the light faded again as someone ran toward him, shouting something.
Music that shook the sidewalk outside nearly deafened Cas as he walked in. Tables dotted the club on the outskirts where people sat to enjoy drinks with friends or dates. They watched those on the dance floor who moved in the flashing lights, completely lost in themselves. There were two bars on either end of the club, front and back, with neon lights outlining the counter and back shelves. The colors behind the bottles of alcohol shifted constantly, giving the appearance of an ever-moving rainbow.
jump-started the wheel and they both began to spin slowly once they plugged them in. The light illuminated the tree decorated in silver, playing off the glass and silver ornaments.
“Because I don’t know where this is going,” Cas gestured between the two of them. The question he had been trying to avoid finally surfaced—the question between both of them. “You can’t tell me you haven’t thought of the same thing.”
“Shh,” Cas chastised, but Dean didn’t have to open his eyes to see the smile. He knew they were both close, just by Cas' stuttered breathing, faltering rhythm—
“She asked me why I didn’t like her very much—which isn’t true. I do like her. I think she’s nice, but not like that,” Cas started, keeping his eyes on the garden gate that swayed in the small breeze. “I told her that I did like her, and that everything kind of happened too fast, I didn’t have time to adjust—and then she asked if we had a future together.”
Dean swallowed and nodded, “Absolutely nothing will change, other than us sporting some expensive hardware now.”
Cas frowned. Dean couldn’t mask his emotions in that moment, and Cas knew the entire story hadn’t been told.
The field and barn took an hour to get to, and there were times Dean wouldn’t see a house for miles, or only see the lights of one way off in the distance, embedded in their own fields of grass or corn.
Castiel stopped walking, and Dean didn’t notice at first. He looked back over his shoulder and saw Castiel standing by one of the market fridges, taken aback.
Still without answering Dean, Cas moved to yet another rack, pulling off two more jackets. Dean frowned before he saw where Cas was slowly heading.
Idle chatter proved difficult during some of the songs, and if they wanted to say something, one of them had to lean in close to talk into their ear. The level of intimacy it required to have a conversation in the middle of a night club threw Cas off every time Dean got
Dean looked up from their piles of clothes with a smirk. It took half a second for Cas to refocus on Dean, understanding.
Cas’ hand slid down from Dean’s back to grip his side, holding his hip in place while Cas pressed against him, suggestive and earnest. Dean’s eyes fluttered closed as he wondered if he had the energy after sleeping for only three hours. Cas repeated the motion, and Dean decided he didn’t care—he’d make it work.
Reynolds laughed and looked over to him. Dean wished he didn’t. The man looked grotesque in the sunlight with sweating pouring from his bald head and cap.
“It’s hard to keep my hands off you, I’ll admit,” Cas said with a sigh as he resigned himself to their current situation, pulling the little program pamphlet back out. Dean leaned over to look at it.
The front doors to the house were closed, meaning everyone was outside and not venturing into the Charleston estate so there was no need for Dean to figure out how to get in.
The first happened after a date at the movies with Hannah, seeing some action-romance hybrid, and then dinner at T. Fitzgerald’s Steak House. Cas had been pulled into a conversation with Hannah over her horses and which ones she thought would be better for breeding. Cas was sure he had time traveled back into some 1800s romance novel with aristocrats who couldn’t tie their own shoes. Her passion was admirable, but Cas couldn’t follow along.
His breath fogged up his immediate reflection, but he could still see himself with imprints of sequins in his forehead, and Cas. The image reflected back to Dean was one that he had seen so many times in videos and photos: eyes wanting to close in concentration but also wanting to soak in the sight before them; body feeling heavy but also electrified, bending and bowing to whatever direction was needed for
After the carts, his usual track would take him to the basement where he’d then take spray paint and spray more obscene pictures in the corners. He didn’t do the whole wall because more damage equaled more charges. Instead, he liked to think of the pictures as little presents that someone could discover while rummaging around for their cleaning supplies.
Cas laughed and peered back over the box, “Yes, so, I managed to secure a week at the Flat Creek Ranch for this summer. Someone answered my prayers because when I had called a week before, they had no availability.”
But that ingrained sense of foreboding always caught them at some point, even if it was just a flash.
Jack sat cross-legged on the floor, bowl of Lucky Charms on the coffee table, staring at the TV. He had recently been into older cartoons, looney tunes one, and particularly favored the Road Runner.
No one waited in the kitchen, no one sat at the tables—judging by the noise, everyone was still crammed inside the TV den.
Dean sat at the table in the garden kitchen with two cans of soda and a bag of chips. Cas wandered into the room, even more confused, now worried.
Michael sighed and rubbed his face in agitation, “This is me telling you how you can do your part in this family and help. I know you never liked us that much, but that’s just how it goes.”
It was a moment before Dean walked up the steps, looking around and into a window with something in his hand.
“I said I needed a switch-up instead of reading all night!” Cas raised his voice as he took a tentative first sip of his drink. The bartender didn’t lie, it was almost obnoxiously strong, and Cas was correct in guessing how sweet it would be. Cas’s face screwed up, waiting for the aftertaste to vanish.
“Remember, I’m new to this too,” Cas whispered, giving Dean a small smile. It took a moment but Dean eventually smiled as well, giving Cas a small nod of acknowledgment. He moved to a spot just under Cas’s ear and went back to work.
Cas wanted to capture that moment so he could hold it close forever, no matter where he did or where he went.
“Who are you two?” Reynolds asked, his voice a scraggly strained tone that only came after eighty or ninety years of use with a thick, midwestern accent.
The strain on Cas’s face began to melt as he attempted to chase Dean, seeking something more, but Dean only smiled and pulled back. Cas opened his eyes, a spark of life back in them as he glared at Dean.
Cas wasn’t completely asleep, only dozing or staring at the ceiling while his eyes weren’t closed. He didn’t want to look at the person next to him because he knew once he did, the dream would shatter and he’d wind up waking up in his own bedroom.
Opening the door, Dean walked into a half-darkened room and Cas on his side, bedside table lamp already off.
To try and capture the sense of excitement and ease of that again, he opted for playing with Cas at that party. Sexting wasn’t a new concept for Dean, but sending photos, and videos, were.
It didn’t take much thought to connect the fact that Zachariah had wanted to build on the south side of town, where land was already being sought out by someone like Michael, so he didn’t have to go through an extensive process to get it all up and running.
“Actually, I did,” Cas answered quietly, keeping his eyes on his lap. He laughed when he saw Dean’s face. “You think I would have gone to all-boys schools and not seen that? Statistics alone—yes I saw it.”
It felt like an eternity since an honest prayer came to Cas, guilt, and shame over the years preventing him from finding the right words, or proper frame of mind.
Without another word, Cas watched as Dean freed one of his hands to provide some steadiness, then sank his mouth down on Cas completely. No stopping, nothing left—all the way down. The sight of it alone drew a deep groan out of Cas as he put his head back against the pillows, hands tightening in Dean’s hair.
“I guess that can work. Thank you,” he eventually answered, still sounding a little distant. He sounded off. In their conversations, he was still stiff sometimes but more animated than he was tonight. Cas seemed there physically, but not mentally.
After the bar, Dean stood in his kitchen for nearly ten minutes, hands braced against the moveable island in the middle of the room, just thinking.
While Cas didn’t know much about love, he knew it couldn’t be all about him and how Dean made him feel. As he drifted off to sleep as well, Cas thought about things he could do, how much he wanted Dean to be happy and smile and say his name.
“Yeah, but, you’re using Smuckers,” Dean pointed as the man opened the bag of chips. “Everyone knows Welch’s is superior.”
Cas, who had closed his eyes while Dean slipped in, opened them only partially so they retained a lazy, almost sleepy quality to them. The corners of his mouth turned up and he tensed without warning, holding back a laugh when a gasp escaped from deep inside Dean from the pressure.
Dean stood in the driveway as Cas backed down the driveway, waving goodbye when he saw Cas raise his hand.
Castiel watched as the doorway unsealed itself and followed Zachariah and Michael through, into a dark field where a black car sat parked at the edge of a gravel parking lot. A lone figure laid on the hood as a radio crooned to him, turned down low as to not disturb the peace of the night. The lack of lighting put the night sky in full focus, and every few minutes a myriad of shooting stars would pass over them.
As quick as he could, Dean threw open the door, almost hit his head as he folded into the front seat, and slammed the door. He locked the doors as he held his breath. He didn’t want to look outside the window, afraid of what he’d find.
At first, Dean wasn’t sure Cas was going to say anything as he stayed silent, staring at the fire. Dean could see his eyes tracking the embers as they flew into the sky.
, Cas chanted in his head, knowing once he started it would take all his strength to stop if needed.
It took a moment for Dean to snap to, digging out his phone and texting Sam if he was up or available. A pang of guilt hit him when he saw the last time they had texted was on Sam’s birthday months ago.
Over time, they had both lost their sense of self. Castiel’s grace dried up, there was nothing he could do to get it back. That was a hard truth to accept. Everything dissipated in just under a year, and eventually, Castiel would find himself sitting upright in bed in the middle of the night, staring at the cabin wall and wondering why he was still even there. To which a small but sinister voice answered:
“All my life I’ve been made to believe I should be ashamed for who I am,” Cas explained, “You know that. And it took a lot for me to break away from that. Finding a home here, with you, and being with you, was enough of a prize for accepting who I am as a person. I don’t need rainbows for that. I know the history behind the struggle, we volunteer at the center—I just don’t need to dress up in sparkles to do it.”
“I got enough experience to get us to a certain point,” Dean said, “And then we can just figure it out together.”
“I thought you were at a lake house,” Cas said, finally looking at Dean. He immediately wished he hadn’t. The flashing and ever-moving lights from the dance floor played off Dean’s face, lighting him at every angle at different moments and his eyes had a spark of wild excitement to them.
He glanced over to Joshua who just sat there, waiting for Cas to continue. Cas sighed and dropped the garden tool.
“I was thinking,” Dean whispered as they broke away, “We can take the car to Red Cloud tomorrow to that book—”
The image of Dean beneath him so trusting, vulnerable, and completely desperate satisfied Cas’s original goal.
No one glanced at Cas and Dean as they slipped in, leaving the basket of snacks on a different table. An unspoken understanding passed between them and they split off with Dean going over to Alex and Sam and Cas heading over to the card game.
But he did. His hips stopped moving, and he winced as Dean finally set him free before resting his forehead against Cas’s leg, trying to catch his breath.
And that was true. Cas couldn’t deny that. If he went off of the standard definition of faith, Cas took a chance on Dean from the first day and each and every time they met after. He had faith when they had first started talking, ignoring the warnings from his brother—he had faith at the bonfire when they both divulged their secrets to each other despite only knowing each other for a few days. Cas had faith when they went to Kansas City when they went out to the field, and the previous night when he had faith Dean cared about Cas just as much as Cas cared for him. They had faith in each other—at least Cas hoped Dean had faith in him.
Never had Dean been happier with the decline of big box store’s success than when Cas grabbed him, a handful of clothes off a rack, and enticed him into the Macy’s dressing room.
Looking back at their reflection, Cas had at some point crossed his threshold of maintaining his resolve. The flush on his face betrayed any sense of restraint he attempted, and the intense stare morphed into something almost pleading.
Before Michael could get another word in, Cas turned his back on the dining room and went back upstairs. Fuming, he hit send on the text message to Hannah as he slammed his door.
Blinking rapidly, Michael returned, and whatever Dean had been trying to silently communicate to Castiel disappeared.
“And he’s six feet in the ground, Dean,” Benny cut him off, his agitation showing. “This isn’t the first time you’ve used him as an excuse, and I’m telling you man, you gotta stop.”
“Absolutely crystal, your majesty,” Dean shot back, knowing Michael wouldn’t snap just yet. At first, he thought it would finally happen, but the longer they stood there, it became clear Michael wasn’t done playing with his food.
Dean always put that thought away, ignoring it whenever it sparked some interest again, knowing that it would be a far off endeavor should he even want to tackle it—
They sat in silence as the music, turned down now, played on and others continued their conversation around the crackling fire.
“The priest of the church we attend, Father Laurence—though he makes everyone just call him Joshua—told me once he had a family cottage on Table Rock Lake that he only had a chance to get to a few times a year—just to make sure no one broke in. I figured we should stay there for a couple days.”
Dean didn’t know how to ask the question delicately so he gave himself some time to collect his thoughts.
“I’m sorry, but that’s ridiculous to me,” Cas said, keeping the smile on his face. “Dean—honestly—are you happy here?”
Cas took a moment before smiling, nice and smug, turning his head. They were now inches apart and Dean noted it wouldn’t take any effort to just lean forward—
Swearing to himself, earning a glare from the woman sitting next to him, Dean called Cas, trying to ignore the sick feeling of dread forming in the pit of his stomach. Cas always responded.
It caught Dean off guard a few times the fact that he didn’t know this person. Talking came a little too easily, steamrolling over his self-imposed rules, with added effort of dodging pot holes in the road that would give away who he was.
Each kiss served as a reminder that they loved each other, in spite of everything they’ve been through, everything that’s happened, every time they had almost died—sometimes at the hands of each other. Everything they had done eventually brought them to where they currently laid in bed, light on so they could still see each other when they woke up from these nightmares, eager to be held or to hold and to remind each other just how much love had saved them, and will continue to save them.
The one bit of happiness Dean had managed to retain over the years had been extended to Cas—Dean wanted them happy, and Dean wanted Cas loved—and now Michael wanted to extinguish it.
Stepping into the house, Dean immediately discarded his damp clothing and slipped into his robe, desperate for some kind of dry warmth.
Dean, still sans clothing, stood there patting his face dry. But all the ease he had the night before, or in bed, or even walking into the bathroom all but dissipated as Cas noted the tension in Dean’s shoulders.
Cas knew that there was always that fear of being like your parents, but never once did he think it would happen to him. He didn’t have the kind of relationship with his father, or really, any of his siblings. Anyone from his family. He wasn’t home enough—they didn’t want him home.
“What do you think it is?” Dean asked, tone laced with a sweet kind of teasing which Cas knew would only agitate Jody.
“You said ‘maybe’ to her when she asked about a future. Why did you say maybe?” Dean asked. He sounded almost scared.
“Listen—your family and the Winchesters have a long, long history, most of which you were not here for. It’s unfortunate that you didn’t know the extent of it all until just recently after you already started this journey with Dean, but you can’t let that change how you feel right now,”
, Cas repeated to himself as Dean dissolved into a litany of mumbled swear words and pleas to continue.
“Would you prefer it if I didn’t get pruney before I drowned?” Dean asked, eyes still closed, “Or is that a prerequisite to drowning—getting pruney—”
As he stumbled out of the car, a light turned on inside the club, over in a side window. Dean watched a shadow move across the window before another light went on confused, Dean stood there as the giant windows light up right in front of his face, blinding him for a moment. He scrambled to duck behind his car, looking over.
was white with some fake golden accents. Dean had whipped out paint samples almost immediately after the tub was installed.
Cas stopped, glanced around them to make sure the coast was clear before stepping closer to Dean in-between some campers.
“Hello, it’s me. Please call me back when you get this. Don’t go to the cabin, don’t come here at all tonight. Just go straight to the church. I think Zachariah and Michael know—they definitely know—I don’t know how much, but they know something. I don’t know if they’ll have you tailed if you go to the cabin—but they— just don’t come here—go to the church, they can’t get you there. If you see them just go inside. Joshua won’t let them in. Please call me back,” Cas said in a rush, keeping his voice barely above a whisper.
Cas sighed and eased down the road and into Dean’s driveway. Dean flashed him a smile, but something was off.
Dean left the kitchen to sit in the living room, turning on the TV for some kind of background noise or distraction, needing his thinking to stop for a little while. He glanced at the fireplace mantle below the TV and his eyes fell on the photo of Sam at thirteen, a mile-wide smile on his face, holding a fish that looked almost as big as he was.
After Jack got ready for the day, they still had an hour and a half to kill before people would start waking up so he and Cas went back into the TV den to watch more cartoons. At some point, the lack of sleep caught up with Cas and he drifted off into a dreamless doze.
“How—how well do you know Michael?” Dean asked, nervousness sparking. “Must be pretty well if he’s throwing you a party.”
have a future together?” he asked, mimicking Hannah, frustration growing at Dean’s silence. His stubbornness and silence. “Or is it just going to be blow jobs in the back of a truck or midnight runs to hotels?”
They took their shower, limbs heavy with spent energy but both of them still adamant on running their hands over each other with soap, suds, and just because they could.
“What are the odds they are actually those but they just told the registration people they were wine stoppers?” Cas asked. Dean didn’t answer and Cas glanced over to him to see his face red.
When Cas had tried the seventh time, sitting on the church steps, a distressing thought wormed its way inside Cas’s mind:
They met once again, Dean surging forward, but the kiss remaining slow and teasing rather than fast and desperate. Cas wound his arms around Dean, staving off the impulse to just throw him down onto the couch and get between his legs.
Dean hesitated, weighing his options and how much truth he had to say. Sighing, he swiped to the photo album while walking over to Cas.
“But it’s special, do you know why?” Cas asked. This was what they were instructed to do with Jack to help him learn during school. Trigger his critical thinking skills, even with the smallest things.
“If no one says anything and we don’t act any differently, then it’ll take him three days. Maybe. If he doesn’t realize it before he leaves, then that’s a solid two weeks Eileen would have to keep it to herself.”
He always had a skill of keeping cool under pressure and even if he was angry, he would express it in a way that didn’t further escalate the problem.
He hated the fact that it didn’t take much for his body to remind him that he was approaching 50. Some days he could ignore the twinges and early morning aches. Other days, particularly when the weather flipped on them so rapidly, those little reminders didn’t go away. Naturally, this would always happen, but he had hoped it would wait until he didn’t have to redo a house and as much as he could of a large barn before the end of the summer. Not to mention all the work he’d done for the roadhouse—
Castiel reached behind him and pulled out his phone, “We should probably exchange numbers just in case.”
“I have an area in mind up in the northeast—I want to get as far away as possible, and I never liked Florida,” Cas eventually said.
Cas commended himself for not coming right then and there as teeth and lips gently worked the spot until Dean was satisfied. Summoning the energy, Cas shifted himself up onto his elbows to see it, but Dean covered it.
And yet, Dean was now walking into the lion’s den to try and find her, to apologize, unable to let her leave with what he said being his parting words. That miniscule part of him still wanted to believe that maybe one day he would realize what he missed out on, fly out to Denver, and leave Worthington behind. Dean knew that he was desperately clinging to her as some kind of magic spark that would inspire him to change his life’s course. It was unfair, Dean knew it, but it didn’t change his course of action.
Dean hesitated, remembering that they were in bible flyover country and now outside the protection of the Bunker. He had been so caught up in the euphoria of the new house and the projects they had in store that he had forgotten that the casual nature of two men moving in together wasn’t encouraged in some corners of the country.
Blood. A big bloodstain. Someone had tried cleaning it up, he could see bristle marks and it had faded to pink, but it was still blood.
Moving closer, Dean saw Cas standing at the counter in the middle of the store, talking with one of the workers. He was older with a kind smile on his face. In his hands, he held a black velvet ring box, holding it up for Cas to inspect.
“It is, but everything else out there tastes like—I don’t know,” he said, unscrewing the jelly jar. “But it’s bad. Peanut butter and jelly has never disappointed me.”
“Shower sex isn’t worth it,” Dean said as if he could read Cas’s mind. Cas frowned, forgetting there were still some things not foreign to Dean when it came to sex. Still, Cas wished he could try it just to say he did.
Dean, who should have just left, felt an overwhelming need to diffuse the awkwardness, “So you go for PB&J? That seems like a downgrade.”
how it wasn’t ever gonna happen. And how everything would end fast and bloody in a deathmatch or something—it’s just something you confide in people. In your family, siblings, whatever.”
Dean had turned on the radio in a desperate attempt to fill his head with sound other than the breathy moans and whimpers from the alleyway, but all it did was remind him of how he could still hear the music when they passed by the group, some men on the ground even moving to its beat.
The rest of his family, Cas came to understand over the course of his education, with the lack of visits or phone calls or letters, just didn’t want him around. Him entering the church as a priest meant they didn’t have to give him a second thought anymore if they did already. It gave them bragging rights, however, about the goodness of their family. Get Cas out of the way, tucked away in a faraway church, and use his reputation to gain more business deals.
Sergeant Mills, when looking back over the video, had pointed out that Dean tried moving in the split second he could before Zachariah fired.
But, as Cas lowered the glass back down on the table, Dean heard a painfully deep, painfully familiar, shaky sigh of defeat.
As Cas turned into his driveway and down the little slope to the home, Dean sighed, telling himself that as soon as he walks through his door he had to send a text, just so Cas didn’t go on thinking—
“I’m not doing any of this standing up so you’re gonna have to come over here,” he teased. He desperately wanted out of his jeans but he wasn’t going to do it himself. Cas had to learn things.
“I told him how Michael and Zachariah were looking to take over his property—build a strip mall there or something—and he basically didn’t care, that he’d ‘live in a parking lot’.”
Dean’s heart jumped to his throat and he quickly looked back down, flipping a burger unnecessarily to distract himself.
Cas quickly shut off his phone and left it on the bed as he stood, walking over to the window by his desk. Heat had risen to his face, accompanied by a rising tide of guilt and shame.
“Yeah, you didn’t think. You’re the only person I know who over thinks and yet doesn’t think at all half the time,” Benny shook his head and got up from the table to get a refill. Dean sat there, watching the condescension run down his drink and onto the torn up napkin, head full of white noise.
If he took whatever Michael had come to throw at him, then hopefully whatever was up Michael’s ass would pass, and Dean could get the fuck out of there.
“Do you know if anyone around here has a-a camera? Those cameras mounted by the door or any other kind of surveillance cameras?”
Dean had kept telling himself that if he told more people he trusted, then he would stop focusing on the one person who did know.
“Alright, hey everyone. First off, Merry Christmas,” Dean said, and everyone mumbled Merry Christmas back, mouths stuffed with food. Dean cleared his throat, “I…
This wasn’t how their night was supposed to go and as Cas glanced out the window, seeing the sun begin to peek over the horizon, he mourned the fact that right now, he should be pressed up against Dean in bed, either trying to coax him out to make breakfast or convince him to stay so they could enjoy each other a little while longer.
As he walked up the road, rushing a little to try and beat the late-summer heat, Dean heard a slew of cursing and something clanging against metal.
Cas walked closer, watching as Dean climbed the small ladder to get into the pool. He had only seen Dean like this in the sun once and it was that photo and video, every other time was low, hotel-room grade lighting or by moonlight. Out in the sun, he practically glowed.
