Cas was almost smiling when the door finally burst open and four people walked in. Three Winchesters and one Eileen Leahy. Castiel looked up at them and sobered his expression.
“Yeah, yeah, we get it,” said Dean, grabbing Cas’ arm and heading for the exit, just as the song recommended. Cas didn’t resist, and Dean didn’t let go until they were out in the street.
“It’s something then,” Mary said, nodding to herself. “Alright, I think we’re done for the day. Gabriel, Donna, Jody, Kate, and Billie, I’d like you all to get in contact with your respective leaders and come back tomorrow with usable information on how our factions in each of the cities can respond to unrest. Dean, I’m going to request you confirm intention to stay in Ira for the the foreseeable future so we can strategize.”
“C’mon,” Jo said. “I want someone to drink Charlie under the table just this once.”
Five sons later, it occurred to the now aging star that the question of succession would eventually come up. He was long lived, but his immortality had been left behind him when he had fallen from the heavens. This being the case, he decided to institute a system that would immortalize the injustice that had once been done to him, the betrayal of a brother. He told his sons that the man who survived his brothers would be king. At first his sons were hesitant to hurt each other, but they did not hold out for long, and their greed overcame their love for each other. Soon, there was one son left standing, and Abel passed his title along. And so the tradition began.
“Claire,” Cas said at last. “I’m not interested in power. I don’t want to be a leader.”
“But it’s already been two days,” he said. Castiel frowned, trying to grasp why that didn’t sound quite right, but not able to put his thoughts in anything resembling order.
“I told you that a long time ago.”
“When the hell did my mom threaten you?” Dean asked. Cas spared a glance for him, contemptuous though it may be. Dean pulled him around until Cas was forced to look at Dean. “What happened?”
Unfortunately, Crookshanks ruined this plan by luring Charlie into Castiel’s part of the tent. Castiel should have tried to shoo the creature away when it attempted to wake him up by pawing at his face, but instead he had let it rest next to him and begun to pet it. He only did so because it seemed less effort than getting up and making the cat go away, but Castiel knew Charlie would tease him for it anyway.
“-because she thought you’d do it. Loyalty to the state if not to her, as she put it,” said Dagon. “But a little bird told me that that’s not quite where you stand. Something about sharing and caring and making a few too many new friends. She thought it was… interesting.”
“You should get home, boy,” Bobby says at last.
“He’s with your mother.”
Jo made no move on him, for which he was glad, and instead started telling him things about Charlie that she loved. The little furrow between her brows when she was trying to work through a problem. How fucking red her hair was, which had Castiel trying not to think of a different red head, one who had taken to haunting his dreams. How Charlie always had her back, always took her side when Jo was trying to get something done and had to go up against Benny and Dean who both seemed to think she was reaching above her capabilities.
“Sam’s got everything under control,” Dean defended himself easily. He clearly had a good rapport with this Jody.
“Don’t interrupt me,” Cas chides, failing not feel a warm fondness when Dean raises his eyebrows in question.
Charlie stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.
He didn’t want to be there anymore. He pushed his chair back and walked away, cursing to himself when he heard footsteps following him. He turned to see Selma standing there, arm raised in an aborted attempt to stop him.
“Recently revived, in fact,” Crowley says. “Or did you not wonder how Billie bargained to empty all of Hell?”
Chuck sighed.
But he still has to ask. And he knows what Cas will say before he even says it. There is something in the flex of his jaw, something in the look in his eye. Something in the way Cas’ hand flinches, for just a second. As if he means to reach out and holds himself back at the last second.
*****
“With all due respect,” said Risa, her voice lacking any respect at all. “We could bang out a deal. You help us now, we help you later. Once the state’s under our control, we’ll commit resources to you overtaking East Canada.”
Castiel hadn’t made it a secret he despised the deal Dean had made with Canada. It was one thing to overthrow a corrupt state and try to reform it from the ground up. It was another to give away people’s homes, their choices. It was unjust, and Castiel was sick and tired of the ends justifying the means.
“Because Dean is known especially for his willingness to talk things out.”
“Ouch.”
“Jo,” Cas cautioned with a frown. “Perhaps you shouldn’t-“
Castiel looked between all four faces.
“All you want is to be left alone?”
“That would be a yes,” said Mandy. “We’re almost there. Just a bit further.”
“Yeah, you do,” said Dean. Finally he let go, and took a step back. One hand came up to pinch the bridge of his nose, his expression subtly pained. “You’re still miserable, and you can’t figure out why, and that’s not my fault.”
“Yeah, well,” says Dean. “I’d rather you kept Cas’ name out of your fucking mouth.”
Dean moves on.
“Cas, hey,” someone else said, leaning close in concern. Castiel looked up to see Dean crouching down next to him. “You gotta stop getting stabbed.”
“That’s all I ask,” said Cas. “Well, I should probably go play my part.”
“You thought I was dead and figured you’d just… kidnap God?” he says out loud. Eileen shrugs again.
“Well you got to come back scot-free,” Sam points out, rolling his eyes at Dean’s squeamish reaction. “More than once.”
“You have something to say to me Bradbury?”
“It hurts,” she said through gritted teeth. “Oh god, it hurts.”
“God, that’s rich coming from you,” said Sam, the sound of bitter laughter following the statement. “How many times have I told you that Emma needs a stable home, huh? How many times have Bobby, Ellen, and Jody offered her that?”
“Good news for you, then. I was never very smart.”
“Mandy.”
“He told us as much. It doesn’t matter, we have other spies,” said Billie, eyes flicking up to look at Cas. “We see a place for him, too. And if you were smart, you would pay attention to that. Your soldier is a dead man walking already, and we might hold the key to his salvation.”
Cas’ face is still more of a bloody smear than the familiar shape Claire’s known since birth (even if it wasn’t exactly his face then). Still he pushes himself to his feet in front of her, holding her sword in his hand. She wonders if he can still see what’s going on, or sense it. Either way, despite his head still very much resembling what happens if you drop a watermelon off a rooftop, he matches the crocotta blow for blow in a fight that is almost too fast for Claire to follow. What she doesn’t miss however, is when Kaia throws herself back into the fray, her staff swinging straight for the crocotta’s side and knocking him off balance. Unfortunately, Cas didn’t seem to realize this was coming, and he can’t block a wild side swipe the crocotta throws out as he stumbles aside. The blade cuts deep into Cas’ shoulder, and Claire can see the white silver glow of grace leaking out of it. At least Cas hissing in pain means that he’s restructured enough of his face to make a sound, which is reassuring.
“Gotcha,” is all Dean has to say to that.
“Thought you couldn’t do that,” Dean says, though the muted relief in his voice is evident.
When Castiel had first been human, he didn’t suffer this particular indignity. Then again, when he had first been human, there hadn’t been the tiniest speck of grace still clinging inside him, leftover. The phantom itches, he supposes, are just the price he is paying for only being mostly human.
“No, that is not-“
“You mean we get to-“ said Cordelia with almost indecent excitement.
“And what’s that?” Castiel asked, not without resentment. Anna sat up and looked down at him. With a touch, the chains keeping him still disappeared and Castiel was free to stand. Anna was bleeding again. Castiel hated himself as he caught her when she began to fall. Lowered her down gently, despite knowing how she had betrayed him. Not him, the state. Betrayed the state. Personal feelings had no place in this.
“I’m glad to hear it,” he said at last. He paused a second, and an uncomfortable silence lasted between them. “I wanted to surrender, you know. To get you and Jo back.”
“Yeah, me neither,” said Jo. “So when you’re ready, you come and talk to me. It might help, for whatever that’s worth to you.”
“I’m sorry,” said Castiel, once again paying attention to Charlie. “What were you saying?”
DECEMBER 18, 110 A.L. - 30 MILES OUTSIDE INVIDIA
*****
“You were,” says Jack, surprised by his confusion. He had always felt like he was the odd one out. He was the one who wasn’t family, not really. Finding out Cas was under the same impression was hard to wrap his head around in more than one direction. He still remembers when he was born, when Castiel was dead… He remembers how silent the bunker felt. How unwelcoming and cold, as if it were haunted by someone missing. It had felt right, to feel that way at the time because Jack was missing a man he hadn’t even known. But when Cas had come back, it was as if a flip had switched, in Dean especially. Suddenly everything was warm, like the walls themselves were welcoming him back. And Cas couldn’t even feel it, Jack realizes. It’s… sad. “What about Dean?”
“I wasn’t talking about the church,” she said fiercely. “My sister, Amara, she's a doctor. And she has her own place. She’d help me.”
A steep price to pay, meant to keep them in check. As Castiel thought. Carrot, stick.
At some point, Sam and Jack go to look into what spell ingredients they all have at their disposal. Dean doesn’t realize this is going to leave him alone with Michael until it happens. Despite the fact they are temporary allies, Dean feels the hair on his arms stand up as Michael observes him. He can’t forget that other Michael, the one who pushed him aside in his own body and locked him down so deep he almost didn’t resurface.
Castiel looks at Billie and then back at Dean. He seems to come to a decision. He reaches out, gripping Dean’s forearm so tight it hurts. Before Dean can even think to reach back, to ask how Cas is alive, to ask anything about what the Hell is going on, everything goes blank. His last thought is of Billie’s dry laugh, as she turns another page and keeps on reading her tragedy.
“Because it’s impossible,” Gabriel had said. “But it looks like we’re gonna try. Pack your guns and candy bars, kiddos, this is gonna get interesting.”
‘I’m just afraid of being alone,’ she signs. She hesitates before continuing, her body hunching in on itself a little. ‘That’s why I’m okay. No more afterlife. Fine. There wasn’t a good one for me anyway. I’d always be alone. Like I was in Hell.’
Charlie looked ready to ask him where his mind had gone, but ultimately her excitement to share her book came flooding back to her face and she began speaking at a rate Castiel found almost impossible to follow.
“No.”
“That’s Cas. He used to be one of you guys but now he works directly for Naomi.”
Neither Claire nor Dean noticed when the door opened once again behind them, admitting another resident of Lebanon, Kansas into the ether between worlds. Kaia followed behind them quietly, fear for herself and concern for Claire warring in her mind.
“We’re running out of time,” she says. “This is when you make your decisions and- and that’s all I know for sure. But if Jack’s alone in there, it’s all over. Just so you know.”
“This isn’t me, stopping time. It’s Death. Jack reinstated Billie, and I wouldn’t even be here if she hadn’t told me that you were about to… well. Die. I’m not supposed to save you. I’m not even supposed to be near you anymore after what happened last time. Billie is testing me, giving me the chance to make things right with you, offer you a peaceful passing,” says Cas. Dean stares at him. “Which I don’t intend to.”
“The facility you were clearing was part of resistance attempts to create genetically modified children, as you know. These children were judged to be a danger to society and it came to light that not even those that created them could properly control them,” Naomi continued. “Still, it is not unheard of to have someone flinch at shooting what seems to be a civilian. Anna would have been reprimanded only if that was the extent of her crimes. The real reason we ordered she be killed is more complicated.”
Joshua frowned thoughtfully, and spent another thirty seconds thinking before he answered. When he did he spoke with care, as though every word was carefully chosen.
“This isn’t so bad,” said Selma, dismissively. That was before she picked up a pair of boxers with a suspicious white stain on them and then promptly dropped them and wrinkled her nose in disgust. “I’ve changed my mind. I hate him too.”
“The explosion was used to disperse a chemical agent that causes hallucinations,” Castiel said. “It’s a method of incapacitating the town so Zachariah can eliminate resistance forces without risking casualties. People are so consumed with fear or despair that they won’t be able to fight back Dean briefed everyone about this possibility.”
Dean let go of him, slashed the ropes around his wrists, and pulled the gun from Cas’ sleeve, then pointed it at Azazel. Shock had just started to cross the mayor’s face when Dean pulled the trigger. Azazel slumped down in his seat. Castiel couldn’t see from where he was, but he had a feeling the back of his head was missing.
“If I have your grace,” Jack says at last. “What do you have?”
“My dad got it for me when Emma and I turned eighteen. I’ve been saving it,” she said. Jo and Dean had decided it was best to tell their children they were twins than to attempt to explain Claire’s parentage. Claire’s actual birthday would be a matter of philosophical discussion considering she wasn’t born, and was instead plucked from the Earth after being fed a diet of blood and starlight during her gestation. And perhaps she was born again when she was taken from one world to the next. “He got one for Emma, too.”
“You mean when Naomi crushes us?” asked Dean. “What did you get out of your deal with Rowena?”
He didn’t expect to see Zachariah himself step forward when he saw Dean.
“I guess. Since she died in her world it’s like… I don’t know where she stops and I begin anymore. It’s weird,” says Kaia. “But about Claire. I wish you’d stick around for her. She needs people who will. But she’s bad at… She’d rather push someone away than see them leave, you know? If Jody weren’t Jody- I mean, it’s lucky. That she has all of us. But I think it would help if you were around too.”
Jack sits in his room, four words echoing through his head. You’re scared of him. It wasn’t fair. None of it was fair. Killing Michael was the right thing to do, the only thing to do. So what if he has his powers back now? Would they begrudge a human cured of blindness?
“Selma offered. She also said you’d probably turn her down because you’re angry at her.”
“Will everything be better?” Jack asked him. “When we win?”
In any case, he has abandoned the not at all completed task of reconstructing the multiverse with a fraction of the scaffolding in place and in no immediate danger of collapsing. Billie can feel every time it does collapse, and Jack’s frustration at not having gotten it right. That’s the thing about being the creator, she supposes. You have to actually create things, and that takes effort and time and mistakes. It’s not the kind of trade you can waltz into. It is designed to frustrate a child with an impulsive need to justify his own existence with his own goodness.
“Dean, what are you doing?”
“We need a bigger distraction,” Cas murmured to Claire. She radioed as much to Charlie and Meg, relaying the details with a calm and clear certainty that Cas was certain she was faking. They waited a moment, and then Charlie radioed back.
“Rowena got tipped off the royal army was away,” he said. “She sieged Crowley’s place and reunited Canada. We signed the deal with Crowley, not her.”
It slowly occurred to Castiel that he might have misread why Dean was angry.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ah yes. The entire world of which the State makes up a fraction. And for any of this to work, you need more men,” said Castiel bluntly. “For the multiplying part.”
“Do you need me to call Dean?” Eileen asks him, as he sits up in bed and hyperventilates. He shakes his head quickly, trying to calm himself down. Eileen sits up with him and looks at his lips, waiting for him to speak. He signs to her that he’s okay, and she signs back no he’s not. He manages a laugh at that.
Castiel became gradually aware that someone was in the room with him. He could hear even breathing coming from his right hand side in addition to his own.
“That’s not how it works,” she said. “I had to listen to my parents burn alive. And I don’t have to ask if you know the shit Dean’s been through, because I know you do. Or Selma, or Sam, or Harriet. That baggage doesn’t go away, Cas. It’s easy for you to judge. You didn’t grow up watching your back, worried that reading a fucking book would get you sent to prison to work yourself to death, and that’s if you’re fucking lucky. You didn’t grow up knowing that you weren’t welcome in state hospitals if you were sick. You wised up two seconds ago compared to the rest of us.”
“I want someone to point out that a century old system of brainwashing kids doesn’t make every person who fell victim to it worthy of being skinned or hanged or tortured. I want people to see a different way than the same fight we’ve been having since the State was founded.”
“No, uh, Dean Winchester,” he said. They looked at each other and laughed at him. “I mean I know Dean Winchester. He must have been imprisoned with Jesse and Cesar. One of you must have met him. Must know enough that I convince you.”
“I’m not stitching a hex bag into my leg,” says Dean, shuddering a little. “I don’t even know how you did that.”
“I’ll stay,” he says quietly. “If I can.”
Maybe they could build an architecturally sound house if they hadn’t decided to recruit everyone they know to try to build it faster. This happens to be how Claire (who Kaia has spent the afternoon drooling over because she’s wearing coveralls), nearly drives a nail through her forefinger with a nail gun. She has since been banned from holding the nail gun or being near Kaia while she’s in charge of any kind of heavy machinery. This is a call Alex would have made way before anything happened, but Alex is blessed with the gift knowing how much of a dumbass Claire can be.
“You’re insulting me again.”
“Yeah, they’re on their way to Ira already. I’ll send you and Risa off in the next half hour, and Linda and I will head off about an hour after that. You remember the meet up point?”
“Twenty five. And I was only allowed to stay in England until I finished my education,” says Cas. “Student visa.”
“Everyone gets out,” he said. The guards looked at each other, exchanging glances. Cas decides to up the ante. There is already the very concerning and not so planned fact that the elevator is on fire. The longer they wait to evacuate, the more people are going to die. Whether or not the guards are willing to condemn their prisoners to death is uncertain. Whether or not they are willing to condemn themselves to death is a surer bet. “There is a bomb on each of the doors leading out of this room. I will blow them up one by one, and we will all die down here if you don’t start unlocking doors now.”
“I can handle ghosts.”
“The enemy,” said Castiel.
“How do you play twenty questions?” asks Jack, looking like he’s about to go run for a notebook to write down the rules. Three hours ago, this kid was in charge of the universe, thinks Dean. Jesus Christ.
“I’m counting that as a question,” Dean said gleefully. “How about Emerson… Michael… oh, I’ve got it! Arthur.”
“If only it were,” Castiel said darkly. Jo and Charlie exchanged an uncomfortable glance at that, neither seeming to know quite what to say. Castiel pressed forward, not wanting half-hearted comfort from people who didn’t know him. “I’m prepared.”
“Bobby’s expecting you.”
“Yes,” said Castiel, his voice growing dark. “To the women who weren’t lucky enough to escape this city before they were tortured and raped by members of the Resistance.”
“Look who finally decided to show up,” said Dean, already annoyed with him. Charlie elbowed him, but he ignored her. “I sent Jess to get you twenty minutes ago.”
They move out pretty quick once Jody, Alex, and Patience get there with the makeshift stretcher. Alex splints Dean’s leg and then they’re on the move. Claire thinks maybe she’s imagining the awkwardness on Cas’ part when she sees him roll his eyes as Dean asks them all to make sure his doctor gives him the good stuff. Claire shrugs it off and decides to ask Kaia about it later. She’s always pretty good at the emotional stuff. Better than Claire is at least.
They arrived in the city by mid afternoon. The architecture had the appearance that it was designed by someone who was told to create something intimidating, but had strayed too far into bland and ugly. The people who walked in the streets were lively enough, and most seemed to recognize who they were, though they hardly reacted to it except to look disdainfully at Dean, a reaction he seemed to be willfully ignoring.
“I’m not gonna- Jesus, Sam. I just mean I didn’t deserve the fiftieth fucking chance at living a good life. I failed every time before now, who says it’s gonna be any different? Except it’s worse, because now it’s gonna be my fault. I mean, I can show up. For the big stuff. I can say the right thing, get the right answer, keep it together long enough to get through, but- What I haven’t been making you miserable for years? Be fucking honest.”
“Do you want to be born again, Castiel?” asked Anna. “Not a toy soldier anymore. Just a man?”
“He’s Cas,” Dean says again, feeling a little helpless as he does it. He saved Dean from Hell. He betrayed Dean and spent years trying to make up for it. The two of them have been trying to save each other since the second they met, and their friendship has been a pillar of support and a noose getting tighter around Dean’s neck until it’s just about ready to snap. What’s there to say in all that that hasn’t already been said? “He’s just… he’s my- he’s kinda mine, y’know?”
“Very little,” Castiel said truthfully. “Only what is publicly mandated knowledge for every citizen of the state. The rise of the Lightbringer and our entrance into the Age of Light, as well as key figures in-“
Then he hits Dean over the head again, and this time, everything goes dark.
Everything is very quiet, comparatively.
“I was hoping you would notice,” she said. “So, are you over your whole ‘books are bad’ thing, or-“
‘Something,’ he agrees, copying her expression as he does. She pushes him, playfully.
No one speaks. They hardly breathe.
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
“I abandoned everything I knew for you,” Castiel said. “Isn’t that enough?”
“I felt her blood surge up between my fingers and watched the light fade from her eyes. We fought side by side for ten years, and she never led me or my fellow soldiers astray. Not once,” Castiel said. “Doubt my intentions if you must. But don’t doubt my pain.”
“And some of these people shouldn’t be here at all if you ask me,” says Ash. “A lot of devout bigots, racists, you name it wandering around harassing folks.”
Castiel didn’t acknowledge how Selma’s worried eyes were boring holes into his and Jo’s heads. He was also quickly distracted by Anna dragging his chin slightly to the side so he was looking at her. She wasn’t real, but his mind didn’t seem to want to accept that completely. So when she aimed a kiss for the side of his mouth, he reacted by violently trying to push her away, falling to the ground as he did so. He stood up, brushed off his friends’ concerns and kept walking to the town square.
“Your reputation as a light weight?” asked Jo, jumping up to dodge Charlie’s attempt to smack her arm. Jo grinned in triumph. “I’ll see you two tonight then. I should go make sure Dean’s not murdering anyone for being annoying.”
“You keep running away from me.”
Even so, Jody sets up the coach and the television for Dean, and doesn’t complain when the dog (Miracle, which, what kind of fucking name is that?) hops up next to Dean and rests his head on Dean’s lap. Instead, she sits and talks with him for a while, pointedly not commenting on the creature shedding all over her furniture. Which is nice of her, but also makes Claire wonder why it was such a big deal she bled on the same damn coach so much that one time. At least she wasn’t doing it on purpose.
Castiel smiled a moment at a memory of Hael driving straight into a tree to prove to Mirabel that state vehicles had airbags. They didn’t as it turned out. Anna had been furious when she heard what had happened, but everyone had closed ranks and refused to tell her who exactly had crashed the car. Castiel had told Anna once she’d calmed down and assured her he’d exacted a promise from Hael that she would never do such a thing again, and had also been promised any candy that was included in her rations for the foreseeable future. Anna had let it go in return for half of these rations.
“But I am already dangerously attached to you,” says Cas. “Let’s not make it worse.”
The clarity in Dean’s mystified expression makes Cas want to shrink away from him, to retreat to a safe distance where Dean cannot look at him that way. Like he wants to strangle him. Or, as Castiel can’t help thinking despite what he knows, as if he wants to correct Cas’ error in not kissing him when he had the chance. Not that Castiel hadn’t tried, he thinks to himself with not a little annoyance aimed at Billie. Because that was truly his only chance to kiss Dean really believing Dean wanted to kiss him back. Now that’s gone forever, and he wishes… well he doesn’t wish he could change what had happened. He doesn’t want anything from Dean that isn’t freely given. But he wishes he could live in that moment for a while. That Billie had let him have that at least.
“Nothing like the end of the world to give you the munchies,” says Claire.
‘You came back.’
“Because there’s no one to hold it together, anymore,” she says. “The few angels left desperately tried to fix one bad adjustment that I released. You think Castiel or you wouldn’t have made a different mistake?”
“Mary will agree to terms,” she said at last.
“Suicidal people don’t get to keep large quantities of drugs.”
He nudged Cas in the side, which was almost friendly. Almost.
“Look who’s talking.”
“I mean…” Dean paused. What did he mean? And worse, did he really want to say it out loud? “I mean, the story ends. One way or another. What comes after that?”
He waited as Jo got closer. The moment she was within range for what he had in mind, he lunged for her gun, ignoring her for the moment and taking a brutal kick to the side while he removed her ammunition. After that he dragged her down and used the gun to hit her just hard enough to stun her so he could get to his feet and start running again. It was only about ten seconds before he could hear Jo’s footsteps behind him, and he knew she was going to catch him eventually. He just needed to get to his and Charlie’s tent before it happened.
“He seemed nice, Rowena,” was all the boy had to say in his defense. Rowena narrowed her eyes at him.
“Look, there doesn’t have to be some whole big thing, okay? The world’s ending, I think we have bigger fish to fry than whether or not me and Cas are going steady.”
Charlie took his hand and pressed the two pills into them. Now resting on Castiel’s palm were two small invitations to complete loss of agency. Loss of control and surrender to the enemy. He let them rest a minute on his palm, gathering his courage before swallowing the both of them.
“Yeah, alright, tough guy,” says Claire, which makes Kaia roll her eyes.
Billie rolls her eyes.
Castiel breathed a sigh of relief when her hand fell from his face.
There’s a light rattle of a tree branch against one of the back windows. Dean turns to look but it’s just the wind making a racket. He turns back to stare down the opposite tree line.
“Yeah, I know,” says Dean. “Doesn’t stop you from putting the plan before him, though does it?”
“You realize two can play at this game?” Cas asked, opening the book again. He had the entirety of it practically memorized he’d read through each poem so many times now. He still flipped to the correct page, and began to read. “Wild nights, Wild nights. Were I with thee, Wild nights should be our luxury. Futile, the winds, to a Heart in port, done with the Compass, done with the Chart. Rowing in Eden, ah, the Sea! Might I but moor, tonight, in thee?”
Something flickered in Dean’s expression.
“Claire should-” Cas starts. But then Dean shakes his head, his eyes locked on Claire. Cas sighs. “Alright.”
“You’ll catch up eventually,” said Ellen. “I’m just asking if you’re managing.”
“It doesn’t seem like there was much of a fight,” Castiel observed. Dean nodded thoughtfully looking around, but not clarifying anything. “Where are we going?”
“Does that make you feel uncomfortable?” asked Pamela, brazenly. Billie rolled her eyes, but for the first time Cas saw something like affection in them. It wasn’t a weakness. If anything it made Billie more dangerous. Having someone to care about could do that to a person.
“Steven, I know this is hard to believe-“
Mary trailed off and shook her head.
“You’re going to tell me exactly what you heard. Word for word, do you understand me?” he said, unable to keep the panic completely out of his voice. Cas swallowed, and no lies came to him.
Crowley just smiles. He’d always been good at making deals.
“We’ve been waiting,” she said, reaching out and unerringly finding Dean’s face. “I thought it was you. You know your nose whistles a little while you breathe?”
“And so what? I see a lot of things.” he asked her. “What does that prove?”
“Good to see you, Jodes,” he said. “I didn’t think you’d come in before we left.”
Dean snuck out of his room to steal the nasty tasting healthy cereal from the kitchen, spotting Eileen and Sam passed out in the Dean cave on the way there. It almost brought a smile to Dean’s face to see Eileen drowning in a combination of Dean and Sam’s borrowed clothing, face pressed into the arm of the couch and feet dangerously close to Sam’s drooling. Sam had called up the other Charlie to see if she could bring anything for the newly revived hunter, which Charlie had reluctantly agreed to only because she seemed to have a sixth sense that it was important to Sam.
Benny didn’t answer him. Castiel repeated his observations and assumed that perhaps Benny was busy dealing with other complications. That being the case, Castiel turned his binoculars to the street and was shocked to see everyone who had been alert only moments ago collapsed on the ground. They weren’t unconscious, because he could still see them moving, but it was more than evident that something was wrong.
“I don’t need a weapon to be dangerous.”
It’s only a few minutes after Claire catches Patience sliding Dean’s phone under Alex’s (locked) bedroom door that Dean and Cas come storming out of it. Well, Dean comes storming. Cas more trails behind in his wake, looking after Dean with a kind of adoration that makes a pit form in Claire’s stomach. She ignores that, side eyeing Patience instead.
“Lydia-“
And after that he slipped under too quickly to put up much more of a fight.
“No, I don’t mean us, us,” she clarified. “I mean everyone. State, resistance, and the rest in between. I dislike you, because I’m half convinced you could do it, too. Raze everything to the ground without even realizing what you’re doing. I know it’s not your fault. They wanted weapons. That’s why the last Lightbringer stole resistance kids for his experiments. All of that horror, and Naomi just made you by accident.”
“Hey,” she says.
“But I am,” said Castiel. “You don’t know the half of what the state has done. They take children and experiment on them so they can have weapons. They- they tortured me half out of my mind. Naomi did herself. If you think that is worth protecting or that you are saving anyone, then you are not the person I thought you were Hannah.”
Jack has to know it’s okay. Has to know he’s forgiven, was always going to be forgiven. That Dean never wanted him to go in the first place, he just didn’t see another way out, and he was so tired, and he didn’t know what was real and what wasn’t. But he knows now. He does.
The thought of Charlie hovering over him and getting upset when he ignored Dr. Newman’s suggestions was not a pleasant one. Castiel decidedly did not want that to happen.
“Which means we’re out of the deal, which is the only reason Gabe even agreed to help us get you out,” said Dean. “But we don’t have the numbers to take the city now. And we’ve lost Canada as an ally.”
The months Cas had known Dean Winchester impressed on him the futility of arguing with him. So instead of trying to press his luck, Cas just nodded.
Cas went back to his room as soon as dinner was over and waited until Dean got back.
That night, Claire waited in her room until Emma was fast asleep in the other bed. It took longer than normal, because Emma had an unfortunately keen sense of when Claire was doing something that would get her in trouble with their parents. It wasn’t that Claire and Emma didn’t get along, it was just that the both of them sensed something deeply wrong in the way their family fit together. Despite Jo’s best efforts, she had never been able to forgive Claire for who she was. She loved Claire fiercely, but there was a tinge of resentment in even her kindest words to Claire, and Emma had picked up on it since the two were children.
“C’mon, kiddo,” Dean says, falling back on bravado in lieu of actual courage. “You think you don’t have it in you to know who failed you? Cause it wasn’t Cas, we both know that. I mean, you only sent the hit squad against one of the three of us, and well… Not like I don’t know why.”
“One life,” she says. “For each of you. Castiel, you already took your pick and I can’t say I’m surprised at those results. In return, you don’t go looking for trouble. You don’t open doors between worlds, you don’t try to pull people back after they’re gone, and you don’t interfere with a reaper doing their work. No more miracles, no more last chances, no more resurrections. And if any of you break the agreement, you and everyone I’m giving you now… dies. Instantly.”
“Why would Cas take your side? He doesn’t even know you,” said Charlie, glowering at Ash again.
“How am I supposed to answer that?” she asked, which was not an answer at all. “Why did you pick this one?”
He walked to the end of the hallway of whatever floor he was on (he couldn’t remember visiting Dr. Newman when he’d been in Ira before) and then turned around to go the the other way, figuring he would manage the walk without being caught.
Dean makes an effort to stand, gently pushing Cas off of him when he tries to help. He turns towards Billie, carefully making sure he is between her and everyone else. So just as stupid, Castiel thinks to himself. And then, well, he wouldn’t be Dean if he wasn’t.
“Libidine,” Castiel confirmed. Dean nodded.
“To Dean.”
Castiel hadn’t been expecting that level of sincerity.
“Jo is going to be fine.”
“And that right there is what I’m talking about,” said Benny. “Your life is worth something in the same way everyone else’s is. People who are better and worse than you. My best friend in the world cares a hell of a lot whether or not you’re breathing. I tend to trust his judgment on things like that. I know you behaved the way you did today because Dean was in danger and you’re hardwired to feed off paranoia. Especially considering what I know you went through at Nowhere Pass. I’m not blaming you for that. I’m asking you to consider what you do next, now that you’ve got the chance to make a decision when you’re not so panicked you can’t see straight. Because if I’m right about you, your head has gone one of two places. The first of which I won’t mention out of politeness.”
Claire didn’t say anything. Instead she turned so her back was facing Emma. It wasn’t as satisfying a revenge as she’d hoped, giving Emma the silent treatment. Within minutes her sister was snoring again and Claire lay there miserably trying to get to sleep over the unearthly sounds coming from her sister’s bed.
“There’s already an entire club of people for that, dear,” said Harriet, though she smiled when she said it. “No need to join.”
Castiel decided to return to the competition and gently let go of Selma’s hand so he could pick up one of the knives that had been put on the table after they had all been carefully pulled out of the wall. She stopped him before he could move very far.
“What’s going on?” he asked her.
“I don’t. But thank you for the offer,” said Cas. “And thank you for being kind to me.”
“Hey!” said Charlie, attempting to kick Dean under the table and missing and kicking Cas instead. She looked up at him with a sheepish shrug. “Sorry.”
“Barely,” answered Dean, at last. “You missed some pretty nifty driving when you passed out. Hurt my feelings.”
“No one’s making you, Cas,” said Dean, wiping Castiel’s hair out of his face as he stared down at him, worried. But Cas couldn’t keep his eyes open, and it might have been seconds before he was unconscious again, beyond help.
“Dr. Newman?” Castiel repeated, the shock starting to settle in. He’d spoken to him just the day before. He’d complained about still having check ups, and told the doctor to fuck off when he’d asked how Castiel was feeling for the third time. And now he was just gone. “And Boris? Why was Boris-”
“You took a bullet for me.”
“I have never stopped caring. I am only here because if there is anything I can do to stop all of you from dying, I will do it. I’ll find you every day and beg you to surrender because that is the only way you’ll survive. I love you all, you must remember that.”
Castiel wanted to ask more questions about who else exactly they were giving dangerous weapons to, but Charlie cut him off to continue their discussion of the book earlier.
It’s why she’s relieved sometimes. That Cas doesn’t visit so much. Because she does like him. It’s hard not to. And that makes it all more complicated.
“Not enough to desert.”
“Only when you do it,” Castiel said, actually surprising a fairly hearty laugh out of Benny. Gordon looked like he was going to start something up again, but before he could manage, one of the people at his side spoke over him.
Kelly understood. Castiel didn’t know what he thought gave him the right, but he was offering her absolution.
Once he was in town, he was careful to look like he was patrolling, and keep his distance from other soldiers. All he  had to do was find a familiar face and ask them where Jody was. Or walk to the bar and check there, whichever came first.
Mary looks at him. She goes back to toying with the piano. She’s doing this the hard way. Dozens of songs could rest at her fingertips, if she wants them to, but instead she’s tinkering with the keys. It’s maddening.
“According to your friends, you. Frequently,” Dean answered, head nodding towards Selma a little. She studiously ignored the both of them, though Castiel had no doubt she could hear every word. Dean was speaking quietly enough that likely no one else could overhear, however. “That was an interesting game.”
“But you know, not the whole death threat thing,” Cordelia said, smacking her sister’s arm to break her out of her reverie. “Besides, I think there’s something to be said for scrapping stuff like this together. It’s like home made cooking over the factory shit we get from his royal assness. Just tastes better.”
Jack is trying to be helpful. He is being anything but.
“I’ll give you the poem,” he said, suddenly and decisively. “In exchange for a kiss.”
“Don’t you dare question that,” said Dean. His voice dropped in volume a moment. “Emma, sweetheart…”
“Gordon gets results,” Jo pointed out. “We’d be dead five times over without him.”
“Jack,” Gadreel broke in sharply. “Remember what I said?”
“I’ve already been through enough of those, thank you,” said Cas, remembering a variety of ceremonies in which future soldiers swore their loyalty to the state. “Besides, I’m genuinely not interested in him.”
“I don’t need to be watched,” Castiel said, knowing full well that in the interest of their wellbeing they should have him watched. Then again, no one acknowledged his opinion anyway.
Warnings:
**********
Castiel lowered the gun slightly, and Anna seemed to take heart at that.
So she schedules family dinners, and is surprised as Kelly starts to thaw towards her. Michael, likewise, is slightly less self righteous every time they meet, until he has conversations with Jack without having to have his ear talked off for half the meal. Even Adam seems… at least entertained by the tradition. It’s nice, sometimes.
“No,” said Dean. He smiled. “Worth a shot though. What’s keeping you up?”
“I don’t like to count that,” says Cas. There’s a shift in Dean’s expression. “Considering she lied to me about who she was, and then tortured and stabbed me.”
JUNE 22, 2163 CE - NOWHERE PASS
Sam doesn’t speak or sign at her as they walk room by room through what remains of the first floor. The floorboards feel unsteady under her feet, and Eileen worries more than once that the ground will give way beneath her, but it doesn’t. She takes a few more pictures as they go through the house, surreptitiously taking one of Sam as he kneels on the ground to look at something, brow furrowed into a serious expression that is distractingly endearing. He lifts up a locket that just says “Lily” on it. It’s a little melted, but the name is still legible.
“You trust Chuck that much?”
“Get down,” he hissed. Looking for cover and knowing they didn’t have anywhere near enough time to find it. Luckily Gordon and Benny had taken out a guard each and were shooting back to distract from them which only left…
Who knew the afterlife was going to be a popularity contest? Mary had dropped out of high school for a reason, y’know.
Cas felt useless in the face of Dean’s pain. Utterly unable to help. Utterly unable to do anything but stare at him and think that it wasn’t right that Dean should be hurting so badly. Something in Cas’ mind shut down when it fully hit him that he was the reason Dean was hurting so badly. If he had stuck to the plan and regrouped with Charlie, they might have been able to plot another prison break. For whatever reason, the conditions the prisoners were kept in was not as dire as Cas feared and he knew that well before he decided to hide in a ceiling and rescue Dean himself. He had been told by his friends again and again that the way he put himself in danger was reckless. He had not listened. Not once. And Dean was paying the price for it.
“As you have every right to be,” said Cas. “I’m just pointing out he has more reason to… take it personally than Kevin does.”
Dean started walking to an empty room a little down the hall and Castiel followed closely behind him, planning how best to prevent Dean from fighting back before Castiel could draw his gun. Although everyone else seemed to be watching them walk away, no one made a move to follow, which worked well with Castiel’s plan.
Without another thought, she lays her hands down on the horn, watching them jump out of her way as she throws the car in reverse and speeds out of her spot. She makes it out of the parking lot without a hitch.
“Why did you ask me to kiss you?”
JANUARY 18, 111 A.L. - CAMP CASSANDRA
“Let him go, and I’ll let you live,” said Dean. Alistair just smiled and pressed the blade another quarter inch deeper.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” said Castiel. He paused a moment, head starting to spin. “I’m sorry, I’m not being rude. I just can’t figure out why there are two of you.”
“What for?”
“I wish you hadn’t knocked out Kaia.”
“You know, just because Eileen won’t let you go all white knight on her ass doesn’t mean you need to defend Cas’ honor instead. Dude’s about a zillion years old. He can take care of himself and his own feelings just fine.”
But he wants so badly to believe.
“I thought you were angry with me.”
“You want to pull this shit now? Answer questions when we ask you to or keep your mouth-“
“Yeah, but that’s different,” he says at last. Sam shrugs, lost in his own hurts for the moment. Not that Dean can blame him.
“And drag me in your wake without care for my wishes, and demand things of me that I find sickening,” said the boy. Rowena’s eye twitched. “And the poem in question is one I wrote.”
“You left me on guard duty because I’m your second best shot. Don’t try to play me, Winchester,” said Betty, narrowing her eyes at him. “I might just shoot you in the ass to prove a point. In fact, I would if I didn’t like looking at it.”
She paused a moment, as though to assure herself he was really there.
“Shut up.”
The scenery around him changed wildly, and he was in the garden of his other recurring nightmares and Anna was looking up at him from the ground, clutching her stomach. Desperation colored her features. Castiel looked down at her coolly, wondering why these dreams had ever bothered him so much.
Garth began writing something down which just irritated Castiel more. He tried to lift himself in his chair a little to see exactly what he was saying and what damage control might have to be done when Garth looked up and noticed him. Cas sat back down.
“Dean doesn’t think like that,” said Garth. “Nobody thinks like that.”
“Do you ever… do you ever wonder if we’re doing the right thing, Castiel?” Anna asked him. He remembered this conversation. It had happened six years ago, shortly after Anna had made Castiel her second in command to replace the soldier she had executed for abuse of power.
Dean had laughed and then said “You’re kind of weird, you know that?”
“Or I could help with that,” Benny drawled, nearly making Cas jump. It occurred to him then that everyone was listening in on his conversation as well. “It used to be my job. I’ve got a coupla guesses up my sleeve.”
“No,” said Castiel, just as Anna’s fingertips started to trail down his neck. He ignored her. “Unfortunately.”
Since Dean had decided, based off of intelligence provided by the other resistance camp and Charlie that Invidia was still gathering itself in preparation for an attack, it wouldn’t be a bad idea to let the men and women in camp “cut loose” before things started heating up again. He had spent a great deal of his time with Charlie recently, supposedly in communication with the people who had taken over Libidine. Although Libidine was the city with the most unrest among the citizens, Castiel had a feeling that those that had taken over there found it more unruly to “liberate” than they had probably initially expected. He couldn’t find anything else that could account for the bad mood Dean and Charlie had been in recently. Whatever was going on, and Castiel had heard a great deal of speculation from the the people in Benny’s section, it wasn’t sitting right with Dean.
“What the fuck are you talking about?” asks Sam. “If you wanted to know about Eileen you could have asked.”
Dean is trying really hard not to think about Jack.
“Whole lotta wrath,” says Chuck, looking at Dean as he says it. A bad feeling starts to well in the pit of Sam’s stomach. Dean’s expression doesn’t change, he just stares back steadily at Chuck. Like he’s daring him to say it out loud. “I mean you think I was bad-”
Charlie was still silent and horrified. Castiel didn’t like to look at her too long, it was so disturbing the despondent look she had taken on. He was careful not to touch her, in case it would set her off screaming again, which Dr. Newman said she had been one of the worst cases of during the initial violent reactions. Instead he sat quietly next to her and watched as the place slowly emptied.
Cas felt his eyebrows shoot up to his hairline. Supreme leader? What nonsense was this? It was one thing to go rogue, another thing to go rogue and turn away refugees, but to do all of this and willingly subject oneself to the command of someone so pompous as to label themselves “supreme leader,’ as if the name in any way made them so…
Castiel didn’t look up.
“Yeah,” says Sam. “But I’m okay. See?”
“You’re not even real. You’re just a dream.”
All that got was a a blank look.
Maggie Zeddmore had lost her brother on a raiding mission that went wrong in every way possible. Risa had been sent to Acedia to get ammunition only (as Acedia was always notoriously low on food because of the severe heatwaves that devastated the region). Ed Zeddmore and his best friend Harry, however, knew that at the time the militia was low on food and other cities had more soldiers stationed for protection than Acedia ever did, since it had relatively few resources and was difficult to exist near without proper shelter. They’d made a calculated decision to go after the city’s food stores, and paid for it with their lives.
“Thank you for the favor, love,” he says. She ignores the endearment. Mostly.
So, there was a limited amount of choices, and not much time to make them. However, the elevator was not the only way out of the basement. There were also those stairs that Tracy had mentioned… The delayed locks likely meant the only way Cas was getting out through those was with the cooperation of the guards, and the only way to gain that was to trust they liked each other enough to take him seriously if he took a hostage or to overwhelm them by sheer numbers. Neither option was full proof, and neither was going to result in a stealthy exit.
“I don’t need to choose,” Cas says at last. But Sam knows, same as he knows Cas would literally die before letting either Dean or Jack do the same. Which, not a winning combo of motivations so far. Someone needs to have the bright idea not to throw themselves in the fire.
“I’m aware,” said Naomi with an insincere smile. “I have faith in you to be resourceful however.”
Castiel wasn’t certain if he was angry. This was betrayal, pure and simple, though he was sure neither Dean nor Charlie saw it that way. The words he heard himself say sounded angry, but it was as if someone else was saying them. Someone who hadn’t spent months being reassured by Garth that it was okay not to blurt out the least helpful possible thing in any given situation.
“She fell asleep on my shoulder once,” Dean mutters. “After a hunt. And her whole face just relaxed. Like she didn’t trust anyone else in the whole world more than me. I don’t… I can’t…”
But right now, there is only an unguarded vulnerability in his expression. It’s something Cas has seen before. It’s a part of Dean that Cas has always been trusted with, even when he shouldn’t have been. Neither of them speaks for a few moments, both of them simply taking each other in and deciding where exactly they’re going to go from here.
Suddenly they stopped. The three women turned to look at them. The center soldier cleared her throat and began to speak.
“Seriously, Dean?” Sam mutters.
“Yeah, okay sunshine. One, you have no room to talk,” said Dean. “And B, I make sure everyone knows what they need to know. Bobby, Ellen, and Jody needed to know that there was a threat and that we could help them handle it. They didn’t need to know that everyone they care about might be dead soon. People work better when they’re not fucking terrified.”
“I never much liked being spoken down to,” he said. “I tend to assume no one else does either.”
“Oh and tell Sam next time he wants to pull something like this, I’m going to kick his ass,” said Dean. “If he wants to tell me something, he can do it to my face.”
“Don’t ask stupid questions,” Castiel said quietly. Jo and the man exchanged glances, and when the man looked back at him this time, there was a little less suspicion in his eyes.
Dean focused on the entirely wrong part of Castiel’s query.
FEBRUARY 10, 111 A.L. - IRA
“I suppose it’s my fault for thinking you would remember I’m dead,” says Cas, voice gone a little cold. “Or perhaps that you would remember why I’m dead. All so you could live. And look at you now. Just another man dying some sad little death born from his own stupidity.”
Anna pressed a hand against his chest.
“That’s not what we’re doing.”
“Drinking as a coping mechanism is something I am very familiar with Cas, and you ain’t on the healthy side of that line anymore,” Dean said. “Not that there is a healthy side, but still. You and Jo getting wasted every once in a while is fine. This isn’t.”
Everything’s been clear for a few days when Billie finds them again. They’d been wary of Death since they realized people were disappearing in large numbers, taken by reapers who were evacuating heaven. They’d been even more concerned when they realized she was looking for them specifically. She and her reapers had been less than pleased with Ash’s ability to transport the four of them to stable spots on Heaven’s “grid” whenever a reaper gets too close to them. Billie had managed to get close enough to leave with Charlie, but Ash told them that was a special situation. Someone had bargained for her life back, and there’s no outrunning magic like that.
“-who spend the entire time moaning about Dean Winchester, and I can’t even pretend I’m better than you and Benny because half the time I’m doing the same fucking thing about her,” finished Jo. After the rant was off her chest, she seemed to lose steam, and her voice became a lot quieter. “She doesn’t love me, Cas.”
“Making sure the newbies are settled in,” said Jo. “I was going to check in on Cas, but I hadn’t seen him around until now. Shoulda known you were trying to indoctrinate him into liking that damn book.”
“No,” says Sam. And then because he figures it’s better to rip the bandaid off. “Hunt went bad. I got… hurt.”
“So I shouldn’t have tried?” Jack asks her.
“Azazel didn’t care about Dagon and Ramiel as much as he cared about getting Kelly back,” said Mary. “We’re at war and he can’t afford to lose a weapon. And he’ll like it even less if we take her in.”
“Well, I guess that means I have nothing to lose,” she said. “Good thing these morons don’t know a home made bomb when they see one.”
“You deserve to be happy, too, Castiel,” Selma told him. Then she let him go and Castiel carried on with the competition as though their conversation hadn’t happened. No one else seemed to have noticed.
Cas swallowed. He didn’t like to think about that.
“Or you could renegotiate the hostages,” said Castiel. Mary shook her head, eyes grim.
“That she tried to kill you before, and that she’s the one who turned us in?” he said. Charlie sighed.
“Why would your face be messed up?” Castiel interrupted at last, giving up figuring it out himself.
It wasn’t quite deception. He had no plans to put innocents in danger during his time as a double agent, and even though he was working for Naomi, he wasn’t going to give her anything that could harm those that couldn’t decide for themselves the situation they’d been born into.
“Anyways, you’re wrong,” said Dean. “The chips are down, odds a million to one and I only get one guy? Sam Winchester.”
“And then Linda Tran,” Jo said, nodding toward the woman who while wary was much more polite toward Castiel. “Meg Masters. And you already know Lydia of course.”
“Go have fun, babe,” he said, a firm reminder to Cas that they were still acting. “I have something I need to get sorted.”
“And I know you can go to hell,” said Dean with tilt of his head and a hand gestured towards the door.
“We need to win.”
“Kinda,” said Charlie. Dean gave her a look and she sighed. “Alright, we can talk about why the state sucks later. I’m assuming Jody probably wants me back to look at intelligence reports.”
“How about four against one?” she asks. He blinks. “Think you still got a shot?”
He thinks she’s gonna say something else. Something cutting. He kinda hopes she does, thinks maybe it will make him feel better. To know what awful names he should be calling himself, to know just how he fucked it up so badly this time, to have somewhere to start with what happened in that dungeon with Death at the door and the feeling of familiar relief when Cas said he knew how to get Dean out. That bone deep memory of Cas as something bigger than himself, someone he could rely on wholly without worry. And even if it hadn’t been true for a long while, it never stopped feeling true. And then the panic when Cas had said all he had to give was his life in exchange, and why not? Not like it was worth something. Not to Cas.
“Sweet dreams?”
Finally, they got to the end of the contract and the last few agreements that had been made.
“Thank God for small favors,” said Dean. “Garth, you make sure you’ve got Benny’s back since he’s gonna be distracted watching mine. Cas-“
“I’m a prisoner then?” Cas asked. Kelly flinched. So the irony wasn’t lost on her.
When they finally made it to Amara’s door, it was nearing dawn. She ushered them inside briskly, her eyes scanning the road to make sure no one else saw. Then they were hurried to the back of her spacious apartment (something Cas was shocked she could afford) and into a large room that was set up to look a little like a hospital emergency room. Alicia, Max, Krissy, and Tracy were all asleep in one of the cots. A crazed looking Charlie leapt from where she had been fiddling with a radio and glared at all of them. The others were nowhere to be seen, but there was a door that led to another room of cots that Cas suspected might be where they were sleeping. Or at least some of them. Others might be patrolling the streets, looking for them.
It was strange being in uniform again. Castiel had been wearing one for over half of his life. It shouldn’t feel so strange.
“Is everyone okay?”
“When do I get to leave?”
“I’m sorry, was that directed at me?” Cas asked. Rosali elbowed him. Cas was glad to see she didn’t seem to distrust him as much as Jason did. “He’s just young. You’re older than him and good with guns. I’ve been assured that is catnip for adolescents. I’m sure he didn’t mean anything by it.”
“Well yeah, that. But he was also hurting people,” said Dean. “And he wasn’t going to stop.”
“Hey,” Dean shouted, hand flying to his mouth. “Dith you jus’ bite ma ton’?”
Sam, who for some reason was able to sleep, had banished him from the motel room about an hour earlier because Dean’s pacing was driving him crazy. In all fairness, it was driving Dean crazy too. He wanted to believe so badly, that it was all going to end soon. That they’d hit Devil Day and at the very least the weight of the world would be off his shoulders. Because it was enough to know he was a failure, but he couldn’t make everyone else pay the price for his mistakes. Or maybe he could, he thought to himself darkly, as long as it kept Sam alive. And it was that thought that finally pushed him to knock back the rest of his whiskey. It slid down his throat, burning all the way down.
Only Jo, Risa, Charlie, and Castiel were in the room while one of Crowley’s men read through the contract and Charlie and Dean corrected wording and argued against clauses that could be twisted in ways they didn’t like. Piece by piece the agreement was falling into place.
“Don’t mention it,” said Maggie, sitting down on one of the beds next to Corbett, who was his usual quiet self. He didn’t seem entirely happy that Castiel had been reassigned, though he was being more neutral than the obviously perturbed Maggie. So they were in agreement then, that what was happening didn’t make any sense.
“What the fuck are you talking about?”
She drove off before he could answer her. Castiel looked up to where he imagined Anna was probably watching him from. He wondered what she would think of him, attempting this charade. That he was out of his depth, probably. Then again, if she was looking down, it was likely only to make sure he kept his promise to try to stay alive.
Well that was weird. And cool.
As he exited the building, Castiel realized he was unsure where exactly he should be going next. He looked around for a friendly face, and after a few minutes caught sight of Boris, who was sitting next to a woman reading a book. Castiel raised a hand in greeting and Boris nodded at him unenthusiastically. It was less than encouraging, but Castiel only wanted to know where Charlie was living or where he could find someone who could give him something to do.
“How do we know it’s not a bomb? Or a tracking device?” asked Krissy, still stubbornly suspicious of him. Cas growled in frustration.
“I, um, I had to just pick myself up off the floor. Sam and Jack, they wanted to know what happened to you and I couldn’t- uh. I got it through to Sam eventually. What happened. And then there was the whole thing with Chuck, right, and you weren’t there. And I couldn’t make it make sense in my head, because you’ve always been there for the really big stuff, y’know?” says Dean. The longer he talks, the more and more confused Cas looks and Jesus it’s getting hard to get it all out. “It didn’t even really feel like we’d won, now that I think about it. We just drove around in circles for a while, after we left Chuck behind and Jack did his thing. Stopped in town, got something to eat. Then Sam and I, we went back to the bunker and I went to sleep that night, and I kinda didn’t think I’d even wake up. Y’know with Jack in charge and everything. I’m not… I’m not even really supposed to be alive. I’ve been on borrowed time longer than I’ve known you. But you died for me and I wanted Sam to feel like he was finally safe for once in his fucking life, so I had to keep pretending to be happy. And I almost convinced myself, for a second there. Really, really convinced myself.”
“Jo-“
“But I knew. I always knew,” she says, helplessly. Her hands shake on the steering wheel. Patience’s head lolls against the window. Maybe she really is asleep. Claire feels a burning at the back of her throat. “I mean you wanted it to be him. Not like it said why in Chuck’s stupid books, but you were so relieved when Cas took him and not me. Maybe you didn’t even know why, but I did. I do.”
It’s about mid-morning when Dean realizes that Jody left her phone on the kitchen counter. In her rush not to be late that morning, she must have only taken her work phone and forgotten her personal cell. Dean plugs it in for her, hopping across the kitchen to open the fridge and scrounge some leftovers from the night before. A few minutes later, the phone starts ringing. Figuring it might be one of the girls, Dean decides to check the caller ID so if it is he can answer and let them know to call Jody’s work phone instead if they need her. He slips Miracle a few pieces of roast beef before picking up the phone, smiling a little at how pissed Sam would be if he knew Dean was giving Miracle people food again.
“Castiel,” he said back. “Now go!”
When Dean woke up in the hospital after the vamp case, he was asked by the nurse tending to him if he was a victim of trafficking. Which was definitely a way to knock him out of the haze of pain medication he’d been lost in. The first thing that went through Dean’s head was how he’d supplemented his funds in his early twenties when credit card scams weren’t cutting it and he’d been left to his own devices, and that he’s pretty sure the kind of thing he’d been up to didn’t count, and how would they know about that anyway? The second thing that went through his head was that he was pretty sure he’d just had a near death experience, emphasis on the near. The third thing, and the thing that actually came out of his mouth was: “What the fuck are you talking about?”
“Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds,” says Ash casually, finishing whatever he is working on and turning to look at Cas properly. “To what do I owe the pleasure of God’s new right hand?”
He didn’t know he could still get lost in the bunker after all these years, but he takes a weird turn somewhere and ends up in a hallway he doesn’t recognize. He stops short, forgetting for a moment that Cas is behind him. The unfamiliarity settles under his skin, and the weight of the ground above him presses down like it hasn’t in years. He could be buried here, the ceiling caved in on top of him. Stranger things have, in fact, happened.
“He still took advantage of you,” Cas pled quietly with her. “He shouldn’t have-“
“Yeah. Me too,” said Dean, before leaning in again. It was better, that second time. Less angry. Less like a trigger finger ready to pull. Cas could feel Dean’s muscles relaxing under his hands, like they’d just been waiting for someone, anyone, to touch them like this.
“Closer to my age is a, uh, ‘relative term.’”
“You are such a weirdo,” says Eileen, leaning up to kiss him on the nose. She pats his cheek, smiling at him. “It’s cute though.”
“Loyal,” Castiel said quietly. “I’m loyal.”
Like her grandmother before her, you could often find Claire Winchester working at the Campbell General Store, stocking shelves and helping customers. Most days, you would also find Kaia Nieves, Claire’s best friend and closest confidante, there as well. The two were thick as thieves, and anyone with eyes would know that Kaia would take a bullet for Claire in a heartbeat.
“If you want me to leave, you can just ask. It’s not my fault Lydia made those threats, and it’s not my fault that she’s right that what you did to everyone under your command is nowhere in the realm of what a good leader should-“
“You’re actually fucking delirious right now, aren’t you?” asked Gabriel incredulously, sitting on a couch at the other side of the room.
“She’ll be pissed if you don’t say goodbye.”
They’re interrupted by a waitress who asks them in a false cheerful voice whether or not they need more time with the menu. They all look up at her, silent. She falters and leaves, promising to come back later. They all go back to mostly not talking to each other, except Jack, who tries to figure out what his mother’s favorite food is and manages to coax most of a conversation out of Michael and Adam (who is the slightly more talkative of the two, Amara thinks). Michael doesn’t thank her for his resurrection and she doesn’t want him to. It is, all put together, definitely a meal shared between people of dubious familial relationship to each other.
Dean didn’t seem to be surprised that Charlie wanted him there. He seemed a little frustrated Charlie had woken up so soon, but the moment he was at Charlie’s side he pulled her to his chest and hugged her, patting the back of her head while keeping a rather stoic expression himself.
“I don’t think you’re alone,” said Castiel. Everyone seemed twitchy, and it didn’t encourage confidence in their ability to respond well once the threat was at hand. “It makes sense for them to bide their time. It only means more opportunity for them to plan and for us to make a mistake that they can exploit.”
“Depends on what?” Cas says through gritted teeth. Billie walks forward, her scythe dragging along the floor as she does so. She crouches down, meeting Dean’s eyes. She takes her time measuring the life draining from him. Dean stares back, unfazed.
“Jesus, Claire,” Dean mutters, obviously embarrassed. “We didn’t- I mean-”
“I hate all of you,” Charlie said. Then she added. “Not you, Claire.”
“Is mommy ever coming back?” asked a high pitched voice. “She’s been gone for forever.”
“Not that it’s any of my business, but are you okay, dude?” she asked.
“I do,” Jo admitted, turning to look at him as they reached her car. “But I know one thing. You’re not lying about your friend. And that means I’m almost a hundred percent sure you’re fighting for us. Maybe you don’t want to, and that’s dangerous. But you don’t see something like you saw and come out the same person. I guess what I’m saying is I believe in you even if I don’t trust you quite yet.”
“An outline. This motherfucker tells me he has an outline. Kill me now,” mutter Gabriel to Kali.
“How are… things?” he asks first, sparing a glance at Patience. Seeing her shake her head, Cas turns again to Claire. He considers his words for a long few seconds and then speaks. “Claire?”
He wasn’t looking forward to it.
“So did you see Anubis on the way up? He’s decent for a god. I mean, he could get it-“
*****
Cas turned around to see Dean and Jo wearing very similar expressions. Both seemed amused to have caught him off guard speaking to Balthazar. Clearing his throat, Castiel introduced them, realizing he had yet to explain who was who.
“No, I mean… it doesn’t seem right, in a lifetime in which I’ve made the choices I’ve made that I should get your time and attention,” said Cas. “If only because I want them so badly. It’s hardly fair.”
Finding Dean turned out to be easier than he thought it would be.
***************
“So you can all figure out how mediocre I actually am at poker?” asked Castiel. “No thank you.”
“It’s not something I’d like to discuss,” Castiel said at last. “I didn’t expect this reaction, and it can’t be helped. You can tell Jo that this aversion is not her fault if you think it will help.”
Cas could hear himself stuttering an answer, and Dean seemed thrilled to have knocked him so  far off balance. He clapped Castiel hard on the shoulder and left briefly after that, promising they would all be free to go soon. Soon couldn’t come quickly enough.
“Hey, easy man,” the blonde woman said, holding up her hands. “I just want to talk.”
Castiel was right that they intended to leave the car behind. Each of them piled into the other cars and drove away. Benny didn’t sound happy to hear this reported to him and Castiel wondered if anyone was going to dare seeing why they had left the car there.
“I’m not trying to,” said Dean, sighing in frustration. “Cas, really think about it. Zach wants to be the next Lightbringer and diplomacy isn’t working. What’s he going to try next?”
JUNE 28, 2163 CE - NOWHERE PASS
“I know.”
“Dean?” he says, questioning. Then a huge grin breaks across his face. “Dean! Hey!”
“Libidine has been overrun by resistance forces,” said Naomi. “They took advantage of the changing of hands of the Lightbringer-“
“It appears so.”
“You’ve already won her over,” said Castiel back without thinking. Charlie blinked at him.
“Oh good,” muttered Dean.
“Wow. You’re a delight to be around,” Dean said sarcastically, finally finding his foothold into the conversation. “Gabe wasn’t kidding about the potty mouth when you get going-“
It doesn’t help that Dean is so light and calm. Almost euphoric, if Sam had to put a word to it. He drives them out to bumfuck, Ohio just for a pie eating competition, dropping Miracle off at a kennel along the way. Although Dean is kind of a hardass with the people who work there to make sure Miracle is gonna be well taken care of, Sam is just relieved he didn’t insist on bringing Miracle along. It’s a little ridiculous how much time Dean spends with the dog these days. He starts to wonder if Miracle is a little like a canary in a coal mine. If Dean is waiting for the little guy to disappear again, and he can hold on as long as that doesn’t happen.
He dies himself, still wondering.
“Right,” she says. Then her face goes white. “You, uh, you died.”
Selma tried to play the words off as a joke, but Castiel could tell there was honest worry behind them. He reached out and took Selma’s hand as a sign of comfort.
Chuck cleared his throat.
Driving got hard the closer to the center of the city they got. Soldiers roamed the streets, but no one stopped them on their way to Mortimer’s home. Almost as though they’d been ordered not to stop them. Dean had papers they could use and had taken one of the less conspicuous routes through the city as preventative measures, but they turned out to be entirely unnecessary. It was making the hairs stand up on the back of Cas’ neck.
The last word was stretched out a long time and ended with a shriek that dissolved into small bursts of laughter.
It was a game of feints, and Castiel already had no idea who was winning.
She was sparing him, but making sure he knew who had turned them in. He couldn’t understand why she would do this. To hurt him? She had to know he would swat away whatever pathetic attempt at revenge this was, kill her if he had to. But there was something in her eyes that made him stay to the shadows. As if he were in on the joke somehow. As if they were on the same side.
***THEN***
Cas doesn’t say anything. Dean starts to look very nervous.
“So her death means something, so that your pain means something,” said Hannah. “Because otherwise she’s just another person who picked the losing side in a pointless conflict and died a sad and pointless death. I ache when I remember her, Castiel. But I didn’t abandon my post.”
“You’re baggage isn’t my fucking baggage, Cas,” said Dean. “Don’t try to push your shit on me. You don’t know me, and you don’t get to pretend to.”
Dean trailed off and looked down to Castiel’s hand. His missing finger had been bandaged freshly over as well. Castiel covered it with his other hand.
“You didn’t take your own advice.”
“Was rescued,” Castiel corrected, holding to the lie he’d come up with previously to emphasize his uselessness as a hostage. Naomi pointed a remote at a screen, and Castiel saw a replay of Jo blowing up the prison cell. He heard their conversation repeated back to him, and Jo’s promise to come back for him.
“I blew up the elevator,” he said, ignoring the string of curses Charlie responded with. “Charlie, can you get us out of here?”
“You didn’t do anything to me. Well, that’s not entirely true,” Cas corrects himself. “You were my friend, and you made me question what is right and wrong and forced me to think about my actions beyond whether or not I was following orders or some hidden plan. You gave me permission to be myself, and you brought me back whenever someone else tried to take that away from me. But the way I feel about you… Dean you couldn’t touch that if you tried. I just love you. You’re trying to complicate this, to make it into something it’s not. I love you because you are the most incredible man I have ever met, not because I am confused or don’t know enough about the world to know what or who I want. That’s what I’m trying to tell you. You don’t need to love me back the same way. I’ve never needed that from you.”
“That was a good bit of magic, Samuel. Saving the world with a binding spell, I think I know where you got that trick,” she says. She winks at Eileen. “I taught him everything he knows.”
“Yes,” Cas asked sleepily. “What is it?”
“I’m not going to-“
Dean tells her later that is pretty much just what family dinners are like. He’s also angry she brought back Michael, but she chooses not to acknowledge that part. Michael was a part of Dean in some ways, and so her protection extends out to him. Not that Dean would like it if she put it that way. And she knows she isn’t beholden to the Darkness anymore, even though it’s hard to curb some of Her impulses. Explaining would take too long.
“And Jack, he’d feel guilty but-”
Not that that had gone so well.
“No.”
“Do you want me or do you just want my obedience?” Cas shoots back, not pulling his punches. “Because you get to throw your life away over and over and I don’t get to-”
Working under Benny had proven to be an interesting experience. It was evident from the start that Benny neither liked nor trusted Castiel, and had every intention of making that known. However, despite these sincere intentions of making Castiel’s life difficult, he had not been able to follow through as effectively as he might have and the sole reason of this was one Lydia Mann.
“Stop it,” he told her, sharply. “You had no right to say anything.”
“God, you’re a dick,” says Dean, hearing a short burst of laughter stutter through him. “What, so why’d I have to be here for this whole part? Didn’t know you needed an audience when you went invisible girl.”
“What do you want me to do?”
And then, finally, finally, the automated voice started up again. It was distorted this time, and Cas suspected the fire that had spread across half the room now and the overwhelming heat had damaged some of the electronics. Still, it worked well enough to announce that the system had been restarted and prompt another code entry. Benny wasted no time, tapping the numbers and letters on the keypad in the shape of L. It was an obvious guess in retrospect (L for Libidine, L for the Lightbringer), but seeing the keypad flash green was an enormous relief. It was even better to hear Benny yell out the countdown delay, which would be two minutes and not five as Cas had feared.
JANUARY 13, 111 A.L. - SANCTUS
“Yes,” Cas said. “But I don’t… it would mean something to me. Do you understand?”
Other fun stuff: Yes I riffing off of the idea that the Campbells can trace their lineage back to the Mayflower thank you for asking :)
Cas rather awkwardly stepped from behind the corner he’d been hiding in.
“Miracle?”
Castiel tried to ignore the feeling of tethers within him snapping as he tried to think of Anna as a traitor to the state. Anna wouldn’t…
Kelly Kline sits on the floor of the nursery she painted, staring at the mural she’d made of Jack’s name. He goes up and sits beside her. She doesn’t look at him yet, her shoulders shaking as if she doesn’t really believe she’s here. Can’t, maybe?
“I still can’t believe you didn’t tell me.”
“We need an angel for the tree,” Dean tells him self importantly. Sam grows until he’s six feet tall. He looks disappointed. Dean doesn’t change, stubbornly looking through the other ornaments. “I found one.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t fight so much with your mother,” he says. He’s trying to poke at a nerve, but it’s the wrong one if he wants much of a reaction. Dean just snorts and retreats back to his sad bag of chips. After a little while Cas finishes his sandwich and leaves. Smash comes in after another five minutes, and Dean ends up mooching some red bull and fruit snacks off of her, so that’s alright.
“Our leader, the prophet,” she said, her hand resting on her stomach for a moment. “I think you’ll like him.”
“It’s better that way.”
Castiel felt himself freeze.
“We could sit here quietly until morning,” Cas suggested. Dean rolled his eyes. “Unless you’re trying to seduce me again, in which case I decline.”
“What she said,” Jo added after a moment. “Also, Cas. We have stuff to talk about when this over.”
“Are you… are you trying to come out right now?” Sam asks, just sounding bewildered at this point. “Jesus fucking Christ, Dean.”
Jo’s eyes snapped up, and Castiel felt a tingle of fear work its way up his spine, despite himself.
“A deal’s a deal,,” she says. “Wasn’t sure what you’d pick. I think it could have gone either way.”
“I prefer Castiel actually,” he said, causing another brief smile to light up Selma’s face.
“C’mon,” Dean mutters, urging on his partner for the big finish as he rests his forehead against the bathroom tile. And then again. “C’mon!”
**********
“We can’t get into anything they’re communicating internally,” she said. “I’m already leaving a couple of holes in our defenses just to eavesdrop on outgoing and incoming messages. So while we know that there is a plan to take out camps surrounding Invidia, we don’t know the specifics of it.”
“What about Charlie? She won’t know where you’ve gone.”
“I’m glad to hear that.”
Castiel looked down.
“I said I wouldn’t,” Cas mutters, sounding annoyed. But fond too, so Dean doesn’t let it get to him.
Dean tells him on occasion that he loves him, but it always sounds bitten out, as if he is forcing himself to say it. Cas no longer says it first, waiting for Dean’s few and far between confessions to say it in return. He doesn’t know when he’ll believe it. Maybe he never will.
“Hey, don’t sweat it. Color me impressed,” said Meg. “I mean that kind of temptation is what got me in hot water with the state.”
The Roadhouse is practically empty now, except for Jo who seems unable to offend Mary to the extent whatever trigger is in place decides she is having an adverse effect on her happiness. Jo in turn doesn’t seem to find anything about Mary so loathsome that it sets anything off. She might, if she knew this version of herself couldn’t even remember her own mother because of Mary, but there was no point in bringing that up. Jo doesn’t believe her about that, and Mary knows better than to push her. She doesn’t want her Heaven to be completely empty.
It drains Sam to say it, Dean can tell. And great, now Dean feels bad for feeling conflicted. For not, if nothing else, appreciating that Cas had died happy because the stupid asshole loved him. As if Dean should feel sorry that he would rather have Cas alive and miserable and there at his side, and not just gone. He doesn’t want Cas’ sacrifice, he wants to watch old westerns with him, and make fun of him for being a dork, and know that he has someone he can count on to have his back no matter what.
“If that’s what you want,” said Mortimer calmly. Castiel was surprised by how unbothered he looked. “You may go now.”
“Wow. Not even one,” said Meg. “I mean, I’m no better. But I thought you’d at least try to defend yourself.”
Cas was fairly certain it wasn’t a fatal injury, barring any kind of infection and was relieved for more than one reason. It was embarrassing enough that Benny had saved his life, if he died to do it too, Castiel would have to be eternally grateful to someone he couldn’t stand.
The twins emerged from where they had been observing the explosions behind a barrier made of thick glass. Castiel suspected it was something they had acquired from within the town, and likely not cheaply. The twins eyes were sparkling and they exchanged excited conversation before they noticed Castiel and Sam walking up to them.
*****
And how was Castiel supposed to answer that? This identification with the resistance was a new and exciting thing to Jack and he was still young and passionate and more naive than he realized. How would one explain that it was all much more complicated than a right side and wrong one, and yes the state was wrong and Cas believed the resistance had the potential to do better things. But there were no guarantees.
When the door opened, the man on the other side recognized Gabriel and easily let the two of them in without even asking questions. Castiel and Gabriel were then in a store room full of alcohol, which Gabriel started looking through until a door shut heavily and he pretended to be doing nothing of the sort. Kali stood there, looking at him like she was thoroughly unimpressed.
“You’re only talking to me this way because I said I wouldn’t leave. Stop,” says Cas. This finally makes Dean look at him, and to his credit he does look guilty. He sits up then, swinging his legs down so he can look at Cas straight on. Then he takes off the splint Dr. Li left his formerly broken leg in and flexes his calf muscles. His hand runs down the skin of his thigh where one of the legs of his jeans had been cut short to accommodate the cast the crocotta had broken. Dr. Li had already done a good job of repositioning Dean’s bones back into the correct position. Now, however, there is no evidence Dean had ever been injured at all. Cas feels a little swell of pride, despite himself. He knows he is more than the pain he can spare Dean Winchester, and yet… It is a good feeling to spare him the pain. Cas cannot deny that to himself. “Better?”
“Yeah, but you did call me old, so,” says Dean. Jody laughs. “Haven’t you heard? Forty’s the new thirty.”
Fuck this is all a mess. Sam almost wishes he’d woken up a few hours later. At least if they were all at the bunker there’d be some place to storm off to and get the fuck out of this conversation. As it is, there’s a whole lot of withholding he’s been doing from everyone in his life that is coming out all at once and he really isn’t prepared for any of it. Especially considering he did almost die in the worst way possible earlier today and the only reason he’s alive is because he’s paranoid and better at magic than he thought he was. Not like he wants to play the pity card, but he’d appreciate it if everyone would get off his back.
“Preferably not,” says Cas. He walks over to where the crocotta is standing and slips the knife out of his frozen fingers. The blade nicks frozen Dean’s throat a little as he does so, not deep enough to be a problem, but enough to make Dean flinch, his hand flying to his own incorporeal throat. Cas stands and throws the blade across the room, out of reach and out of sight. His back is turned to Dean. “Sorry.”
Apparently Kubrick, whoever he was (Castiel remembered Selma had mentioned he was one of the few other Christians in camp), was worse than this Lydia because Benny instantly took a different tone.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “Charlie… I’m sorry.”
“Yeah, I guess,” says Claire. “I mean. I wasn’t kidding. I always knew you were in love with him. It was just different when he didn’t love you back. Now it’s like… why did my dad have to die when you get every second chance in the book and a happy ending to boot?”
“Maybe you’re the ass,” says Cas. “And money is nice to have. It let’s you buy nice cars. Much better than borrowing.”
“Dean Winchester has a daughter. Her name is Emma,” Castiel said, leading with his strongest argument for remaining on the assignment. That caused both Meg and Naomi to react with sudden interest. “I have reason to suspect he loves her enough that her safety being an issue would distract him.”
“No,” said Mary. “We’re not doing that.”
“Fuck every last one of them,” said Castiel through gritted. “I give everything for them and this is what I get? To count my dead and keep counting until my sanity slips through my fingers? Fuck Naomi and fuck Anna and fuck Gabriel and Ambriel and every last asshole that ever-“
DECEMBER 31, 110 A.L. - 30 MILES OUTSIDE INVIDIA
“Is that what this is?” asked Castiel. “You think you can just… charm me into giving you what you want?”
“Hi, baby,” she says back to him, her voice wavering. “I built that crib for you. The one over there.”
An endeavor doomed to failure from its outset, Castiel thinks. Because she’s right. He never really saw it that way before, had always been content to think that although Heaven was flawed it was better than the alternative. It was an attempt at providing people with some measure of peace. Now he can only think that what it is really meant to provide is enough distraction that the misery of eternity and solitude doesn’t set in enough to ruin the souls the way Hell does.
Naomi nodded to the third soldier who took out a small case and began assembling some kind of injection. Castiel began struggling, thinking that either it was lethal or worse, she was going to knock him unconscious and he would end up in a prison. The thought of being caged put him in a panic, and he began to hyperventilate as the third soldier approached him. The other two did their best to hold him still, and they managed long enough for one of his sleeves of his coat to be harshly pulled up, and the needle to pierce his skin.
“Spoken like a true brainwashed robot,” Charlie said, sounding disappointed. “C’mon Cas. You’re don’t have to be Mr. Soldier anymore. At least not when you’re with us. Break a few rules. Rebel a little.”
Cas left thinking that was awfully nice of him, and it was really too bad it was an empty promise. Regardless of what Dean thought he could do, Cas knew when he saw larger forces at work, and Mary Winchester was just the tip of the iceberg when it came to resentment. Someone had to pay the price change was going to cost, and it might as well be Castiel. As long as it wasn’t anyone else, it might as well be him.
“The one you made with me in which you promised me anything I want. Which was stupid, just so you know,” says Cas. “I could have asked you to stop watching daytime television. Or to throw out the handkerchief Eliot Ness touched that you got framed.”
Michael’s self assured smugness faded a fraction. Dean smiles.
Dean’s face relaxes.
“Cas,” said Claire, interrupting his thoughts. She looked tense, and it put him on guard. Claire had proved an indispensable asset on their journey to Libidine. She knew which roads to use, when to pull off the road and hide, and where they could find surplus food soldiers had stashed and civilians wouldn’t know the locations to. Her help had cut the time it took to get to Libidine in half. It didn’t make up for the week Cas had been kidnapped, but it was something.
She left with a swing in her step and for a moment Castiel thought about it. Just for a moment. The phantom Anna’s words were ringing in his ears that what he was truly afraid of, more than anything else apparently, was the idea of sex. Then again, that wasn’t quite right. It was specifically sex with Anna, that he apparently feared. It’s not like it mattered either way, in the end. He might entertain the possibility of engaging in the act, but he wouldn’t go through with it.
“Well, Cas, this is some kind of reunion,” Dean mutters, gritting out the words through pained inhales as the steady pressure on his chest increases bit by bit. “But if you’d like to get to the point sometime soon, I’m sure viewers at home would really appreciate it.”
“Okay, consider this. With the power lines between the afterlife and Earth cut, that means the power is out on every last thing you hunt. The unbearable hunger, the need to kill, that’s gonna be gone too. There will still be demons and vampires and werewolves and ghouls and angels, but they’ll just be people, in any way that matters. You might even have to start treating them that way. I’m taking away your way of life and everything that means. That enough of a catch for you?”
“If you’re supposed to sniff out trouble, you are horribly defective,” he said to the cat. She only blinked at him and then went back to curling up in his lap. He sighed and began to gently pet the creature while he waited for Charlie to wake up and begin their day of activity. This was his last day until he returned to Naomi and shared what he had learned and found out the pre-approved useful information he was going to be allowed to share with Dean so they could plot their next attempt to destabilize the state. Which meant he had to have a meeting with Dean, Billie, Sam, and Charlie before he left.
“So Charlie does think of Jo as… something different than a friend?”
And then Hannah’s radio buzzed, and Castiel remembered himself, and the pleasantness was ripped away from him. He was never going to see any of them again after this. If he survived his plan, and God did he hope he was convincing enough to make up for his mistakes and trick Naomi, he would return to Ira and his garrison would be nothing but a memory.
He eventually found Jo, who was sat in a chair at one of the tables that had been dragged out for the event. With her was Sam Winchester, Jessica and Cordelia Moore, Lydia, Kevin and Linda Tran, and another boy that Castiel didn’t know by name. Selma was also sitting near them and when she saw him she gestured for him to join them at the table, which already had more chairs around it than it should. Castiel sat down gratefully next to her and tried to ignore the dip in conversation that his arrival caused.
“Some,” he admitted at last. “Listen, man, we have to vet people. This is the best tool we’ve got.”
“A trait that won me to your side.”
“Back on script, are we, Castiel?” Anna muttered. “And you were doing so well.”
“Alice, huh?” Dean says. “Wait til I tell the other guys. It’ll ruin your whole vibe.”
Cas hurries over and steadies him before he can collapse in the face of his newfound exhaustion. Soon he finds himself sat up in one of the library chairs, and slowly he can feel himself stabilizing. His body acclimatizing in a way that is establishing a new normal. There is still the chance he might throw up before it’s done, but he is trying very hard not to.
Anna walked closer, her bones cracking under her own weight, and her lips splitting as she tried to smile at him. The all consuming darkness that surrounded them seemed to eat away at her at times before allowing her wholeness once again.
“Fuck off,” said Jo. “Or do you want me to recount a few of the things you’ve done while hammered? Didn’t you let Dean give you a tattoo a couple of years back?”
“You deserved it.”
“It was Jo, wasn’t it?”
And there’s that voice again. Dean turns to see Cas standing in the room with him, or the perfect facsimile at least. He looks hesitant, unsure how he is going to be received. Too bad for him Dean Winchester’s memory is working pretty good again, and he happens to know for a fact that reapers can look like whatever they like. If they think it’ll calm down the person they’re speaking to.
“Do you want to know something?” Alistair asked. Castiel remained silent. “The best way to do this is to watch closely. See what each person responds to. Make it personal. Dean was always very good at that.”
Castiel frequently avoided Gordon. Oddly, Sam did too, another thing he had taken note of.
“We’ll discuss this later,” said Mary. She refocused her attention on Castiel. “For now, we need Kelly back and we need you to be the one to get her. We don’t want anyone to get hurt, and Risa has reliably informed us after sending off warning shots that if anyone comes to harm Kelly Kline, there’s gonna be blood.”
There’s the loud sound of cursing from across the bunker a few seconds later. Then Dean is back to tell them, but one look at Patience and he realizes they all already know. Without another word he turns around and leaves again, just as angry as before.
“She must have been angry.”
“What?”
“No,” Mary said. “No, frankly you haven’t. I think you’re using my son, and he’s falling for it.”
“Get off of me,” Dean almost shouted, much too loud for the quiet operation Hannah was trying to run. Not a single gun had gone off, which meant that they were trying not to draw attention to themselves, even more than they were trying to prevent casualties. Dean struggled against Castiel, who had grabbed his arms and forcefully pinned him to the ground.
“I know exactly what you were going to say,” said Cas. “And the answer is no, we are not going to discuss it.”
At that thought, he does feel his eyes start to water a little, but they’re long since dry by the time he gets to Sam and Jack.
“Desperate times call for strange bedfellows,” he said.
“Sam’s under a lot of stress right now,” said Charlie diplomatically. “And you didn’t help.”
“I’ll give you Castiel,” said Chuck. “In trade for your promise the Resistance won’t touch us. Won’t even look in our direction.”
APRIL 3, 111 A.L. - IRA
**********
“You wonder if Eileen is part of Chuck’s master plot?” asked Dean. “I mean that’s why you fell asleep watching my TV with her right? Scared you’d look up and see her blood dripping down from the ceiling like Je-”
He wants Sam to have a little longer than he did. Thinking that this changes anything. Thinking that being free means anything more than realizing even if you get to choose, there’s no real options. So Dean will put aside the job applications he’d been toying with and focus on what he’s good at. The only thing he’s ever been good at.
So there it is laid out before him. The trap he is meant to step into. Death has taken no pains to hide it, and Cas can see with utter clarity exactly how he is being asked to damn himself. It is, if nothing else, refreshingly honest. There isn’t even the pretense of deceit, only the game already won as far as Billie is concerned. And Cas will let her win, because the alternative is unthinkable. Because as long as he is alive, he will never let Dean Winchester die.
“That’s not fair-”
He felt a pang of pain at this and his bad mood was met with a loud meow, and suddenly a soft creature was inhabiting his lap.
“So now you know,” Anna said, sitting at the base of the tree and plucking blades of grass from the ground. She tied them into careful knots and sent small flying contraptions into the breeze. Castiel watched them fascinated as they fluttered and grew feathers, before crumbling into dust.
Dean almost had him pinned in a matter of seconds, but let Cas go and frowned at him when he realized Cas wasn’t trying. He helped him up and leaned close to whisper to him.
“Leave,” Cas said, looking at him pointedly. Dean frowned, but stood up slowly and went back to the other room. Cas lay back in his bed and closed his eyes and waited for a certain amount of sobriety to come back to him. Once he was sure he was thinking clearly enough that his half baked plans were shaping up to be something doable, if still insane, he stood up and started packing up supplies.
“Uh, me, Jo, Ash, Tasha, Asa. We’ve kinda been looking out for each other up there,” says Charlie. Sam startles a little at that combination of names. Well, he supposes they are all dead. And they do all have the Winchesters in common, in one way or another. “We all ended up in the same area and we were trying to work the problem, y’know? Of Heaven being mostly a suckfest and then a slightly weirder suckfest that went sideways really fast. Something not boring to do at least. Eternal contentment is mind numbing, actually.”
“I’m sorry.”
“She kidnapped Chuck?!”
*****
“How about we have you sit down,” said Jess, gesturing towards one of the beds.
“Looks like the judgmental freak knows how to drink after all,” Benny drawled, making Cordelia laugh. “Not that there’s anything wrong with going without,” Benny said, tipping his head toward Selma, Sam, and Jess.
“Rowena.”
Billie had insisted they spend the night, and told them she would debrief them with information they needed in the morning. Because of this, Dean had taken a cue from Risa and assigned everyone a buddy to keep an eye on. He had paired himself with Benny, Balthazar with Jack, Remiel and Hael, and Cas with Charlie, then told everyone else to sort themselves out. It was the sort of heavy handed action that made both Charlie and Cas furious, and certainly hadn’t worked out the way Dean intended.
“Screw you,” said Sam to Jo, rolling his eyes. “And we have five, actually. Interesting story how I got the fifth one…”
Claire was only too eager to comply. She strolled the aisles with him, doing her best to come up with something reasonably witty. A few stabs in the dark, and one good laugh later, Claire was riding high enough to do the scariest thing she had ever done in her short life.
Dean bites off the end of his sentence, looking away from them all angrily. Then he focuses in on Sam.
“Good, you can talk,” said Dr. Newman sounding relieved. “I’m going to need to ask you some questions.”
“You don’t have a spoon, so that’s an empty threat,” said Dean. “Anyway, where was I… oh yeah, and some people are real passenger seat drivers. Bossy fucking-“
“You wanna know what? Fuck it. What do you want?” asked Dean. The king had shrugged, bored. That was when the yelling started. “Crowley, if you don’t fucking help us-“
“Fine,” Claire says, turning from Patience to race down the stairs after Dean and Cas. Figures that she’s a lot more spry than two old-ish men, even if miraculously Dean’s knees have never given out. She catches up to them before they even reach Jody, attempting to give her a quick goodbye before they race out and off to their own lives. Like always. “Hey!”
“Nope, we are not using that. Someone might have put a tracker on it,” she said. “We’re just going to leave it sitting pretty here.”
“Oh. Well, that explains that,” said Gabriel. “It was a sex joke. You know-“
“I keep having this conversation with you in my head,” says Dean. “Every night I think it all through, and I know you can’t hear me but… Cas, what am I doing wrong? I thought this was what you wanted.”
“If I don’t die from detox, I’m going back to Superbia to murder him,” Castiel muttered darkly.
“Jesus fucking Christ, I am not sleeping with Cas,” said Jo, anger back with a vengeance. She took two quick steps forward and dragged Charlie forward into a kiss. Charlie’s hands immediately went around Jo’s neck. A few seconds later Jo pulled back.
“About me. Not a mastermind, or a long time conspirator against the state. Just someone caught up in something larger than themselves,” said Anna. “Are you disappointed?”
“You like spending time with Patience.”
Weaving through the discarded cars, many of them already long rusted out from the long years Bobby had run this place, Cas finds himself taking the long way back. There is some part of himself that wants to avoid Dean, some frisson of guilt that lodges in his throat whenever they are alone together and there is nothing to distract himself with. Though he does like to distract himself, he thinks, the guilt widening within himself a little. If lust is the only way he can find Dean to beg for him, he’ll take every word and bury it under his skin. Burn every last whisper into himself, if he has to. It is like he is already remembering Dean, instead of living with him.
“Did you come here for a reason, Jo?” Castiel asked dryly, eyebrows raised as he reached for another article of clothing to wash. Jo frowned at him, playing hurt.
“Forgive me if I find that hard to believe,” said Cas. “I am a traitor in every sense of the word and I despise you.”
“Hey!” Jo yelled, catching sight of him running and stepping directly in the way of him. “Where do you think you’re going?”
Dorothy sat back. She kept her expression blank, but Cas could see her hands tighten slightly. He was glad to see that dealing with McCleod seemed to be a universally unpleasant experience. He had started to think perhaps he was imagining how annoying he was.
“No.”
“Yes, but he was going to do so as a show of force, to impress the other mayors,” said Castiel. “Now he has to think of what might happen if you attack. The state still doesn’t know the specifics of how Libidine fell as far as I’m aware. Everyone is uncertain, and with resistance forces increasing in number outside Invidia and then surrounding the city? You could have given Zachariah an excuse to use excessive force with impunity.”
Damn it, Castiel thought to himself. Meg. How he had missed her the first time he’d made a scan of the room, he couldn’t fathom (it might have had something to do with being kicked in the crotch by a vindictive Dagon) but there she was at Azazel’s right hand. Meg, who knew what Castiel had done to save Charlie and had known even before he had known himself how conflicted he was, which could only mean that Azazel knew too.
“Did everything go okay, with…” Dean trailed off, seeing Charlie’s eager expression and just how obviously she was eavesdropping. “Yeah, sure. Privately.”
Gabriel let out a sigh.
“It’s okay to be broken,” she said. “And it’s okay to get better, too.”
“I’m merely trying to work out the intricacies of nepotism and whether or not its beneficial as a method of organizing a militia,” said Castiel. He could see the gears turning in Sam’s head as he realized what Castiel was implying. “Not to insult you, but you make little sense as a second in command from a strategic point of view. You’re younger than all of the captains and have a history of disloyalty to the cause.”
There was dead silence for the space of five seconds in which Cas tried to (unsuccessfully) make himself as unnoticeable as possible. This was maybe why he missed Selma going up to both Charlie and Jo and sharply grabbing the both of them by their ears. The two loud and indignant shouts that came after were more than enough to alert him that something was happening.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Sam asks, cutting in before Dean can say anything. Which is probably good, because Dean was thinking about letting his fists do the talking. “Rewrite?”
“You guys packed half the fridge from Jody’s place, you already went through all that?”
“I just looked where I would want them to be,” said Castiel. “It’s not skill, it’s muscle memory.”
“You’ll be fine. You’re going to be fine—“
So that’s why he had been switched. A strange mix of affection for Jo standing up for him and disappointment at Dean overtook him.
“Most people don’t know what to look for,” says Tasha. “I can feel the energy shifting around us, changing. It isn’t stable. It’s like…”
“Claire, are you okay?”
And maybe that was why Benny still got under Cas’ skin, despite everything they had in common. Because Benny was a better person than him, and they both knew it. Even worse, Benny was a better person than Cas, and he loved Dean just as much as Cas did. And Dean loved Benny back, of course he did. But only as a friend. And that he had found some place in himself to love Castiel did not make any rational sense.
“Okay, then,” said Risa. She went back to cutting his hair, slowly and methodically. When she finished, she sent him to the bathroom mirror to take a look. Castiel stared at himself, trying to remember the last time he had looked like this. Probably before Anna died.
“Yes,” says Dean. And because he hates himself. “But hey, at least I wasn’t entertaining a fucking marriage proposal on the side-“
“For yelling at him in front of everyone?” says Claire. “I mean, welcome to the club. But I had a way more legitimate bone to pick.”
“If it’s the right side, yeah. I’m happy with my decisions,” said Lydia. She looked up at Castiel. “Are you? This whole revenge for lost love or whatever… how’s it working out for you?”
“He’s been a liability from day one,” said Gordon. “The only reason he’s not dead right now is-“
“We’re not living,” insists Tasha. “Haven’t been for a while now.”
“I missed you,” Dean says. And before Sam can say anything sappy. “So tell me about this girl you tricked into liking you.”
Cas nodded at him, looking a little astounded. Dean supposed he couldn’t blame the poor guy. Not like he’d asked for his best friend to lay one on him. Though he hadn’t really seemed to mind either.
“Their leader’s my brother, he’s not going to kill me.”
“What do I look like, google?” Dean asks. Cas takes out his own phone, and God he’s actually looking it up. Fuck Dean’s life. Once he’s finished, he frowns at Dean in mild concern. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“I’m not saying anything is like anything,” says Smash. “I’m saying that Cas might like going to pride. Jesse already talked to him about it, and he said he wasn’t sure whether or not he wanted to go. I just figured since you’re his best friend, well…”
“How much do you want me to give up for you?” Cas demanded quietly. “When is it going to be enough?”
“Would you like to sit with me?” Selma asked when she saw Castiel had noticed her.
“I’ll let you know,” Castiel agreed. The tallest place he knew of in the current area was the top of a building Castiel had learned several days ago served as a communal dining area and doubled as an illicit school for the children to attend. The state allowed rural families the ability to opt out of aptitude tests for their children with the assumption they would go into agriculture and didn’t need a formal education for their work and that their family would teach them what they needed for their trade.
Cas told him that Dean was the man with eyes like sunshine through leaves, and he thinks, he knows that somehow Anna led him there. God led him there.
“And how are we supposed to know the difference?” she asked, sounding tired. “But I trust Chuck.”
So Cas does. Dean wakes up the next morning in some forty year old man’s bed. There’s a picture of his wife on the nightstand. Dean tries to ignore the sudden slam of unexpected guilt and checks his phone as a distraction. There’s only one message on it. It’s from Sam.
“No.”
“Know what?”
“No words,” Dean repeated darkly to Jo. “None.”
Jo and Selma still visited on a regular basis to keep him relatively entertained while he got his strength back, but even they seemed distracted. No one would tell him exactly what was happening, but whatever was going on had cast an air of solemnity over everyone. Dr. Newman had taken to pacing, in between the time when patients were visiting him.
“Keep waiting,” he says. “Don’t give up on me.”
It’s a few days before Dean is cleared to leave the hospital. At first, Sam isn’t even allowed to visit him, and the nurses side eye him as he resolutely parks himself in the waiting room. Eileen has to talk him down over text from just trying to sneak into the actual hospital area and figure out what the fuck is going on.
“So you confronted him,” says Cas. “But he admitted everything, not just that he was a man.”
“Well-” Sam starts, because it’s not like Dean confided in him about thinking Cas might be alive. Which is kind of a double standard actually. But before he can make that point, Eileen tugs on his arm, frowning up at him with a raised eyebrow, and yeah he’s in trouble.
“Why would you say that?” he said. Perhaps it was the wrong thing to say, because Samandriel took it as a confirmation.
Cas was just the slightest bit biased in agreeing that that was a very good idea, even though he would never do it himself.
“I mean, we… If I got my way we’d just keep on living. You’d be around more. Maybe I’d retire, mostly. So what, you want to fuck me while we’re at it? I could do that. You’re pretty good looking, not like you didn’t know that already,” says Dean. Cas doesn’t say anything. “You gonna say anything?”
“I have to get the others,” Hannah interrupted, jumping where she stood as she remembered. “I told them I’d call when you woke up. I should call them.”
Cas stares at him.
“Do you want me to be?”
“If I was going to do that, I wouldn’t be telling you, would I?” Billie says. “I didn’t consider it. Hell’s a battery, same as Heaven. I think it’s about time someone cut the power lines. To Heaven, to Hell, to Purgatory…”
“I’m gonna bribe Eileen into shaving all your hair off if you don’t stop talking right now,” says Dean. This convinces Sam to shut up. For about two seconds.
“Most people see their living loved ones dead,” Castiel said at last. “I have the opposite problem, and I’ve had it for some time now. She’s nothing but a dream, and she isn’t hard to recognize as such.”
Before Sam has time to process any of that, Dean starts to stir.
The twins trudged off sullenly at having been ordered away from their work. Sam, on the other hand, went behind their glass shield to look over the notes they’d left behind to return to later. Castiel followed him.
“And I was only trying to do the right thing infiltrating Superbia. I couldn’t have known-“
“Yeah, we got a deal,” said Dr. Newman. He smiled with a look in his eye that told Castiel he was day dreaming about getting his hands on state technology. Cas had managed to redress himself by the time Dr. Newman broke himself out of it. “Hey, one more thing though.”
“That’s not how it happened,” Castiel said. Jo shuddered at the sound of his voice, paling as she saw him reach for her to act as some sort of comfort. Anna appeared in Cas’ peripheral vision, and he did his best to push her from his mind. “You didn’t shoot to kill. I would know. I was very angry about that.”
“I see,” Cas says. But he doesn’t. Not yet. Instead he sees his memory of original Bobby sigh and roll his eyes.
“I had a conversation recently. With Kaia actually. She has a good head on her shoulders,” says Cas. “She told me to set down roots. Become a part of the world, maintain my friendships, to be accountable to the people who love me. I think I want to build something with my own two hands and live in it. A place where people will know where to find me.”
“I thought you said I would only get in the way,” said Castiel. He didn’t mean it, though. He was happy to have distraction from Anna at this point.
>>This is Eileen.
“Sure thing, soldier,” said Mandy in a tone suggest enough to make Ellen shake her head in disappointment. Mandy laughed at Ellen on her way out.
“Because she still thinks these books are stupid,” said Charlie, face falling into a lighthearted scowl. “I’m going to win her over someday, just you watch.”
“A few days,” Castiel answered, feeling a little numb as he did so. Garth asked more questions about his eating and sleeping habits, drinking habits, drug use, whether he had feelings of worthlessness or hopelessness, whether he had feelings of irritation or restlessness. Cas answered each of them honestly and Garth took notes, and then it was over.
Dean’s body quickly starts to fail him, his heart beat getting slow and irregular at an alarming pace. Somehow, he isn’t dead yet. This is surprising, and enough to draw him out of his pain to glance blearily in the direction of his impending death, only to find the gaping wound in the universe Jack had let loose is starting to close now. It takes a moment longer to set in that Jack has stopped. Cas and Claire seem to realize the same second he does, and they all stare at Jack lying absolutely still on the library floor.
“Very Scooby Doo.”
She wants to. So furiously. Wouldn’t it all be worth it, being chosen for a gift like this and having no say in the matter, if she gets just a little bit of payment in return? And why not her? She has just as much right as the Winchesters ever did to play fast and loose with life and death.
“And we’re currently staying with them?” Castiel asked. Charlie made a face.
“What do you call this?”
“Good luck with that,” said Dean, slapping him lightly on the shoulder. “I’m rooting for you, sunshine.”
“But when Jack took on that power, he-” Sam continues, horror starting to take him over.
“Back to your family,” said Benny. It took a second for Cas to realize who he was talking about. The Novaks. “Which, maybe that would be good for you. I don’t know. I’m not telling you to stay with Dean or else. I’m telling you don’t leave him because you think it won’t matter. It will. Much as I hate to admit it.”
“How long?”
“Hey.”
“I’ll be back,” he promises.
“You know what you’re giving up,” Castiel said after a moment. “For the resistance or not, this is treason. And helping Kelly is another a strike they will hold over your head. Dean might not be able to let you back after this is all over.”
“Give him a second,” Sam says. He’s right. Of course, he’s right. Cas isn’t even sure what he wants from Dean. To be yelled at? To be disowned? To pay somehow for the wrongness of this situation. “It’s not your fault. He knows that, but…”
Apparently this was all she needed to say.
***THEN***
“Claire was in trouble. Jody wasn’t around,” Dean seems to settle on. Sam snorts derisively, because that is so not a good excuse. Eileen is staring at him, obviously struggling to follow the insane conversation they’re having. He signs at her quickly, promising to explain. She nods, but keeps watching his lips for now. Dean in the meantime has latched on to a new piece of ammo to use in their argument. “And hey, now that I am checking my messages, were you gonna mention the whole dying thing? Because it seems like you kinda downplayed that part.”
Castiel filed the information away for future use. The future came more quickly than he expected it would.
There was a moment of consideration before Dean shook his head.
“Walk me back to my tent,” Jo said, and Castiel agreed, glad when Jo set the bottle down. He would rather the stuff go to waste than Jo drink the whole of it. They went, and something about Jo seemed to be filled to the brim with a kind of nervous energy. When they reached the entrance of her tent, instead of Castiel going on his way, Jo pushed him inside.
“Fine. Castiel, why are you here?”
“Okay,” she said sullenly. Jo and Dean took this as the admission of defeat it was and returned to their own (separate) beds. Soon Emma came back to her shared room with Claire. “Someday soon, I swear I’m never going to talk to you again.”
Sam’s expression shifted subtly into one of slight embarrassment before he recounted what happened next.
“Yeah, they’ve stopped about half a mile out. Five cars.”
Once the spell’s in place, Sam takes up a lookout position by the kitchen doorway. He gets there just in time to watch Dean walk backwards past the door, slowly retreating, eyes wide in either awe or fear, Sam can’t tell. A sudden tug on the back of his jacket pulls him back before he can see Jack following, but there is a searing hot light that glows through the doorway even so.
“You can’t,” says Dean. “I know it was an accident. And I know I held it against you, but- Sometimes bad things happen and you can’t fix them. You can’t fix this, and that’s okay. Or if it’s not okay, it’s something you have to learn to live with. But I’m not letting you use something like this to try to make up for something you didn’t mean to do in the first place. You want to deal with Billie, do it for yourself, at least.”
“If it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t be king at all,” said Dean. “Who helped you overthrow her?”
“No,” Cas says, startled and a little offended at the suggestion. Claire snorts at his expression, and he gets the sense that she hadn’t meant it literally, had just been trying to get a rise out of him. Which she had very much succeeded at, he thinks to himself. It is an altogether annoying part of her personality, though he can’t help but think that a little fondly. He had forgotten how very much he likes Claire, and admires the woman she’s grown into. Even if she is at times unfortunately willing to say outrageous things for no other reason than to bother people.
“Yep. Two whole days,” Gabriel confirmed. “Do you need help climbing the stairs?”
“And you want me to spy on them for you?”
The engine is still running behind her when Patience walks up to her father’s door. She knocks once, twice. The door flings open, her father standing behind it wide eyed and hopeful. When he sees her, the look of relief on his face is so stark that Patience can do nothing but hug him. There’s still some anger there, on both sides, but Patience forgot how much she missed the man who raised her. It’s good to see him again. It’ll be better when he realizes who she’s brought with her.
“Jack didn’t want you dead,” says Cas. “Any more than you wanted to kill him.”
“Why are we fighting about this?”
The second after she said that someone barreled into his side, tackling him to the ground just as a gun shot went off behind him. By the time he looked up after falling hard on his arm, Meg was long gone. Cas twisted and shot the offending guard without a second thought. She looked almost surprised to have a bullet tear through her throat.
“Protecting other rural areas,” Sam responded. “Jody’s helping to set up easy communication between us and the others. Risa, Linda, and Rufus are all guarding areas sympathetic to our interests, in case Zachariah makes a play against them too.”
“Fuck you, Benny,” said Lydia, taking her daughter’s hand and stalking off towards the stairs while Benny yelled after her to get back where she was supposed to be. Castiel took advantage of the chaos that was everyone trying to get organized so he could slip after Lydia, hopefully unnoticed. No one else bothered to chase her down.
Billie and Pamela looked toward Mortimer. He used a napkin to shine a ring on his finger before answering, taking his time.
“You said refugees are flooding Libidine. I could take some of my garrison and some of your men that the Libidine resistance are less familiar with and we could infiltrate the city. Once I find Jesse and Cesar, I can set up communication with them without you having to go into the city and risking discovery.”
“It’s the same for me,” Cas says. Because his entire worldview has shifted about two inches to the left and three degrees counter clockwise, and it’s the first thing he can think to say. “I mean, not about Anubis. He’s irrelevant, but about-“
“I think there’s something you should understand,” said Sam. “I know what you feel like right now. I’ve been through that pain and that doubt and losing myself after I found out that the state wasn’t everything it was supposed to be. I also know that I was dangerous when I was like that. So maybe, I’m not being fair to you. Maybe I’m the only one who can be fair to you. I don’t really care. But if you switch sides or you slip up, I’m not waiting you out again. No matter what Dean says.”
Castiel nodded and took the file. He was certain it would be an interesting read and wondered what information hey considered non-essential.
“You seriously-”
“Could I ask for a discount?” Dean asked. The boy raised an eyebrow at him, quietly angered at the request. This was probably fair considering the fact that it was his own work, and Dean was asking to pay less than it was worth. “It’s for a girl-“
Kelly didn’t look like she believed that second part, but nodded anyway.
“Dean’s playing.”
“Don’t you have something else you could be doing?” Ellen asked Mandy, with a fond roll of her eyes.
“Yeah, that’s what I said,” said Charlie, letting out a sigh. “It’s just… you know Jo.”
“That would be the plan,” said Castiel back to her. “You should also stay safe.”
Castiel thought about it then nodded.
“Is this necessary?” he asked her with a sigh. Naomi smiled at him, her face taking on an edge he’d never seen before. “What do you want?”
“Kate,” she offered. She frowned at him. “You seriously didn’t know that? Haven’t you been to Lucrum to terrorize the public or whatever it is you used to do?”
“No fair, Cas,” she said, eyes wide with false pain. “I was your friend first.”
“It’s a sedative,” Charlie said, taking out two pills and holding her palm out to him. Castiel’s eyes locked on them and then he began to laugh in disbelief.
“Don’t tear his stitches,” Ellen warned sharply. She too walked into the room, and Castiel noticed her and Dean exchange a glance. “I’m glad to see you got out safe. Bobby will be glad to hear it. He likes hearing about when our people win.”
“No, the entire last eight months of your life has been you throwing dumb acts of heroics against the wall to avoid dealing with consequences,” said Benny. “That’s not the same thing. I understand how you feel about who you used to be. You think you should have known better and maybe you should have. You think there’s nothing you can do to make up for the people you helped hurt, and maybe there isn’t. You think you need to do everything in your power to make yourself worth a second chance, and when you fail, you think that makes your existence worthless. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, Castiel, but Dean never stopped giving you chances. If you keep treating your entire life like a zero sum game, you’re gonna hurt a lot of people’s feelings. Or worse.”
It wasn’t longer than twenty minutes before they had reached farmland. The particular field they were on wasn’t currently being used for crops, which was lucky because even as they were walking onto the field there was a loud sound of something exploding and a bright flash to match. Castiel just barely resisted the urge to dive for cover. If Sam saw him flinch he didn’t mention.
“You’re a coward,” he said.
There would be no arguing with her, Castiel realized. And no help either. He would have to find his way out on his own.
“Oh, because I’m a primordial deity I don’t get to worry about my own comfort?” Amara mutters, taking Billie’s moment of judgment for what it is. “Jack feels the spark of a soul coming into being, but I’m the one stuck with the decay as they gray out one by one. Heaven’s not holding them properly. And Hell never did, that’s why they all end up demons.”
Every awful thought Castiel had had about her, his unwanted little sister, flashed through his mind again. The easiest, most hurtful answer would be nothing. He didn’t want anything from her. Luckily, Claire didn’t seem to be able to read that answer off his face. He dug deeper. He dug to the source of his discomfort and he laid it bare within himself, finally admitting in his own mind why Claire disturbed his mental well being so much.
