“It will be”, I whispered, “if before he arrives you take me in every room here!”
“Bedroom!” I barked. “Now!”
“She is studying at a university in London”, Mrs. Malone explained, “and read about it so decided to come and 'help out'. I would wager that the other diggers were
“You will not be saying that tonight when I will be fucking you wearing only the coat”, I said amiably.
We had been due to travel back to London on the evening of Saturday the second (the night sleeper, although I did not plan on sleeping much!), but on New Year’s Day a friend of Stevie’s called, hoping to persuade him to help elicit our aid. He could not believe his luck that we were actually there in the house. Neither could I, if for slightly different reasons!
The Adventure Of The Silent Innkeeper
“Let us get back to the warmth of the police station and I will tell you”, Sherlock smiled.
We both smiled at the appellation.
My hulk of a father towered over both me and my pest of a brother Edgar, and I wondered if I might actually make it to manhood. He had grown ever more like our impossible great-grandfather as he had gotten older, and had the sort of physicality that suggested he could bury both of our bodies without so much as breaking a sweat. But hell, I was in the right here!
The Adventure Of Mrs. Farintosh's Opal Tiara
“Harrumph!” she said again, looking curiously at him. “Yes, I think you might do very well!”
A witch grants a young man a permanent (as in lifetime) erection
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Now also broken, lying in our hotel bed gasping for breath. I had just fucked a baronet!
“We have to stop him!” John said quickly. “We must send a telegram.”
As if to prove that thinking of someone made them magically appear I found Danny at my side, hustling me out of the door and towards a darker corridor. I looked at my beautiful man – over two decades my junior and seemingly determined to sex me into an early grave – in surprise.
the Alnwick match. From something that only he had noted. And from something that he had not shared with his friends. Curious.
“You can if you wish”, he said, “but there is no need.”
“Mr. Creighton Dallas”, he said. “As I knew he would.”
A group of knights with some very burly and well-hung squires
Sequel to 'Around The World In Eighty Men', where Drake cannot sit down
Sunday passed painfully slowly but at least there were no developments in the case that I had agreed to wait for. But I found myself growing increasingly impatient; I was packed by mid-day and was restless all the way through to bedtime. Where I slept in my cold, empty bed.
Eight and a half months to go.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“An excellent idea”, Muriel agreed. “I read that and it quite inspired me. By the time he has finished that I should have my own next work done as well.”
“I do”, Mr. Malone said. “They only found it because they were building some new houses on the edge of Hailsham. The developer fellow – very fairly in my opinion – gave them six weeks in which he could work round them then they would have to be off. They have two weeks left.”
“Strafford Island is a small but strategically important nation roughly equidistant between the Hawaiian Islands and the Equator”, Captain Higgins said dryly. “A most excellent move if I may be allowed to say, sir.”
Unfortunately I already knew the answer to that one.
Judging from the knowing look and the head-shaking that Stephen Watson gave us on the platform at York Station, we might not have been fully one hundred per cent successful in that end. Oh well.
There was no need for some annoying mind-reading genius to nod like that! Harrumph!
“Counties?” I said. He nodded.
The aftermath of the performance had been draining and had involved an overly-long interview with both the King-Emperor and the President that I would long remember. I had promised (in very bad French, corrected of course by my resident blue-eyed genius) to autograph a set of my complete works for him; by this time they were being published in at least a dozen languages including French. Both gentlemen had thanked us profusely, and I had spoken with and shaken hands with George the Fifth himself! The King-Emperor of a quarter of the known world!
men!”
“We have read some reviews”, Sherlock cut in before I could say something that I would not have regretted in the slightest. “They were most intriguing, so we decided that as we were visiting the Old Country we would spend an evening watching ourselves. Vanity, one might say.”
The calm, collected way in which he said that would have been chilling, yet his eyes bore the same righteousness of character that my half-nephew and son-in-law Lord Hawke had, and that he had passed on to all three of his sons, my wonderful grandsons. Like me this boy had chosen justice before the law.
“Thank you, sir”, he said. “It is..... well, I think my mother might be all right with this but my father... he would not know what to make of it, and I am sure that people back home would tease him about it if they found out!”
He was clearly confident that he had me there. I smiled knowingly.
“This 'dig' that Miss Wolferton is on”, Sherlock said. “I do not suppose that either of you happen to know when it is concluding?”
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
“I do not think that that would be wise”, I said to her evident astonishment. “You see, you have been supplying these things to her body for some time now and to suddenly remove them might cause all sorts of complications, in the same way people can have bad reactions when they stop taking strong drugs or medicine. You said that she is to leave in two weeks' time?”
“I do not think so”, the chief-inspector said. “You see, it is like this. He obtained a job at Fortnum & Mason's, the famous department store, and although I have no idea what he does there I do know that it is not full-time. Last year Gareth fell ill and needed expensive hospital treatment. The family rallied round of course, but Mercy was a bit surprised when Galahad insisted on paying his share. It seemed a lot for someone who only worked part-time in a shop and she wondered.... well.... she wondered where he was getting the money.”
1916. The dynamic duo meet another set of friends in the second half of their Caledonian caper, John frets over his son's safety, someone gets an award, and another big ship sinks.
“The main problem of course would be his remaining uncle, who had the administering of his own estates and whom he did not like at all. He employed the services of a friend of his who had become an actress, one Miss Lily Baker. She obtained a post working for his uncle as a maid by the simple expedient of paying one of his existing staff to leave without notice. Her presence 'in the enemy camp' would play an important role in the deception that was to come.”
To my surprise he groaned.
I remember that that summer seemed particularly glorious, especially after Sherlock's nephew Tantalus and his lover Sherlock's grandson Lord Trelawney Hawke (thank the Lord my love's mother was up in Heaven and could not write about this!) arrived with Tantalus in a state. His son Carl's wife was expecting with the child due next January, and nothing could seemingly calm him down – until Sherlock suggested he and I take a drive over to Lewes for the day and leave the young men in the cottage.
He was right about human nature, unfortunately. There was nothing more likely to make people want to read something than denying them the chance so to do.
a firearm, of course, but I did notice that when we went round a farm one time and there was some shooting taking place in a nearby wood, he was a bag of nerves.
In October a chance arose to travel to London to hear a Trafalgar Day concert which would feature a new piece by Mr. Henry Wood. I was initially reluctant to go mostly because I feared any disruption to my happy existence but Sherlock eventually 'persuaded' me (use your imagination!). We could have easily travelled on to Baker Street to see the Rocklands afterwards but we instead arranged to meet them at my favourite Trafalgar Street restaurant. I was doubly glad at that; 221B belonged to the past and I wanted to remember it fondly while walking boldly into my future with the man I loved.
“I shall call in on a friend in Brighton after seeing you”, our visitor smiled, “and then back to Fray in Cumberland. His determination to prove that he still had it in him – and me! – was how he got the sprained ankle that kept him home this trip. I am sure that since Chummy took his boys to a new life in America, he has somehow gotten even worse!”
We went briefly upstairs to say a last goodbye to our rooms and it struck me that this was indeed no longer our home. The fake copies of what had once been our treasured possessions were truly symbolic; 221B was but a shadow of what had been and my future lay many miles to the south in the arms of the man that I loved. It was sad in a way but then that was the point of moving to a new life. One had to let go of the old to make room for it.
going to explain all this to us, Mr. Holmes?” Lady Bradstock asked.
We took a slower train that meant we did not have to change at Lewes, and were soon alighting at Berwick. Chuffingden seemed almost preternaturally quiet after the capital, and as we entered I paused at the door of our little cottage to look down at the village beneath us. For some reason I thought back to that 'Eve Of The War' painting in that Southwark studio some ten years back but the skies over us were blue and clear, not black and foreboding.
“Quite a contrast when we come to young Mr. Leeds's work colleagues”, the sergeant said. “Mr. Walter Burley, fifty-one, has been with the company over thirty years and seems totally respectable in every way. But his alibi for the time of the attack is poor. He went to the local pub and his wife did not remember him returning home that night. One or two people in the pub claimed to have seen him but their reliability as witnesses.... well! Sunday morning he went to church with his wife. I checked that and it was confirmed. He seemed to get on well enough with the accused, even Mr. Major had to admit that.”
“How very dreadful for him”, I said flatly, wondering if I could slip away to The Majestic Duck and cele....
– at the local garage and found myself increasingly drawn to them, rather liking the idea of being able to drive up and down the steep hill on which our cottage lay rather than having to haul my tired muscles along it – especially after Sherlock had been more thorough than usual! Although the villagers knew full well that when I smiled like that, for their own sanity of nothing else they did
It was also fortunate as things turned out that my nephew had stopped sulking and come down when he did, because Sherlock was having my birthday present delivered, a Chevrolet Master (I know, a tad late, but the ship bringing the first one over had sunk and then the idiots unloading the second one at Plymouth Docks had managed to drop it from their cranes!). Hearing that throaty roar as it came along the rutted driveway was one of the best sounds of my life – excluding the ones I could still pull out of the blue-eyed genius of course. The car was black and chrome with the essential Charger monogram on the side of course and..... oh God no! No no no no no no no no
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
He looked at me in amazement.
Not long after our trip west I may or may not have paid for Mr. Day Penmarrick to come to London to see his brother, and to call in on us 'while he was in the area'. John did not take his visit at all well......
1908. John gets a shock when someone rats on a deal in such a way that not even Sherlock can put things right. There are sports events, ideal homes and an annexation that again comes close to sending the Continent spinning into war.
A gentleman of about thirty years of age was announced and I could feel John's horror at his appearance. Some ten years younger than his illustrious brother but unmistakably of the same blood, up to and including the look he gave me that had 'someone' visibly uneasy in seconds. Prince Pale of Strafford Island, younger brother of the King Tane who had given poor John such a runaround back in 1882 and fathered a number of offspring during his brief stay here including my 'nephew' Tantalus.
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“General McCall's boy”, he said. “I was having this plaster put on at the time or as he would doubtless have described it to you, 'shilly-shallying about on the pathetic excuse of a broken leg'.”
“Mr. Gable is sixty-two now, and in poor health”, the lawyer continued. “I should add that his sons were born ten years apart; they were the eldest and second youngest of his brood. Miss Helen Gable married a bonds trader called Mr. Edmund Cooper but they both died in a train crash some years ago, although they left a young son, David, who is sixteen now. Mr. Gable does not think much of him but the boy has said that he will change his surname to Gable when he comes of age, so I suppose that he will inherit something.”
“Your son, sir?” I asked gesturing to the picture. He shook his head.
– and last child, young Stafford, after which his wife had made clear that she considered his lineage to have been sufficiently well-established. So that had been an eighteenth time (two sets of twins, on each of which occasion he had been four times as damn horny!) when he he had come round to work off his post-christening angst, and had reduced me to a happy pile of goo. I could still of course meet him at the door wearing the Panama hat which let him know I was his however he wanted it, but I had sort of been a bit regretful. On the other hand I had been fifty-five while he, damnably unfairly, had only just turned forty. We were neither of us getting any younger.
Early that autumn we had another visitor at the cottage. Mr. Henry Templar was the younger brother of our Lancashire friend the then Inspector Josiah Templar, and the younger man (who was very much a carbon-copy of his illustrious brother) was a journalist at the 'Times' newspaper. He had learned that his sibling, who had been widely expected to be promoted to chief-inspector due to a recent retirement at that level, was to be passed over because two people on the selection panel did not like his 'background' (i.e. the colour of his skin). Sherlock was able to apply pressure in the right places and our friend duly won the promotion that he so richly deserved.
“I think that's all, sir”, he said. “If anything else happens I'll make sure to let you know.”
The man was already beginning to sweat.
The Valley Of Fear
1932. Sherlock is doing things with chocolate bars that make a certain retired medical personage wonder if he will live to see his next birthday. There is a comic interlude in London, and charismatic if questionable leaders are discussed.
Galahad had a job offer that same evening. He also had a second offer from Lady Radnor – yes the sixty-one year-old Lady Radnor who was married with five children! – that extended to he and his friend doing a whole set of photographs on condition that Her Ladyship could 'sit in' while the pictures were being taken! As John so rightly said, the nobility these days!
And with that he sheathed himself inside of me in one swift movement and came almost at once, sighing his release into the darkness of the room. My cock twitched feebly but there was no way I was going to manage three orgasms in so short a time-frame and I had to be content to just lie there while he gently pulled out and draped himself over me before almost immediately falling fast asleep.
“It is the post of security guard to the ambassador's house”, I said carefully.
flags. There was patriotism and then there was overkill.
Flight Of The Batman
The (second) Adonis sighed in relief.
Had my love been exchanged for an alien while I had been distracted or something?
“Yes?” I said anxiously.
→1.6: Mark (1890-1940)
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“We should definitely talk to this gentleman”, Sherlock said. “Would you mind if we explored the vicinity of the field today, sir? I am afraid that the constable and his men have almost certainly trampled on any evidence there may have been around the stone, but we may still find something.”
“Our cultures differences can sometimes be played to an advantage”, he said. “I am sure that the likes of these bullies who torment innocent ladies and gentlemen while trying to force someone out of business for the basest of reasons, will not be among the most intelligent of humanity, to put it mildly. I also remember the doctor remarking on what that formidable lady Mrs. Maude Findlay once said, namely that when you have them by the balls, their hearts and minds will surely follow.”
“We?” he asked incredulously. “I am going nowhere.”
“John suspected, but we did not know about you until she asked for our help on the matter of your grandfather Colonel Warburton's poisoning at the start of 1889”, Sherlock said. “She had married the man that you knew as your father very soon after the relationship, and when John saw the four-year-old you, he knew. The anonymous relative who put money into that lump sum you received on your twenty-first birthday was of course him.”
“Because he was made to turn
“I have a replacement for you outside”, he said calmly. “You are no longer in my employment. The funds that you have sequestered from my business to fund the lifestyle you apparently think you deserve will be returned to me within the week – and you will be watched from the moment that you quit these premises so do not even think of trying to flee abroad. Otherwise you will have the 'joys' of spending a considerable length of time at His Majesty's Pleasure on top of your many other worries. Good day!”
“What is it?” I asked.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
It was January the tenth when I (very gingerly) came down to breakfast at our hotel to find Sherlock looking grave.
“I see it”, John said. “You mean more than they should have done.”
I had to be losing my mind! When did Sherlock Holmes ever regret sex?
“And when they did, they all turned out to be valuable antiques!” John grinned.
“I fear that too many of us would overwhelm the fellow”, he said, smiling at his sons. “You are yet young, boys, and hard as it may be to believe, even grown men find some things difficult.”
– release the cock-ring against which King Lyon had been straining all evening. I had thought that the slow-release ones had been bad enough but seriously, they made the things with combination locks now? And I had agreed to this torture!
He gave me a pointed look.
“It does mean another night away from the cottage”, John sighed. “And that new unguent.”
“How long for?” Sherlock asked, nodding at me for some reason before looking suspiciously at his brother.
By the time that our guest left, John's pout was almost reaching across the street, especially after the prince had come and sat next to me to go through the details of our plan.
→1.5: Peter (1888-1969)
“Mr. Holmes, Doctor Watson”, he said gruffly. “What brings you to our neck of the woods, may I ask? I do hope you have not found any dead bodies lying around Oxfordshire.”
I was
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Only because his father saw them first and moved to block his view”, I retorted. “Unsuccessfully I might add; the boy was bright red when he left. And he has just turned into the drive.”
“Your niece’s brother Arnulf has taken him in”, Sherlock said. “She had no other family.”
“Can you let me in?” he called up.
The Adventure Of The Artful Persuasion
1912. John faces a quandary when he is warned that a family member of his may be about to die. He does nothing – but the means of death shocks the whole world.
“Of course!” I exclaimed. “Mr. Holmes's coin trick that he explained to me!”
The station-master scratched his bald head.
Ye Gods, how did he come out with things like that? I was still recovering when he smiled, stood up and came over to sit on the floor next to me, gently leaning against my leg. And dammit if that didn't have The Brennster waking up to say hullo, tight shorts or no tight shorts!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“No doctor around”, he noted cheerfully. “I take it that you rewarded him for his good work?”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“I do not know why we came down here!” he grumbled as we relaxed after a light meal at a quayside tavern. “Especially with another damn leering Cornish fisherman on hand.”
“It conveyed what I wanted to convey all right!” I said firmly. “I am coming to like these vehicles, if truth be told. I am the only one in the village garage who can fix some things wrong with them, now that Ivan has gone to work in the new and bigger place over in Hayward's Heath. I can fix almost anything that is wrong with the Charger nowadays.”
The Adventure Of The Lion's Mane
Nothing happened.
The Adventure Of The Kentish Cobbler
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Seven Dials Mystery
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
There was a cuckoo in the 221B nest!
The Adventure Of The Red-Headed League
my own kin!
“I rather think that I might persuade him so to do”, I said. “Can you tell us what happened to Private McCall?”
where the footmarks are then the mechanism will jam. Except if someone else pulls the lever to open it. That is right at the back of the stage and for safety reasons it cannot be wedged into place but has to be held down.”
Six friends who meet in a coffee-house
“Captain Matthew Leeds of course. Mr. Leeds's father.”
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
“You have the plug in you!” I said accusingly.
That summer England was ablaze with colour as the country marked the coronation of our new monarch. There was I thought, something almost desperate in the people’s urge to celebrate while they could; after the Tangiers and Bosnian Crises the Germans had once again been forced to back away from Morocco because the British had stood by their French allies. But our luck could not hold for ever, hence the urge to party like it was still the nineteenth century.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I asked, surprised.
He looked worried but nodded. The train was already slowing and we walked quickly to the very front. It seemed like an eternity as we waited for the guard's whistle but finally it came and we all but tumbled out of the coach, earning ourselves an angry yell from a passing porter. Luckily the footbridge was nearby and we were already on the stairs as the train pulled out.
“You remember that our nephew has just gone to Arbir for a time?” he said.
“Ask Mr. Leeds that question”, Sherlock said tearing a sheet out of his notepad and passing it over. “We are for the local railway station. Let us hope that Lady Luck is with is!”
All right, maybe I did very occasionally look just a bit like that.... and that had better damn well not be another bloody smirk!
“He will be coming very well!” my grandson growled. “We will see you tomorrow –
An exceptionally well-hung plumber who does a lot for his clients
men hung like bloody horses?” I demanded, not at all testily.
I was so damn lucky! So I set to work to make sure that he did not even have the energy left to manage a smile!
“You see, sir”, I said, “I admit that my knowledge of military matters is poor. But my knowledge of human nature does somewhat remedy that deficiency. I find it frankly incredible that any soldier could slip out of a barracks undetected and just disappear –
I sighed in annoyance as I read the 'Times'.
The news the day before had been good. My niece Mary had had her third child, and as it was a son she was naming it John. A most excellent choice!
Sherlock looked at him sharply.
A hockey team caught in a whirlwind
1920. Someone of the next generation helped by Sherlock and John gives thanks, and does not roll his eyes at how terrible some people can be at times (he does not roll his eyes that much).
“Have you ever met your military cousin?” I asked. Our visitor shook his head.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Not that I am aware of”, Sherlock said, looking round the room curiously. “I take it that you are his….. 'friend'?”
“My name is Mr. Sherlock Holmes”, Sherlock smiled, “and this is my friend, Doctor John Watson. We are here about Mr. LeStrade.”
“I rather think that you underestimate her”, Sherlock said. “But of course you could always explain things to her friend if you wished? We could even arrange for her to come up here.”
“Not as such”, I smiled. “You will have to yield your comfortable position to see what I think is here, though.”
“My 'Bee Loved!' jumper that you got me from the Isle of Wight”, he said, looking adorably frustrated. “I did not take it to London with me as I feared that it might somehow 'inspire' Mother to write something even worse, and I am sure that it was in the pile to be washed that I left behind. But it is not here with the washing.”
it!” I said firmly. “It was like drinking bilge-water!”
The Adventure Of Greyminster Abbey
Just a few days into the new year our friend LeStrade had passed just short of his ninetieth birthday. When John and I had attended his funeral in Cumberland we could see how deeply this had hit his friend Gregson who was just a few months his junior, and despite the efforts of both families to rally round, the inevitable happened just two months later. Although I would wager that John is right and that they are now running one of the best bakeries in Heaven!
As the French say,
There was also the death of someone that my love and I had both known. I cannot in all honesty say that this event was deeply mourned on my part.
I looked at him in bewilderment.
“That was so horrible!” he declared. “I do not care what friend or family member calls next time, I am
I noticed that the vicar was blushing for some reason.
I took a deep breath. This was not going to be easy.
An East End retelling of the terrible Dingwall taxidermist case
“You had better try”, I said. “Your children have factor C in their blood – that is on record – but neither you nor Lord Trelawney has it; we had his blood tested yesterday. Therefore those children
“It seems the obvious way for a young man to make lots of money in London”, Sherlock said ruefully. “But as our American acquaintance Detective Hutchinson showed, there are others. We shall see. We can call on our good friend Lowen – he would surely know if the young man, as he is now, had joined 'the business' – and then repair to the great department store.”
“What do you want?” the lieutenant ground out.
“Love you”, I whispered. I was always a little amazed as to how easy those words came when I was with Sherlock. But then he had a way of making everything easy. I nibbled my way across his chest then sucked gently at first one nipple and then the other. He moaned and his book finally fell away. I grinned in triumph....
“Did he survive?” I ground out.
Sir Edward Holmes had died the month before and Sherlock had found the funeral particularly painful. Worse, the baronet's will had only added fuel to the fire. The entire Holmes wealth was to be run by a trust for the remainder of Lady Holmes's life with an income for her, and once she passed it was to split into seven parts. Six were to be run by and for Carlyon, Guilford, Randall, Sherlock their sister Anna and Mr. Lucifer Garrick, while the seventh would be split equally between Mycroft Holmes, four of his five daughters (even Lady Holmes had finally had enough of the impossible Charlotte) and Tantalus Holmes.
For some reason that made our client blush.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The boy shook his head.
“Yes, about a mile from my house”, I said. “But you know how those places work. They cannot tie him down and keep him there, let alone watch him around the clock.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I pulled myself together.
“So we must examine the body”, Sherlock said firmly. “On to Miss Dallas.”
“That this was a very cleverly planned and well-executed murder”, he said grimly. “Which means that proving who was behind it may be all but impossible!”
An unpleasant north London sergeant who struck a deal with some captured criminals to share their loot and also tried to implicate his constable Edward 'Ginger' Tudor whom he hated. Hogshaugh was killed trying to escape when Sherlock caught him; he tried to leap a canal to safety but fell back and hit his head.
“The omnibus service?” he said.
“Uncle John?” he said sharply. “Really!”
“Yes”, he said. “Why? Do you think there is something hidden somewhere?”
“Why would you help me?” Mr. McCall said quietly.
Sherlock's inimitable mother had died at the end of August and some members of his family had been as supportive and understanding as one would have expected (i.e. I had very unfairly been forbidden from bringing my gun to the funeral now matter how much I scowled). We had both needed an escape after that ordeal, so to mark Sherlock's sixty-fifth birthday he had treated me to a trip north further even than Caithness, scene of our adventure at Foulkes Rath. The war may have been over but the country was still reeling from the events of some two weeks ago when the German fleet which had been impounded in Scapa Flow (the large natural bay sheltered by several of the Orkney Islands) had been largely scuttled by its crews. That we had fought for four years against a nation with so little honour was not so much a shock, more a disappointment.
Mr. Drake Hale laughed hollowly.
“But how will she be able to follow them to London if they are only going to Marlborough?” John asked.
“Plug”, he said pointing downwards. Seriously I was going to lose it!
1907. Chuffingden sees a welcome departure as Sherlock is mildly deceitful (in much the same way that the Pope is mildly Catholic), and John marks Christmas with the usual restraint(s).
“Swordland's is as efficient as ever under the prodigious Mr. Tudor”, Sherlock smiled. “Although I understand that Miss St. Leger – sorry, Mrs. Zeuson now – still maintains a strong interest in things. Retirement does not seem to have slowed her down at all. Like quite a few people.”
“I am sorry. John”, he whispered. “But at least we got to him in time.”
The Adventure Of The Little Match-Girl
1910. Edwardian frolics give way to Georgian gravity, but the political situation continues to be a mess. There is a flood of perhaps not Biblical although still noteworthy proportions, a murderer flees but gets caught, and John has to 'talk' Sherlock our of a bad idea.
“It's justice”, the constable said slowly. “He's right. They'd have gotten away with it.”
“This”, I said, “is my own set of predictions made yesterday. You will see that I foretold Mrs. Bollinger would indeed arrive before me this morning and would warn you not to listen to what I had to say. This was signed and witnessed by both the Stanmore postmaster and his clerk, and you will see that he did me the courtesy of including both the time and date with an official post-office stamp. I do not think I need to tell you, sir, that those are
“How can I ever thank you?” he said.
He blushed at me mention of the recent photograph that Mrs. Jones, wife of Sergeant Jones whom we had assisted in our last case, had made of him when she had come to London the previous week. That picture would look wonderful on my study wall in our cottage, for those hopefully few moments when the real thing was not to hand. I would have been tempted to go for some sex on the beach with him as well, but it was June and some early holidaymakers were already on the sands, enjoying the late spring sun.
He did not hesitate in his delivery, yet again there was something in his tone which suggested that he knew rather more than he was saying. I began to have a bad feeling that I knew what was behind recent events here, which if I was right would mean that finding a resolution would not be easy.
“New transport links do not always bring benefits”, he agreed. “We have seen that several times.”
Randall looked around desperately for any chance of escape, but Muriel was blocking the door and I had my pistol ready in my bag. I had Told him a few weeks ago that I knew full well he was up to something and that he had better stop it, but as usual he had decided that he was above that.
“His body-hair”, the sergeant-major amended. “One of the hairiest fellows you ever did see; he takes after his father in that respect. Some time after that, that was when it happened. Pitt, my batman, told me that Scott had suddenly become very keen on surveying, going round the area to create a map of the place and anything of interest. It was not so much that he was not athletic – he always looked a couple of meals away from starvation though his figures were healthy enough – but this keenness to get out and about worried me. So one day I followed him.”
“How do these men have the time for such activities?” John asked. “Have they not jobs to go to?”
“I want a divorce!”
During our first full year in the cottage I completed writing up all our remaining cases, and supplied them in a steady stream to both the 'Strand' magazine and my publishers. Neither of them knew our address; all our correspondence went through Mrs. Rockland in Baker Street and it was through her that I received a weekly delivery of what Sherlock laughingly called 'fan mail'. I bore in mind that 'fan' was an abbreviation of fanatic as some of the people who wrote to me.... well, even after all the different varieties of sex that I had experienced with Sherlock I was still shocked!
I had made sure to write to John's friend Sir Peter Greenwood thanking him for his help in this (John had implied that the baronet had felt awkward at having stumbled into the mess that was my family), and my only sad thought was that while I had offspring, my beloved was at least partly cut off from his own son by the treachery of That Dratted Woman who had claimed the title of the boy's mother but had signally failed to act as such. But John was clearly very happy for me so I put aside my concerns for now and enjoyed what I – what we had. For when young Trelawney Hawke told my beloved that he regarded him as a grandfather too, John barely held it together.
Sherlock just came in and has made an improper suggestion about flaunting one's privates, which quite made me lose my train of thought. Now he is giving me another look. I – or whatever is left of me – shall have to resume my writings later, assuming that I can still hold a pen. For what I am about to receive....
The Adventure Of The Potent Potentate
“Toby is a very open-minded boy”, Sherlock smiled. “He did not even flinch when he saw those trophy panties of mine.”
1923. Sherlock loses a brother, and a friend.
I blushed even more deeply.
“What is the problem?” Sherlock asked.
The Destruction Of Viper's Bay
“Towards the village”, I began, then stopped. “But he cannot have been. His brother did not say anything about his visiting him
A nobleman turns half his house into a brothel
Seven handsome farmer's sons help populate the Wild West
He stood and left without as much as a goodbye. Apparently we were expected to take his case.
have a point, damn him!
“We had better have him up and see”, he said.
“And their father approves of their activities?” I frowned.
I winced as I realized. At least Mr. Blackwater had been able to have rests while both his lovers' 'heats' were in remission. But with them now alternating.... poor, poor man.
Randy satyrs finding pleasure just in trees – well, in their knot-holes
It was one of the downsides of the railway network that the journey from York to Mazarin, though roughly the same distance as that from the northern capital to London, took considerably longer. It did not help that it was four trains rather than one; the North Eastern Railway to Newcastle and then Carlisle (taking us through Hexham which brought back memories of the surprising Mr. Fairdale Hobbs and his terrifying Leviathan), then the Glasgow & South Western Railway first to Dumfries before our final train took us into Galloway and deposited us at Mazarin Halt.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I thought on that for a moment.
I gasped in horror. My initial reaction was to ask how they knew, but if they were right then every moment counted. Explanations would have to wait.
A railway Lothario with children at all stations
Instead of anger however, I found my love strangely thoughtful.
“I think some of that legend about the stone granting increased fertility may have been true after all”, he growled his eyes dark with passion. “I am feeling the effects right now!”
The hero Hercules has to guide and have sex with those 300 Spartans
Based on Constable's Haywain, but with added sex
“Some poor fellow with even less taste than me has just got on”, he grinned. “Normal clothes but all grey.”
The Adventure Of The Resurrectionists
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
1917. Tragedy is only narrowly averted as John is alerted in time to rescue his son from being shot for desertion, but like so many Lieutenant Ivan Leeds returns to England a broken man.
“It really is wonderful on Tane's island, sir”, Mr. Little rumbled. “You should consider moving there yourself.”
It had been a worrying year thus far. The increasingly belligerent (if not downright insane) Herr Hitler had marched German troops into the Rhineland, the demilitarized zone along the French-German border, and for some inexplicable reason neither Paris nor London had done anything to stop him. More and more it looked as if his ambitions to 'gather all Germans unto the Fatherland' would lead to another war sooner rather than later. And again started by Berlin.
“Poor Fray is having mixed emotions”, our visitor said. “On one hand it is the christening of his first great-grandson so he is over the moon especially as it will be another Fraser. On the other hand it is his first great-grandson which means that he is getting old – although as he himself says when he is driving the point home to me, older
When they opened their eyes, they were still in a cellar, the same shape as the one they were in a second ago, but the floor was dirt and there were crates stacked in the corners. Herbs hung from the beams above their heads. From the tiny high window, the clatter of horse hooves sounded. The angels were gone.
The men kept a tight grip on Hamish’s hands so he wouldn’t be post in the bustle of newspaper vendors, flower sellers, ladies daintily holding up their skirts from the street’s muck, urchins who let their hands wander toward unattended money purses, and delivery boys, arms laden with parcels and goods.
would you just leave it be because it wasn’t relevant?”
“You’ll thank me later.” John pocketed the bottle.
“Yes, astute logic, Sally, but tell me how this enormous stone statue moved a full twenty feet in the three minute space since you saw it last,” Sherlock said. “Let’s entertain the impossible for a few moments.” He turned his attention back to the angel, studying every inch of it. He would love to circle behind it, but it took up the entire narrow hallway. “Assuming they move on their own, but only when other people aren’t looking—what if—ahhh,” he murmured to himself, then stared up at the angel’s covered face. “What if we were all to take our eyes off it—to blink, even for just a moment—what would happen?”
Sherlock nodded and feverishly began yanking off John’s trousers and pants, then his own. He knew what to do in theory, but he didn’t want to hurt him or make it unpleasant.
"It looks like a crackpot website, but it can't be a coincidence," John murmured, leaning back as Sherlock took the laptop from him to examine more closely. "They have a whole page dedicated to that police box, and a whole other page dedicated to some person they call 'The Doctor.'"
Sherlock smiled to himself at John’s optimism as he threw on a t-shirt. He never gave up. His stalwart friend. He was glad to have him with him, despite everything.
What is the meaning of this, this flimsy pretense to inspect chimneys so that you can bombard me with absurd questions with no explanation? Clear out at once! Mary, show them the door!”
“Then why are you angry?”
“Perhaps we could give Hamish the choice,” Sherlock said after a moment of thinking.
“I’m not angry. I wasn’t hungry.”
As John suspected, one of the men—he was fairly sure it was Burke—had been assigned to keep an eye on John to make sure he didn't venture towards Baker Street. Then men stayed at an inn in Bloomsbury, and without too much difficulty, John split from the others for his assignment. Knowing Burke had tabs on him, John had lunch at the Cross and Key and scribbled a note, then found a boy to deliver it, giving him a generous tip.
Sherlock shakily pressed himself up against John, wanting this more than ever thought he would. He gripped John’s sides and slowly pushed himself in, gasping as he did.
Jim finally pulled back and both men breathed hard, regaining their breath. He looked down at John’s lips for a moment before turning his dark gaze back to his eyes. “Upstairs.
“Never again. Not so long as you want me here.”
When Jim lunged forward to swing at John again, John ducked and swung his legs out to trip him, sending him sprawling to the floor. John was on top of him before he could get up, pinning his wrists to the floor. “Friendly word of advice, boss, don’t pick fights with your hit men!”
“It’s just that…I saw your surname and I—“ Hamish was biting his lip now, looking as if he was holding back an explosion. “Are you my dad? I mean….are you my dads?”
Hamish raced back down and grabbed his suitcase. “It’s perfect!”
“So long? What I mean is, it’s a surprise you haven’t remarried. A...kind man like you. I don’t mean to say the death isn’t hard still, of course it must be.”
John smiled. “The dropped platter.” He paused and looked at the floor. “I understand why you didn’t respond. I probably would have done the same. But I meant it, what I said to Moriarty. When I thought you and Hamish were both dead—I couldn’t do it anymore. I wanted to be dead too.”
Mary nodded seriously, then looked at the floor. “I do care for you, sir...
“So. Explain,” Sherlock said, looking across at the Time Lord with a raised eyebrow.
The Doctor ceased his pacing looked at him with considerable pride. “…Good. Brilliant. Oh, I knew I was going to like you. And maybe you’re right, but even if it was the other way…why did you stop being in 2012 and start being in 1895? Either way you do it, it makes no sense. So this is either a parallel universe…an incredibly daft one—no offense—or
“Sorry, Jim—he had company. I had to get rid of a few extras.”
“Mary, it’s all right. I already invited you to eat at the table with us. There’s room for three,” John said, urging Mary to sit down again.
A few days later found the two men sitting in the living room. Hamish was back at his old school, and Sherlock was taking a break from case work for the day. John asked Sherlock why he had never replied to his last letter.
Sherlock smiled at the doctor, who was looking around for his pants. “I didn’t have anyone to keep it clean for.”
“Jesus, what happened?” John rushed over to brush his shiner tentatively.
Before John reached the door, Mycroft added, “Thank you for telling me.” He paused. “Take care of him.”
Jim’s eyes narrowed. “What the
“Right where we were. 221 Baker Street. 1895,” John said in a hushed voice, although he was unable to believe it.
John shivered. “If you expect me to…mold to your will like Sebastian, you’re going to be disappointed.”
Sherlock spread his legs and let his muscles relax, his breathing starting to slow and even out. John grabbed something from the bed stand, a small vial of oil. At least being with Jim had taught him
That made Sherlock laugh. “Such a good soldier.” John quickly unbuckled his belt, tilting his hips up as he yanked it from his belt loops, then draped it around the back of Sherlock’s neck, pulling on the ends to bring him back into a kiss.
didn’t know about him yet. It might have been a future Doctor who had created the child. As much as Sherlock loathed the Doctor, having puzzles that darted in and out of a chronological time frame was fascinating, and was stretching his brain in a marvelous way. He would have to revise his phrase from “The wheel turns. Nothing is ever new” to “The wheel spins backwards and then jolts off to one side, and nothing is ever what you thought it was.”
“We just found out today that….we’re your parents,” John said. “We didn’t know before because, well, it’s impossible for two men to have a son.” He reddened and cleared his throat. “As you know. But I’m John, and this is Sherlock, and….and it’s…it’s really nice to meet you, Hamish. Hello.”
“Did you get a photograph of it?” Sherlock asked.
John stopped, letting people brush past him. He immediately thought of Sherlock and Hamish, then spun to face the man, teeth clenched. “
John finally yanked him over for a “closer look at a head wound.”
“Medicine was certainly dodgy,” John said. “Imagine if I were a doctor then! I’d be amazing—decades beyond anyone else. Not that it will ever happen. It won’t.”
John raised his eyebrows. He’d read up a bit on Mr. Doyle after they’d met him, and it seems that he was quite the spiritualist, but it was still strange thinking about a grown, intelligent man trying to convene with spirits.
“Nothing magnetic, absolutely nothing,” John said, pulling Sherlock towards him and unbuckling his belt. “Anything else magnetic on you?”
“No, but blatantly insulting people to their face does,” John snorted. “Why do I bother nagging you to behave?”
day at St. Bart’s, leaving me here with
“Well, he’s pretending to be dying of a brain aneurysm, I’m a big gay slut, and we’re both trying to avoid imprisonment in a past century,” John rattled off. He really had ceased caring.
John handed the phone to Sherlock, who answered it. “Yes.”
John ran his thumb along Hamish’s shoulder. “Shh, Hamish, it’s okay, he knows. Hamish, Sherlock is…” he met his son’s eyes. He was about to tell a lie that would break his son’s heart and scar him forever. Hamish might never forgive him for this. There was still a part of John that would never forgive Sherlock for faking his own death. Now he was perpetuating that lie with someone else.
in 1895. Do you know how awful the stench was in London back then?”
“This is ridiculous,” Jim muttered. “Go back to your room and
“Separated in time?” Sherlock clarified, turning his head to look at him.
Sherlock gave John a quick, concerned look before whipping the violin back up to his shoulder and playing a spirited gavotte, going to stand by the window as he played.
John shook his head, closing his eyes once more.
Magnussen held out his hand toward Sherlock and snapped his fingers once, then pointed at Sherlock’s scarf. Sherlock’s hands shook as he slowly moved them up to his coat, sliding the scarf from his neck and handing it over. Oh, he was most definitely going to kill this man. The second he got a chance.
He was visibly shaken, Sherlock noted, an unusual characteristic for the stalwart doctor. He felt just as uneasy as he stared at the space where the TARDIS had been.
“Mary!” Hamish ran to give her a hug and began chattering about school.
Sherlock huffed impatiently. “I never
time?”
an apology,” Sherlock said, looking daringly up at John.
“You’ve got a job tomorrow. I don’t pay you to watch over me, I pay you to be rested and ready to kill. Now go the fuck back to your room, or I’ll make
John couldn’t do this. He couldn’t think of saying last words to Sherlock. He finally fumbled out, “Tell him I’m sorry. Tell him…that I’ll see him soon.” He struggled to look up at Jim as defiantly as he could.
John frowned and looked up from his notes. The man was completely in earnest, and Sherlock was leaning forward, listening with interest.
“What?” John blinked.
Jim knocked back the rest of his wine from the dinner, and his upper lip twitched. “I haven’t decided yet.” He disappeared upstairs.
John dropped his hands, startled at how fucked-up his whole situation with Moriarty had been. The worst thing was that he’d gotten used to it; being an object for Jim had become second nature. “Sherlock, I…what if I’ve forgotten how to do this? How to be normal? When I walk down the street I still…I still catch myself looking at target points instead of people. What do I do?” John looked up at him desperately.
When they woke up the following morning, John and Sherlock debated what to do with their day. They felt as if they were biding their time now. They had said their goodbyes, but sitting around the flat made them altogether too nervous. They both needed a distraction.
“Don’t worry, Hamish, dear, your daddies are just a bit behind the times.”
Sherlock stopped and looked at him in amusement, then was taken off guard as John pulled on his coat lapels, yanking his head down for a kiss as people walked by gawking.
He dragged John up the stairs by his neck, practically throwing John into the bedroom. “Strip,” he ordered, watching hungrily as John fumbled out of his clothing. John could feel Jim’s eyes assessing his every inch once more, apparently pleased with him, judging by the low noise in Jim’s throat. John’s body had changed since he’d begun working for Jim. The soft places were gone, replaced by muscle, and several new scars and wounds were scattered across his chest, shoulders, and back.
“Oh, come off it! Listen to yourself. We’re not going to go living in the past—the Doctor told us about the angels, and now that we know how they take people, we can avoid them. What if we were meant to go today? We’ve already changed history.”
John raised his eyebrows at Sherlock. “That looks like some kind of…alien.”
He smiled and tilted his face up to kiss John before shifting over and settling next to him on the bed. He was staring at the ceiling, thinking, and his smile faded.
shirt’s come untucked.”
“I’m not certain if this is the style you were looking for—“
Once off, Sherlock pushed John back against the bed again, arching his back to press his chest against John’s. He could feel John’s small gasp as he slid a hand up to John’s throat, gently clutching at it as he licked along his jaw.
“You don’t have to like me to follow orders.”
“Well, he
Meanwhile, Sherlock stepped over to peer down at the child. “And what led you to that conclusion?”
“Why should I care?! My goal and purpose in live isn’t to flit about doling out inspiration! I’m not a
Hamish tugged on Sherlock’s sleeve. “You’re making her
Sherlock frowned and mouthed “waterfall?” at John, who gave an apologetic smile. Arthur did enjoy his adaptations and embellishments.
John trudged up to his bedroom, replaying the kiss over and over, the feeling of Sherlock’s lips, the closeness of him. Although he reimagined it over and over, it hurt the same amount each time.
John settled for gently nudging Jim’s shoulder, deciding it was a safer bet than groping under the sheets near his crotch. “Erm…Jim?”
Sherlock avoided John’s question and said as coolly as he could, “As I said, it’s forgotten, John. I should have taken your word for it. Won’t happen again.”
here now, but you don’t live here, so history is rewriting itself just…on it’s own! Why?”
that thing in here? You could’ve landed on one of us! And
John’s face was a heap of embers. He reluctantly opened his mouth, then let out a startled noise as Sherlock’s scarf was forced between his teeth and tied tightly behind him, gagging him.
“So what do we do?” John asked desperately. “We can’t watch it forever.”
,” Sherlock said. “Apparently he’s decided to come with.”
John turned back to the paper, disappointed. He wanted a case as much as Sherlock did, otherwise he was stuck arguing about dead dogs and spilling tea.
Hamish was an uncontainable streak of energy in the flat in Baker Street. He wanted to look at everything. The skull—“Wow! Is that
are you on about?” He moved the gun closer, cocking it.
John swallowed and eyed the knife. “I guess I don’t snore, then.” He rolled out of bed, dropping to the floor to do his push-ups.
“That was fast. How’d you do it?” Jim leaned back, seemingly mildly interested.
John stepped over to help Hamish fold things. “You’ve been through a lot, haven’t you. Being moved around, not having a proper home. It must get hard.”
the ambitious task...”
now! I. Am. Here!
John gave Hamish a small, sympathetic smile, then pulled out the map he’d snagged at the entrance. “I am quite partial to Coptic art, however…aren’t you, Sherlock?”
Sherlock shook his head. It was too big of a question to ponder right now. “Well. To Lambeth, then?”
the Doctor, though. I mean, LINDA tried the whole detective thing, but I ran into the Doctor by pure chance. Maybe the same will happen to you."
John nodded back and picked up a book, too preoccupied to process a single word.
“No, because this is a whole different time stream. But the stories
“I want to go. 1895, that’s when Queen Victoria lived! And people rode in carriages, and Britain had a huge empire! Could we go to India, like Rudyard Kipling? What’s life going to be like? What are schools like? What kinds of clothes will I have to wear?”
with an alien in a police box that’s HUGE inside! I don’t know what to believe anymore.”
to admit how I feel.’”
Sherlock grinned manically. “Ready for our first date, Doctor Watson?”
John pulled up his laptop and absently searched The Doctor's name. After numerous scrolls of medical websites, he stopped.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh, that’s still going on? Isn’t it obvious? They’re all dirty cops. They’re getting paid to disappear. Dull.”
John eyed Hamish and gave a quick nod, following Moriarty out of the room.
"What is a Time Lord? Is that some sort of appointed position?"
and early 20
trust him, and don’t let him get you alone.”
?” Sherlock spat. He wasn’t impressed with the man’s ramblings or praise.
deciding
“You call him Jim now?” John murmured, smoothing his hand through Hamish’s hair.
They watched it through the back window as the cab took off. “Where to?” asked the cabbie.
Mary announced that dinner was served, and everyone gathered at the table. “There are only four place settings,” John remarked as Mary disappeared back into the kitchen to begin the washing-up.
At the music, Hamish came bounding down the stairs. “I love it when you play the violin, Dad! You should teach me.”
“Glad my assumption was correct.” He swallowed and flicked his eyes sideways to Jim.                   “Is there—is there something that I haven’t been doing that would make you happy, boss?”
He drew out Jim’s mostly-hardened cock and grabbed his balls as he licked along Jim’s length until it was completely hard. He drew away and touched the very tip of his tongue to the top, running patterns along it, teasing before he took the head in his mouth.
“Neither can I.” John’s voice was bitter, and Sherlock clenched his jaw, trying not to let John’s tone affect him.
John noticed Sherlock’s red eyes but didn’t say anything. He merely gave his hand a quick squeeze as they headed out of the house.
“Best close your mouths, boys. Did you miss me?” Jim grinned, enjoying their shock.
John finally looked up and saw Jim, his arms crossed and eyes narrowed as he surveyed John.
They spent the rest of their day doing just that. John reveled in ordinary things—queuing in Tesco and getting overcharged at the cash machine, eating kebabs for lunch, listening to a one-way conversation of some pregnant woman on her mobile. They stopped at the Cross and Key for a pint and idly watched the end of a football match on the telly, then took a bus to St. Bart’s. Sherlock ran a hand fondly over the microscopes and preservation supplies and sleek computers.
There were two bullet wounds in his shoulder. Jim had dug out one of the bullets, and it was now lying on the floor next to a slicked-red knife.
Sherlock seemed equally overwhelmed. "I never thought I would find myself believing in extraterrestrial life here in London, but all the facts point in the same direction," Sherlock muttered.
“One of Patrick Cassey’s lackeys,” Jim winced.
made him famous, Sherlock, and you’re not here. Well, you
“What, 1895 Sherlock doesn’t know that the earth goes round the sun either?” John sniggered.
Sherlock shook his head, his breath finally evening out. “You know I hadn’t. You?”
“I take it that the pocket universe has closed up tidily?” Sherlock asked. “If John and I came here for nothing—“
’s in here! And my phone is a pocket watch…and Harry isn’t Harriet, it’s a man. I…this version of me has a brother!” John ran his hands down his face. “This is too much.”
“’Give your name and reason for visiting?’
. Classic pieces of Victorian-era fiction.” The Doctor thought for a moment, then snapped his fingers. ‘I’ve got a copy lying around the TARDIS. You won’t be able to see the last ones—spoilers. Follow me, I’m parked down the road!”
“Do you have any paper? It might be easier if I drew it for you.”
John suppressed a shiver. Jim Moriarty had the singular talent of making his every move and word terrifying. He wasn’t sure how he was going to be able to convince such a twisted man that he even somewhat liked him. “Do you need anything from me, Jim?”
John set his mouth as Jim’s eyebrows rose. An invitation. Well, he wouldn’t disappoint. He turned up in Moriarty’s bedroom several minutes later and slipped under the covers, muttering a “Goodnight.”
have you and not
"We watched the vlogs," Sherlock interjected. He and John and spent an evening watching them, although John had cracked multiple jokes as Sherlock tried to take notes. "Tell me, how and why does this Doctor change his face?"
“I could ask the same thing about
When Saturday rolled around, John and Sherlock took a carriage south of the Thames to Hamish’s school. In the main foyer, parents milled about with their sons, all of whom were clad in the school’s stark uniforms, and it wasn’t long before they spotted Hamish waving excitedly amidst the sea of wool navy jackets.
“It’s all right, it’s all right!” Sherlock said, holding out his hands defensively.
"I don't have that worked out yet. LINDA was working on theories…why do you want to know about him?"
But John was already rolling over, getting on his hands and knees. “Please, Sherlock…”
The usual mixed feeling of terror, excitement, and a twinge of self-disgust swept over John and he said, breathily, “Yes.”
“What did you have in mind, John?” Sherlock narrowed his eyes suspiciously, smiling a bit.
John looked over at him, chewing through a croissant. “Do you reckon it’s—“
John left and stomped up the stairs, sick of dealing with Sherlock’s melancholy mood.
Sherlock pushed the door open half expecting to see it just how they left it, with John’s laptop on the table, the stone angels frozen near the kitchen, and his violin propped in its usual spot.
John noticed, as his trembling hands began unbuttoning his shirt, that there were several ropes and a gag lying on the bed near Jim's feet. He couldn't help gulping. Jim usually only tied him when he'd had a bad day, and John always came away sore from it. The casual, bored tone to Jim's voice was a red flag as well. What was he so angry about?
“Do you love me?” he burst out. “I mean to say…are you
John pulled his hands from behind his coat, revealing a black case. “I don’t know much about violins, but…I think it’s a good one.”
John was already getting up and grabbing his coat. “Don’t wait up with dinner, Mary. Ta!”
“Right now?” Hamish looked a bit taken aback.
“I’ve told you what matters,” the Doctor said, then looked between them and sighed. “You’re not going to like it if I tell you.”
are you talking about?! Mary tried to kiss me and I pulled away. Yes, obviously we’re getting married tomorrow! You’re a self-proclaimed sociopath, so maybe you should try and stop interpreting others’ relationships, because you’re shit at it!”
"I assume so. Look, maybe it'll be easier if I told you my story. What happened with me and the Doctor, I mean."
“I think he means we had better start saying goodbye.” He shook himself out of his daze and began pacing furiously.  “But his logic doesn’t even make sense! Don’t you see? If we were shot back in time right now—that would mean that we
Sherlock didn’t answer, silent for the rest of the cab ride. When the arrived, he paid off the driver, and the two headed to the morgue, which was closed off for the night. Sherlock grunted a dialed Molly’s number.
we say, John. Death is the tidiest way. And, in the long run, the least emotionally taxing.”
“Obviously,” Sherlock said into John’s mouth before kissing him deeply, gripping at John’s biceps and beginning to grind slowly against him. John ran his hand down Sherlock’s back, over his thighs and bum, pulling him closer. Sherlock attacked John’s neck with his mouth, causing John to gasp and arch his head back, and he began blindly unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt, hungry to touch Sherlock’s bare skin. “Although if you don’t want to, I won’t force you to,” Sherlock said coyly, pressing into him. His fingers were now at John’s nipples, and his tongue had found the spot under John’s ear that sent sparks down his spine.
century, I tried everything I could to avoid sending you back to 1895, uprooting you from your life. It seemed too messy—there were so many things that could have gone wrong. And you and John Watson were flourishing. When I heard that Sherlock Holmes was living in the 21
your friend. You can’t trust him. He’s going to try to be a father to you, and maybe it will be best if you put a trusting attitude on around him, but
Sherlock was especially eager to take a look. Nothing held more clues to a personality than a bedroom, especially a child’s bedroom. Before even set foot into, the room he knew the child as well as he knew himself and John. It took his eyes seconds to scan over the room: bug collection on a shelf crammed with books, most of which were nonfiction, although there were several large stacks of adventure stories crammed in as well. His bed was unmade and there was a stack of gum wrappers on his bedside table, all different brands.
Sherlock looked down at himself. “Why?”
He still had people to tell about the aneurysm. After bidding Molly goodbye the next morning, Sherlock traveled to Scotland Yard and informed Lestrade of his “illness.” Lestrade took it with genuine concern and confusion, and Sherlock had told him not to bother telling the other members of the Yard. He was hardly their concern.
“Whether I like it or not is irrelevant,” Sherlock said, picking up the paper once more.
John’s heart hammered, and he looked over at Sherlock, who gave him a stiff nod. John swallowed and forced himself to push his wrists out behind him. As the cold metal snapped around them, he realized just how trapped they really were. “I would love it if you would kneel, John,” Magnussen said in his light Danish accent.
idiot!”
existed in the 1800s. It means we’ve already grown old and died. It means that Conan Doyle should already have written the books. If this is the case, our lives should be on a loop. We start our lives here, then go back there, time goes on, we die, then we are born again here in the 70s then are sent back again! We would only live once, but if we are sent back, then us living there has already
To Sherlock’s horror, Jim stepped closer, leaned up and softly kissed him. Their lips only met for a moment before Sherlock shoved him away, wiping his mouth on his sleeve. “You’ll be seeing me soon, Jim,” he spat out.
“The universe is ripping already,” the Doctor said. “You can see them, if you know how to look.” He pulled out a strange, pen-shaped device from his pocket and pointed it at the nearest wall. It made a whizzing noise as light-filled fractures, thin as hairs, appeared in the flat’s wallpaper, the skull on the wall, the window panes, the sofa.
John hugged him tightly. “I would like that very much.”
“Are you suggesting I might have to restrain you?” Sherlock flicked his eyes to their cast-off belts on the bed. “I will I have to.”
“Yes, John, that’s right,” Jim’s breath was hot on his lower back. He was moving faster now, pulling on John’s hips, slamming him back to meet him. John forced himself to comply, thrusting his hips to meet Jim’s pushes.
“Yes,
“That’s the Doctor’s! He’s here, he must be!” Hamish said, hopping up and down with excitement.
John took this as a good sign. Jim trusted him enough to fall asleep before him. But did he believe that John was over Sherlock, that he was devoted solely to Jim? He would need Jim’s utmost trust if he was going to get permission to travel to London.
He deftly switched his grip so that one hand splayed over and pinned both of John’s wrists, allow the other to pin John’s neck to the bed, forcing his head away. Sherlock raised an eyebrow, amused. “
“And you’ve gone round the bend now too—brilliant. I’ll visit you at the asylum.”
"11-year-old boy, scared witless in a war zone and running for his life? Unlikely," Sherlock muttered.
“It’s absurd!” Sherlock said, irritated and frustrated. “It’s not logical! It doesn’t make
As he hung up, he paced over to the window, looking out at the rainy street, and his heart gave a terrified lurch.
? What are you implying?”
“You poor dears! I’ll pop down and fetch you a pie from Mr.Doyle’s larder.”
Mrs. Hudson did indeed take the news of Sherlock’s “aneurysm” hard. There were many tears and awkward hugs, John doing his best to console her as Sherlock awkwardly hugged her back.
“Ugh, parks are tedious,” Sherlock grumbled.
“But there’s a Mrs. Hudson, and your John Watson is right here! Is there a Professor Moriarty? An Inspector Lestrade?”
The next few weeks crawled. Whenever he got a moment alone with Jane, he asked her about a letter, until one day she finally had one. John stowed it in his inner waistcoat pocket and didn’t dare open it until he was out in Dublin on an assignment. When he had a free moment, he retreated to a park bench and finally ripped it open.
“JESUS!” He stumbled back from the window. “An angel, Sherlock! A stone angel, on the sidewalk below us! Oh my God.”
Hamish’s eyes widened, worried that he must’ve let it slip that Sherlock was his dad. He whispered to John, “Dad, I didn’t tell him—“
… I’m uh…
“How could the Doctor shove a choice like this at us? Does emotionally torturing us save the universe or something?” John burst out.
He stared at the fresh bullet hole in the ceiling. Jim had fired a loaded gun into his mouth. During sex. John easily could have died, and Moriarty probably would have finished fucking himself in John’s ruined corpse, laughing. John’s skin crawled and his heart refused to slow its beat. Even if Jim trusted him and gave him a bit of leeway, John was still an expendable item in Moriarty’s book.
“And having
Sherlock frowned. “There’s not a police box on Portobello Road.”
They wandered silently through Hyde Park amidst large clusters of daffodils, John doing his best to keep himself from storming off from the sulky and jaded Sherlock.
When Jim came home at the end of the day, he asked John where the rug in the parlor was.
“So you don’t want me to go?” Hamish asked.
The Doctor held Hamish. “Well, lucky for you,” he murmured in Hamish’s ear, then looked up at Sherlock. “You have two fantastic dads who will look after you now.”
The next morning he was sent to an upper-class, irrationally expensive boarding school on the other side of the city. Jim footed the bill. John’s heart tore in half as he assured his son that everything would be fine, that he’d still see him on weekends. He hoped to God that Jim would give him that at least.
It’s a Monday—school trip.” He gave Sherlock a disbelieving look, as if reveling in John’s idiocy.
“Yes, but that suit I just bought only cost a half-sovereign and two shillings,” Sherlock said, jingling the coins left in the bag.
“You haven’t even heard the best part.” Jim blew the smoke in John’s direction, noting his glassy, drooping eyes. “If you and Hamish come quietly, I’ll spare Sherlock. I’ll leave him alone
you…”
Sherlock and John both looked over, then Sherlock quickly turned back to the window, mentally reprimanding himself.
“Perhaps because the
“I think it best that we know what we’re dealing with,” Sherlock murmured back.
When he left the flat with a long kiss, it was mutually understood that he would be back with boxes of his things.
Jim turned in his chair and saw the look of disgust on John's face, and knew at once that he was telling the truth. Jim's lips curled into a pleased smile. He stood up, grabbing John's tie and pulling him forward for a playful kiss, one that barely touches John's lips, then shoved him back against the wall, still gripping his tie. He leaned forward and licked along John's jaw, up to his ear, where he whispered, “Did you miss me, Johnny Boy?”
A high, husky voice emitted from the other side of the door. "What? Now?! I'm a mess, they can't see me like this!"
Jim's eyes didn't stray from the page. “Not that it’s any of your business—but Kellan O’Connery is a thieving bastard. Get rid of him.” He stopped writing to look at him. “Is there a
supposed to be in 1895?”
A police sting where the target made the men watching him.... you know
The suffragettes continued in their relentless efforts to lose support; the British public did not for some strange reason take kindly to seeing paintings in their galleries attacked by mad women wielding meat cleavers or to their seaside hotels and churches being set on fire 'to make a point'. The Irish problem seemed set for a resolution at least; the Lords accepted home rule with the proviso that the six mainly Protestant counties in the North of Ireland would be allowed a vote on their own future, with or not with their twenty-six southern neighbours. It was all a mess but then it was Ireland.
You wait all day for a 'bus, they say, then two come along at once. Such it was with our last two cases which came almost on top of each other as the Continent finally tumbled over the brink into war, courtesy once more of the Hun. These two cases could hardly have been more different; the first was a family matter although important for those involved (and for me as it was my family), while the second could well have affected the course of the forthcoming war.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I blinked at that.
“What made you suspect Mr. Cumberbatch?” I asked.
We doubled back at Mark Lane as Lion had suggested and were soon heading towards Baker Street, both of us counting down the number of stops to go. We reached Euston Square when I saw Lion smile for possibly the first time that day.
He slowly began to wash me down with the ivory soap that he still preferred, and I leaned into the scent of it. It brought back a brief memory of the time when that scent had been all I had left of Sherlock, those terrible years after Reichenbach when I had thought him dead, but that only served to remind me of his return and our happiness since and I smiled lazily. He stood me up and lathered me all over then held the soap out to me to do the same for him. Still neither of us was hard and I was not surprised. This, not sex, was what I needed right now. Trust the man with whom I held the closest of bonds to know that without my even saying a word.
“Would you cuddle me naked if we were both wearing masks?” he asked dryly.
He did! Smirking all the time, damn him!
“You're not going to tell us Ned's an escaped murderer, are you Mr. Holmes?” Mr. James Forthright said with a smile.
The Adventure Of The Chimney-Sweep
I turned my back on him. Well, I would have done had I not been tied down. I had to settle for another scowl.
“Why?” he asked.
“There is the added benefit that he himself will be keeping a lower profile now that people know him for such sophistry”, I said. “Mr. Patterson will of course claim that he is
“John?”
“Meanwhile Mr. Brown or one of his ruffian confederates has been keeping an eye on Mr. Leeds, dosing him with chloroform any time that he looked to be coming round. Once Miss Ockham arrived back she went as planned to call at Mr. Leeds's house, left the incriminating clipped ticket that she herself had just travelled on, and played her part of the concerned lady-friend while secretly rejoicing at the apparent destruction of her true love Mr. Brown's rival. Although she likely had a bad moment when Mr. Brown rejoined her and pointed out her mistake about the hair.”
The Adventure Of The Better Man
“Why?” I asked.
The Adventure Of Yoxley Old Place
“Lieutenant Anderson's house in the country, in west Norfolk”, he said. “I suspect that we may find the mysterious Lieutenant Addleford there too.”
“There is a treatment”, Sherlock said, “but as so often with medicine these days there is also a problem. Like the Black Death this disease has two forms, in this case a severe one and a mild one. The application of the wrong treatment to a person could even kill them. We desperately need to track down this fellow and find out which strain he has.”
Viking spread-eagles and the loss of any reader's most recent meal
I smiled. I understood the royal reference now; the public had come to love the Danish-born queen for the blind eye she turned to her husband’s all too frequent dalliances.
“Consider the evidence, sergeant”, he said slowly. “There is next to none. No jury would have convicted this pair of cold-blooded murderers – but when I told Mr. Creighton Dallas certain facts he very quickly pieced together that his niece and her cousin had killed his brother. I later wired him my findings that I was certain but that it could not be proven in a court of law. He knew that a smart lawyer would be able to play on a poor young woman and that doubtless she and her accomplice would blame each other, making a conviction almost impossible. He most probably arranged to meet them both by the same stone where they killed his brother, confronted them with what they had done and shot them both in quick succession. He is now on his way to Ireland and then the United States, as he said he would. You may of course wish to pursue him – or you may choose my first solution, in which case the doctor and I would back you up with the local people.”
I told him about Ginger's case while he ate – the poor old fellow seemed to find holding that heavy knife and fork an effort – and he nodded.
Over one hundred and forty medals, more than fifty of them gold, marked the Olympic Games being held in London that summer. We had received an invitation but did not go; I found that I increasingly disliked crowds, preferring the quiet of our cottage. Or at least the quiet when Sherlock was not making me scream, that was! The knowing look that I got from the vicar one particular Sunday was frankly mortifying, especially when he mentioned how much he enjoyed 'the peace and quiet of walking in the countryside,
General Roland Theodosius Alistair McCall seemed set on reinforcing that belief although it probably did not help matters that he was an Alistair, a name that I have long loathed for obvious reasons. He was in his early fifties, a bluff white-haired fellow with a handlebar moustache and a seemingly permanent scowl. Presumably our famous fireside chair was insufficiently commodious to house his ego as he sat down on the couch without being invited and stared hard at us. I tried not to think of what John and I had done on the same couch two days ago, almost exactly where the fellow was sitting.... thank the Lord for my innate flexibility! And for well-made furniture!
“I cannot of course divulge any details about the Very Important Case that I am undertaking”, Sherlock said loftily. “However a description of a person who was at the scene of a crime matches some seven people, and your employee Mr. Galahad LeStrade is one of them. Naturally as he is an employee of this noble establishment I wished to eliminate him from my enquiries as soon as possible, so all I need are his regular hours of employment and whether those have varied at all of late.”
“An interesting boast”, I smiled darkly. “Let us see if you can prove it!”
I blushed.
“Thursday, sir”, Mr. Bassett-Evans said. “You any idea what's behind all this?”
“Do you really know what has happened here?” I asked Sherlock.
“I think that I might take a look around your village for a while” he said. “Doctor....
I little knew then just how what would be was about to be.
All about Lowen's Italian twin lovers, Salerio and Solario
“The key thing here”, I said, “is to persuade the general to stop looking for his son.”
The Adventure Of The Mummy's Curse
“The alternative is to go and face American justice”, I said dryly, “which given what the deputy ambassador whose family you 'attended to' said he wanted to have done to you, might be risky. I am not quite sure that it is physically possible but I am sure that you would not wish to find out the hard way. Or you can sign that document and enjoy sun, sea, sand....”
“Now we have somewhere else that does not want to join the modern world any time soon”, I smiled. “One cannot turn back the tide of progress, but perhaps one can divert it for a while. Let us see what we can do.”
Holmes Of Arabia
The next day I found out the reason for the gift. There had been a terrible railway accident at a place called Quintinshill† just over the Border and only a couple of miles from where we had solved the case of Bad Baron Dowson in Gretna. Over two hundred people dead, mostly soldiers as one of the trains had been a troops special. And the disaster had involved the very train that Stevie would have been taking back North – except his transfer from the Glasgow to the Edinburgh sleeper had meant that he had passed through the scene of the disaster just ten minutes before the worst railway accident in British history had occurred there!
The Malones greeted us warmly and showed us to our room. I did not blush when our former landlady very pointedly remarked that while there was only one bed, she had other guests who might enjoy some peace and quiet.
Make that a full week.
“What is it?” he asked anxiously.
“I have several”, I said, perhaps stretching the truth just a little. “But I will get back to you before your session on Thursday with what I have by then, I promise. I wonder if you, sir, could show the doctor and I around your pitch? Just to get a flavour of the case, you understand.”
It had been Miss St. Leger’s ever watchful guard on my various relatives nearly all of whom did not know of their connection to someone so illustrious yet so modest (I said as much to John on the odd occasion, and he always coughed for some strange reason) which had led us back to my love’s native Northumberland. My half-nephew Mr. Brencis Bassett-Evans had been concerned over a team-mate at his rugby club, the scrum-half Mr. Edward 'Ned' Jukes, who he had suspected of lusting after one or other of the team’s handsome props. Except that it had turned out to be the hooker, Mr. Bassett-Evans himself, who had been the target of Mr. Jukes’s affections. I had arranged things such that the truth came out, and had received a very shakily-written letter from my half-nephew thanking me, followed by another a month later when I had been able to arrange for Mr. Jukes to obtain the cottage right next to that of my relative. He had not needed to mention as to how he was unable to sit down most days, though. Few men were
“Your mother and I will indeed be enjoying our retirement!” he grinned.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
He shifted his position, then yelped in pain. I did not snigger.
“Miss Dallas made it home unseen and soon after took her regular morning constitutional, 'finding' her father's body. She insisted on no examination even though she was fairly sure that the local doctor would not find anything, or even if he did he would keep quiet and say nothing. Imagine her annoyance when the local vicar, whom she had likely learned was seeking my aid and had therefore hastened her own plans as a result, returned far sooner than expected. She had hoped to have had her father laid to rest long before we arrived.”
He nodded in agreement and we set to trying to make ourselves look respectable.
“Mr. Holmes, Doctor Watson”, he said. “The only brother of mine that you have not met, Kenal†. He is up from Cornubia for a
“I may be 'Jumbo' but I'm not that big”, I protested (I was really).
“I know”, he smiled. “That makes me the luckiest man in all London Town!”
He followed me through to the main room in silence. We sat down opposite each other. His gaze had dropped some way below what was anywhere near appropriate.
“Another world”, I said sadly, “one to which we can never return.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I was not. Not the least bit. No way.
I was sure of it!
The men all greeted John with great enthusiasm; he had as I know he has said played rugby for his village team before they had merged with the team here some years back, and had once scored a try in an important match against their local rivals down in Alnwick.
Named for builder William Baker who designed it and built 'Glendower Mansion' (221-221B), this road starts at the north-east corner of Portman Square and runs north-north-west for about a mile before it is crossed by the busy A501 Marylebone Road. Up to this point is it colloquially called Lower Baker Street. 'Upper Baker Street' or the A41 (Liverpool-Birkenhead road) continues past Sherlock's and John's house on the left (western) side of the road; at the junction just a few yards further north Park Road veering off to the north-west becomes the A41 while Baker Street continues only for another few dozen yards before ending at the Outer Circle of Regent's Park, where Sherlock and John often walked. It was very slightly the furthest of the four addresses from the Surgery at nearly 1¼ miles. In their time it was a high-class residential area but today it is mostly commercial. The Metropolitan Railway's station lies a short distance back down the road on the other side; they were fortunate that it only became a busy junction station the year after they left.
All these years and the inclusion of me in that 'us' still made me feel all warm inside.
He grinned devilishly.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
→1:20: Stafford (1903-1979), a notable doctor.
I forbore from commenting on the large number of certain injuries that I regularly treated Mr. Rockland for, which suggested that the lack of children was not through any lack of trying of someone's part. Thank the lord that we and the Rocklands had an unwritten agreement on Not Sharing certain things. One did not want to know...... well, one just did not want to
A sex-mad carousel that one can never get off, except by getting off
“How gross, exactly?” I asked. I had seen a lot in my time and I had also read some of my mother's stories, so it would surely take a lot to unsettle me. Especially after 'West Wing', where a seemingly respectable lord of the manor had turned half his house into a brothel.
before that!” Lord Trelawney grinned. “Come on, Tan. There is a comfortable bed up there with your name on it.”
He nearly fell out when the driver executed a sharp right into Baker Street and after what seemed like an age we were outside the Georgian facade of 221B. I had used the time to get the fellow's money ready – a large tip but he deserved it – and all but threw it at him as we tumbled up the stairs to where thankfully the front door was open as a maid was cleaning the steps. The landlady Mrs. Rockland was also there and looked more than a little surprise at our hasty advent.
“Cake!” Toni almost shouted looking mortified. “I made chocolate especially for you, Uncle John. For heaven's sake please change the subject!”
“Come here, John”, he said gently.
He had got it, as had I. I looked at our visitor curiously.
The Adventure Of Hedrek's Divagation
The Adventure Of The Musgrave Ritual
“You do not wish to do it?” Sherlock asked.
Mr. Holmes was able to help me with a few pointers to the robbery, though my own damn father pouted when I got a slice of what was obviously his (or his cuddle-bunny's) cake to take back to the station with me. Then just when I was congratulating myself on a successful visit, Doctor Watson quite deliberately dropped into the conversation that that whelp Tobias had been round already and had snaffled a slice for himself.
It was St. David's Day of our last year in London, and the daffodils were in bloom for what would be our last spring in Baker Street. I had for once been alone on my walk, Sherlock having had to go and visit his family (poor fellow!) and had returned expecting to find him in the inevitable foul mood that he so often was after such encounters. I may or may not have been looking forward to him working off his anger on me but that was beside the point.
“Time to hit the road!” I said. “Our cottage –
I wanted to say that the heir to the Imperial throne would not abandon his sacred duty for a woman. But I had my doubts – and I was to be proven all too right.
1909. Sherlock meets The Next Generation – his own grandsons! There may just be the odd emotion or seven.
Newick Smith, Gardener And Handyman
“No way”, he said flatly. “It wasn’t just that Alan kept a good house; even the drunks he threw out respected him for keeping order. He hadn’t an enemy in the world.”
So did I!
“But Salerio is married”, I objected. “And he never said that he was with anyone!”
It involved fishermen and a vacuum-pump
“Who is paying your fees in this case?”
The village itself had made a small (minuscule) contribution to the war; I remember the old iron railings being removed to help 'the war effort' and although I doubted they would be much use to anyone I supposed that it all helped to boost morale. And I had purchased one of the new 'Milk Tray' chocolate selections for my brother to take back to his wife. They were I knew most excellent because I had very selflessly purchased a second box and tested them, despite some smirking blue-eyed bastard just... smirking!
“You did it!” I said in amazement. “Lion, you saved me!”
I was about to reply when the model walked around from behind a screen that I had not even noticed and walked up onto the platform. He must have been at least six foot four, was very muscular and had fair, almost white skin. He was wearing a dressing-gown and carrying a huge broadsword that was almost as tall as he himself was, which he rested against the pole when he reached the dais I was about to ask Sherlock the obvious question when the fellow effortlessly shed the robe. Instinctively I looked down.
The following morning Lady Bradstock sent her carriage for us as agreed and the two of us were driven up to Stalwarton Hall (we left Miss Kelley to travel back to London for obvious reasons although Sherlock promised to telegraph her once the case was sorted). The hall was a charming grey-stone building, not overly large for an ancestral home and set on a slight hill above a model village of some eleven identical cottages and a timber-framed inn called The Stalwart Man. The River Cherwell gleamed in the summer sun not far to the west and it was hard to believe we were barely five miles from the hustle and bustle of Oxford, scene of our first meeting almost exactly thirty years ago.
“Yes”, he said unashamedly, slowly grinding his crotch against mine. “Now I think I am ready for Round Thirty-One.”
That critical year ended on a happy note as we had a second police visitor to the cottage, this time the recently retired Superintendent Chatton Smith, still living with his lover Mr. Fraser Macdonald on the Cumberland Coast. It was a sobering thought that Sherlock had first met the younger man when he had been but a teenager and now he was nearly fifty. Many  – too many – things seemed to be changing so fast these days.
. Besides, Sherlock did too.
A Ridunian Riddle
On reaching eighteen Ivan had with the help of a supporting letter of recommendation from myself (and Sherlock) obtained a place at the Leicester School Of Art And Science studying, of all things, vehicular technology. He had said in his letter of thanks that he hoped the day would come when everyone could afford one of these horseless carriages or auto-mobiles, a thought which had frankly made me shudder. His last letter had been a couple of months ago announcing that he had successfully completed his course – with honours! – and had obtained a job at a factory in Wellingborough, Northamptonshire, where they produced not only assorted metal products but also experimental vehicles.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Both ladies looked understandably confused. The actress recovered first.
“I have received some grave news”, Mr. Holmes said. “We believe that Lion is so depressed that he may be considering taking his own life!”
“Page seventeen”, he said shortly.
I did not smirk
I smiled to myself at his patriotism.
“Something has happened”, he said urgently, “or is about to happen. I feared that it might, but the warning I had was only vague until just now. It will concern a gentleman who you helped before, a Mr. Lion Buckingham.”
“Poor Tan”, I smiled. At the start of this year both of Sherlock's nephew and grandson had called again at the college to tell him how grateful they truly were to us both (even if Tantalus had looked terrible; it was a good thing that even at my age I never looked like that). Of course Sherlock had cried copiously after both visits.
“The general asked you to find him, I suppose”, he said.
Some of the many offspring of the biggest horn-dog in London Town.
Safe to say, my nephew had no more trouble from the Baddesley brothers who resigned from the club the moment that they got back to London. Bill and Ben still occasionally 'passed by' their house in Muswell Hill however, just to make sure that they stayed on the straight and narrow. Best of all as far as John was concerned, the sheikh allowed his cook to give my love the recipe for that particularly delicious chocolate cake!
I held a variable view of the British Army, especially after the way that they had treated poor young Jimmy Douglas (now happily married and living on the American east coast with a family of his own, I am pleased to say). Like all oversized institutions I expected some degree of corruption and mismanagement – I had always noted that those who claimed larger establishments to be more efficient were somehow never themselves efficient enough to provide any evidence of their claims – and while I admired the individual fighting soldier I was less well disposed towards those further up the food chain.
“Why?” I asked suspiciously.
“How did you know that?” I challenged.
Note: Mousehole is pronounced 'mow-zul' and Marazion 'marraz-eye-on'.
Born in 1860, the son of Lord Sheridan's second marriage hence he acceded to the title at the age of two! His brother-in-law Mr. Henry Buckingham (also his first cousin; he had married Mary Hawke) oversaw his minority although his father was partly in charge. After Lord Sheridan's death in 1879 Theobald took control, although he was constantly unwell and continued to need his brother-in-law's help. As he chose to never marry the title devolved to what was apparently his sister Mary's eldest son Harry (i.e. the late Lord Tobias Hawke II's natural son).
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I grinned and raised his sleepy head, running a finger through his ever-present stubble and kissing him on the lips.
Sherlock looked at him suspiciously, but apparently despite the lack of any blood connection his nephew had mastered the innocent look that I knew so well and did not believe for one single moment.
“I believe that you may have been unfortunate enough to endure a visit from General McCall.”
“I did bring a few of our playthings down from London just in case you felt in the mood”, I said casually, “but maybe some quiet time would suit us just now. Besides, if the weather is really good then Day and I can go.....”
This was the year of the Amsterdam Olympic Games, although my enjoyment of reading about then was somewhat marred by a sprained ankle I had sustained when.... well,
“Because”, I said, “we follow justice before the law. I do not believe that you have had a good life up to now Mr. McCall, but I rather think that working here on the farm will remedy that.
1935. There is talk of a potentially important divorce, while the shed behind 'Elementary' gets both a new light and a coat of paint.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
1916. Sherlock and John take a holiday in Scotland, revisiting someone they once helped, seeing somewhere far out and just enjoying time on the beach admiring the beautiful scenery.
We both stared at him, dumbfounded.
1936. Japes in the clouds.
The Adventure Of The Knuckle-Duster
, I thought morosely.
I looked at him, now completely confused.
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
Luckily Ned immediately sent a telegram to Mr. Holmes – that surprised me as I knew he'd retired with Doctor Watson and I was sure I'd read somewhere that they'd gone Abroad – but sure enough, a few days later three men who were even bigger than me called at Bowen's cottage. I couldn't catch what they said but he put in for and was immediately given a transfer down to Newcastle, and the village was better off for his going.
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
Despite my initial wariness of these metal death-traps I sometimes helped my son –
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“The way John writes of you”, he said, “I rather do.”
I scowled (it was
“Please tell us what the problem is first”, I said.
“I believe that I promise you a case on the sea-front in Marseilles?” he reminded me.
Sequel to The X-Factor, featuring the seven sons of Brian
“Daddy”, the boy said frowning, “why has someone put ladies' underwear on this wooden thing?”
And then demanded celebration sex. Twice!
I looked at my love's normally light hazel eyes now dark with jealousy, and decided that I would indeed get round to it. Some day.
Rodin's Thinker walking around naked and actually doing
“How do you know that?” I asked.
I smiled at the sound from the bathroom; John was already running our bath.
I nodded, put away my notes and went to fetch my testing kit.
“Yes”, he said. “Hot, sweaty sex. Fortunately he has Solario and Salerio for that.”
“I come now to the strange part”, my visitor said. “On the same day that Mr. Troilus confronted his father, Mrs. Bollinger sent him a message in which she warned him that his younger son was trying to prevent their communicating and pleading with him to ignore the fellow. The strange part was that the telegram that Mrs. Bollinger sent was of course timed – to half an hour
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Only because we both know that it provokes you”, he grinned. “And you are an even better lover when you are in one of those jealous rages. But you can punish me for it when we get back to Baker Street!”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
He gave a dirty chuckle.
“Fray is wonderful with his namesake”, our visitor smiled. “He gets all mushy and dewy-eyed when the boy calls him Grandfather, although when I did the same after he had left the other week, I most definitely lived to regret it! He said that real men do not cry, even though he had me in tears. He sprained his ankle last Thursday – yes, because of that – so he could not come with me. I was almost relieved at the rest, until he and Chummy somehow managed to arrange for the boys to all have two days off from the station so that all four or them could all come with me. They are all waiting for me back at the hotel; I can only hope my 'can-do' cousin has taken their edge off, so to speak.”
“I do not see the point of these beach-houses”, I complained as we walked past the gaily-coloured doors. “There does not seem to be enough room inside to swing a cat.”
John was clearly horrified by such a suggestion, and after our visitors had gone spent a long evening determined to fuck me into not even considering it. In fact my only consideration was how I was going to pay Tiny the money I owed him before he left England!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Will that work?” I asked dubiously.
“That is enough for me”, he said grimly. “It is as I feared. We are fortunate that  we shall be able to close this case before we leave.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Shut up!
I was more than happy with my life in those halcyon days, my beautiful John and our cottage on the Downs. But we knew full well that the shadow of war loomed over us and conflict now looked all but certain. Yesterday we had received the dreadful news that the heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, Franz Ferdinand†, had been assassinated by a Serb 'patriot'. War between Austria-Hungary and Serbia now looked inevitable,and that would surely drag in most of Europe.
Blind Man's Bluff
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Mr. Macdonald telling his younger lover that he was taking him home so he could 'contribute his bit' though – really! Some men are complete sex maniacs these days. (Sherlock looked at me rather oddly when I said that to him; I have no idea why).
“What are the Sands?” I asked.
You did say that the one time you heard the nurse speak, she had an American accent.”
Master Bigglesworth shook his head at me when we left the air-base for the last time, which was odd. The boy was smart but there was no way that he could have known about that pilot's uniform that I had purloined for 'research purposes'.
“How so?” I asked.
need to chuckle 'best of luck, doctor!' every time he delivered a package.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Had to get the top done a second time”, I said airily. “You know the sort of marks we get on the pitch. Come on in.”
“Your brother is a grown man”, Mr. Holmes said quietly as the three of us sat together later. Father and Mother were, it turned out, away for the whole day so the whole sordid business could be broken to them gently when they returned, while the doctor had given poor Lion a sedative. I rarely drank (except after Sarah's parents had been round) but accepted a large whisky which I downed in one go. I was still shaking after that.
1911. With the shadow of war growing ever longer, ruling the waves may no longer be enough to keep Britannia safe. Sherlock and John agree to leave Chuffingden and travel to the air-base at Northolt, Middlesex, to investigate strange goings-on around the experimental mail flights between there and Windsor – is flying more dangerous than even John supposes?
“Still looks like Christmas exploded in here!” he grinned.
Coincidentally our last case from Baker Street arose not long after I saw a most amusing sign outside a tavern in that busy thoroughfare:
We went to Mr. Guilford Holmes's hotel for the night, and we just slept together in silence as we reflected on a chapter of our lives that was not finally closed. That house had been part of our lives for the best part of two decades but now we had the cottage on the Downs and, most importantly of all, each other. Life was good.
Some snarky bastard did not help by openly smirking from behind the vicar's back, damn him!
Luke and Benji play strip rugby
At least I
The man looked at him warily.
Inspired by the supposed Austro-Hungarian raid on the Harray Pottery
“There is a small but fiercely territorial tribe in the south-eastern corner of my little realm”, he explained. “A micro-nation as they call it but like Arbir itself, strategically important; the sole road in from the Ottoman Empire passes through their lands and they do not appreciate anyone using it without the appropriate payment. The last time Imperial forces tried so to do, two thousand of the interlopers ended up dead.”
, I thought with a smile.
“Prince Pale also needed someone for the position of head of security at the embassy”, I said. “Someone with a good track record of giving orders and keeping control of, ahem, more wayward staff members.”
He tensed up at once and looked sharply at me.
“Down, boy!” I grumbled. “Honestly, you think of nothing but sex.”
“Mr. Constantine Irons?” Sherlock asked. The young man smiled.
I could not know then that I would see neither my dear father nor his faithful friend ever again.
On the other hand, even I could be wrong. I stared at our guest in confusion.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of The Tarbertshire Viking
“Apparently Randall chose to have some of his men break into the shop to obtain the negative, then break back in the next night to replace it”, he said. “I would wager that the idea of using more conventional means did not even occur to him!”
The sheikh smiled unpleasantly at the two visitors.
“Well?” he asked once I had finished.
“True”, our host said. “However by a stroke of bad luck the French president is coming to England tomorrow for what was originally going to be just an informal visit. In view of the situation in the Balkans, King George wants to do what he can to make him feel welcome in order to strengthen the ties between our nations. The two gentlemen will attend the performance of a play in Shaftesbury Avenue, and your attendance would most certainly be appreciated.”
The Adventure Of The Brothers-In-Arms
“You did”, I said, shivering. “And?”
Except, possibly, for a pair of ethereal white wings hanging behind him and a halo whose light shone down on him. I did not need to be any sort of detective to work that one out.
The Adventure Of The Irregular Cartwright
I got a bit of a ticking-off from St. Peter for arriving before I was due, but he explained that I had been given the Sight for the specific reason of keeping an eye on my clever twin who was due here in a few years' time. It would have been longer but he like me had prayed not to be parted from the man he loved for even a day, and without my advantages Heaven had very generously agreed to that request (although of course they had not communicated that fact to him). Like the painting which he had seen just before his retirement had begun, it would indeed be the eve of the war when he left Earth for the last time.
It was a pleasant journey of a little over an hour from Hereford to Craven Arms, followed by a short carriage ride. The countryside in this part of Shropshire was I thought like that poem of John's, quiet and rather charming. Parliament Farm lay at the end of a narrow track a little way west of the village of Clungunford.
Born in 1893, eldest son of Lord Harry III. An upright fellow who was a key figure in Wiltshire's war effort in the Second World War, he had married a lady who could not have children.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Where is that?” I asked.
Lion and I occasionally saw Mr. Holmes and Doctor Watson but I doubt that either of them had spotted anything amiss. Father had accompanied us the last time only a few days ago and Mr. Holmes had mentioned that they were about to head off to East Suffolk for a case there. I was therefore most surprised when they called in at my home in Chipping Ongar, as the route back from where they had gone would have been quite difficult involving as it did either a long carriage-ride from Chelmsford or a most circuitous route back through the capital. I thought at first that they might be here to see young Henry, but the worried looks on both their faces quickly told me otherwise.
I sighed unhappily. Three years ago my nephew and Stevie's eldest Jack had married one Miss Emma-Jane Garvett whom Sherlock had immediately categorized as a ‘First-Class With Honours Complete Airhead’, an appellation with which I had soon been forced to agree (even the saintly Hetty had confided to us her opinion that if we stood close enough to her daughter-in-law we could probably hear the sea!). It had soon become clear that Emma-Jane and her husband were ill-matched and that she would and did flirt (and sleep) with just about any available male. She had even succeeded in wrangling an introduction to our lecherous late king which had only been scuppered when that monarch had shuffled off this mortal coil just days before she had been due to meet him. He had been lucky so to do!
Later that night we.... you know. I was sure from they way they looked at me in our next match that Bill and Jay knew what was going down (me every damn night and every damn morning!), but all they did was smirk. Though that was bad enough, damn them!
“This morning a latter arrived at the Hall for Lord Trelawney”, I said, “confirming that his travelling companion for their day in London has managed to get him into the most exclusive molly-house that our capital city can boast, and that all sorts of 'delights' are going to be laid on. I contacted his valet Mr. Hebden and he will 'accidentally' place it in her pile of letters, helped by the fact that the untidy wording on the envelope makes the 'Mr. T.' look like 'Mrs.'. She will see this as an opportunity to catch her husband in the act so to speak, no doubt with her London lawyer present. That she employs the 'services' of that vulture Mr. Terence May does not surprise me in the least; birds of a feather do indeed flock together.”
“He usually has lemon juice”, she said, “which I suppose is quite sharp and would hide the taste of anything.”
“What has brought this on?” I asked, diverting myself from some Very Happy Thoughts.
The tall policeman shook his finger at me.
much. The only development of note was that Mr. Creighton Dallas did indeed sell his cottage to Lord Fleet and begin preparations to follow his dream to the United States, whither he was headed after his late brother's funeral. That event was I understand well-attended, although for obvious reasons Sherlock and I stayed away. The upside of that was that the fertility effects of the stone continued to work their magic which was wonderful except for those times when I sat down too quickly.
“The man was shot twice”, I said.
“What were you looking into when you came across that fact?” I asked.
bode well. Not well at all!”
The photographer hesitated.
“We desperately need to speak with Mr. Holmes and Doctor Watson”, I said. “I only hope we are in time.”
“Tell us about it”, Sherlock urged.
“It looks like the earth moved for other people as well!” he quipped.
“I had a hunch what he was up to and I was right. He went to my sister's farm which is not far from the village of Clungunford, one of the ones that was supplying us food and drink for our time in the area. Derek came out to meet him –
“Where was he at the time?” Sherlock asked.
“Why?” I asked with what was obviously fake innocence. “I said that I wanted to teach you the importance of things, and professors do wear mortar-boards.”
“Because only I get to stare at your doings, John Watson!”
“You are referring to Tom and his problem, I suppose”, he said. “Harrumph! What business is that of yours, sir?”
Sherlock looked at me knowingly. That was still annoying and all!
I was still working on my writings that evening when Sherlock went to bed and I muttered that I would not be long as I was wrestling with a particularly tricky part of my story concerning the 'disappearance' of Lady Frances Carfax. After some effort I had the story the way I wanted it and put my papers away before going to my room to undress. Then I slipped across to Sherlock's room slowly pushing the door open. He was laid on the bed reading, wearing those black-framed square reading-glasses of his.
“A blanched face, perhaps?” Sherlock prompted.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Has the lady asked for money?” I asked.
He nodded.
“There has been a further killing at the Mazarin Stone”, he said. “Two deaths this time. Miss Dallas and Mr. Heston.”
“A chance to save the life of the gentleman who avenged your poor mother”, I said. “I only wish that I could use my gun, or that you had taken those lessons.”
1911. The Malones have finally got what they wanted (six times over), and there is a death in the Holmes family which leads to all sorts of complications. Meanwhile poor John has more of the sort of family problems that not even Sherlock can help him with.
Fortunately as so often Sherlock came to my rescue (he must have already downed three cups by the look of him).
Family Ties
I was to be proven all too right. But then I knew that already.
→1.11: Benedict (1896-1948)
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Tell you what?” I deflected.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
He did. And after what he did next I would never again be able to listen to Mozart without smiling!
“Promise?” he grinned before disappearing through a door.
I took out the paper that I had written the day before and placed it on the table before him.
“Of course you must do it, dear”, she said firmly. “He is your brother after all. Besides, you have always enjoyed being a drama queen.”
He looked at me uncertainly.
customers that day who seemed to have bathed in cologne, especially as the second one was a lady. The description of the second malodorous passenger that he gave matched Miss Ockham perfectly – so why was she so doused with gentlemen's cologne?”
“No, sir”, he said firmly.
“But who then shot her and Mr. Heston?” I asked.
We had a welcome visitor to the cottage that December, my nephew Jack. Well, fairly welcome, even if he did allude to the fact that I may have gone every so slightly further than was the norm in decorating the cottage (fortunately for him he did not push it, otherwise I might 'accidentally' mention the twelve sets of Festive Panties that I had laid in to mark the Twelve Days of Christmas!)
“Please go on”, I said.
“Well, I could probably tell you, sir”, he said. “The conductors they work the same route week after week, so if you know the train I can say who was on it easily enough. But you'd then have to go and ask them if they stuck to their schedule; sometimes they change with illnesses and the like. Though if you're well enough to breathe you're well enough to work, that's my view!”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The sergeant nodded and moved to close the file. I saw that it actually had a photograph of Ivan attached to it and he caught me looking.
“I should have seen something”, I said bitterly. “He was my brother, damnation!”
Rear Window
The Adventure Of The Harray Pottery
her guests – not a good idea for anyone in her business, for obvious reasons – but..... let us be frank and say that the peace and quiet is so wonderful! She also knows that her formerly loud guest will be gone in a few weeks anyway. Doubtless she ensures that only the woman in question receives the new mushrooms most of the time, with one or two going to the other guests occasionally.”
I stared around in disbelief; the whole thing had an air of unreality about it. It looked as if we had been gone for ten minutes, not ten years. Everything was exactly the way we had left it back in 1904 with not a speck of dust on what were clearly copies of some of our favourite possessions, with even a copy of the famous fireside chair that I knew was safely back in our beloved cottage. Besides me, Sherlock chuckled.
→→→1.1.1.1: Neil (1938-2009)
1923. There are gains and a loss to the families of the dynamic duo as well as a gain to the Royal Family itself, from which Sherlock can see potentially great things. And someone is formally told to shut up!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“What can we do for you?” I asked.
I worked my way up his impressive body – so much more massive than my own although still all muscle, and also so much more to work into a happy puddle of goo – and toyed with his nipples. Impressively after coming so violently that he had nearly bucked himself off the bed, he began to get hard again.
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
Sherlock sniggered. I just wanted to die!
The Adventure Of The Moscow Cows
Lord above, how the blazes had I gotten myself into this mess?
My ever-efficient wife was marshalling the family for the meal and I smiled at her in thanks. Earlier Luke and I had taken his three boys over to see the old reprobates. My father had not blubbered at all at our telling him that our latest arrival was now officially John Watson II, and the only bad moment had been when young Sherlock had asked why we had to wait for so long outside the cottage before going in, and worse, had looked damn suspiciously at us when we had been unable to answer! The two rapscallions had declined my invitation to join us because... I knew damn well why and so did not want to think about it! Over eighty the pair of them and still as bad as ever!
Together, we went into our home and onto whatever the future held for us both. Sherlock and John, together for always. It really was... elementary!
He shook his head.
“Of course”, Sherlock said. “Your husband is being poisoned by his elder brothers.”
He stared at me in shocked silence.
“Something is bothering you”, I said as walked along the sea-front later that day. We were to spend the night at a hotel in the town, Rensselaer having been fully booked, and then most of the next day with the Malones so there was no hurry. “Is it to do with your father’s passing?”
I did not need to hear the little cries of pain at every step. I did not even need to see the hickey that could probably be spotted from the surface of the Moon, lurking above my nephew's skew-whiff collar, nor the tattered clothes, nor the expression that told me here was a man who had little left in the tank. My grandson's expression was a smugness level that even I would have been proud of.
Ginger was much the same as ever, with the sort of permanently confused look that had led so many of the criminal class to underestimate him always to their ruin. Today however there was also an air of concern, and I asked if it was Swordland's that had brought him here today.
tenant. This tenant is a large, formidable and loud woman, who is very fond of her own opinions and believes that everyone should have the 'benefit' – as she if no-one else sees it – of hearing them. At every waking moment. She may only be in the area for a relatively short time but to those around her it seems so much longer.”
I shuddered at such a horrible end and almost without realizing it ran over to Sherlock, who wrapped his dressing-gown around us both and held me tight. I shivered, the warmth of my personal human heater for once not enough to keep me warm.
It had been a long and trying journey from London to the Welsh March, especially for John who had been fucked about a dozen times and had had to have a sit-down at Hereford Station before he could make it out to a cab. Although his face when one of the porters had offered him a wheelchair – hah! Before we had left London I had had time to read the copious notes on our client that Miss St. Leger had managed to assemble in the short time available to her. Very interesting; they opened up several possibilities to resolve matters to the satisfaction of just about everyone. Except of course our deeply unpleasant client.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I wondered at that. Surely that was just the way of rugby?
“We had better go to see Mrs. Start, and find out”, he said with a smile.
The earl looked at him in surprise.
finger-prints are on that ticket to Leicester, a ticket that she should never have been anywhere near. No, they will get her my friend.”
I looked at Lion in horror.
Sherlock smirked at me again and I blushed deeply. Hell I was behaving like a maiden who was about to lose her virtue for the first time. Which was about as far from the truth as that mysterious giant planet that they were still looking for out beyond Neptune.
“Because Sherlock here has enough on both the police and the government to make them think twice”, John said, cynically if accurately. “Otherwise that pest of a brother of his would be round like a shot!”
“I did not know that he was an expert on the politics of that region”, I said.
Little known, except that it involved horse-brasses being hung somewhere
An insane inventor inputs charges into his victims' bodies 'via the front door'
“Sherrinford sent me a telegram from his new home in the United States”, Sherlock explained later. “I did not want to say anything directly because your brother is, for all his fine qualities, a little fatalistic. He might well have felt that he was changing history by not being on that train.”
“Carl and Katy found the perfect place”, his nephew said, “near a town called Sandy in Bedfordshire. They want to start a family in a few years time once they are settled, but unfortunately the current owner is, the estate agent was kind enough to warn them, virulently anti-Semitic so they may well not be able to secure it.”
Lieutenant Anderson looked at me in surprise.
“Your brother needs time to heal”, Mr. Holmes said. “I believe that there is a sanatorium close in Chipping Ongar?”
We could not then know either that we were less than seven years away from seeing the first domino fall, or the terrible consequences that would unfold as a result. For our Nation and, in some ways, for us personally.
“I saw someone try to open a door but the train was going too fast”, he panted. “Have we lost him?”
The Adventure Of The Wrong O'Raffertys
“For her part in an attempt to extort money from you, sir”, I said. “She was one half of a highly professional scheme which, had it succeeded, would have greatly benefited her partner in crime.”
“The bookcase shows two distinct choices of literature in both business and pleasure reading”, Sherlock said, smiling in a way that was just annoying. “Also the table by the window has faint sun-marks on it which indicates that someone frequently spreads paperwork all over the place, something that certain writers do far too often these days.”
An unpleasant major landowner in Redhampton, Northamptonshire. He was murdered by the Reverend Dowdeswell during a historical re-enactment; the vicar coated the inside of his costume's collar with monkshood but Sherlock found him out, and he committed suicide.
“That you were my real father!”
“Elizabeth has conceived some frankly idiotic notion that she is in love with a soldier based on – well, of all things, on a
“I have a
He looked at me pointedly. I knew from Miss St. Leger folder just what he was not telling me there, namely what the general had likely done in taking a strap to his own son at times. Perhaps a nice trip to the country for some of Sweyn's boys to help 'remind' said general what was and what was not acceptable behaviour. Some people could only ever learn life's lessons the hard way.
“I do not see how you think that we can do anything”, I said. “We are not diplomats.”
His face was suddenly ashen.
I was surprised at that.
Garfield's Last Laugh
He was clearly torn, wanting me to repeat what we had done but fearing that I might insist on it right now. If there was a Pout any time soon, I could not be held responsible for any naked consequences.
“What is it?” Lion asked at once.
Feel The Burn
He was overthrown and my first act was to appoint Bill and Ben as harem guards and bring them with me to England. It was the highest honour that I could legally bestow on them and it only just smoothed things over back home; their people were as you might have guessed not overly pleased and we had several small-scale raids before peace was restored. I mention them because I think that they might be useful to you in this.”
“What?” John asked.
The Adventure Of The Ninth Doctor
“We should do nothing”, I said eventually. “What will be, will be.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“You're right about my mother, sir”, he said, “though my grandfather does live just north of Newcastle. His son whose name I bear was Lady Eleanor's footman and they..... you know. I was lucky that there are so few family members around just now; the old duke decided to keep me by 'as a spare'. Not that he's have dared cross my mother!”
It sounded right.
Also I was not sure that I could walk that much just now!
Mr. Day Penmarrick's cottage was ideally placed, within easy walking distance of the village yet set on a small headland with a screen of trees that gave it privacy (he had very obligingly moved into rooms at the local tavern, where he was dating the landlord's daughter). The following day we walked down to the village to meet the first omnibus of the day, and saw an unimpressive one passenger alight. At least there was a one hundred per cent increase in the number of people going the other way!
Looking up at him I wondered if that was what it had felt like to sail beneath the Colossus of Rhodes, that short-lived wonder of the Ancient World. Except Sherlock was a living breathing wonder who was already dragging me off to the main room. The famous fireside chair had of course been replaced, the original one now residing in our little cottage otherwise the room was just as we left it all those years ago. Sherlock seated me on the couch my erection already rising again despite my sixty-two years and squatted naked over me before lowering himself onto me, taking me so quickly I nearly blacked out. I was supposed to be the one in charge here, but Sherlock was literally dragging the orgasm out of me and I came a second time with a satisfied grunt.
1903. The unknowing half-great-nephew of a certain consulting detective, Mr. Hereward Buckingham's life seems set fair – but his concerns about his adoptive brother prove all too accurate. Fortunately his other family is set to ride to the rescue.
The Boscombe Valley Mystery
She nodded to us, placed her card on the table and headed for the door, hopefully missing my slight sigh of relief that she was departing and had not simp.....
Even with the heater, the water was now getting cold and Sherlock got us out before drying us off with a huge towel. Normally rubbing my naked body against my man's would have had only one outcome but this time we both remained quiet, content to have each other close. Once we were dry he led me out and to the bedroom where he slipped us both under the covers.
“Thank you, Ginger”, I said. “I will look into this – once I have helped poor John back to the land of the living.”
I smiled at the praise, but my limbs were leaden as he too me into the bathroom and eased me under the shower. Had he not been supporting me I might well have collapsed but the refreshing spray coupled with his tender ministrations as he kissed his way around my body made me feel a little stronger and when he ran his tongue up the underside of my cock, it actually managed to become almost fully erect again. Sherlock eased in behind me and slipped inside of me, not pushing for an orgasm this time but content to make us one somehow recharging me just by his presence. I leaned against the wall for support, and the movement caused him to brush against my prostate and come forcibly. My cock twitched, but that was all. I was done.
“I do not see why you are so set against this idea of flying”, said someone who was not getting laid or doing any laying any time soon. “This Aviation Week seems an excellent idea, and they will doubtless offer flights for anyone who wishes to see the earth from on high.”
I glared at him.
Oddly enough we had been speaking of my grandson only the other week, and not just because of his wife giving birth to a daughter who was almost certainly not his. Come to that....
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I nodded and went so to do, knowing from the unhappy growl that someone else was up too. I had the good sense to take him his dressing-gown; my son did not need any extra trauma just now!
“Not another attempt on the French president?” I asked worried. He shook his head.
A lieutenant with severe PTSD tells him, “I’d do anything to go back, because at least there, it made sense.
Sherlock takes a breath and slightly curls his back. He does not break eye contact for a moment as he slowly starts to ride John.
Sherlock sighs in frustration, and jumps up, a quick flash of limbs and skin and cock, gets in front of him, and leans in.
“Very technical,” Jim says. “Near-perfect.”
John should have pulled him into bed and kept him all night, kissed him everywhere, then fucked him into oblivion. He should have done every single thing he could think of and then some.
Mycroft adds, “I shall be more distant in the future.” Mycroft is amazed that Sherlock would show this much emotion in front of him. “You have nothing to fear.”
What if Mycroft gets up, then? Walks over, and John just licks Mycroft’s cock, slobbers all over it, gets the heat and heavy musk of it in his mouth…
Sherlock puts his hand between the elastic of John’s pants and his belly and pulls it down.
Sherlock’s still standing there, but there’s nothing more to say. John can’t come along to the morgue, if that’s even what Sherlock wants. He has to go to work.
John looks up and says, “Sit on the bed?”
Sherlock puts a hand on John’s arm to signify to wait. John nods at him, flushed and happy, still smiling.
He finds the development of his dependency on them somewhat difficult. Mycroft does not live easily with the thought that he is still bonded and indebted to Sherlock. And that Sherlock is so involved in the care for Violet. Part of him cannot help but see it as a potential hazard, as something that will be painful when it ends, so that it might be more cautious for it to be ended now. But then Mycroft sees Sherlock with Violet, and he knows that he would deprive them both if he were to stop it. That Violet will need love in her life, and that Sherlock quite obviously wishes to give it to her.
They are swaying together outside of noise or thought.
At least he’s sure there, John thinks.
John smiles back.
John’s voice sounds a little amused, as if he thinks it’s silly, what he just did, but Sherlock’s cheek is still burning with the memory of John’s lips. It’s lovely. He says, “Good night, John.”
Well, there’s nothing left for him.
Mycroft gather Violet’s things and takes her. Even in the car, she is still talking. “Parrot lost!” Ah, about the book.
“No, stay.” Sherlock says it too fast, too desperate. He feels a prickle of unease.
,” John says as he kisses the side of Mycroft’s neck, “that…” Another kiss to the side of his mouth. John gives him a cheeky look. “...now you’re not pregnant, there’s a lot of new things we can do.”
The tattoo itself goes well enough. John is conscious of the time limit, but then tattooing at home in the shop is no different. People pay by the hour for larger pieces, so it’s important to be precise in his estimate of what he can do. John has dealt with some difficult clients throughout the years, so he has learned to be damn accurate.
“Fifteen days since implantation.”
It’s the same attendant waiting at the door of the Diogenes club, with the same blank expression. John doesn’t even ask, just walks in fast enough that the guy has to keep up with him. Back down in the lift. The man does give him a somewhat questioning look this time, but John ignores him. He’s not really thinking about what he’s doing, actually.
And later, Mycroft tells John about the baby, and John looks at him with gratitude so clear Mycroft feels it dance between them. As if, while it is not a physical connection, it is binding the two of them in something like a touch. It is a beautiful moment.
Mycroft’s gaze seem to pierce him. “John, are you looking to have a sexual relationship with my brother?”
John stays in his room all evening and night, and then goes downstairs early enough that Sherlock’s still asleep.
He looks well, even. He’s pale, but Sherlock’s dressed in a suit under that coat. He shaved. John knows that he’s staring, but Sherlock is staring right back. Sherlock’s eyes are taking him in, flickering over him like he’s seeing everything John has thought and felt in these last few weeks.
John laughs. “Sure.” He takes his shoes off, and then pushes the living room table aside.
And Sherlock smiles, a bright smile, and continues to jerk him off.
out. He is gay, and he doesn’t hide it. He’s out there chatting to his client about boyfriends like he does it every day. And maybe he does. John doesn’t know.
“Thanks.” Sherlock eyes John when he says, “Brother dear.” He flicks his phone off before he can hear Mycroft’s reply.
Sherlock makes a disbelieving sound.
Mycroft can feel the barely-there touch as John traces his skin. “Yes.” They’re hardly there. Just the faintest brown spots, from a past long forgotten. When Mycroft used to play outside himself, he imagines.
“Give me one?” John hasn’t smoked in ages, but watching Sherlock smoke constantly reminds him of the craving.
“I think so. For now at least. JW” John feels a bit weird texting him and not mentioning anything about, well. Mycroft asked whether he could kiss him, and that was… yeah. John smiles, remembering it. He sends, “More time to think about kissing you. JW”
“I see.”
John hurries downstairs to ask Mrs. Hudson for help, and Sherlock texts Lestrade, “We’re coming.”
“I know, I know, but it’s fine…” John’s warm hand touches his hip.
when John went down on his knees.
Mycroft nods.
He does not take pleasure in leaving the country and does so only when necessary, but it is only a train journey. He can leave London in the afternoon and be back the next. There are perfectly fine hospitals and medical care in Paris as well if needed. Mycroft arranges for Violet to stay over with John and Sherlock again, and goes.
Violet says to the donkey, “Yes, you do! You do!” And then to the baby Jesus, sounding remarkably like Mycroft, “
He looks at Sherlock, and feels like he wants to pull him close. Instead it’s just a smile, as it always is. But it feels too large, too big of a moment not to touch him. Dammit, he might have a kid at the end of this! So John tries, just this once. “Can I touch you?”
In his first month at the veteran’s centre, John missed one shift because of a case, one because of the wedding proposal, and a third because Sherlock wanted to take Violet to the doctor for a cough, and John was worried enough that he went along.
of the bath. It was a struggle to dry her off, and to get her into her pyjamas, never mind making her go to sleep. Mycroft had to go into her room four times to calm her down because she was screaming herself into hyperventilating.
Another sigh. “Perfectly fine. Except that she wakes at least five times a night, and hasn’t slept for more than a two hour stretch since leaving the hospital.”
“What is it?” Sherlock sounds tense - he knows he does, but he can’t stop it. Something, somewhere is
An audible swallow. Does John know what he’s doing? Can he hear it? Sherlock can’t stop.
He only opens his eyes slowly. Sees the rain, still falling on the window.
Just to see John smile at him, once more, distracted now, before he goes upstairs.
William is being handed from one person to the next and cooed over, to Mycroft’s mild annoyance - Sherlock can tell by the way his eye twitches.
He looks over at Violet, who is clumsily trying to fill a small bucket, and repeats John’s words, dully, “You love me?”
John wants to ask Sherlock why he did that, why he bothered, but Sherlock starts walking.
Christmas is Mrs. Hudson’s idea at first. She wants to ‘have a do.’
Mycroft nods at her, and then focuses on Violet. “Violet, I need to go to the hospital to have the baby.”
Why would you want me to try and...” He nods at the violin. “You’re about to get married. He’ll be yours alone, he has said as much. Take your vows and honour them. There is no reason at all to involve me any longer.”
Sherlock deepens it, because he wants this. The touch. The distraction.
When Anthea catches him smiling, she asks, slyly, “Feeling good, sir?”
John speeds it up.
He glances at Violet, and then at William in his arms. Their kids, too. “Right, come on, Violet. Time for bed.”
They don’t talk about anything important.
He takes the stairs down. His hips are dully singing, and so is his cock, full of sensation still. But he feels nauseous, too. Filthy as fuck. Does this Sherlock bloke just do everyone, all night? How long does it go on for?
After a moment, Mycroft says, uncomfortably, “...That’s correct.”
Sherlock moves a little, showing he’s listening.
Quinton is sniffing still, but the first shock seems to be wearing off. John feels for him, really, but stuff like this happens all the time, right?
There’s a brief pause, and John has a drink. It’s whisky, sharp and full, the good stuff.
John’s voice cracks. “Oh, it was.” John looks back. His cheeks are flushed. “Yeah, that’s... really something.”
Mycroft is aware that he is getting much more rest now than he ever did with Violet when he was just out of hospital. Violet would scream for hours while he was attempting to recover from surgery on top of a broken bond, so it was absolutely worse back then. It must have been. But yet, Mycroft finds himself to be so very tired. He feels slow and heavy, in more ways than one.
It makes John feel better in a way. At least Mycroft doesn’t have all the answers, either.
But John says, “Okay, yeah, let’s.”
Mycroft looks at John’s expression - John has a slight frown as he studies the picture, but there is a hint of pride in the way he stands. And Sherlock’s utter fascination is clear. Sherlock says, “The head circumference is approximately 180 millimetres?”
John sends to Sherlock, “I’m getting a drink, won’t be home yet. JW”
The visual is so strong that it takes Mycroft a moment to realise what the source of the warm breath by his erection is.
“How pretty, Sherlock.” Jim smiles. “So warm. Full of
“Between the omega I am bonded to and someone else?” Of course he can.
John’s done eating. He mumbles, “Off for a walk,” grabs his cane, and doesn’t wait for anyone’s reply. He might as well go have a look where Sherlock ended up.
Sherlock’s voice sounds low, when he says, “Of course,” but John isn’t listening, he turns and rushes out the door, up the stairs. Fuck, fuck,
John orders a small latte at the counter. Mycroft asks for a cup of tea.
Sherlock sits there, looking blankly at the dust filtering in the air.
Underneath his focus, Sherlock’s mind circles back to John and – easier, much easier -
His breath is coming in small, shuddering gasps. The sheer sensation of John’s fingertips is overwhelming. He does not want to give in to it, but he already has. John can tell. John can see this, feel this. And Sherlock’s reaction is too much.
“Molly!” Janine laughs at her wording.
“Yeah.” John sounds briefly sad about it, too. “That’s it, probably, right? You get through it all, and then you’re surprised when suddenly they’re big.”
Mycroft walks in, and all eyes suddenly shift to him. He is a well-known customer, after all. There is a small nod. “Mister Holmes. Can I help you?”
“For the morgue?
Sherlock looks feverish already. The hormones that he injected himself with will negate his suppressants and will make him want to bond. There is sweat pearling on Sherlock’s brow, he is jiggling his leg, tapping his fingers, slowly stinking up the room. He’ll have a heat either way.
“It makes sense why you wanted to, John.” Sherlock did right in suppressing his jealousy, he thinks. This is scientifically explainable, and it’s not John’s fault at all.
“’m awake,” Sherlock mumbles.
He has never properly considered the question of disclosure.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s mouth feels dry. “Go on a date, John.”
Mycroft says, carefully, “Neither have you.”
When he slept in John’s bed, he felt plain lust. When John touched him so freely in the park, his heart leapt.
“Want to go up?” John stands up brusquely, leaving Sherlock little choice. But why not. They both know what they’re doing here, don’t they? Fucking for a bit, then leaving it. It’s as simple as that.
Shit. John simply nods. Fine, yes. He fucked up. He knows that.
John laughs at his formality.
“Hmm. Next time I’ll send up some prostitutes.”
He checks his phone. As expected, Mycroft texted. It’s more restrained than Sherlock would have thought, just a single message. “I believe we should talk. M”
Janine, across from him in the row of small shops, makes a face, then shouts to Bainbridge, “Not very halal, this.”
But the soldier clears his throat pointedly.
“Of course.”
John knew that Sherlock was high every time he’s been with him. He noticed the track marks on day one. It’s just that he chose not to think on it too much.
It is Mycroft himself who has been keeping the distance between them, because he does not trust his own ability to deal with this rationally.
Sherlock, two paces from him on the other side of the door, is silent. It took John under five minutes to come, which should be sad, but it was remarkably good, actually.
So they visit a retired curator - an elderly woman, Sherlock can see the same knitting needles in her handbag that Mrs. Hudson favours - and leave it with her.
John’s face is close to his stomach, moving back and forth right over the space of his open fly, and Mycroft helplessly reaches out and feels the short strands of John’s greying hair under his fingers. Mycroft touches John’s cheek as John sucks, and John smiles around his erection.
It is not even lust. While it is present, yes - Mycroft would have gladly taken John to his bed after kissing him, he would at any time - it is not all. Mycroft longs for John’s presence. John’s touch, calm and unobtrusive. John’s laugh and voice.
Mycroft does not comprehend how Sherlock does it. And why.
He doesn’t speak. Neither does John. He’s not all that sure what he could say, anyhow.
to be here.
John looks at Mycroft. He’s asleep, still lying on his side, with a hand over his stomach. The faint shape of Sherlock is visible behind him. All John ever did for Mary was go to Tesco’s and buy biscuits.
Sherlock walks past them and then disappears somewhere – for a smoke maybe, John thinks. He doesn’t have time to join him now, though. He needs to get this done first.
Or touched in any loving way.
John looks at him. “You could tell?”
But John is sitting on the sofa, half-upright, still awake and looking at him. “That was gorgeous, Sherlock.”
“…Sherlock?” Molly asked him something.
Mycroft comes over to take her. “Hello, my darling.” Violet cuddles briefly to his neck, and Mycroft strokes her back.
Sherlock looks Mycroft over and tries to determine the logic. He hasn’t accomplished anything of note, certainly not in Mycroft’s eyes.
Right, maybe it was a terrible idea. Maybe he was trying to quit. But it seemed like he needed them.
Sherlock lifts his head, and the movement is enough to make him feel a flash of sharp-hot desire. His penis is sticking to the fabric of his punishingly tight trousers, his spilled come has dried up and
“My dolly.”
He gets his foot stuck under a tree root or something like that, John doesn’t see, only that he suddenly makes an odd lurch to the side. John is too late to catch him, so Sherlock goes down face-first onto the grass.
Mycroft turns to his side. He feels every inch of his own weakness, to even allow an attempt like this. To allow Sherlock to try and save him, when it is a risk that he chose to carry himself.
The scent makes his stomach uncurl slowly. It’s Mycroft.
Mycroft tilts his head. “Thank you, but I am looking forward to being at home.”
John sees his hesitation, and offers, “You want to bite me again?”
Mike tells Janine, “As your reward, you will be able to decide who works with which canvas tomorrow.” She smiles speculatively, and Mike continues, “For now, we’re going back to the hotel so we’re well-rested tomorrow for our next challenge.”
John seems ashamed, for a moment. “Look, it just happened. It’s been…” John sighs and rubs his hand over his face. “Weird.”
here, and he’s close to blowing it all up. Purposely.
John finishes his tea, and then finds a halfway decent shirt to put on so he can go meet them. He texts, “On my way! J”
“Sherlock, you did me an immense…”
Sherlock looks away.
John gets more used to taking care of him. Often, they bathe him together now. John makes the bottles and hands them to Sherlock to feed him. Sherlock always feels a warm happiness when he does. It’s what he never knew he wanted to have, this. It’s wonderful.
“I could, yes.” Mycroft tilts his head. “But he acted responsibly in handing Violet over.” He seems in doubt about what to do. “If he wants some privacy perhaps we should give it to him?”
“So you go to crime scenes?”
John raises his eyebrows at him,
“You have a headache.” Sherlock can deduce it easily because he has one himself, although probably lighter than John’s, judging by the amount John drank last night.
When he goes to pick Violet up, Sherlock’s eyes travel over him with the question there, already. Mycroft says, “I do not know yet, Sherlock.” But he is aware that he is going to have to tell him.
Mycroft glances at the baby monitor. “Yes.”
John can feel the thought of that tickle him.
John gives up on the thought of doing anything of the sort, and just falls down into his chair. Sherlock speaks from behind his pillow, “Headache.”
John is here, in Baker Street. Sherlock can hear the creak of John getting out of bed in the morning, and the rumble of his footsteps on the stairs. He can see John’s bare feet on the floor, his toes lazily curling and uncurling as he reads the paper. John cooks, the scents drifting through the air, and Sherlock catches a glimpse of John’s back as he stands in the kitchen.
Sherlock looks up and says, “He’s good at it.”
They decide on the wedding date.
Sherlock breathes, and whispers, “
But there’s a hesitation to it. John’s got an idea what it is. He’s never met anyone who loves being fucked that much and yet never explicitly asks for it. “You’d rather sit up?”
John sits down in the seat opposite Mycroft’s. Mycroft says, “I hope it will be to your taste,” and lifts the cover to his own plate. It’s a salad with some beans and strips of chicken. Much healthier than John would imagine for him, but then he’s pregnant.
“Morning!” Molly walks in as well. She has her purple streaked hair twisted up into a tight bun today. She’s in a low-cut dress too, more revealing that John’s ever seen her – it shows off her horror-themed black and grey chest piece. “Exciting, right? I’m always so curious to hear what the challenge will be.”
Sherlock walks fast, and holds Violet against his chest. He lets the road move under his legs, and faces the wind. He walks, and walks.
John says, “Yes. I’ll say it all day if I need to - I do.”
. That John can’t leave and have anyone else, ever. That he
That’s why John goes back to Montague Street. That’s why he sits on that damn bench by Bloomsbury Square every single day for weeks, because John wants to see him. Just once from afar would be enough to know that he survived. That John didn’t leave him to overdose surrounded by condoms and splattered in come.
He feels his mobile buzz in his pocket, and takes it out immediately.
Something is still wrong with John. Sherlock can tell.
They’re all back in the studio by ten the next morning.
Mycroft allows her to undress again completely, then he takes her down to breakfast not wearing a scrap of clothing. He gives her food to eat while he makes a bottle for a prattling William, feeling rather as if he might have lost his mind. But Violet is remarkably well behaved. Usually she would be throwing her spoon on the floor by now just to wind him up, but now she is eating while talking animatedly to William. Of course she is entirely naked, but Mycroft tries to look on the bright side.
The contestants all line up obediently. Sherlock stands at the very end - clearly this will be a challenge in teams of two, and they will need to use the markers to draw onto the cars. It seems rather tedious. Sherlock would much prefer a challenge that is geared towards tattooing. But he knew this was a possibility when he agreed to compete.
. Mycroft gasps, and John says, “That’s good…”
Of course that argument was about much more than just Violet. It was about John not getting it, any of it. Sherlock. Why on earth he acted like that. But he gets it now, John thinks, looking at him. John’s surprised he’s asking, really, he assumed in a vague way that that would be the case anyway, but yeah. “All right. Good, that’s fine by me.”
Sherlock, as he looks at them, thinks that he understands the feeling. A person showing that they want you in return is astonishing, for the few times John has done it to him.
She thinks that they’re going to get busy in there together. John realises it at the same moment Sherlock does, and they share a look - shock, amusement - but don’t say anything. It’s a tiny cubicle with a chair and some magazines. A discreet sink, and a box of tissues. They both stand by the door.
It was the only thing that Mary could keep down first thing in the morning for weeks.
John grins. “I emailed them and asked whether they wanted to come.”
is the mirror, John?” Then John’s low-pitched answer.
He walks up to the park carefully. The snow was falling for most of the night and the top layer is fresh, but there might be icy patches underneath. Mycroft is aware that the cold won’t do his back any favours. But to his surprise, he does somewhat enjoy the sound of the snow crunching under his shoes, the cold air, and the oddly tinted grey brightness of the sky. It looks like it might snow again.
Actually, thinking of Violet, John’s not sure about ringing the doorbell. He might wake her. He takes his phone and calls Mycroft instead.
Which would sound bizarre coming from Sherlock, if it wasn’t for Sherlock planning a wedding before. The memory of that still stings - the wedding venue, the waltz.
Time glides through his hands. The client doesn’t sit well, he jerks away from the needle when it hurts and moves around more than Sherlock would want him to. He’s annoyed by it - it breaks his focus.
“Yes.” John looks at Mycroft, and grins. “I figured it out, what, weeks ago?” He seems proud of himself.
“What, in thinking it could work?”
Or, ‘Come in here?’ But this is already a good thing - John’s curious where this will go, getting off while talking to Sherlock. Once in a lifetime opportunity here. Plus, he doesn’t have to think of exactly why he’s doing this. So he says, “I suppose I would imagine another person there with me?”
They take her to a fair and let her fish for plastic ducks. They buy candy floss that Violet tries but dislikes, so John has to eat it all. They take her on the Ferris Wheel, sit her between them, and John takes his hand, shrugs, and says, “Well, it’s kind of romantic, isn’t it, a Ferris Wheel?”
– the woman? John is jealous, still.
“Inner thighs or buttocks?”
Janine simply eyes him calculatingly. She’d be glad if he were to leave, Sherlock thinks. One step closer to winning. It would make her day.
He does not know why that is at all relevant. Or a revelation - after all, he did know that there was a large chance that this child would be a beta.
Mycroft is still eyeing them with well-hidden satisfaction. Sherlock can hear it in his voice, too, “There are much more important things in life than that, John.”
her, not…” It’s not like he’d sleep with her again, is it? Actually, John didn’t even think of that. He’s not interested in her at all anymore.
“No, that’s...” John moves. “Thanks, for letting me.”
“Sher-beard?” John asks, sounding amused.
Not touching that. Jesus.”
Mycroft forces a polite smile, and says, “No, I believe one will be more than enough.”
John’s skin, tickling his tongue there and licking a circle, sometimes quickly biting. Sherlock sucked bruises into John’s tattoos, one after the other, while John quietly moaned.
She recently lost a parent to cancer, as well.
Mycroft answers, “Good night, Sherlock.” And, “Tell my daughter I will see her tomorrow.”
“An ending.”
“At her sister’s.” Sherlock looks at him. “Your nanny’s at the doctor, her son twisted an ankle.”
He turns around, and walks into the Tesco.
“FUCK, that’s not fair!” Raz seems proper gutted.
“Yes, look.”
John takes a step back immediately. Sherlock is looking at him as if the world has suddenly shifted on its axis or something, while John doesn’t... no. “I, ah.” John looks towards the door.
For all of them.
The lift pings, and John quickly hides the cigarettes in his pocket when Sherlock appears.
Sherlock takes Violet to Regent’s Park, in her wrap, still, even though she is getting a bit heavy to carry like that, it’s easier. He lets her walk once they’re there.
Sherlock frowns. He is thin, it might be impossible to tattoo an owl in its entirety there. “Show me.”
At least until he sneaks out again, anyway.
Whenever the frustration of having Sherlock that close but not
John wonders at that, before he realises, right,
He fondles his balls, and is surprised by the level of sensation from them, how roughly it runs through him.
Mycroft tries to dampen any accusation in his voice. He has nothing over John, and he certainly should not expect fidelity.
And there has been so much sacrifice, so much insanity, that Mycroft does not fight for that sliver of privacy, not anymore. What would be the point? So he sees it for the offer it is, looks at Sherlock, and says, “The appointment is at ten AM this Friday. I could stop by here at nine.”
Mycroft admits, “I am perhaps not as
“All right.” Mycroft hangs up. And then eyes Violet.
Mycroft hasn’t said a word about starting the hormone treatment again, but Sherlock can tell when he does. He can smell it.
John’s not sure if they need any sort of lead-up to this, or...
It’s with some embarrassment - John can see it in Mycroft’s face. But Mycroft also seems glad that
Sherlock’s stencil is already provided, so it is a simple case of applying it. While he does, Sherlock studies the design. The tigers are not overly complicated, and neither is the lettering, but is a sizeable design to accomplish by hand in such a short time. He lays out his bamboo stick, opens a new set of sterile needles, and pours his ink, then cautiously commences.
It’s the hormones.
Raz, in the back, yells, “Aw, I’m a vegan, man!”
. “I am.”
Sherlock looks mildly offended. “It is about finding a balance between beauty and chaos, John.”
Of course he’s rude as hell, Sherlock. He’s unpleasant and self-obsessed, but John doesn’t mind one bit. John came here for a challenge, and he is being challenged, in a million ways. He feels more alive here than he has in years.
And yes, note that
Sherlock keeps on going for a couple of strokes, and then loosens his grip. John stays like that, breathing against his chest with hot, wet breaths for the next forty-three seconds. Sherlock is counting.
Sherlock grins.
“Ha!” John laughs. “Not beat with the modesty stick, were you.”
“It’s from the book, right, the one with the farm?” Yet another classic that she’s been wanting to have read to her all the time.
And then he suddenly stills, and Sherlock’s hand is slippery, wet and hot.
Mycroft feels the warm, small weight of his child, and somehow this moment seems so shrill and real in comparison to all others these past months. He feels so unworthy to hold William. How did he not realise his fever was this severe? How did he not see it, or predict it? If he wouldn’t have heard William cry, if he wouldn’t have woken and checked... To Mycroft’s annoyance, his breath stutters.
John leans away slowly. His voice breaks when he says, “Tonight. Tonight, yeah?”
Sherlock feels distant, still. For some reason he
Mycroft is breathing shallowly. And John realises how close they are, exactly. Also, that he is basically
They all retreat to their shops along with their new supplies.
“Looking at the tattoo, it’s very busy,” Mike starts.
Mycroft, at times, still finds that he does not understand either of them. As pleasant as it is to be in Baker Street, to sit between them, to be invited as such, Mycroft feels removed from it, as well.
“Did he?” Hah! John had no idea.
Or he thought that he did. But it turns out he can’t live with that. Not anymore.
They still had moments - perfect, wonderful moments. But not a lot of them.
Mycroft does not correct him.
John hesitates. “All right. Yeah.”
After group therapy’s done, John opens his phone to Mycroft’s reply. “I do not care to know what you are insinuating, John. M”
“We were likely to lose,” Sherlock replies. He does not blame her for this. “Focus on the next challenge and how to best utilise your talents there.”
John grins, then says, “Then let me ask for one more thing.” John puts a hand on Mycroft’s neck and whispers, “Kiss me?”
“Sherlock…” Sherlock’s tattoo of London appears onto the screen.
John cleans the bathroom, dries his arms, and goes to the living room.
He is expecting to be turned down. Mycroft probably has something else to do on his one day off a week. But then again, the times that John has asked him over - usually because Mrs. Hudson’s baked a cake or something - Mycroft always says yes. Still, this is different. It’s just John himself, and they see each other all the time.
Yes, he was. Sherlock had crawled into his bed, and Mycroft made up a story about a pirate named Sher-beard who did not fight the monsters, exactly, but who was always fast and clever enough to escape with the treasure. Looking back on that, Mycroft might have borrowed rather heavily from Robin Hood. It is bizarre how well he can remember those moments from their shared childhood, while they did not mean anything specific to him at the time.
He matters in this.
“No.” It doesn’t feel like much of an admission, but Mycroft’s breath sounds surprised. Can he not fathom how defective Sherlock really is? How much he is missing? Sherlock does like it when John kisses his cheek, like he did at the doctor’s practice, because it implies ownership, familiarity, it is a gesture of meaning. But it has never made him feel anything positive.
Sherlock knows that the first thing he’d want is, “Sleep in my bed. Every night.” Is that too sentimental? Too strange, for John?
“What, are you ticklish?” John is joking, but… If he didn’t know for sure that Mycroft would say no, John might offer. He briefly thinks about it - digging his fingers into Mycroft’s arches, making him sigh with sensation.
“Sherlock, he was worried. You can’t do this.”
in the same scenario, and blanks. Then laughs a little, and tries to shake the a-bit-too-close-to-home-ness of it. “Well, he would, wouldn’t he? Say that.”
Sherlock’s eyes move over John’s face and try to commit it to memory. John’s lips. John’s
“Oh, you’re still going to have to brush up on your princess stories by the time Violet’s into those.”
Well, fuck. John nearly had it. Again. He shares a look with Sherlock. No murder story tonight, then.
He has decided not to have another child, and Sherlock’s wishes have nothing to do with that.
He doesn’t care about symbolism. Or about hidden lies, and half-truths. Tattoos need to reflect reality. They need to be painful. The needle is required to rip a person wide open and then leave behind the ink as a reminder of what they suffered.
Next time he can get his own damn milk.
John says, “You know what I wanted to do, watching you yesterday?”
They sink onto the bed together, limbs tangling, kissing lazily. Sherlock kisses John’s neck, his shoulder, the middle of his back, then a quick kiss to his ear that makes John smile.
Mycroft lifts Violet, who shouts another “Bye-bye!” and then throws herself towards John, so he can kiss her on the cheek. Violet insists on cuddling Sherlock as well before they leave.
She nods, completely professional. And then glances at him and smiles, very briefly, but genuine. “Hoping for one that sleeps through the night this time, sir?”
Sherlock can see the glaring irritation in Mycroft’s eyes. The way he’s holding himself utterly upright. This was always harder for Mycroft.
It was selfish. Naive, to think it meant anything at all. But no matter how hard he tries, he can’t make himself regret it. Not even now.
He’s pushing into that lubed-up hole, and any pain that’s psychosomatic should disappear while he’s having a brilliant fuck, shouldn’t it? It hasn’t. John pulls out a little, then thrusts in again. He’s leaning his weight forward, using his leg muscles, and it bloody hurts. The sweat’s already making his shirt stick to his lower back. He never took his jacket off. He never pushed his trousers down fully, either, so now they’re spanning between his knees.
Mycroft has never thought of the parallel, but Violet is in fact very much like both Father and Sherlock in this. She is fond of animals, plants, and being outside. It both frustrates Mycroft and, when he considers it more, settles something. Whether he acknowledges it or not, Violet is a part of all of this. These are her genes, too.
Sherlock shrugs. “I already knew it was him.” It’s not like he doesn’t know what John has been doing. Actually, the smell is intriguing. It’s raw and somewhat sweet.
Sherlock adds, “We do.”
“You will have five hours to tattoo today, and seven hours tomorrow,” Mike instructs. “You each have a canvas who has their entire back available to you. They are open to any design, in any style. The choice is entirely up to you.”
The reply is immediate, “Two to three hours. Then again tonight, if you want to.”
And Mycroft says dryly, “Congratulations, to both of you.”
“Okay?” Sherlock catches his eye.
John says, “You should bond, it’ll remind your body that he’s already pregnant and you don’t need a heat.”
“Now, for the worst tattoo of the day, we had to decide between Raz, Bainbridge...” Mike seems stern. “And Janine.”
There is drawing to be done.
He turns back to the work - they really cannot afford to linger like this, not during working hours. But he can feel the conversation settle something. Mycroft has hesitated to acknowledge his connection to Sherlock and John, but every time he does admit to it, he feels a quiet relief.
Janine inhales loudly next to him.
She startles, then smiles. “
Sherlock, however, is ready for it. He stands up, takes John’s jacket, and helps him into it. Which makes John give him a bit of a strange look, and then laugh. “All right…”
“Yes.” The word feels obvious, but still it scrapes his throat, it nearly hurts to say.
John remembers Violet’s birth, and the night they all spent in the hospital when Mycroft nearly had a miscarriage. He doesn’t remember it being like this at all though. John did care about Mycroft and his kid back then, but in some general way. He’d wanted it to be fine mainly for Sherlock’s sake. John had admired the hell out of Sherlock for even trying to bond and save Violet. To try the impossible.
