Dean can't help but look at it. Call it friendly curiosity. It is Cas’s neat handwriting scribbled down onto the page. The top reads ‘Things I like about him’ Dean is properly intrigued now.
Cas's hand was cold in his own but in their own little ball of warmth, Dean couldn't bring himself to mind. He shifted away ever so slightly as the tractor came to a stop, he touched the small ring in his pocket, slipping out from under the trench coat. His heart was racing his nerves taking over.
Cas looks back over his shoulder “You too Bobby.”
A smile grows on his face and Cas looks back at him, "What"
“Shudd’up and let me kiss you” Dean answers in response but doesn’t make a move, waiting for Cas’s confirmation. Because what if he had read this whole thing wrong.
Deep red flushed Dean’s cheeks with anger, his eyes, he was sure were twelve times their usual size, “Really Sam, real mature, you really want to start this again?” Dean grumbled scrubbing the marker with his spit licked finger, in a futile attempt to remove the markings, “Seriously jerk”
Cas shrugs in a nonchalant manner.
Everything around them right now, the people going about their day as if nothing happened, a ruse of shock. Soon enough the events will catch up with them, and Dean knows that will mean chaos.
They continue to walk down the path, the dirt squelching beneath their feet. The path narrows slightly but they still walk side beside. Cas looks at his new friend, then down to their joined hands, and then to the feather. He bites his lip in consideration.
Cas towers over his father, as he approaches. And for the first time he feels like he can finally see who his father is. That he can accept the person he is, and the callousness he’s dampened over his life since his creation, “You have always been my biggest mistake Castiel. The angel who’s had to be rewired time and time again, because you were never supposed to be in this story. The truth is you never had the right wires to begin with.” He spits in Castiel’s face, “Here you are again screwing things up, escaping the empty by just the claws end. You don’t belong here, no one needs you Castiel.”
What? Don’t judge him. He just got his heart broken into a thousand pieces and he is going to have to watch his brother with the love of his goddamn life. He thinks he is entitled to one night of getting completely smashed. Tomorrow he can get over himself. Tomorrow he can be happy for his brother and his best friend.
If possible, Cas glares even harder, with that pissy angel attitude of his.
From the window pane the bitter chill creeps in, but Dean doesn’t notice. Sliding his eyes over to his best friend. He notices him snuggle deeper into the fluffy blanket.
Jack’s wings flap. A thump. Flap. Thump. Flap. Thump. Nothing more.
“Watch” Lucifer says as twistedly cheerful as ever. Then he spins back towards her. His angel blade materializes in his hand and just as it does, he plunges it into her gut. Lights flash out of her eyes and mouth, her grace burning out. She groans in pain, before falling to the floor with a thunk.
“O-kay” Cas’s voice breaks, and they look away back to the tv. Not before Cas swears he sees pink beneath Dean’s freckled face.
“oo, touchy subject I see” Lucifer groans, pulling the bullet from his chest. Healing both his body and shirt.
Dean shifts on his feet, “Bitch”
Dean shifts on the bench seat, snorting "Sure Cas, just like that."
“So tell me Cas why do you order a new coffee everyday” Dean asked the curiosity getting the better of him. Because he just knew his idiot friends couldn’t be right.
Thump
For a moment Cas didn't notice looking out to where they parked the impala. Dean got down on one knee holding the small ring between his fingers, clearing his throat to get Cas's attention.
“Right” Cas grumbles in realization looking around the room, in Dean’s parent's house, with his family all right downstairs.
Dean shakes his head, not looking at Cas, “I just – why?”
John just watches perplexed, “Son I-“
Then the dog jumps off running out the door. Dean’s shoulders begin to shake when he’s gone but no tears drop from his eyes – he’s managed to make someone else leave him.
Sam clears his throat. Dean wants to apologize but he doesn't, it isn't in him tonight. No wonder Cas likes Sam he isn't emotional ticking time bomb. He is clearly the better man.
Dean watches the gummy smile that rests on his face, illuminated by a rainbow of colors from the tree.
Good Dean thinks, he desperately needs to gank something. Sam went on explaining the case, before Cas made a joke about it with his dead pan humor. That most likely wasn’t intended to be humor, but would normally make Dean throw his head back in laughter. This time however, he can't even bring himself to laugh as he watches Sam’s eyes crinkle in delight. Just how Cas described them. The list is about Sam.
Dean explains how they used Michael, when they realized he wouldn’t stand for Lucifer being God’s favorite. How they fed him this false narrative that Sam could read the God book that there was a spell in it. Knowing the first thing Michael would do is go squealing to daddy. To be the shining star favorite again.
Dean looked down just now noticing the scrawling beneath it all that said Cas. His face flushed a deep shade of scarlet again, this time from something other than anger. Dean read it again just to make sure his eyes weren’t betraying him, then the sweet nothings. Cas did this. Cas the former billion-year-old hardly understands  pop culture references angel did this. Cas the doesn’t understand the concept of pranks did this. Why? It couldn’t be because… this had to be a misunderstanding. He wouldn’t feel like that? He isn’t g- the ‘I am utterly indifferent to sexual orientation’ former angel. Maybe he did understand but why now, how could? No Cas didn’t look at him like that. Dean was happy to leave his feelings shoved in the dark corner of his mind repressed for the rest of his life just like the other ten plus years he’d known the sex-haired man. Because no just no. Dean is to far gone for some like Cas.
“Here” Dean says, pushing a present into Cas’s hands once he runs out. Unlike Mary’s pristine wrapping, this one is much sloppier. Tape sticking around, pieces folded the wrong way, and even the corner of the gift sticking from the wrapping paper, “this is for you.”
He has to remind himself that it isn’t because Cas is gone, just hurt, not gone.
Cas said it with a sound of defeat, and self-scolding in his words. But all Dean heard was “Feelings? Lo-ve?” Dean pushed back, holding Cas’s face in between his hands the stubble rubbing lightly beneath his skin. Eyes searching for a joke or lie or anything.
“You were tired and not thinking straight” Dean defends. Tightening his grip on Cas’s hand, “Take it back”
The two smiled at each other, lost in each other’s eyes for a long moment. Some how even sappier than before.
I think my eyes tried to tell you, with those longing stares. Or how I couldn't stop them from glancing at your lips. I think I tried to show you when I hugged you tighter than I ever hugged anyone. Or when I clasped your shoulder.
An affectionate smile crosses Cas's face, at how simple, how good the interaction feels. Talking to Dean's mother, as if Dean is actually his boyfriend. There is a sort of longing in his chest that he hasn't felt before. Something he's sure won't go away now that he's had it.
The tires of the impala screech on the road as Dean rounds the corner with a sharp turn of the wheel. Jack listing directions every so often over Dean’s driving playlist blaring in the car. Just another day at the office.
Dean accentuate his name. Tucking a piece of hair behind Cas’s ear. He never broke eye contact, just staring into those blue eyes. Eyes that held so many oceans of depth within them. Depth that he would swim in with Cas for as long as he would let him.
“Stop” Cas halts Dean from their leisurely stroll, he giggles flopping down into the freshly fallen snow. Extending a hand up to Dean with a giggle “I want to be a real angel. Join me?”
“Goodnight” Cas whispered just before he left the room. His fingers trailing on the doorframe as he left.
Cas gaped "I - can- Chuck... and I have to"
Yes he’s pathetic, he knows it. Always calling or texting Cas when he’s not doing well because he knows it’ll make him smile.
Cas let’s out a small gasp of surprise before he’s kissing back. Their lips glide smoothly against each other. Dean laps his way into Cas’s sugar sweet mouth, noisily. It feels as though the circuits in Cas’s brain are bursting. He remembers kissing Meg and even April but neither felt like this. He isn’t even sure how this could be real. His fingers tighten around the rough texture of Dean’s jacket. He suddenly becomes aware just how intoxicating the slick of the hunter’s lips are.
He puts his hands on his hips “You see that now, right?”
Cas snaps his eyes up. A look that Dean can’t read, but it’s almost like he’s trying to find if there is any truth to his confession.
Taking a sort of black stick Cas tugged at his under eye. Smudge places with his finger. The whole while the process was interrupted with uncontrollable kisses.
A small gasp escapes Cas at his words. He knows just how important Mary was to Dean. How high of a pedestal Dean placed John and Mary’s relationship on. What it meant for Dean to call him his Mary.
He almost drank himself to death because he is upset with Cas liking him. And now here he is invading Dean’s personal space.
Cas watches as Dean spins Melissa his heart swelling as it does every time he sees the two people he loves the most happy. Dean plops her onto his hip, and she looks up at her other dad, through thick eyelashes, her green eyes sparkling.
“So,” A voice echo’s from behind them, deep and with a sad note to it.
Dean raked a hair through his hair, casting his eyes to the ground “yes” he barely mumbled it.
Cas’s eyes were perfectly smoked out. From dark blue to black. He had drawn blue feathers out from the edges of his eye to his hair line, spilling from his eyebrows down to his cheek bones. Cheek bones which stood sharp, with his cheeks hallowed out by the makeup.
Just as it begun, Dean is pulling away his eyes wide and apologetic. Like he didn’t mean to act, “Sorry I-“
Shifting back and forth on his feet Dean waited.
“I’ll be right back” she says jostle the small boy on her hip, “Hey Donna will you hold Owen for me as I run to the car.”
Dean started working on the engine, Cas admiring him as he worked, glaring at girls that walked past. Little to Dean’s knowledge.
"I know" Mary sighs with a sympathetic frown "but I still feel as though I should apologize. John will come around."
Dean circles him “So the kids. The two that you grabbed a couple nights ago” Dean spits bring his head down to the monsters ear speaking into it  “where are they?”
There’s a clear judgmental hint to his words as if he already knows what is going to happen.
Cas swayed his hips to the music, hanging up his feathery costume. It was unique, one of a kind he had specially made from an online friend who was into fashion. If this was the only time he got to truly show off the thing he loves to do then he wanted it to be perfect. It was really. Cas had always loved birds. How free they are, with the wind beneath their wings. Sure they have to fight against the wind, and migrate for the winter; but they are also free. That was something Cas had longed for as a child, and for one night he finally got it.
The bracelet snaps around Cas's wrist with a small clink. Falling perfectly on his wrist, not too small or too big, just perfect. Cas jingles it around admiring it warmly, holding the little charm lightly between his fingertips.
Dean nearly jumps out of his seat when the waiter comes along, with his dad and uncle ambling in tow. Cursing he rubs his hand over the knee where he banged it into the table.
”No that’s n-of course y-you ca-“ Dean stuttered out, looking towards Cas. He saw a small smirk on the side of his face. He was enjoying Dean’s flustering pain.
Sam stops coming to me, stops trying to make me stop the habit. Stops trying to make me eat, make me leave my bed. He's given up, and I feel bad because his brother is gone.
Chirps rose from in the rusted white bird cage hanging beside the small bedroom window. Castiel watches the small creature offering it a drop of water on his tiny fingertip. The sunlight falls over it’s pastel blue feathers making them look even more ruffled than before. The fragile blue bird accepts the water from his finger pecking at the seeds below it.
Chuck’s eyes flicker back and forth. All the dots connecting right in front of him, answering his confusion. He looks at them with awe because they beat him at his own game. Unexpectedly he begins to chuckle, pointing to the ground tapping it with his index finger, “This… This is why you’re my favorites.” Cas looks around in confusion, only to be met with the same looks back “For once I don’t know what happens next. Is this where you kill me?”
"Without a doubt, Destiel is the best ship name for you and Castiel." John states entering the kitchen. The tension in the air turns palpable. Even the Christmas music feels drowned out by it.
“It was nice to meet you Cas” Bobby calls after Cas practically races up the stairs, towards the door that has Dean’s name on it.
Dean slipped the ring on his finger. wrapping one hand around Cas’s neck and the other around his back, with Cas’s on his face. He kissed him with a long loving kiss, maybe the best kiss they’ve ever had. He could feel the cold metal band against his cheek. Around them, little aw’s and clapping came but they didn’t notice that either. All they knew was the taste of cotton candy and pie.
Cas gasps. Plan B.
“Of course” Cas says giving him a small kiss.
All this time he hadn’t realized he has been playing third wheel to the two of them. The way Cas kept eyeing him throughout the night clearly wanting to have some alone time with the other Winchester.
"Seriously though I want to talk to you about something" Dean says dropping his happy demeanor, "I wanted to apologize for dragging you into this whole mess with my family, and my dad. The way he's treated you, and everything you've had to deal with being my 'boyfriend'. I didn't intend this."
He opens his palm the bird sits there a moment, taking one last look at Castiel before, spreading it wings. It falters in the air for a brief moment before soaring above the trees. Letting out happy chirps. His eyes trail the bird with a proud smile on his face until it disappears into the evening sky. When she does, he falls to his knees. Clutching the small blue feather, she left behind. His head falls to his chest and sobs rack through his small body.
Cas draws his eyebrows together in confusion before Dean chucks it at him, “maybe I have”
All the anger disappears from Cas in an instant as takes Dean’s face in his hands, “Dean you are one of the most intelligent men I have ever met. You may not have gone to college like your brother but that doesn’t mean you aren’t smart. You solve cases everyday Dean. You care about people and show them kindness. Helping people and saving them. You Dean Winchester are so much more than a grunt, and you are not a killer. I know you Dean, more than I have ever known anyone in my entire existence. Your soul burns brighter than any soul I have ever seen. You are worthy, if anyone should be at question for their worthiness it should be me. So yes my list is about you, and everything in it is true. Everything I love about you.”
In its place, he fixes things he can. One night when he’s just staring at the walls - his blank walls. The bubbles of paint near the top and the chipping down at the base.
This time it was perfect, because they both knew where they stood. Cas smiled into the kiss, overwhelmed with happiness.
He tossed the thing over his head.
The two had begun to drift apart. Though they both still met on the weekends, they didn’t talk much over the week and had even missed a few of their usual meet ups.
“I know Dean I remember” Cas sighed “but look where you are you are about to graduate with a degree in computer science and your parents can suck it. Plus remember what I told you back then, I believe in you.”
Cas pulls Dean into his arms as Dean crumbles against him. Stroking his hair. The tinsel and bulbs pressing between them, yet it is somehow is where Dean belongs.
“Quit it John” Bobby roared, the other diners snapping their heads towards the table. It wasn’t often you saw bobby mad, gruff? Sure. But mad, “That boy ain’t broken, he ain’t ruined. He is strong, and confident, and he has this man beside him who loves and supports him. I couldn’t be prouder of the man he has grown into and become. If you can’t see that if you can’t accept him or support him for who he is and who he loves. Then maybe you are the one who is broken John. Not him.”
Jack shrugs, with a sheepish smile something he clearly got from the Winchesters, “Side-effect of killing the shadow. It was the only thing keeping them angels and demons alike, asleep. We defeated god. I am god now. I need to help them.”
“Are you sure this is it” Sam asks giving it a skeptical once over.
Cain gave him a derisive frown taking in the boys less than threatening stature.  While Billie gave a once over, with a scowl repeated her ringleader “Feathers.”
Consequently, he just watches bracing himself, blue on green, age written on their faces. Crackling tension seizing the air between them.
A reminder I never told you.
He would never admit it though, because what if he ruined what he already has.
Anticipation builds in his chest along with hope. Theses could all be Dean. Just the thought that Cas could like him has his head spinning fuzzy with joy.
In front of him Cas squeezes the frosting bag in his hand, a large glob falling into the cookie he was working on. Clearly startled, but then he seems get it and he tips back into Dean. Then pushes it further leaning his head back placing a kiss on Dean’s jaw, “Merry Christmas love”
“Alright I can go!” Cas beams.
Once getting their food Dean began to stew. Seeing Cas watch Sam eat. How they smiled and laughed with each other.
"What" Dean swallowed his face guarded, something Cas hadn't seen since Dean's mother died and his father left. He ran his tongue over the front of his teeth, his voice riddled with anger and pain "I'm the problem? I have done nothing but try to be here for you, to be your friend. Hell even to be your family - I thought-"
“I am, and don’t call me that” Castiel stood his ground defiantly, though his bottom lip was wobbling, and tears had begun to form in his eyes.
Michael looks up at them, “That’s one of Death’s books.”
Cas searched his face as if looking for any lapse of judgement, or anything that proved contradictory to what Dean was saying.
“Profound” Chuck mocks flinging him back once again. His body falls first landing stiffly onto the ground, then his head delivers the final blow cracking against a rock when it hits. When he opens his eyes, he sees two Dean’s that slowly morph back into just one storming towards God with rage.
It was always lonely in Cas’s house, despite it’s large size, and the influx of people roaming in and out of it there to either see one of his brothers or his sister. The door to their parents’ old room was always closed off, and their father didn’t visit anymore he just sent money, and letters. Everything that needed to be done in town he came and did but never once stopping by the house.
Bobby seems to get the memo and drops the matter. The two sit on the front porch talking for hours or maybe days, heaven works differently. Talking about everything, Cas’s retelling tales of the Winchesters and Jack, some of the things he’s missed. Till Cas has to get back working.
“This is Betty. Betty say, hi to the boys.” Lucifer says smugly directing his attention to Betty, she groans, her voice muffled by the cloth.
“Goodbye Dean” Cas’s voice shatters the tension, as he pushes Dean away.
Dean could practically feel Cas’s head tilt through the phone as he flushed.
Sam blushes, intertwining their fingers. Cas has the urge to do the same with Dean, but staves it off feeling as if it is not his place, “Well that’s true”
Cas presses another soft kiss to Dean’s lips, “We will make it through this”
His voice is loud with desperation now as it reverberates off of the walls “You almost died – your still – you’re dying an-and you still healed me! Cas, you can’t keep doing this for me… I-“
Dean frowns looking at a couple standing under a mistletoe, lips locked. Instead of dwelling on it he takes a sip of the drink, "Yeah we are"
He clutches his stomach, letting out a strangled gasp. Dropping the book back in it’s original place as if he is Lucifer touching the bible.
Cas watched as Dean went, till he closed the door.
Dean looked down at his plain – scratch that not so plain cast. The top portion was filled with little hearts the top ones were lopsided and messy but as they went down, they became more symmetric. There were a few little flowers among the hearts as well, and in the very center, read ‘bee my valentine’ with a little bee beside it. There were a few notes below it that were, practically sweet nothings. ‘Your freckles remind me of a thousand constellations in the sky’ and ‘eyes the color of jade the summers light’.
“No” Cas pushes back Dean’s hand, “I knew what I was doing. I would rather live a handful of years as a human, grow old with you and die. Follow you to heaven. Than, spend a million more watching you die and living on without you as an angel. In whatever way you’ll have me.”
Dean looks at the book and then back again.
“You don’t deserve to keep letting them treat you like you nothing. Like you aren’t even human. Just like Bobby always tells me family don’t end in blood. Stay let us be your family, let me.” Dean smiles looking down at his angel, well not that Cas would ever know. After all he only calls him angel in his head.
Dean understood perfectly well what Cas had gone through. Cas had texted him every year about the Novak family Christmas or as he called it the gang up on the poor gay angel day.
“No” Michael defends, stepping back with a shame-filled expression “It was a lapse of judgment. I admit-“
“Naomi” Cas grumbled referring to his mother. Though he lifted his head if only to take a sip of his coffee “she ‘can’t wait’ for me to show up apparently she has ‘someone’ to ‘introduce’ me to for Christmas” He continued throwing slightly wrong finger quotes in his speaking.
Dean pads lightly down the halls of the bunker in the late hours of the night, cautious to not make a sound. To not break this upending silence that holds back everything that’s happened. The yellow caged lights flicker along the walls, dimly lighting his path.
Cas sighs looking to Dean who is looking back and forth between him and his father. The fear ricocheting inside of him keeping his mouth sewn shut.
Before Michael has a chance to defend himself, or Chuck, Jack surmises, a woman clears her throat, “Asshats”
Still, they explain their survival to him, why Chuck let them go. The cruelty of his actions which brings forth a bitter chuckle from the arch angel. Dean wants to ask about the empty if he knew anything of it or what happened, but he decides against it. Instead asking about the books they found left open on the pews.
Somehow Dean would know he always knew these things. Cas couldn't let Dean know what if Dean didn't like it, what if it ruined their friendship? He knew he shouldn't think these things because you shouldn't let someone into your life if they don't want to stay because of who you are. Still Cas couldn't help it. He doesn't want to screw things up.
“No pro-” Dean started before being cut off by a random girl.
Cas rolls around coming to a stand after a few more moments of watching. He shuffles into the tiny kitchen area, which just consists of a fridge and a microwave. The cold linoleum floor seeping through the fuzzy bee socks Dean got him for his birthday.
"You should not be the one apologizing, and I am not the one who deserves an apology," Cas states simply, going back to work on the sprinkling. If it had been anything else, Cas would have accepted the apology and moved on but Dean deserved better than that. Real boyfriend or fake.
Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.  That is what everyone says anyway, but what if your love was never returned is it still better to have loved, and to be in love. I can't tell anymore.
“Winded” Michael nods tiredly, and Dean opens the fridge door, “I haven’t had a battle like that in many centuries.”
“You are welcome Cas and Dean it’s Sam, not Sammy” Sam corrects, throwing him a bitch face, “by the way thanks for the books, didn’t know you knew who Fitzgerald was.”
“As a lover” Castiel noted wistfully.
It felt as though every moment had led them to this one kiss. In this perfect moment. Hands tangled up in each other’s hair, passion sparking between them.
“Cas” Dean’s voice cracks. Sam steps away, as Cas storms towards him. Dean reaches out a hand touching it on his bicep.
When they fall apart it feels as if it has been years in that single moment, just them and their kisses in the middle of rain in the pouring rain.
The low hum of Carry on my Wayward Son plays from the stereo. Sam sits beside him thrumming one hand on his knee, the other texting Eileen with a smile. Dean doesn’t want to shy away from their happiness anymore. For the first time he can truly enjoy his brother being in love.
"Boys, Dean, Cas" Dean hears a hushed voice, small hands shaking at their shoulders. He blinks against the darkness, only illuminated by small colorful lights.
He doesn’t know what compelled him to ask. Maybe it was that for once when Dean asked Cas to stay he did.
Cas frowned, “You don’t get to decided that Dean. I love you and I want you and only you for as long as you’ll have me.”
The only thing I can do is leave though, because even though it will break my heart, at least it won't be broken every time I see the way you look at her.
Cas shakes his head, his arms still resting on Dean’s hip, wrapped lightly around him.
The title is framed by two hearts on either side. Such an odd thing from an angel, something so juvenile and so entirely human. Dean stops to wonder if he copied the move from a movie he had watched during his time on earth. Probably.
“Listen Dean I just – Chuck is gone we are free. I know your best frien- um C- is gone but-“ Sam stumbles over his words, careful not to rage Dean, but he can’t even hear him. Not over the anger and pain thrumming in his eardrums.
Raising an eyebrow to Cas he bumps his shoulder “My Cas is a little baker, who’d a thought”
Though it isn't right to invade Cas’s privacy. Dean can't seem to stop himself from reading the list.
“I love you, Dean Winchester,” Castiel said once they pulled apart, brushing away the single tear that fell from Dean’s eye.
Dean is not smart; he only has brawns not brains. He’s not compassionate, he’s an asshole. Maybe he has changed Castiel, but probably not. How could he? He’s not the poster boy for humanity, he’s just a killer. Not much better than the monsters he hunts. How could someone like him change an angel of the lord like Cas?
This is it Dean thinks make or break, “actually”
“Would you want him to?” Dean snaps harshly back.
“Yeah. Looks like Chuck didn’t get everything,” Dean raises the dog as he speaks, gaining the attention of both Castiel, and the Nephilim inside the shop, “Maybe he missed some people too.”
“Yes, I am because I was scared. Cas I was scared that my true happiness was something I could never have either. That even after everything, I didn’t think it could be real. That we could have this, so it was easier for me to say nothing. But then you left, and I realized it doesn’t matter if we only get a few more seconds or seventy more years. As long as you know, and as long as I get to tell you. I love you Castiel.”
Dean took the two sweaters she was holding out, nudging Cas up, "Thanks mom"
"What?" Sam sputters, "What do you mean you aren't together, do you alway kiss your best friends"
Dean stops pacing and looks at Cas, whose faced his direction toying with the belt of his trench coat, “I – I can fix this. Jack can pull the grace back out of me. You can be an angel again. I promise.”
Suddenly the vampire is very willing to talk. Explaining who they are and the reason they do what they do. Snagging a few children every few years. As a sort of harvest, raising them up and draining them. His infamous quote “we don’t do fast food”. He even gives the location of the children and Dean deliver a clean slice to his neck. His skull goes rolling to the ground, like a bowling ball.
The conversations around them die down, but Dean can feel Sam's presence, as if he's ready to get up in an instant. Dean and Cas just look at John with weighted weary expressions. Neither one speaks.
“Yes, you do Dean” Sam deadpans, fed up with walking around acting like he doesn’t know what is going on right in front of his eyes, “Look at yourself Dean you’re a wreck. You have been ever since he left, even when Charlie visited, she only managed to make you leave your room for a few hours.”
Other Dean agreed. "Okay." They both smiled and walked towards Other Dean's room.
"Good morning, Jack." Castiel greeted with a smile.
"Right." Dean glared at Other Dean. "Well, I guess it's time to turn in. Claire and Kaia are gonna catch some Z's too before hitting the road."
______
"You like my gift?" Dean mumbled into Cas'ear. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's neck and leaned back.
Dean was chugging a beer, his hand on the counter supporting his weight as he leaned back to drink. Sam smiled and shook his head. At the sound of Sam's footsteps, Dean turned around. "Hey."
"How did Balthazar react?" Sam asked, ignoring Dean.
Sam pursed his lips, his eyes tore away for a moment in consideration before he fixed his posture and locked eyes with his brother. "When I was in college, before I met Jess, I had to take this physical education class. You know, since I missed a lot of days in highschool or something like that."
His eyes fell back onto his footing. No need to dwell on what he could not change. He'd look for a place to sleep tonight, that was what he would do first.
Other Dean watched Castiel with a soft gaze. In a whisper, he asked: "And was that a good thing? Switching sides?"
"Any size is fine." Castiel said quietly to which Dean lifted his gaze to give Cas the 'really?' look. Cas sighed. "I do prefer longer sizes...maybe five or six inches?"
Castiel almost glared, he did give him the bitch face which made Other Dean laugh. "Dean, I am tired. Please. Can't we continue this in the morning? The very, very, late morning?"
"And you want to stay here?" Sam clarified. He was resting his weight on the map table and had his arms crossed. He shared the same look Dean did but...more sympathetic? In a way? Like a kicked puppy, almost.
_________
"I can imagine. If my world had been destroyed.." Castiel trailed off and looked at the ceiling. "I wouldn't be able to sleep either."
"I'm not doing the running." Dean said, dead serious. Sam shook his head.
Sam's face was contorted into one of confusion, and...interest? "I just...can't imagine Cas having sex."
Castiel hummed and nodded in understanding. "I do. It's not like the real deal, but it serves it's purpose."
Dean chuckled and tugged Castiel's shirt off. He kissed his neck while he unbuckled the angel's pants. Castiel leaned his head against the door and wrapped his arms around Dean's neck. "So needy," Dean whispered into Cas' ear. "You like being hit, Angel?" He asked Cas with another slap to his now naked ass.
Dean entered the beauty store, the same one Lisa dragged him to all the time. Dean knew just what he was looking for. It was the palette he always seemed to marvel over while Lisa shopped. Although Cas might not tell Dean, he knew he would love it, somewhere in the secret quite he would say thank you.
"ugh" he groans, pulling his book from his duffle. A story of how an angel rebelled and fell for the righteous man, saving him from hell, and in turn the righteous man rose and taught him about humanity and free will. Slowly falling in love himself. A man who didn't believe in angels until he fell in love with one.
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that. He suspects there’s nothing to say, Cas just needs him to be there.
Dean's eyes flick down, shaking away his finger.
Dean knows what is coming and he can’t bare it.
He pauses retracting his hand, and hopping out of the room. His fluffy green socks sliding across the wood floor to his room.
"Ellen" Dean exclaims but returns the hug.
Little does he know how wrong he is, but Jack can’t give that away now not while their so close. He closes his eyes suppressing the urge to attack the man who gave him nothing but life and a whole lot of baggage. He sets his face staring directly at him with nothing but anger.
Dean huffs tossing the star back into the trunk with a childlike frown. Then grabs his machete and slams the trunk lid. Following Sam silently to the barn.
Michael goes on to explain his story of “when the rapture came” as he quoted it, how he took refuge in this church. St. Michaels. Not drawing attention to himself with his powers after choosing their side. Sure, that Chuck would condemn him for it. As he did the rest of the world.
Dean quirked his eyebrow. Sliding over a cup of steaming coffee to Cas, he rests his elbows against the far end of the counter “what’s up sunshine”
Dean steps into Cas’s room bobbing his head to the classic rock music coming from his Walkman. Everything has been calm lately, in the hunting department that is.
Almost immediately those blue eyes pop open with panic "Don't you dare touch my honey"
“Save it” Chuck’s voice booms inhumanly. His arms thrusted out in front of him, his power flaring in his eyes.
No matter where he goes, he will remember Dean, they will be under the same moon, on the same earth, under the same sun. That's enough for him.
Dean pressed a kiss on the top of Cas’s head “Cas, babe, you are beautiful. Your makeup is beautiful.”
“Dean” Cas smiles holding up a hand to Dean’s chest in an attempt to quell his anger. Feeling Dean’s chest heave under his hand.
In tears Castiel begged his brother to let him keep it; with reluctance Gabriel  agreed. If only for the sake of the boy who was already facing so much in his short life. Castiel immediately took the bird into his own care. His mother smiled warmly when she saw it. She always loved blue birds. She had Castiel’s father set up the cage in her room. Guiding Castiel as he raised the bird back to health. He wasn’t sure how she knew how to care for the bird, but he didn’t question it.
Dean chuckles “I know”
It is nearing nighttime, and the four of them have been cramped in the stuffy impala, riding on unease and hopelessness. As they make their way back to the bunker. When they get out to, grab supplies at a still unlocked Gas-and-sip on the way. The idiot ‘saviors of the world’ devised a plan to give Chuck what he wants. To accept their roles. Kill each other. Finishing the story ‘God’ wanted for them, saving the rest of the world. Returning it to the way it once was.
“Cas” Jack interrupts, walking towards the angel, “What happened to you? Are you okay?”
Inside there is a smell of sodden hay and mud blowing up from the dirt. Into the dust in the  air much like stepping onto the Kansas cow lands.
In fields where they lay keeping their sheep
"I know" Cas replies solemnly, he wanted it too, but with Dean. Of course, that was never going to happen Dean didn't reciprocate his feelings, "You never told me why you and Benny broke up anyways"
What's the point anymore?
Castiel nods with a proud swell in his chest at his son, but with a worried expression, “The shadow it-it took my grace. I’m human now. I can’t help you.”
"Sorry Ellen" Cas studied the black and white tiles of the kitchen floor, "We just wanted..."
“Sam don’t” Dean quietly tries cutting his little brother off, reaching his free hand over to touch his brother’s arm.
His tongue running against the other man’s teeth. Tangling up in each other’s mouths in the best way possible. Tongue, teeth, lips, and passion.
Castiel follows, Dean, and Michael into the bunker when they return. He tried to argue that it was unwise to trust the Archangel, but no one would hear it. Claiming he was their best bet, and Dean gave him that look like he knew something Castiel didn’t. So, the angel shut up about it, waiting for his explanation.
Expecting Cas to shrink a bit more at his teasing he would stop soon. Instead, Cas looked up his eyes turning into slits his entire face on fire ”and so what if I am jealous”
“She’s just adorable isn’t she” Mary says.
But he always returns.
"Dean" Cas spoke tensely, he wouldn't say he is John's number one fan. The sentiment however he was sure was returned. Dean looked away from John, the strained expression on his face lessening. Cas frowned at the way his forest eyes turned into a plodded kind of dull green. Their shoulders brushed as Cas came to Dean's side, and Dean flinched. Which only proved to make Cas angrier.
Taking a deep breath Dean gathered his courage untangling himself from his boyfriend. With another chaste kiss on the lips, the couple stepped out of Baby, as Dean calls his 1967 Chevy Impala.
Cas smiled to himself jumping to the ground "Sure"
The inside of the house seems double Christmasy than the outside. Garland strung neatly over most of the shelves. A town of glass snowmen and gingerbread, decorate the buffet-style cabinet beside the door. A large Christmas tree sitting in the corner of the living room. With a large sliver skirt beneath the silver and blue decorated tree. An angel with ceramic wings sits on the top. A tad out of place but Cas knows it’s the one the Winchesters use every year.
John shook his head narrowing his eyes “no, no we can fix this. I won’t have no son of mine, with another - man” he spat out the word with venom laced on his tongue.
Dean stumbles backwards away from her, clutching his head with his hand. He feels the feather light touch of a sturdy hand – Cas’s hand - holding him upright when he stumbles back into him. Then the slow rush of grace to the throbbing that’s just barely begun forming upside his head. Just as the grace and the gentle touch came it is gone, as Cas steps back leaving Dean standing in front of the angel. Missing the warm of his touch already. He shakes his head as Sam asks, “You okay.”
He angrily chews his food.
“Mind if I join you” Michael asks, entering the library once again. Inconspicuously holding an old book, he pulled off the shelf.
“So” Lucifer rubs his hands together greedily, “I was sent here to retrieve the missing God book and use it on Chuck.”
She got another ride only after, he called and practically begged Dorothy to pick her up. They would thank him later, after all it was obvious they like each other.
But I never told you. I never told you I love you.
”Son” Bobby greets with a gruff grin, slumping down his bags. His typical old blue ball cap right where it belongs atop his head. A nodding gesture to the boy's linked hands, ”Castiel gonna be my new sorta son in law then”
Cas steps a bit closer, maybe Dean does understand maybe he feels the same. A sound barely exits his throat “Okay I won’t leave tomorrow”
Castiel blinks, his eyes opening into familiar surroundings. That static nothingness that surrounds him, like he is floating, like he is nothing all at once. Just as before, he can’t even feel his vessel, nor his tendrils of grace. There is only the pull back to endless slumber. A growing roar, alerting Castiel to the shadow’s presence and growing anger for once again being awoken.
Everything below his waist feels numb. Shivers wrack his body. He’s just so tired, he just wants to let go, “Please, I-I need you to te-ll me it’s ok – okay.”
Dean licks across his lips and it takes all of Cas’s will power not to trace the move with his eyes “how do you mean buddy”
Cas looks back up expecting rejection but instead is met with a searching gaze as if Dean is actually considering it. He continues "I mean that way we can 'stick it to your dad' as you said"
They wrapped up in each other's arms the last ones on the trailer ”I’m thinking an autumn wedding surrounded by falling leaves, cinnamon, pie...”
Cas walked in half lidded as always with a frown glued to his face. Which was unusually brighter than most mornings. Though he still missed the little exchange between the brothers, and the melt down Dean was having.
Birds can be heard chirping from a distance the first sign of life, it fills Dean with hope. He looks at the sky when a crow fly’s past, and gasps. Watching as it disappears into the distance. When he looks back down people stand all around where they once were talking, jumping, driving, eating, simply living. Dean never thought there would be a day where he was so glad to hear the streets full of life and talking. Never thought he would be happy to see a place bustling with so many people and so much life.
“Well, we we’re glad you were here,” Dean manages to choke out, though he far from means it, “Chuck’s getting desperate.”
Dean smirks pecking Cas’s lips again, “As in lovers, boyfriends, romancers, as in you can be my lover all day long baby.” Dean drawls with a long-exaggerated wink of his eye. Castiel just kisses him again floating.
“As soon as we get back though, you can bet your sweet ass I’m ravishing you until, neither of us can walk straight for at least a week.” Dean declares, pressing a last steamy kiss to Cas’s lips in promise.
Without another word, Cas stepped out of the car, walking away. He didn't know where he was going he just knew he needed to leave, and when he returned he knew Dean would be gone.
Hours could have passed, maybe even a lifetime before they pulled away, tangled up in each other. Breathing laboured. Neither of them dare to open their eyes first. Just leaning on each other letting everything go unspoken.
“I did what I did because it was the right thing to do” Michael defends himself heatedly, “Not to get his love.”
Dean had smiled and laughed. Actually, entered life amongst Sam and Eileen again for longer than a few seconds. However, Dean only chatted with her so long as until she brought up the lack of Castiel’s presence. Then he went scurrying back to his room to hide away again.
"I want to thank you Dean this is quite more enjoyable than I thought it may be. Of course I thought I'd be third wheeling much of Christmas. But this has brought me much joy" Cas admits, and Dean's heart does a painful twist. Knowing even if Benny were here Cas wouldn't be the third wheel. Dean understands it now why Benny left, there's a freedom in it Dean thinks.
"No Cas I'm not listening to those crappy Christmas love songs one more damn time." Dean grumbles shoving his Zepp tape into the radio, "You know the rules, the driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole."
The sun is setting as Castiel carries the bird out into the backyard. Clasped in his tiny fists, just barely touching it’s soft feathers. Gabriel walks delicately beside him, the complete opposite of everything he is, but Castiel appreciates it.
Cas leans back on the bench, and turns again to face Jack, “Yes so you all could save the world, and this time it worked out. We can all save the world, but Jack you have to know that I would risk myself over and over, so that you can live. Not just because I believe you can save the world but because I love and care about you. I want you to have the life you deserve and the life your mom would have wanted for you.”
Dean heaves across the floor, slamming into the wall with a bang, still in shock. He looks to Billie the malice in her eyes evident as she grips the scythe. Then back to Cas – he’s smiling as the goo reaches forwards all but consuming him. Darkness surrounds the once beloved trench coat.
Walking back to the couch Cas holds up the cookies. Watching how Dean licks his lips, and he swears he sees his pupils dilate the least little bit. Cas places the end of the mouth-watering morsel into Dean's open lips. Keeping the green one for himself.
The air around them thinned, Cas was sure at any moment his heart would burst from his chest. Without realizing it felt as if they were much closer than before. Leaning across the seats into each other’s personal space.
Cas sighs, walking up to Dean. Pausing in front of him. Dean’s heart quickens as he approaches. Dean grabs Cas’s hands, delicate to the right one that’s still wounded. He looks into his eyes again pleading, “I can fix this”
Pushing the door open carefully just enough, Dean leans against the door frame looking in. The angel is sound asleep, even his shoes and trench coat lay at the foot of the bed. Ironically enough it only makes Dean frown, cause the angel doesn’t understand basic human comfort. Always the dork tries to get on the bed fully dressed on movie nights. The blankets however are still scrunched at the bottom of the bed. The only sign confirming the angel is still alive, is the small, pained sounds that whine from his mouth every few seconds. Along with the glowing bit of blue alight inhumanly beneath his skin healing the wounds.
Sam doesn’t want to hunt now he wants a break. Dean just wants to pretend.
Ever the cynic Cas states with a low voice, “I wouldn’t count on it.”
"I don't want this to be weird, buddy" Dean sniffs, his hands placid over the dresser top that he is staring at. Though his shoulders are hunched he remains composed, as if this isn't the worst break up he's had.
Dean backs away from him a hand over his chest, mockingly. Though his cheeks are still flaming red.
Seeming to not believe his shaky ‘yeah’, Dean lifts up the blue-eyed boys pant leg to reveal a few small scrapes on his knees. Nothing a bit of Neosporin and a few cookie monster band aids won’t fix right up. It isn’t the physical pain that made Cas hurt it was the bullies, it hurt when they were mean. Everyone is mean to Cas it’s inevitable which is why he is surprised at Dean.
The intense amount of fannel he wears
"Oh really, and you allowed this mom" Dean asked with an amused tone to his voice.
“You changed me Dean”
The six-year-old can feel his chest ache, the mix of happy chirps and a steady beeping of the monitor beside the bed. She begins singing lightly to him between coughs. Drowning out everything around them. Her voice soft and melodic, just like Castiel remembers her always singing him, his brothers and sister asleep before she got sick.
“It’s perfect Dean”
“Wait I am confused what are you boys going on about” Ellen asks, piping into the conversation, she had inadvertently overheard.
“Oh” John’s eyes narrow on the boys intertwined hands, “I see.”
“Give it up guys. Just stay down.” His voice becomes ever increasingly worried as they continue getting to their feet. Broken ribs, legs, internal trauma, blood, and dirt sticking in the wounds. They still get to the feet.
They are both perfect and happy meeting eyes in the mirror. Without words they each knew they are beautiful in each other eyes. They know that this, them, they are forever.
“While you were out with Jack at the diner, me and Dean were watching you.” Sam says walking over to the shelves in the garage, as he explains. He grabs one of his new tomato plants he was planning to plant this summer off the shelf, bringing it to Jack. He holds it in front of the Nephilim, “As you used your powers, we noticed something, it seemed as if your power was feeding directly to Jack. We weren’t sure until you walked away and the plants around Jack started dying, as if he’d became some sort of power vacuum.”
“And…” he repeats point back to Betty who just as he says it, thrashes on the floor. Coming back to life, she gets to her knees breathing heavily. Still weighed down by the chains around her.
Cas fidgets with his sweats and the Zepp tee Dean let him borrow, once again. Anxiously waiting for Dean to change into his sleepwear as well. He touches his lips, remembering the kiss they shared just an hour ago. His heart fluttering in his chest. A stampede of thoughts going in his head, because it felt so real.
“oh baby” she coos wiping away his tears away with shaky frail hands, “She will fly, and she will be free. Watching over you from the sky and loving you even from afar. I love her too. But it’s because we love someone that we let them go.”
“No” Dean began to argue but he was right he would never of had the courage to admit it before “Yeah but he isn’t the reason for this sure it’s how I realized it, but dad this isn’t a choice for me. It’s not a disease that can be spread, I just got opened up to the possibility.”
Cas pulled Dean back holding him by the shoulders a fierce determination in his eyes “no Dean, you can’t just shove yourself back into the closet and hide. This is a part of who you are. No matter if they accept it or not.”
Cas gulped looking at his toned body ridden in sweat, he looked hot ”Thank you Dean”
“Castiel”  he replied “c-a-s-t-i-e-l”
Sam quirks an eyebrow but doesn't say anything about Dean's sudden willingness to do something that involves work. Instead he sign a quick 'be right back' to Eileen, and follows Dean to the dining room.
Dean chokes, he can feel it coming the silent lull of death, he has felt many times before. Vision swimming as he looks at his brother face, tear soaked and broken, protesting against it. His words slur as he speaks saying everything, he want’s Sam to know before he’s gone. How proud he is, how much he looks up to him, and love him. Sam shouts against him praying for Castiel.
After their lips part, Cas wraps his hand behind Dean’s neck as he lowers the mistletoe. Pulling them back together, this time the kiss is raw, passionate, sparks fly around them. His tongue lists against Cas’s teeth teasingly.
To which Cas squints his eyes, scanning over Dean’s body. Adonis level beauty as always. One leg tucked in the couch at a bowed angle and the other is draped precariously over the cloth clad arm, “pot, kettle my bisexual friend”
“And” Dean lies “Sam is working on that. He thinks some of the symbols are some jacked up form of Enochian, Latin too maybe. He is going to use the book of the damned to try and understand it. Figure out the… end.”
“We are not getting a cat. That's final,” Dean grunts, taking a swig of his beer.
Thoughts on Dean everybody. Tell me about this one in the comments. (No pressure guys but I love it when you tell me. It gives me nice positivity for the whole week)
"Quite a brother you got there, mine is a more of a nerd like you. Oh shit. I'm late." Dean says looking at the clock. "I gotta go, bye." He grabs his jacket before stumbling out.
Castiel gasps in horror.
Dean stretches his arm out, snapping Castiel's attention back to meet green eyes, and sending him tensing to the edge as Dean swiftly slides his hand to take the drinks off the counter, while brushing Cas' arm in the process. Cas' discomfort is visible, he stands frozen, clenching his jaw, doing his best not to look directly at Dean. "Relax princess, I'm not gonna jump on you"
Rolling his eyes, Dean scowls, "If you move out, Bobby kicks
He's with Crowley on his way to the class when Castiel's topic pops up again and Dean ends up explaining his history with Cas.
"Excuse me," says the British accent.
"Talk to me. Please," Castiel pleads, bringing Dean's hand down.
Not after a few minutes, Castiel walks out, slinging the bag on his shoulder. Exiting the library, he finds Dean waiting outside, he looked a little annoyed by the way he was treated earlier. Dean gives Castiel a dead look.
"Well, I'm not asking you to drink, just in case we both get wasted and we need someone to drive. You do know how to drive, don't you, Cas?" Dean asks.
"Why are you telling me this?" Reclining forward, Castiel asks, looking at Dean through his reading glasses.
"Yeah, he is hot," Dean says, biting his inner cheek to try to keep himself from blushing.
“His name is Mr. Sprinkles. Show him some respect,” Castiel warns, his voice as gravelly as ever.
for which he was worrying about. Alive and kicking. Dean doesn't say anything; a clever retort wouldn't be the right choice.
I know you're insufferable but I'm not there yet, Casti-el," he says cautiously.
His hands are shaking as he retreats like a warrior returning from a war, claiming his victory which was due for several years. There's only one stone left. Dean's standing in his way. "You are coming with me right now," sounding pissed, Dean states.
"You said you will open," Castiel says. It is the same thing happening all over again.
I only have one thing to say.
I can't go all commando with next few chapters, so give me some time, there are few things I've to sort out. Hang tight. I'll be back. I Promise.
Cas rarely smiles like this and Dean remains quiet the whole time, busy admiring Cas. It takes him no more than a few seconds to eventually return the smile as he watches the way Cas' eyes light up giggling, brighter than the blue sky. Cas never smiles openly like this and Dean is more than pleased to see it.
Castiel cuts her in between, thinking it's unusual for a girl to call, "Let me guess, he is drunk again," he says.
"What?"
Flipping the sandwich, Dean gives a second thought about the whole thing when Castiel enters the kitchen, going for coffee, dark bags under his eyes.
If he wastes any more time on yelling and making Dean apologize for his yesterday's behavior, he might end up missing his morning lecture. Finally, he gets up from his spot, grabbing the extra pillow from bed without even thinking twice about his actions.
PS: I really wanted to post this on Dean's birthday but something came up. So, Happy Birthday Dean and a Happy three months canon Destiel to all the Hellers.
“About what exactly, Cas?” Dean asks again, nudging his side, his normal voice coming out loud in the library's environment.
"Hello."
Hello! Beautiful people. I hope you all are doing great.
Castiel is deep asleep when some clattering from the kitchen brings him back to his senses. He searches for his phone, his head still buried in a pillow. There are some messages from his boss, Mr. Bartholomew, who would like to meet him tomorrow to discuss the current project he's been working on. He glances at the clock, it's almost seven pm, and he lets his head fall back on the pillow, staring aimlessly at the ceiling above; he can't believe he has fallen for one of Dean's silly tricks. Dean is stupid. His face his stupid. He can't let Dean fool him, he has to be strong. After laying there for a while, he finally assembles all his courage to head downstairs, promising himself to take back Dean, somehow, for embarrassing him.
"Right." Sergei laughed. "Well, Dean, Castiel was asking me to research the impregnation of angels. He believes he and this Other Dean created a nephilim." Dean and Sam both looked at Cas as if he were crazy, Cas flushed in embarrassment. "And, based on his symptoms, he may very well be."
It was cold again and darker now. His sweater was zipped up to the very top but even so he shivered. When his teeth started to involuntarily chatter, Castiel briefly thought that maybe his teeth were getting a mind of their own. We need food! -- They must have been screaming. -- Let us chew!
"Sleeping." Other Dean answered. "He said he needed beauty sleep, or something."
Castiel was already walking away when the priest spoke again. "And you can go through the church on your way out! The door is unlocked." Castiel turned and smiled, the priest smiled back before closing his door.
He returned to his and Tom's room only to find his bag gone. He felt his stomach churn. "My bag." He rasped. Tom looked up.
"Dean." Cas said sternly. "Calm down."
"Good. Delightful. Seven it is." Balthazar disappeared, Dean was sporting an angry expression and Sam was quite surprised but laughing. Castiel was in pure shock.
The move was quick. Sam had saved some cash and was able to get a down payment for a roomy apartment without having to show his credit score(which is non-existant). Eileen and Castiel helped him find a job as an assistant at a firm meanwhile he decides on whether or not he wants to go back to college. "Maybe once the baby is older." Sam reasoned with a smile at the thought of his unborn baby.
"Why do you ask?"
Night came and everyone was asleep except for Cas and Other Dean. They were playing poker. Castiel was doing his best to keep his head up.
"How did we not know this?" Dean asked, slightly offended.
"We will find a place for it." Castiel said, still glaring.
________
He knocked twice to be polite, it was late. There was a moment of silence and he briefly considered knocking again but the door opened before he could. A man, maybe in his 40s, stood there with a look of surprise.
"I can tell." He snorted. "Still want to help him?"
Waking up to the glare of the sun and shouts directed towards you isn't the best. Castiel's eyes opened slowly, he felt for his bag of goods -- still clutched between his arms. "Sir!" Someone said, he slowly sat up, his back aching. "Sir! You can't sleep here."
Castiel kicked a pebble forward to quiet his thoughts. He watched the small rock roll off the sidewalk and onto the road. It fell left. Castiel looked up and to the left. "Left it is."
The dinner had been eye-opening. Balthazar said his escape of heaven had not been an escape from Castiel. He said he had loved Castiel dearly, but he was tired of being a mindless soldier with no personality other than being in love with another angel -- which many angels thought was stupid. Leaving had hurt Balthazar too, not just Castiel. But he apologized for not telling Castiel his plan, it was unfair for him just to up and leave, as well as leave Castiel with the pain of the death of someone he cared about.
"I'm good, huh?"
"I --" Dean waved his free hand, "I'm sorry. I know you guys are talking about the rock-- stone-thingy, but can we go back to Cas and Balthazar? I mean -- WOW."
Dean pursed his lips. "Can I ask whose name you called with Balthazar?"
Castiel nodded. "Thank you." She smiled at him and the doors opened, he smiled back and waved before departing.
"Well," Dean purred with a grin. "Let's find out!"
--------
"Oh c'mon, Feathers! You gotta do better than that." Other Dean snorted.
"I know." Castiel interrupted. "He'll get over it."
Dean chuckled. "You know about lube?"
"Well, what ARE you doing up? Was I at least half correct?" Castiel asked, moving around Other Dean to open the fridge for a cup.
"Sex?" Dean tried to clarify with a knowing grin. Castiel laughed and shook his head.
So he hurried out the double doors he saw when he first came here. He had a bag of food now, but no shelter. He had seen people sleep on benches before, he could always return to the bench in front of the bar.
Watch your shit.
"I honestly don't know why you point it out anymore, Sammy."
He had walked pretty far while making these observations. It's not like he had anywhere to go, so he could be anywhere. Castiel did recognize that at some point he'd need money, food, shelter...a shower if he didn't want to smell like sweat forever -- among other things. He knew this, except he didn't know where to start. Would he look for a church again? Should he? He looked up like he had before but he saw no cross, no stars (light pollution), he saw nothing but towering buildings. He once said he was bigger than the Chrysler building. Oh, how far he had fallen.
"The Bee Movie?" Castiel asked, suddenly excited.
Both of them went stiff. Cas could feel Balthazar's heavy pants against his skin, and he could feel as the angel pulled away slowly because it got colder as he did. Castiel's eyes were wide in panic.
He chuckled to himself. It was bittersweet, the memory. He realized then he would never experience that again -- watching the beauty of humanity from the comforts of heaven.
The bathrooms were outside the gas-station and luckily he didn't need a quarter or key to get in. He could see why, though, because it was absolutely filthy. Grafitti and piss covered the walls and floors and toilet lid. The sink and mirror had been carved into with what Castiel assumed was a knife. There was no toilet paper. He groaned, he would just pee then.
Sam shot Dean a knowing look. "Cas told me you said something that embarrassed you. He wouldn't tell me what," he said when Dean looked betrayed, "he just told me he's feeling like you're avoiding him because you're embarrassed about something. Obviously he doesn't want you to avoid him, and since you won't talk to him well..." Sam lifted his arms as if to present himself. "Here's Sam."
"Understood." Sam said with a surprised and content laugh.
Okay! Fuck, that is NOT what he meant to say. Anything but that. How the hell does someone start a conversation that way?
"So what type of tests are we talking about here." Dean asked Sergei. The older man looked up from his tools and journal with a grin.
"What is it, Sam?" Cas turned his body to look at Sam who was sitting in the back seat.
He took a long swig, he let out a breath, and he set the beer down. "Yeah, it would be nice to have a little bugger running around in here."
"How wonderful life is..while you're in the world."
"Apparently, Lucifer wanted me to throw it at Michael." Castiel laughed. "He used to say I was good at throwing."
A bit short, but I wanted to update :) I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter, let me know your thoughts in the comments. I'm trying to make this as realistic as possible so if you have any tips please let me know
"Who's the call from?" Jack asked, popping a gum into his mouth.
Castiel stirred awake and met eyes with Other Dean. "Hey."
except, he hadn't really done that either.
"Of?" Castiel looked up expectantly and that made Sam lean back, cackling.
_____________
Castiel heard Sam chuckle as he let out a sigh. "Balthazar and I were good friends when we were young. We fought together, at some point we developed feelings for each other. We planned on marrying, which isn't something many angels bother doing but I wanted children. To have offspring you must go through the whole bonding process. Before we could, though, he faked his death." Dean caught Castiel rolling his eyes.
For the record, Sam was not straight either. He's open to a relationship with anyone he is attracted to in a romantic way. Guy, girl, anyone on the spectrum. He honestly couldn't believe Dean hadn't caught on.
No one came to check on him that day.
Jack waited a moment before speaking. "It would be so cool to have a little sibling." Dean looked up from the beer briefly before looking back down and opening the bottle.
"I'm exhausted, Sam."
There was easily twenty or more people in the small building. The color of the paint seemed dull, as if the life had been sucked out of it. So much for a Beacon. He was welcomed by a woman who seemed to busy to pay much attention to him, she told him that they didn't have a room available but that he could share a room with someone should he find someone who would be willing. She hurried off someplace else and left Castiel to explore.
Castiel pursed his lips and slapped Dean's finger away. "Eileen is pregnant!" He shouted.
Other Dean was okay with his room. His brother's turned out to be bigger but he assumed it was because Sammy needs more leg room. It was somewhere around 4 in the morning when Other Dean quickly stood out of bed and shuffled to the kitchen for a glass of water. He couldn't stop thinking of his dad who had held their heads, pressing their foreheads together and whispering assurrances—promises, that were never met.
Other Dean nodded, scanned the text and grabbed a book. He felt the tension rising between Cas and Dean so he decided to share. His heart was heavy and maybe if he just talked about it...
"Can we have sex?" Other Dean asked. Castiel felt fully awake now. Dean was grinding his clothed erection against Castiel's crotch and that was making Cas perk up.
Other Dean looked up at Dean and Sam angrily. "But they were wrong. It's you two. YOU two are the main bros and because we thought WE were I LOST A HUSBAND!" Other Dean sobbed. "I lost his kisses. I lost the long night talks. I lost the quickies. I lost the blow jobs. Oh god I lost him. I lost him but then I saw you," he turned to see Castiel "and I realized I still had his smile."
The next morning, Dean took a long look at his morning wood in the mirror. He felt like an idiot when he grabbed Sam's measuring tape and measured his dick. He was a little bit under six and half inches. Was that big enough? Too big? He bit his nails, what did it matter? It wasn't like Cas would want him.
"I wasn't going to tell you, but I found out the background to the joke and it's just too good not to tell!" Balthazar waved his hand and signaled for the Winchesters to get closer. Dean and Sam hurried down the stairs. "The stone," Balthazar paused, "is just a rock. Lucifer gave Castiel a rock!"
Dean took a sip of his beer with a frown. "Y'all just jealous."
"I understand, Dean." He sighed and lifted his legs up to sit criss-cross on the recliner. Dean was reminded briefly of hippie-Cas. "I suppose I jumped into that whole thing too. I just haven't been in a relationship in a while and...I miss it. I feel lonely, sometimes. You and Sam are great, and I appreciate our time together. What I mean is that I miss being with someone in a romantic manner."
Dean took a seat in front of Sam, listening.
Dean sat down across from Sergei. "Is there a way to get rid of it?" He asked quietly so Cas, Sam, and Jack wouldn't hear. Sergei looked up at Dean, surprised and intrigued.
Dean coughed quietly. "Oh."
"I love his laugh." A tear fell down his cheek. "It's the fucking sun that lights up the room. I don't give a fuck that he's a guy. Hell, I'm probably the gayest guy ever for Feathers." Other Dean laughed. "He always hated it when I called him Feathers."
"Good." Dean said with a huff. "I need my four hours. If you guys get hungry there's food in the fridge, but hands off my pie! If you need anything go to Sam, he'll be too shy to not help you."
"And all I want is to socialize a bit more." Castiel replied. To which Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean's face looked as if he had sucked on a very sour lemon. Castiel concluded that he had heard what he and Jack had said. "Claire! Kaia!" Jack said enthusiastically. He stood and ran over to them. Claire and Kaia hugged Jack and started talking to him, catching up.
Once he did find the bathroom, he had to wait about an hour until he was able to use it privately. It wasn't the best smelling, or the cleanest, but he was beginning to get used to that.
Castiel isn't lying when he tells Sam how tired he is. Other Dean made sure to have plenty "last"s. Last beach walk, last park stroll, last ice cream, last trampoline jump. Last everything. Cas tossed himself onto the couch where Sam was opening pistachios. Other Dean had gone to shower.
"And then— and then—" Dean gasped, searching for air "he said: 'plenty'!"
"Hey,"
"No...well, a bit. Yes." Castiel pinched the bridge of his nose like he had seen actors do when in conflicted discussions. "Dean is embarrased."
"Will you help me, or not?" Castiel finally snapped, to which Balthazar laughed louder.
"Here," the boy said quietly and reached over Cas to type in some numbers, "you can use my info."
Sam shook his head. "Nah, I'm good. I think I'll hit the hay. Have fun guys!" Sam stood up and bid them a goodnight. Dean shrugged and smiled at Castiel.
"Like a cowboy." Balthazar smirked. "He sure likes riding... and hard."
"This feeling inside... I'm not one of those who can,
"Tell us what we can do." Other Dean joked with a scoff. His eyes wandered to the corner of the room.
"I do." Castiel moaned and arched his back. "Take your clothes off." He ordered Dean, who obliged eagerly.
Other Dean decided to help.
"Toys?" Castiel cocked his head to the side again.
A laugh stifled past is lips and he realized that he was alone. Dean wasn't here sharing a tasteless drink and burger with Castiel. Sam wasn't here to pander Castiel with questions. Castiel couldn't even seek his fellow angels -- his, once, family. He couldn't even pray. He considered his future and what he wanted of it like most humans did in their youth and even in their later stages of life. A home would be nice, so he would need money so he would need a job. That should be his broad goal, get a job and get a home. The rest will be smaller things in the plan to check-off along the way. Like finding a bathroom.
"Y-yes! Right there! Fuck—" Castiel looked down towards where the action was happening. "Dean, I need more!" He pleaded— no, he begged.
"You can't stay here." That's what Dean had said. Dean didn't want Cas, he didn't need another thing to worry about. Right now, the way he was, Castiel was truly a burden. A "baby in a trenchcoat" except he had no trenchcoat. His chest tightened again. He felt naked. He wondered if this was how Dean felt when Castiel asked to borrow his necklace to find God? It all seems so silly now.
"It matters greatly, to him." Said a british voice, the sudden newcomer made Dean swerve and he quickly had to rebalance the car. He and Sam were panting once the car was back on track, and Castiel was glaring at Balthazar who was grinning.
"Don't worry Cas, I'm pretty sure you're better off without him. He seems like the small type-- if tou know what I mean." He winked at Cas through the mirror. Castiel chuckled and shook his head.
Dean was grateful that Jack had closed his eyes instead of looking up at Dean's damp face and teary eyes.
"They wouldn't care. Not anymore. I think that the hunt for a nephilim has ended." At that, Cas looked a little relieved.
"Won't the other angels know?" Jack said in a hushed tone. "Like you did when I was made?"
Not another word was said as Other Sam and Dean walked out the bunker. The door closed and Castiel felt sadness. He felt his heart gripped in a tight, firm hold only to be squished. Castiel began to sob. Jack attempted to console him but Castiel shook his head and left the room. He made his way to the room Dean had given him when Castiel first moved in. He sat on his bed and cried.
Finding a public bathroom proved a bit difficult in the first few stores he walked into, like the bar, most of them asked for him to buy something before using it or some required a quarter to open the door. Finally, he walked into a McDonald's restaurant and was able to walk straight into the bathroom without anyone asking him for anything. He hurried into one of the stalls and did his business. Walking back out and seeing himself in the mirror reminded him how dirty he was and felt. The feeling of his own sweaty skin rubbing against itself made him shudder.
"Nah, Sammy, it's a bro night."
"It's just that, we kind of want privacy and to start a new life together, you know?"
The doors were closed but he could see a light through a window of the small building behind the church. Determined, Castiel climbed the fence to get to it. He felt weak when his muscles trembled from his own body weight, he had to hurl himself over and he nearly tripped when he landed. Had he been an Angel, he would have completed the task gracefully. He took a deep breath to ease his heart rate before approaching the building.
Castiel smiled. "Took you long enough." He giggled. Dean rolled his eyes but smiled. "I don't need any of those things, Dean. I just need you." Castiel leaned forward and they shared a kiss.
"Yup, I'll be back in an hour. Good to see you up, Cas." Sam patted his shoulder and Cas nodded gently. He continued cooking, and he was sure that Dean only awoke because of the smell of bacon.
"No." Castiel looked back down to his phone. "I'm awaiting an important call."
She sighed, her eyes met Castiel's briefly but she was back to staring at the wall or maybe the door? Or maybe nothing. Maybe she was just looking but not seeing -- the door wasn't really there, or the wall or the art, it was just her and her thoughts and maybe the words of the angry man who insulted her.
His spirits crashed back down when he walked into the room. A bigger man was on the floor sharpening a blade, he looked up at Cas, his expression unreadable. "Don't touch my shit." Cas nodded, the man looked back down at his blade. Carefully, Cas moved towards a bed. He was about to sit -- "That's my shit." Cas moved back and went to the other bed, when the man didn't say anything, Cas sat down and settled his bag of food next to him.
"I know."
"That's alright. You know you uh...you really felt something for him and that's.. that's alright." Dean seemed to be tip toeing around his words, picking them carefully.
"It may be quite simple, but, now that it's done.. i hope you don't mind, I hope you don't mind that I put down the words." Dean pulled out a mixtape from his pocket with the hand he had been holding Cas' cheek with. Leaning away to smile at the angel.
"You really had to buy the kareoke machine?"
"Dean—" Castiel chipped in.
"Yes. That is why she has been pestering you about moving. The bunker is not suitable for children. I confronted her when I noticed a brighter glow of her soul recently. She confided in me but you two are acting like children. Especially you, Dean."
Sergei's arrival felt like a relief and a damnation to Castiel. He reminded himself that he should have listened to Gabriel's encouragements to attend Angel Biology in the Garrison, but he never expected himself to even interact with humans or feel the need to bear a child with another angel. They greeted each other and Castiel led Sergei to the medical room, where Sam, Dean and Jack were already waiting. Sergei instructed Castiel to lay down as he laid out his equipment on the table.
In the morning, around 8, when Other Dean awoke to the sounds of pans clanking and moderate yelling, Other Dean saw Castiel sitting on the wooden chair in the corner of the room, sleeping.
"I'm leaving." Castiel scoffed, walking towards the stairs.
Green eyes wavered from Sam to the floor in realization. "Yeah." He nodded. "I know, it's just...embarrassing." He snorted humorlessly.
but then
"Morning!" Dean greeted before sitting down. "You finally over the wacko?"
It was clear, to Sam at least, since highschool that Dean wasn't just into girls. He remembers being around Dean and Lee, how inseperable they were and how uncomfortable Sam would feel as a third-wheel. Much like how Sam felt with Dean and Cas.
"That movie again? I guess I wouldn't mind." Sam added as he took a sip of his water, hiding a knowing smile when Dean turned to glare at him.
Castiel looked up from the cat but didn't stop scratching. "I can't." The man who Castiel now recognized as the bartender looked a bit surprised, his eyebrows shot up and his lips pursed slightly.
"Sure." Castiel mumbled.
"He has to get over it, right?" Dean complained to Sam one day on drive to the grocery store. "I mean, he knew him for a few days. They had sex once. What could Cas possibly be missing?"
He paused before continuing. "Y'know...the last thing I said to him was 'I love you, Feathers.' and you know what he told me? He said to me, 'Don't call me Feathers.'." Other Dean let out a sob covered only by his own laughter. "That was the last thing he said to me. He kept the portal open for us. You know why? Because he insisted that if the Universe was ending, Sammy and I would be the ones to save it, and we believed him."
"I was having nightmares." Other Dean explained. "He was just watching over me, is all."
They dances to the silence of the room for a while, enjoying each other's embrace.
"Balthazar, please, it was a mistake. Dean is upset with me, my head was preoccupied --"
__________
"You're right. I'm sure we can ensure it's safety and discretion there. I'm confused as to why this even exists, but Balthazar is the best with heaven's weapons."
"Marriage?!" Dean spat as if the word were illegal.
"Going for your run?" Castiel asked.
Except he didn't know how to do that either. A hotel? No, he has no money. A shelter? He knows of none. Break into someone's home? No, that was silly. He looked around again, he knew some people slept in the alleyways or under bridges. He could do that. He supposed he had already slept on a bench, maybe he could just do that again.
"Websites are good." Castiel agreed as he sat next to Dean on the bed. Dean thanked him for the laptop, slid it over to his lap, and opened it. He looked up 'sex toys' and was quick to find a well reviewed store. He felt a bit overwhelmed with all of the options.
"So are you done here?" Dean asked, desperate for Balthazar to leave.
"Yes." Castiel agreed. "Let us hope."
"You have a beautiful name." Other Dean whispered into his ear and Castiel smiled.
With no other place to go, he trekked back to the bench.
"He owns his own business in computer softwares and he writes in his spare time. He's been sending me some poetry he's written for me." Castiel smiled, remembering how giddy he felt inside when Luke sent him a poem he had written just for Castiel.
"Yeeeup." Other Dean said with a smile. "We're cool."
Dean went red. "Not that we would have sex! I was just wondering that...um..if we WERE to have sex, would you be okay with my size?" He laughed nervously, regretting having said anything.
"I love him." Castiel looked into Dean's eyes. "I always have."
"Because I heard you moaning and saying some very suggestive things last night but Other Dean won't tell us. So, did you?"
Castiel giggled again and Other Dean felt like he could melt. Then, Other Dean came to a realization.
Dean didn't answer to that but he did start the car. They were all quiet from then on.
"I'm not homophobic!" Dean growled. "I'm just not gay and I don't appreciate any other version of me being gay."
Cas hushed Dean and grinded his erection against Dean's. "Aren't we going to have sex?"
"Hey..." Dean said just as quietly, out if breath. "Are you wearing a...is that?"
"Dean." Sam said sternly. "Dude, I know you. If you won't talk to me, talk to him. You know how Cas is, he doesn't get things yet."
"Tom." The man said gruffly.
____________
____________
He remembered when he first raised Dean from perdition, how he rebuilt him and how their souls wound together. Castiel had given Dean everything because Dean was everything Castiel saw right with God's creation. Righteous, brave, kind, determined, and an absolute moron.
"Thank you. It's...embarrassing but I feel like I want to talk about it. Balthazar and I were doing fine, and we got to the point where we were going to engage in...sexual intercourse." He looked briefly at Dean, who now had a stern look on his face. He looked away. "I got lost in the heat of things...and I may have said someone elses' name." Again, a glance at Dean before staring at the wall.
The angel nodded in agreement, the bigger picture is more comforting but he still felt awful. "Yes, you're right. I just...feel bad."
It was about a week since they were acting strange that Balthazar showed up in the bunker. Dean and Sam were walking in from Sam's run, and they walked in on Balthazar pinching Castiel's cheek. Castiel swatted his arm away but smiled nonetheless. Dean felt his heart sink, were they going to try and make it work?
"Your what?" Dean laughed. Sam stood up.
Dean looked his double up and down before walking away. "Hurry up, breakfast is ready." Other Dean heard Dean tell him as he walked away.
At that, Dean reached forward and snatched the stone away before handing it back to Castiel who tucked it back into his trench coat. Balthazar put on his best bitch-face. "Why would Lucifer give me this?" Castiel asked calmly.
Cas sighed. "He said he needed space."
"Where are you now, old man?" Other Dean chuckled while he took a sip of the glass of water he didn't even notice he had served.
I wanted to leave this off to interpretation, mostly leaned on the idea that Dean never takes his chances with Cas but I've decided to make an alternate ending.
"Yeah, well, he got on my nerves."
_________
"You always think it's the right thing." Dean growled.
"You're just jealous that Cas likes me better." Other Dean hissed.
"And when's this date?" Dean asked, calmer.
"I have a question, but you must promise that you will answer truthfully." Jack continued.
"Okay! Okay, so...in the meantime, to lighten the load..." Dean hummed in thought "maybe you should try some toys?"
Fed and relieved. At least those boxes were checked -- for today. He decided the next thing he should do is find a place to shower.
The bartender seemed like he was about to laugh, but he was to angry to. "No. You can't be here if you aren't going to buy a drink. You gotta go."
"Woah, man -Cas, hold on a second." Dean held his hands up in defense. "Cas, I didn't mean to be rude, I was just making a joke. I'm sorry."
"Just a joke, Cas." Dean shrugged.
"Hey, guys, so I was thinking about something."
"There's plenty of privacy in the bunker, Sammy! And you're together!"
"Heya." Sam greeted when he entered the kitchen.
"So uh..." Dean kept his eyes on the screen. "What size? I'm thinking we get you one without all the fancy stuff to start. But do you want, like, a specific size?"
"What's possible?" Dean spoke up, Cas glared down at the table.
"No! No..." Dean rubbed the back of his neck. "I was judging myself. You didn't do anything wrong."
"So, where is the weapon?"
_______
"I'm sure you're aware that with the Winchesters, no one can keep secrets." Cas sighed.
"I guess that's a way of seeing it." Other Dean held Castiel's free hand. Cas turned in surprise and blushed.
There were a few patrons; those who looked like they had nothing better to do than drink. The bartender who looked just about done was serving a young man a glass of whiskey. In the far back, Castiel saw a slim grey cat jumping up onto an unoccupied table. Excited, Cas made his way to the cat. He slowly approached the small animal and let it sniff his hand before sitting down. The cat purred and relaxed, laying down on the table and allowing Castiel to scratch gently at the back of its ears. The ex-angel was enjoying himself until a gruff voice -- much like the one he heard yelling at the pretty woman last night -- address him.
"Yes. I needed to get a book for a case. I stumbled upon this," he pulled a stone from his pocket along with a piece of paper, "Lucifer left this to me before he was banished." To that, Dean and Sam were looking surprised. Balthazar too.
"Listen, buddy," he had said, tutting as if he were speaking to a child. "You can't stay."
"He sounds..."
"Night!" Dean said again, leaving the room and Castiel alone.
"Okay." Castiel whispered. "You and Sam will stay here until you cam find your closure."
"I'm sort of on Dean's side on this one." Sam told Castiel. "Don't you think him seeing you will only make it worse?"
"Then why?"
Dean went red. "Y-y'know!" He cleared his throat. "Sex toys. Dildos, vibrators, plugs. That kind of stuff."
"I know it's not much but, it's the best I can do. My gift if my song and, this one's for you." Dean let the microphone fall onto the couch before grabbing Cas' face gently. He put their foreheads together.
Other Dean grinned. "'Don't require sleep', my ass." He said with a chuckle.
"He's right here." Other Dean said, raising a hand. "And he's here to help."
"Don't do that!" Dean growled, angry at Balthazar for more than one reason. "What do you want?!"
Dean looked upset but Sam continued. "I was embarrased for...being so ready to just..get down and dirty." Sam chuckled. "So I avoided him. After I met Jess, he came up to me one day and asked why I had avoided him. He hated himself for a long time thinking he had hurt me. It was silly, really. We ended up being really good friends. I always felt like we could've been something more. We had a lot in common. But by that time he and I had both moved on, and I feel now that I lost something."
"It's a little bit funny," Dean began to sing.
It seemed that waiting for a patron who was leaving the bar to ask where some sort of shelter might be was the best option. Castiel knew that usually churches or small organizations would hold food drives and it's most likely in this small town that most people would know about it. So he waited, and he didn't have to wait very long for a young man (maybe in his 30s) to stumble past the doors. His hair had been messed with, it stuck out in random places, and his shirt and jeans were wrinkled.
Sam continued. "There was this guy. He was on the soccer team. He had the same class that I did even though he was a sophmore. He was cool, you know? We would say hi and whatever, but never really talked much. But one day, the shower in my dorm wasn't working so I went to use the showers in the locker room. He was there too, he was like super into practicing." He snorted and watched Dean's expression. "Long story short, I lost my virginity there. It was weird, because I hardly talked to the guy. And it was shower sex, not the best starter."
"Yes, you. Sam needs to make his own life. And you need to make yours too."
"Nice to meet you." Cas said, trying to be curdious. The conversation ended there, though, because the man returned to his blade. Cas sighed and stood back up, he left his bag on his bed and went in search of a shower.
"I uh...I was curious, y'know, because Balthazar said you care about size." Dean shrugged.
"No worries, man. Libraries can be confusing." He stood up and walked away to some shelves.
"A solid, you mean?" Balthazar toyed with Castiel's collar, making the blue-eyed angel's breath hitch.
Castiel turned back to the computer screen. He managed to get to chrome but was unsure what to type. He went for: 'homeless shelters near me'. A few came up on a map so he clicked on the closest one. It was about two and half miles away and it was named Beacon, definitely a light in the dark. He memorized the directions like he used to memorize the names of important angels or missions or maneuvers. He turned off the computer and walked out of the library and towards the Beacon.
It didn't taste like molecules, he quite liked the taste. Last night before sleeping he had eaten a banana. He hummed, he remembered hearing a young girl in heaven singing a tune about bananas once with her mother. How had it gone?
Except he hadn't because the bus driver didn't ask him to pay. And everyone else who got on the bus didn't pay. He watched as people came and went, no one really spoke to him. Sometimes, he would smile at someone and they would smile back. Other times, he would smile and they would look uncomfortable so he would look away.
Jack suddenly spoke, unable to contain his joy. "This is going to be awesome! I'll have a baby brother!" They all turned to look at him in surprise, Sam was even chuckling a bit. "Or um...sister." Jack added bashfully.
"I love you too, Dean Winchester." Castiel heard Other Dean sniffle and he felt his shoulders shake. Dean pulled away and held Castiel's face in his large hands. He looked into Castiel's eyes, enjoying this last moment. Castiel wiped away the tears from Other Dean's face.
"I am going on a date."
"It is Your Song, baby." Dean grinned. "I had to go all out. Especially since I had competition."
"Hi," Sam stepped forward and stood at a distance, "drinking this early?"
"Sorry—" Castiel hissed.
"I like this." Dean said to break the silence. "I like that we talk."
It was cold. Again. He hated weather too, it changed too much. Consistency would be nice. It wasn't too dark though, the lights of stores lit up the sidewalks but he couldn't see the stars as well as he could in the town. He wondered what he would discover here.
Admitting defeat had never come so quickly for Castiel, but he supposed he never really had to admit defeat for such little things like this. Before, with his powers, should he ever had needed to find a bench to sleep on he could have scanned the whole state in less than 10 seconds and found one. But then, he never had to sleep before.
Instinctively his hands went to opposite shoulders, rubbing away the cold. He looked around, he had no sense of direction. Where would he go? When he was an angel, he would simply think about being somewhere and he would be there. Now, it seems, he'd have to walk. Except he doesn't know how to get anywhere. He has no map of any sort. The bunker was already isolated, hidden; so there were no shops or public places to stop and ask. It seemed he had a decision to make.
"More fun for us."
"What?" Sam asked, baffled.
The streets were practically empty except for the few mingling from bars and restaurants. Castiel walked on, his focus on his footing. It was strange how things one should be able to do naturally can become so awkward once you focus on it. He remembered finding the way Dean walked unique, of course Dean walked the way he does because of his bow-legs. But there's something else too; the confidence he carries makes it Dean's Walk. There are occasions when Castiel believed Dean would not come through on the confidence bit, like in moments when he was afraid, but it seems like whenever Dean is afraid he is only more confident.
They all watched as Sergei walked away and out the bunker. Dean turned to see Cas' tired face, he felt awful that Cas was about to go through this. "Let's get you some rest Cas."
Castiel furrowed his eyebrows; he hadn't thought about really giving anything to Balthazar in return for his services. He had assumed their past was enough to give him a freebie, as Dean might say. "Is there something you want?"
Castiel was tired of his cigarette, so he held it between his index and middle finger like he had seen people do in movies and allowed the warmth of the burning stick soothe his muscles. She was quiet, and so was he. He wasn't sure what exactly was the context of her situation, or what job she meant or why she was not allowed to be, but he knew she wasn't really talking to him. Castiel was just a stranger to her as she was to him. She was really just speaking aloud to herself, Castiel was just company.
"He's not yours!"
He was greeted by a gas station. This place didn't look as clean as the town over. There were more stores here, stores that could be found most everywhere. Fast-food joints on each corner -- yes, this is a city. By now he need to pee, and bad. He probably needed to shit too, but he wasn't too excited about that experience.
"We should probably hide this in the bunker," Sam suggested (referring to the stone), "if it's been undetected in heaven for so long; it'll be even safer in the bunker."
"It's a big deal to Cas, Dean. He likes those things and this guy went out of his way to pay attention to them. What does it matter to you anyway? Are you jealous?" Sam chuckled, knowing Dean was going to say no
He pressed the space bar and the screen lit up. A small rectangle prompted him to enter his library card information. Defeated, he sat and stared in a confused haze. It seemed the teen noticed Cas' confusion and took pity because he turned off his computer and sat next to him.
"He's you!" Castiel retorted.
________________________
"Okay, Angel, hold on okay? I want to do something." Dean slipped the fingers out and grabbed Castiel. He sat him up and told him to kneel on the floor. Castiel did as told and found his face facing Dean's cock
________
"I know," the man approached him. "I didn't get the chance to introduce myself. I'm Castiel. I'm an angel of the lord. Well, actually, scratch that— I um.. It's just... I'm Castiel." He chuckled.
Sam spent quite a lot of time with Castiel after that. Trying to learn more about Angels and pregnancy. According to Castiel --the very little he knew himself-- Angel's only tend to turn to pregnancy when their numbers are extremely low and there is no other option for repopulating. It seems like Angel's, when occupying a vessel, who get pregnant don't necessarily get the vessel pregnant moreso their own spiritual being. Jack spent a lot of time eavesdropping on these conversations and staring longingly at Cas' stomach, perhaps trying to see if he could see the baby. And Dean was spending a lot of time alone in his room.
"No." Castiel said sternly, to which Dean laughed.
"Cas'll explain." Dean them left and Castiel was left to explain lube and gay sex to Jack.
"I just don't get how you can actually be going out with this guy!" Dean said for the upteenth time. Cas was straightening his tie and Sam was helping adjust his hair (I'm a pro at hair, Sam had said when he offered).
"Dinner?" Castiel repeated, baffled.
"'Calm down'?! You're telling me to calm down?!" Dean nearly yelled. "I can't believe you had sex with—with—!"
"Of course. Thank you."
Castiel was about to say something about being unsure but then Dean gave Castiel a nice slap on the rear and that made Cas moan and change his mind. "Y-yes! Yes, I'd like to have sex with you." Castiel squirmed at the feeling of his growing erection.
"Get my laptop." Dean ordered, Cas nodded and grabbed Dean's laptop from the desk. Dean jumped onto the bed and digged in his wallet for a card. "We can probably find a business website that can just send it to our PO box."
"Thought so!" Dean squeaked. "You know what? Just forget it!" He laughed again, his eyes in a panic. "Night Cas!"
"You," Dean looked angry. He was grabbing strands of his hair tightly. "You did what?"
"Better." Castiel smiled. "I'm better. I just feel...sad."
He saw it. The bus. Blue and glorious.
"I'm sorry for making you feel judged." Castiel replied curtly.
Cas was going to remove the hat when Dean raised a hand and shook his head. "It...it looks really good...on you." Dean was able to say through tight lips. He watched and memorized Cas' fluid movements as he lifted up and off the toy. "I um...wanted to talk about -- well, Sam, he told me you--"
"I'm not too sure. The last time we really spoke was when we had that 'bros night' without you. He left in a hurry and quite flustered, and since he has avoided me. I'm not sure what he's so embarrased about." Castiel shrugged, looking off to the distance.
------
Sam and Castiel laughed with Dean until they all calmed down. The silence was broken by Sam, who carried a new tone of voice.
At some point, he was the last one left. It was probably late because it was dark out and they had reached the next town -- it looked more like a city though. The bus stopped and the driver turned to look at Cas. "You gotta get off now, honey." She said gently.
Dean's interest perked. "What 'suspicions', I thought you were waiting on a dick pic response from Other Dean." He said, laughing, as he took a seat. Cas glared at him, but his shoulders relaxed which made Dean smile in pride. He helped Cas momentarily forget what was bothering him, and that was what he intended to help do. Suddenly, Castiel's phone began to ring. "Put in on speaker." Dean instructed, Cas looked at them all hesitantly - he didn't want to - but he did as told.
________
___________
Castiel picked up the dildo three days later. Dean would be lying if he said he didn't lurk around Cas' room when Cas was in there alone, he was trying to hear something. Sam would catch him sometimes, but Sam was unaware of Cas' new personal item. Nor did he know Dean was the one who bought it for Cas. On the second day that Cas had the dildo, Dean threw in the towel. He couldn't take not knowing.
"You aren't. That's what I'm saying, Cas. He used you as one and you're over here weeping over him. He's not good for you." Dean set the plate down on the table and sat down before grabbing a piece of bacon and taking a bite.
Putting on the same dirty clothes felt like showering was a waste of time. That's another thing he's need to do then: buy clothes. Or wash.
Breathlessly, Castiel said: "Okay."
_________
Castiel blushed. "Y-yes." Castiel sat up and crawled onto Dean's lap. He looked down and lined himself up with Dean's cock before sinking down. Castiel moaned. "Oh, fuck!" He yelled. He felt stretched and full. Tears threatened to fall when Dean grabbed harshly onto Castiel's hips. Cas began to bounce eagerly on Dean's cock. Angling until— "FUCK!" The angel screamed. "Right there! Right there, Dean! Yes!"
"Yeah! Cas met him on grinder— because he has that apparently!— and now they're gonna date? I mean, what the fuck! All he did was write Cas a measly poem and buy him some books, big friggin' deal!" Dean growled, looking around the electronics store.
"Yeah, no I get it. Cas." Dean nodded. "I get it." He smiled. "Thanks for talking to me."
"Good. Let me know when you want to start and what to start with."
The town really was small, he had hit the highway by midday. The end was marked by a sign bidding him farewell and a busstop. He supposed he could wait and hope he didn't need a bus fare.
Castiel smiled back and stood up "Don't call me Feathers."
Sam pursed his lips and nodded before calling it a night and going to his room to unpack.
"Yes. It is." He said in almost a whisper. Jack giggled when he noticed what had happened.
Dean took hold of Castiel's hand. Cas felt hypnotized by Dean's voice. Had it always been this.. beautiful?
Castiel hadn't paid much attention, but now (while he faced it) he realized how well endowed Dean is. "Suck." Dean ordered.
When Other Dean walked into the library, he heard Sam groaning while Castiel and Dean argued.
Sabotaged by Balthazar, as always -- with his winning grin. "Ah, yes. Except, every time he brawled with you he also taught you his ideologies. He never wanted you to be a mindless soldier. He even hated me for trying to lean you towards being a follower."
"I don't see how. This child is bonded to Castiel's soul. Even in the Empty this child will be born." Sergei set his pencil down. "This pregnancy bothers you."
Cas just stands back watching the brotherly banter, he knows it all to well with his own brother Gabriel. It makes him smile him and Gabriel haven’t been like that for a while.
“Son”
Dean leads them to the blonde haired woman standing by the entrance. Just before they reach it though, a child stops them.
“One”
Regardless of the confusion, and a twitch of pain at that thought, Cas laughed watching Dean. As he sung glancing at Cas.
Cas continues his quest to Dean’s room, after a brief chat about school and books with Sam. He likes Sam he’s always fun to nerd out with; not that Dean isn’t because he is a closeted nerd, but he just doesn’t express it as easily. Sam is academic, very pumped to go to college, not unlike Cas himself. He likes to learn, read, and write.
Billie had been taken in the seconds that Dean watched his best friend – his – he didn’t know devoured. But just as the darkness begins to engulf the last remaining piece of him, a bright blue glow emerges from his eyes.  Reminiscent of the angel’s healing grace.
Cas sniffled looking up at Dean, his eyes brimmed red with tears.
”What is wrong Dean, you always feel like cooking,” Cas asks cocking his head to the side, as he scans the menu.
Sam runs his fingers through his hair ”I don't know Cas. You know Dean sometimes he is just angry, and he doesn’t know how to deal with it so he takes it out on the people closest to him. But we aren’t going to fix it now. Not while he is like this lets just finish dinner and go back to the bunker. We can give him tonight.”
“Mmh” Dean moans when he bits into the rolls, with his mouth still full he says “thewse awe yummy Cas. You have to make us some back home”
The argument started when Dean and Castiel went grocery shopping. Sam is left alone at the bunker reading some lore at his usual spot. He doesn't need to tag along and serve as third wheel. It's crazy enough he has to do it twenty-four seven and Dean doesn't trust his brother because the last time Sam went shopping all by himself he bought nothing but rabbit food. Poor Dean had to survive on salads and beer for the next few days. Castiel is not doing anything either so Dean thinks, why not take the angel as well? It will be more fun.
"No, you are not. You'll understand when you will find someone worth holding on to. Like I found Lisa," Dean remarks. It's too chick-flick of Dean to admit it but if that's what it takes to make Cas open up.
"I had to deal with two drunks yesterday, not only driving them but having to carry one of them to bed. That is what's going on in my life." Slamming the book shut, Cas says.
Steadying his weight on his arm, Dean goes down slowly, taking his time, becoming aware of his breath, besides being heavy from drinking like always, for the first time his eyes are wide awake, and Castiel feels like he could look into them for eternity. Unsure of Dean's intention, Castiel shuts his eyes, feeling the slow exhale touching his face.
stuck together for four years of college, anyways, so why not make the best out of it?
“Jeez, not my division.”
“Yes.”
I would really appreciate if you guys will comment whether it is good or bad. I really want to know what you guys think.
“About what?”
Go follow her guys, she is amazing.
"It was nice meeting you too," Castiel responds. "Have a great time together," he calls out as they leave.
Entering the kitchen, he yawns, rubbing a hand down, his face meeting with a sight of Dean with a smug smile, he just knows that look. "Hey, you're up," Dean greets, a smirk lingering on his lips on seeing Castiel's sleepy face and bed hair.
"Bobby already checked up with the guy before giving me the spare key. I'll check out the place today."
*   *   *   *
"Or denial phase," Alfie contemplates.
Dean's room is messy as always because of his habit of throwing things around, or, like he says, it's easier to find the stuff that way, like his half eaten bag of chips, or the towel on the bed, or dirty clothes lying on the floor, which disgusts Cas.
"And that's the part you don't get? I'm a lot stronger than I look."
“I am sorry, Cas, but we can't take it," Dean says. "Come on, buddy. We need to get back.”
Castiel sighs, looking up at the man who is leaning on his elbows, staring right at him, eagerly waiting for an answer. Dean waits patiently and watches Castiel tug at his sleeves uncomfortably. Maybe Dean is a changed man and maybe Charlie was telling the truth when she said Dean is one of the nicest people she knows and a great friend.
"Wait, do you want me to bang your brother?" narrowing his eyes, Dean asks.
Sam laughs and Dean shoots a deadly look to Sam to shut it but apparently it backfires at Dean when his brother begins, “Dean, you are the worst and the biggest asshole and Cas hates–”
"No, he is not pissed, his hair is always like this, I'll show you." Dean brings his hand forward to brush down the driver's hair when Cas flinches at the last moment. "Touch me and you're dead, Winchester," he grits in his deep voice, staring at Dean from the mirror.
*****
Cas decides to deal with Dean later, so he pushes Benny forward to keep walking. "Shut the hell up and move."
"But Dea-"
Charlie comes with Crowley, who shouts at them, "Stop ruining my party, take your fight outside."
Dean is sitting on a stool near the counter, clutching the beer in his hand while laughing with some guy, who Castiel assumes must be his friend Benny.
as he walks away, putting up a savage show for Crowley and Benny, who witnessed the whole thing from distance.
Stumbling and throwing himself out of bed, he rushes out, ignoring a
"Shh...Cas..it's okay. I've got you," he keeps whispering, his voice growing slower and quieter with each word.
Cas gives him another little smile which warms Dean's heart. With a little effort, they are able to make the small box comfy for the cat before Dean drags the angel away with him, telling him to ignore the creature no matter how hard it meows and calls them back. That's how the fight started.
Dean spends the rest of the day like this, zoning in and out, thinking of a full proof plan. He's in the cafeteria in the middle of the day during break with his friends, who may have noticed his distraction.
"If you're calling to complain," Bobby interrupts, "This ain't the right time, boy."
"Seriously, man, what the hell. And what's up with the accent?" It's been only a few minutes and he has already interrupted Dean twice.
“Hello, Dean.”
Castiel doesn't know what to say.
"Told ya! He's pretty," Dean responds to Benny, throwing a wink at Cas.
When was the last time Cas hugged Dean like that? With that kind of excitement and heart warming tenderness? Never. For Dean, it is always a firm man-to-man kind of hug. It was never like this. Dean is too overwhelmed to even think about it. This is not fair. What does that cat have that Dean doesn't? Dean can also make a squinty face. He can cuddle all day long. He also follows Cas around without wanting food in return, and he can definitely meow at Cas. Dean is a whole package standing right here. Why can't Cas see that? Dean is definitely not insane for acting like this. Cas is crazy. That cat is freaking crazy.
Story time guys. I was not having my best days when I wrote this chapter like 2 years ago so I incorporated Dean saying I have got you and all sorts of things because I wanted to hear those words so badly. And this chapter is for all those people out there who are not having their best days. I want you guys to know, I have got you.
He brushes the thumb over the cool and pale skin. "It's not your fault, okay, none of this is, you can't blame everything on yourself, Cas," he says in an attempt to be reassuring.
Cas is bleeding a lot—he has blood stains all over his white shirt, he has some cuts from the glass pieces that pierce the skin of his right shoulder and arm, his head hurts, bleeding slightly above the left eyebrow from falling on tables, and his lips bleeding on the corner. The car ride home is silent and awfully painful, he can't believe he did that to someone.
"What?"
But, then, two encounters with him in a single day.
"He is throwing us out, chief," Benny says.
Castiel looks confused at first, shivering from cold and having Dean up close when he croaks out, "No-nobody got time for that."
"Yes, he is and—" she begins to continue, but Castiel interjects again.
He needs to do something before this pleasure forces him to do something stupid, like pressing his lips against Dean's, running a hand through his hair.
“You realize, he’s never going to take that thing off right” Sam comments, with a shake of his head at his cowboy obsessed older brother.
“Take Jack home. We are doing this-” Dean snaps glaring at the ground instead of the angel. Cas burns his eyes into Dean just with as much willpowered stubbornness as the hunters own. He may have broken their bond with his confession, but he won’t let him die, “Calling that bastard, giving him what he wants.”
“Thanks, but we don't have a stove remember, dorm rooms and all” Cas chuckles, taking a bite of his own. His eyes lighting up at the taste.
“Okay” Sam grinned, nudging him with his arm.
Cas paused his laughter looking back at the blue thing before shedding a few layers, "ugh"
“Please” Dean croaked out clawing at Cas’s back, his eyes pressed into Castiel’s shoulder. Noticing how Cas’s chest rose and fell unevenly, as if he were scared. Dean knew why he never let anyone see him like this, but he couldn’t help it.
Sam he has to feel the same. He probably hasn’t said anything because Dean is always there, or worse he has and just is too afraid to tell Dean. Because of the way he always looks at Cas with googly eyes.
The empty it took you.
Dean doesn’t want to break the energy from Sam’s face, but he speaks “Sam…” His chest squeezes when his brother looks at him. He pats his abdomen where the pain is, his breath growing ragged, “I don’t – I don’t think I’m going anywhere.”
Crowley mocks him with the nickname nearly everyone in the school calls him ‘Feathers’. Which all started when the older boy noticed him picking up a feather he found when he got off the bus at school one day. Soon the nickname spread, and everyone began jeering him with it. He could admit he wasn’t the most popular, a bit too into books, and didn’t have a good home life, so he was an easy target. Most the time he just tried avoiding everyone. It was easier that way, and calmer, more peaceful for him.
“Dean” Cas bumped him, with a worried expression on his face. Dean however didn’t flinch, at the movement, “Dean?” Cas repeated.
Cas couldn't help but worry throughout their entire meal. Dean seemed angry, but almost lost in some way. He knows hunting takes a toll on anyone; but this felt different.
"So" Dean paused and Cas could feel his eyes piercing his back. The wariness in his voice "What are you comfortable with, 'cause you know I'm no prude." He laughed with what Cas turned to see as a slight grimace.
Tears welled up in Castiel’s eyes as she spoke, he jumped from his spot racing over to the bed. His tiny arms pulling himself unto the soft bed, his small voice wobbles as he speaks “Why Mama”
With that Dean turned up the radio, effectively ending the conversation. Speeding the Impala down the road. Cas took it as a touchy subject and luckily for Dean didn't bring it up again the rest of the drive.
“No Dean he needs to hear this,” Sam gives him a stern look before turning back to his father with a glare “You have nothing to say. For once in his life Dean is with someone that makes him truly happy, and you are just going to sit there and stew. Or better yet are you going to wait till we leave this restaurant where your coworkers visit to yell. To be a homophobic dick to your son, and his boyfriend who has been nothing but kind to you despite how you’ve treated him, even when they weren’t together.”
His thoughts remind him but he can't bring himself to care. This may be his only chance to do the one thing he's been dreaming of for years. Cas reaches up, his hand covering Dean’s cheek, and he's sure if the glove hadn't been there he'd be able to feel the day old stubble growing there.
Cas huffs, but really he enjoys all of Dean's music, it's just fun to watch him squirm, "fine"
Dean heads to the men’s room, as Sam stays behind to fill the gas tank. Jack walks by him to the shop area. The neon sign flickering as it burns out, from staying on too long with no one to turn it off. Dean notices Cas stays behind looking out at the world with a frown. Most of his wounds have healed by now, just left with the scars to turn anew. The hunter can’t imagine what it is like for him, an angel who was once connected with every being. Someone who watched lifetimes of energy, people, a full world constantly bursting at the seams. Each with their own stories, changes. Now left with nothing, connected to nothing but the three of them.
Dean scoffed at the former angel who looked thoroughly confused, that sneaky little angel had to be a good actor, “My leg?”
This year they had another remarkable autumn hay rack ride - the perfect hayrack ride. Though it seemed next years might be even better.
"Nothing" Dean covers shaking away his thoughts of what those pink lips would feel like. If they would be as soft as he always imagined, "I just haven't laughed that hard in a long time. Come on let's go show everyone"
He examines the spilt wounds oozing with blood, and Dean stirs. Trying to pull his hand away from the pain, but Cas doesn’t relent, gripping it tighter.
Cas lays upside down on the couch in his and his longtime best friend’s dorm room. His legs dangling over the back, blood rushing to his head. Giving him a bit of a euphoric rush.
Ellen nods, Bobby however grumbles “Kids these days”
Jack looks over as the Winchesters and Cas enter the room, however they are not followed by Betty. Michael looks back at them as well pointing to Lucifer, he says with a disappointed look “You’re thinking about trusting him?”
Dean shifts to his side, a questioning look on his face “what’s up Cas”
Though he says the contrary it is evident, they are both two boys, two brothers, who crave the love of their father. A tale not far off from the one that originated  in the humans beside them.
Shaking his head a sad sort of laughter came from his throat “No I mean - god Cas.” He tugged at his hair “when you said if I told them I could bring home the perfect person and introduce them as my boyfriend. All I could think was you. But I know you don’t feel the same so what’s the point.”
Though the feeling Dean is trying his best to pretend isn’t there, has returned. He will see the case through, he won’t give up on something like this.
There was a deep breath across the line, and Castiel played with the lose threads of his tee shirt with trepidation. The movie all but forgotten, pushed into the background like his older brother’s fighting from upstairs and the slamming of the door as Gabriel left probably on another quest to get candy. Finally, Dean spoke “I won’t be able to come over this weekend Jody is out of town, because her ex-husband died, and Donna is taking Owen to his little league game. So, I have to stay with Bobby.”
Jack hears a snap from behind him – Lucifer. Betty is cut off from her retelling of God’s demise, with a loud scream from her lips. She seems to turn to stone before their eyes then crumble into a million pieces. The book falls a moment before Lucifer sucks it to himself. Flying right into his hands, all of them gasping in shock and spinning towards the devil himself to watch it all unfold.
“Sur-re,” Cas said between fits of laughter. Clutching his stomach as he doubled over. Squirming around on the bed. Even as Dean tried to stay mad he couldn’t help but to let out a loud laugh as well.
Shining in the East beyond them far
Dean smiled blindly. Elation filling him. He looked into those ocean eyes again. Then he leaned down, his eyes fluttering shut. The blue eyes turned to darkness. But then their lips met, and suddenly there was an explosion of color behind his eyelids. Electric blues, zipping past. They moved in sync, something like salty, and something like sweet. It was perfect and long awaited.
Cas chuckles half-heartedly.
Dean squints, then flicks his eyes in Cas’s direction vaguely acknowledging his presence. Back to Jack running a hand over his face “Wait I thought you were all powered down. How are you sensing anything?”
Jack stands, turning to look through the diner window to the people he cares about the most. His family. He notices the way Dean stands away from Cas, further than he ever does, for a moment he wonders what happened with Billie. He doesn’t ponder on it long though.
Lucifer had ignored this rolling his eyes and, going back to his cards. He is otherwise quite while they wait, peaceful even.
"Oh" Cas's stomach did a flip. Dean always said that he just happened to be spending time with Henry. Cas's supposes he should have known when Desn began to show up again a few months after Henry had died. Cas just always assumed it was because he wanted to remember his grandpa.
Taking a deep breath, Dean pushes all his thoughts away, staring blankly ahead at the road just outside the bunker’s garage door. He doesn’t turn on the radio. He just listens to the rain as the pelts of water splash on the windshield, and the engine rumbles. Dean just stares ahead with a frown on his face, and nothing in his eyes. Not once does he dare look at the rearview mirror, because he knows there is nothing – no one back there anymore. He suffocates, vision blurred and mind blank. He watches the road, the ditches, and nothing at all.
When Castiel looks up he has red around his eyes, he’s clutching a small blue feather in his hand. Not much bigger than a small bird’s feather would be. Dean wonders if he found another, he likes to collect feathers though Dean isn’t sure why. He thinks it’s nice.
“Okay” Dean breathes into his neck, “just make sure you have your hat and gloves. I’m not sharing mine”
“What” Dean rubbed the back of his neck, a pink blush prominent on his cheeks.
Cas lets out a gasp running to Dean’s side, his heart pounding erratically in his chest “Dean”
“Don’t go then” Dean stated as if it were a perfectly reasonable statement.
“Are you okay” Cas askes trying to be sincere but not overly sympathetic. He knew what it was like to have a poor relationship with your father or in Cas’s case no relationship at all.
Cas gapes looking away with a bashful look, but Dean catches the small smile, "Dean, you can't just say things like that"
Lucifer smirks “so… Buddy.” He rocks back and forth, “Now it’s time for you to decide. Dump the chumps,” He points to the brothers then Cas, who are getting to their feet again. Cas a little slower than the others still not fully juiced back up again, as Dean would say, “and join the winning team with me and gramps. Woo! Of course, that’s the only way you are staying alive, since-“ he looks Jack up and down, “You aren’t strong enough to fight me now”
“Hey what happened with Amara. When?”
Dean could imagine that, hell he had spent a Christmas or two like that when Sammy was away at Stanford.
Cas perked up more, locking his eyes with Dean’s emerald green eyes. Searching for any trace of humor, or betrayal. There was nothing but sincerity, maybe even pleading.
Cas might have a crush on him. Dean chuckles, okay maybe he has a crush on Cas too. A big, massive gay crush. Or maybe not gay but angelic crush.
There is only fear consuming his mind, it's what he always feared Dean pushing him away. Losing him forever.
"Nice to meet you all" Cas smiled politely, leaning back slightly to include Charlie. Cas noted it was an interesting group Gabriel was most certainly in college based upon his 'I'm a Jay-hawk shirt', while Sam couldn't be much older than middle school, and the rest of them in high school. He had seen them around but not Dean though he later found out that Dean just moved back to Kansas with Sam.
For a moment Cas remembers nothing. Seconds later it floods back to him, his angelic life, raising the righteous man, falling for him in more ways than one, his confession, and his deal. His death.
”And a hayrack ride” Cas finished for him ”Sounds perfect”
There was such hope there, even though he tried to hide it. His intentions aren't purely selfish; he doesn't want Dean to be heartbroken, but he can admit part of it is selfish. It hurt watching Dean be with Benny when he came over to pick him up or stayed when Cas left.
Jack shakes his head.
Jack is fury. The wind blowing loose pieces of his bangs, eyes dead set on the man who is intent on breaking everything, he speaks “Just because you created the world doesn’t give you the right to destroy it or do what you want-”
There was a moment of silent grief between the two of them who had fallen so quickly into the routine of seeing each other. The movie had paused and the only thing that pulled Cas out of his silent reverie was the door slamming closed and Anna stepping inside.
Cas cowers away. Cleaning the supplies off baby’s hood back into the first aid kit.
“I’m going to get a drink” Dean snaps cutting his brother off he doesn’t want to hear anymore speeches or be thrown another pitiful look. He has had enough the past five days. He just wants to get drunk and feel nothing.
Michael looks to the ground, with a shameful look written across his face. Though the four of them watch him, he doesn’t meet any of their eyes. Dean watches as he gulps, his only defensive “That was then” The thunder crashes in the distance reminding them just how far Chuck’s wrath has reached. Just as bolt of lightning cracks in the sky Michael looks up again. Directly to Dean, his lips pulled down into a permanent frown, “This is now.”
Every so often Dean would wonder off grabbing a beer or a snack for him and Cas. Maybe even just to compare the feathers of his costume to the ones Cas started on his face.
Just as Sam opens his mouth to reply, a bang erupts from the entrance of the bunker. The door slamming open. The brothers get to their feet quickly, racing back into the room.
“I hadn’t really thought that far ahead” Cas said truthfully.
Dean smiled ”Let’s just be sure” he pressed Cas against the side of his car, lips meeting. His tongue mixing in with their hot but sweet kisses. When they pulled away both of them were out of breath, Cas seemed slightly dazed.
Everything is perfect if he ignored his selfish desire. Desires that want every year to be like this one.
On a cold winter's night that was so deep
Right now Cas looked pretty miserable.
Castiel shifted his gaze from the impala window; where he’d been watching building after building go by, to the man in the drivers seat beside him. It was a glorious sight really the strong jaw, unwavering green eyes, the constellation of freckles Castiel tried to count one too many times, and the blond waves of short hair. His mouth still bleeding with a final note in their conversation.
Cas frowns stepping forwards, and taking both of Dean's hands. Maybe it's a stupid move but a part of him knows what's coming, "Dean 'boyfriend' or just bestfriend I was glad to be there for you. Besides you didn't drag me into this, I offered. Plus.."
The next day Dean was looking through property listings while sipping on his morning coffee.
Sam was sitting in the bunker, sharing some take out and some beers with Dean, Cas, and Eileen when the idea came to him. Everyone agreed this was the best course of action. And so he went forward with his idea, calling every hunter in his contacts and asking them to spread the word.
Jack doesnt object. It's a rough and powerful hold of gripping calloused hands, and Sam joins in as well, wrapping his long arms around Jack and his brother. They stand there for a moment in that intersection letting it all settle.
Dean's foot was a little too heavy on the gas. Sam thought about pointing it out, but realized it was no use, Dean would not be slowing down until he was pulling into the bunker. Besides, Sam was just as eager as Dean to get back.
“Cas…” he asked.
Dean's eyes are glossy when they meet Jacks.
“Sam-” she called up to him. He made his way down the stairs, and wrapped her in a warm embrace, cradling her head against his chest. Tears were prickling at his eyes, threatening to pour.
He kept his eyes on the tv and rested his head on Dean's shoulder.
Dean and Cas sat shoulder to shoulder, clasping hands under the table. When the sun started peaking over the horizon, Cas rested his head on Dean's shoulder, the day starting to feel heavy. Sam and Eileen shared a look. Sam didn't question it, too much liquor, and not enough sleep in his system to bother pointing it out.
“Dean,” Cas said in a way that held about a million questions.
“I've been wanting to do that for… a damn while,” Dean said, his voice soft and small, floating light on a slight chuckle.
Dean thought again for a long moment.
Spring came and the days got longer. Cas planted all sorts of vegetables and herbs. Dean worked in the shed. He built some things. Planter boxes, night stands, and bookshelves for Cas. He had really taken to reading recently.
The words tumbled out of him. He had fought so hard to get them out many times before, like Sisyphus pushing his boulder up a hill, never managing to reach the top before it tumbled back down. Never managing to tell Cas how he felt. But now he had pushed them out, and they felt so right on his tongue.
“I'll have to see for myself,” Claire said. She rested her head on Kaia’s shoulder.
Cas inhaled deeply, taking in the scent of leather and sweat, and aftershave.
He and Cas visited a property, not too far from the outskirts of Lebanon. A quaint little brick house, with three bedrooms, one bathroom, an ancient kitchen, a fireplace, and hardwood floors. Most importantly though, it had a big yard with more than enough space for a garden, and no EMF.
“You did it kid,” Dean says “you beat Chuck.” he pulls him in for a hug.
Dean cut him off, cupping Cas's cheek with his hand, feeling the prickle of stubble against his palm. This was a new sensation but Dean knew it would be very easy to get used too.
“I think i'll be going to heaven first. The place needs some fixing up, and I'm sure the angels could use some help.”  He pauses, as if he's getting ready to say goodbye.
Cas smiled at Dean and said “It's perfect.”
Jack thinks for a minute, brows furrowed.
“Yes,” came his response. “All of it.”
They pulled away, foreheads still pressed together.
“We did it,” Dean says, a little incredulously.
“Can you even cook Dean?” Claire asked, a little incredulous. She was sitting shoulder to shoulder with Kaia.
“What you’re doing here, with the hunters. You and Eileen are going to do great things running this place.”
His head tilted slightly to the side, like it did when he didn't understand a joke or movie reference. Dean smiled at the familiar gesture, his heart filling with warmth.
Cas had woken up in the bunker a little over 9 hours ago. Everything was too stil, too quiet. No empty. No death. No Chuck.
He turns to go. There's a slight hesitation before Dean says “Jack…”
. He wasn't sure whether to feel relieved or terrified. When he found Eileen, he finally let himself hope that they had won. They talked for a while, tried to call anyone who might know what had happened.
Dean's expression was unreadable as he walked up to the angel. He raised his hand and settled it tentatively on Cas’s shoulder. Cas tensed under his touch. Dean had touched him like that before, a firm hand on his shoulder. Sometimes with a little shake of reassurance. This time it was more tentative. It held a question.
thanks so much for reading, let me know what you think <3
“Is Cas…” he can't seem to say more, voice catching on the angel's name. But Jack understands.
“You're not coming back to the bunker,” Dean says. It's not really a question, but there's a hint of disappointment in his tone.
He smiled down at Cas. Dean's hand reached behind Cas's neck and he pulled him close, tilting his head up slightly. He needed to prove that he meant it.
“I guess I'm god now,” he says. “I've got things to see to, work to do, prayers to answer.”
“Oh god are we gonna be the kind of people that have dinner parties now?” Dean whined, with a hint of sarcasm.
The last moments before the empty grabbed him were playing in a loop in Cas’s mind. He had meant everything he’d said, but he didn't think he would ever see Dean again. Now Cas was back. And he was going to have to face Dean eventually. Hopefully.
Angel of the lord, soldier, leader of a garrison, now standing in front of him, rosy cheeked with a smile stretching to his ears, proud of his tomatoes. How absolutely human he had become. Human in the most wonderful way. Dean drew him close and kissed his temple.
"Want me to fix you up with a Drink?" Alfie asks.
"Does Lisa know about it?" Castiel says, turning the page of the book he is engaged in with his reading glasses on.
"Funny? It's fucking hilarious, man, and you wanna know why?" he bursts laughing again, flopping down next to him.
This is it. Castiel must give it a shot at knowing his housemate, sure, Dean can be insufferable sometimes but, at a time of crises, he is a completely different person. Castiel doesn't allow himself to think about it but Dean comforted him once during the breakdown and patched him up after that crazy fight with Alastair. Aside from what Dean allows to portrait himself as, which is mostly the man who doesn't give a crap, a funny man with a charming personality, which probably everyone digs, and a guy with the vintage car who loves rock music, Castiel knows there is more to Dean than this, which he usually doesn't shows a lot but Castiel has caught a glimpse of it a few times during the vicious events.
The day doesn't get any better. After Dean takes some time to relax, he scribbles out some random enochian on a piece of paper and marches over to the library. Sam and Cas are still sitting in the same spot.
Dean hears the footsteps behind him, knowing he's being followed. The kitchen is, by far, the best thing Dean has come around; there's a window opposite the entrance, two long platforms opposite to each other, the barstool servers matching the cabinets, and it's fairly lighted from all corners. Cooking just got a lot more fun.
"No, Bobby, this is not fair. I think there's some kind of misunderstanding—"
Looking at the victim, happiness drains from Dean's face in a split second. The beer-soaked sweatshirt, face covered in white icing and blue eyes blinking blankly at him. "Meow," Dean manages to croak out.
"Small talk, man, what's going on in our lives. Your turn," Dean says, pointing at him.
"I'm sorry," he says, rubbing Castiel's back for the harm he has caused unknowingly.
Cas is helpless, not being to do anything but stare at Dean. It's the first time he notices him this closely, all of his other thoughts fading away. His mind is only concerned at Dean
“Yeah. Not my favourite place either,” rolling his eyes, Dean grumbles.
"Because I use it and you took it away so my flawless hair is looking less awesome today." Running a hand through his hairs, Dean smirks again.
"Really, Cas?"
"I'm not that difficult to be found, I'm always around Castiel," Arthur interrupts in between.
“If you are here to talk about what you did then I am not interested. You can leave,” Castiel makes himself clear.
Dean's bones hurt like hell. The ride was harsh. His coffee mug crushed the second he bumped into the guy, spilling the contents all over the fella.
"For now."
Castiel lies there for a moment, cursing his life choices. It feels strange though. He can't remember the last time he was this close to anyone. The cold wind entering inside mixes with the warm atmosphere of inside, and an involuntary shiver crawls down his spine, snapping him back. Maybe he has not been intimate with anyone in a long time. He isn't supposed to feel like this.
"Watcha looking at?" Dean asks, waving a hand in front of Castiel.
"Get," he smacks the pillow on Dean's face, "the," one more pillow smack, "hell," there goes another on the chest, "up," and the last one.
Cas ignores the whole immature behavior, blaming it on the booze as he pays for the glasses and beer himself. He has had enough fuss for today. "How did you find my number?" he asks Alfie.
"You fall for every waitress and bartender, Dean" pointing out the fact, Castiel takes another bite.
"Yes, indeed," Ketch replies instead of Castiel.
"Can't you leave quietly?" he questions, blinking and trying to focus his blurry vision.
"Come on, Cas, you can do better than this," Dean gives a half hearted smile, feeling bad for Cas already.
Dean knows that trick very well but he needs to stay strong at the moment. “Give me one good reason why that is a good idea.”
"I know." Cas can't help but smile at the way those words leave his mouth, thinking a sober version of Dean wouldn't say such things; not directly to his face anyway.
"Why did you open the door?" Castiel asks, irritated with everything.
Castiel stirred a little, opening his eyes for real this time. He doesn't speak, just stares blankly at Dean, as if he is seeing him for the first time. Dean hesitates at first but doesn't bother removing his palm from Castiel's cheek and caresses his thumb over.
“Why would you care about me now that you have that thing?” Dean mumbles mostly to himself as he walks past Cas. To be honest, Dean isn't jealous. It just sucks that Cas cares that much about the damn cat.
Meanwhile, Ms. Beverly excuses herself to bring back some notes and books, and Dean turns halfway in his seat to face Castiel, “Listen, about yesterday–”
Cas is silent when Dean speaks again, "He isn't the right guy for you, Cas," he knows it's not his place to point it out but he says it anyway.
It's time to shut it. Dean thinks. There aren’t enough ice cubes in the refrigerator. And it hurts a lot. "Why are you acting so rude, I just saved you, man."
Was it all a lie? Cas doesn’t consider him as his friend? Dean is aware they didn't hit it off right away, but the last couple of weeks have been different and Dean had thought that maybe, together, they would make it work because, if there is anyone else Dean cherishes the most after Sammy, are his friends, he’ll go to any length to save that bond. He’s always the first one in the line when they need any help and he was the same with Castiel because Dean genuinely wanted to make it right with Cas and be friends with him.
“I know it's your favourite, Cas,” Dean says, taking a swig of his beer.
It works. Castiel stops but he doesn't face Dean when he replies, "I don't need your concern to date someone."
Enjoy!!
"Must be Lisa, I will get that," Dean excuses himself walking over to the front door, he welcomes Lisa inside. He returns back to get the kitchen cleaned but Cas insists him to carry on with his plans with Lisa as he already did enough making the dinner, it's the least Castiel could do to clean up the dirty dishes.
