“Mrs Hudson!” Sherlock snapped. She started, but gave John a twinkly smile before hurrying back down the stairs.
John began to notice that he no longer had to prompt Sherlock to eat dinner. That week, Sherlock cooked breakfast on three separate occasions. And when John got home from work the following Monday, Sherlock had already ordered a staggering amount of takeaway. John tucked in gratefully, distracted by an old spy movie Sherlock had found on Channel Four. He barely noticed the meal disappearing until Sherlock put an empty carton on the coffee table and leaned back on the couch, one hand on his middle. It wasn’t the only empty carton.
“Thank God.” Sherlock sat up a bit, setting down his laptop and putting a hand on his middle. “I should send these to the tailor.”
John looked up at Sherlock and saw immediately what had prompted Mrs Hudson’s comments. Sherlock was slumped back on the sofa, feet up on the coffee table, wearing a soft t-shirt. In this position, his belly was proudly on display, looking quite a bit bigger than John remembered. Sherlock sat up and tugged at his shirt, and their eyes met.
Sherlock met John’s eyes in the mirror with a smug grin. He turned and let John envelop him in a hungry kiss, which grew hungrier until Sherlock undid his jacket again to grant John access. John put a hand on Sherlock’s tortured trousers. “I’m afraid if I undo these, we won’t get you back into them.”
John is putting the finishing touches on Sherlock’s favourite carbonara when Sherlock wanders into the kitchen. “Ready yet?” Sherlock says, peering over John’s shoulder at the bubbling pot of pasta.
So they didn’t turn down any invites, and instead spent a week sampling hors d’oeuvres and eggnog. After that, there was Christmas dinner at the Holmes country cottage, and more Christmas feasting back at Baker Street. On Christmas Eve, they tumbled into bed together buzzing from several glasses of good Scotch, and full to bursting with Sherlock’s roast and John’s Christmas pudding. They reached for each other, their kisses sloppy, a little breathless from overindulgence.
Fuzzy with Scotch and the buzz of orgasm, John couldn’t stop himself. He put a hand on the warm underside of Sherlock’s tum. “So,” he murmured, and gently patted it. “Holidays treating you well?”
“Want another drink?” John says. He’s not sure if he needs one, but somehow he feels like some liquid courage would calm his nerves.
It had to be some significant number. Sherlock’s enthusiastic appetite was now the norm, rather than an anomaly, and their friends had started to comment on Sherlock’s filled-out frame. The trousers Sherlock had altered were starting to pinch and crease again. The weight had settled mostly at Sherlock’s middle, and his belly was getting visibly rounder under increasingly tight shirts.
“Some of them are a bit old. And I’d much rather buy new ones if this experiment has the effect I’ve theorised.”
Well, no, not anymore, John thought, and hid a smile. Sherlock took a bite and shifted on his stool, and John’s gaze wandered over him affectionately. And then he blinked. Sherlock’s bespoke trousers were pinched at the waist, creased in a way that suggested they were a tiny bit tight.
“Mmm,” Sherlock said, which could mean any number of things. John cleared a space on the messy counter for the bags and picked up a large brown envelope balanced on top of the sugar bowl. “What’s this?”
They scramble through an abandoned building and up to the roof, hoping to find a fire escape. But the building is old and the roof is rickety, and John’s foot goes right through a rotted board and a giant hole opens up, and John starts to slip. Sherlock’s fast, but not quite fast enough, and he spins around and grabs John by one wrist just in time to stop him plummeting through the hole. The boards under Sherlock creak precariously as John’s weight pulls Sherlock over, knocking him off his feet and nearly into the hole as well.
Or maybe it was just a fantasy, imagining the day when they might retire and sit around the flat getting fat on Mrs Hudson’s scones. Which was not unlike what they were doing at the moment, actually.
“You realise, if things keep going this way, I might get – a bit bigger,” Sherlock said, during an advertisement.
John grins at him. “Closing the gap,” he says proudly. “That’s excellent, Sherlock.” He takes a moment to study him: Sherlock’s cheeks are still pink with a healthy flush. His eyes look brighter, too. “You’re looking really good,” he says shyly.
Our usual weight. John finds this endearing. “I’d like to get a few more pounds on you,” he says. “Insurance. You’ll start losing them as soon as we stop, I’m sure.”
“Want to take a break?” John murmured into his ear, and Sherlock nodded, popping the rest of the scone into his mouth before tipping his head back to let John kiss his neck.
Sherlock peered at the photo, then dropped it on the table and stood up. He looked down at himself, clad in pyjama pants, t-shirt, and dressing gown, and put his hands on his hips.
Sherlock’s chuckle deepened. “Who said anything about moving?” he said, a wicked edge to his voice. He rolled back toward John, closing a lube-slick hand around both of them.
John couldn’t bring himself to make a move, but it didn’t much matter. He basked in Sherlock’s company, and if he found himself admiring the detective from afar, well… that was fine. It was all fine. Sherlock would probably never figure it out, and if he did… John would deal with it when the time came.
“Easy for you to say. You’ll drop the weight in no time. I’ll have to suffer through months of celery and carrot sticks.”
Sherlock gave Lestrade the withering look he saved for anyone other than John who touched him, but then his mouth twitched in a smile. He put a hand on the curve of his stomach.  “I had to start catching up to the two of you sometime.”
“I think you must have,” John said, and reached in to unfasten the clasp of Sherlock’s trousers. Sherlock sighed in relief, his belly relaxing as the trousers fell open. His distinctly rounder belly.
Ordinarily, Sherlock would shoot back with a self-satisfied remark when John said something like that, but not at the moment. He was speechless, breathing hard. John propped himself back up on his elbows and grinned down at him. “All right, there?”
“You were part of the problem tonight,” John says. “You’ve dropped weight. You’ve gotten sick three times this winter, because you’re cold all the bloody time. No insulation.”
Could that be right? Was Sherlock actually -- filling out? John supposed it was a natural result of Sherlock’s hugely increased appetite, but he hadn’t actually imagined it would affect Sherlock the way it would a normal human being. He studied Sherlock, who was still wolfing down the scone. Sherlock’s shirt buttons were straining as well, even more than usual. The sight was incredibly endearing -- and, John was surprised to find, more than a little bit arousing.
Weeks turned into months, and the amazing sex continued, and even improved. And so did Sherlock’s appetite -- John found that his cooking had never been so appreciated. Gone were the days when Sherlock left cold, untouched plates of food around the flat. Now he actually requested his favourite meals, and more than that, had started to pitch in to help with the cooking and shopping.
They both laughed, Sherlock’s middle jiggling pleasantly under John’s hand. “Well, and your belly,” John added, an obvious tease in his voice. “Never thought I’d see the day.”
John gives it a final stir and leans into Sherlock’s embrace as long arms snake around him. “Hang on,” he chuckles. “Be patient.”
Sherlock sighed. “No, not quite yet. So maybe we should -- restrain ourselves. Until then.” He raised an eyebrow. “You’ve no idea how much I weighed this morning.”
No – this wasn’t how this was supposed to go at all. John couldn’t make the right words come out. His hand felt cold without Sherlock’s warm flesh under it. “Because, um. Well, I meant to say –”
Sherlock closed his eyes, and gave a helpless moan. John’s arousal spiked. His mind was filled with a vision of Sherlock, belly huge after an enormous meal, reclining on the sofa. Apparently the idea was arousing enough to nearly send both of them over the edge.
. One night in bed Sherlock straddled him, then leaned in to kiss his neck and let out a surprised “oof” of breath. John kissed his shoulder and began to laugh. Sherlock’s tum was in the way, pinning John down just enough that he felt a bit breathless.
“Oh no, I don’t plan to,” Sherlock says, grinning. He prods John’s belly. “Time to feed you up a bit.”
John folds his arms over his traitorous stomach. “It was bad enough when we weighed the same, considering you’re six inches taller. Now you’re a full stone lighter than I am? Nope. No, something’s got to change. Doctor’s orders.”
“You’re getting heavy,” John managed, as Sherlock ran his tongue over John’s ear. John shuddered happily.
The holidays rolled around, with plenty of parties to keep them occupied. Ordinarily, Sherlock complained to no end about social events, but now that they were together, Sherlock was much more amenable to an evening out. Especially if it meant he could stand next to John and make snarky observations about the other guests – and then steal John away for a snog in the coat closet.
“Now we’re going to take these to the tailor,” John said, tugging at the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers.
Sherlock pulled at the bottom hem of his shirt to straighten it, his stomach still obvious underneath the tailored fabric. He tucked his shirt in and pulled the sides of his trousers together, but they wouldn’t meet.
As they lay together in the aftermath, breathing hard, foreheads touching, John began to notice that they fit a bit differently than they once had. Sherlock’s legs were tangled in his, pressing them together from hip to shoulder, except – except, well. Sherlock’s belly was pressed against John’s, and it was – well, it was quite a belly. John’s own middle was plenty round and full at the moment, but Sherlock’s – it wasn’t a huge belly, not by any stretch of the imagination, but it was certainly hard to miss.
And at last, one night, the final line was crossed. Well, make that demolished. After a particularly potent bottle of wine, they found themselves on the sofa, Sherlock’s long legs tangled over John’s for a rewatch of Sherlock’s favorite Bond flick. John put a hand on Sherlock’s knee playfully – and then left it there. Sherlock put a hand over his, just as playfully, and squeezed. When their hands twined together, it wasn’t surprising. And when they both leaned in, after that, it was nearly a relief.
Sherlock straightened and swept his coat back to reach into his pocket for his magnifying glass, and for a half-second, the arc of his small belly appeared in profile under his shirt. Just as quickly, he bent again and his coat obscured it from view.
They tried not to let things get out of hand, and mostly, they managed. But the first time John fed Sherlock dessert -- a thick slice of cheesecake -- they were both nearly moaning by the time he’d finished, and couldn’t even make it into the bedroom before tearing each other’s clothes off. That led to a memorable evening ordering far too much takeaway, with Sherlock propped on the sofa at the end of it, cradling his swollen belly in a sated stupor. The sex after that had been even better -- Sherlock could barely move, which was somehow erotic all by itself.
Sherlock heaved himself up, still unfairly coordinated despite the food and wine, and adjusted his shirt, which was riding up a bit over the generous bulge of his belly. As he did, his unfastened trousers began to slip, and he grasped the waistband at the side as John chuckled.
“Is that so? Well, glad the evidence is finally sticking around.” Lestrade reached out and playfully patted Sherlock’s side.
One morning, as Sherlock stood up to clear his breakfast mug, John noticed. A shift in the soft silhouette of Sherlock’s pyjama shirt, the faintest of outward curves where there was once a concavity. But it could have been an illusion – the shirt was very loose. John didn’t think anything of it, and finished his cuppa.
Unable to help himself, he stepped behind Sherlock, running his hands up and down his sides. Sherlock groaned happily into his touch, and John noted that Sherlock’s waistband was definitely a little tight.
One afternoon a man in a dark suit delivered a large box from Sherlock’s tailor. Sherlock said nothing about it, but the next morning, he was wearing a beautiful new suit that fit perfectly, hugging the curve of his now-slightly-visible belly. So Sherlock had to know, John guessed. But maybe Sherlock didn’t care? Or maybe he’d just gone to the tailor for a new suit without paying attention to the measurements? With Sherlock, anything was possible.
John sighed, but his attention was diverted by Sherlock’s clothing. Up close, it was apparent that Sherlock’s buttons were definitely struggling. John hooked a finger over the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, which felt uncomfortably taut. “What have you been up to, hmm?”
“Thirteen ten,” John breathed. Nearly two hundred pounds. The thought made his insides go absolutely molten. “No wonder.”
“Lestrade made it,” Sherlock gasps, as they stumble down the fire escape. John is too winded to answer.
“Look at you,” she cooed at Sherlock, who was lounging on the sofa, lost in thought about a cold case. “John, you’ve done such a marvellous job feeding him up, I tried for years.” Setting the pile of folded sheets on the sofa, she raised an eyebrow in Sherlock’s direction. “Even a bit extra, hmm?”
Sherlock was definitely feeling all right. And he was also feeling... hungry. John was entirely amused to find out that only a week into their fledgling relationship, Sherlock had eaten nearly double the amount of their usual groceries. And when he wasn’t eating, he was complaining about the lack of food in their flat.
Sherlock chuckled, and his tum jiggled faintly. He rested a hand on it, where John had just kissed. “I’m getting fat, and it’s all your fault.”
John’s eyes widened, and he gave a disbelieving laugh. “What did you do, eat every minute I was gone? Christ, look at you.” He patted Sherlock’s stomach. “Looks like the tailor’s got a bit of work to do.”
Sherlock rolled onto his back, and John settled against Sherlock’s side. Feeling bolder, he rested a hand on Sherlock’s stomach again, then gave it another pat. “Impressive.”
They fell silent again, but this time, it was a happier silence. “So, um. Were you just – not going to mention it?” John asked hesitantly.
“Enjoy watching me suffer, do you?” he remarks one morning, mopping up the sweat on his brow with the edge of his t-shirt. He can feel Sherlock watching him, and he has a moment of self-consciousness about the pudge around his middle, now on display.
For the next week, they hardly left Baker Street. Clothes were abandoned, appointments cancelled. They resumed life quietly after that, mostly the same. Except for that one not-so-subtle change, the one that meant John could kiss Sherlock whenever he wanted. At last.
John didn’t need to worry about deciding to tell their friends, either. Contentment and happiness must have been radiating from him, because Molly, Lestrade, and Mrs Hudson all guessed separately that it had finally happened. Sherlock himself looked so thoroughly well-shagged that his demeanor was markedly different. He actually held the door open for Sally at the Yard one day, prompting Anderson to ask if Sherlock was feeling all right.
“We used to balance out,” John says ruefully. “We’ve always weighed nearly the same. Tonight I dragged you down.” His eyes search Sherlock’s lean form, mostly hidden in a dressing gown. “You’ve gotten thinner. And I haven’t.”
Although it was hard for John to believe, the sex got even better as time went on. Of course, it made perfect sense -- Sherlock was brilliant at everything he did, and this was no exception. He was so gifted at knowing exactly what John wanted that John felt like Sherlock knew it before he did himself. Not wanting to be outdone, John tried his hardest to figure out new and enticing ways to keep Sherlock guessing, and he turned out to be fairly talented at it. They ended up paying a contractor to come in and soundproof Sherlock’s bedroom, and then sent Mrs Hudson a giant bouquet of flowers when it was done. In return, she brought them a giant batch of scones, which Sherlock nearly demolished in a single afternoon.
The taxi ride home is charged with a happy sort of tension. Halfway back to the flat, Sherlock leans back and undoes the button on his trousers. His stomach, small but rounded, relaxes outward. “Thank God,” he sighs.
fault.” John began to kiss lower, down to the soft skin of Sherlock’s inner thighs. Sherlock squirmed.
“Yes. I’m going to find a pair of trainers that fits. And we’re going to feed you up a bit. No arguments.”
“Christ, Sherlock, I’ve been to the market three times this week,” John said, after Sherlock’s fortieth complaint about their lack of breakfast cereal. “I bought some each time. What have you been doing, pouring it down the gutter? Is this some sort of experiment?”
“I feel fine,” Sherlock says, but sits back down on the sofa and takes a big bite of pasta. Soon enough, the second plate is clean. Sherlock sets it down on the coffee table and leans back on the sofa, his usually concave stomach ever so slightly rounded. He puts a hand on it absently.
“Nearly,” John says, as Sherlock brushes up against him: broad chest, long legs, and recently, the beginnings of a perfect little tum. Well, John thinks it’s perfect, anyway.
But that night, in bed, John couldn’t resist. He devoted himself to an exploration of Sherlock’s long, strong frame, and when he ran his hands over Sherlock’s belly, he felt a gentle rounding, a soft bit of extra flesh just at Sherlock’s middle. Delighted, he gave the spot plenty of attention, but decided not to comment – he’d hate for Sherlock to be self-conscious about such a tiny bit of pudge.
“Oh, God,” Sherlock said, pushing back from the table. “That was delicious. I think I might explode.”
John wasn’t sure what was so damn arousing about this, but the fact was, they were both turned on beyond reason. Maybe it was the danger of it, actually -- Sherlock couldn’t afford to be truly fat, not really, so this kind of overindulgence seemed like forbidden fruit -- a truly foolish idea. Which meant it was also appealing as hell.
Maybe the carbonara’s particularly good, or maybe he finally realises that John’s not going to give up, but Sherlock finally gives in. He eats a plateful of pasta that night, and twenty minutes later, wanders into the kitchen and takes a heaping second serving. John’s eyes go wide.
They tried to limit their experimental sessions, mostly because Sherlock would sometimes be out of commission for at least half a day, and they couldn’t always risk it. But even so, Sherlock’s weight stopped inching up, and instead, took a leap. It wasn’t until Mrs Hudson bustled in with their linens one afternoon that John truly noticed.
Their contented giggles faded into moans, and soon they were half-stripped of clothing, John propped above Sherlock on the sofa, licking kisses into the soft skin of his belly.
“Mmm,” Sherlock agreed, shifting even closer, and John shut his eyes, surrendering to Sherlock’s touch. They slid together, writhing, lost in bliss, Sherlock’s hand guiding them both over the edge.
“Impossible,” Sherlock says into his ear. John turns, surrendering to Sherlock’s kiss. His hands roam over Sherlock’s chest and the slight swell of his middle. He pulls back and pats Sherlock’s stomach, quirking a smile. “You’re getting a bit of a belly, you know.”
They look at each other, and then John finds himself leaning in just as Sherlock does. The kiss is soft at first, and then gloriously hot. When they break apart, Sherlock is wide-eyed and breathing hard. “I’ve been wanting to do that for ages,” he says.
Amazingly, Sherlock keeps eating, more and more compliant with whatever John wants to feed him. Breakfast becomes a regular meal. Then, lunch. Supper always includes dessert – Sherlock has, John is thrilled to discover, a wicked sweet tooth. John keeps jogging, and he’s getting more fit, but the pounds just don’t want to come off. Maybe it’s his middle-aged metabolism, but more likely, it’s because Sherlock eats even more when John eats with him. This is likely Sherlock’s sneaky plan to sabotage John’s efforts, but if Sherlock’s eating, John figures that takes priority. After all, John can lose the weight eventually, but he may never get Sherlock to eat again. Best take advantage of the current situation.
"And you don't mean duty free." John said, from the corner of his eye, Sherlock caught three Alpha's and four Beta's eyeing his John up and down, this caused Sherlock to reach across the table and take John's hand, intertwining their fingers. A silent message that John was his.
"Fine. We'll start with the riding crop." Sherlock informed her and she rushed to grab the ridding crop he had brought in earlier that day. Sherlock quickly shed his jacket, took the riding crop from her and began to whip it as hard as he could. After a good long five minutes of him whipping the dead body, he stopped and took a few deep breaths to reign in his adrenaline. The Work always gave him a high that no amount of drugs could ever give him.
John glared at Detective Dimmok as he slowly searched through the evidence box that contained the Journalist's stuff. He was on edge, every little thing was pissing him off. The cabby's voice as he drove him to the Yard. The sunlight whenever it decided to peek around the clouds. The Scotland Yard building itself pissed John off. The scents of everyone in the building mingling together pissed John off, and even gave him a headache. The fact that everyone decided to speak loudly (not exactly yelling but not exactly using their inside voices either) pissed John off and made his headache worse.
"Bit different from my day." The Omega muttered as he looked around the room. Doctor. That pipped Sherlock's interest. It wasn't everyday that an Omega became a Doctor much less a military doctor.
As his mind did that, his body began to move on its own. He took a shower and got dressed before he grabbed John's laptop from where it sat under John's chair. Even with most of his mind focused on figuring out what was wrong with John, it didn't take him long to crack John's password. He quickly logged in to his e-mails and found the request he had told John about.
"Do you see the camera, Dr Watson?" The man asked again, letting John know the man knew exactly who he was talking to. John looked around and spotted the camera the man was talking about.
John sighed looking at his military issued gun that sat on his desk. His hand twitched and he didn't know if it was from his wound or from the urge to use the gun on himself. John had been back in London for less than two months, and after being active in the war for years it was strange, almost unnatural. He would still have been at war if he hadn't been shot and been made invalid and sent home.
"Yes, how did you know?" John asked, that was one question that was bugging him, that and how he knew about Harry.
"You know, I've got a phone." John told the man who, after taking a deep breath, John realized was also hiding his scent. "I mean, very clever and all that, but uh... You could just phone me. On my phone."
"An ex-" John started before he closed his eyes in slight annoyance, it would seem that he would have to get used to finding random body parts around the house if he were to stay here with Sherlock. "Sherlock, if I designate a certain place in the fridge for your experiments, would you actually use it?" His answer was a sigh and John gave his own sigh before he spun on the balls of his feet. "If you don't, then I
"No, she never got to the hotel. Look at her hair. She colour-coordinates her lipstick and her shoes. She'd never have left any hotel with her hair still looking..." Sherlock had figured something else out. "Oh... Oh!"
"Come on, who'd want me for a flatmate?" John asked with a tight lipped smile. He was broken. Useless. No one, Alpha, Beta, or Omega, would want to share a flat with him. John looked at Mike like he had lost his mind when he began to laugh. "What?"
"Found your website. The Science of Deduction." John said and saw a smile flash onto Sherlock's face before the Alpha began to fight it. He couldn't help smiling at how cute Sherlock was, almost like a small child showing his parents a project he had work hard on all by himself.
"No, no." John said shaking his head while awkwardly looking around not wanting Mike to know the real meaning behind John's look.
"Mrs Hudson took my skull." Sherlock said nodding towards the mantel where his skull had once been before Mrs Hudson had cleaned and straightened up. Sherlock opened the coat closet and took his and John's coats out.
"I'll take your word for it." John muttered weakly causing concern to flash through Sherlock's eyes.
"Impossible suicides? Four of them?" Sherlock asked making his way towards her. "There's no point sitting at home when there's finally something fun going on!" He told her excitedly before kissing her cheek.
"Relax, you're doing fine." Sherlock joked slipping on his coat before holding John's coat out for him. "Well?"
"Oh, dull." Sherlock told him. Sherlock made plenty of money to afford whatever John wanted, John only needed to ask. But he knew that John would never just
"I'm fairly sure you must have found it. What I want to know is why you haven't turned it over to the police." John told him softly causing Sherlock to want to jump up and kiss John for believing in him, but he refrain. He didn't want John to get the wrong idea. He wasn't looking for a Mate. "Do people usually assume you're the murderer?" John asked as if sensing his thoughts.
"Sort of. It sat there and I shouted abuse." John said with a sigh rubbing his forehead. He was getting a headache. "Have you got cash?"
"The killer must have driven her to Lauriston Gardens. He could only keep her case by accident if it was in the car. Nobody could be seen with this case without drawing attention to themselves, particularly a man, which is statistically more likely. So obviously he'd feel compelled to get rid of it. The moment he noticed he still had it, wouldn't have taken him more than five minutes to realize his mistake." Sherlock said looking away from the case to glance at John and nearly lost his thought when he saw the amazed look on John's face and in his eyes. He had never met anyone who thought his ability to read things and people as amazing as John did. People only ever hated him for it. Yet this Omega, this man, was amazed by it, by him.
"What? I..." Sherlock started before the kitchen door opened to show a pissed off Anderson and a deep growl flew from Sherlock. "Anderson, what are you doing here on a drugs bust?"
"Someone else had been here." Sherlock called out to John. "Somebody else broke into the flat and knocked over the vase, just like I did." Sherlock began to search the room, checking the laundry that was in the washer. Stale, been there since Monday. John began to ring the doorbell.
"Suitcase, yes. She's been Bonded at least 10 years, but not happily. She's had a string of lover but none of them knew she was both Bonded and a Beta." Sherlock said still looking around the room making John wonder what he was looking for or at.
"Keep your voice down." John giggled out receiving a disgusted look, either from laughing to Sherlock's arm around him. "Sorry, it's just, erm, nerves, I think."
"Problem?" Sherlock asked causing John to lightly laugh, and from the shock in his eyes, he could tell that it had been quite a while since he had actually laughed. Sherlock usually found laughter to be annoying, that was probably because it was directed at him, but Sherlock found John's laughter to be pleasant. It was airy and light, almost like his scent.
"Interesting." Sherlock drawled as he released John's hand to reach into his pocket to pull out a his phone.
Sherlock glanced at the two and realized that the Beta was Mike. Apparently he had found a flatmate for him after all. His attention then turned to the Omega as he limped in. The Omega staid standing. Psychosomatic. The Omega automatically fell into parade rest. Military. Sherlock turned his attention away from the Omega to continue The Work. Tan face. Had been in the sun a lot. Recently returned to London. Wounded in action.
John looked up at Sherlock when his phone alerted him that he had a text message. He read it and got a strange look in his eyes as he looked out the door. The cabbie that had come to get him turned and walked back down the stairs.
"Oh, I volunteered." Anderson said darkly. Sherlock growled again and let go of John to run his hands through his hair while pacing yet again.
"The killer finds Lukis at the library," John began slowly, his mind trying to race to get to where Sherlock's mind was, "he writes the cipher on the shelf where he knows it'll be seen. Lukis goes home."
She hefts a large frame, carved and gilded, from the stack. The canvas shows a stocky, broad-shouldered young aristocrat in mid-victorian military garb. It’s not an especially handsome face, but the artist has captured a certain rather captivating self-assurance, a chilly fineness about the eyes and mouth that suggests a knowing and secretive nature. It’s a good picture. Arresting.
“They’re not stopping, why aren’t they stopping?” His mouth hardens into a grim line. “Tube’s not running either—we’ve been standing here long enough we should have heard it through the gratings. There!”
Then we got to run around the moors. It was the most physical freedom I’ve had in months, the first time I’ve been in a truly wild place since I moved into Sherlock’s life. There’s a certain pleasure in knowing that Mycroft can’t possibly control everything that happens in a place like this. And now I’ve got my own little clue, “UMQRA”, which may be the piece that Sherlock needs to crack the case, not that it means anything to me, but I do like to contribute in my own small way, when I can.
Riding that thought, his breathing grows ragged and he does moan, again, and the sound of his own voice makes his face hot. God, he’s going to come like this, just like this—
As he looks at the pale, female body on the slab, a strange thing happens.  Maybe it’s because he’s not sure if it’s really her, maybe it’s because of the things he’s been reading, or that word,
“Stop a moment,” I said. Holmes shuffled to a stop, and if I had not been worried before, his unprotesting obedience would have been enough to pique my anxiety. He stood still while I unbuttoned my coat, then his. I slid the sodden garment back off of his shoulders. From there, it was a matter of some delicacy to get my coat off of myself and onto him without dragging either of the hems in the sleety mud of the street, but I managed it, more or less to my satisfaction. I considered simply dropping Holmes’ ulster — it might well be completely ruined — but there was no telling what Mrs Hudson might manage with it, so instead I draped the great, heavy mass of it over one arm and gave the other to Holmes, who leant upon it heavily. The ulster was quite unpleasant to carry and the suit I had on was scarcely adequate to the weather, but if Holmes’ estimate of the distance was accurate, at least we should not need to walk much farther. Even as it was, I wondered whether it would have been better to simply knock on a door and ask for shelter, but the neighborhood was just insalubrious enough to give me pause, especially as it was very late at night.
“In parallel universe, it could have all been true. You could have really lived here, and known real people instead of actors, and it would have—it would have been the same, almost. You would have been the same. You would still have been a genius.”
“I don’t quite know what all these buttons do,” John is saying, somewhere, and then the vibration just
“We’ll start with a review of the known facts,” he says, leaning down, and I laugh, tension unspooling. He takes my half-hard cock gently in hand and presses his mouth to the hollow of my hip, where he licks and nibbles as he squeezes and pets me to full, throbbing hardness. Then, hands on my hips, he takes the tip of my cock in his mouth.
Sherlock grimaces and picks at his meal, quite unlike his usual post-case appetite. He’s been especially quiet since the showdown at the Hollow. Now that I’ve encountered the gas myself, I have a better idea of how he must have felt when we argued last night, how distressing it must have been for him not to be able to trust his senses—not to know what was real and what wasn’t. I touch his leg under the table, and he looks at me, but there’s a hollowness about his eyes.
And that’s how I end up telling about my travels in Asia and the Middle East, in the army and before the army. We stay up almost until dawn, just talking.
“I could knot you like this,” Sherlock said. “Would that be too much? I think you’d like it. Imagine if I speared you like a hungry little Omega slut, hmm? I could shove you open and come in your belly. Leave you wide open and dripping when I pull my cock out.”
Then he leans in and presses his lips to the spot where his fingertips have just been. I close my eyes. The tip of his tongue touches me, tasting. Somewhere in the distance a skylark is trilling, an ever-tightening spiral of song.
Despite considerable distractions, John did well in his O.W.L.s, and by the start of his seventh year he was considering a career in medicine. In addition to his regular N.E.W.T. level classes (Potions, Herbology, Charms, Transfiguration, and Defense Against the Dark Arts), he was enrolled in a special class on healing spells and magical maladies taught by Madam Pomfrey, which included helping out four hours per week in the hospital wing. It was a very full schedule, and John thought, a little sadly, that it was just as well that he was single again. He and Cory had broken up the summer after his fifth year, and in his sixth year he had surprised himself by getting involved with Seraphina Simmons, his fellow Hufflepuff Chaser, but that was never anything serious, and now she had graduated.
He doesn’t carry an umbrella in real life, but as he swans back out of the secure staging area, I can imagine him swinging it with overdramatic nonchalance.
“Of course there must be hundreds of things that nobody’s ever done to you because they’re unpleasant, or even just silly.”
Being round, the room is cozy, cluttered, disordered in that useful, welcoming way, as though everything one might need would be just at hand. And what might Holmes and Watson need? Well: books, certainly. A worn rug in shades of brown and gold. Two fat armchairs drawn close to the hearth; a writing desk; a table strewn with implements; shelves and glass cases full of objects and ingredients perhaps not best suited to storage in a habitable room, but, if they are dangerous, then what better place to keep them than here under their keepers’ watchful eyes? A pensieve, acquired years before by Holmes in repayment for a  favor. A large, comfortable, velvet-curtained bed. A violin. A goblin’s skull. A genie’s shoe. A tall wooden wardrobe and an iron-bound chest. For light, there are candles (the good kind that don’t burn down), which float in a flock near the peak of the roof, unless summoned, as well as a glass globe suspended over the worktable, where Sherlock casts an illumination charm when he needs good light for working.
“No,” Sherlock said, “but my parents found me a tutor, a really mad old woman called Daciana. She was a proper old-school witch, with a little old cottage and everything, and a broomstick she’d made herself out of a tree branch. Learned a lot from her, actually. Stuff I don’t think even Snape knew.”
“I guess I just…I wanted to say. I’m glad to be out here. With you. Whatever it means, whatever you want. We can do it.”
She took professor Snape aside and spoke to him in a quiet, urgent voice. Professor Snape frowned, and John heard him say, “I see.” Then he came back to John and Sherlock.
I wake up early the next morning, feeling jittery and strung-out.  I get up and make tea, and cook breakfast for two, and practically crawl out of my skin waiting for Sherlock to wake up so I can try to explain my rejection in a way that will soothe his hurt feelings (if any) without either promising too much or giving away the game.
When John Watson returned to London with a bad leg and a bullet wound, he wasn’t looking for charity.  Nor did he find it, though the offer of free lodging may have seemed like charity on its face.
“To meet you, of course. And to get a glimpse of Himself. Looked like you had a bit of a tiff, in the lounge there. Trouble in paradise?”
It took a little convincing, but Sherlock did eventually allow John to quiz him using his notes. Then Sherlock quizzed John in Potions. Then they gossiped a bit about Harry Potter, who had been sorted that year, a topic which even Sherlock Holmes found interesting.
“Of course it is,” Sherlock said, going to John’s cauldron. Sherlock held his hand out over the cauldron, John placed his hand on top of it, and Snape laid his hand over them both. Holding Sherlock’s hand was rather nice, and having his hand held by Snape was rather strange, but John tried to ignore these feelings and focus on the magic. They each took out their wands with their free hands, and began the incantation, wand tips flicking in unison as their voices joined.
Sherlock opens the doors of the wardrobe, revealing, of course, the stolen painting. I don’t know what I expected, but not this. Not the fucking Reichenbach Falls.
Sherlock regarded him darkly for a moment, and John glared back as well as he could, given the situation with Sherlock’s eyes.  Something seemed to rise up in Sherlock for a moment, something that raised the hairs on the back of John’s neck, but it passed as quickly as it had come.
Taking out his pocket knife, he uses the tip to pry up the loose floorboard. Beneath, he finds a small bundle of papers. Letters, from the look of them—or notes, actually. They’re not formally addressed in any way.
“No, not suddenly. That’s the idea. That’s why we’re doing it this way, with hints and clues. We want him to have time to adjust to the idea, to come to terms with it, before we engineer an exit. He has to make the leap willingly, not be pushed into it. You see?”
And then he flips us both over with some kind of wrestling move. My head is spinning, his mouth bearing down on my mine, his—
“No,” John said. “It was the oddest thing. They actually took away my clothes. But when I woke up naked in that dungeon, there it was in my hand.”
It’s a hoax, obviously, though what it could mean, Sherlock has absolutely no idea.  Moriarty is trying to tell him something, but what?  He’s searched the internet for information and turned up very little.  Sir Arthur Conan Doyle existed and wrote a few historical and nautical adventure stories, but there’s no mention of another Sherlock Holmes anywhere.
At the moment, however, John was looking as though he might be a little past the point of enjoying himself. How could Greg not be ready yet? If Sherlock were in there, they would both be practically finished by now. Then again, even as aroused as Sherlock was,
Yet for all that, it’s a fairly easy existence. After the intensity of the months I spent scheming to get access to Mycroft Holmes, ordinary life seems rather flat; so at first I don’t feel inclined to do much of anything except sleep and eat and drink tea in the remains of the garden. Sherlock is a bit more active—he seems to have a few personal projects going—but it’s nothing like the old days when he was caught up in the rush of his work. We drift in and out of one another’s presence. We don’t talk about anything consequential. We definitely don’t do anything sexual, and that’s fine, too, really. If Sherlock is doing well, it’s fine. Though I do wonder about it.
Just then, a gasp goes up from the crowd as Sherlock’s dark silhouette comes into view. He’s with someone—a shorter man, slightly built—and the two of them seem to converse for a few moments. Then Sherlock draws away and stumbles toward the railing at the edge of the roof. He looks down, then outward, toward us. The other figure hangs back, watching.
Sherlock was looking at him. They were the only two people left. Since Eva Greene hadn’t shown up, they would never make up the number.
“You don’t even know you’re doing it, do you?” Her voice had taken on a kindly, almost pitying tone.
Sherlock climbed back into bed without answering and spooned up behind John again, leaving the supplies tucked up beside his pillow.
The case itself might be ridiculous, but the important thing is that it fits. It’s another clue from Moriarty, another reference to the stories of that other Sherlock Holmes. He wouldn’t miss it for the world.
He opens his wardrobe and rummages in a box until he finds an old laptop suitable for opening suspicious files.  He turns it on and disables the wireless connection before inserting the USB drive.
“Sorry!” said John, as they scrambled to their feet. He and Cory bent to help gather up the bottles. When he stood up to give back a bottle of green ink, John was surprised to see that Sherlock was on the verge of angry tears. He snatched the bottle out of John’s hand and took off at a fast walk just as a group of several Ravenclaws came out of the shop. They looked after Sherlock, laughing, but the music was too loud to hear what they were saying.
He dries his hands on a dish towel and goes to admit our guest. I’m far too curious to linger in the kitchen, so I’m peering past Sherlock’s shoulder when he opens the door.
In this universe, I own a very real gun, and a supply of real ammunition—not blanks.  These items were issued to me before filming started.  I want to ask Mycroft about it, but I haven’t seen him yet; the scene where he abducts me is going to be filmed out of order.  I suppose the gun would have to be real in case Sherlock gets hold of it, but surely the better option would be just not to have a gun at all.  I wonder whether anyone else has a real gun.
“Anyhow,” Sherlock said, releasing him. “You’ll take the infirmary position, won’t you? You just need time, I think. McGonagall was right about that. It will hurt your pride, but you’ll get through it, and you can move in with me, so you won’t be bored.”
I dither over which three signals to jam. I wish I could do something to give Sherlock some real privacy, but there’s just no way. Since that’s a lost cause, I may as well do what I can for myself; I select the two upstairs views, my bedroom and bath. They probably won’t even be missed, as they only get broadcast when Sherlock comes upstairs to wake me up for a case. As for downstairs…I’m not sure. I could choose the big view of Sherlock’s bedroom, but he’s hardly ever in it anyway. Where is he most vulnerable?
My mouthful of coffee goes rogue, and I gulp and sputter.  Greg thumps me on the back, which doesn’t help at all, but does give me a moment to compose myself.
A thrill went through me at the sight of him, still undressed and all tousled from the night before, his bare knees and his wiry feet on the floorboards. I had not been able to see anything of him in the dark.
I flip the pistol in my hand. Sherlock lets out a breath. Mycroft relaxes fractionally, and makes a small movement, perhaps toward some sort of panic button, but he doesn’t get far, as I lunge and smash him hard across the face with the weight of the gun. He goes down with a gasp, but I don’t stay long enough to see the aftermath. Sherlock holds out his hand, I take it, and we run.
With a glad heart I obliged him. We stayed in our nest until the light of dawn seeped in through the tiny window, and then I extricated myself, put on my clothes, and went back to Baker Street alone to fetch something for Holmes to wear. When I returned to the garret (on the sufferance of the little old Italian man, who did not in the least appreciate my reappearance at his door), I found Sherlock awake, crouching in the light of the window with our blanket wrapped around his naked shoulders like a cloak. He was examining a small object in the palm of his hand.
“What could possibly happen?” But his fingers shift a little in my grip, thumb stroking over the back of my hand.
“Not in so many words, but it’s pretty obvious if you know him at all. You’re lucky, you haven’t had to deal with him much outside of his on-screen character. He treats me like a bloody dog, in production meetings all the time, planning out the cases and clues for Sherlock. He blames me if things go off the rails. I’m cracking, to be honest.” He pauses to rub his face with one hand before going on. “This shit with Moriarty is the last straw. I almost hope the bastard wins if it means the end of this bloody terrible job.”
stay in the chair, and he squirms out sideways to get his knees on the floor, not caring whether John gets out of the way or not; he just needs to get his arse up, needs to bury his face against the (damp, omega-self-smelling) chair cushion, and moan and whimper into the shelter of his own arms. He is everywhere wet, his overflowing arse and his desperately dripping cock and even his prickling, watering eyes. He knows his hips are pumping fruitlessly in front of the chair, right there for John to see and probably John is just going to let him go all to pieces without even…even….
I get nervous on the way.  When I saw Mycroft at the crime scene, he didn’t give me even the faintest sign that he cared about my killing the cabbie one way or another.  I wasn’t really surprised; Sherlock would have easily picked up on anything weird between me and his brother.  I wonder how Mycroft can do this, simultaneously pull all the strings and then appear in Sherlock’s world, cool as ice.  He’s cool—or cold—in the real world, too…maybe that’s the secret.
Afterward we lie still together for a long, quiet moment. His hands stroke slowly up and down my back, soothing, hypnotic. Then, tenderly, we disentangle ourselves enough to kiss, and I stretch out beside him with the air cool on my skin and his mouth warm and soft against my own.
“You were just a kid,” John says. “Sherlock, look at me. You were just a kid. You had no one you could trust. What were you supposed to do? I think you—when you got back from boarding school. I think you knew, and you…you integrated that, or sublimated it or whatever. And you pressed on the best you could. I think, the drugs and everything—that’s what it was about. You know?”
Beside me, Sherlock stiffens almost imperceptibly. I remember that desperate grasp beneath the table, and my wandering priorities march into line.
Twenty-seven minutes since he woke, alone, to John’s omega scent and the sight of Sherlock’s most extravagant toy lying on John’s pillow. The long, thick, curved one, with the remote controlled variable-speed vibration and inflatable knot, and the knobby bit at the base. It’s made of black and turquoise swirled pearlescent silicone. Because realism is not the goal. Sherlock doesn’t actually make use of this object very often, as it’s almost too much, really. A case of biting off more than one can chew. Or eyes bigger than one’s…anyway. It was an impulse purchase.
I can feel Sherlock’s indecision, the tension between his fear of flying and his need to follow the case to its conclusion.  His fingers tap rapidly on his thighs for a moment before he decides.
Sherlock is still with it enough to settle into his own seat and put his ear defenders on. He closes his eyes and leans back. He grimaces when the rotors fire up, and when we lurch into the air, he lets his hand fall palm-up to the seat between us. It could be accidental, just his arm going limp as the sedative takes effect—but from the tension around his mouth, I doubt it. I set my hand in his, and his fingers interlace tightly with mine. He holds my hand that way, even in his sleep, all through the long flight home to our everyday lives. Home to London.
“With hints I left for you,” Sherlock says. “I tried leaving you clues to my own location, at first, but it rapidly became apparent that it wasn’t me you were looking for.”
The next day, Sherlock had a visitor.  They were at their usual stations when the bell rang: Sherlock bent over some project on the kitchen table, John reading in his chair.  Sherlock straightened when he heard the sound, and John looked at him inquiringly.  A scowl crept over Sherlock’s face as they listened to Mrs. Hudson, the landlady, opening the door and offering to show the newcomer up the stairs.  A silky male voice declined, and Sherlock’s scowl deepened.  Before the visitor’s footsteps reached the top of the stairs, Sherlock did an odd thing: he came and sat down in the armchair opposite John’s, picking up the newspaper and assuming an attitude of perfect nonchalance.  John decided to take his cue from Sherlock, and remained where he was.
“I think you wanted a human familiar,” John continued.  “But since that’s not allowed, you decided you’d try just having someone around who could do what a familiar would do, without the added trouble of the formal relationship.”
He has to get up eventually, though. There’s no hope of sleeping through the night, and wakeful inactivity with nothing to occupy his mind is intolerable. He’ll play his violin if John is up—even if he isn’t up, in fact. Perhaps, if he plays, John will hear and come downstairs. Yes.
Sherlock only huffed in reply, suddenly lost for words. John smiled, tapping away on the phone—clearly he was sending something much longer than “Sherlock isn’t home”, but Sherlock spared himself the effort of imagining what it might be. Before John finished the message, a reply came back, Lestrade’s reaction to the photo, and John gave a joyful bark of a laugh.
Sherlock levers himself up off the floor, then gives John a hand up. Sherlock follows him into their shared room, kicking off his pajama bottoms and shrugging out of the rest of his clothes on the way.
“First of all,” Mycroft said, “I really must insist that you stop interfering with my scrying. You know perfectly well that it’s for your own safety and protection.”
Also, he could not help but be cognizant of the fact that, in this particular case, the ritual of gift-unwrapping would lend undue gravitas to what was, at heart, a rather crude and even self-serving sort of present.
So Sherlock pushes his feet against the floor, and tries to move his weight onto his elbows, but it’s too difficult to maintain. After a moment, he shifts again and folds his legs up into the chair, so that he can sit on his heels. The vibration in his arse is all he can think about. Eyes squeezed shut, he rocks, unsure whether the motion is voluntary or not, whether he could stop it even if he wanted to, as the toy sends shock after shock through his already overstimulated nerves. If he had a knot—god, if he could
“Ah, Christ!” Lestrade cried, thrusting in counterpoint to Sherlock, their cocks sliding together in John’s dripping hole.
“Sherlock,” John said, a years-old lump rising in his throat. “It didn’t make me hate you. It made me love you.”
“What I don’t understand,” Sherlock said, “is where He Who Must Not Be Named is now. He couldn’t have been destroyed utterly, only rendered incorporeal. He had friends, followers—surely they would try to bring him back.”
And then his dressing gown is on the floor, and John is—naked—yanking up the edge of Sherlock’s bedclothes, and climbing in, and before Sherlock can move or even think (
In addition to the solitary bed, the room is crowded with pseudo-victorian furnishings, done up in rather twee ruffles and floral prints. Lace curtains, a vase of irises. Sherlock takes in the room’s furnishings with a glance, drops his laptop bag on a chair, and sweeps back out of the room without a word. If he’s still feeling the effects of his intoxicants, he’s hiding it well. I take a moment to use the toilet and wash my face before following him downstairs.
He’s read the file six times.  It contains twelve stories about a man named Sherlock Holmes, supposedly written by one Arthur Conan Doyle in the fictional voice of a man named John Watson.  There are also a number of rather laughable illustrations depicting “Sherlock” as a beaky fellow in late Victorian garb.
“God, Sherlock, I’m—“ His eyes flick to my face, narrowed with intent, his hand still moving, and then I have to close my eyes because I’m coming and coming, while Sherlock dissects me with his sharp, clear gaze.
“I’m sure I don’t know, sir,” John said. “He left school under mysterious circumstances. Perhaps he’s been in some kind of trouble.”
is too much,” John blurted, and Sherlock finally looked at him. John pressed his advantage. “Look, Sherlock, I don’t know what happened when we cast that spell together, but you’re all I can think about since then. I mean I don’t think—it didn’t change anything, it just made me realize that I can’t just…I can’t just let you do this. Whatever you’re doing.”
, that. The knot under my breastbone unwinds, sending buoyant tendrils up through my chest. Breath. Light.
John’s protest died on his lips as Sherlock paused at a gate in an iron fence.  Beyond the fence lay an overgrown yard or park.  John had passed by it many times without really noticing it, but it did seem odd, suddenly, for such a patch of derelict land to survive in the middle of London.  As he watched, Sherlock took a key from his pocket.  He set the key in the lock, then pulled his hand back, leaving the key.  Then, with a gesture and a murmured word, he turned the key in the lock, quite without touching it.  John stared.
“John, you want to bunk with me?” Greg asks, at the landing. “I’ve got a spare bed, and I’m sure Sherlock wouldn’t mind a bit of space to spread out.”
Now, when Holmes says he has a place, he may mean anything from an abandoned townhouse to a garden shed, so it was not without trepidation that I followed him through the winding streets. His shivers became more violent as we went on. He stumbled once, and then again.
He manages to hide his reaction from both of them when Plummer hands him the plane ticket, but he can’t help the way his hands go clammy. He hates planes. Really,
“Wh—hang on,” I interrupt. “The BBC? What plan is this? You can’t be proposing to have Sherlock…what? Do an interview or something?”
It’s a simple matter to pressure Dr. Stapleton into letting them use her bench. He keeps an ear cocked toward her and John while he runs the analysis. John sounds edgy, but coherent. Good enough to be going on with. He tunes them out again.
“You’re welcome,” said Lestrade. Then he stopped to watch John take a sip. Sherlock cleared his throat, and Lestrade looked at him.
I slide my hand slowly across the fine skin of his belly, skate across the pucker of his navel in the dark. His abs are tense beneath thin skin. Trailing up, I find the flare of his ribs, the surprising, spare flatness of his pectorals. I lay my palm against his chest, feeling how close his heart is to the surface here, beating almost as fast as mine. He gives a wordless hum and wriggles back against me. Nestled up against the very bottom of his back, my cock gives a hopeful throb. I bite my lip, wondering if Sherlock can feel it. At least he isn’t pulling away. I let my thumb scrape across his nipple, just to see what will happen, and he gives a tiny gasp, tensing almost imperceptibly. I do it again, and his breath comes out just gently shaded with a moan.
At home, John’s latest boring girlfriend has obviously stormed out for the final time. That’s a bright spot in the evening, at least.
I have nothing else to tell you that is remotely consequential. Being home is tremendously boring. It would be more interesting if you were here. Tell me about your Christmas as well, if you’d like.
Yes, Miss Adler, it’s very amusing whenever you turn up out of the blue and turn Sherlock’s world upside down. Let’s just keep doing this every so often with no warning whatsoever. In fact, let’s have you turn up in Sherlock’s bed unexpectedly, dressed up like a vulnerable kitten. That’ll be a fucking delight.
“In any case, you can’t protect him from this. We were rather hoping to get you on our side, in fact.”
Without shifting his attention, he pulls a little grey card out of his inner pocket and holds it out to me.
As far as any student at Hogwarts knows, the potions master and the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor have always shared a room. It’s not even a matter for gossip, really, except insofar as the second years delight in telling it to the first years, who reveal, thereafter, something of their personality in the way they interact with professors Holmes and Watson. But even those few who are shocked at first soon come to accept it as simply a fact of life at the school, that these two men share a bond of loyalty and love.
“Of course,” she said, and John knew he hadn’t fooled her in the slightest. “Mister Filch will show you out.”
But Sherlock was laughing, hand over his mouth, his shoulders shaking with it. John trailed off, choked with rage, and Sherlock only started laughing harder.
“You’re going to tell me not to be too clever, to keep it simple and brief and not be a smart-arse.”
“Yeah, about that,” Lestrade calls out. “What have you done with my boss? Don’t you think Sherlock will notice if he disappears?”
It doesn’t take much after that—maybe it’s his voice. I press my forehead against his sweaty chest and just move and move, drowning in the smell and slick and heat of him, until everything melts, and I spend myself with a cry, right up deep inside him, while he shivers and clenches and wraps his arms around me, holding me close and tight and true.
Sherlock knelt beside him and he—he had a knife in his hand. John knocked his arm away, but Sherlock grabbed his wrist and held him down before John could gather his momentum.
He swallows the tablet dry, and something cold slithers down my own throat at the same time, seeing how utterly he trusts his brother. Then he rummages in a cupboard and comes out with my bottle of Bowmore 15 (which, oddly enough, they do stock in the shops round here).
I’m on my way home when I catch sight of Mycroft’s unmistakable storm-crow silhouette loitering out front of Speedy’s. This is unusual for him. Either he’s very certain that Sherlock isn’t watching the street, or he doesn’t care if he sees. He gestures me into the cafe. After our last one-on-one encounter, I’m none too sanguine about this meeting, but, as usual, I have little choice. At least we’re in Sherlock’s world, where I’ll be missed if anything happens to me.
He gets out along Tottenham Court Road, then ducks down side streets until he reaches the pedestrian underpass where Jenny can usually be found, but she isn’t there. The concrete’s been hosed down recently, all traces of activity washed away.
Stealing a glance at Sherlock, I find him rapt, his expression thoughtful. What can he glean from a view like this? Could he fathom the movements of the whole city, in all their complexity? Perhaps he could. Perhaps he will, one day.
And just as it does finally end, as the pleasure of the inhuman throbbing inside him threatens to turn into torture, John hits the switch and it
I stroke down his chest and belly again. The band of his trousers is there. The elastic edge is snug against his skin, except where it stretches across the hollow of his hip. I slip the tips of two fingers into that slight opening and then slide along the waistband, parting skin from cloth. Sherlock is motionless, but I can hear him breathing, shivery and open mouthed. When I repeat the stroke in the opposite direction, he wets his mouth to speak.
Sherlock curled up in his chair a little, wounded, and John saw again that coltish boy he had so wanted to be close to.
The bell rang downstairs. Mrs Hudson was not in, as she had taken to visiting her sister during John’s heats (“No offense, dear, but at my time of life,” she’d said, leaving the rest unspoken, and Sherlock had not been offended.) so John, in a dressing gown probably, left the flat and went all the way down to the street door. As they came back up, Sherlock could hear them talking: excited, nervous. A burst of laughter. The sound of his own name, distinct. His heart was pounding. The smell of John was still on his fingers, and he breathed it in, paradoxically soothing and inflammatory. His omega.
"It's a three-patch problem." Sherlock told the Omega stapling his hands under his chin to try and come up with a plan to show John he could walk without letting John know that was what he was doing. Proving to John that he could walk without a limp wouldn't work if John figured out that was what Sherlock was doing.
"No. No, wait..." John said as his brain tried to make sense of everything going on."Mummy? Who's Mummy?"
"An enemy." John corrected "Well, according to him, your arch-enemy." John corrected. "Do people have arch-enemies?" Sherlock growled out checking John over, needing to see that John was alright. Tight lipped. He was stressed. Gipping his cane so hard that his knuckles are white. He was distressed, upset, or both. At seeing that, Sherlock couldn't fight the urge to be next to John and shot off the couch. He gently grabbed John by the shoulders and turned him so that the Omega was now looking at him.
"Thanks." John told him before looking at the menu. After John placed an order of pasta they sat in silence for a couple minutes with half of Sherlock's brain focused on watching the street and the other half wondering what John was thinking about. "People don't have arch-enemies." John suddenly said catching Sherlock off guard after he had gotten his food.
And for weeks that was their life. Nothing changed. And Sherlock didn't mind it as much as he thought he would. Because, even though they didn't do much of anything but be with each other, life with John was
Sherlock went to the back of the taxi to were the passenger was sitting and threw the door open. After taking one look at the passenger he groaned in annoyance. "No..." He said shaking his head. "Teeth, tan. What, Californian?" He asked before checking the man's luggage that was at his feet. "LA, Santa Monica. Just arrived."
"In real life. There are no arch-enemies in real life. Doesn't happen." John said with an amused smile.
"You could always go yourself, you know." John told him, pausing on his way towards the kitchen to look at Sherlock. "You've been cooped in the flat for weeks waiting for an interesting case." Sherlock looked back at his book when his mind pulled up the very recent memory of the fight. "And what happened about that case you were offered, the Jaria Diamond?" John asked from the kitchen as he searched for Sherlock's card in his wallet.
He had gotten that request days ago, accepted it, and had solved it within hours. He just hadn't gotten around to e-mailing the person back with the results. But before he could begin to type out a response, the door to the flat burst open as a Arabic swordsman ran in. Sherlock carefully tossed John's laptop onto John's chair and began dancing around every swing of the sword. The swordsman cornered Sherlock on the couch and went to swing at him, but Sherlock kicked him away causing him to stumble and trip over the coffee table.
"Sherlock!" He cried out happily shaking Sherlock's hand. "Anything on the menu, whatever you want, free. On the house, for you and your date." He continued handing them the menus. And Sherlock knew he should correct Angelo that this wasn't actually a date, but he just couldn't make himself do so. Part of him wanted it to be a date.
"Fire her." The man ordered. "She's got it the wrong way round. You're under stress right now and your hand is perfectly steady. You're not haunted by the war, Dr Watson... You miss it." The man moved so that his mouth was right next to John's ear. "Welcome back." He whispered before be backed up and walked away as John's phone chimed one last time. "Time to choose a side, Dr Watson."
"In his mind, certainly. If you were to ask him, he'd probably say his arch-enemy. He does love to be dramatic." The man said getting a far off look to his eyes. John looked around the room dramatically.
"Of the message?" John asked in confusion. If it wasn't German for revenge, then maybe it was Rachel.
"I-" John started before stopping to gather his thoughts, Sherlock let him as he continued to stare out the window. "You don't want a Mate." At that Sherlock looked at John. So John knew about that. "Mike informed me of that. And well, I'm... I'm-"
"Right." John said before he continued into the kitchen where he began to search the refrigerator for the food Sherlock mentioned and nearly screamed in fright when he saw a head in the fridge. He slammed the fridge shut before running into the living room where he noticed Sherlock had sat up, concern in his eyes. "There's a head in the fridge!" He told the Alpha.
"Hi, um, we live in the flat just below you." Sherlock lied sounding slightly embarrassed. "I don't think we've met."
"Why would she think of her daughter in her last moments? Yup, sociopath, I'm seeing it now." Anderson said.
"It's an ancient number system, Hangzhou. These days only street traders use it. Those were numbers written on the wall at the bank and at the library. Numbers written in an ancient Chinese dialect." Sherlock explained.
"It was a threat, that's what the graffiti meant." Sherlock informed Sebastian after having lead John (by hand) to the Alpha's table. John quickly took note of the four men sitting at the table they were standing next to, all but one of the men were Alphas, the other was a Beta.
"Black, two sugars, please." Sherlock snapping his notebook closed to look at Molly dejected face and knew he had stopped her silly little idea of a date. "I'll be upstairs."
"I didn't kill her." Sherlock informed him angrily as he moved to crouch on his chair while looking at the suitcase sitting on a kitchen chair he had dragged in there earlier that evening.
Things tick along mostly as planned.  The pink phone, the shoes in the basement, Janus Cars, Connie Prince, the fake Vermeer.  Then, at last, Sherlock follows up on the Bruce Partington plans, and
“I’m just so furious about that kiss!” Billy complains. I blink a few times, searching for words, before he goes on. “I mean I don’t blame you, of course, I know you’ve got to follow a script. Me and my friends have had a bet going for ages on whether Sherlock was gay or asexual, but they never really put an available man into his path before you, you know. So now we have our answer, and it turns out you’re not available after all. The poor man, honestly.”
“Mm, same,” said John. He slid off of Sherlock’s chest to lie between him and Lestrade, totally disregarding the unruly slick of various bodily fluids. Sherlock turned onto his side to ease his back, shoved the pillows around until he found a cool spot, and closed his eyes. Though he was quite tired himself, he was awake long enough to hear Lestrade’s breathing become slow and deep, and he felt John’s body twitch as it sometimes did when sleep took him. The room was warm. The day was young. He dozed.
“Never heard of her,” John purrs, and then he climbs up—naked!—to straddle Sherlock’s hips, and he takes hold of Sherlock’s hands, and his searing mouth descends again. Sherlock has no idea what’s going on.
So John beat Sherlock briskly with the holly branch.  Sherlock raised his arms and threw his head back, breathing in deeply through his nose as John applied the holly up and down his back, chest, belly, and sides.  The sharp leaves raised pinpricks of red wherever they struck, but Sherlock seemed unaffected by the pain, evidently concentrating on whatever was behind his eyelids.
The helicopter banks left, and Sherlock turns positively green. Without conscious bidding, my hand creeps out onto the seat between us. Sherlock snaps it up in his and just about breaks my fingers with the strength of his grip. We go on like this for some minutes before our flight path levels out, and Sherlock’s hand relaxes but doesn’t let go.
I pull the pants down farther, to where they’ll stay put, then take him gently in my hand. Warm. I can already feel the shape of it in my mouth. The close, strong smell of him is as familiar as my own skin.
, and John pressed close and let Sherlock take him in his arms. The tears were falling fast; he gritted his teeth against a sob.
Sherlock scoffed and turned away. Snape said nothing but—strangest thing yet—he laid his hand briefly on John’s shoulder, as though to comfort him.
“No, but there’s about to be.  I’m going.  Come with me or don’t.”[ SHerlock ought to be out more often before this.]
The dark-haired, dark-robed professor who came into view, chatting  intently with a witch that John didn’t recognize, could not possibly be Sherlock Holmes. The Sherlock John had last seen in these halls had been scrawny, skinny, awkwardly tall, and stiff with a haughty reserve that served as inadequate cover for painful self-consciousness. When John and Holly had arrested him, he had still been gaunt and peculiar. Sherlock was quite different now: he had grown into his height, for one thing, but it was not only his pleasing proportions that made him seem bigger. Where before he had carried himself with a flinching stiffness, now he moved freely, confidently. Haughtiness had given way to self-assurance. Sherlock Holmes had grown up. He had become complete in himself.
John said, and then Sherlock couldn’t talk anymore, and couldn’t move, and John was coming hard on his knot, whining with the effort of not shouting, and Sherlock was following him fast, muffling his moans in the fabric of John’s shirt.
“That’s her.” He makes it terse, tries to be even more unreadable than usual, which, actually, probably reads as upset to anyone who knows him well. It’s not that he is entirely unmoved, of course, but he can’t shake the feeling that it’s all a set-up.
“It’s just ahead,” he said at last, and his words were slurred. I noticed with alarm that he had stopped shivering. We stumbled up to a narrow doorway, where Holmes knocked five times in a halting rhythm. At first I was afraid we would not be answered, but after several minutes the door was opened by a little old man (Italian, I thought) wearing a shabby dressing gown with a night-cap pulled down over his brows. He took a disgruntled look at Holmes, then stood aside and indicated by a jerk of his head that we should go inside. I followed Holmes up a dark side staircase—the man did not accompany us—to what proved to be a large, drafty garret room. The only furnishings were a thin straw pallet, a chamber pot, and a few blankets folded up in a pile. There was a window at one end admitting a feeble beam of moonlight, and at the other, the bare exterior of a brick chimney leading down to the fireplaces in the house below. There was nowhere to build a fire, but the chimney, at least, was warm. There was no time to lose.
real. You’re amazing. You did things nobody else could have done. You’re still doing it, right now. The police aren’t idiots, you know—they’ve got really smart people working on this. They just haven’t figured it out because they haven’t got Sherlock Holmes.”
“Unknown Wizard,” Holly went on, “you are under arrest on suspicion of brewing illegal mind-altering potions for profit.”
in response to the threat implicit in the painting. The only problem is, I’m not sure what the right move is, or even whose side I’m on.
We get on with the pistols. “Transparent,” Sherlock says, and solves the case by noon. As a reward, we get to try out the pistols. We each hold a toy gun at arm’s length, aiming at each other. They are tiny, extravagant little works of art covered in silver filigree and polished wood that shines like gold. My fingernail scarcely fits on the trigger. On the count of three we shoot, and two minuscule birds with real feathers emerge, bobbing and flicking their tails, whistling a mechanical duet. Even Sherlock gets a chuckle out of it. They’ll be worth even more now that he’s handled them. I wonder if Mycroft has a buyer lined up already.
Sherlock is already tottering around the flat, rattling things in the kitchen, not getting much done.  He fills the kettle, but wanders back toward me without turning it on, then paces back into the sitting room, hand rubbing the back of his neck.  I suddenly see again the way he scratched his own head with the business end of my loaded gun, and I have to squeeze my eyes shut to banish the image.
But when the three of them began casting it together, John knew it was going to be different. As they worked, their joined hands began to glow with a soft, golden light. A warm, tingling feeling started up in John’s palm, spreading to his fingertips and partway up his arm. It was unlike anything he had ever felt before. He was sharply aware of Sherlock’s presence on a level that was more than physical—and Snape’s presence, also. He found that he knew things about them—incredibly private things—but he couldn’t have put them into words. Maybe they could have been expressed by poetry, or music. It was as though he knew who they were: their hopes and fears, and why they were alive. As the spell crested, he felt overwhelmed with emotions: love, empathy, and profound respect.
He seems anxious to get them out from under Sherlock’s eye. I’ve put it together of course: Uncle Billy is Billy from Grimpen, from Baskerville. “Friends in high places,” indeed—Billy must have run to Brook when Mycroft’s threats started rolling in. Or, no, he wouldn’t have known about Brook, so Brook must have come to him. The nephew’s snub nose and blonde hair make for quite a strong family resemblance, one that Sherlock can hardly have failed to notice.
With the trial concluded, albeit in such a disconcerting fashion, Sherlock settles down enough for us to resume physical relations. We have reasonably good if somewhat perfunctory sex a couple of times, but about a week or so in, things take a turn.
“Hold still,” said Sherlock. “I’m going to fix it.” And then, with a lightning-fast motion, he slashed at John’s trousers. The blade parted the cloth and drew a bright streak of pain across the front of his hip. He swore and tried to throw Sherlock off, but Sherlock seemed immovable as granite.
,” he moans. I sink in a little deeper, and he gasps and bucks up against me. God, I’m inside him, and he is
“No apologies,” John said. “This is Sherlock’s room, so that’s him you’re smelling. And on me, too. See? Here. And here.”
I’m used to seeing Sherlock at home.  I’ve seen him putter, and experiment, and sulk, and play his violin.  Most people consider these scenes to be the dullest parts of the show, but at the same time, almost everyone occasionally spends an hour or two just watching Sherlock do nothing in particular.  It can be a comfort to know that he’s out there, maybe engaged in some extraordinary new case, or maybe, in fact, feeling the same as you, bored or frustrated or needing a fix of some kind.
And then his hot tongue delves inward, and Sherlock makes a high, desperate sound, flayed open and uncertain but definitely wanting more of
“He was drugged,” Brook says. “As were you. And even if he weren’t, that was just a little brush with the real world. What do you think would happen if we brought him out all at once?”
It’s been ages. Just the touch of his skin is enough to set my blood on fire. He tangles up his body with mine, and we kiss and kiss for a long, wordless, molten time. I pet him luxuriously, all up and down his arms and his long back and the cooler skin of his buttocks and thighs. He sighs into me, his big hands tracing paths of heat across my skin. I lose track of everything, just wanting more and more.
“I’ll have tea.” He gets up and goes into the kitchen. When he has his cup, he settles opposite John at the table, not bothering to clear away the beakers or the small litter of pH paper strips occupying his place.
Sherlock huffed out a breath.  He tossed the holly onto a nearby chair, then began unbuttoning his shirt in a businesslike manner.  “As you can see, I am quite well,” he said, displaying his skin, which was, indeed, perfectly clear, contrasting shockingly with the dark purple of the silk shirt.  “As for what it does...well.  It’s rather cumbersome to explain to one of your kind, and I don’t recall that explaining my actions to you was a part of our bargain.  Anyhow,” he relented, when he saw John’s stubborn look, “I’m sure you’ll find out soon enough.  Now, the holly, if you please.”
“You sure you need that?” I ask, as he pops the white pill out of its blister pack. “It might not be as bad as you remember, and you’ll want to be clear-headed.”
I put the phone back where I found it, put my jumper on, and lie down next to Sherlock. I don’t really expect to sleep, but between the early start and the adrenaline roller-coaster of the day, it isn’t long before fatigue pulls me under.
So Sherlock told him the details as they went back up to Lestrade’s office. Heads continued to turn, but they both ignored the stares. Even Sally Donovan gave John a lingering look as she passed them in the hall.
“Yeah,” John said, breathless. “Okay. I—oh, God, I’m meeting with McGonagall in ten minutes. I guess I’d better—“
“No, fine, you’re a criminal genius,” he says, waving his hand. “But here you are saying you’re an actor.
, I try to say. Should say. Mean to say. But instead I’m getting my free hand up into Sherlock’s hair, pulling him down, kissing him harder. He
Vanessa Carlton is indeed pretty and tall, though neither as pretty nor as tall as Sherlock. It takes Sherlock all of two minutes to hire her over the phone, and she shows up at the cottage a startling three hours later, looking as serene as though this sort of thing happens to her every day. Sherlock lays out our plan—well, his plan, really—and she immediately offers a few suggestions to improve it. She looks over our meager selection of clothes and heroically refrains from making any faces.
“I’m temporarily filling the position myself at the moment, so I was very pleased to receive your letter,” McGonagall said, as they passed the doors to the great hall. “You were always one of my favorite students, though you probably didn’t realize it. Hufflepuffs seldom do.”
“God, let’s,” John said. He used his grip to tip Sherlock’s head back, and grazed his lips and teeth over the exposed, soft skin of his throat. Sherlock made that sound again, his adams-apple bobbing, and John had to just close his eyes and breathe for a moment.
“My parents—you probably don’t know. They fought against Voldemort during the Years of Terror. I don’t know everything they did, but I do remember when I was very small, we were always moving, sleeping in loads of different strange houses all the time, that kind of thing. We only settled down after we heard the news about the boy who lived. Anyway, that Christmas we found out—Mycroft did, actually—that some of their old enemies were ascendant again and plotting to assassinate my parents.”
But Sherlock actually cracks a smile. He meets my eyes, and the smile warms, and something bubbles up in me.
He opens his eyes and gives me a long, level look, then lets go of my hand and goes to rummage in the desk drawer. “We’re leaving,” he says. “Better bring the gun.” He comes up with Irene’s phone—the live one. I get the gun from its hiding place and tuck it into my waistband under my jacket. We leave the flat and go down the stairs. To my surprise, he takes my hand again in the foyer, and we go out like that, into the night.
John finished in the shower and turned off the water, then came back into the bedroom. Sherlock tried to project an air of “sleeping” rather than “sulking”. No way to be sure whether John was fooled, but his footsteps drew closer to the bed, and then he got under the covers again and spooned up against Sherlock’s back. Apparently he didn’t care that Sherlock hadn’t washed yet. Sherlock gave up his charade to hug John’s arms against his chest, and John nuzzled the back of his neck with a tickle of warm breath.
The air of his voice in Sherlock’s ear is oddly cold. Sherlock just has time to notice it before his body obeys the command.
I’ve often suspected Sherlock of being secretly fond of children, but he hangs back, now, and lets the police take the lead in getting the kids packed off. He is outwardly unperturbed, but in a quiet moment I steal a glance and catch him frowning, eyes narrowed in abstracted thought.
My lips open to him in defiance of all rational thought, and he gives a little inhale of surprise. Recovering, he presses his advantage, and now we come to the part where his tongue is in my mouth, though not in any vulgar, teen-aged way. He comes in gently, curious, decorous. Churlish to refuse. I let my tongue-tip touch his, just at the threshold, then retreat. He follows and, God, but he is
Out on the street, he recognizes the cab that pulls up by its number plate and by the scrape on its left front fender. The cabbie is someone new, though, which is curious. He can’t see much of the man from his seat in the back, but by the tag sticking out the back of his cap, he can’t have been a cabbie for long. Perhaps something has happened to the cab’s usual driver. Sherlock makes a mental note to follow up.
It’s not that I think I have any claim on Sherlock’s attention.  I mean, nothing good would come of his focusing it on me, anyway.  I’m only an actor.  But the thing is, Jim Moriarty is also only an actor, a setup, a lie, and Sherlock lights up like Christmas at the mere thought of him.
A figure coalesces in the mist, and Sherlock’s heart trips over itself as he knows, without even seeing the face, that it is Moriarty, this specter, come to taunt him, come to tantalize him with Panopticon and no answers.
I went to the exhibit. I saw the painting: the cataract plunging into a spumy cauldron, roiling down between sheer stone banks strewn with bare, toppled trees like skeletal hands. You can hear the thunder of the falls ringing among the cliffs. I spent a long time looking at it. It’s the place where Sherlock Holmes, the original character, died, or was meant to die, taking Moriarty with him. It was only the public outcry that made Doyle bring him back. They displayed the painting alongside Paget’s original illustration of the two characters wrestling on the precipice.
Sherlock was still wearing his old trousers, a few of them let out an inch or two, and there wasn’t much to see when he was wearing a shirt and jacket. But one morning John walked into the bedroom to find a freshly-showered Sherlock standing in front of the mirror, stepping out of a pair of trousers and tossing them onto the bed. Two more pairs lay discarded next to them.
Sherlock’s deep chuckle was contagious. When they’d stopped laughing, Sherlock sat up. “In that case,” he said, “I think it’s time for pudding.”
“I missed you too,” John said, but his eyes traveled over Sherlock’s long, familiar form. Something was slightly different. The buttons on Sherlock’s pearly grey shirt were strained more than usual. And his trousers looked tight, even for Sherlock. John crossed the room and sat next to him, leaning in for a perfunctory kiss. “Harry’s fine, if you were wondering.”
"Come here." Sherlock had whispered, and John thought he had sounded unsure and slightly scared, as if afraid John would deny him. After hearing his tone, John had quickly climbed onto the bed and allowed Sherlock to pull him so that they were now back to chest. It felt strange to have someone laying beside him or, in Sherlock's case, wrapped around him.
"Take my card." Sherlock told him, the thought of John using the money Sherlock had earned from all of his cases gave him a warm feeling. He was proving to John that he could and would take care of him. And though he knew what that feeling entailed and were that thought process would lead him to, he didn't feel the urge to run and hide. He couldn't stop the loving smile from appearing on his face.
"Do you leave your windows open when you go on holiday?" Sherlock asked once they had gotten to the back of the apartment nodding towards the open window as he backed up enough to get a running leap at the ladder. He easily climbed the ladder and made his way to the open window.
"But the evidence." John stated weakly. "You said that the bedroom door was locked form the inside, and you had to clime down the balcony just to get in." He said watching Sherlock open a suitcase and began rummage through it.
"The most dangerous man you've ever met, and not my problem right now." Sherlock growled out. "On my desk, the number!" He ordered walking back over to the couch.
"And a doctor." He told her preying she didn't hear the nervous tone in his voice, and if she did that she believed it was him being nervous of getting the job or not.
"I like company when I go out, and I think better when I talk aloud." He admitted. "The skill just attracts attention, so..." He joked happy when John laughed. "Problem?" He asked when John still hadn't gotten up to take his coat.
"No, I think he's brilliant enough. I love the brilliant ones. They're all so desperate to get caught." Sherlock informed him.
"Fantastic." John breathed out, once again not realizing he has said anything, causing a light dusting of pink to appear on Sherlock's face when he turned to look at him before moving over to him.
"So he got a Tube back to the office?" She asked. "Why would he get a taxi into town and then the Tube back?"
"You tell me." The man said looking up at him from the book with a dark look in his eyes. John glared at him before turning around and started heading back towards the car. He was done. He wanted nothing more to do with this man. And the next time he saw the man, he would get a face full of cane. "I imagine people have already warned you to stay away form him, but I can see from your left hand that's not going to happen." John stopped at that and flexed his left hand. What about his hand?
"I need to go to the bank." Sherlock announced shooting from his chair. He removed his coat and scarf from the closet, put them on, and then, without thought, grabbed John's coat. When he realized what he did, he acted as if it was on purpose and helped John into it before taking his hand and leading him out of the flat.
"So, out of 300 people, I'm sure you were able to narrow it down. So, who is it meant for?" John asked and Sherlock smirked at him.
"He was waiting for the killer." Sherlock interrupted him with annoyance clear in his voice. "He'd been threatened."
Everything from realizing it was the cabbie, to using the GPS to track down Sherlock, to shooting the cabbie, to now standing outside the taped off zone near where they had Sherlock was a blur of adrenaline. Part of John wondered if it even happened or if he had just made it up.
Sherlock was sitting in the kitchen, bent over the microscope: a familiar, comforting sight. John set down the shopping and dropped a kiss onto Sherlock’s thick, dark curls, threaded faintly with silver. “Any progress?”
Sherlock gave an annoyed huff, but John could tell it wasn’t genuine. “It’s not much,” he protested.
One memorable month, during which cases were few and far between, Sherlock kept them busy sampling meals and desserts at every restaurant in London that owed him a favour. After three straight weeks of sumptuous food, John wrapped an arm around Sherlock in the kitchen one morning and stopped in his tracks.
Still, the revelation caused John to take stock. The next morning he stood in front of the mirror, examining the not-so-little bit of pudge on his own frame that was causing difficulty in buttoning his jeans. He’d certainly put on a few pounds of happy relationship weight – his belly was noticeable even under his heavy jumper. He vowed to take better notice of his eating habits, and dug an old pair of trainers out of the closet. When he put them on and went for his first run in months, Sherlock didn’t comment – just chuckled and poked John’s belly in passing. “Don’t be too long,” he said, settling into his chair with his laptop.
