"We created joy, peace where we went. I, with my music, showed the world what it could become. They painted me on murals, in the skies of their churches, they made me more babish but that was okay! They sang the songs I taught them, that is, until I fell in love. Faith. Beautiful, archangel of heavenly grace. She was the most powerful and only archangel there ever was, the lord looked upon her and thought she was perfect."
"What? The obvious haunted house ended up being haunted?" Chamuel replied with sarcasm dripping from his words like poison.
"Don't give it to him," he hissed, "I need to make sure he's legit," Bodhi turned on his heels and pushed into the home.
"Millie!" Gretchen shouted, the little girl clung to the horse, having been strapped into the saddle to keep her from falling. Tears raced down her cheeks as her straw colored hair fell in her face, screaming and wailing as the pack continued to chase the other horses. Snapping their sharp, wolf-like teeth at the animals.
With a howl of joy the wolf tore down a few more streets, Israfil didn't question the demon on his back as he latched onto the man to prevent himself from falling.
"You did?" Danjal inquired, eyeing the man who seemed far more interested in Robin than Danjal liked. He felt the sudden push to protect the archer but Fran turned to look at him again.
"Oh uh, yeah! My friend was supposed to pick me up an hour ago, I think he got stuck in traffic," Sam replied smoothly, pulling his phone from his pants pocket to glance at the time.
He ripped open the DNA test, eyes tracing over the cover letter. He felt a touch of anxiety but didn't show it to the demon,
The one at the front shuttered before stiffening completely straight as if it had suddenly hit rigor mortise. Then the one next to it and the next, Sam blinked and they all stood ominously straight. The sound of the fire alarm blaring was the only noise, when the bodies all shifted slightly. Sam put his arm in front of Bailey as if to protect her, he could feel dread rolling into his veins like a sickness.
He pulled his phone back out and made for the mirror. His cheek sported a large purple mark, his lip looked a little swollen as well. His nose had dried blood caked on it, he couldn't remember being punched in the nose but he sure felt it. He couldn't believe how messed up he looked from a single fight.
Within seconds the doors opened, a small angel with shaggy blonde locks made his way into the room. His wings small, his eyes hidden behind large, framed glasses. His olive skin shone and freckled face reminded Jegudiel of a stereotypical nerd from an old movie.
"Oh, he's a nice boy," the woman mused. Abel nodded to her, turning his attention back to Chamuel who was grinning down at him.
Stepping out of the car, gravel crunched under his feet. The bar was small with a neon red and black sign. The flashing red sent a small trickle of dread into the man's broken heart but he didn't care at this point. He passed a crossroads as he pushed his way into the pub, it was larger looking inside with a handful of posters on the wall. He could hear swing playing overhead which was an odd choice for a bar.
"Well he was a therapist," Ancitif pointed out, the room was white with a single twin bed, a few posters and a couple more tanks that held snakes, tarantulas and lizards.
"I...this is hard to admit," he started, "but Cham I…" He stopped, seeming to think deeply about asking the question as if he expected Chamuel to be opposed to it, "do you think I'd be less of a man if I had a kid?"
"Probably in Alice and wonderland world," Donnie said, his eyes troubled as he pulled the metal machine off the angel's arm and set it with a grunt to the floor. He got to his feet, running his hands over his jeans. Israfil leapt up with a laugh, stretching his arm.
"I'm...not completely sure, but I...think I might have feelings for Abel," just saying those words made him feel high, a mix of anxiety and pure Bliss at saying it out loud for the first time.
The screen glitch again, Baal watched her poke the map a few more times as the app on the phone closed completely.
"And he's all you think about?" Israfil asked Chamuel groaned in response, "Chammy, I'll tell you what you told me all those years ago,"
"Abel!" He shouted, watching in horror as the werewolf entered the thin ice. It raced towards the other at a speed the angel wouldn't be able to match without flying.
"No!" He shouted, but Donnie was already on his two feet. Snarling loudly as the police got ready to fire.
He wanted more than anything to tilt the others head up, to taste his lips again, but silently he was afraid. Even now, as they sat in comfort together waiting for the last of the people to leave, he could see how broken Arphaxat had made the man. He didn't want to confuse the other, hurt him more than he already was. After all, it was only a day ago the demon and him broke up. Pushing for Abel to be with him didn't feel right but he couldn't stop the desire that coursed through his veins.
"So you...know him…?" Cain whispered, pointing to Abel, his eyes glowing as if he had just met his hero.
Now he sat dazed and confused, staring blankly at his phone as he attempted to understand how two grown men vanished, not just normal men either. One saved the world and the other could break your neck in one swift movement. Shaking his head in frustration, letting loose a loud breath.
Castiel shook his head, reaching up to brush Dean's hair upwards in a gesture of comfort but the hunter stood up before the angel's hand could get too close. He paced back and forth again, watching as Arphaxat took Abel on a longer journey. What deal would be next? He paced a few more times, eyes on the ground as he attempted to run through what he could do to break Abel out of his own head.
Abel's hands shook as he gripped the leather wheel, having just barely made it out without being caught. He glanced at Chamuel who leaned against the window, his head pressed to the cold glass.
There Fran sat, only a few steps away from him. A small table with a large golden blanket draped over it, in the middle was a stack of tarot cards. A large glass ball on an expensive looking stained glass bottom settled beside the cards, it twinkled in the light of the planet beside him.
He gagged and choked against the metal of the weapon in his mouth, trying desperately to push it out with his tongue. The taste of iron pumped down his throat, washed against his tongue.
"I'm Danjal," the man said with a smile towards the pair, "this is Robin. You two wouldn't happen to know Abel would you?"
“Its what My dad would do! And Abel!”, fear flooded through his veins as he spoke. His heart pounding so rapidly in his chest he feared it would burst. Sucking in air to combat the fear, thinking about what his father would do the man grabbed the handle of the door. It felt like ice against his skin, closing his eyes as he waited for the worst he threw open the door with such force it knocked against the wall beside him.
"Ah yes, the most predictable month," Bailey grinned, pushing her sunglasses down on her nose to give him a playful wink. He laughed at this, shaking his head.
Donnie didn't answer, Israfil picked at his hands in an attempt to keep his anxiety down as they walked through downtown New York.
“I have to warn him, I have to--” Slamming a closed fist on the ground he sat on, glaring into the deep, dark puddle that sat before him. He was surrounded by trees, all growing tall and dense.
Abel's eyes flew open, he laid in the middle of a grassy clearing. No sounds could be heard as he found himself looking up at a starless night. Grass under him felt wet with dew, the warm air burned his cheeks softly.
After this they were off, going from one part of town to the other. Yanking demons off the streets, into the back of their van before dragging them back into the storage unit. Bailey was shocked at just how strong the demon king was, she sometimes forgot he even was a demon. Despite his big frame the man was softer than a cartoon bear, yet she watched in complete shock as he turned from a kind man to this brute. Part of it scared her, yet, the other part loved it!
Ancitif smiled wide, jumping off the seat, grabbing his now full cup of soda and smashing it against Danjal's glass with a laugh.
Bailey waved a hand in the air, Israfil had never noticed the heart tattoo on the woman's wrist. Her hand had been bandaged up from the fight with the Howler the night before.
"Behind her!" He turned towards Mishka, "we need to move, come on," he grabbed his bag from the floor and his bat.
Mishka's voice broke over his thoughts, he looked towards her with a puzzled expression, they were all his age. They all seemed to enjoy each other's company, yet Cain often felt years ahead of his peers.
"I'll get'cha a skull, you can hold it up while you ask Danjal to let down his hair or...whatever happened in that play, I've only seen it once,"
"What's got you so worked up? I know it's hard waking up to my ugly mug every day but you don't gotta cry about it," Abel teased
A large crack ran down its center as if it were dropped from a great height. She picked it up, examining it for a few seconds. The case was a soft orange, with a picture of Abel and Chamuel under the case. Another picture of Sam's son beside it, and beside this was a picture of a man who looked strikingly similar to Abel. Dean maybe?
"This is for me?" Robin interrupted, reaching forward and gently taking the stuffed toy from the other.
“Yeah that idiot award,” Chamuel teased, clicking the green button on the screen and holding the phone up.
"Come get it, asshole!" Abel shouted, the monster charged him. Abel leapt out of the way only for butch to grab his leg just as he was about to vanish over the edge. Abel shouted in shock as he was dragged into the hole, grabbing the side of the pit.
"Isn't this...Lucy didn't…" He couldn't find the proper words as he looked down at the drink, the blonde held it out to him.
Robin blinked in surprise, giving him a look of shock, "N-No!" He spluttered, Danjal laughed and grinned brighter though a part of him felt hurt. Why did it hurt suddenly? The thought of the other being with someone else? He was Robin's Lionheart but he didn't fully understand what it meant to be a Lionheart to a king. He saw it as a knight, a knight didn't fall in love with the king though. Yet all the rest seemed to be following that direction, didn't they?
Chamuel smirked, "you're a king to me," he added but Abel had already fallen into the darkness of sleep. Chamuel let out a breath, the LionHeart let his own eyes fall closed against the soft twinkling lights above.
"Crying is good!" Donnie chuckled, "you have no idea how often Paul cries," Donnie laughed out. Grinning down at the other, Israfil smiled up at him. The light in his eyes returned as he let his head rest against Donnie's chest, closing his eyes and listening to his friend's heart beat.
"You cool, dude?" Paul asked, "You look like you saw the ghost of great Nan!" he chuckled, Donnie didn't answer him as he glanced down to the small trinket in his hand. It was a switchblade, the words 'Fran' were written on the black cover of the blade in gold. He pressed the small black button on the side causing it to flip open, eyes wide at the golden blade that glimmered in the light.
Donnie shoved the last bag into the back of the car, He held Israfil's guitar in one hand as he slammed the door shut. The neck of the guitar had snapped off during the fight, Donnie wrapped it up in duct tape to keep it in one piece. He placed it on the front seat, staring at it for a few heart beats. Israfil's favorite button up shirt was wrapped around the back of the seat, the angel had left in the car by accident and now it was just a second grim reminder that the angel was gone.
Robin felt his face flush from the sudden praise, stroking Alan still as he attempted to not look at the other.
"Hey, come on, let's check the car lot," Cham stood up, tugging at Abel as he went, "if we sit around feeling sorry for ourselves we won't get anything done,"
Abel took a few steps away from his brother, this thing was after him, not Cain. If he wanted the Chamulet he'd have to come after him and him alone.
"This is going to hurt like a bitch, but this should numb you up a little," he whispered, pushing the shot into the man's back causing the angel to hiss. He picked the vodka up, tossing the top to the floor and pouring it over the man's open wounds. Chamuel let out a screech of agony as hot fire filled through his body, Cain placed the bottle in front of the angel and started to clean what he could. He didn't usually use Vodka, but he hadn't been prepared for this big of a wound.
The two turned and started to make their way out of the parking lot. The snow started to fall, Abel shook violently causing the angel to reach a hand forward and took Abel's hand in his own. Racing his fingers through the others, squeezing it lightly.
The monster roared in anger, leaping at the two. Chamuel sent a shot of power at the creature, sending it flying backwards. The two didn't need to exchange a word as they  turned and took off down the steps, racing the opposite way of the structure.
With that she turned on her heels and made for the front desk where the nurse had returned only a few seconds ago.
It howled painfully as the sharp glass from the bulbs slashed up its fur and flesh. Abel scrambled away, it shook its giant head before glaring at the hunter who sucked air in as if he'd run a mile.
Bailey sighed, pulling her phone out and groaning at the lack of signal before flipping on the flashlight.
The guitar glowed softly, Abel moved a hand over the strings that turned into a brilliant gold from his touch.
"Do you know a Butch?" He asked, pulling his phone out and showing the picture that Sam had sent to him. Arching an eyebrow at the demon, She tilted her head before nodding slowly.
"Least I wouldn't have to worry about anyone being at the funeral." He started, feeling anxiety pinch his skin as he started to playfully insult the other, "Even with a closed casket they could smell your BO!"
Colors flashed over his vision for a heart beat, did Arphaxat drug him? He couldn't have. Abel hadn't seen the man touch any of his drinks.
"My king, you have really--" she stopped, staring at Mishka. Her voice coming out in an angry whisper, "she is not the blue eyed, blonde angel,"
The rabbit didn't fight him, nuzzling into his white lab coat the doctor glanced around for something to patch the animal's leg up. He raked the area he was in for anything that could be used, large leaves, cobwebs, he'd even take trash at this point if it wasn't too dirty. The doctor held the rabbit close, using the bottom of his lab coat to put pressure on the leg, attempting to stop the bleeding as he walked forward through the water.
"What did you do?" Cain whispered, looking completely stunned. For a heartbeat, Abel couldn't believe what he was looking at. It was as if he had just dashed the world in the glow stick liquid but it was far brighter, it felt warm almost.
Sam rolled his eyes at this, looking down at the ground with his lips pressed together. She stopped and grabbed his arm, he turned to look at her with a puzzled expression.
"Ah, just-- want a family. Yaknow? Winchester bloodline an' all," he laughed, "sounds stupid now that I say it again,"
"Alright Born Again team," Abel stood in front, holding a golf club in one hand. Using it to point to the map that was settled on the corkboard as he had done the night before. His face more a mess than Cains, the hunter held a busted lip, split nose and large black and purple marks on his cheek but he didn't give them much notice as he spoke.
Abel didn't have enough time to react, the woman leapt at him. He gasped, pain hot as fire shot through him as she swung a large kitchen knife, blood rolled down his arm. She swung again, Abel backed up.
"Do...you think Faith made a mistake picking me?" Abel's voice hardly a whisper, Chamuel blinked a few times in surprise. "Yaknow. I ain't...Jesus, I'm not some big, macho tough guy...I'm...hardly a man,"
Abel pocketed the phone, not answering as they climbed up a few sets of stairs before making it towards the third floor. Green and red plants lined the walls of the hallway, their flowers wilted as if no one had watered them for a time. A fly landed on Cain as he walked up to his apartment door, swatting the bug away. Abel stood beside him, he glanced at Cain who grabbed the handle. His knuckles turned white as he clenched the metal.
"The eclipse will come, the grace that Faith has harvested to protect the planet will be eaten by the darkness. Your powers will reach their highest point, from there the killing will start."
The angel didn't question this, pulling his phone out and tossing it to Abel. He linked his headphones to the other's phone quickly and hit the speed dial. Uriel answered without hesitation,
"Well I've seen them in person," The chubby child laughed, crumbling the paper in his hands before dropping it to the floor and stepping a dirty shoe over it.
Abel fell quiet, looking down at the ground and around him. He looked as if he'd gone crazy with the way he was looking about.
"I'll let ya'll talk about that," Abel said with a grunt, getting to his feet and making for the door. Israfil didn't argue as he watched the man leave, turning to Chamuel who looked dazed.
"Use the shampoo and conditioner in the red bottles," she said with a smile as she left the bathroom leaving him to his business. Bailey threw herself on the bed, starting to go through the notifications on her phone.
Cham's hand slowly started to glow a soft pink, which caught Abel by surprise, but he didnt question it. The first raccoon raced up but with a quick movement, the raccoon screamed in agony before collapsing to the ground. Covered in a pink light, a large black blob of sludge like substance came flowing out of the animal, the sludge screamed at Abel, causing him to stumble back slightly, closer to Chamuel.
The demon snapped his fingers, Abel blinked in surprise as something appeared in his open palm. A penis, it was still warm and covered in blood as if someone had just chopped it off and handed it to him. It's blood ran down the hunter's arm causing him to yowl in fear and surprise, stumbling as he dropped it.
"Too much!" Israfil groaned, stepping off the warm bed and rubbing his eyes. He wasn't used to a hangover, his stomach turned at the smell of food that came from downstairs.
Donnie whimpered at the words, glancing to the brunette beside him and back. The angel nodded and shrugged at Donnie before grabbing the passenger seat door and swinging inside. Donnie glanced towards Bailey with a puzzled look on his features
"Don't look in the mirror yet, I'm going to get your hoodie washed," she said, collecting the yellow fabric. Making her way out of the room and nearly running into Norma, the blonde woman waved at her as she ran past and towards the laundry room.
“You want it, Baal? Come get it!” She screeched at him, her nails jetting out of her fingers into sharp points that turned to a dark black near the tips.
Baal hesitated before turning and swiftly making for the van. Bailey hopped into the back, sitting on the floor. Israfil leapt into the passenger seat beside Donnie who was typing something into his laptop.
"What is it?" Jasmine asked her brother, he could feel her scanning his thoughts but he wasn't sure either. He looked to her and towards a teacher who was shouting for the children to be quiet, the lights flickered on a few heartbeats later. His phone kicked back awake, the screen flashed as if it had been shut off completely.
Bailey watched as the tawny skinned woman came creeping into the kitchen. Blood dotted her hands, she looked as if her mind was a million miles away. Making for the sink to start cleaning herself up.
The crowd started to roar with anger at Bailey, the white light trickled in through the wood of the floor and turned to blackness.
"Israfil!" Chamuel said with a grin, the angel floated towards the other. Burying his face into Chamuels chest, hugging him tight and lifting him from the ground. Chamuel laughed at the sudden display of affection, Israfil always knew how to make someone happy with his warm smile and voice of pure gold.
"An last night, with Mishka, it was an accident. My phone went off at midnight with a stupid birthday ringer I always forget about, she asked and well...you know Mishka, she told everyone she stopped by," He chuckled nervously, looking at the blonde with a small frown.
Relief flooded over the teenagers face, "you got it, Cham!! Can I call you Cham? I’ve been following your twitter for awhile now!”
was written in red marker, he narrowed his eyes at the little piece of brown, earthy looking root that has been stuck to the paper. Popping it into his mouth without hesitation, blinking a few times and shutting his eyes as the bitter taste covered his tongue. It was as if he had taken a bite out of the ground outside.
Police had surrounded the area outside, taping it off, having pictures taken, chatting with one another. When she came up they allowed her in, she spotted Donnie's camera in the hands of a short detective, his partner writing something on a notepad as they looked over the impressively small piece of equipment.
The shadow under him shuttered, moving lightly under the other's feet before it flew at the ceiling. The black shadow covered over the large circular camera, cutting the view of the doctor. He sucked in a few breaths, closing his eyes his hand glowed against her skin. Gulping in air as the blackness slowly seeped from her skin and ran into the palm of his open hand racing up his arm vanishing in his Carmel skin. his shadow returned to him only a heartbeat later.
The rabbit didn't move as the doctor removed his hand from it, grabbing both ends of the spiky trap and yanking. A few shots of pain in his palms from the sharp spikes that lined it, he knew it wasn't the correct way to open them but he had never had to open one before. Recalling a few old cartoons he'd seen with the traps for reference as it let out a whine and opened. The hare pulled its leg out, placing it tentatively on the floor only to scream out in pain again, Cain dropped the trap and stood up.
He turned on his heels as rage burned deep into his gut, he made a split second decision. One he hoped wasn't a mistake. Snatching a cue stick from the top of the bright green fabric of the pool table and holding it out like a baseball bat.
The picture changed to a large church with great stained glass walls and a cross settled in the middle. Though it was mostly shapes Donnie silently was astonished by the level of detail that it showed, he knew Israfil made every shape in his mind and translated it using his grace but the others vivid imagination always surprised the wolf.
"Come on," Abel said, Chamuel grabbed the other's hand as they ran out of the apartment and down the busted in hallways. The mirror world allowed them to race over the once dangerous path, move through the flames until they came to a lower floor where the fire hadn't fully touched. The Adinkra shone as they jumped from the mirror and back into the loud chaos of the burning building.
They took a few turns, the hunter focused hard as he tried to recall the directions without setting up his phone. Knowing Chamuel would understand what the surprise was immediately before they even got there if he looked at the gps. They drove deep into the city, the angel gasped at all the beautiful lights that drowned out any sadness in the air, the snow whizzed like fireflies past his helmet. The cold air tickled his nose, turning it red. He pushed closer to the other's warmth, letting his head rest on Abel's back. He smiled wide as he watched the world move by in a blur of light, color, music and laughter, people all around enjoying the Holidays with their family. His mind started to wander, heart skipping a few beats when he heard Abel shout to him against the wind,
"I know it sounds like I'm being a dick but that's literally what's written in his chart," Booker snorted, "Anyways, I gotta go to my shift. But I thought I'd try again to wake you,"
Ancitif thought this question over for a few rapid heartbeats. He didn't want to give the man his actual name, the fellow might see this as an opportunity to ask more invasive questions the demon didn't feel he had the energy to answer. He leaned back against the bag on his back, the arrows settled awkward against his spine.
Chamuel scrambled, attempting to find anything to break out of the fire. He looked back to Abel. The hands were dragging him towards the end of the building, his fingers dug into the rocks. He fought hard against them,
Chamuel smiled at her, but he felt a jealousy burning in his chest that he fought back. He couldn't be mad at her, after all, he knew Mishka wasn't interested in Abel in that way. They're just having fun, right?
"Hey...Fran, this is your stop," Ancitif whispered, he prodded the man a few times only for his heart to stop. He wasn't breathing.
Everyone stared at Israfil with wide, fearful eyes. Causing the angel to shrink under their gaze, "that's what it says," he said with a shrug.
“Beautiful!” The man frowned now as he noticed the stain on his clean floor and rugs, turning his attention to Ancitif.
His vision was blurred, vibrant, he was seeing spots now that changed color with every breath he took. What was happening? The Impala roared to life as he pulled into the empty street, it didn’t take long for Donnie to realize that Abel wasn’t fit to drive.
"I guess," Abel agreed, going to race his fingers through his hair only to be stopped by the flowers. Wincing as he felt another thorn at the top of the crown, looking at the small hole in his hand. A tiny drop of blood rolled down his palm, rubbing his hand against the grass below.
He shut his eyes as he attempted to think, what did he have to lose doing this with Cherm? After all, that is what he was meant to do. His entire life he was meant to do this.
Baal pulled over, not wanting the archangel to rip his door from it's handle. His eyes returned to normal as he jumped from the car, racing towards the Impala, cursing himself for not riding with the other. For all he knew something attached itself to Abel and was now making him it's lunch.
"Yeah well, Mishka told me it was your birthday and I felt...as your uncle I should, maybe give you something,"
"I...wanted to apologize for snapping at you the other day," he whispered, "I also wanted to ask are...there more reformed demons? Demons like you and Rooster?"
Cherm laughed again, he launched himself upwards. His body contorted as he turned into the shape of a dark dragon, the dragon's head leaned down to Cain.
The large wooden church was a wreck, with blood covering the floor, pews tossed about and broken with a body settled in the center. Badger held the camera to the floor to show the dust that had once been the angel's body and moved his camera to Mammon's corpse.
"So...only a king can use it?" Cain asked, he couldn't keep the fear out of his voice. He had been told his entire life he was the King, angels were wrong and he was meant to be the chosen one, was his friend lying? Was this a trick?
"Issy," he murmured, the angel glanced towards him. His smile bright, Donnie sighed, the man's smile sent a small river of warmth over his chest that broke apart the ever existing fear of what was to come.
"Prove it, you can trick Iggy but not me!" Puffing out his chest the blonde teen crossed his arms over his chest, glaring down at Abel who seemed to post the biggest threat with the baseball bat still slung over his shoulder.
He went to get his card but she placed her phone over the scanner, it beeped softly. Why did she pay? What was her game? Cain pondered this as they made for the end of the bar, waiting for their coffee. She continued to chat with the people behind the bar, she reminded him of Abel but with a more charismatic nature to her. Abel always seemed to act as if he were on a stage doing a performance but Mishka was more passive about it. As if she was used to being the center of attention.
Both men shared a quick glance with each other as Mishka flipped to the page before the prophecy, a printed out picture of black and white of what seemed to be an angel. With glowing hands and eyes, standing in front of him a skeleton of a king. His king's crown sat escue on his head. It was grainy, an old polaroid of what seemed to be a book.
Everyone murmured to one another as if they didn't believe it, Israfil let out a soft breath. The lights flickered a few times in the church causing the crowd to fall silent as the angel floated up in the air, the golden light from the sun turned the angel's eyes to a honey color as his wings extended from his back. Coming out as a quick shadow as if just to show a light peak of the angel's power. Everyone gasped, murmuring to one another in fear.
"Ah fuck, I forgot, gross," he shoved the others feet away from his face and sat up. Pain prickled through his arms, specifically his batting hand.
He pushed through the rotating bars, glancing at the ticket counter. It was all digital now, bringing up a large touch screen with the schedule and all the different trains he could take. It felt overwhelming to him as he tried to figure out where he even needed to go. He pressed a button at random, scanned his vessel's credit card and stood back. Alan let out a small huff at the movements, his claws digging into the demon's yellow hoodie. A ticket popped out, Ancitif snatched it up. Adjusting the bow that was wrapped around his frame, the man made for the large car.
"Just...I need a second, then I think I...need some sleep," The angel whispered through Abel hardly heard it over the roar of the wind. He watched the blonde step back towards the bike away from him, the blue light from his phone showering his face as he left. He felt anger flooding from Arphaxat, he knew he'd be punished for it all later. Yet, part of him was overjoyed he finally got to kiss the angel. He couldn't remember the last time a kiss ever made his head spin.
"Or maybe I just know what I'm doing," He replied bluntly, she blinked a few times in surprise. Pressing her lips together before moving attention back to the group. He felt Danjal give him a confused look but ignored it.
His face held a serious expression with a furry, large mustache that covered his lip making it near impossible to tell the others expression. Grey hair dotted in the demon's large beard, skin a cool white, he wore his hair neat and combed back, his eyes looked tired as he stepped back to let the demon in.
"We still have Abel's soul," Lucifer said from where he stood in front of Cain, his large, clawed hand had ripped through the doctor's abdomen coming out the other side. Cain couldn't do anything, every breath was agony, he could feel a coldness in him that he never felt before.
"Abel is still Dean's kid," Baal attempted to comfort the other by hesitantly placing a hand on his arm. "And he's got one hell of an angel on his shoulder."
Dutch poked her head out from under Hahasiah's arm, "Don't worry about it," With that the door slammed shut and the sound of a lock clicking could be heard.
“I did, I was given another chance.” he replied bluntly, turning towards the man behind him before setting eyes back to the long haired hunter,
"What if...I want a queen?" He murmured, "someone who's loving and warm like mother and...who will watch cartoons with me!"
Abel felt a small spark of relief flash through him, it dawned on him that Chamuel must also be feeling guilty. The only thing he has watched the angel do since the video was released is study, read, and try to understand what he could about the prophecy, the Adinkra. He felt a splash of shame race through his system,
Cain pulled something from his pocket, he glared at it. She recognized it as a tarot card, and he threw it at her. It landed on the floor beside her feet, she leaned down and picked it up.
"Cherm?" Cain gasped out, taking a step back as he looked at the once shadow looking man. Now he looked exactly like Cain, with large horns shooting from his forehead and curving upwards. Sharp, angry teeth stuck out of his lips, his usual orange tinted skin looked pale. Black sludge rolled down the side of his lips, a pair of glasses planted on the creature's face and covered his completely black eyes.
The innocent quickly made for the open hallway where the stairs sat, screaming, crying as they went.
"So what! Obizuth just came to me and dragged me to do this, I don't even want to. I had to call back the dogs before they mauled these two idiot FBI agents with a super soaker!"
The two men looked as if they were high on something, long, spindly arms, skin white as a sheet, their blood shot eyes bugged out as the two chatted, their red hair nearly identical. The strong smell of skunk drifted from their direction, they drank cups of giant coffee with whipped cream dotting the table under them.
Sam glanced at Mishka who was pushing people away from the doors, he found himself growling and grunted as weight slammed into the sliding, plastic doors.
Robin silently wished he had his arrows, he had something! The only thing that he knew was the bull was possessed, the sludge had gotten into its brain and was causing it great pain. He didn't know if he could save the bull but he had to try, he clicked at Arrow with his tongue causing the horse to run faster. They tore around the large, open circular field with the bull on their heels. The sound of clopping hooves was drowned out by the cheering crowd that watched in awe, the bull snorted in rage as Arrow did a quick turn so he could race beside him.
"Leg down," Cain said, going to his knees, the doctor pulled out a small box from the front pocket of his blazer. Sam watched with narrowed eyes as he held the flask up, letting a small bit fall out and onto Cain's head who looked up at him with confusion,
"Baby," Arphaxat murmured, placing a hand on Abel's chin and turning him so they were staring into each other's gaze. The demon leaned forward, planting a soft kiss on the others lips.
The warm sun started to climb up the skies, the angel was hopeful they'd release Abel soon! He needed a warm shower, silently, he also worried about Cain. Mishka had done all but ripped their heads off for what happened,
"Mark! Off!" Ancitif ordered the dog, it looked to the brunette then down to the human under it. With a snort the demonic hound stepped off them, making its way to Ancitif and standing in front of him.
"Anyways, when my brother an one of them wolves got into a bit of a stink and the two passed away well...my folks decided we wanted to reform...that the hunters who killed the two only saw a couple of monsters and my parents didn't want more hunters seein' monsters'. So they changed in hopes to...make it better, and now? Gosh I love humans too much to go back," She breathed, running her fingers through her hair.
"No biggie," He took the crown from the blonde, placing it back on his head and laying back down in the grass, taking in the smells from around him. He swore, it smelled exactly like the baseball field he used to play in when he was in school.
"This is one angry guy!" The announcer yelled out, it's eyes flashing from black to yellow as the animal fought the darkness that pulsed in it's veins. The bull was released into the gates, its head swung around wildly at the sound of cheering seemed to be agitating the beast more. Robin felt a tug on his skin.
Baal hadn't expected what was happening next as Dagmar leaned down with her pair of long handcuffs, snapping one end of the handcuffs to Bailey's wrist and then to Baals making the demon blink in shock.
He didn't fight her, submitting to the woman. She asked him a few light questions, but he mostly replied with one word answers. His leg bounced as she continued to work,
The warrior didn't wait for the redhead to reply, moving as quietly as his large frame could. Keeping low in the odd, sharp bushes that dotted the buildings around them.
A butterfly landed on the smaller demon's head, causing Danjal to chuckle as they walked towards the front gates. A small metal box sat just beside the gate with a green button and a speaker, the pair glanced at one another and back to the box. What would they say? Danjal hadn't thought of that, his mind going back to the Elvis podcast he had been listening to.
He let them go, making for his room with a soft sigh. Collapsing on the bed with a groan of frustration. Pulling out his phone with a frown on his lips, opening up twitter he felt a rush of anger as he scrolled onto SingersSalt's twitter page, their new hashtag was starting to gain some traction and that turned the doctors blood to fire.
"What are these, yo?" Breaker asked, kicking absentmindedly at the thorns causing Danjal to shush the other.
"Oh I'll be at the rodeo, be in my private office too in case you want to help me with some paperwork," she said to him with a wink, anger bubbling over Robin at this point.
She gasped as his thumb lit red from the hot fire, crumbling from the pain she screamed, her arm shook in his grip. She bit her lip, eyes screwing closed as she forced herself to stand still.
"No," He replied flatly. She nodded, taking the clipboard from him and racing after the doctors. Her heels clicked loudly on the floors below.
"Fine," the man grumbled, shutting the door again. Israfil heard the movement of a lock being unhooked and the door swung inward. The man stood tall, with a large beer gut and a blunt tucked behind his ear. His beard was a mess of curls that turned white near the middle from age.
Baal sat down with a huff, the little girl showed no fear as the large man smiled at her behind his bushy mustache.
“Alright!” Abel slammed his phone on the table, the screen flashed a few times before the title screen showed.
Donnie sighed, sitting back in the seat as Paul and his wife ducked their heads together to chat. Her fluffy dark hair fell over his brother's face causing the man to snort out a laugh, the wolf rolled his eyes at this and moved his gaze back to Israfil.
The Impala pulled into Norma's home not long after this, Abel decided to leave the violin in the car as the group got out and made their way to the home. Bailey took the lead up the walkway, grabbing the door and pushing inside. Norma waved at them from where she sat in the front garden, Abel swore he saw shoes being buried into the fresh dirt but shoved this to the back of his mind. She held a small shovel in one hand, a few bags of mulch were settled beside the blonde woman.
Dread so heavy it almost caused the brunette to scream, turning his head back to the puddle. He slammed his hand on the top of it over and over,
The men turned on their heels to see a chubby, blonde kid with wide eyes hidden behind a pair of rounded glasses.
"I'll tell you more, if you admit you like Abel more than a little play thing," she winked at him, the glass in his hand shattered causing everyone to look towards them in the bar.
"Long ago, when me and Faith still roamed the Earth," He started, the picture morphed and moved to fit the scene, showing Israfil and a woman, a few inches taller than him with curly locks. A crown sat on her head that shimmered especially bright.
"How the hell am I going to get the Chamulet if I throw him off a building?" Obizuth asked with narrowed eyes, crossing her arms over her chest and tilting her head down.
The employees gasped in shock, screaming now as they scrambled to stay away from the woman. Her hips swayed as she grinned at the pair, Chamuel's hands lit up as she got closer. Abel glanced down at the desk he stood beside, he grabbed the chair and shoved it forcefully at the woman.
Abel could almost feel Chamuel's anger as she swung the knife again, Abel went down to avoid the blow. Putting both hands on her hips and shoving her backwards.
Ancitif blinked as the men appeared in his apartment, the glow of the reptile lights and soft sound of dripping water from his broken shower brought a light comfort.
Saturday came and went as they continued their studying. The night settled in, Halloween was monday, the two knew that the necromancers powers would be their highest on Halloween night.
"Probably still in his mom's basement, stealing pills again?" Mishka arched an eyebrow at the other, looking more irritated than before. Booker leaned back into the seat, putting their shoes on the coffee table in front of them.
The dogs rammed against the door only to let loose a loud yelp and howl of fear, clicking claws rapidly vanishing as they took off running. Abel and Booker stared in shock at the door, expecting the dogs to come back but instead the doorknob turned a few times. The door fell inward, smashing to the floor with a loud bang. Standing on the otherside was a short man, he wore a fancy suit with a woman standing beside him. They both held crosses in their hands, the woman carried a large super soaker over her shoulder.
"We haven't checked the car lot," Cham pointed out, running fingers through his dirty blonde hair. Abel grunted in response, pulling his phone out and attempting to call Sam again.
"Chamuel…" Sam started, "The guy was smitten the second he saw Abel." He sipped his beer, scratching at his cheek.
"Alright, remember, we just want to talk to him. Maybe bring him back here, for all we know he just got spooked and ran."
"We are lolo for doing this," Danjal whispered to himself before his eyes moved to the horse droppings that had been neglected for the past few days. Covering the grounds around the back of the red barn, he grinned devilishly as a thought wrapped itself through his mind. Breaker seemed to follow his gaze, shaking his head,
The quiet was giving him anxiety now as Baal stepped off the bike, he opened the bag that he kept attacked the motorcycle and pulled out a pair of binoculars.
Abel was shocked by how sincere the man sounded, though the demon's presence still spooked him from time to time he wondered silently if he was judging the man too quickly. After all, he never met a demon. Maybe he was good and his negative energy was something he couldn’t control, and honestly, it wasn’t a bad name.
Norma and Cain stood behind the couch, both leaning on it from the back. Cain rolled a cold can of soda between his palms, Norma fiddled with her phone humming to herself. She had taken many pictures of the group, posting them on her personal twitter with their hashtags. Most, if not all, of the pictures were when the group wasn't paying attention. Blurry pictures, pictures mid laugh, pictures from eating. She loved posting them, their fans seemed to eat them up as well.
Abel took in a few breaths, grabbing his bat and holding it up as he got to his feet again. The creature's massive paws made contact with the thin ice, almost immediately it began to crack. Letting out loud, angry moans under the monster's weight.
"Danjal, please listen!" He said louder this time, trying to make his voice carry. Danjal turned to him but stopped before speaking, he opened his jaw and closed it like a fish gasping for air.
"Wait, Israfil! We can take the car!" Sam shouted but the angel was already racing past him with the guitar and bolting out of the home.
"Now it can possess all these people," Sam finished, the pair both looking at one another in shock. The loud sounds of another screaming could be heard, causing the duo to turn their attention to the front doors. Sam's heart fell as a few more swollen people charged towards the doors.
"You're going with this guy," Abel said to the kids who didn't argue as Chamuel handed the girl to the angel. The man coughed as the smoke billowed from the top, a scream could be heard as the angel grabbed the young boy's hand. They vanished into the air,
His excitement was apparent now as he looked between the two, “Well first thing first! I thought we could give you a cool hashtag. Like, a team name almost!”
The duo made for his apartment, the complex was quiet, dark, despite the Christmas lights that twinkled it felt almost ominous. A reef hung on his unit's door with a large cross in the middle, lights blinking on and off against it's wooden frame.
The voice startled him, almost dropping his phone he had pulled out to set the timer with. Turning on his heels he came face to face with a short man, his chestnut brown hair trimmed short and neat, pushed to the side to give it a modern glow, chocolate brown gaze brimmed with warmth.
"Silver bullet in the heart," Bailey replied, flipping to another page before flipping back. "Not even in the head, says they can regenerate anything but the heart."
"Welp, I guess that's my cue." He said with a small smile. "Issy you want help getting Donnie to bed?"
"Listen here," Obizuth said, placing a hand on her hip, "we talk, me and you, or my lackie here releases these hounds and they go to town on the innocent fucks in this room. Including your little girlfriend,"
“Cham, man! Can you hear me?” Abel asked, leaning down and shaking the Angel lightly. Chamuel groaned painfully, blinking up at Abel.
His entire body vibrated with such excitement he felt the urge to run but forced it down. The wolf in him made running seem a lot more fun than it actually was!
"Finders keepers," she uttered, Bailey glared at the girl but Baal stopped her. She had been a mother but she was never great when it came to other people's kids.
The demon leaned into the other, pressing his lips to Abel's. The hunter relaxed slightly as they kissed, the blonde raced his fingers through the back of Abel's hair as he ran his tongue over the others lips. Abel winced, the cut on his lip hurt but the kissing sent a warmth through him that he felt he needed desperately.
The hum exploded around them before the angel could answer, "we'll figure that out later, come on!" Donnie said, turning and pelting forward. Israfil followed behind him, the guitar felt heavy on his back. Something suddenly felt off, something he couldn't place.
The two cars pulled up to a large gate, the words "Grim's family farm" had been etched into the metal with a picture of a goat under the words. Baal's car moved up to the speaker that settled beside the gate, Bailey leaned out of the front and pressed down on the large red button.
The motel didn't give Chamuel much comfort, the pair swung into the closest cheapest one they could find. A motel six with only a few rooms left due to the uptick in families getting ready to enjoy their upcoming holiday season.
“Oh yeah, when I first came to Earth it was the first thing I did. Israfil always talked it up so I figured I’d learn, ten years under my belt now,”
Neither said anything else as the group turned towards the right, making their way into the vast ocean of green.
Before anyone could react a vivid light washed over Amaryllis' being, the human body morphed to that of a werewolf with snake-like eyes. It glared down at the group with a wicked smile,
All three looked at him in complete shock and awe, Convel had his phone held up. Having live tweeted the entire encounter which made Israfils face turn a shade of red, he smiled bright.
"Hello?" She said into the phone as the silence dragged on, the howl exploded around them again. Sam nearly dropped everything in his hands, 'Donnie!' he thought.
"Mom!" He threw his arms around her, burying his face into her shoulder and letting out a happy sigh. She hugged him tight, grinning wide as her son relaxed in her arms.
After a half hour of driving they followed Donnies car into a small side street that opened to a handful of tiny homes. They couldn’t be bigger than one story homes, they settled among a few trees here and there, some fences, a few kids playing out in the yards. Abel’s eyes traced over the buildings, they reminded him of his small house he turned into a garage yet they had a warmth to them he couldn’t place his finger on.
"Before the door closes," Booker snorted at the confused angel, Chamuel seemed to catch the others' drift leaping to his feet; he practically ran into the room. Abel smiled bright as the angel went to him, immediately hugging the hunter with a soft sob. Abel laughed as he wrapped his arms around the blonde, burying his face into the man's chest and breathing in deep.
"Anyways," Chamuel finally said, ending the conversation "I'm gonna get some sleep," flicking the butt of the cigarette onto the ground of the wooden gazebo with a few others. How many had he smoked? Cain wondered as the angel walked away with his hands in his pockets.
"Yep, that's it." She glanced up at the two with narrowed eyebrows. Her hands dancing over the pages of an old journal similar to the ones they had read through at Sam's.
The inside smelled like a mix of smoke and body odor, the air was thick with the breaths of handfuls of people packed close together. The inside of the bar was small, with a long table that was attached to a backroom. The bartenders were going in and out of the double doors to get more alcohol, cups and napkins. A few people littered the stools that were pushed against the table, drinks in hand, smiles on their lips as they chatted with one another. In the middle of the room was a large open space with a few scattered tables, a band played on a stage that was set against the wall. The beat from their drum could be felt in the ground below his feet.
He looked at her in shock, hesitating, "Baal do it," she said louder this time, nodding at him though he saw the fear in her gaze he knew he didn't have much choice. Once Bailey wanted something she didn't stop till she got it, he closed his eyes and let the heat rush through his hands.
Abel gave the man a lopsided grin at, pulling from his parking spot and following the other car out. Looking in the mirror as the house collapsed in on itself. Flames eating away at the rotten, abandoned wood.
"Well, I've never heard of that," Laszlo laughed, "Ive heard that if one king dies, another will rise to replace them. But I'm not a hundred percent on that, and like I said earlier, some rumored there to be many kings. Kings to bring the world together."
Abel watched the television in front of him with wide eyes, Cain was on the news. His smile filled with spitting hate, his eyes narrowed with such delight it made Abel feel sick. He stood in front of a person who was possessed by the black sludge, the darkness dripped from the fragile looking woman's lips, her eyes sunken in, her lips pulled back in an angry snarl. Her zombie-like state sent chills through his veins, his brother addressed the reporter with such wit and vigor Abel almost didn't recognize him.
"Okay, so we're sharing these," He said, Donnie nodding, pointing out more food to add to the cart. Passing the phone around, all talking over each other as the television blared out the sounds of a movie they decided on.
Bailey rolled her thumb over the nail a few times, a soft warmth flooded through Sam's chest but he shoved it back.
Abel gasped in shock, he's seen Chamuel's wings before but not as a shadow. They were huge, stretching almost completely around the room. Abel stared in awe at the angel, silently admiring the power that seemed to emanate off him. Then suddenly it was over.
"Baal, right?" Dean asked, glancing down at his son's puddle, "I gotta save him, Baal! He can't go to hell,"
"Come on! The wind didn't do that!" Abel huffed, pointing at the book. The phone camera moved from Abel to the book and back to Cham who was rubbing the bridge of his nose.
"Better post a negative review on yelp," joked as he grabbed the handle to the car door and opened it up. His feet hit the ground below and fireflies exploded from under his shoes. Abel gasped and stumbled back, grabbing his chest and rolling his eyes.
"That tv wasn't broken until you got it," Buster said, Israfil looked at the two in confusion before smiling up at the man. He didn't seem to be a threat, though he was bigger the man held no aggression in his face.
"I think I know what I want to wish for," She murmured, Sam blinked in surprise at this looking down at the other. Her gaze always gave him a warm chills that rolled down his spine, causing him to shiver as if cold. For a second, her eyes felt like magic.
It was almost weird to hear Abel say his full name at this point, looking at the man in light confusion. A practice here? He felt a nudge on his arm, glancing back towards the women beside him before turning his attention back to Abel.
"The guy hardly batted an eye at your busted up head," Abel continued as he brushed past Chamuel back towards the home.
Abel didn’t care what the gift was, he silently loved any gift that was given to him. He never got rid of a gift, “I love it though, it’s pretty neat,”
The darkness of the night stretched onward, casting its cold light down upon the farmlands below. The soft neigh of horses could be heard as they trotted lazily in their pens, moving from one side to the other in an attempt to finish their hay before the morning sunrise. The ground underfoot was starting to turn a shade of black from the darkness that rose to the surface, it was causing the animals at the ranch to act erratically. Cherm wondered how it would make the vampires that occupied the place act the more it grew, his deep holly green gaze moved from the sign on the front of the ranch to the floor below.
Getting to his feet he stepped into the golden sunlight and started towards the other, keeping his eyes on the brilliant sunshine in the angel's honey brown gaze. His heart beat rapidly as walked up the path of the church towards the man. For a few seconds he felt dizzy with joy as he stood beside the other, the crowd clapped for the pair. Donnie's heart jumped as Israfil gingerly took his hand, he looked down at the other in shock as he leaned on him.
"Robin got pissed and jealous at me, he packed up and moved and it was like you were suddenly a lost puppy."
she waved a hand dismissively only for the loud clatter of claws against glass caught their attention.
Abel's Adinkra still seemed lost but Baal was on the case, the demon had spent countless hours searching for answers. Dodging the nosy FBI agents who seemed to be a few steps behind them. Though he had an idea where it was he now watched Abel with a frown.
"Don't worry 'bout it, I can do this by myself," the aggression in the others tone made Chamuel's heart sink. What was going on? Why did Abel suddenly seem to not want him around?
Grabbing the handle to his door, he expected to see a client but instead Obizuth leaned on the desk with a smile planted on her lips.
"Guy come on, sooner we find it the sooner we can get home," Abel shouted against the cold wind that blasted against his face.
"Cham," Abel moaned, this sent a shot of warmth and excitement through the angel as he moved his hands up the other's shirt.
"Whoa!" Abel gasped as he jumped from the attic room and landed beside the other. The light is now stronger as the bulbs around them cast warm light every which way. Both men looked back down at the hole before shrugging.
The day came and went, the group worked to get new pictures for their Twitter, using Abel's bat and salt as their signature pieces as well as a few candid shots of the two 'hunting'. Making sure not to write in any loopholes, Sam started writing everything down in a journal similar to other hunters journals. But this one, this was going to be a unique one! He could feel it in his gut. Much like the supernatural books he and Dean had to deal with it almost felt like he was starting a chapter in his own Bible.
"At...least he's on our side," Sam whispered, Baal shook his head, "He is. But war, war isn't controlled, Sam. War doesn't care if you're rich, poor, angel, human, war will destroy everything in its path. That's why the archangel of war was created, to bring the world to its knees."
"No shot needed, rats can't carry rabies and honestly? You probably had a tetanus shot recent enough," Cain winked playfully at Sam before standing up fully.
Chamuel looked down at his own body, he was covered in the glow. Letting his fingers brush some of the still wet paint like substance off his skin. It spotted his clothes, danced in his sandy blonde hair, glowing vibrant in the ever deep blackness. His eyes moved from the beds to the ceiling and everywhere in between until finally, he looked to Abel. The man grinned from ear to ear, his face and hands covered in smeared glowing paint, he could see it dripping from an empty plastic tube in the hunters grip. Abel was also covered in the stars, green eyes reflecting the light like a Christmas tree.
“When Iggy saw you two he told me he was going to give this to you,” Marshall said, putting a hand on the guitar. “It was Iggy’s favorite thing in the world so I wasn’t sure why but...now I think I understand,”
"Break it," Abel said, War sparked into the angel's gaze. Turning to the door, war slammed his foot into the strong wood. The door crumbled inwards and was kicked off its hinges, being thrown across the room. The loud crying of a child could be heard, Abel followed the Adinkra as it guided him through a small living room.
Bailey sat in the front seat of the van, Baal filled her in on what he thought was happening. He worried a demon was manipulating Abel, acting as a friend or worse. This sent Bailey into a rage,
"Issy, toss stuff into bags! I gotta talk to Robin!" He called to his friend tossing the keys into the air, Israfil leapt up and caught them with a laugh.
"I don't know who did it but they did the same to Bailey, I also found similar footage of Robin getting his Adinkra. It's a little more sloppy, but--"
"Let's get out of here," he whispered, Israfil nodded numbly. The pair started their rapid walk towards the car, the sun had fallen completely now, turning the tunnels to pitch blackness that the headlamps on their head cut through. Chasing the shadows away from them as Donnie followed the blinking light on his phone, his device was low on battery but he didn't want to scare his friend. He could already see the man was feeling overwhelmed with everything.
Hissing angrily at his legs that throbbed painfully, nearly falling back as he coughed a few more times. The air seemed to hurt his lungs and throat as his body started to kick back alive, his hands a vivid white but the pink color was returning.
They shared another kiss, Arphaxat got to his feet after a few minutes before glancing in the mirror that sat on the wall. He grinned at the Winchester that was trapped behind the glass, he could see Dean whose face was turned to that of pure rage. The hunter slammed his fist against the mirror but Abel didn't seem to hear as he scrolled through his phone.
"Look, I don't know Abel that well," he continued, "but we don't want to die, we don't want the Earth to die."
Dean ignored the angel, storming towards Chamuel's puddle. Without a second thought he shoved his hand into the water.
Abel held out his phone, rubbing his eye as he attempted to wake himself up. The angel snatched it from him, silently watching the video. His face turned from a neutral expression to horror.
Abel sat down next to the other, the blonde blinked at him a few times. Reaching forward he plucked a shard of glass from Abel's shoulder causing the hunter to wince.
Abel laughed, shaking his head, "I'm just saying though, you've been rejected enough in your life. Go...find yourself another angel," Arphaxat said, waving a hand in the air as if to dismiss the others feeling for Chamuel.
The man was incredibly distracted, despite the sickness that wrecked his body he stood in front of the punching bag with his hands wrapped and determination in his gaze. He wore a black eye that he insisted happened after the fight but Baal wasn't so sure.
"Erm, yeah we're looking for a kid," she said after a few seconds, pulling the picture out from her back pocket.
"Why?" He asked, bewildered by the small demon's words. The demon latched himself onto the others arm, refusing to drop him.
They sat in silence for a short time as the tunnels of New York flashed past the two. Ancitif looked down at his feet, they didn't touch the ground like Fran's did. He grimaced, even on Earth he was small.
"Cameron...village?" Donnie whispered, taking his helmet off to ruffle the tight curls that sat on his head "Isn't that...North Carolina? I think?"
"You look the same as the day you saved me," He chuckled, pulling away and placing a hand on the angel's shoulder. "Well, except the hair! Didn't you use to be blonde?" He chuckled, running his fingers through the angel's wavy locks.
"Shit, must be teenagers," Donnie groaned, Israfil looked stunned from the kiss. His head dizzy as warmth flooded his body.
"Guys where's the fire?" Chamuel asked as the pair went for the stairs, Bailey stopped and glanced towards Chamuel.
The City of New York opened around him, his wings flashing light against the large buildings that kissed the skyline. Blue hues moved from one side of the city to the other as he attempted to locate a hospital, he spotted one not far off. Without a care if the innocent saw him he dove, landed hard on the concrete outside of the large white building, lights illuminated the front entrance like a pathway to Heaven. The ground under his feet blasting downward from the impact, the blonde turned and raced for the front doors that slid open with a soft hiss. The strong smell of sanitizer flashed over his being as the pure white room opened before him. Sitting behind bulletproof glass against a wall was a nurse with bright red lipstick that shone against her oak colored skin.
“What happened to the janitor,” Chamuel whispered, tears falling down his cheeks as he looked up to his friend. Their faces and clothes covered in blood, the school around them looked torn up. Every locker Chamuel had flown past had their doors yanked off of them and laying in a scattered mess along the floor.
“I’m not exactly used to working and being around other people,” He admitted, Chamuel could see the red on his pale face, causing the few freckles that dotted his skin to stand out.
"Abel isn't fit to be king, I am." He said directly at her as if she were the brother he found himself hating.
He knew Abel, he tried to imagine what Mishka would have said if she were there. He wished she had been there. He sighed again, hugging the rabbit close.
"No, just trust me," Sam said quickly. That was enough for Bailey who did a quick turn in the large van.
Israfil followed the small werewolf while Fritz talked into his ear a mile a minute, the angel kept his smile on his face. The company was appreciated even if he wasn't a little weary around the pair. He couldn't complain though, in his time on Earth he'd gotten used to making friends quickly.
"Finally we have the Grotto! Can they hold onto the beast longer than six minutes?" The announcer asked dramatically to the crowd that let out roars of excitement.
He pushed himself against the wall so she wouldn't see him, closing his eyes to catch what she was saying, maybe she's on the phone?
Abel groaned as he sat up to face the angel, who fiddled with tuning Iggy’s guitar. The teens name had been written sloppily on the side in marker.
The man's voice was warm as the sun, holding onto a cane with shaken palms the old man got to his feet. Wrinkled face turned into a smile as he wobbled over to Ancitif.
"If that means fake it, then yeah," Baal laughed, "They're territorial, he was probably trying to scare off your friends. Only one of them, not too strong, and if your friends are always together he might have seen it as a threat,"
The blonde held his hand and pulled him towards the door and outside, lacing their fingers together as they went.
Abel turned on his heels, making his way to the door. Obizuth had vanished, but the red marks remained. He snapped a few quick pictures of them before making his way back to Chamuel.
"Israfil, please! I love you Issy, please, I should have told you. Told you last night. Last week! Please…"
"I...was caught off guard but I played it cool, you know...or I tried. But I don't know, you just grew on me. Maybe because I knew you'd help me change, made me want to not be afraid,"
Abel groaned, his head hurt, his back hurt, his heart hurt. Watery sunlight flowed through the windows of the small guest bedroom, he opened his eyes with a small hum. He felt, so warm, it occurred to him he had weight against him as he was pulled from the hazy dreams. He dreamed normal for once, dreamed of driving, of eating, of the night in the motel room with the stars on the floor and the warmth of the angels hands on his cheeks, the blondes face seemed to be all he dreamed about.
"Well I know what it is," Danjal laughed, running the small pink shell between his fingers. Pulling the necklace over his head and letting the shell drop to his chest.
"Well yes! I won it, at one of the game booths. I figured your body wouldn't always be sore if you slept on your pillow," feeling a prickle of embarrassment roll under his flesh but it vanished when Robin's smile lit up his face in a way that made the kama'aina*  nearly melt. After his conversation with Merlin the feelings he had were starting to hit harder and more aggressively.
They stared at one another, the tension in the room was high. "If it wasn't for me you wouldn't even be in the body of a saint, be grateful," Jegudiel snorted. Rubbing his hands together,
He imagined the man stabbing him, Stabbing Mishka. Ripping her apart. Throwing her lifeless corpse away because she wasn't anything to him. She was just another pawn. But she wasn't. She wasn't a pawn in a scheme, a body to add to the count.
Donnie shuffled in his seat, looking between the two for a few heart beats, “I mean, if it is a trap Cham you can probably take out anything in your path,” Donnie pointed out. Chamuel shivered at the others' words, his mind flashed to the smashed head of Vess. It was no harder than crushing paper in his hands; that terrified him.
Dread surged through the blondes veins at the others words, his heart stopping, “Whats happening?” Chamuel demanded,
He walked barefoot towards the restroom but paused at the sound of a voice. The smell of food made his stomach hurt but he could hear Norma, though he couldn't make out what she was saying. He wondered if maybe Sam was awake? He didn't think so, the older hunter was dead on his feet the night before needing Baals help to get to bed.
"Says here this Clay guy is one of the richest men on the planet," Bailey said from the backseat, she had her boots up on the middle console in the car with her leather jacket draped lazily over her legs.
Abel flinched at being called a king, it felt odd. He didn't feel like a king, in fact, he hardly felt as if he deserved the title. Watching as the shape of a rat carrying the gold charm appeared in the angel's light, carrying it up the tubes of a sewer.
The rabbit blinked at him, twitched its nose and scrambled back to the doctor. Sliding easily under the thorns, Cain laughed as the rabbit pulled itself out and dropped the herbs. The doctor sat down beside the rabbit.
“What the hell was that?” Marshall asked, Iggy pelted past Marshall. Snagging up his video camera he clambered back to the door, holding the camera up with a broad smile on his face now, “I’m so stupid I should have got that on camera!” He shouted as he ripped the door opened once more only to feel disappointment wash over him. No one stood in front of the door anymore, a few students hustled past but no one else. He looked to his right, then to his left before turning his attention back to Marshall.
Shaking her head as an attempt to clear the fatigue that rolled through her veins. She had slept for a long time last night and couldn't figure out why she was so exhausted, her stomach also cramped up which wasn't normal for her.
"Do we just pop it open? Pour it...on the altar? Or do souls float? I always assumed they were like...wind, you know?" Abel continued, Chamuel shook his head and closed the book. Letting his fingers roll over the cover,
"Abel," Booker said, placing a hand on the hunter. Abel turned towards the group, and a new song started to play. It was the angel's favorite song which caused his heart to stop, shaking his head he turned on his heels and charged up the stairs.
"Oh," His mother laughed, "Thank you Cherm," she said towards the shadow as she settled down to watch the show.
Baal watched the video with narrowed eyes, something about the way the man's hands glowed didn't seem right as he rolled them over the face of a burn victim. Taking the deformation off the man with a broad smile.
"According to Sam it's this way," Chamuel murmured, nodding to the right as the rest of the group caught up. Abel made his way to the front of his friends, pulling a small can of paint from his coat pocket. He placed his baseball bat against a tree, shaking the can loudly, it clattered in the air before hissing. The hunter sprayed a large red dot directly on the splintering bark.
"I should tell him," Chamule murmured to himself as he started to get changed into clean clothes, "I have to tell him, he'll…" the door clicked, Chamuel glanced up as Abel walked out only a few seconds later. His hair was getting long, it stuck to the side of his face and brushed the tips of his ears.
"Dinner is almost ready," They said, turning their attention back to the dishes that were scattered around them.
"Well, my aunt says everyone can stay here," Mishka said, smiling now at the thought of hanging out with everyone.
"Maybe I should just let you wake up," Arph murmured, Abel shook his head as guilt flooded his veins.
The words fell into the dead air, Uriel had vanished. Chamuel felt even more worthless as he stared at the ground, feeling his eyes prick with tears. He hadn't expected Uriel to be so harsh on him, but then again, he thought Uriel would have been a better choice to save the world.
The two slumped onward, not walking too far before a truck raced up towards them. Israfil held out his thumb but Donnie knocked his hand down, laughing.
"This better be important," he groaned, turning in his chair to the holder of the voice. Her long red hair falling messily to the side, a look of pure joy on her features.
"Did...he run?" Baal questions, Bailey crossed her arms over her chest. Frowning deeply as she looked from the muddy footprints and back to Baal, his eyes troubled.
"That's not my normal ring tone, plus my phones on vibrate," Abel murmured, feeling dread pump into his system as they entered the van. Abel noted the 'unknown number' that flashed against the screen, sharing a look with Chamuel as he answered it. Putting the phone on speaker, Bailey and Baal looking back at the two with curiosity shared between them.
"Why am I so useless," he whispered to himself, clenching his fists, he turned on his heels to go back towards the home but froze. Where was he? The man dug into his pocket for his phone just to release he had left it at the house, groaning, the angel raced his fingers through his soft brown locks that started to fall in his face.
Some of the moving homes had a bench seated outside with people chatting, drinking beer and enjoying the sunshine.
The demon under him squirmed and screamed out in agony as the body went limp, Baal stood only to see the other two demons had taken off running the second their friend had fallen to the floor.
"What do you mean 'while he's still here'?" Chamuel asked, he felt war flash through his system. The angel felt something was off suddenly, a darkness in Cain he hadn't seen the past two weeks but for whatever reason, it nearly glowed in the man's eyes at the moment.
Israfil blinked a few times and glanced at Bailey, "Yours is called Nkyinkyim! You're a king of the people, or humanity." She blinked down at her necklace, puffing out her chest.
"Donnie!" Israfil cried out, tears raced down his cheeks as he ran to the wolf. Burying his face into his friend's dark fur, the werewolf nuzzled his face against Israfil's. Licking at the man's cheeks with a whimper, Israfil laughed and wrapped his arms around the animal's muzzle.
"I just…" Chamuel shook his head as if to rid his heart of the secret it had to keep. "I guess I'm overwhelmed," he whispered, lacing his fingers with Abel's. Noting how big his hands were compared to the hunters, making his heart melt.
"What? But we live alone," Mish whispered back, a look of confusion and shock danced over her features.
"I just wanted to come back, and now I know why," He said the last part with spite in his voice, pulling his hand away from hers and fiddling with the ring anxiously.
Sam spotted something in the grass in the dead center of the field, the firefly was buzzing around it. A white rabbit hopped lazily past it only to scamper off in fear as the pair approached. Spray Paint had been placed here, the red color stuck up against the bright green grass, dread sank into his heart. He glanced to Bailey who ducked past him to inspect the color further,
"Y-Yeah man, we was just holdin' it," Buster whimpered, attempting to scramble out of the others grip. The demon dropped the man, holding his gloved hand out towards the small werewolf.
He dropped the backpack, grimacing at how wet the fabric was as the hunter tugged his can of spray paint out.
"Something tells me you might have to put some pressure on that demon friend of his," Jegudiel laughed.
"So what's up? Why'd you ask me to call?" Merlin asked, the sound of shuffling could be heard from her end.
Abel looked at the other shock as Butch held it up before bending it until it screamed and broke in half. Cain growled, he felt Cherm shuttering below him. Knowing the shadow would protect its king as all cost, Abel glared daggers at Butch. Holding his fists up with a grin, for a heartbeat Butch swore he was Dean but it vanished quickly.
"Demons," Israfil said, still holding the bat, "Devils, creatures, monsters, whatever we have to fight to stop the darkness."
"Oh my king!!" His mother shouted, leaping up from her spot on the old couch and making her way to Cain. She wrapped her arms around her son in a tight hug, he placed his chin on the top of her head.
"You betcha, Book," Abel laughed, giving the other a thumbs up as the group turned to leave the hospital. Booker waved them away lazily before following their teacher back into the elevator.
“Yep, I lived as a human for a week. Went back down but nothing felt right after that, back when I tortured souls I didn’t think about it.” He stared into the sky, its colors turning from orange, to gold, to a brilliant blue as the sun peaked out against the new york skyline.
"Yeah, I know Bailey '' Sam laughed, she snorted. picking up the iced coffee on the counter that a waiter dropped before her, taking a few drinks from the straw.
"Hey, Ancitif," Obizuth sang out, whirling around quickly causing the hood on her jacket to slap Arphaxat in the face. He groaned, pouting as she practically skipped up to the man on the floor.
With that, the archer stood up and pulled out an arrow. He held it out and shot, the arrow went through the man's skull causing him to shutter, gasp and die. His head fell to the side and he was gone. The remaining creatures that still lived rapidly scrambled from the home, but Robin made no movement to go after them as he stared down at Mammon's body. The archer stooped down, reaching into the man's back pocket and pulling out his wallet. He flipped open the brown leather to a large stack of money, grinning to himself.
With that she brushed past him, giving him finger guns as she walked causing him to roll his eyes at her. Stepping back into her room and digging through the bag of clothes, she beamed! Baal wasn't good with fashion, but he was damn good at following directions.
"Dad! I gotta help him i--" Donnie wailed out, tears raced down his cheeks as he watched the angel of music attempt to fight off Mammon. Obizuth joined in on the fight, laughing wildly as she slashed the air in front of him. The angel sailed towards the ceiling, his halo illuminated the lion above him as he shot beams of his grace from the guitar around him.
Dean froze at the demon's words, turning his attention back to the puddle. Arphaxat was dancing with Abel, the scene was black and white once more. Dean scrambled closer, shoving Castiel out of the way slightly. The angel now watching as well, his head tilted.
"He needs to sleep," Sam said, the older hunter looked exhausted as if he hadn't slept for a few days. Bailey grabbed Baal's arm, stopping the man in his tracks.
"We don't have any, at least, none that are publicly hunting. Most of them are super careful about even talking about it,"
"We can just text Cham, knowing him he's got his phone. He can just come help us if we need," Abel snorted, attempting to brush his hair out of his face.
"Robin all the arrows are marked, the only ones that don't do anything special have black nock's and Fletching's. The quiver also got a few things I tossed in there,"
"God isn't about hate, Baal," the man replied, his eyes back to his game, "They loved unconditionally with that love comes forgiveness."
"Yeah, Demon radio hasn't been used as much thanks to cell phones, so you probably didn't hear," She said with a shake of her head as if attempting to get rid of the fear that edged her voice as the shadow grinned down upon her.
"I don't need to bow to the king, mother's never need to," she laughed, pulling away and looking him up and down. Her grey hair falling in her face, Holly green gaze tracing his features.
"Unfortunately," He replied, looking around anxiously every few minutes as if he was expecting to see someone he didn't want to see. "I don't know much, I already told everything I could."
"Alright, bitch, wake up," Abel snarled, dumping the water over the top of the Howlers head. The monster roared in anger, shuttering against the cold liquid as it rolled down his body. He shook himself out like a dog, showering Abel in cold water.
"Donnie, man, you okay?" Abel crept slowly towards his friend, Chamuel stood by the door with Israfil who was shaking with anxiety. Abel placed his hand on Donnie's arm, Donnie groaned.
“Yeah true,” Donnie chuckled, following as Abel made his way towards the rest of the sports equipment.
"Of course, kid," he replied with a smile towards the other. Chamuel tilted his head but didn't reply, getting into the passenger seat of the Impala without a word.
"Not sure," Baal admitted, pulling out a small bottle of hand sanitizer. "We won't know till we get it."
Israfil busied himself by picking at the skin on his finger tips before glancing back at Chamuel, "how are you gonna do that?"
“The strip club seems like your best option,” Arphaxat whispered, “If it’s a trap I’ll help you get out,”
Chamuel frowned, "well...it's not true, I uh, on that topic," he cleared his throat. His heart pounded against his ribcage as he attempted to come up with the right words.
Danjal turned to look at the other, he glared up at Danjal while clutching the pillow to his chest. Arms wrapped tight around it, his blue eyes glimmered in the pale light of the moon's warmth that dropped through the windows.
“Naw, the guys only demon was his own,” shaking his head, “Well after some arguing he sent me outta his office. Told the entire team I wasn’t part of it anymore, that I was a tranny and he didn’t want me to confuse his other players,” Closing his eyes Abel sighing,
"God's also trying to shut us down, did you see that?" She nodded her head to the gravesite on the opposite side of them. It was small, mostly for show, with a few old tombstones that someone had stolen and placed there at some point.
“So I was thinking the two of you can squat down here, I can teach you some basic things today...have either of you fired a gun…?”
The reality of it all fell back over the demon, his smile faded. He felt tears burning into his eyes again at the large responsibility of possibly leading a group of untrained misfits into any sort of battle.
"Where is it?" Baal gasped, eyes moving from one apartment complex to the next before back to Bailey who was pointing. He followed her finger to a little girl, she sat on the floor in front of the apartments with chalk in hand under the streetlight.
The wolf leapt up as his name was called, putting a hand on his forehead like a salute. Israfil scrambled up with him, laughing as he mimicked his friend.
Robin kicked the wolf lightly on the right, causing Donnie to turn to the left which made Robin hiss. He kicked the right again, Donnie snarled at him.
"Alright guys! New and improved Robin," Bailey sang out as she hopped into the living room. Smiling big at Robin who remained in the other room, Bailey rolled her eyes and grabbed him by the arm.
"You found it?" Mammon asked as the small demon pulled his comically large glasses off his face and rubbed them on his shirt.
"That's because I'm better than Tom Cruise, I'm a Winchester," He shot the other with a bright grin.
Baals' eyes glowed, wind kicked around his body, muscles flexing and with a crack of his neck he shot fire from his jaw causing the monsters to screech in fear, flying back up into their flock in an attempt to escape the demon king. The sound of clapping caused Baal to look around confused before his eyes fell back on the onlookers, they were clapping for him.
Everyone went silent, glancing around at each other. Even Bailey gave an awkward smile, "What?" Cain asked.
"Chamuel let me make this very clear," Uriel snarled like an angry dog, He could see the rage in the dark skinned man's face causing the angel to look down at his feet, "You pray to me! Not to Castiel, not to God, you pray to me if you have an issue."
"Number forty two," Abel nodded to a kid on the bleachers who seemed far more interested in his phone than anything else.
He shouted something else but Abel couldn't hear it as the world under him rocked, the bright gold flickered and he stumbled backwards as the earth split open under him. A large golden cross rocketed upwards and towards the sky, the sound of trumpets roared around him causing him to scream in shock.
The two hunters stared at the house across from them. The app took them to this small blue home, the front yard looked like any american dream. White picket fence, grass, flowers that greeted you with every step you took towards the door. Abel lifted a hand to knock on the door but it flew open inward causing the hunter to scramble at empty air for a few short breaths, catching himself quickly with a grunt of surprise.
“Come on everyones gonna think you’re just like your crazy dad,” Marshall snapped, “Besides, I can’t keep being late because you want to play ‘hunter’ or whatever,”
"It's not gonna explode at the Grotto or anything, is it?" Robin asked, reaching forward and picking it up. Danjal felt a rush of warmth flood over him like lava when Robin picked up the shell, his eyes ran over the grooves telling Danjal the man might attempt to open the shell at some point out of sheer curiosity. Dropping it only seconds later.
"What happened?" Baal asked, tilting his head. Bailey glanced up at the other, "Not sure," She admitted.
"Oh! That reminds me," Mishka said, getting to her feet and digging into her pocket. She pulled a small vial out of her jacket, putting it up into the harsh early morning sunshine that bathed the room in its warmth.
"My efforts to keep the king and Lionheart from being together have been tarnished," he frowned at this, "know when they do, the king of Kings will official have risen,"
Silently, he hoped he could introduce the man as his boyfriend near the end but it hung in the air if the angel would return his feelings. Israfil was incredibly talented at hiding what he thought or felt, even when it came to love. He only knew the man felt love due to his love for Faith, the thought of the archangel sent a shot of anger through his bones but he shoved this into the back of his mind.
Abel scrambled up, his wet hair plastered to his forehead, “I’m alive!” Abel shouted, with a quick movement of his arm he showered the creature in the salt. It screamed in agony, stumbling away from Abel with a roar. It’s blood showered the floor below,
"What blew you away?" Abel asked as Cain brushed glass away from the opening with his gloved hand. The golf gloves protecting his skin.
Chamuel opened his hand, holding it out at the monster. The creature glowed a soft pink only for the light to die down in a few seconds. Confusion flashed over the blonde's features, he took a step back towards Abel. Blinking away the fear, Cham tried again. He felt his energy being sucked into the light of his hands, the sudden burst of power he felt caused him to hesitate. He never felt such power before becoming an archangel and he wasn’t sure what it meant, causing him to stop paying attention for a single heartbeat.
"Cain, I can call Abel and have him pick me up," She murmured, turning to him. He looked to her, then back to his mother. He knew if he stayed, she would continue to make his life hard for the night. His mother held a grudge, but she would forget in a few days, right? He wasn't so sure her diagnosis was even correct, her memory still seemed sharp.
Taking a few steps back, shaking his head he made way back to his spot beside Israfil who rolled to look at him. Golden brown gaze burning with exhaustion,
"Yes, always good," The woman chuckled, finally letting go of her son and sitting down in front of the TV. Cain looked at the small, old tv set with a shake of his head. The screen was static, letting out a soft whine.
Silence fell once more as Abel stared at the ground with wide hurt eyes. Chamuel hesitated before placing a hand on the others shoulder, pulling him into a side hug. Abel pushed his face into Chamuels arm, the angel could feel the man's hot tears against the fabric of his shirt. He rubbed the others shoulder as he cried,
"You probably didn't know because your third eye's blinded. It happens with trauma," Dutch replied, glancing towards her girlfriend and nodding at her. The angel took a few steps forward,
"I love you, Goose," He replied back, relaxing in the other's arms and shutting his eyes tight against the desire to start screaming and crying at the universe. He wasn't sure why he was picked to save the entire world, but his deep desire to save everyone couldn't be ignored.
Chamuel blinked in surprise, "what brought this on? And a lotta guy h--" Stopping, he shut his mouth and let the words swirl within his thoughts, "Wait...do you mean…?"
The hunter walked past the corpse, his shoes leaving a trail of blood behind him as he made his way numbly into the living room. Chamuel let the doctor go, getting to his feet and going to follow after his friend. Abel turned on the angel quickly,
The two walked down the street now, neither could hear the chattering laughter of the creatures as they moved. The sun had died behind the city, darkness settled and deep, angry clouds rolled in. The loud sound of a guitar could be heard somewhere, it was loud, echoing as though someone played it in a tin can.
"Looks good on you, Robin Hood," she said with a nod. He grinned up at her and back down at the bow.
He turned his head slowly, usually, he'd say he was an angel of the Lord. But this was no longer the case,
"The weed," he said slowly, making sure Donnie could understand his English, "it'll turn you back but it's slow. Is there someone you trust we can call or take you too?"
Chamuel helped the drunk man up the steps, though he was heavily drunk as well he had a bit more control.
"A little trick I learned, once Michael and Lucifer fight and he comes down to hell, the next part will start. Now give me your Adinkra," she whispered into his ear. He opened his jaw to speak but a scream escaped his lips instead, the middle of his chest sat a blob of demonic energy. It was slowly eating the skin, turning his chalky white color to grey.
Arphaxat let out an annoyed sigh, refusing to look at Mammon as he spoke, "Yeah, I told you I would,"
"All of your arrows are now perfectly modified! Took me and Issy a day or two but I'm happy with it," He grinned bright at the demon who looked shocked at the gift,
“Is anyone in trouble?” Abel asked, his mind wandering as he attempted to keep his mind on the phone call.
Bailey put a hand on the handle and turned, it clicked open. The pair grinned giddily at one another as if they'd just discovered a big secret.
"You're going to be the strongest person to ever live, and you'll throw it away for some girl? Pathetic,"
The voice caused the two to whip around in shock, a man sat up against the wall. Chains bound to his legs and wrists, he was skinny with incredibly pale tan skin, his eyes sunken in, he shook violently as if cold. His clothes hardly clung to the man's frame.
"Here we are!" Donnie said, pulling into a large, mansion sized home. A church was attached to it with trees scattered all about, flowers blooming in brilliant color all around the home. He glanced at the angel who was practically vibrating with excitement.
"Yeah, he's the only hot bald guy allowed! They can't have more! So he eats him to gain more power," Abel replied, laughing.
Abel glanced down at his fingers and nodded, Donnie groaned painfully. Israfil gasped as the other sat up, putting a hand on his chest.
A couple other wolves stood around him, they cackled loudly but he couldn't make out what they were saying, the dirt under their feet was black as the night sky. He could see bright red blood dotted bright against the darkness below,
"Okay, I don't know what you have against him, but look around!" He gestured around the mostly dead, small family owned coffee shop.
“Can you just spit it out,” Sam, shook his head, “I have to go pick up my son and I'd rather not be late."
She smiled at this, it told her he knew who she was at least. She'd seen people fall into such a mental break it would cause them to regress to a child-like state and forget everything. She knew he had a long way to go, but if she could get him help sooner than later it wouldn't be so bad.
The world around them turned to black as the demon took a few steps towards the pair, his eyes glowed against the blackness. His smile was so wide it took up his face, red rimmed glasses stood out against the dark colors.
"If-- mother sees Abel and decides he isn't fit for king I will return to my path. I...just need time," he whispered, smiling at the message from Mishka.
"Don't shoot! That's a direct order, let them through!" He shouted, Theo and Bailey locked eyes for a heart beat before she blew past the cars. Her heart pounding violently in her chest as they left the police behind them, the monsters rushed past Theo who watched them with wide eyes as they cackled their way after the pair.
She smirked at the word 'Matilda', it was a phrase Abel used often to describe levitation and it rapidly made its way through the group. Something about the Hunters' insistence to reference movies was almost charming to her.
“We need to go help her,” Abel replied simply, handing the phone back he went over to a backpack that was settled beside the couch. Dumping out the contents onto the table,
"Well you're not twelve anymore," she laughed, taking a spoonful of the vanilla and holding it out to him. He blinked at it,
The sound of the guitar faded out, Israfil hopped up onto his feet as the lights flickered back on. The man grinned wide at the smaller man, wrapping an arm around the angel's shoulder with a laugh.
The picture flashed to show angels of all types flying around in the heavens, they all looked like watercolor as they sang into the air. The gold charms around their necks glowing with the warmth of their happiness.
"Did he say where he was going?" Sam asked, his voice cracking lightly from the burn in his throat. How much did he drink?
"Oh?" Arphaxat raised an eyebrow at the man, "Why would I volunteer to help you if I was going to take the necklace? Abel's like putty in my hands, if I wanted that, I'd have gotten it ages ago,"
"Let's talk about that later, are you okay?" War vanished as Chamuel pulled the other away, his voice soft and loving as he reached up to brush his hair out of his face only for the hunter to flinch. Chamuels chest grew tight, how long had this been going on? He recalled when he and Abel first started and Chamuel would ruffle his hair as a way to tease him about his height but now-- Abel flinched from his open palm.
Abel and Chamuel glanced at one another, "suit yourself, you can hang out while we figure this out."
A blast of warmth filled the angel's chest as he looked down at the other. The feeling caused his heart to beat quickly against his rib cage, he smiled wide. They were his feelings, all along, he'd been in love. It wasn't Jedidiah, it was him. He raced his mind back to Uriel, he wondered why the angel had been so adamant about him and Abel not getting together.
"--A Blizzard will be hitting, make sure you stay wherever you are and get comfortable! Tonight's going to be cold--" The radio announcer said before she shut the car off.
Mavis let out a snorting, nudging Morris with an elbow. The teenagers muttered among themselves before leaving the gift shop,
"I might have...Dean, I don't think you understand how much he talks about movies. Everything is a reference," Sam laughed, shaking his head and rolling fingers through his hair.
They had talked for hours, walking up and down the street, going back inside and drinking coffee. He found himself dropping secrets, memories, and trauma that the doctor assumed he would take to his grave. The part that got to him? She didn't judge him, never once did he feel she was against him. Why? He didn't know. After a short time she had dragged him under the mistletoe, she had been so beautiful in the soft lights of the home. With the Christmas tree gleaming in the back, her eyes like a warm sun as their lips meet.
“Probably just sat in the rain too long,” Abel mused as he ran a hand over the front, letting his fingers trace the sharp edges where the rust had started to eat away at the metal. Chamuel pulled open the passenger door hesitantly, it let out a loud creek as it swung open violently causing the blonde to stumble back in light surprise.
“Maybe you shouldn’t take it if you’re not going to trust me,” Arphaxat said with a sad sigh, looking down to the floor. “And I’m trusting you so much, I really feel like you’re judging me so harshly on where I came from.” Looking at Abel with big eyes, “Just like those transphobic people do to you,”
Horrified whispers followed this, causing the angel to hold a hand out to stop everyone from speaking.
"Let's go back to Norma's," She murmured, holding his face in her hands. He looked at her with a puzzled look at his face. He couldn't understand her, no matter how many times he thought he got a handle on her he didn't. Everyone else was easy, he could switch his personality to accommodate depending on who of the group he was with.
Chamuel pursed his lips together but didn't say anything about it. Letting the hand fall away from Abel,
Donnie glanced up at Israfil who visibly brightened when the wolf looked at him. He breathed on the window and drew a smiling face on it causing Donnie to chuckle, he made for the otherside of the car and pulled himself into the driver's seat.
"Okay," she kicked the stand up, getting off only to take half a step and get tugged back as Baal remained in his seat.
"Duh, did you not know he was a Lionheart?" She asked, gesturing to Sam who looked from her to Bailey.
"I know, but your friend is here for only a few hours," Abel whispered, running his fingers through his hair as stress burned into his gaze. Mishka let out a huff,
The two glanced at each other, to the car and back, "okay, but if Sam asked we fought about it," Chamuel said, a smile split over Abels features that caused his eyes to glow in the harsh lights.
“Let’s go then,” Abel said with a nod, taking the last few sips of his drink as he turned the car on and pulled from the parking lot.
"Well thank you, Deedee," He chuckled, talking to the crow that nuzzled into his outstretched fingers before hopping into the man's shoulder. His peach zip up jacket and black pants covered in bird droppings as he continued to watch the family drag the wolf out of sight. Once they vanished the angel let himself drop to the floor, ducking into the church and adjusting the glasses over his eyes.
"Abel!" Chamuel shouted, throwing himself on the hunter. Abel yelled in surprise as the ceiling collapsed inward. Bringing the next two floors down on the pair, he clung to Chamuel. His face buried in the other's chest, his eyes shut tight as he shook. Chamuel held him tight, gritting his teeth as his wings attempted to keep him safe but it was no use. He screamed in agony as wood spiked into his wings. Darkness swamped Abel's vision as another shout dragged him into its depths.
"I've done all this for you and all you can do is talk about that fucking angel," he hissed, Abel took a step back.
Chamuel grimaced, forcing himself to his feet despite how exhausted he felt the blonde made towards the bathroom,
"Shut up, we're not going after Ancitif. Yet. We need to kill the next king before he gets his Adinkra,"
“Look, we’re going to play to your strengths,” Sam replied, standing up full now with a little more animation in his step. Tossing the empty beer can into the trash as he walked past. Abel took another sip of the beer, before handing it to Chamuel and following after Sam. Cham blinked down at the half full can then followed after the two, still holding the can.
"Oh good, I thought it was something important," The angel responded with a sarcastic hint in his tone. Standing up the blonde held his hand in the air, light started to emanate from his skin.
"That's it!" She shouted, "you're just gonna walk out!" He paused, not turning to look at her. His hand on the handle of the door, the room was a mess with Cain's blood everywhere, the chairs knocked everywhere, bottles of alcohol had been shattered by the demonic forces.
"What made you want to reform? I know a few reformed vampires but I feel there's a story here," he murmured.
"Just reject me, I'll be fine, I just gotta deal with it," he murmured, "was stupid of me to even consider that," a laugh came now, to hide in pain that he felt over his chest. Tears weld in Chamuel's eyes, here he was, being told by the man of his dreams that he liked him yet the fate of humanity rested in their hands and he couldn't risk the world falling for his own selfish gain.
Something about the other's voice caused the hunter to shiver, the man was walking a circle around him like a shark surrounding its prey.
"Abel, what's happening to you?" Chamuel whispered, it was then he noticed the shaking. It was as if the man had leapt into a defensive mode suddenly, his microaggressions showed the anxiety and discomfort the hunter felt.
"I thought you'd protect me," Bailey whispered, nudging him lightly as she brushed past the other. He followed beside her, falling in step with the king as they walked down the stairs. Bailey heard Abel and Chamuel snoring as they walked past their room, the pair had practically passed out the second they came home. Though Bailey didn't blame them, Abel had been looking dead on his feet from everything going on.
"Cain!" Abel shouted, leaping forward and grabbing the other's hand. He dangled dangerously over the edge, his legs scrambling in an attempt to push himself up as Abel held him tight. The golf club falling into the deep blackness below, Abel didn't hear it hit the ground.
"No way," Chamuel watched as Abel uncovered a small moped, it was sitting in the middle of the garage beside the Impala, it's black and blue paint stood out against the grey concrete.
Abel pushed out of the apartment with Chamuel close behind, the angel's eyes turned white yet again as fire raged down the stairs. The Adinkra lifted, pointing upwards to the next few floors. He glanced down at the little girl in Chamuel's arms and the boy at his side,
"Well, if Baal's with him I trust him," Danjal snorted. Though something about the man's voice told Ancitif that he knew more than he let on.
Silently wondering where Amaryllis was she started to open a few of the drawers that sat above the stove top, most of the cabinets were empty of anything which confused the woman but she didn't have time to think about it. Finally she found a few boxes of old tea, they sat beside a couple of vials of an unknown plant. She narrowed her eyes at the glass, a few of the vials were empty as if they'd been used up. Mishka pulled one of the small containers down, inspecting it.
"Abel please!" He shouted into the phone, his voice breaking as he spoke. "I'm so sorry, please let me talk to you,"
"Where did it come from?" Abel murmured, he recalled Cain dropping it in the mouth of the beast. Did they get swallowed?
“Who are you?” Sam repeated, Wincing as Baal brought the knife to the ropes that held him. Cutting them off slowly, eyes not meeting Sam’s as he freed him.
"You can go, stupid rabbit," Cain grumbled, turning on his heels now so he didn't have to look at its face and starting to slosh his way into the water. If this small spot was dry, maybe he could find a bigger dry spot and finally get some much needed rest. His thoughts faded at the sound of someone sloshing in the muck behind him, he turned to see the rabbit.
The door swung open, the woman came out with arms out. Her high heels clicked on the concrete below. Her long, blue skirt moved angelically in the wind with her ruffled white top.
"He goes into your head, he plants himself into the forest of your mind. He'll turn himself into whatever you like, he's smart, he reels you in and then destroys you. We need to go now, we don't know how long he'd been around Abel but it can't be good."
"We fought," Israfil said loudly, he started to float as golden strings danced around the room. Kicking up a soft wind that ruffles the books in their bookcase.
"Thanks for helping us," He whispered, his breath billowing out of his lips. The doctor grinned towards Chamuel,
"Yeah, as in-- this place is called Singers, and ya gotta lot of salt 'round here," a soft southern twang sang in the man's voice.
"Oh yeah, you think all demons are evil? Things aren’t so black and white, I like to hang out here when things get too much, yaknow what I mean?" He put his hands in his pockets as he spoke, smiling at Abel.
"I'm on Team Born again, and me and Israfil are going to save all of you! These demons, creatures, this darkness, me and…" He smiled down at Israfil again, who seemed to glow.
Abel leapt over a fallen table, silently thanking his previous baseball coach for making him do hurdles whenever he mouthed off, and that was often! The creature bore down on Abel, the man leapt onto the counter of the bartop and rolled to the floor. The monster made contact with the multiple bottles of alcohol on the wall as it ran straight into it. Abel covered his neck and head as he was soaked with the strong smelling liquid, he could feel the glass from the bottles cutting into his back through the jacket but it didn’t bother him. The monster stumbled back, screeching in agony as it clawed at the glass on its face.
Everyone hesitated, "sit down," Abel said with a nod to his friends. They all did as they were told. Chamuel made sure to sit close to where Abel stood, eyeing Rooster as if he expected the man to attack.
He felt the urge to tell him about Arphaxat, wanting more than anything to find an excuse to get the demon away from him. He didn't hate Arphaxat but he didn't love him, he enjoyed his time with the man. Sometimes.
"Cham?" Abel gasped as Baal and Bailey tore their way out of the large spider flowers. They raced forward as Chamuel grabbed Arphaxat by his jacket and slammed him into the tree causing the wood to moan out as it cracked.
"Behind you" Arphaxat whispered, Abel turned his attention to an old fireplace poker that was settled beside the bed. A small fireplace was seated on a few paces away, "Who put a fireplace in here," Abel grumbled
“If you say so,” he said, leaning back in the seat as Abel pulled up to the small store. The two scrambled out of the car, “I’m helping you this time!” cham insisted as they walked through the door, Abel arched an eyebrow but didn’t argue as the men moved through the small store.
"Abel, wait," Chamuel called, but the hunter ignored him. His eyes only on the hare as it pelted farther and farther from him, he watched as it turned and vanished into swinging double doors. A woman gasped in shock as it ran under her feet, Abel nearly smacked into the red headed woman.
Cain glanced up from his work, giving a grin "It's my favorite Cartoon," He chuckled. Abel looked as if he were going to explode with excitement,
Bailey froze, she looked at Baal who looked at her. Both of which had nothing to say to this, the woman shuffled a bit.
Arphaxat stood on the stage, his red rimmed glasses the only color in the entire place as he snapped his fingers to a beat that was starting up.
"We figured out your prophecy, Pinky" Cain said, leaning back in the chair. Abel visibly lit up at the nickname.
"But by that time he was so deep into drugs, alcohol, you name it! He just wasn't himself anymore. Then one day, he overdosed."
“Any handmade ones,” Sam said, pointing to the pile of messy, dirty and coffee stained notebooks, binders and folders, “Are made by other hunters, they’re going to help you the most!” Chamuel, who had settled beside Abel, leaned forward, plucking the top book before flipping it opened. A few torn papers fell to the floor causing the mans soft complexion to turn bright red.
Norma stopped, seeming to ponder this but her smile didn't fall, "That didn't answer my question, Mr! Are they staying for supper?"
“Well, let’s go then,” Abel murmured, pushing a hand into his jacket pocket. He could still feel the gift, it’s tag crumbled against his fingers. Chamuel blinked at Abel, something was different about him but the angel couldn’t place his finger on it. Something deep in his forest green gaze, something hidden.
"How did you get it?" Danjal took it from the other, slipping it off his neck. The harps didn't start which confused the demon. He had attempted to take it off earlier in the day only for it to scream though no one else heard it he put it back on just to stop the annoying noise. Now? It didn't make a sound as his friend turned it over a few times in his hand.
"What a twist of fate," Cherm growled, his bright white grin reflected against his shadowy figure. Ignoring the shadow he pressed a few buttons on his phone. Transferring her files to his phone as he waited for the demon to answer his call, hazel eyes danced from his notes to Cherm.
Abel rolled his fingers through his hair, he and Robin had talked for hours and now the weed was really starting to make him feel light. Danjal left the two after the first joint, leaving the pair to chat and laugh with one another. Though Robin came off as if he didn't want to be around anyone Abel knew better, the man was just lonely and afraid but the king of kings wasn't going to let someone on his team be alone! Even if it meant having to be uncomfortable at how high up he was.
"Not much of my style but I suppose it'll work," he murmured to himself, tugging the hoodie over his button up. Letting the collar peak out of the front. The words 'Grossman school of medicine' had been stitched over the front.
“Well, no, there are angels of all kinds and they do different things. Love is incredibly important for all creatures, so there are a lot of us,” Chamuel murmured, his eyes distant.
“Because you’re freezing,” Chamuel offered, giving a small smile as he stepped closer to the other. He towered over Abel but the smaller man didn’t seem worried about this. Not backing down, holding the baseball bat firm. Chamuel was convinced that one swing would be enough to kill his vessel and possibly any friendship they could obtain when working together.
She picked up her spoon with a smile, Cain hesitated. His entire life that's all anyone had done, aside from his mother.
"You gotta stop tearing apart your hands," he whispered, the angel pulled his hand away. His breath held a bit of alcohol which worried the hunter.
Bailey shivered with rage, she turned to get another look at the man but the police had tackled him to the pavement. A small detective stood a few inches from the larger officers, she recognized him as Theo and silently hoped they wouldn't get noticed. As far as she knew, Abel was avoiding talking to the other for some odd reason. She felt Sam's hand brush against her sending a wave of warmth into her bones,
She took in a few ragged breaths as she pelted down the hallway, attempting to keep the anger she felt towards her friends out of her face and voice. Cain was going to need a lot of help now, she had plans to convince him to come back to Kansas with her. To bring him to the best psychologist she could possibly find, which wasn't hard due to how many people in her family worked in the mental health field. She was over the moon when her mother had practically told her Cain could move into their tiny home if he wanted.
Chamuel nodded numbly, taking the paperwork and flipping through it for a few seconds with shaking hands. At one point Sam had made the pair fake ID's to match some random insurance company,
"Hey man, it's fine! It's your boy, Breaker! Check out the merch, yo!" he held his shirt out to show a picture of his head outlined and shaded in, only a pair of fangs below his strawberry blonde mustache.
"Bailey Gunnr, age thirty nine, widowed, your car is still here, is that why you came over here? It's funny, your car and your bike both seemed to really enjoy sitting here on the night of the break in,"
“You can be down here a hundred years and still not do anything,” Abel pointed out, drinking down the next beer that was placed in front of him,
"I'm sober…" he murmured, "Danjal helped me," rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly, feeling his face burn.
Baal dumped the strong smelling liquid over the porch of the home, Chamuel watched him through war's gaze. He felt smaller now in his skin as the grace kicked him back whenever it felt the need, he needed to be more assertive.
Cain shakenly got to his feet, blood raced down the man's nose and bubbled at the side of his mouth.
"Erm, cause it's one of my inventions, just click down the green button and flick the lighter. That's normal settings, if you ever use it, remember XYZ!" Cain blinked a few times, glancing at Donnie before returning to the lighter. A smile broke over his features, "wow...that's, really cool, xyz?" he chuckled, opening the lighter again.
"I love you Abel," Arphaxat laughed, lifting his hands. The corpses we're hoisted up, they moaned painfully, parts of bodies falling and bleeding black as they floated around him. Abel gasped in terror,
Thank you again, you are all a contributing factor to my happiness. With that, this next chapter introduces my favorite character. He has already been introduced before but this time it's a little different. I hope you enjoy part two.
"He texted me, told me where you guys were. I thought I'd drop by for Thanksgiving, see these 'super awesome boots' that he kept texting about,"
"That's a good hashtag," Donnie mused, "maybe we should get that trending. That way we'll know who's willing to help us if we need it,"
"She just wanted a little piece of you, you know how she is. She likes having a part of her friends with her," His voice grew darker as he spoke, his smile taking up the whole of his face as the man pulled a pair of pliers from his jacket pocket.
He flipped open a message from Mavis next, "We got the cops to scram, cleaning up tomorrow. Thanks guys, you both rock!"
"Asmodai, correct?" Jegudiel asked, snapping his fingers, stepping down from the desk. His green eyes danced over the other before falling to Lucifer.
“Hey, you’re at least ten percent more gay than me,” Abel shouted back, pushing out of the car he raced towards Donnie, knocking into the man playfully causing Donnie to laugh and shove him back. Chamuel got out as well, watching the two playfully fight with one another, a smile on his lips as the hunters words continued to dance in his head. Attempting but failing to shake it off he grabbed Abel and hoisted him into the air in a hug.
"Abel, I love you, I'd never pretend." Arphaxat whispered, leaning forward and pressing the red 'end call' button on the screen.
“Earth, Heavens a little too…” he trailed off, scratching his face as he attempted to find the right words but they never seemed to come.
"Shush Max!" She turned to him, crossing her arms over her chest with a huff. Donnie's father came from behind his son and went to his wife. Grabbing her by the hips making her laugh as he wrapped his arms around her.
Bailey sucked in air, feeling anxious suddenly. Baal shuffled a bit closer to her but didn't say a word,
Sam was on the floor, clenching the ground. Tears raced down his cheeks, Bailey could see a door behind him but couldn't make out what it said on the front. The same symbol that had been etched into his palm was now on the front of the large orange stone, she moved the mirror to look at Hahasiah and Dutch who also had doors behind them. Hahasiah's pink door stood tall against Dutch's purple one, she moved the mirror towards Dean who was standing on the opposite side of it all. She could hear him shouting something but couldn't seem to hear it, all she heard was the soft sound of breathing, the tick of the clock.
The man took a few steps into the dirty light of the ceiling panels, his purple jacket stood out against his dark tank and dirty green pants. A DNR wristband from a hospital wrapped around his wrist, a pair of bright golden spikes sat on his knuckles. His moustache smiled with his lips as he looked everyone over,
"Your funeral," Bohdi hissed back, causing the wolf to smack him on the back of the head. Robin glared at the wolf, his attention returning to the gate. The cheer of the crowd sent fear spiking through his veins but he couldn't stop now, he had to do something. But what? They opened the door, it let out a creek as Arrow walked slowly inside. The horse held its head high, letting out a chuff.
"From what?" She asked, tilting her head to the side. Silently wondering if the police were going to come or just dismiss the alarm as an accident since she turned it off so quickly.
"Oh this? Just-- little rough last night," He lied, Abel thought back to Arphaxat who'd been a tad...jealous of Mishka. The demon lashed out at Abel who quickly got mad right back only to be apologized to a few times, stopping the hunter in his tracks.
"Cause the other guard is older, and has been working longer. He locks the place up tight, but I know a door Bailey always forgets to lock."
The woman hummed again, typing on the computer, he had hoped he would talk to someone who knew Bailey personally but he'd take what he could get before the woman figured out what he was doing.
"No," she sniffled, "his older brother went missing a month ago. Not just him, but the kids down the street too."
Abel gasped softly, panic exploded in the mans head. His mind reeled back to Arphaxat sending a rush of adrenaline into his system. He shoved the other off, Chamuel sat up with a puzzled expression on his face as he was shoved away.
"Listen," Bailey snapped her fingers, "you're coming with us! Cain can help you! I don't care, we can help,"
A sad silence fell between them, Chamuel sat down in the chair beside Marshall and placed a hand on the teens shoulder. A look of shock flashed over his face before leaning into the angels hand,
"Paul! Stop," his wife murmured, she leaned on him. Eyes moving from the pair down to her stomach and back, "Not everyone get's married and has kids," She giggled.
"Faith," Israfil whispered, shuffling closer to Donnie and burying himself into the other's chest. Donnie pulled him down to the bed, holding the crying angel against his heart.
Spirits? Now that was silly. He had worked here for years and not once did the man see a single thing, as he moved the group towards the end with his usual rehearsed garbage about buying from a small gift shop all he could think about was getting away from here. Yet, he felt trapped.
"Yeah, we know almost all five kings!" Bailey added, looking more perplexed than she meant too as Hahasiah rolled her eyes at the pair as if the information was obvious. Dutch didn't say anything, simply placing a cigarette between her lips, flicking her lighter a few times.
Donnie watched the angel with a broken heart, 'I'm not like Abel, I'm not destined for great things or a soul mate,'
"Please...no you're my Lionheart! How can I be king without my Lionheart!" Donnie shouted, he could hear his family fighting. He could hear them losing.
"No, and yes," Abel admitted, "mostly for emergencies. But...sometimes," the hunter grinned at the stars that surrounded the two.
Abel hissed painfully as Butch Contiued moving the needles into his skin skillfully. "I'll retweet it," Butch grunted,
“Take a breath,” Chamuel said, “Breath in through your nose, let it out, and tell me calmly what you need us to do,”
“There’s this legend, see, it’s been the legend at the school since before I was born,” He started, “a long time ago, we had this janitor. He was the nicest guy, then one day he just vanished! No one knew what happened to him, but it was well known the guy loved Halloween. Every year around Halloween we’d get an uptick in kinda spooky stuff around here. We’d have things move, see a shadow or two, just normal stuff,” Taking a sip from a water bottle as he spoke, watching Abel and Cham to be sure they were listening. “Well since October started we've had five deaths,"
"I'll also beat you," Donnie pipped up, "give you the ol' one two!" He laughed, punching the air playfully, Israfil laughed.
"What else am I going to do?" She inquired, going down to her knees and starting to fiddle with the lock. Sam stood awkwardly behind her, keeping watch in case someone heard them. His hands had an itch to them he couldn't ignore, the idea had formed earlier but he was fearful of it. He turned back to her, putting a hand on her shoulder she glanced up at him causing his hand to spark softly in the darkness.
"Well, you can say that was a little unhinged," Abel shot Cain a grin who shoved him into the house with the head of the golf club playfully.
"How's it going to find you? I don't think that thing can sprout legs," Sam asked, Bailey nodded in agreement. A murmur passed over the group, Abel put his hands out to try and silence them.
"So are a lotta people but they don't stab someone in the ear!" Danjal snapped, only for his anger to fade as Robin's crying became sobs.
Paul laughed at this, he could hear a few other voices in the background as well. They were on speaker, the angel could tell from the echo.
"You gotta, man, I can't live with myself if I attacked the innocent, I...trust you more than anyone,"
Arphaxat shook his head, scooting closer to Abel, pulling him into a warm hug that Abel wasn’t expecting. Blinking in surprise at the affection the other was showing, he leaned into the man's touch. Letting his head rest on his shoulder, feeling an odd warmth flash over his system.
"Relax, you're like a jumpy cat," she laughed, pushing his hair out of his face. Humming to herself,
"Wait," Morris raced past them and into the home, Mavis handed their camera back and crossed her arms over her chest.
Her manager stood outside of the shop, holding a cup of coffee. His dark skin shone in the light, the hat on his head covered his rapidly balding head.
“I captured the black sludge I saw on your videos. This is the real deal isn’t it? My dads a hunter, if you're in my area hit me up! I need to show you guys these things! -Donnie” attached was a picture of a jar with a piece of black sludge inside, a man with soft brown skin and a comical expression pointing towards the containers.
She blinked at him, "No? Why would I care? It's your car. If you want I can help you clean it later,"
The smaller man pushed past his friend and held a hand out, something about his scent was comforting. It reminded the wolf of Israfil, which caused a soft wave of emotion to roll into his chest. Israfil.
For the first time she saw fear on the preacher's face as she lifted into the air, she held up her gun and shot again. He turned to avoid it, hissing in pain as it grazed his arm. He flew towards her, she didn't have time to react as he smashed into her head on. She flipped a few times on the air, righting herself.
Everyone gasped loudly, the chatting started up again but the king of hell didn't stop them from talking. Allowing the silence to drag in a dramatic fashion.
"Dan!" Robin shouted, the demon turned just in time to see a police officer holding a gun at his head. An arrow flew from the back of the wolf and landed into the officer's arm just as he shot, the bullet whizzed past the demon's head. Danjal punched hard, sending the office flying backwards. Donnie leapt back to Danjal and snatched the man from the back of his jacket delicately in his teeth.
"If you ask me," Fran mused, not looking at the other as he spoke, "you're far stronger than those other people,"
"This isn't even the right time," She said after a few minutes, pulling the top up till it clicked and turning the crown for a few short seconds.
"What the fuck!" The vampires yelled, causing Cain to move his dragon-like head towards the blonde and the pair of werewolves who looked awestruck. The camera on the streamers phone continued to record as Cain shot a blast of black flames towards the three, Danjal was quicker. Sending a large slab of rock to cover the ground, the dragon coughed and spit blood to the floor, giving the warrior time to run for the three.
"You're one amazing son of a bitch," Danjal mused, pulling out one of the arrows and inspecting it. Donnie bowed to the man as Israfil trotted past with a few of their suitcases.
Bailey felt a shot of irritation, though she couldn't place why. She attempted to shove this towards the back of her mind as Baal awkwardly attempted to comfort the crying woman.
"Baal, this man isn't some Jesus figure, I watched Abel choke on a pickle in his cheeseburger. I've seen him trip over nothing. He made me listen to the same song at least twenty times in a row and he still got the lyrics wrong. You can do this,"
"That's...the devil's mark all right," Baals mouth felt dry as he let his finger brush over the red heart, his touch sent a spark over her skin which made her shutter.
"Go get them, baby doll. I'm going to head to bed," she kissed Mishka on the forehead before walking towards her room. Smiling at Cain as he made for the kitchen,
The innocent shouted it back at Bailey who shut her eyes against the voices, feeling tears burn her cheeks. She couldn't stop some of those who already drank, she could already hear the gagging and choking the poison was having on the few who didn't hesitate.
"Everything okay?" Israfil asked as he buckled up, pulling out his phone and scrolling through a music app with a hum in his voice.
"--It's about time, we've been quiet about it for too long," A man said on the show of a big celebrity, "Here's a werewolf pelt me and my old man got when I was only eleven," He tugged an old wolf pelt from behind a large red chair.
"Don't drink it, we're good guys!" Bailey shouted, "we've found who took your kids, it was your precious pastor," She spat the words out as if they were poison in her mouth.
Israfil talked himself up for a few extra seconds, making his way forward in the crowds. He felt alone among the large collection of the innocent, his white guitar stood out among the rest of those around him. The angel hunted for the wolf for hours, making his way past neon lights, small neighborhoods, and shops until he came to a dirtier part of the city. Stopping by a pawn shop, tears welding in his eyes.
“Listen, we’ve told you before, the king has to be a Winchester. That’s what the bloodlines would say,”
"Yeah yeah! Kids these days," The man huffed, waving a hand at her with a snort. "You know back in my day we didn't have MBMBAM's to listen to either. We had to go to a concert to hear our bams! We couldn't just hear it in a second,"
"Guess we'll have to make due," Baal huffed, making his way to a large hippie van, Bailey got to her feet and followed close behind. The handcuffs dug painfully into her skin.
She held her hand out to Dutch who pulled a ring from around her neck and dropped it into the angel's open palm.
"Exactly!" Robin said, finding his voice again, she wasn't looking at him but towards Danjal which sent a spark of excitement in the large demon at possibly being flirted with.
His head dropped as his eyes fell shut, he was back asleep within seconds. Just like Abel, he slept and talked if woken up, and just like Abel, sometimes he said unsettling things. She swallowed hard, pulling her phone out and sending a text to her mom.
"Where are we going?" Abel asked, his words continued to slur and the world around him seemed to swim and move. The blonde stopped him right by the crossroads, pressing his forehead to Abel's with a smile.
"It's just unfortunate how short you are cause your smell just goes right up my nose," He teased, Abel chuckled, knocking his closed fist lightly against the Angels side.
It ended, "I think someone took them," Abel murmured, almost in disbelief. Chamuel glanced over his shoulder to read what had been said, "or something," Cham whispered, his cold breath sent a shiver down the hunters spine.
She scoffed, flipping Abel off playfully. The group made for the front of the home, Baal looking down at his phone confused before glancing to the afternoon sky.
"Abel! Get out of here," Chamuel shouted, the music on Abel's phone kicked into Chamuel's earpiece now. It was his favorite song, on repeat. This turned his chest to a hot lava that burned hotter than the fires surrounding him
The walls were covered in paper, designs, ideas, they hung from the ceiling, covering the walls and floor, scattered among the bed. Sam turned and closed the door behind him, nodding to himself as he spotted even more papers on the back of the wood.
Donnie pulled out his phone, making his way to the knocked out Howler and snapping pictures of the tattoos on the man's arms. The tattoo of the Chamulet was beautiful, colored as if it were stained glass that wrapped around his forearm, the angel, Grace, in the middle with three sets of large wings and a halo. Below her was the Chamulet, it's gold shone bright against the purple and blues of the rest of the tattoo.
The sound of a crow echoed around them but this didn't stop either of the hunters as Abel held his bat in his right hand, Cain holding his golf club in the left.
Chamuel almost choked on his own spit at the other, Abel grinning wider as Chamuel laughed and punched the hunters arm playfully.
"Yeah, Iggys face photoshopped over some biblical painting. Looks great. Definitely not click bait!"
Bailey pulled her gun out, the angel looked at her with wide eyes before she shot. The bullet slammed with full force into the lock, she shot a few more times until the metal lock practically exploded. Baal helped the other get to shaken feet.
Abel found himself racing through the trees of the forest. After Arphaxat's comment he couldn't feel anything but pain and now he couldn't figure out how to get out. The trees glaring down at him, the angry hoot of an owl followed him as he attempted to find his way back. He pushed out of some undergrowth only to fall into a small clearing, groaning painfully and looking up at Arphaxat who stood over him. He was back in front of the black and white home, holding his hand out.
“Nope,” Baal said, turning on his heels and making his way down the hallway once more. A few demons walked in and out of the rooms in front of them, watching him with confusion as Baal charged past them like a bull escaping the slaughter.
He leaned down awkwardly so he was more in frame, giving a small smile until she pushed her cheek against him. He laughed, it was such a sudden thing it caught him off guard, just as she took the photo.
Police walked around the church, chatting with the innocent and carting out a few dead bodies that drank the poison. Theo and Dagmar walked up to the pair where they sat on a bench outside of the church, the sun was coming up now it had taken a while for the cops to show and even longer for the FBI.
"It's a hidden room, library now. But back in the day this house was used to help people of all types," she replied, leaning down to help Sam pick up the piles of books and paperwork.
Abel bought his foot up, kicking Butch between the legs making the monster howl in pain and rage. Turning to Abel just to leap on Cain who stood only a few claw lengths away from him, Cain screamed in shock as sharp claws dug into his shoulder.
"I know," He joked, standing up now the Sigil under him glowed a light orange. The bodies continued to slam themselves against the door, roaring in pure rage and anger. A few had already exploded, covering the front of the store in it's sticky darkness.
"Old ass lock, this place probably hasn't been updated since I was a kid," he said with a bright grin.
“W-What?” Chamuel asked, blinking awake now, the sun was high in the sky. It cast bright lights onto the black car, bouncing it back into the angels face causing him to groan unhappily.
"Damn, I'm sorry," Sam murmured, snapping open the can. It sprayed out, hitting the wall behind him. He gave the can an annoyed glare, rolling his eyes.
“I mean…” shaking his head, “I uh, I didn’t mean to be so snappy with you,” Chamuel finally blurted out, rolling the can between his palms slowly. Not looking at the other as he spoke, “I’m sorry,”
Cain glanced up at her, "how was he supposed to know what it was?" Mishka retorted, she sat beside him while the rest of the ground sat around Abel.
Chamuel blinked at the other, glancing around him he spotted a stick not far away. He might as well try it, right?
The lights flickered back on, the song came to an end. Everyone glanced around at each other in silence, questions hung in the air but the group stayed silent until Cain finally spoke out.
"No, they're...more an urban legion but I guess they're real. At least, now, maybe next we'll find Mothman,"
"Great!" Uriel chimed, laughing. His laughter sent a shiver down Abel's spin, as if his blood was made of ice.
Cain's smile widened at the others words, the discomfort in his pants apparent now as he rolled with her. Holding her down to the bed with an evil glint in his gaze,
It hadn't been said as a question, but a playful jab. It had been the perfect response to get Abel to trust the blonde, it had sent an odd sense of belonging through his system. As if he were in a cheesy romance movie and Chamuel was the knight ready to play a dragon.
"Just like this," Abel whispered into the others ear, "just gotta keep your hands at ten and two, and your feet apart like this,"
Robin didn't recognize this voice but it held a cold darkness to it that sent a wave of nausea through his system. Did they do something to Danjal?
"Hey, stop it. Being a demon isn't just about how to manipulate things around you," she looked around her. Danjal kept a good assortment of guns but she knew the other wouldn't accept it, it'd remind him too much of hunting. Besides, a gun felt too Winchester anyways.
"What is it?" Abel glanced at the man's screen, he had their Twitter pulled up to the private messages. A message from a new account with a generic username sat on the screen,
"He's one of them," they hissed out, slithering towards the pair. Spitting venom to the floor beside the men causing the hell hound known as Mark to growl at the snake-like person.
"Let's go!" He hissed out, Donnie pulled the wires from his laptop letting them dangle out of the car. He didn't have time to deal with it anymore, backing up and turning to leave.
"This is different," Arphaxat murmured, causing a shiver to roll down the man's spine, "He's changing your feelings, he's the one lying. You're just protecting your friend,"
Cain and Abel took a few steps back as the creature slammed its large, clawed fists to the ground. Sending a gust of wind that nearly knocked the men backwards. Letting loose another loud howl that seemed to make the house shake under their feet.
"As--" Abel blinked, he was suddenly in an old looking home. The swing could still be heard but it was so faint he wasn't even sure where it came from. Looking down at his old clothes, he could see a slight pattern to them but the black and white made it impossible for him to make out if he was wearing clothes that belonged to a beloved character. Looking around him and making out a few couches, a window on the wall as well as a few picture frames hung up on the wall.
"No, we're going to get a hotel room, go down there, drop off the soul and go back to the hotel and just relax for the night," Chamuel replied.
Cain slowly made his way to the exit, listening, his heart screamed in a way he never experienced. He recalled the selfie they'd taken, the feeling of closeness when they slept next to each other until Cherm pulled him out of the bed. He recalled her inviting him to play games, how she gave her jacket to a soul she never met. He couldn't describe what he felt as he only stood a few inches from the exit, a few people shoving past him to escape.
"Me and Baal have been counting how many times we've seen him look bugged out of his head," She replied,
"Forty three," Abel finished, glancing up to the large assortment of homes. Bailey walked past him, she didn't seem to need any sort of direction.
Just like that, she was part of something bigger. Something she felt would help the world, something that would get her closer to her revenge on the demon who stole her life from her.
'date' the word lingered in his mind, he never thought of it as a date but should he have? Why would she even want to joke about that? Was it a joke?
A shiver rolled through her body at a sudden chill as they moved towards the kitchen, she tried to pull him in but his eyes fell to his mothers corpse. A few flies had settled on the skin, buzzing loudly into the air.
"You're cheating!" Abel accused, leaping up. Booker followed his action, scrambling over to the other.
"Issy," the angel glanced towards Abel now, smiling at the nickname. He'd never had anyone shorten his name until he met Donnie, silently loving it.
"I'll call for backup," Mishka said with a nod, turning to the manager. They exchanged a few words and raced off the other way. The customers herded after them, a few stayed behind.
"Alright Chamuel," he said, digging into his bag and pulling out a small box. Laying it down he opened it, a few syringes and needles laid inside. Pulling out another box of vials he punched the end of his shot into the vile, letting the clear liquid seep into the syringe.
"What about us?" Vasa whimpered, Baal rolled his eyes. He made for the two brothers, pulling out his pocket knife and cutting away the ropes.
Israfil didn't hesitate, he hopped off the bed and snatched the smart phone off the end table. Turning the small, wireless charger off. He handed it over to the other who shakily took it, he smiled at Israfil before turning it on with his fingerprint.
"Cain, please, listen to me," She started, Cherm swirled around Cain with a joyful smile on its face.
"I didn't hear it fall," He murmured, looking back down in the darkness. He swore, as he looked down, that he could hear rushing water.
"Test results, I wanted to get you an actual gift, but I didn't have time," Abel took the paper from his brother and smiled wide at the man.
"Fear not!" He man's voice angelic as he spoke, a warmth covered the hunter as he watched the angel float a few inches from the ground.
"Ya've never shot anyone before ya just gonna shoot him, are you really gonna risk it? Ain't I ya 'friend' Abel?"
Booker gave the man a puzzled glance, "Do you just get all your information about life from movies?"
Both men stopped and glanced towards Baal who had just entered the home, he was missing one of his brass knuckles and the other was covered in black blood.
Abel groaned, rolling to his feet and putting the cigarette out in a small bowl beside the coffee table. Taking a seat on the bed behind the small chair, laying down.
Sam laughed at this, shaking his head and giving her a grin, "No way, we'd have to have hand sanitizer stations and Pokemon on every table,"
"Oh! Mishka, so-- what's wrong?" Bailey didn't need her to say anything, Mishka admired that about Bailey. The woman had a strong instinct when it came to others, it was something that stood out to her which helped Mishka trust Bailey. Even if the hunter was a little hot headed and stubborn sometimes. The King got to her feet, making her way to Mishka who felt herself shaking.
Abel shut the Impala door behind him, slamming his fist into the wheel a few times in pure anger. It festered within him, he killed his own mother and now Chamuel not only kissed him but did so after telling the other his darkest secret.
"Silver bullet, right in the heart if he attacks," Sam said to her with a serious expression on his face.
"How do we gank it?" She asked, trying to keep her voice low as their server mulled about the diner. She could hear he was listening to some sort of podcast as he went, the sound of a man babbling about Jesus.
"What happened?" Sam asked, Abel rubbed blood off his face with the back of his hand. Shaking his head to clear the adrenaline that still pumped in his veins,
Sam and Bailey looked at one another in shock and confusion before looking back to the angel who shook her head and laughed.
"Would someone else have the rest of that? Or maybe the book? I'm...not even finding it on the web…" Chamuel said with a nervous glance.
"For your followers right? You kids," The man shook his head, he glanced at his watch and sighed. He was already late to the airport and he had to leave, pulling out his wallet. The man handed them a handful of twenties which shocked Abel who took them happily.
"Who made these," Chamuel huffed, grabbing the last string and tugging. Turning the world bright around them now.
Chamuel scrambled from the darkness of the tunnels, Abel following close behind. The men covered in the wet, muddy water of the tunnels. Chamuel noticed the salt that had been placed around the door. Making a mental note as he got to his feet. They stood only a few cars lengths from the old home, Mavis and Morris looking horrified as they raced over towards where the explosion had come from.
"Yeah, I know. And they might find another way, not every king ends up winning and we've still lived thanks to Michaels quick thinking,"
"I thought you were a goner!" Donnie said with a sigh, sitting back in the cold concrete below. Israfil blinked a few times against the yellow light of the headlamps.
“And we’re here to save the world, but we need your help. Keep watching, we’re going to keep posting! If you think you found a lead to a demon, send it to us! If you see the darkness? Tell us where! We’re here to keep you safe, keep your healthy, and be born again,”
"That son of a bitch must be fearless to let those things out in the middle of the day," Baal gasped,
"Hang on, I know it," He said, frustrated with himself until Hahasiah grabbed his wrist. Pulling his towards her with such strength it caught the tall man off guard.
“Cham,” Abels voice broke over the weeping, screaming dreams that had ripped him apart on the inside.
Chamuel’s arms glowed with power as he slammed his hands down onto the ground. The earth under his fingers exploded upwards towards her. She gasped in shock as she was hit with concrete, sending her flying backwards into the wall. The wall crumbled around her, falling apart slightly as she hit the floor. The Chamulet bounced from her hands, hitting the floor with a soft noise.
"Shit!" Robin gasped out, the bull quickly became confused from the people all around screeched and attempted to leap out of the way. The werewolf yelped in fear,
Chamuel glanced to the door to see Principal Vess, he grinned at the men with arms folded neatly behind his back. His eye seemed almost dark as he looked at the group,
Chamuel felt trapped, his light surrounded the man but it was as if the man's energy was too strong.
"Give me the Chamulet, or I'll use all I have and I'm not afraid to kill the innocent people in this place,"
Relief flooded his thoughts, Abel and Chamuel laid on the bed. Chamuel was half on the floor, and Abel had curled into a ball. Asleep on the pillow, snoring softly. He hesitated before closing the door, making his way towards the stairs. He didn’t want to wake them yet, soon sleep wasn’t going to be so easy. Soon they might not get any sleep. His mind troubled as he opened the door, stopping at the top of the staircase. Butch was standing on the bottom step, inspecting the large dents in the strong wood.
He felt the darkness in him, he could feel it moving like bugs had gotten trapped in the depths of his veins. They moved. They bit. But with every sharp pain the necklace around his neck seemed to heal it, stop the pain, his smile grew wide. The demons erupted into whispers as Cain looked to Cherm, then to Obizuth who gave him such a bright smile. He knew it, he knew he was meant to be the king. Not Jesus, not God, not an angel, not even Abel. It was Cain. Cain was the king.
"So my friend finally got back to me," Bailey said as they made their way into the small space. She noticed Norma wasn't around which was odd, the woman would normally only be a few steps behind them.
A spark flashed through the angel, he looked over at Abel again, smiling wide. But he could see the man was rapidly falling asleep, Chamuel chuckled.
"This is gonna suck," He murmured to Cham, Chamuel gripped onto the bed below him. Shutting his eyes tight as Abel sprayed down the wound, the angel shuttered as pain flashed through his body like hot fire.
"The world isn't so black and white” He repeated, “Abe, just trust me! I'm here to help! But I can't help you if everyone knows about it, they wouldn't understand,"
The angel stared up at the dark ceiling. Tears ran down his cheeks as he fell into the darkness of sleep.
"I'm pretty sure Morris is dating Mavis too," the angel said, trying to keep anger from his voice. He didn't want Abel to assume the anger was at him, but it made sense now. Taking the phone from Abel and going to his personal Facebook, nodding slowly.
"You're not a king, Don. You can be with whoever you want," She laughed, though there was a bitterness in her voice that Donnie couldn't place.
"Hey!" She spat at another child who scoffed at it, his dark hair flopped greasily over his eyes, his shirt a few sizes too small for his frame as he looked over the paper.
The world churned under him, again. His vision blurred as he watched Arphaxat hold up his arms and fall backwards. Fear flooded his heart but it vanished when he saw the man melt into the floor.
That isn't some coincidence, Faith never believed in those anyways. She's driving this, somehow, she is and I knew she was the second that darkness came to the surface. That's why I have that," He nodded to the bow and arrow in the other's grip, "There's a reason you were always the best shot in the group. Tell me, why did you start doing archery?"
"I don't know what's wrong with me, I...I just can't seem to let go! I've loved her for years and even kept myself pure for her and now? I don't know. I-I don't know, maybe I'm broken."
Baal blinked away his shock at the beautiful home, moving the bike closer to the keypad so Sam could do his thing. The gates let out a whine as they pulled themselves open, it reminded Sam of entering a cheesy horror attraction at a theme park. The two drove up to the top, Sam noticed the Impala was parked in a garage a few inches from the front door, beside the garage was a large van that looked like a good mix of a weather van and the Mystery Machine in scooby doo. With it's large back end, a skylight opening that held a radar of some sort beside it.
Abel and Cain shared a look quickly, Cain smirked and let out a low grumble that emanated from the back of his throat causing Abel to laugh.
"Hurry up," Bailey shouted, Baal had to quickly wash his face. The germs made him feel as if he was crawling in his own skin.
He was nearing the end of his day now, according to Obizuth, Sam was somewhere close by and the man could feel the itch in his skin to find and meet the other. He knew Abel was a trusting man, too trusting, considering he was being easily manipulated. It wouldn't be difficult to find his way into the others inner circle, especially considering they shared blood.
"Yeah, huge shrine." Abel said as he recalled the stone structure, "Could he be part of it? The Jersey devil I mean,"
“What is all this?” Sam breathed, completely unaware of all that was under this building. Watching with wide eyes as Baal purposefully grabbed a few glass tubes with chemicals.
The bell screamed out into the daylight once more, doors opening and allowing the teenagers to file in. The words “Urbana High” plastered above the church like doors.
Arphaxat sighed, laughing as the soul of the King raced through his veins. The Adinkra fell silent, its golden color turned stale as if it were starting to rust.
He used the wings to lift them high into the clouds, Bailey glanced down in shock at how quickly they had raised up. Baal was panting, exhaustion covered his bones but he couldn't stop moving until they we're safe. He flew towards the truck, she watched the sun falling down behind the city and casting it's brilliant colors against the sky. Turning the scene to reds and purples, glancing up at Baal with wide eyes.
"I'll kill 'em" He snarled out, his eyes settled on something in the middle of the messy hallway. Among the random pages of blank, white paper was something long and metal. He took a few quick steps towards it, it was the golf club.
Abel always imagined New York as all cities, maybe, a few small towns but the fact that it held so many farms shocked the man. They continued through the blur of trees.
"I know you," Baal groaned, "You're that angel who was drawn on all the churches for years. With your baby face and big doe eyes,"
"Sucking some serious dick, huh?" Abel's eyes glittered with mischief causing Chamuel to shake his head,
"I am king!" He spat, "I don't need you for me to be king, I've been waiting for this my entire life. I--"
Norma passed the kitchen, her bright red heels clicked against the blue hardwood as she made for the door that led into the man cave. She trotted down the steps, past the messy table and chairs, eyes dancing over the old plastic cups littered on the floor. The group had done a bit of cleaning but she made a mental note to come back down and pick up what remained.
Abel groaned, putting his foot in the others cupped hands. Within seconds he was hoisted upwards, gasping in shock at how far he was going upwards. Snagging the end of the window, hoisting himself into the tiny bathroom with ease.
"It's okay!" Danjal put a hand out and chuckled, "don't worry Romeo, your girlfriend said you'd do it tomorrow,"
There was quiet that felt as if it lasted forever around them, lightning stabbed the sky above and thunder roared.
"Well," Hahasiah pulled out an old piece of cloth, running her hands over it a few times as she looked down at the angelic text. Dutch silently peaked over her shoulder, her poofy hair falling in her eyes as she tried to read.
"Nice picture, so long as it doesn't fall I think we're in," Donnie said with a thumbs up, his eyes bright.
He froze. He could see the other's innards, he knew it was pointless. Donnie was still breathing but it was faint, Israfil sniffled and continued to press down on his friend, using his jacket to try and stop the bleeding.
“We need to get this on video, I matilda’d the stick!” Chamuel felt his voice raise with excitement, holding the stick up as I'd he pulled the sword from the stone.
"Don't have time for this, Chamuel," Baal said, feeling prickles of panic in his skin as he moved to the two. Shoving the painting into Israfil's arms and scooping the angel up.
Danjal looked a little surprised at first but nodded towards him, it wasn't unusual for reformed creatures to pick up new names, "You got it...Robin,"
"Yeah?" Cain asked, standing up from his spot on the couch. Ready to excuse himself to his room to call his mother,
"Oh yeah," Chamuel snorted with laughter, "I threaten you at least three times a day and you don't listen!"
"Oh me? I'm sorry who's the one who wanted to stop and 'relax' a few hours ago," Chamuel challenged with a laugh in his voice, feeling joy spark into his being. It shook him to the core as Abel laughed.
His thoughts interrupted as the monster latched onto his arm, hot blood raced down the angels skin. He screamed in surprise and agony, grabbed the creature. War raged inside him, this thing went after Abel, it didn't deserve pity. With a yowl of anger he ripped the monster's extended mouth from its body, leaving the sharp teeth embedded into the muscle and bone of his shoulder. The creature cried out in agony as blood showered the hunter below,
"I remember coming back to Normas, I remember...Cain talking to me, I remember pain and you...holding…" he trailed off, studying the other's face.
"We should really get out of here," Donnie murmured, darkness had settled itself outside only a few rays of the sun remained. Donnie had been woken up by the sound of an explosion, silently praying the rest of the group was alive.
"You guys got my number, right?" Abel asked from behind the wheel, Chamuel glanced out to her. Tilting his head, taking a few sips from an old can of redbull.
After a few minutes of chatting Mishka helped Cain order his food, she was surprised to find he didn't eat meat but didn't question it. The two ate slowly, talking about everything and nothing that was until they got back to talking about the fight.
Abel's eyes flew open, he was laying on the floor of Mishka's house. He felt disoriented, his body had a floaty feeling tingling just under his skin. A hand was on his back, shaking him,
Cain and Abel both stopped walking, the hunter sat down against an old tree that curved itself into the waters below.
With that he hung up the phone, the music started up again as Israfil relaxed into the seat. Humming along to the song. Donnie watched him out of the corner of his eye.
After some more liquid courage and a few puffs from a small pipe that was gifted to the two Abel went to work digging into the angel's hand. The wood was deep, having to pull out a pocket knife and open the wounds to get to the bigger pieces.
"Did you see that?" Someone whispered, Israfil looked behind him. A handful of people who'd been on the street watched in horror at the light show above, he grabbed Donnie's arm as if to steady himself, watching the wings reflection in Donnie's cracked glasses.
"Lucky for you, they got some tofu crap!" Abel nudged the other with an elbow, Chamuel couldn't keep the smile off his face as they collected their food and drinks.
"I don't know," she admitted, "but maybe my uncle will," Shrugging at them as she closed the book, "if you want I can give you his phone number. I'll even let him know you're gonna call,"
"Why the FBI?" Abel murmured, "if Bailey didn't sound the alarm to the cops than maybe...someone else did?"
"It belongs to that of a pure soul," he continued. As if on cue the sound of a child's cry echoed around them, exploding into the still air and causing electricity to spark in the wind between them.
Arphaxat held the large beer in his hand, glaring at the counter top in the small bar he settled in. People chatting all around him, moving, laughing. It was almost sickening to hear everyone's joy, taking a small sip of the golden liquid.
The two got back to Bobby's with no issues or police sniffing about, Abel parked the car quickly, scrambled out of his side and made for Chamuel. He helped the half asleep angel down from the car, letting the man lean on him as they made for the beaten up home. The air was freezing, pain sparked through Abel's body as the wind made contact with his skin.
"Anything for me?" Danjal asked, though he didn't expect anything, he felt shocked when Donnie dug into his jacket pocket and dropped something into his open palm. It was a small, soft white and pink shell that reminded Danjal of his home in Hawaii. He could tell it did something, with a few carefully placed screws it was also decently heavy for a shell but from a distance it looked real.
Yanking the stick out of the ground he shoved it in again, pulling himself forward more. It was working! He finally pulled himself free, racing for the opening that was now covered in the same, thick Euphorbia milii thorns that sat uptop his head. He burst through the exit, screaming in agony as the thorns ripped at his flesh.
"See, feels good," Arphaxat whispered against the other's skin, tugging his shirt off easily and pushing the man into the bed. Abel grunted in light pain, his back hurt from the fall but he didn't fight the other as he tugged off his jeans.
"I was afraid you'd say that," Jeg groaned, stepping off the desk. He made his way to the blonde, giving a small smile towards him with his hands up. Before slowly letting a hand rest of the others shoulder. Chamuel felt warmth spread through his veins, suddenly, the pain was gone. The healing grace of the other didn't stop the anger that burned in the depths of the Angel of Wars blue gaze.
"If those police start shootin' those demons ain't gonna take kindly towards it," he yelled to her, she grinded her teeth.
"Hello Mom," he murmured, smiling as she hugged him tight. Comfort flooded over his being as he held her to his chest with a warm grin.
"Alice huh? Wait, how do you have the name Winchester if you never met your father? Wouldn't you have our moms name?"
"It's...just a stupid crush," He continued, louder than he meant to, his smile returning to his features despite the war that raged in his system. The image of Chamuel laughing flashed in his mind which turned his chest to fire. "I'll get over it, thanks Cain," He said with more confidence than he actually had. Nudging his brother with a closed fist, which brought a smile to Cain's face until their breath billowed from their lips once more causing the men to roll their eyes.
"Not bullshit, an angel's blood can do amazing things!" Onoskelis snorted, "Now tell us, which one of you is the King?"
"Please Faith don't take him from me," he begged through tears, Cain watched the others reaction. He'd seen many people cry over their loved ones but it never touched him. People died. That's how it worked.
"Baby, it's okay. It's not a big deal," Arphaxat soothed, "I'll even let you live your entire life! However long that is. When you're done? Well, you will be with me. Forever."
He smelled tears again, his shoes knocked against the wooden stairs as he hopped down them. Feeling more energy than he ever had in his life.
"But...I need to call my brother, I need to ask him," he groaned, holding his stomach as blood rolled down his lips.
“Aw come on, why are you so weird, you gotta have a preference,” Abel insisted, eyes glowing with warmth as he watched the man.
Honey brown gaze filled with concern, 'you are so cute' Donnie thought, his brother's words snapped him back to reality. Brushing the tears from his eyes and looking back at the man,
"So we're just going at night? Place is spooky as hell. And go back to the hotel to 'relax'?" Abel made quotes in the air, humor vibrating in his voice "If I know you we won't be relaxing,"
His eyes flew open with shock, he'd never had that happen before. No matter what seemed to go on with his new archangel statues he was always able to transfer and take emotions with no problem. Was something stopping him?
"Come on, man, suck it up," he told himself, grabbing the door knob he walked into the next set of stairs. Shutting the door behind him, he started downward. Holding his bat tight, his phone light continued to torch the darkness. He was almost halfway down the steps when he heard it, a foot step. Abel could feel a presence close behind him, another footstep. Gripping his bat he turned on his heels, shining his light.
"Oh hey!" Chamuel called, Abel turned towards the other. He had called a few towing garages attempting to find his Impala but couldn't seem to find a trace of her.
"Hurry up!" Baal whispered, she cut a quick square over the Adinkra in the picture and ripped it out. She leapt back over the counter and the two raced out of the restaurant. Baal made sure to leave a good tip due to them stealing a part of a poster.
Cham swallowed, glancing back to Abel with tired eyes, "So, what do we do?" He asked. Thought he knew the answer, he felt the desire to hear the other man say it. As if to confirm their new friendship.
"I'm sorry my body looks like shit," Abel murmured, covering his scars as Chamuel dug around a drawer for a tank the hunter could sleep in. He turned to look at Abel shocked, the other used to take off his shirt whenever he felt like it but it was something Chamuel noticed in passing that the king had stopped showing off the scars he was once so proud of.
Chamuel dropped the religious text into the cart, “Honestly? I don’t know fully. I just know there's more than just what’s assumed,” he said with a light shrug, leaning against the back of the cart.
“Cham stop,” He said, grabbing the man's arm. He knew if Chamuel let off another blast more innocent people were going to die, Chamuel glared down at the man who held onto his arm only for his gaze to soften as he looked at the fear on Abel's face.
"I hear that!" Edgar laughed, holding up a beer with a grin. A few others muttering their agreement.
Baal didn't answer Sam, he held out the bottle for the other who rolled his eyes and accepted the strong smelling liquid. Sam still couldn't wrap his head around Baal who seemed to be the opposite of any demon he met, not only was he not a complete dick but he also seemed to hate germs, not allowing Sam to sit on his motorcycle without putting on the sanitizer.
"If you get my boyfriend eaten by a werewolf there will be hell to pay," Mishka yelled after the group as they started for the door.
"At least, you're not a pawn to me," Donnie added, "You're...my sunshine," He whispered, causing the angel's face to turn a soft shade of red.
Silence followed for a few seconds before he continued, "he said something, something that really scares me."
“Oh sorry, we were too busy saving people.” Abel huffed, scratching his arm lightly causing Chamuel to push his hand down. “Stop scratching your arm,”
Abel walked past Sam, glancing around him in awe. The inside looked as if no one cleaned in years, with ancient beer cans tossed around his feet, the wood creaked with every step he took.
"Yeah, we're new in town," Robin started, holding down the talk button as he did so. "We wanted to take horse riding lessons," Danjal glanced at his friend in confusion. Glancing past Robin and into the fence, he could see a few of the innocent scattered about with the large beasts that clopped lazily beside them.
"It...wants to go outside? Does...it have to potty?" Fritz asked with wide eyes, Israfil didn't answer as he grabbed the handle and slid the door open. Stepping out into the cold air and onto the dirty, cigarette covered patio. His eyes moved to the city, in the middle, he saw police lights. He could hear the sirens.
Abel pushed away from Chamuel lightly, knocking him with a shoulder as he went by. Chamuel followed behind his friend, they trotted down the steps side by side. Chamuels hands buried in his sweater, Abel waved his hands as he spoke. As the two men stepped down onto the floor Abel smiled wide,
"How much do you want to help these people?" The two locked eyes, a flash of fear entered Booker's gaze but they didn't show it.
"Way ahead of you, Sammy," he tossed the shovel to Cham who caught it with ease. Abel recalled a time he'd throw something to the blonde only to have the man recoil from it, now? It was as if they didn't even need to speak to know what the other was thinking.
"I can give you the basic run down of things but it looks like you both already have a grasp on that," The man continued, pulling out a few pictures and placing them down. The pair leaned forward to look them over but Baal frowned, it was some of Faith's alters and stained glass.
Chamuel looked shocked at the burst of power that hurt his friend but he didn’t have time to think about it as the black sludge fell from their hosts. Leaping at Chamuel now causing the Angel to blast a few away from him.
