He’s still rubbing his eyes beneath his glasses as he opens the door, sipping slowly at his seventh cup of coffee. When Steve comes into focus, he nearly does a spit take.
“You’re welcome,” Steve returns softly, offering Tony a smile that’s somehow kind and tortured in equal measure.
“Yoga,” Steve answers sagely, and lowers Tony to the floor, squeezing playfully at his ankle as he pulls away.
Whipping it into shape takes more time than Tony would’ve liked. There are long, grueling phone calls, and the help of one Virginia “Pepper” Potts must eventually be enlisted to get property rights all sorted out. Apparently, SHIELD technically owns the place since Tony relinquished it during the many phases of asset liquidation following Siberia. Rhodey still operates out of the compound, and so does Sam, but neither really use it to train anymore. It takes a lot of fancy lawyering to get it back under Tony’s complete management, and then it’s even more work to stock it with all the stuff this new team needs.
“I mean, yeah, but do you think they let him do that more than once or twice a year? He’s barely sober enough to get through a board meeting, investors probably want what little focus he has to be honed in on the stuff that actually makes money. Guns and shit.”
“Well,” Tony starts, voice brimming with laughter as he takes Steve’s hand, tugs it forward to press a kiss to his knuckles. “I told you I’d fix it.”
“You know,” Tony starts, cutting himself off with a yawn. His eyelids feel heavy, and he realizes that he might look even tireder than Steve does. “Lots of people would kill to get a cheek lick from a Foo Fighter. You could stand to be a little less uppity about it.”
By the time he’s actually standing at the end of the aisle, waiting for the whole thing to start, he’s about to vibrate out of his skin. Rhodey’s right next to him, saying some crap about he’s proud of Tony for letting himself be happy, settling down with someone who really loves him, becoming the man he was always meant to be (blah blah blah). Tony is nodding and trying to direct loving looks towards his best friend every couple seconds, but mostly he’s thinking about how he’s going to
Steve, Sam, and Bucky are currently wedged between the tiny hallway crawlspace between the apartment entryway and the rest of their bedrooms. Steve is pretty tiny, so he doesn’t have to contort too much to fit and fit comfortably. Bucky and Sam, on the other hand…
“Honestly, kid,” Rhodey starts, a teasing smile lifting the corner of his mouth, “Tony has never taken the bus in his life. Everything he knows about public transit has been lifted from pop culture.”
“I don’t sleep as well as I used to,” Steve says, voice injected with a forced type of casual that neither of them believe.
“Yeah, but this isn’t talking therapy. You really think I’d work for you for years and try to send you to
Steve hesitates again, then steps away from the stove and moves toward the sink, reaching for the highest cabinet in the kitchen. His shirt rides up a little in the process and it’s a cliche, but Tony eyes his exposed hip with interest.
(He’d initially asked Pepper to plan the wedding, and she’d laughed so loudly that it drew the attention of nearly every dinner table in their vicinity.)
“Can’t we donate it to charity,” Tony says, clutching the Macallan ‘50 to his chest like a safety blanket. “There has to be a booze charity.”
For some reason Tony has this sudden and overwhelming confidence in his ability to do this, to get to know Steve Rogers and to maybe let Steve Rogers get to know him right back. There’s no rational reason he should think that— no real explanation for suddenly desiring something like intimacy when the thought has made his skin crawl for the past six years, but—
Tony snorts and settles back against Steve’s chest, eyes immediately starting to drift closed. Steve stares down at the crown of his head, breathes in the scent of Tony’s shampoo, and wonders how in the world he got so lucky.
Steve sighs and does indeed go back to knitting, but this is way too easy a concession and Tony should really know better at this point.
Tony tries not to laugh, but Steve has a sixth sense that alerts him whenever Tony’s making fun of him, so he picks up on it anyways. He looks up with questioning blue eyes.
Of course, the wedding party is small enough that they can’t help but run into each other face to face that evening. Steve goes to tell Natasha that he and Sam are going to wrangle Bucky into a cab, and subsequently gets roped into a half-hour conversation with her, Rhodes, and Stark for his troubles. It’s not too awkward because Rhodes is so charming and amiable, easily chatting Steve up about the Brooklyn art scene and his fellowship at the Pratt Institute. Stark doles out lazy interjections every once in a while, cheeks flushed and eyes unfocused as he sips from a cocktail that never seems to empty, no matter how much he drinks.
“I’m growing innovation,” Tony insists, waving his wrench around at the workshop, “technology. World-changing technology. I don’t have time to be planting potatoes.”
“Not just weapons,” Steve sighs, clicking on yet another article about Tony’s “incredible advances in renewable energy”. Most of it seems like mindless PR, but there are a couple of serious environmentalists who’ve aggressively endorsed his work and encouraged an expansion of SI’s charity divisions. “He’s on the R&D team for Arc, too.”
“You know, Riri, they say the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.”
“Don’t think what’s a good idea?” It’s a challenge. Steve knows it is, from the way his mouth takes on a skeptical kind of tilt.
“Rhodey will also be standing in the front. At the ceremony,” Tony explains, waving his hand dismissively. “You just stand next to Rhodey, who will be standing next to me.”
“I’m okay, Tony,” Steve says quietly, and pulls back to look Tony in the eye. He kisses the center of Tony’s forehead, because he knows that’s where all Tony’s anxieties condense and eventually manifest into a series of migraines and/or self-destructive tendencies.
They pile onto one end of the couch, Tony’s head tucked against Rhodey’s shoulder, Pepper’s head tucked against his. They down some of Steve’s heart-shaped sugar cookies and Tony semi-successfully evades any questioning about where they came from.
(That’s a lie, actually. Tony’s proposed many, many times, and Rhodey’s said no, which means he’s thinking about it, so anything’s possible.)
Steve heaves a sigh and brushes the hair off his forehead, trying to get accustomed to the feeling of the shirt rising with the movement. He steadfastly avoids eye contact with everyone looking at him, though the second he turns around to try and find a private corner to text Brock, he runs head-first into Phil Coulson.
And now they hook up every time Tony’s in New York — which is once or twice a month — and they text, and they occasionally talk on the phone, and they’re.. not friends, really, but they’re something. Tony and Steve. Soulmates. Lovers. Forever caught in each other’s orbit.
“I can’t believe you think I’d order a stripper cake for our wedding,” Tony protests, and quietly crosses
Steve freezes, bite of muesli midway to his mouth. He sets down the spoon. He sets down the paper. “Excuse me?”
It’s wrong. It’s stupid. It’s a misguided way of thinking that gets good people hurt more often than it gets bad people what they deserve. ...And yet, Tony thinks that, even given the odds, even given his years of horrible experience… maybe, just maybe, it’s not a choice for some people. Steve was right that first week they both met her - Riri’s not going to give up on this, and if she can’t get Tony’s help, she’s likely to resort to doing it on her own. Maybe it’s coded into her DNA, her fucking destiny, and to try to push back against it is to try to defy the natural order of the universe.
“It’s alright,” Ms. Williams replies in that airy, tired way of hers. “Just force her out before ten.”
“I love you,” Steve says when he pulls back. He rests his forehead against Tony’s and reaches for Tony’s hand, locking their fingers together.
“—so this is it, huh?” Tony cuts in, that same stormy look in his eyes, “This is what you think of me?”
He opens the door to find Steve in his pajamas, too, loose sweatpants with worn out elastic and one of those ribbed white tank tops he seems to wear under everything.
Tony pauses, considers, then tentatively scoots a little closer to Steve, resting his head on the tight line of Steve’s shoulders. Steve’s still for several moments, but then he returns the pressure, leaning slowly into the touch.
Tony pokes his head out of the bathroom, and the sight of Steve with bare feet and low-slinging sweatpants is so perfectly domestic that it makes him want to jump out of a window. It takes him a probably noticeable amount of time to finally say, “Yes, beloved?’
“Jesus Christ, no, Rhodey doesn’t give a fuck about any of that! I just didn’t think she actually liked him that much!”
Steve opens his mouth to offer some vague, nondescript answer, but the words die in his throat when he catches sight of a figure cutting a very familiar, lazy gait across the street. His eyebrows must shoot up to his hairline because Brock swivels to look, too, and makes a not-so-subtle sound of derision at the sight.
“I’m sorry that I—“ she cuts herself off, looking down and then out the window, blinking away her own tears. Tony holds her hand, tangling their fingers together. She looks back towards him, a faint, shaking smile on her lips. “I’m sorry that I couldn’t help you, couldn’t be what you need.”
The priest goes off on another bit about their love, but Tony’s just staring at Steve, drinking in the way he looks. The usually unforgiving lines of his face are softened by candlelight, and he’s staring at Tony like they’re the only two people in the universe. He looks like he does when he’s just woken up, when he’s making Tony dinner, when Tony’s ruffling his hair. He looks like home.
“I don’t want to live in Kansas,” Steve turns to him, and the look on his face steals the breath right from Tony’s lungs. He wraps his arms around Tony’s waist, lifts Tony off the ground, and kisses Tony’s laughing mouth. “You idiot. I love you so fucking much.”
At one point, Steve considered abiding by the instructions of his better angels, putting his earphones in, and sparing Tony a fraction of the humiliation. And then he pondered the last time he had stealthily eavesdropped on one of Tony’s conversations, and quickly decided that this was the universe granting him some kind of karmic retribution.
Steve is inside him, spread out under him, hands braced on Tony’s hips as Tony rides him until his thighs ache. Tony is close— eyes-squeezed-shut-gripping-Steve’s-hand-in-warning kind of close—
“First of all, I’m perfectly capable of burying the body myself,” Natasha says primly, and Steve concedes that this is probably true. “Second of all, why is the only possible reason I could be calling you murder-related?”
Seconds later, the Exterminatrix is lying in a crater in the concrete, blinking and shaking faintly as America restrains her properly.
"Is there something I can do for you?" Tony asks, because it's too early for literally every single part of this conversation. He rubs pointedly at his straining eyes.
When he finds a Stark Industries USB Drive in his P.O. Box that afternoon, his first instinct is to toss it in the blender. It’s small, sleek, and black, a strangely heavy weight at the center of Steve’s palm. He tries his best to ignore it for the better part of the evening, but after a while it feels like it’s burning a hole in the pocket of his sweatpants. Despite the fact he’s risking infecting his entire household with Tony Stark’s Cyber-Virus Revenge, he succumbs to his curiosity and plugs the drive into the port on his computer.
“Should I call someone else? Rhodey? Pepper?” Steve murmurs. He’s standing next to Tony, looking down at him with wide, concerned eyes. He hesitates, then reaches out and brushes the backs of his fingers along Tony’s forehead, gently sweeping his hair out of his face. It’s the kind of touch that’s so gentle, so tentative, that Tony could easily shrink away from it if he wanted to.
Steve’s throat constricts and he’s afraid he won’t be able to say anything without crying. It takes a couple seconds to find his voice.
“Shut up,” Natasha says, “it’s okay if you don’t have time, though. It’s obviously not an emergency.”
“Because I’ve been your friend for four years and for the majority of that time you’ve been, like, right on the edge of murder. We’ve got an apartment pool going on how long you’ll last.”
“Fuck,” Tony says breathlessly, pressing his forehead against Steve’s, “fuck, okay, hold on— I’m trying to do this thing where I make responsible decisions at least 85% of the time, or at least for the things that matter, and you— I think you, really, really matter, so I don’t want to fuck this up, I don’t want to do this period if you’re not—“
He pulls back, loops his arms around Steve’s neck, and frowns. “Why do you smell like one of those little trees they hang in cars?”
(Tony doesn’t know where it comes from, but sometimes it feels like everything in the whole world rests on one of them being right. On there being some sort of resolution.)
He doesn’t. He curls his fingers into the front of Steve’s shirt and tugs, clumsy and uncertain, like he’s still half asleep. Steve comes down easily, but he braces one hand on the edge of the kitchen counter, maintaining a little distance between them as he stares at Tony with hard, questioning eyes. He’s close enough that Tony can feel the warmth of his breath. His mouth looks soft and familiar.
Steve wrinkles his nose, slides one hand up to trace along the grooves of Tony's collarbone. “Sugar Plum?”
For a second Tony's confused as to why Steve's hesitating— because everything else he's thought Tony needed thus far has been given so quickly, so easily. It's only when Steve actually settles against the bed and starts gracelessly rambling about ranked choice voting that Tony realizes maybe something about this is different. Maybe it’s something Steve needs, more than Tony, even, and he didn't quite know how to ask for it. Based on the way his eyes seem to be drifting closed—even as he keeps talking—Tony thinks he might be right.
And Steve is sporting a rapidly spreading blush as he stutters out a “what does that have to do with anything”.
“Yes,” Tony insists, annoyed, hungry, and only halfway through his first cup of coffee, “I thought it was a tacit agreement that Thursdays are pancake days. You’ve submitted my stomach to Pavlovian conditioning. It’s Thursday, I have a craving.”
Sam apparently received at least one of Steve’s forty-three messages, because he’s already in the room, lying in Bucky’s bed. Bucky’s face is tucked into his shoulder and his hands are curled into Sam’s sweater. He appears to be dozing peacefully, though Sam’s eyes are puffy like he’s been crying.
Steve freezes in place and looks up, face suddenly washed out in the red light from the open doorway. His features dissolve into abject terror as he realizes where exactly Tony is and what he seems to be doing, and before Tony can fully comprehend what’s happening Steve has crossed the space between them, wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist, and yanked him firmly away from the edge.
perfect, but in another sense, it kind of totally is. Because after everything they’ve been through, he never expected to get out without a little damage and, when the sadness clears and feeling edges its way back into their hearts, the view from the other side is fucking spectacular.
Steve freezes, narrowing his eyes. It is in this moment that he realizes he’s — he’s going to say yes. He’s going to say yes, even though Rhodes still hasn’t approached Natasha for a reconciliation. He’s going to say yes, even though he goes back to New York in a week and he has no idea what Tony’s plans are. He’s going to say yes, even though he told Tony mere months ago that he was the last person on earth he’d ever make this concession to.
“—Anyways. Okay. Number one. I’m, uh, really fucking sorry about Natasha and Rhodey. While I honestly thought she didn’t like him and he was just kind of temporarily infatuated her, the second we skipped town I realized that wasn’t true.” The blue webbing of the hologram parts, and a few photos of Rhodes pop up, looking fairly unhappy at what looks like various LA clubs and parties. In one, he’s clearly rebuffing the advances of some girl, buried in his phone and ignoring her completely as she paws at his arm.
“I think you should bring back the old costume,” he says sagely, stopping in the middle of the lawn. He holds an arm out and Steve easily steps into his space, tucks against his side.
(He’ll say this to her, days later. He’ll tell her - looking down at his work because he can’t meet her eyes as he says it - that she has an incredible mind, but an even more incredible heart. And she will break into a truly radiant smile, rap her knuckles against the helmet of her armor, and say, in a decisive voice, ‘Ironheart’.)
Tony has only seen a pressroom go completely hear-a-pin-drop quiet three times in his life: first, when Obie released Stark Industries’ official statement on the tragic and sudden deaths of Howard and Maria Stark, second, when he told the world he was Iron Man, and third, when Captain America said ‘why should I give a fuck about America?’
Tony hangs up the phone and looks at Steve, who is already looking at him. He’s sitting on a chair against the back of the workshop, his feet propped up on a table with a poetry book splayed open on his thighs. Steve quirks an eyebrow and, with a sudden, startling clarity, Tony realizes he knows what Steve’s thinking. It’s been a long time since they had that kind of closeness, one that translated to nonverbal communication. Tony smiles a little, and Steve smiles back.
But when he doesn’t, he wakes up to find his husband curled into a little ball at the furthest end of the bed, and Tony has to carefully unfurl him in the early hours of the morning.
For a solid minute Tony can’t foresee either himself or Steve getting it together enough to go upstairs, so he thinks they’re really gonna go all the way right there on the kitchen counter, but then Steve’s phone rings.
"Not yet he doesn't. I bought him a basic tactical one for Christmas, he sleeps with it strapped to his thigh."
And at the end of the day, he hopes that he’s tired himself out enough to fall asleep the second his body hits the mattress— but it is, unfortunately, never that easy. Now that there’s nothing in his hands to distract him from what’s been lurking in his periphery all day, all that panic moves front and center. Whether it’s concern for the fate of the universe or the horrible, sinking feeling that he’s not going to be able to fix this— the notions are suddenly and utterly immovable.
Some part of Steve knew this was coming from the second he stepped into the apartment, but it still makes his breath catch in his throat. Even after he’s spent half a decade memorizing everything about Tony Stark, he still has the ability to pull the rug out from under Steve, to completely sweep him off his feet.
. When he finally re-emerges, Steve is pretending to be asleep in their bed, and Ruby is trotting up to him with her ears tucked back, shoving her wet nose into his palm.
“So that’s your full explanation then? You got scared that I was more interested than you were, so you ran away?”
The next morning Steve turns up on his doorstep in worn out jeans, yet another flannel, and gardening gloves. In his arms is a huge cardboard box with flowers, seeds, and shovels. He’s got a smile that’s equal parts optimism and stubbornness.
“Alright, Lindsay Lohan, that’s enough of that,” Tony steps forward, places a tentative hand on Steve’s shoulder to keep him upright. Steve looks at him with those ridiculously lurid eyes, a strange contrast against the shadows that seem to have subsumed the rest of his face. “I’m not sending you home like this. Hop in the shower.”
“All visiting friends! You need companionship. Steady companionship. I know how you get when you don’t have it.”
Maybe he’d stayed so long at the station because the thought of coming home to a Tony-less apartment — especially when he’d spent an entire day and night there, in Steve’s clothes, no less — was absolutely gut-wrenching. Steve didn’t understand why he’d gotten such a potent taste of what their lives might be like if everything hadn’t gotten all twisted up in recent years. It was clearly a form of retribution from Mother Nature stemming back to that one time he’d been too lazy to wash out and recycle his yogurt cup.
“A little, I guess.” Steve tries desperately not to squeeze Tony’s fingers tighter, feels a shaky breath rattle in his chest. “I never let myself think for too long. This just feels more—“
“You gonna call me?” Steve asks, leaning back against the pillows, smile soft and sated. “You never call your hookups.”
“Oh yes I fucking have!” Tony insists, though his confidence in that statement wavers, slightly, at the firmness in Steve’s jaw. “I proposed when we fought Doom! I proposed while we were in bed after the shareholders dinner!”
. At some point Tony lets Steve down, only to push him up against the closed door, wrap his arms securely around Steve’s narrow waist.
He walks into the workshop one morning to find a truly massive bouquet of rich red flowers sitting on his desk. There are roses and poinsettia leaves and fuzzy grey willows. Tony’s first thought is that it’s some sort of evil scheme, and that if he takes a single step closer the flowers are going to blow up. He spends an inordinate amount of time frozen in the doorway.
, Steve can’t help but think: well. That’s the end of that, then. Because Tony’s got more responsibilities than ever before, and he can’t possibly have time to grab a coffee with the little guy from Brooklyn who rejected him that one time and also skipped out at the end of a very lucrative internship with his company.
“No,” Tony says, and for a brief moment, he wants Steve to be here. Steve would take one look at Tony’s face and clear the entire house so he could have a little space to deal with this. In lieu of a star-spangled knight coming to rescue him, Tony tucks his anger tightly against his chest and says “no” again, sharp and insistent.
Then Steve remembers several things at once, and steps back, fixing Tony with an accusatory glare and folding his arms in front of his chest so he remembers to keep his hands to himself.
It’s not that they don’t fight, because they absolutely do, and in ways that are definitely not…. normal.
“It’s okay if you think it’s silly,” Steve laughs, rubbing the back of his neck. “It is kind of silly, but— well, with all this revamping of Stark Industries going on, all these critics coming after you in those fancy tech magazines— I just thought.. I don’t know, DUM-E was the first thing you ever made, right? At seventeen. You were brilliant before any of those assholes gave you the time of day, and you’re still brilliant now. Obviously.”
Tony’s been on the edge of these little episodes so many times that he should really see them coming from a mile away, but he’s always deluding himself into believing he has it under control.
“Okay,” he breathes, arousal twisting in his stomach as Steve moves down to kiss his neck, “okay, so, I feel like the plan should be: we have sex.”
“She better be,” Tony scritches Ruby under the chin, “considering how much I pay for her food and accommodations.”
“You didn’t have to come yourself,” Steve says, suddenly sheepish. “I thought you’d just send an intern. Or your new PA.”
He runs his thumb along the line of Steve’s jaw, then unceremoniously flips them over. Steve makes a little ‘oof’ sound, but he’s laughing too, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist as Tony settles comfortably between his legs.
And then in the same month, Obadiah Stane was arrested for embezzling funds from Stark Industries and Steve’s best friend got in a car accident that cost him his arm.
Sam snorts around the lip of his beer. “Until he passes out? Or one of the brides stabs him to death. Either works for me.”
Steve, despite being high enough that he forgot his own middle name a half hour ago, breaks out into a cheesy smile, cheeks flushing pink. “When you bought the…” he starts laughing a little, and, Jesus, he’s beautiful, “
Tony doesn’t hesitate. He rises up off his knees and draws Steve close by his neck, gathering him against the warmth of his body. Steve presses his face into the silky fabric of Tony’s pajamas, wraps his arms around Tony’s lower back, and holds tight.
. He’s laying it on pretty thick, it feels like some kind of strange role reversal. His face alone is this horrifying mixture of hope and snark that’s doing something to Tony; dulling the sharp edge of his judgment, making him feel a little soft in the head.
“You know,” Steve says thoughtfully, looking up at Tony with mirthful blue eyes. “I think I still have it.”
“Stop oppressing me,” Tony grumbles, eyeing the green concoction in front of him with no small amount of distaste. Steve personally thinks he’s being a bit of a baby about it. He tried the kale. It wasn’t that bad.
“You draw?” Tony asks, inclining his head slightly at Steve’s sketchbook. Steve presses down the urge to huddle it closer to his chest.
Tony pretends he’s still working, but really he’s watching Steve sink into a deep, fitful sleep, the kind that makes him snore frighteningly loudly. When Tony had first met him, he clocked about 3 hours of rest a night. These days it’s closer to 9, and Tony can even make him forgo a morning run with careful employment of his feminine wiles.
“Yeah,” Tony agrees, looks like he wants to say more, then abruptly closes his mouth. “Really good.”
“Let’s get a swing for the porch,” Steve says, tugging Tony up against his side, almost in his lap. Tony melts helplessly against him, face half tucked into his shoulder, arm thrown loosely around his waist. His eyes are starting to blink closed, now, but he can see Steve through his lashes, smiling down at Tony with this strange combination of mischief and fondness. Tony dimly registers that Steve’s probably planning to smear muscle gel all over his lower back the second he falls asleep.
Tony opens his mouth to argue that that’s not how this works, but he snaps it shut at the realization that Steven Grant Rogers is fucking with him. That twinkle in his eye has accelerated into a full-on glimmer, and the ends of his lips are twitching. Jesus, he hates this man. Or maybe he wishes he did. Tony can’t really tell the difference anymore.
She lets him hang for one, two, three more seconds, then she slowly wraps her arms around his neck, presses up against his likely disgusting sweaty form, and kisses the life out of him.
Until, the Avengers take down a HYDRA base in the rural south, and Tony flies deadstick for the first time since New York.
Natasha delivers the remark with the tone one might use when commenting on the stock market, the inconvenience of road traffic, or Bucky’s mildly smelly gym socks.
But it’s not like that, now, it just can’t be. With Steve laid out in front of him and a quarter of an edible at the pit of his stomach, there’s nothing to do but take his time and get reacquainted with all the perfect imperfections of Steve’s mouth-watering body. Steve is so easy for it, too, just spreads out and lets Tony do whatever he wants, kissing him with sweet, searching lips and breath that tastes like chocolate.
“Okay,” Steve chews on the inside of his cheek, wishing he knew what on earth he was going to say, “okay, yeah. I’m gonna go talk to her. Jesus.”
A string of unsuccessful one-off appointments followed until he’d mentally, emotionally, or professionally scarred the top fifteen psychiatrists in the tri-state area. He then moved on to a brief reign of terror in Malibu, where Pepper conned him into attending exactly one appointment set up by SHIELD Medical, which ended in the recommendation that he never, ever be put on permanent payroll.
He assumes that’s the end of it and goes back to running his finger around the rim of a vodka martini. There’s a guy who definitely wants to sleep with him yammering on about something in the next barstool over, so he tries to think about that instead.
The flowers are pretty. Tony tries not to think about them too much - Steve pulling at the blooms with gentle fingers, tucking them in Tony’s hair, leaving bunches of them on Tony’s bedside. It’s exactly the sort of thing he’d have done when they were together, and sometimes, when they’re sharing space like this, it’s hard to remember that they’re not.
Steve’s locked on Tony’s eyes and Tony can read desire in the lines of his expression, knows that this is what Steve looks like he wants something but he’s determined to deny himself. Tony’s fingers loosen where they’re clasped around Steve’s shirt. The moment freezes and breaks apart between them.
“You don’t have to,” Steve reassures again, “but if you want to try, then I’ll be here. Do the whole hand you tissues, feed you ice cream bit.”
He left the door to his bedroom cracked open and there are blue eyes staring at him from the sliver of space.
Despite Riri’s disclaimer, she starts coming to the farm almost every day. Tony wishes he could be annoyed about it but she really is an intelligent, fascinating kid, and she’s recently dropped out of MIT, so if she’s not spending the day in his workshop then the only person she’s got to learn from is herself.
Steve is smiling, too, now, and hopefulness breaks across his skin in an uneven flush. He stares at the hair, which is simultaneously the simplest thing in the world and entirely impossible altogether.
“No,” he says and slams the door shut, pressing his back against it. He’s certain he will regret this initial reaction in a few moments, but he needs a beat to catch his breath. Who gave Steve this address? How did he even get out here? Did he ride the motorcycle four whole hours outside the city?
“Love,” Steve says, and when he meets Tony’s eyes he has that same curious tilt to his expression. “Did you mean to do that, or are you talking too fast for your brain to catch up?”
They keep frowning at each other, but Steve starts to break immediately, the hard lines in his expression softening into a smile. And then he’s grabbing Tony around the waist, lifting him off the ground, and spinning him in a circle, and Tony’s too in love to remember to make fun of him for how corny that is.
Tony winds a hand through his hair, tugs his head back down and resents Steve’s responding chuckle. “Uh-huh. Alimony has been an absolute nightmare.”
Steve receives homemade baked goods in droves during the Christmas season — either from grateful rescuees at the fire station, the parents of the art class for toddlers he teaches on Saturdays, or just old ladies in his vicinity who are magnetized to his buff, calming presence. Tony privately thinks Steve’s haul is consistently better than the absurdly expensive Godiva Gold Collection box three of his trustees get him every year, so he’s grateful for the opportunity to raid Steve’s stash.
“Steve. You’re very sweet for trying to assuage some of the pain of aging, but, honestly, I’m a big boy. I can handle it.”
“Isn’t that for people who are, like, chaste?” Tony had asked, waggling his eyebrows and slipping his hand beneath the loose elastic waistband of Steve’s sweats.
Clint has apparently trained himself to sleep with his eyes open. Now that Fury can’t actually see him, he’s abandoned all pretense and is snoozing openly on the couch, a line of drool hanging from the corner of his mouth. As he sleeps, Natasha paints the nails on his left hand 5 different colors. Bruce always gave the impression he was following the powerpoint on his tablet, but he’s actually just reading unrelated scientific journals on his tablet.
Steve winces. “Well. Mr. MacDonald’s land is mostly his own - I’m just kind of renting the room there. I feed his chickens and take care of the horses sometimes, but he doesn’t really have space for me to plant anything.”
“You’re absolutely fretting,” Tony smiles crookedly, rubbing Steve’s bicep soothingly. Steve does his level best not to melt under the touch. “And now you’re scowling! Adorable. Come on, let’s go home.”
“Geez,” he mutters, brushing a light kiss on Tony’s hair. “For me it’s been a week and a half, but Richards said back here I was barely gone for half a day. Was it longer?”
“Does it surprise you?” Steve chokes out a bitter laugh, chest still tight and roiling with anger. “From the second I met you I knew it, Tony Stark — you are the last person on earth I could
“Okay, fine.” Tony says, flicking his sunglasses up over his head and smiling shamelessly at Rhodey. “I’ve accepted it. Can we talk about you now?”
Two hours later he’s lying on the floor of the workshop with his feet in the air, thinking there’s no way this is helping more than it’s hurting. He communicates this to Steve, who’s doing the same pose next to him, and Steve turns his head to frown disapprovingly at Tony.
“I mean, you obviously do,” Riri rolls her eyes, which is, unfortunately, a habit Tony thinks she might have picked up from him. “But whatever. Tell me what I’m doing wrong here, why won’t this turn on?”
Tony laughs a little, then the light in his eyes dims, replaced with a kind of stormy doubt that Steve wants to banish to the depths of hell forever and ever. “I’m kind of a fuck-up, Steve,” he starts, and Steve’s grip around his neck tightens protectively. “The company is— it’s a mess, I’m still figuring everything out. I’m gonna lose so much money, transitioning completely like I have been. I might have to sell the tower, the lab, I might fail completely—“
“Why don’t you have a Christmas tree up? Or any decorations?” Tony asks, fiddling with a string at the hem of the sweatshirt he borrowed from Steve. It’s big and warm and it smells like Sandalwood. “You love all that crap.”
on an unrelated note... i will be participating in the marvel trumps hate fan auction! ppl are still getting everything together so i don't have a page to link yet, but my minimum amount is $5 and i'll write u ~10k of Happy Things! also ur 5 dollars would be going to a rlly good cause that u get to pick :) i strongly encourage everyone to bid or spread the info around to others who might be interested in bidding! it's gonna be really good and fun <3
Steve swallows, but presses forward, his wounded pride spurring him on, “You ruined his life! You took away the best job he ever had! And you didn’t even tell him why, and he’s been struggling so much this past year and you don’t even care!”
Like he said, it’s a good three days, which is exactly how Tony knew it wouldn’t be long ‘til something came along to ruin it.
Steve’s mouth tips into an absent smile. “You promise to eat?” he asks, fishing his phone out of his back pocket and scrolling through text messages.
Ned, who works on web design, says that Tony custom-made him the missing piece to his lego death star when he lost one last year, so that basically makes him eligible for sainthood. Steve internally concedes that that’s… kind of adorable.
Natasha hums in agreement and Steve sits back in his chair. Who does he know in the mayor’s office? Who does he know who could request a personal audience with the mayor of New York and actually get it? And then, for a moment he thinks—
Steve wraps his fingers around Tony’s wrist and gently tugs it away, this soft, perfect look on his face. He bends down to kiss Tony again, and this time their bodies slot together, and Tony can push a hand up under the hem of the sweatshirt, run his fingers along the smooth skin of Steve’s stomach.
“Gross,” Steve teases, wrinkling his nose and leaning forward to press a sweet kiss on Tony’s mouth. Tony can’t resist making it a little dirty, introducing tongue and sliding his hand around Steve’s hip and over his ass. From the way Steve sighs against his lips, he doesn’t seem to mind.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, even though he’s still laughing. He presses his lips between Steve’s eyes and pulls back to look at him. “You were heartbroken,” he agrees, and Steve leans up to kiss him, and, hey, maybe they can have a normal fight.
hello... once again big love to anyone who's still with me i read every comment and they bring me so much happiness <3
At first, Steve doesn’t really think much of it, because these kids are weird. They use six different apps to communicate and they’re having completely different conversations on each of them. They also have hour-long discussions made entirely from meme references. He likes them, he appreciates their work, but they’re definitely weird. Assuming their strange proposal is just a symptom of being a nineteen year old in the digital age, he jots down directions from Peter, loads the binder into his messenger bag, and starts off on his bike to the address printed out for him.
“Are you feeling feverish?” Steve asks, pressing the back of his hand to Tony’s forehead. Tony allows it, even though he knows it’s nothing more than an excuse to touch him.
“To engage in conditional compassion, to only honor the service of people who look and think like you do, is the most un-American thing I could do. America is only meaningful as an ideal, as a standard of equality and kindness that we have to fight to achieve every single day.” He’d shaken his head and let out a frustrated huff, like he couldn’t quite believe he needed to have this conversation with somebody. “You can go on thinking I’m an affront to American values, Mr. O’Reilly. I’ve never fought for people like you. I don’t like bullies, especially bullies who don red, white, and blue.”
“Oh, are you complaining, now?” Tony asks, even as he gently, deliberately slips his away his hand, idly wiping his fingers on the inside of Steve’s thigh.
Peter swallows the bit of muffin he was chewing and raises his hand in an awkward wave. “Hi, Mr. Stark.”
“Maybe you weren’t gonna jump,” Steve starts, though he doesn’t look particularly convinced of that, “but you weren’t exactly stepping back, either.”
Thor’s doing something with lightning in the background, Tony feels the thunder in his bones. Steve’s clutching his arms and asking him something.
There’s nothing erotic about it, really. Tony just wants to lay on his chest until he’s not sad anymore. Steve always said he felt a little bit better about the whole world, when Tony was laying on his chest.
So Rhodes does his spiel. Natasha attacks his logic, his choices, his life, and his friends. Rhodes gives a second spiel. His audience seems no less hostile.
Rhodey and Pepper laugh at that, and Riri seems so pleased that she keeps complaining to a bare minimum as Tony loads her and his traitorous friends into Rhodey’s rental Prius.
It manifests differently in both of them. Tony wakes up violently, shouting or thrashing, and he hates for Steve to touch him immediately after. He has to excuse himself to the restroom, sit in the empty bathtub for a couple hours and repeat to himself:
“Why?” Tony smiles, eyes clouded with desire as he runs his hands up Steve’s bare torso, “‘Cause naughty boys get punished?”
So that means Tony’s the one who has to learn how to develop some form of self-restraint, which is pretty tough ‘cause he has 36 years worth of experience that tells him he’s all but incapable of such a thing.
“I liked you,” Steve shrugs again and presses his shoulder lightly against Tony’s. “You were - you...
“You wanna head home?” Steve asks. He’s pulled the cowl off and his usually flat, neat hair is sticking up in funny directions. Tony grins at him.
The next morning Tony puts the top down on one of the less expensive convertibles and drives them right into upstate New York. He doesn’t tell Steve where they’re going, he doesn’t listen to his music requests, and he refuses to pull over to the side of the road so they can fool around.
That’s not to say everything fucked up about their lives just disappears. They might be able to get to sleep pretty easy, but waking in the middle of the night is a stubbornly persistent problem.
“His net worth is 100 million dollars?” Steve balks, though he’s momentarily distracted by the smell of mac and cheese wafting from Sam’s direction.
They spend an awkward amount of time looking at each other like that, a foot of space between them, neither really sure what to say, until Steve — tired of fearing rejection, of second-guessing intentions, of holding back — moves forward and throws his arms around Tony’s neck in a hug. Tony hugs him back immediately, hands settling at the small of Steve's back. He smells like coffee and expensive aftershave.
Steve consults the watch strapped around his wrist, a ridiculously precise and ridiculously Swiss anniversary present from the man standing next to him. “It’s 10 PM.”
Riri sits on the floor, the closest to the TV. Work goggles rest atop her curls and her eyes are glued to the screen, body leaned forward as if in anticipation. Tony can’t see her face from this angle, but he imagines it’s a combination of excitement and concentration. There’s a discarded writing pad to the right of her, where she appears to have scribbled a series of complicated notes and diagrams.
Though Steve doesn’t actually tell the kids that he had a considerably less charitable experience with Tony, he thinks they probably guess it from his expression and tight tone of voice. None of them seem to hold it against him, and MJ even says Tony can come off like a grade-A asshole if you never get the opportunity to really know him.
Steve makes pasta that’s covered in sun-dried tomatoes and some kind of creamy sauce with bits of bacon in it. He puts garlic bread in the oven as well. Tony sits on the counter beside the stove and steals tastes off the end of his spoon when he’s not looking.
A month and a week later, Steve sees Tony Stark at a gallery opening in midtown. He takes a moment to ruminate on the irony -- he’s barely gotten the chance to celebrate the man’s departure, and he’s already traipsed back into Steve’s life in an impeccable three-piece suit.
“Ugh! “ he exclaims, looking down at them with an expression of utter betrayal, “Is it your ass? Is your ass that much bigger than mine?”
Steve doesn’t even seem to register the answer as he crosses out of the kitchen in four long strides. He pauses at the table where Tony is seated, but Tony is distractedly scanning the day’s headlines on his tablet, wondering if he’s got a video conference with Happy this afternoon or tomorrow? He ought to start using his calendar, he can never keep these things straight nowadays.
Steve reaches forward and lifts the veil, swiping his thumb along the tear tracks on Tony’s cheek. “So sappy,” he teases, and Tony reaches to tug him forward by his tie, and kiss him with far more tongue than is appropriate for a Family Friendly Event. He’s pretty sure there are people cheering in the background and someone’s playing the wedding march on an organ, but the only thing that matters is the heavy weight of Steve’s arms around his waist, the feeling of Steve’s breath across his mouth.
Tony doesn’t even know how he manages to say ‘I do’ on cue, because he honestly feels like he’s going to start full on sobbing at any moment. He’s also pretty glad they decided against doing their own vows — Steve thought it was silly and performative, the most romantic thing Tony could come up with was 2 minutes on the mystifying powers of his fiance’s ass.
Steve says nothing, just smiles more and ducks down to kiss Tony. He pulls away and reaches one hand between Tony’s legs. There’s something hauntingly beautiful about the shadows across his jaw, the power behind broad his shoulders. As imposing as he looks, Tony swears he’s never felt anything as soft as Steve’s thighs bracketing his hips.
Steve can practically hear the gears in Tony’s mind turning, weighing the emotional losses and gains of the moment.
The longer Steve talks, the more caught up Tony is by the story instead of his own thoughts. It’s not the image of Steve in makeup and a skirt that distracts him, really, though that’s compelling enough that he’ll be considering it further at a later date. It’s more the thought of Steve in a dressing room surrounded by a group of pretty, perfumed, whip-smart women that he clearly had no idea how to talk to, laughing, blushing, and just generally making a fool out of himself because he knew it’d make them laugh.
“It’s— it’s been in my bag, I keep it on silent during the workday. What’s going on, guys? Who’s been calling?”
“That,” Tony says, though he doesn’t even feel the usual shiver of pride that accompanies those words. “And... other things. Remember when I called you? About a week and a half ago?”
“Steve,” Tony says, capturing Steve’s wrist in an impatient grip. His eyes are bright and laughing and he’s grinning that grin Steve loves, the one that makes him look just a little bit crazy. “Steve
There’s a tentative pause in the recording that, for some reason, makes Steve’s breath catch a little in his chest.
Anyways, the point is, Tony and therapists go together like sandpaper and bare ass, so when he sees Pepper’s scheduled an appointment with a Dr. Burford this weekend, he promptly deletes it.
Tony doesn’t respond to his email, but he has a pretty good excuse as to why. He and Sam are watching the news when, seemingly out of nowhere, they start rolling footage of a Stark Industries press conference.
Steve stops sucking on Tony’s collarbone and sits up, bracing his hands on Tony’s chest. “I already brought you burgers. From Shake Shake Shake. Probably have to pop ‘em in the microwave, but.”
“You know you do this thing,” Tony says, stealing a piece of lamb off Steve’s plate, “the prettier you think I am, the meaner you get.”
Tony braces his hands on Steve’s chest as if to push him away, but then his drunk brain registers the feeling of Steve pressed against him as
Tony pauses, wipes his greasy hands on some already greasy napkins, and sits back in his chair, staring pointedly at Steve. “You really are stupid, you know that?”
Natasha, who is lying next to him and also breathing the slightest bit harder than normal, turns her head to flash him a quick smile. And it’s not a creepy murder smile, either, it’s actually kind of sweet.
“Yep,” Clint scratches the back of his head, “yeah. That would be the one. Richards says it’s fine though! The chances of him getting spat out somewhere benign are very, very high. Plus, he’s got the shield! And a loaded gun. Thor went in after him — it shouldn’t take them that long to find him. They… said… not to worry?”
It only took three more “accidental” lab fires for Tony to ask him out. After one year of the best, most intense relationship Tony had ever had, he’d worked up the nerve to propose. And things were fine — great, even, over the three years following the wedding. They had their problems, of course, they were wildly different people and sometimes that made partnership difficult, but every obstacle was so inherently surmountable, because Steve loved Tony, and Tony loved Steve, and no matter what kind of fucked up shit was happening in their lives or in the world, that would always, always be true.
“You’re too old for that shit. And it hasn’t happened since our early twenties, since the years after your parents… anyways, I know something is wrong. And whatever, you don’t wanna tell me, that’s fine. I can’t control that. But you know what I can do?”
supposed to be the guy who wanted to curse their marriage? So he’d given in, somewhat reluctantly. Unfortunately, the rest of their invitees were occupying all of the actual guest rooms in the mansion, so Tony had been exiled to what was formerly the servant quarters. It smelled a little like moldy t-shirts, but he supposed this was what Dr. Phil’s was talking about when he said ‘every marriage requires sacrifice’.
It’s therapeutic, has been since his MIT days. Superhero business isn’t actually the stress relief some might assume it is. When Tony’s hitting someone in the face with a repulsor blast, he’s too scared they’ll get back up again to, like,
He looks soft and tired and Tony can almost feel a specter of their younger selves haunting the booth, talking about midterms and girls and how totally over jargon-y academic writing they were, pretentious as hell even if they’d never admit it now. It’s maybe a romanticization of an actually considerably rocky period in Tony’s life, but he doesn’t really care. If there’s one thing in his life worth romanticizing, it’s Rhodey.
“They’re too young,” Tony shoves a very large bite of cake into his mouth, and doesn’t bother swallowing completely before he says, “they’re... squishy.”
They get into a screaming match in a Stark Industries conference room with glass walls. It’s so bad and so painfully public that Tony has to make everyone on the floor sign an NDA, because if it gets to TMZ it’s going to affect stock prices in a unilaterally terrible way, and that’s the last fucking thing he needs right now.
That should’ve been the end of it, but after signing the papers Tony only made it one silent, lonely month before turning up at Steve’s new apartment in Brooklyn, drunk and pleading. Steve, like the sappy asshole he is, gathered him up in a hug, held him close for hours, and kissed him after Tony had sobered up enough to consent.
But he’s incapable of saying no to anyone, so he agrees to a dance, then another dance, then another, enduring Phil’s awkwardly intense flirting all the while. He keeps looking for Brock, but Natasha takes a break from stroking Rhodes’ biceps to tell him that she chatted up a couple of his friends, and, apparently, Brock couldn’t make it and probably would’ve been more inclined to make it if the party hadn’t been hosted at Tony Stark’s house. Steve grimaces and sighs, but doesn’t have too much time to think about it anyways, because Phil’s popped up by his side again, commandeering him for yet another horribly long remix.
“We visited the 107th before it arrived, and that was when I— left my short-lived acting career behind.” Tony’s still looking at his knees, but he can hear the faint smile in Steve’s voice. “Millie’s still alive. She owns a distillery in the Scottish Highlands, if you can believe it. We email sometimes.”
“Okay,” Tony says, and there’s a slight shuffling noise. “Okay, I’m going to do it. —Thanks, Pep. Sorry. I love you.”
Steve is just standing there, that look of concern frozen on his face. “I don’t—“ he starts, sounding unsure of himself. “I don’t know if we should go back down there.”
“Can we do fireworks,” Steve asks, looking up at Tony with lidded blue eyes. Tony considers the itinerary he’s put together in his head. If he cuts the third encore for AC/DC, they will possibly have time for fireworks.
.” The changing emphasis makes something heavy and uncomfortable settle in the pit of Steve’s stomach. “You live with three roommates in a disgusting health code of a building. You are literally a starving artist. You’ve gotten arrested at three different protests in the past six months alone. Also, your body is constantly on the verge of just giving out on you. My dad would’ve hated you, and Obie, god, Obie would literally kill me if he knew I was here, ‘cause not only did you not go to an Ivy, there’s also the small issue of you not being a woman—“
“Stark Industries. The payment came from Stark Industries. Pepper Potts. James Rhodes. Peter Parker.”
Tony’s heart melts. —Not a pathetic amount, though. Just enough that he can still be very suave and look largely unaffected by his earnestly charming husband.
“Sorry, I’m in the sitting room and they’re—“, she coughs, smoothing her voice into something more measured. He hears a little shuffling in the background, and he assumes it’s the sound of her stepping off to somewhere where she can’t be heard. Or distracted.
November’s probably a little too early to be making a Resolutions list, but Steve’s pretty eager to leave most of the past 10 months behind.
The conversation had been more confusing than helpful. Ultimately Tony decided to give up and begrudgingly permit the presence of America in his home. She’s secretive, pretty mean, and definitely has some sort of deep rooted mommy issues, but whatever. She’s Steve’s, and at some point in the last few months, that has come to mean that she’s Tony’s as well.
This is possibly an inappropriate thought to have while said ex-husband is pushing him up against his apartment door and trying to get his hand down Tony’s pants, but Tony has admittedly never excelled at being appropriate.
Steve startles awake at the sound of his voice, seeming to choke on the breath of his own snoring (which is very attractive) as he fumbles into a sitting position. The heart-shaped box falls off his chest and a few uneaten chocolate tumble onto the floor.
And then it— and then it changes into a whole other thing, and not because Tony’s been an idiot, no, this time,
“Confessing my love to you,” Tony frowns at the garland in his hand, and looks back up at Steve, eyebrows drawn together. “It’s not going so hot, I’ll admit.”
Tony barrels forward. “—and, like, I’m not saying change because I don’t like your clothes. Your clothes are great. Love your clothes. And you always smell good, so I guess you don’t need to shower either. But maybe you smell good because you shower so much. Yeah. That’s probably—“
Steve tries to get up and sways a little in the process, one hand shooting out to steady himself on the coffee table. Tony only manages to watch him teeter for a second and a half before has to say something.
“I’ll be over in thirty,” he sighs, turning on the sink to rinse out his brushes. “Text me everything you want from the apartment. I’d say text me the address but I assume ‘Stark Tower’ is already on Google Maps?”
His initial reaction to the inside of the lab is ‘ah, organized chaos’. There is not a square centimeter of desk space that doesn’t have either piles and piles of notes, some kind of robot, a takeout bag, or a computer on top of it. There’s a whole bin of what looks like empty fire extinguishers in the corner, and there’s a glob of green sludge hanging out the side of the biohazard waste bin. It looks… sentient.
Tony blows a very loud raspberry to cut Steve off, and promptly stumbles over to the couch. Ruby hops up next to him and rests her head on his thigh.
They can’t really do a whole lot at this angle, so Tony gets up out of the chair, barely breaking apart from Steve to do it, and leans back against the end of the kitchen table. Steve kicks away the chair he was sitting in and properly wraps his arms around Tony’s waist, one hand trailing past the small of his back, their bodies pressed together. “Tony,” Steve pulls back, breathes against his mouth, but Tony recaptures his lips, unwilling to let this moment completely slip away from him. Steve gives into him for a second, kisses Tony thoroughly and attentively, somehow unbearably sexy even though he tastes a little like an Asiago bagel, but eventually he pulls back again, blue eyes brimming with questions.
Tony grins lazily up at him, very narrowly resisting the urge to just start taking his clothes off. “Maybe you coupled up with a sappy guy.”
“First of all,” Tony hisses, narrowly resisting the urge to throw a piece of bacon at Steve’s head, “that literally makes no sense whatsoever. Second of all, we are going to have a talk about you discussing our sex life with the Winter Soldier.”
“Yes,” Tony agrees, sitting up and reaching into his back pocket for his cell phone. “But I also want to lick you.”
“Jesus Christ,” Steve mutters, rifling through Tony’s cabinets with his nose wrinkled in disapproval, “all you have is Red Bull and coffee. I’m pretty sure you’re supposed to refrigerate Red Bull. Where is all the jasmine green tea I bought you?”
because Steve, full grown at 4’’11 and 95 pounds, could reasonably be classified as a little thing himself.
“Third cabinet left of the sink,” Steve leans down to press a chaste kiss on Tony’s mouth, immune to morning breath because of course he was. “No more brownies, though.”
“Did I?” Tony asks, head lolling to the side to look at Steve. Steve touches the smile lines around his mouth and eyes. He has a spot of dried chocolate ice cream on his face and he is so beautiful that it still makes yearning twist in the center of Steve's chest.
Tony fishes his phone out of the back pocket of his jeans, heart sinking as the text on his screen confirms what he'd already suspected: his flight has been delayed. Indefinitely.
Viz doesn’t seem to read anything into the tone of his voice, because he presses on with that same absent expression. “Oh, yes. You might’ve met him -- James Rhodes? Apparently, he was dating someone who expressed absolutely no interest in a future with him. She might even have been manipulating him, taking advantage of his kindness. Tony convinced him to cut his losses and focus on his career.”
Then Pepper says they’re all workaholics with a Problem, so they go upstairs and bicker about how to spend the afternoon and what to eat for dinner. The only thing on cable is Braveheart, and even though Friday can stream anything Tony wants, Rhodey looks offended at the suggestion that they’d watch anything else when Braveheart is readily available.
“Hello,” Steve laughs, holding up the most intricately folded, strangely shaped paper football he has ever seen in his life. “What the hell is this?”
(Later, Tony will think that this is just how they get, sometimes. It’s one of their Things - their terrifying, near-mythical Things that don’t make sense outside of their little sliver of the universe. They can be as safe and happy and secure as physically possible, but every now and again one of them will be struck with the terrifying notion that it’s all going to go to shit.
Steve's entirely unashamed as he meets Tony’s gaze, eyes startling, blue, and sharp. “Just wanted to see you.”
They sit down with their backs against the front of the house, sides loosely pressed together. Tony doesn’t know what time it is - maybe four o’clock, from the height of the sun in the sky. It’s cold and he’s hungry, but he doesn’t want to move.
“You need help, Tony,” she tells him. She runs her hand through his hair, presses warm kisses along his forehead. His eyes close against tears.
He doesn’t even know how to describe it, really. Something changed. Something that made Tony realize the urgency of protecting Steve, of protecting his idealized America, of fighting for it with him, even when they disagreed, maybe especially when they did.
“Forever. She accepted a job opening down here. We’re looking for a fourth person to sign the lease for fall.”
To the surprise of exactly no one who’d actually met Steve Rogers, ‘not too long’ ended up being far, far, far too fucking long. Steve stays inside him the whole time, but he just kisses Tony agonizingly slowly, massages the insides of his thighs, occasionally grips his hips and pushes up in a thrust just hard enough to spark arousal but not hard enough to get Tony any closer to finishing.
“I like the walls,” Steve shrugs, knocking his knuckles against the side as if to demonstrate. “Makes me feel covered.”
is me replying to your email,” Tony insists, and Steve is so hopelessly enamored by the fact that this man has no idea how to do anything halfway.
Steve’s about to tug Sam into the light because eavesdropping is wrong, but a snatch of the conversation gives him pause.
“I bought this,” Tony says, and watches in delight as Steve’s brow furrows even further, and he gets this silly pinched up look on his face like he always does when Tony’s thinking faster than him and he’s annoyed by it. “I bought this entire tract of land.”
It’s no use trying to keep him out, Tony supposes. He learned a long time ago that he could plaster his whole body with signage declaring ‘WARNING: HAZARDOUS MATERIAL’, and it would only further tempt Steve Rogers’ self-immolating tendencies.
Steve, even in the throes of passion, manages to pull that ridiculous ‘oh, me?’ expression. Tony grins and drops a kiss into the hollow of his neck.
“Weirdo,” Tony accuses, then regroups a little, taking a deep breath. “Anyways— the situation is, obviously, I love you. I did this very weird, very embarrassing, very— ugly set of things because I love you. And I want you to be happy.”
Tony waits for him to trudge all the way out of the living room — keeps waiting, for the click of the bedroom door — before calling Pepper’s friend to tell her he’s not feeling well.
Tony doesn’t know what to say, because for someone so supposedly brilliant, it really only takes one besotted rambling from Steve Rogers to undo him completely.
“I’m sorry,” Tony closes his eyes, and imagines a beach. A beautiful beach in Fiji. Thousands and thousands of miles away. “Barton, I’m gonna need you to repeat that for me. And it’s probably best if you get a good arms-swinging length away first.”
They both go quiet for a bit, and Tony starts to think— yeah. Maybe this is nice. He can see the appeal. It’s peaceful, but not absolutely silent— he can still hear the faint thud and rhythm of the music outside. It’s warm, too, especially where Steve’s legs are pressed up against his. Throw a couple pillows along the tub floor and he could spend the whole night here.
I know it’s you doing all of this. If you think you’re being even remotely subtle, you’re an idiot. Thank you. I will never forget everything you’ve done for us, we definitely owe you.
But Steve, goddamn Steve, just makes his way behind the kitchen counter with this amused little smile on his face, presses a kiss to Tony’s cheek, and says “oh, sweetheart. You cooked.”
At first, Tony’s eyes pass over him like they pass over everyone else— critical and to-the-point. He’s a built blonde with a sweater that doesn’t fit right and an expression that means he’s either depressed or too smart to like the people here. Either one forebodes the kind of complicated that Tony’s avoiding tonight, soooo
, crows his lizard hindbrain. Tony hates this, hates how even if Steve isn’t saying anything, even if he’s just sitting in the back of the workshop talking to DUM-E in a low voice and humming under his breath, his mere presence makes something pleasant unspool in the pit of Tony’s stomach. Or maybe Tony just wishes he hated it. Again, it’s hard to distinguish between the two these days.
“One metro card does not an expert make, Tony,” Pepper chimes in mildly, tearing off a piece of a roll and popping it in her mouth.
“There’s something wrong with my face. Pepper, what is wrong with my face? Is it the hair? Is it my nose? Does my nose look weirdly swollen to you?”
There are three video feeds. The first one features Brock bullying some of the younger interns at the company, the second one is Brock using what looks like excessive and unnecessary force to take down a girl covered head to toe in Tony Stark paraphernalia, and the third is Brock shaking Howard Stark’s hand with the smuggest, smarmiest look on his face.
Steve pinches him a little, but laughs as Tony kisses him, tipping their foreheads together. Tony’s absolute favorite thing about being married is that they don’t have to talk after that, but they can still be together — they go home, they brush their teeth in exhausted silence, they crawl into bed next to each other, and they conk out completely, Ruby dozing fitfully at their feet. And Tony isn’t stuck there, wondering if Steve still likes him or if he’s doing enough to entertain him, because Steve doesn’t stop touching him for a single second. He runs his hands up Tony’s sides, he kisses his neck, he throws one perfectly sculpted leg around Tony’s waist. The feeling of him snoring against the back of Tony’s neck is actually probably most reassuring.
“Fine,” Tony leans up against the doorway. Steve looks like he wants to touch Tony but he won’t until he has explicit permission. Tony wants to grant him that, wants to feel Steve’s arms around him more than he wants to breathe, but the words are stuck in his throat. “M’Fine, I just couldn’t sleep.”
They may all be tired, overextended, and perpetually on the edge of bankruptcy, but dammit if they couldn’t eat good food and collectively cry during nostalgia films. After all, Steve’s mom taught him to be a firm believer in the power of the little things, and she insisted on multiple occasions that it wasn’t
Tony takes a moment to process this, because it seems like some kind of sick joke. As he considers, he notes that the blankets start to feel uncomfortably warm and the last vestiges of relaxation are draining rapidly out of his chest. Excellent.
, Tony thinks. “You are an incredible father. She loves you so much and she’s the happiest dog in the world.”
“You always want to lick me,” Steve points out, slowly advancing towards the bed. Tony’s gaze rakes hungrily over his frame, but before he can point his camera at Steve’s perfect, glorious abs, Steve’s putting a hand on his wrist, making him lower the device entirely.
“I need a better security team,” he says, voice loud and authoritative even as he pinches the bridge of his nose in annoyance.
And that’s — that’s actually probably the most mature thing to do, so Steve doesn’t have a retort. He just leans back in the booth and looks down at the ruins of his food, wondering why on earth his palms feel so clammy? The diner has A/C, so maybe it’s the leather. Yeah. Probably the leather.
Tony scowls and makes a vague gesture towards Peter. “It’s for him. He’s having a romantic meltdown.”
Tony’s smile softens and he reaches forward to swipe away a little Garlic sauce at the corner of Steve’s mouth. He licks it off his thumb, leans back in his chair, and shrugs. “Guess you’ll have to stick around and find out.”
Tony doesn’t have time to ravish him because their guests are arriving, but he hopes Steve takes the heated press of his gaze for the promise that it is.
“You have to try,” Steve says, suddenly, voice sounding small and childish to his own ears. Something stubborn sets his jaw.
The ambient sounds of Brooklyn rise up to meet the silence between them— thudding footsteps, rushing cars, drunken laughter. The world seems to tilt a little, and Tony wants to kiss Steve so bad it hurts, but there’s a voice in his head saying:
Second, every last one of Bucky’s hospital bills gets paid, right down to the prescription for the extra-power pain meds their crappy health insurance won’t cover. When he interrogates the billing department, they insist over and over it was a strictly anonymous source.
“—Sorry. I just spent an hour and a half explaining AI stuff in a level of detail some might describe as ‘excruciating’. I think I’ve caused you enough pain, so I’m just gonna skip over that. I guess I’m just avoiding getting into what I really want to say. I feel like I owe you an explanation for last night, because sometimes I can come off kind of… asshole-y. Yeah, I’m definitely an asshole. I guess I’m just not used to people outwardly calling me an asshole, and I—
“Well, his prospects were barely fine to begin with. He was always gonna wake up in Brooklyn." Steve pauses meaningfully, eyes narrowing just the slightest bit as he stares Tony dead-on. "With me.”
On screen, Tony fires a repulsor blast at Steve’s shield. The resulting white-hot beam takes out a row of Chitauri. Tony smiles a little despite himself, a soft, forgotten thing.
. He’s starting to realize that he can’t be spending all his time barreling towards death, because then he misses a little thing called Every Moment Worth Living For, which keeps happening in the background.
“Ow,” Steve says, but he’s still smiling, even if it’s tinged with a little uncertainty, “What’s wrong?”
“You’re a futurist, right?” Steve asks, and he tugs Tony closer, so his chest is pressed up right against Steve’s chins. Tony keeps looking at him, lovely dark eyes swirling with sadness and interest in equal measure. “I know what that means now, because you’ve spent at least a hundred breakfasts explaining it to me.” Tony chokes out a wet laugh. “You don’t just predict what’s to come. You shape it. You decide it. So I need you to do that, here, for our lives."
He’s not Tony’s kid. Peter belongs to someone else, owes answers and justifications for doing this to someone else. He repeats this in his mind once, twice, three times, but the knowledge does nothing to abate this looming sense of responsibility, the one that clouds Tony’s judgment and makes it hard to sleep. He needs a fucking drink.
Steve jerks to the side to find who else but Tony Stark, with his back to the bar and his legs spread so wide that it’d be impossible for someone to occupy one of the seats next to him without touching him. He’s wearing his usual posh clothes - expensive looking jeans and a white button down with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. There’s a Rolex strapped around his wrist and a glass of whiskey clasped loosely in one of his hands.  He looks like an ad for a men’s fragrance that costs more than Steve’s annual salary.
—But the rest of that syllable is lost to a slight yelp as Steve brings down the hammer, and the oil sump absolutely shatters, the pieces breaking apart and giving way to an honest to god
Because Steve doesn’t wake up screaming, he doesn’t shake the bed, he doesn’t twist the sheets. He —
“Don’t like the sound?” he asks, unfazed as he leans against the doorway. He’s effortlessly handsome - all dark skin, straight teeth, and perfectly placed dimples. Tony has a stray thought about the stability of his marriage that he doesn’t entirely regret.
“Not even if I believed you were capable of that,” Steve shoots back, mouth tipped in a crooked smile. “I’m not letting Tony Stark into my shitty one bedroom apartment. The water currently coming out of my faucet is brown.”
They do what they can with what they have. At the center of his heart and the pit of his stomach, Tony is certain it's sustainable
He’s not the same as before the snap, that comfort with permanence and domesticity has been replaced with the crushing anxiety that his mere presence is enough to create a catastrophic disturbance in the course of the universe. Most nights he wakes up choking on his own breath, and during the others he doesn’t sleep at all. Pepper can’t be his caretaker and his partner - they moved past that sort of dynamic years ago, and it’d be a disservice to them both to go back.
Tony has an early morning flight -- Tony always has an early morning flight, except these days he's inclined to actually make them on time.
-- but there’s something about Riri that makes him stall. She hasn’t so much as glanced back at him since he came in, even though Tony knows she’s watched this footage - she’s watched the footage of every public Iron Man fight from the past ten years - about a million times. And Tony knows it isn’t because she puts the Avengers up on some kind of pedestal - it’s the exact opposite. She’s watching so closely because she’s cataloging his every mistake, already programming and re-programming the schematics in her mind to work through or around Tony’s most obvious pitfalls.
His first indication that something might be off is that there’s only one car in the parking lot, and it’s.. not a practical car. It’s a cherry red convertible with, like, six McDonald’s wrappers strewn across the front seat and a tiny printed out photo of Freddie Mercury taped to the windshield. So that’s… weird. But Steve’s key card works on the door, and Peter’s instructions for how to navigate the inside of the building work out, so he keeps pressing forward.
Over the next couple months, he falls in step with Steve and watches their lives slot together in ways that should be impossible.
Tony takes a small sip of his coffee, unreasonably pleased that he continues to be such a horrible influence.
Steve is blushing again, but now it’s an anxious, troubled red. He runs a hand through his hair and looks somewhere to the left of Tony’s head. In a faraway voice, he says, “Yeah. Me too.”
“We can stop talking about this, or I can send you home and eat this entire pot of pasta by myself. Your pick.”
“Hey,” he breathes, mouth tipping into a small, soft smile. Tony returns it, but a million times brighter and better.
Riri is completely unperturbed by Steve’s presence. She’s just as driven, determined, and prickly as always, inexperienced yet full of a kind of innovative genius even Tony doesn’t think he’d tapped into at that age. There’s something sad fueling her, he’s certain.
“You found the ring,” Steve guesses, barely even looking up from where he’s spreading aloe vera across the expanse of Tony’s palm.
Steve snorts again, hooking his hands around the backs of Tony’s thighs and pulling him impossibly closer. “Well, you always did get sentimental around the holidays.”
Tony doesn’t seem all too concerned with the situation. He’s seated on a squishy armchair in the corner of the room and currently eating ice cream straight out of the tub with what looks like a fork. He seems far more intent on getting the ice cream to stay on the fork than actually paying attention to whatever crisis Peter’s currently in the middle of. Ruby is spread out at his feet and looking up at him with judgmental eyes.
“Okay,” Steve mumbles, running a soothing hand up and down Tony’s back, “okay, yeah. I’m sorry, sweetheart. I’m sorry.”
“Okay,” he says, but the next time Steve reaches for a plate Tony catches him around the wrist and squeezes, channeling gratitude through the press of his fingers against Steve’s pulse.
“—It’s not your fault,” Steve interrupts, frowning again. He pushes his fingers into the softly curling hair at Tony’s nape, tugging insistently, “it’s not. But anyways, that doesn’t matter. I like you, too.”
Tony is silent for a few moments, then he leans forward and braces his elbows on the table, blinking curiously at Steve. “Rhodes knows she’s here. He stalks her on social media for half an hour every morning. If he hasn’t done anything about it on his own, then should I really interfere again? Would she even take him back?”
He ignores the confusion that settles onto Natasha and Rhodes’ expressions, instead luxuriating in the light embarrassment and surprise that manifests on Tony’s features. His eyes widen and his smirk drops off completely.
The audio cuts more cleanly this time, and the photos of Rhodes are swept away, suddenly replaced with pictures and recordings of Brock. It takes a moment for Steve’s brain to comprehend what he’s seeing, but the second he does his stomach starts to sink.
, something that sparks and puffs and doesn’t do much else. It’s his own fault, he keeps getting distracted by this sweater Steve left hanging over one of the work chairs. Every so often Tony’s gripped with the urge to reach out for it, press it to his face and breathe in the scent of Steve’s aftershave and stupid Arm and Hammer deodorant. But he
“Funny,” Riri muses, giving the wrench in her fist a hard jerk. The engine roars to life beneath her hands. “Sounds like science to me.”
Contrary to what her leather fetish gear might suggest, the footage Friday dug up of Oubilette “Exterminatrix” Midas suggests that she can’t be older than twenty-three, maybe twenty-four. He feels like he ought to be calling her parents rather than dismantling her evil plot. He supposes, if they’re efficient, there’ll be time for both.
(Steve still does lots of stupid, unnecessary, dangerous shit, but at least he makes an honest effort to tell Tony before he does. And, at Tony’s vehement direction, he stays the fuck away from Reed Richards unless the world is actually, literally ending.)
Steve and America spar sometimes, in the front yard. They’re only evenly matched when Steve sets a no-portal rule, though America is unafraid to break it if she starts losing. Tony watches and pretends to referee from the front porch, marveling at the fact that Steve never looks so profoundly happy as when he’s getting his ass handed to him by someone he cares about.
At first it’s deeply and profoundly terrible. Tony’s eyes strain against the harsh fluorescent lights in the gym, Natasha keeps trying to strangle him with her thighs, the whole area just smells like old tires for no apparent reason.
Objectively, Steve is happy for Tony. It seems like something he’s wanted to do for a really long time, and the fact that the company will be moving away from war profiteering and moving towards fixing global warming is good for literally everyone on the planet. The fact that Tony’s going to be doing this on his own, rebranding an entire company, reorganizing an entire conglomerate, all in the name of making positive change, it’s…
“I just missed the sound of your voice. I’d been in and out of meetings all day, I was exhausted. And the only person I wanted to talk to you was you, except we haven’t been so good at talking, lately.”
“Oh,” Steve shrugs, all casual as he brushes a little ash off Tony’s eyebrow, “no sex tonight, then. Hey, do we still have scrabble at home?”
“…so,” Steve says, brow tilting skeptically, “for the first day of our honeymoon, the whole day, you want me to… do yoga in front of you? And you just watch me?”
Tony’s laughing, too, now, staring at the crack in the floor like it’s the most ridiculous thing he’s ever seen. He steps through the mess and reaches for Steve’s shoulder, bracing one hand on him and pressing the other to his stomach, doubled over in hysterics as a stitch starts to form in his side.
They put shirts on, and then Tony gets hungry, so Steve makes him a grilled cheese. For a while, the only sounds are the sizzle of Steve’s favorite infomercial frying pan and the insistent whistle of the wind outside. The near-silence is somehow fraught with sexual, romantic, and angst-driven tension all at once.
“There’s something about a man in a kilt,” Pepper muses, eyes raking appreciatively over the screen, “Even when that man is Mel Gibson.”
“Well, I’m having a romantic meltdown, too. My husband’s an asshole who won’t let me eat an entire carton of ice cream in peace.”
Well. Steve is reading the paper. Tony is pretending to read the news on his tablet, but he’s actually alternating between sipping his coffee in a loud, somewhat passive-aggressive manner and giving his boyfriend a series of increasingly sullen looks that he doesn’t appear to notice.
Steve opens one eye to look at the mess, then opens his other eye and starts to smile. When he looks up at Tony’s shocked expression, he exhales a throaty laugh, whole faze seizing in joy. He lets out another peal of laughter, pressing a hand over his mouth like he’s surprised he could make the sound. His eyes are creased at the corners, practically shining behind long, sweeping lashes.
She doesn’t wait for Steve or Tony. Steve pulls the key from the ignition and Riri's off like a bullet - throwing open the door and jogging into the sand, stopping at tide pools, collecting shells, and generally ignoring the both of them. She does, however, allow her mother to trail just a few feet behind her, engages her in conversation, shoots fond smiles at her when she thinks none of them are looking.
“Steve Rogers,” Tony is deeply embarrassed by the fact his voice seems to be shaking, but it’s not enough to override his angry determination. “I am your
“I would really prefer you didn’t,” Steve sighs, but his eyes are already drifting closed, so Tony decides it’s not a serious rejection.
Steve can’t help the flush that rises on his cheeks at the question. He’d recently broken his 7-months-long no-fistfights-in-alleyways streak over a guy giving a girl a hard time at one of those pretentious hipster bars in Brooklyn. Natasha had offered to cover up the healing bruise with foundation, but Steve thought it’d be hardly noticeable in the poor lighting of a party anyways. Apparently not.
Steve momentarily looks up from the drawing on his laptop and rubs a soothing circle on Sam’s back. He thinks Sam’s probably less annoyed by so many of their friends getting married and more annoyed by the fact he’s been working back to back shifts at the hospital all week.
Tony slumps a little in his arms, resting his head against the crook of Steve’s neck. “Maybe. If you’re difficult about it.”
didn’t expect to round out the day picking up his husband from a police station, but sometimes that’s just how these things go.
Steve tilts his head, eyes an infuriatingly innocent blue. “Pretty slow on the uptake for a genius, huh?”
“You did,” Steve decides. “And I know you’ll tell me what it was eventually, so it’s fine if you want to pretend otherwise now. I can wait.”
“We’re going to have a fight in the morning,” Tony tells him, tilting his chin up to look at Steve. “Our first fight as a married couple.”
“You can’t stop any of them from doing this, Tony,” Steve says, shaking his head. Tony looks at him and finds Steve already staring, eyes kind and attentive as ever. “You can discuss it with their parents. You can advise them on a different career path. You can try to keep saving the world yourself. But the fact that they’ve all gotten this far — it just means they’re really determined to do some good.”
Tony yawns again, and Steve fixes him with a look of painfully gentle admonishment. It’s a testament to how fucking nuts he is these days, that this makes his heart skip a beat.
Even though everyone refuses to give him direct confirmation, it’s so infuriatingly obvious that it can’t be the work of anyone but Tony. It reeks of his particular brand of benevolent yet emotionally-stunted idiocy.
“This is what you do to calm down?” Tony asks, and feels a small wave of affection at the thought of Steve leaving parties to just… come up here. And sit alone, twiddling his thumbs and waiting for everyone to leave.
“Rhodey and I are liaising at 2, and I spar with Natasha at 6,” Tony lists off, “but— you wanna do a late dinner?”
They’re about to rejoin the festivities when Sam braces a staying hand against Steve’s chest, nearly sending him tumbling backward. He looks at Steve with wide eyes and suddenly Steve realizes it’s because they can hear approaching voices and footsteps, people speaking in low tones who are clearly clueless to the fact they’ve got an audience.
Tony initially resists the temptation to roll his eyes at the self righteous note in Steve’s voice, then thinks ‘what the fuck? Why am I pretending it isn’t obnoxious?’, and rolls his eyes twice for good measure.
“Nothing important,” Tony shrugs, and this time he does look up from his food, with eyes so clear and so honest that Steve actually believes him. “I don’t know why I didn’t think of you before— you’re actually pretty perfect for the position.”
Mrs. Barnes and Becca turn up closer to the evening, armed with Kugel and Babka. Steve steps out for a moment and gives them a little privacy, but not before getting his cheeks squeezed by Mrs. Barnes and his ass slapped by Becca. They try to force-feed him, but he gracefully fends them off upon seeing Bucky’s intense evil eye. He’s still fasting, and Steve knows he’s got a thing about not getting first crack at his mom’s food.
He hasn’t set foot in a police precinct since he was — god, he doesn’t even know, seventeen, maybe? Sixteen? Before Howard got every police chief on the Upper East Side in his pocket, started bribing them to take Tony straight home. Unsurprisingly, they look mostly the same, except now the flickering fluorescent lights are gonna give his middle-aged brain a migraine.
“No, Steve, Thanos got the upper hand because we let our interpersonal bullshit get in the way of saving the world. Maybe if we were both well-adjusted adults without the aforementioned laundry list of character flaws, then Zemo wouldn’t have been able to break us so easily.”
And then Tony is reaching for his hand, the rough pads of his fingers sliding over Steve’s skin in a way that sends a thrill darting down the line of his spine, and Steve tries very hard to remember I hate him, I hate him, I hate him, but despite the chorus echoing in his head he finds himself being led away from the bar and towards the center of the dance floor. He looks down at where Tony’s fingers are clasped loosely around his and the sight makes his breath catch in his throat.
“I understand your apprehension. He is an acquired taste,” Viz says wryly, eyes fixed on the corner of the room where Tony is entertaining a small, laughing crowd. “You don’t know him as I do. He has a good heart.”
Tony very graciously decides he’s not going to say anything to that. “Why are you still here, Steve?”
The guy who definitely wants to sleep with him has left, and Tony is still staring at Depressed Sweater, and Depressed Sweater is still staring back, like they’re locked in some sort of telepathic mind battle. It’s Tony who breaks first, surprisingly enough, looking down at his drink and wondering with considerable gravity if it has been spiked.
When he gets home from the appointment, Steve is sitting on the floor outside the workshop waiting for him. He sees Tony approach and rises to his feet, sketchbook sliding off his knees and onto the floor next to him. He’s honest to god wringing his hands like some sort of nervous matron and looking at Tony with wide puppy dog eyes. Peed-on-the-carpet Puppy Dog Eyes, specifically.
Steve, who has his head in Tony’s lap, eyes him suspiciously. “And you are not getting married in Mark-42. We’re wearing real suits. —Well, you can wear a dress if you want, but I’m wearing a suit.”
So they both climb onto the bed and Steve sits with his back against the headboard and Natasha rests her head on his thigh. Steve runs his hand through her hair and they just sit there, and Steve talks about his day a little, texts Sam to bring them ice cream, and worries about Natasha. They stay like that for three hours and she doesn’t cry, but she does look up at Steve and ask “why didn’t he call?” in a quiet, puzzled voice. Somehow that feels worse.
the headline moves in a persistent ribbon along the bottom of the screen, while New York's favorite ditzy weatherman, Thor Odinson, prattles off the best ways to stay safe in such treacherous conditions.
Steve kisses the side of his neck, wraps a protective arm around Tony’s stomach. “You’re my husband,” he agrees, and whatever came apart inside Tony during the last six hours slowly, torturously starts to stitch itself back together.
Tony, desperately trying to remember how to be charming, offers his hand and plasters a smile on his face. “Pleasure’s all mine, ma’am. Sorry this introduction didn’t come earlier, the first time we met Riri took me a little by surprise.”
It’s 9:30 by the time Riri has moved onto needling Rhodey (albeit in a slightly less aggressive fashion). Tony makes her eat a little food, ‘cause she supposed to be there for dinner, and keeps a careful eye on the clock.
“That’s pretty good,” Tony says quietly, mouth tipping into a crooked smile. Their eyes lock and Steve feels — an unidentifiable emotion flutter through his chest. And he thinks he’s also blushing, which is so embarrassing that his first instinct is to say something really mean.
He feels slightly ridiculous as he does it, but the second his index finger makes contact with the projected lines, Tony’s voice starts coming out of the speakers on his laptop.
First, they’d had lunch, and lunch was fine because it was just Natasha, Rhodes, and Tony’s friend Sunset, who looked a little like a succubus but appeared to have no intention of seducing Steve, so he figured she posed no notable threat. After lunch things took a turn when Steve tried to make his escape, and Natasha had gripped his hand a little too tightly under the table, proceeding to draw him into sitting room to partake in The Conversation That Would Never End, wherein Steve’s most significant contributions were 1) commenting on the weather, 2) displaying his woefully inadequate knowledge about the Manhattan club scene, and 3) washing the dishes while everyone two rooms away talked about a TV show he’d never heard of.
“Aren’t you taking the bit a little too far?” Steve asks, very much not on the Kismet Train Tony is currently conducting. Or maybe he is, and he’s just fucking with Tony, it’s difficult to tell. His expression is this disorienting combination of curiosity and amusement, and it’s not exactly that Tony
“I bought you chocolate,” Steve’s eyes are slitted open now, and he’s sitting with his hands braced on his knees, which means he’s trying pretty hard not to vomit. “I
“She’s having a grand old time in the suburbs with the minimal fireworks and the squishy children. Stop fretting.”
She fights him on leaving the city, and so does Rhodey. They argue that he needs people, he needs his loved ones to recover. And maybe that’s true, but he’s tried to let them heal him for months now. He thinks he owes solitude it’s fair shot.
“You ran away! The second things got hard, the second you thought I might be leaving you, you tried to leave me first! You ran away!”
“Hey, you,” Steve hums, voice rough with sleep. He rises up onto his knees and clumsily makes his way to the edge of the bed, and Tony moves closer too, drawn forward as if by magnetic pull.
This happens to him at least once a week these days. It’s exhausting, but manageable. He’d have worked his way through this one just fine, except—
Steve can feel Sam’s eyes on him and he rapidly arranges his features into something wry and teasing.
Steve squints, then tilts his head skeptically. “Why do you have so many Christmas ornaments down your pants?”
Steve does not engage. Tony can hear his own voicemail in the background because Steve broke the volume button on the phone and now it’s frozen at max.
Much to Tony’s immediate horror, Steve crawls over to where he’s laying and attempts to correct his position, placing his enormous hands on Tony’s thighs in a gesture that Tony’s brain is having a really hard time identifying as platonic.
“You’re welcome to stay,” Tony says, thoughtlessly, which is how he seems to be doing everything these days.
“Me neither,” Tony admits, because why the hell not. Somehow, Steve has conned his way into knowing nearly every mortifying thing about Tony, why shouldn't he know this, too? It's not like Tony has anything to lose, at this point. “I’ll be awake for hours, if I get to sleep at all.”
Steve listens to the fading sounds of Pepper’s heels against the hardwood. His heart beats a little faster in his chest, and he absently feels around his pocket for his inhaler. Tony knocks on the door. Steve fumbles a little while opening it.
If possible, we’d like to hear your decision by the end of the week. I understand that’s quite a short turnaround, but the timeline of the initiative is quite unforgiving.
The first of these momentous events occurred during the third week of their first year at MIT, when Tony had passed out outside Rhodey’s dorm in a tutu and a jersey, slept on his mat the whole night, and somehow coerced a hangover breakfast out of him the next morning. They had gone to Pat’s, a dingy little diner fifteen minutes outside of campus, and it sort of became their spot. Whenever one of them was stressed or fucked up or just sorely in need of the other’s company, they’d make time to go gorge themselves on whipped cream and crappy burnt coffee.
“How can you make light of that?” Steve presses, though it’s admittedly a little hard to focus with Tony’s face so close, Tony’s
“Whatever,” Tony says finally, and he doesn’t invite Steve inside, but he leaves the door open as he turns around, which is basically the same thing.
“You expect too much of yourself,” Steve shakes his head, expression sad and mild as he stirs the pasta, “you always do. Nobody ever grows out of making mistakes, Tony, no matter how normal their childhood was. Seems like Riri’s going to build the armor with or without you, because some people, no matter how hard they fight it, were never meant to be normal. She wants more, and she’s one of the few people capable enough to get it on her own.”
Steve rolls his eyes, but Tony knows him well enough to see the affection in them, the smile pushing at the corner of his mouth. He tugs Tony down onto the bed in one quick motion and climbs on top of him, legs settling on either side of Tony’s waist.
, in spite of this, come the New Year, he’s going to... he’s going to stop—... fuck, what was he going to stop doing?
“I’m not really taking visitors right now,” Tony considers calling him ‘Steven’ as a power move, but ultimately decides against it. Probably too petty. He’ll stow it away for later usage though, just in case. “How did you get this address?”
Peter looks like he wants to say more, but Tony doesn’t have the patience to hear it. He turns around, walks away, and digs his phone out of his pocket to call Steve.
“Well, no, it doesn’t,” Riri begins, placing a hand on her hip and stepping back from the work table, “but you might as well, because you already act like you are.”
He spends his time in Tony’s workshop either reading or sketching. He doesn’t complain about the music but he does make Tony take breaks every few hours. One afternoon he sees Tony rub a little at the soreness in his neck, and he shows up the next morning with a manual entitled 'Yoga For Beginners' tucked under his arm.
So he’s— clearly losing control. Of the terms of this arrangement. Which means it’s time to terminate it — not now, obviously, there's still a week left in December so he probably has enough time for one more hook-up before the New Year hits, but after that, it is
“Not a lot of people are comfortable enough to have fun with him like that, in New York. I think he gets lonely there, sometimes.”
“Tony,” Steve says, caught between laughing and trying to sound stern. “Seriously. This was a good break, but we can still make it back in time for midnight if you want.”
Sunset leans forward, a hint of a challenge glimmering in her eye. “Do they crack top ten sexiest professions?”
Steve shrugs casually, the rise and fall of his absurdly broad shoulders feeling more like a conviction than an innocuous gesture.
Tony wordlessly offers him a still-steaming mug. Steve plods towards him, settles in one of the stools at the island, and takes it, bringing it to his chapped lips with a slightly shaking wrist.
“I’m just asking,” Steve says primly, fingers moving deftly along the (somewhat normal-looking) scarf he’s knitting, “you own a farm, it’s a reasonable question.”
The second he tries to leave, though, Steve’s coming after him, saying “wait, wait, wait” and placing a staying hand on his arm.
He finally falls silent, and Steve is literally unable to speak for several, dragging moments. All he can do is stare at Tony— Tony whose entire body is alight with tension, Tony whose hands are flexing at his sides, Tony who has made heat sweep through his stomach and rage course through his veins all in the span of three minutes.
Steve continues to look skeptical, but pushes out of his chair and gradually makes his way towards Tony’s end of the table. Tony, though not great at dispensing meaningful physical affection while 100% sober, rises and wraps Steve up in a tight, slightly handsy hug, tucking his face into the crook of Steve’s shoulder. Steve melts into it immediately, brushing a kiss at the top of Tony’s hair.
Things fell apart pretty quickly. They’d both needed each other desperately during that period, but they’d had too many individual problems and responsibilities on their respective plates, and Tony was spending more and more time in California trying to help Stark Industries recover from the damage Stane did on his way out, and Steve slept at Bucky’s place more nights than he slept at theirs.
“So why has Tony refused to help you with all this?” Steve asks, arms folded over his chest. The question may be directed at Riri, but Tony’s clearly the one Steve’s expecting an answer from.
Tony tries to, and then promptly remembers the sky-high pile of incriminating evidence that may, to certain people and sentient AIs, give the impression that they are more than Guys Hanging Out.
Tony tries not to wince at his cutting tone. He has the passing thought that he needs an emergency contact who doesn’t talk to Rhodey, but then he remembers Pepper would stab him with her stiletto if he swapped her for literally anyone else.
“Yeah,” Steve’s voice takes on a soft, affectionate note. He looks back at Sam with so much love in his eyes that it makes Tony’s chest ache. “Think it kinda snuck up on the both of them. Bucky doesn’t quite approve of the Captain America thing. Keeps trying to follow him on ops, take out the threats before Sam has a chance.”
“Well,” Tony only ever grins with his entire face. “Just because something’s been awful the first thirty-eight times, doesn’t mean the thirty-ninth won’t be the ticket.”
“No,” Steve says immediately, then shifts a little, trying to decide if Tony’s condescending towards him or…doing something else. “—yeah. Maybe. I have a lot of opinions.”
Steve pulls Tony up against him, gently massaging his lower back and pressing a quick kiss to the square of his jaw. Ruby moves around until she’s somehow draped across both of them, and knocks every pillow off the couch in the process.
Steve doesn’t bring up Riri’s armor again and an easy kind of back and forth settles between them, an approximation of the relationship they had before. It’s a little more cautious, this time around, occasionally teasing the line between comfort and light wariness, but it feels like a good basis for the new normal. Steve stops by Tony’s place every day, sometimes for the whole afternoon and sometimes for a few hours in the morning or the evening. Tony doesn’t ask what he does when he’s not there - apparently it’s not Captain America stuff, seeing as that’s Sam’s thing now - and Steve doesn’t volunteer any information on the subject.
Tony scowls in a way that is painfully cute, especially with his glasses sitting crooked on his nose. “No. I guess if you want to wordlessly ravish me like the underdeveloped caveman you sometimes become, that would be fine.” Tony spreads his legs to accommodate Steve’s presence between them, hitching them up around Steve’s waist. “It’ll be a great burden, obviously, but luckily you married a deeply benevolent man.”
It’s nobody’s fault. The specs of the armor are too easily accessible - HYDRA got ahold of the right frequency to scramble the energy from the arc reactor. They had to hit him dead in the chest three times before getting the whole suit to power down. Tony should pass out - he keeps praying he’ll pass out - but there’s too much adrenaline thudding in his chest. He thinks he shouts for someone, and he only drops for half a minute before Thor gets an arm around his chest.
“Your place was closer, I’m sorry,” Steve looks pained, glancing down at Sam with worried eyes. "Do you have a First Aid kid?"
“Hey,” Steve says. “It’s me. I’m sorry. I’m sorry for the things I said, I’m sorry I didn’t call, and I’m sorry I made you feel like you were wrong.”
“Very unfortunate,” Steve nods in faux-sympathy, ruffling Tony’s hair. He glances at Peter, whose pacing seems to have picked up in speed. Steve wonders if he should intervene, or just scoop Tony up in his arms and head upstairs. Peter could have this floor, really. Wasn’t like they used the kitchen anyway.
Tony pulls away entirely and reaches for his hot chocolate. He takes a small sip and tries not to feel too much like a reprimanded child. “I’m worried. There are too many kids.”
“I know you,” he says. In any other context, it would be a cheap remark paired with a sleazy wink, a transparent attempt to get into yet another pretty blonde’s pants.
Their first date is lunch at a dingy little Shawarma shop in lower Manhattan. Steve orders for both of them, because Tony’s never had Shawarma before, and he doesn’t even roll his eyes when Tony makes a crack about it being his first.
Tony sips idly at his iced coffee and watches the muscles in Steve's arms and back pull tight, his criminally small t-shirt leaving very little to the imagination.
Anyways, she goes through the whole thing: dearly beloved we are gathered here today, never thought this would happen, share in their love, and so on and so forth. Tony’s attention span has shrunk to approximately five seconds, so throughout the duration of her speech he ponders the following twelve things:
The Arc Technologies Youth Initiative starts advertising. The first time Steve sees a bus go by with his art on it, he calls Sam and they both cry. He gets a postcard from Peter and Ned from MIT. He arranges a lunch with MJ, for when she gets back into Queens.
“Riri?” Tony cuts in, because the fact that Riri and Peter talk will fuel his nightmares for days to come. “How do you know Riri?”
has this bizarre notion hat if he does that, he’ll start crying, and if he’s crying it’s going to be very hard to see the screens through his tears.
Maybe he’s a little sleepy, now. “There are other people. People that would be better at this than us.”
, is the immediate answer his head supplies, and the aforementioned rainbow frosting starts to cloud over. Tony shuts his eyes tighter and sighs, wondering why the tops of his cheeks suddenly feel wet. Is the bathtub on? He’ll ask Steve later.
“Fine,” Tony grumbles, rubbing at his forehead. “Yeah, okay, fine. Whatever. Just— I’m busy, most of the time. With my solitude. So seriously, don’t expect me to go jogging with you or anything.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, watching her assemble and disassemble her armor in the corner of the lab, “she’s just so curious about everything. And she knows I’ll keep working even when she leaves, I think she doesn’t want to miss out.”
Pepper sends next to him in a well-pressed pantsuit, cherry red lips curved into a small, smug smile. When Tony finishes his speech and disappears behind a huge navy curtain, she leans down to the mic and says “no further questions” with a ridiculously pleased glimmer in her eye.
“I know I’ve made mistakes,” Steve runs his hand soothingly up and down Tony’s side, long, broad strokes of pressure that send shivers darting down Tony’s spine.
“I’m not saying I don’t like it,” Tony murmurs, tugging gently at the soft, floppy strands, “I’m just saying you look a little like someone who lives in one of those shady Brooklyn alleyways that always smells like pee.”
“If you guys don’t shut up we’re not gonna be able to hear anything,” Steve hisses, even though he really, really, really should’ve learned his lesson about eavesdropping by this point.
She scowls at him. “Riri. But never mind that.” She thrusts out the tech in her hand, and Tony can’t help but peer curiously at it. At an initial glance, he assesses that the work is rough but impressive. It’s the kind of approximation of his own armor that a child shouldn’t be able to make. “I can’t get this quite right. Help me and I’ll leave you alone forever. Or until I run into another serious roadblock, which will be spaced out relatively far in the future because I am a literal genius.”
Looking up at Tony is a Herculean effort, but Steve manages it anyway. He’s standing in the doorway of the study in his pajamas, glasses slipping down his nose, a kind of gentleness in his voice and eyes that belies his teasing words.
(It’s the farthest thing from that. And later, Tony will spend hours thinking about the urgency of it— the burning Right Here, Right Now of the first time they touched. Meant to be was such a funny, stupid thought until he met Steve.)
Tony approaches the flowers cautiously, walking in a slow circle around them before running the tip of his finger along the lines of a rose petal. It’s really soft. His workspace smells sweet, now. There’s no card.
“Oh,” Steve says, and runs a hand through his hair. He sits down on the floor next to Ruby and she dutifully crawls into his lap, relying her not insubstantial weight on his thighs. He scratches her behind the ears and looks back up at Peter. “And what did she say?”
They’d had a little fight about who was going to walk down the aisle. Steve said Tony should do it because he was wearing the veil, and Tony had petulantly protested, saying it wasn’t right of Steve to assume he was that kind of girl. They’d ended up flipping a coin for it, though Tony suspects Steve is secretly glad he won after Tony told him he’d only walk down the aisle to Back in Black.
Everyone, that is, except Sunset, Either he doesn’t notice how desperate she is for his attention or he doesn’t really care, and something about that is both irritating and amusing to Steve.
Anyways, at some point Tony comes across a report marked up with Bruce’s indecipherable handwriting. He calls Steve over to discern if the sentence in front of him says “tick a witch, lick a fish, or bitch bitch bitch”.
“I’m saying that you should just accept that the guy cares about you and wants to be there for you, if he can,” Rhodey says, leaning back in the booth and folding his arms over his chest.
Steve kisses him. It doesn’t feel like he’s trying to cut Tony off - doesn’t feel like he’s disregarding the words. It feels like he’s telling Tony he hears him, he knows this, and it doesn’t matter. The movement of his lips becomes maddeningly slow, his hands matching pace as he rubs teasing circles at the base of Tony’s spine. This goes on and on, until Tony is throwing a leg around his hip, gently urging him further.
They fall into amicable silence. Tony rolls onto his stomach and pretends to read something in his notebook, but he’s actually listening to the sound of Steve breathing and shifting in the grass next to him. There are these moments, when they’re together, where Tony is so aware of his every movement like he’s anticipating something on pure instinct. He doesn’t know what, though, and he’s almost afraid to speculate.
“Captain Rogers dropped off the arrangement this morning, Sir,” JARVIS says from the ceiling. “He also asked me to inform you he’ll be spending the week in D.C.”
A couple weeks into the relationship, Natasha spends her first night at Rhodes’ place. Then she spends the next night there. Then the next one. Steve would be more worried if she wasn’t sending him bi-daily text updates, but still. He misses her, which is why the second he sees she’s calling him, he scrambles to pick up the phone and nearly knocks over his own paint water in the process.
At the end of the day or at the end of their (sometimes x-rated) nighttime activities, they just drift off to sleep. Like it’s easy. Like it’s magic. Like for the first time in Tony’s life, he doesn’t have to keep asking himself if this is going to last, because he knows, with blinding certainty, that it will.
After that, Steve shows up in his room two or three nights a week, hovering nervously by the door every time like he's not sure he's allowed in. They never have an actual conversation about it; Steve just happens to fall asleep there, they just happen to wake up in each other's arms, Tony just happens to have a slightly normal resting heartbeat for the rest of the day. It's probably easier that way. Plausible, deniability, and all.
Steve nods, once, sharp. “Yeah. The last three nights we’ve been done so fast. Let’s wait this time.”
It’s beautiful. Tony wonders if it’ll still be snowing during the ceremony. He imagines Sam and Bucky shoving handfuls of it down each other’s shirts, Rhodey giving Pepper his suit jacket, and snowflakes sticking to Steve’s eyelashes.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Pepper responds primly. She gives him a big hug, too, allowing him to lift her just the slightest bit off the ground before she slaps his shoulder in reprimand.
Steve presses the back of his hand to his mouth to hold in laughter and graciously decides to cut the conversation short by swinging open Tony’s passenger door. He turns around to say goodbye, but Tony cuts him off, features twisting into something right on the edge helpless. It’s — not a terrible look on him, Steve surmises.
They walk out together in silence, though Tony can’t help but sneak glances at Steve out of the corner of his eye, glad for the cover of the faceplate.
For a quarter of a second, Tony doesn’t get it, because whatever he can just pay Clint back in imported Belgium chocolate brownies later, but then he takes in the slight raise of Steve’s eyebrow and the cryptic attached message on the tin.
Steve lets out a huff of surprise, body drawn unbearably tight even as he curls protectively around Tony. His hands rest light on Tony’s sides, mindful of the bruises from yesterday.
Steve laughs, and proceeds to draw it out for another thousand years. By the time Tony finally comes, he doesn’t have the energy to marry anyone, and promptly conks the hell out in the safety of his boyfriends’ giant arms.
They sit on opposite ends of the dining table glaring at each other in a way Pepper would probably call “petulant” and
Tony glances up at the sight of Steve approaching the entryway to the kitchen. When he gets close enough, he stops in his tracks and squints at the box, features slowly settling into a funny sort of recognition.
He turns off his phone before he has a chance to read the response, but if he spends the whole of his six hour flight smiling softly at his sparkling water, that’s nobody’s business but his.
,” Tony grins, rubbing at her chest. She’s far too big to be a lap dog, but unfortunately Steve carries her so much that she really thinks she is. She has such a weird, awkward body that she’s only ever comfortable completely stretched out across Tony’s lap or laying on her back like an overturned roach.
ahhh it is the end!! wow.... thank you for those kind and patient few who have stuck with this story <3 i appreciate you to bits :) this chapter is... very long. like double the length of the other chapters. i had a lot to say. i hope you enjoy it!!
The thing is— Tony knows Pepper’s too busy to actually strongarm him into going. His features twist into a self-satisfied smirk and he throws his legs up on his desk, resolving to blow it off when the date arrives. And he has every intention of doing that until—
There’s something that feels so distinctly grown up about unlocking the door to a brand new apartment, completely void of the sounds of Sam and Bucky roughhousing, someone watching Deadliest Catch at full volume, and the walls slowly crumbling around them ‘cause of that structural problem they never completely resolved. For the first time in several months, Steve wishes he could call his mom.
Steve would help, but he just thinks he’s doing a better job from the supervision side of things. He doesn't want to interfere with Tony's process. Mechanics can get so
“Obie giving you a hard time?” Sunset asks, cherry red lips curving into a pout. Rhodes flashes her a wary look out of the corner of his eye.
Tony pulls back, sliding his hands along the scruff on Steve’s face. Steve closes his eyes and leans into the touch, but Tony shakes his head, tugging a little meanly at his beard.
"Uh-huh," Tony says, blinking at her for several, long moments. She finishes her granola bar, crumples up the wrapper, and tosses it with scary-precise aim at the waste bin in the corner of his room. Tony tracks the graceful arc with tired eyes, and promptly decides he wants her hands nowhere near his funny business.
The funniest thing about it is that Natasha wouldn’t be holding him this long if she didn’t intend on forgiving him. Otherwise, he wouldn’t at all be worth the effort.
“Before I took over Arc, I was Mr. Stark’s personal assistant,” she explains, red lips tipping into a tender smile. Again, Steve can’t help but think —
Today he doesn’t bother with the paper and takes a marker to Tony’s forearm instead, tracing the lines of the Iron Man suit from memory. He manages a surprising amount of detail for someone working with Crayola. Tony uses his other hand to flip through Pepper’s most recent profit projections and catch up on celebrity gossip, but, truth be told, he spends more time watching Steve and the adorable little wrinkle that’s creased between his eyebrows.
“Repulsor blast?” Steve asks, looking up from his book with sudden, sharp curiosity. Dread settles in the pit of Tony’s stomach.
“Tony,” Pepper says carefully, voice measured and patient, “when you say stand in the front, do you mean... Or, are you asking—“
“Okay,” Tony says, because what the hell else do you say to that? Is a blowjob the right response? Would Steve accept an affectionate, care-taking blowjob right now?
“But you haven’t said anything,” Steve says faux-casual as supplies his keys, brushes past Tony, and bounds up the two stairs on the stoop, settling onto the welcome mat and brushing off his sneakers. “Do you want to come inside?”
“Peter,” Tony says abruptly, slapping the rest of the armchair with his open palm. Peter looks up from where he’s wringing his hands, wide, twitchy eyes momentarily focusing on Tony. “Explain to Steve what’s going on before he sprains something trying to figure it out.”
“—Whatever,” Steve concedes, rattled, but folds his arms over his chest in continued defiance. “Then what about Brock?”
The moment is broken when Sunset says “Tony” in a sharp, jarring voice, and starts clicking her heel impatiently on the hardwood.
“No — no that is the worst possible plan. He really, really did not like it the last time I ‘was myself’. Maybe this was a terrible idea — maybe I… maybe I only got one shot and I blew it. Maybe I should just leave.”
“We’re not getting bees,” Tony says incredulously, trying to put on his best approximation of a ‘This Conversation Is Over’ voice, “Steve go back to knitting, Riri go back to trying to give me an anxiety attack.”
Steve doesn’t react to that beyond taking an idle sip of his ginger ale. Tony thinks ‘he doesn’t drink’ and abruptly realizes he has no way of knowing if that’s true.
Tony initially resists the temptation to roll his eyes at the self righteous note in Steve’s voice, then thinks ‘what the fuck? Why am I pretending it isn’t obnoxious?’, and rolls his eyes twice for good measure.
It’s Steve’s turn to snort now. Much to his wry amusement, the infamous Tony Stark had spent the entire evening leaned up against the wall of the dance hall, engrossed in his phone and steadfastly avoiding eye contact with everyone. Even though he was almost absurdly handsome, and actually seemed pretty charming in interviews and tabloids, Steve got this air from him the whole night, like maybe he thought he was too good to be rubbing elbows with the other guests. Steve had spent three and a half years at NYU on a full ride scholarship - he could sniff out entitlement with bloodhound-like precision, and it seemed to be coming off Stark in waves.
“I think you’re blowing this entire situation out of proportion, let’s back it up a little, ‘cause I’m actually going to therapy and I think you’d be really—”
Pepper’s mouth forms a small, understanding ‘oh’, but Happy still looks confused. “He’s asking us to be his groomsmen,” she explains, an amused smile quirking the corner of her mouth.
“This isn’t your fault,” Tony insists, looking at Steve with those wide, dark eyes. “Come on, Steve, how could this be your fault?”
“No,” Tony interjects, shaking his head. “Fuck no. Fuck that. You’re— you’re perfect, you’re exactly what I needed. What I still need. I’m just... I’m different, Pep, and I don't know how to explain it.”
The facility is about an hour and a half away from the farm, so Tony still sees a lot of the kids. He misses Riri the most, but she checks in every few days, either via video messaging or simply turning up on his doorstep to ask for help with the armor. She turned sixteen, recently, so she drives now. She’s not supposed to do it without an adult in the car but she never follows that rule and Tony figures if they’re going to let her pilot a flying suit of armor, they can’t really split hairs over a Toyota. Tony checks over her car engine every time she comes over while Steve distracts her inside with baked goods. She’s more than capable of doing it herself, but it’s good to be certain.
Tony brings a sledgehammer down hard on the shell of a massive arm cannon, delighting in the contact that shatters it into its constituent pieces, the paint chipping and the metal skidding across the workroom floor.
Sam is just sitting there with his mouth open, a spoonful of cereal frozen halfway between his bowl and his mouth. He looks at Steve with raised eyebrows, “Holy shit.”
Rhodey cries a little at William Wallace’s final call for “Freedom” like he always does. Pepper hides her amused smile in Tony’s collar and Tony pats his arm consolingly. As the credits roll, they ponder collectively about why Mel Gibson decided he was going to direct, produce, and star in a movie about a Scottish national icon. Rhodey laments about the lack of a Braveheart remake, wishing he could continue to be an avid William Wallace fanboy without the unfortunate relation to Mel Gibson. Pepper is ambivalent, though she’d request they put forth greater effort into researching female contributions to the independence effort, because surely they did more than hypnotize men with their magical vaginas. Tony offers to bankroll the whole endeavor and they both nearly succeed at smothering him with pillows.
“That was really good,” he sighs, voice a sleepy mumble against Steve’s chest. He’s still sprawled out on top of him, their legs slotted together like puzzle pieces. “So good. Go team.”
Natasha takes a job in California. It’s an amazing career opportunity and she reminds Sam, Steve, and Bucky that James Rhodes does not have a monopoly on the entire state. Steve can only hope that, for Rhodes’ sake, there are no coincidental run-ins.
But perhaps the most striking detail of all is the fact that his hair is more silver than brown; still gorgeously thick and soft, just in a shade that compliments the smile lines on his face, the somewhat sterner set to his expression.
“Fine,” Tony says, and downs his entire glass of scotch in one swallow, then goes to pour himself another. “The usual.”
“You’re not making pancakes?” Tony asks, propping his elbows on the kitchen table and staring blankly at Steve
Steve peeks around the corner of the crawlspace and sees Rhodes leaning against the frame of the doorway, looking tired but still managing this silly little fond expression, directed at Natasha’s still impassable glare.
“Sexy Santa Costume,” Tony finishes helpfully, leaning down to nip playfully at Steve’s lips. “And sent it to you at the station.”
. He’s kissing Steve. He’s kissing Steve! A thrill darts down his spine at the thought, and then he realizes he really needs to start reciprocating if he wants to
Hours later and they’re helping the last couple drunk veterans into the elevators. Tony’s starting to think they’re going to be too tired to do anything except spoon and watch The Daily Show, but then the doors have barely shut and suddenly Steve has Tony backed against the wall, crushing their mouths together with unbridled urgency.
They don’t say anything for the rest of the car ride, but Tony reaches over and tentatively takes his hand, lacing their fingers together and squeezing tight. Steve doesn’t look at him, but silently returns the pressure.
They both go back to vaguely pretending to pay attention, but it’s a solid couple minutes before Steve starts drawing again.
Viz puts his hand on his chest and laughs a little, then makes a face like the simple sound of it has startled him.
Steve emerges a while and a half later, to find Tony doing paperwork at the kitchen counter with his reading glasses slipped too far down the slope of his nose.
It’s probably fine if he just walks in, right? He isn’t wearing open-toe shoes. He isn’t eating. Those are the extent of the lab rules he remembers from middle school, but he’s following them both, so he makes the executive decision to just… go for it.
Tony flirts shamelessly with the waitstaff and stuffs a hundred into the tip jar when he thinks Steve isn’t looking. About midway through the meal, an ancient old lady manager comes out from the back with the express purpose of force-feeding him an extra slice of pie and pinching his cheeks. He begs her to marry him. She slaps him over the head with a menu.
Peter has a black eye and Riri’s bleeding from her temple, so even though the so-called Exterminatrix and her army of freaky teen girl robots don’t really require much energy to take out, Tony and Steve come at them like they’re battling the biggest bad they’ve ever fought. He thinks they’re maybe stepping on America’s moment, because she seems to be hell-bent on taking out every one of Steve’s targets before he can get to them, though Steve is quick enough and angry enough that it’s actually not that much of a deterrence.
“Hey, guys,” Steve starts gently, glancing away from Tony, who’s still staring at him with rapt attention, and completely ignoring Peter, who’s hanging off his suit jacket like an overenthusiastic octopus. “This isn’t really a good—“
Tony doesn’t respond, just stares at his toes and tries to remember how to breathe at a pace most humans would deem normal. He has the distant thought that he should give Steve a thumbs up or something, but it’s lost, lost like everything else is in the crushing vacuum of space.
“Whose wedding?” Bucky asks, skirting up near the island and poking Sam’s side. Sam jerks away, frowns at him, and promptly tackles Bucky to the floor. While they tussle - and break something? There’s a breaking sound - Steve leans up out of his seat to peek at the invitation.
After America there’s Kate, who apparently spent a little time on Clint’s farm before making her way to Tony’s. She’s very purple and very perky, and it should be a nice change of pace from America’s constant disapproval of him, but there’s a hell-raising look in her eye that reminds Tony of one too many of his craziest ex-girlfriends. Plus, she and America get closer and friendlier every day, and that team up is definitely going to end with something (or someone) on fire.
“I think you’re smart and talented and sexy as hell. I think I like every single part of you — even the parts that kick my ass. I think it was so fucking worth it to get my heart broken by you. I’d do it again. I’d do it over and over and over, if it just meant getting to be around you. I think I’m starting to fall in—“
Riri shows up about an hour later. She doesn’t seem particularly impressed with Steve, which is a bummer because Tony introduced him as Captain America with the express purpose of racking up cool points.
And he looks unreal. He’s wearing a deep red pea coat and a scarf of the same color, and Steve can make out the lines of an immaculate tuxedo underneath. He looks like he just came from the Golden Globes. And Steve— Steve looks like he just came from a six-hour shift at work where he only narrowly avoided spilling coffee on himself and falling asleep on the subway.
“And Bucky told me that when someone says that while they’re, you know...” Steve waves a hand around, presumably to connote their dirty, dirty lovemaking, “It just means they want to marry the idea of having sex with you!”
“—the marrying kind,” Steve smiles, and there’s not a hint of resentment or disappointment in it. He reaches out to cup Tony’s cheek, to run his fingers through the soft hair that frames his temple. “I know. And I promise you, Tony, I don’t need that. I saw the ring while I was running errands in Brooklyn, and it made me think of you. I bought it just in case. I bought because, if at any point in your life, marriage becomes something you want, I’d like to be prepared to give that to you.”
Tony waits for a response and the moment stretches long, lost in the hazy warm air of the bathroom. The vague floral scent of the tub is stronger as Tony tips his head to the side, but it’s not enough to distract from the fact that Steve is suspiciously silent.
“See, it’s your turn to make small talk now,” Steve weakly teases, “something about how packed is. Or how hot it is.”
“Hey yourself,” Tony shoots back, settling his hands on Steve’s hips. Tony realizes Steve is wearing a Stark Industries sweatshirt from his own closet — so big on him that it’s almost slipping off one of his shoulders. Tony brushes the hair out of his eyes, stares into that clear blue and feels all the tension drain out of his body. “God, you’re beautiful.”
They crystallize into a weight in his chest that makes his breath short and his shoulders tense. Before he even realizes what’s happening, he’s caught in this ever-pessimistic spiral of thoughts that ends in the entire world going up in flames. Try as he might, he can’t seem to get ahold on rational thought, to take refuge in the kind of clear-cut logic he’s depended on his whole life.
They touch down on the farm and Tony taps his chest, lets the armor recede back into itself immediately. Steve isn’t tired - Steve is rarely ever tired, the bastard - but Tony’s not thirty-five anymore, so he stumbles a little as he jogs up the steps of the porch. He pauses with his hand on the doorknob, glancing back at Steve.
He’s never going to sleep quite the way he used to. He’s always going to get caught in spirals of anxiety when he’s least—or maybe most—expecting it. He doesn’t just get to stop massage therapy, he has to keep going and he has to let himself sob after every appointment because he knows he’ll feel like shit if he doesn’t.
“Oh, great, crazy coincidence, so am I.” Tony rambles, completely shameless as he rolls over to straddle Steve’s stomach, ignoring Steve’s light grunt and bracing his palms on his large barrel of a chest. Steve, despite his initial morning grouchiness, looks up at Tony fondly and runs his hands down Tony’s sides, settling his thumbs into the little divots in Tony’s hips.
“I promise,” Tony says gently, absently running the back of his hand along the sharp cut of Steve’s jaw.
They stand like that for a long time, arms around each other in the entry of the workshop, the faint smell of fire extinguisher fluid hanging in the air. Eventually, Steve wraps an arm around Tony’s back, slides another into the crook of his knees, and picks him up, bridal style. Tony just hangs on, resting his head against Steve’s chest, still furious but absolutely unwilling to let go, for his own sanity’s sake.
Steve grunts in agreement. Tony studies the lines of his face, shadowy and imprecise in the faded warmth of Tony's room. His hair has been rumpled out of that meticulously straight part and his lips are red where he's been biting them, which is something he does when he's focusing. He also, on occasion, makes a face which involves squinting and sticking the tip of his tongue through his teeth. Tony would really love to capture that one on camera one of these days.
“Thanks, kid,” Tony says, and then feels momentarily thrown by the sight of tears gathering in the corner of Peter’s eyes.
And Steve, after a couple seconds’ thought, starts stumbling his way through a story about the USO girls putting him in makeup and teaching him how to pop his hip on beat. Unfortunately they never did find a skirt that fit him quite right, but that didn’t stop Millie, the oldest one of the bunch, from asking Senator Brandt if he could spare the money for a costume that would fit her heavyset sister.
“I just might,” Steve says mildly, palm settling on the small of Tony’s back. “I got a real fancy legal team these days, you know.”
“Tony?” Happy’s rapping on his door, probably telling him he needs to start getting ready or deal with some last minute catering emergency. Tony makes him wait a couple minutes, just to keep watching the wind whip through rich green pine trees, the perfect rush of white.
Tony gives a noncommittal grunt in response and Steve indulges him for a couple moments longer, running a soothing hand down his spine and rubbing sweetly at the sore muscles in Tony’s neck. Tony’s still half asleep but that doesn’t stop the rising ache in his chest, the reminder that he used to have this every day and he somehow lost it. Fuck that.
Tony, unfortunately, has dulled arousal curling in the pit of his stomach, but he also feels the ache in his lower back stretch and smooth over, replaced by a more pleasant kind of soreness.
“Please,” Tony starts, voice icy in a way that feels utterly foreign, “tell me, how could Brock fucking Rumlow possibly be relevant to this conversation?”
As it turns out, Margaery’s feelings are held by all forty of the employees currently working in the tiny Arc Technologies facility.
He had his first when he was 13 years old, and by the sixth session Tony had gotten poor Dr. Foster to cry. That man spent countless hours listening to the depraved fantasies of New York’s upper crust for the better part of the century, and Pre-Pubescent Tony, a protege in every sense of the word, had successfully driven him to retirement.
Tony whips around so fast he nearly falls out of his chair, glasses slipping abruptly down the bridge of his nose. Steve internally notes that this is the first time he’s seen him in something other than a suit — the Black Sabbath t-shirt and normal person jeans cut a figure that’s much less intimidating, though, unfortunately, no less attractive. Tony doesn’t have the reaction to seeing him that Steve might expect: his eyes widen in momentary surprise, then he squints suspiciously and leans back in his stool.
“And, um. You might be right, about some of the stuff you said or implied about me not approving of the relationship because of where she comes from. That was mostly done unwittingly, but looking back I think maybe some of my own biases played a role in how quick I cut them apart. The way I’ve been raised, the relationship I’ve had with Rhodey over the years — these aren’t excuses, but I hope they’ll… contextualize the decision. A little. ‘Cause I know it was abrupt.”
“Are you gonna forget to eat if I don’t put the food out for you?” Steve asks, snapping Tony’s attention back onto him. Steve puts a whole bagel in his mouth, holding it between his teeth as he fits lids over three pieces of Tupperware and places each into a separate brown bag.
The effect is immediate - Tony’s expression darkens and closes up entirely, his beautiful eyes narrowing to slits. He steps forward a little, almost unconsciously, it seems, and Steve suddenly feels a different kind of flush start to rise on his neck.
He’s waiting for Steve now, all suited up and antsy. He has Friday read back Peter and Riri’s vitals. He’d hesitated before setting up that kind of access in their suits, but at this moment, he’s never appreciated a decision so much in his life.
“No pictures. If you want to see me in this,” Steve drops a knee onto the bed, moving so he’s straddling Tony’s thighs. “You have to come all the way to New York. And you have to be very nice.”
Steve only has to think for a split second before recollection lights up his face. “Oh, yeah-- about where to find the good pork rinds in the bodega on 82nd.”
As it turns out, Tony’s one and only resolution does hold fast in the New Year. He’s not sleeping with his ex-husband anymore — he’s sleeping with his partner, his best friend, and the love of his life.
Steve didn't even flinch. “I don’t pick up the shield for people just ‘cause we have the same kind of passport.”
“Come on, baby,” Tony says, knowing full well what the pet name does to Steve. He takes another small bite of the brownie, much to Steve’s dismay. “You’re not gonna make me do this alone, are you?”
“It’s good for your back,” Steve says, lowering his legs to the floor gracefully, abdominal muscles fluttering. Show off, Tony thinks, feeling old and bitter.
The truth is, he’s been long overdue for a Smash Day these past several months. The thought of it started to exhaust him. He could barely find the motivation to finish his ongoing projects, let alone take apart his old ones.
Steve initially seems to want to shrink away from the sharpness in Tony’s voice, but he stands his ground, the set of his brow beginning to project that pesky unwavering determination so characteristic of Captain America.
“I don’t know where you guys got that impression in the first place. You know how many military enlistment forms I lied on?”
He tips his head back and laughs exactly once, and Tony thinks the bared line of his throat is the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen.
The drive is peaceful. Tony makes himself a cassette in preparation. He’ll put Friday in the truck later, but for now he’s content to listen to the same eleven AC/DC tracks on repeat.
“We don’t know. But Steve, I’m pretty worried. I’ve never seen her take something this hard, I think maybe you should talk to her.” Bucky nods in agreement, jostling the bundle of blankets curled up in Sam’s lap.
“I don’t know,” Steve shrugs, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist and hooking his chin over Tony’s shoulder. “You, maybe.”
“Not entirely. I could darn your socks,” Steve shoots back, voice dry and flat in a way that elicits a rough chuckle from Tony.
Tony freezes instantly, which is made even more difficult by the fact that Steve used the Captain America voice, which isn’t really fair because he knows how much it turns Tony on in the context of their bedroom.
“What are you doing?” Tony asks, trying valiantly to ignore the warmth blooming across the skin beneath Steve’s palms.
It’s a trial, pulling away from Steve’s sleep warm skin and groping for his clothes in the dark, but this is both of their punishment for calling it quits. They made their bed and now they have to get out of it.
“I’m not telling you about my date,” Rhodey’s voice is firm, but there’s telltale amusement on his features, smile lines creasing around his eyes.
Natasha offers him a smile, small and sharp in a way that makes the hairs stand up on the back of Tony's neck. "No time like the present."
Steve frowns at his yarn, eyes flicking briefly up to meet Tony’s. “Why did you buy a farm in the first place?”
Steve’s brow furrows. “What the hell? That literally makes no sense, why would they just up and leave like that?”
“I don’t know,” Tony ducks his head to hide his smile and shrugs. “Maybe he read something upsetting about anti-vaxxers. Come look at my sentient bird feeder.”
They gather their coats and leave without saying goodbye to anybody. It’s a little irreverent, and Steve would feel guilty about it on any other evening, but he figures they’ve both saved the universe enough times to be entitled to a measure of rudeness now and again. Tony has the car take them to a hole-in-the-wall pizza joint that’s covered in neon signage and woefully lacking in customers of any kind. Steve and Tony appear to have the place to themselves, though Tony whispers that he thinks the ancient, hunched over old man in the corner might not actually work there.
“Are you seriously silent treat-ing me? Where is this coming from? Have you been taking lessons from Pepper?”
When Riri arrives an hour and a half later, she bounds into the workshop with a strange frown on her face, the same one she adopts when a piece of her tech is being particularly contrary.
“Because he gets better. You just have to give him, like, four tries to get it right,” Peter chimes in.
Several hours into their wedding day, however, Tony will admit that this particular practice may have some merit. Spending this much time apart from Steve, all the while holding the knowledge of what they’re going to do today and what they’re going to do tonight, the anticipation becomes deliciously torturous. At one point he swears he sees someone with Steve’s blonde hair and broad shoulders ducking into a bathroom, and he has to excuse himself to go furiously jack off in his room. He’s not sure if that’s what Steve had in mind when he went on that ten-minute spiel about Cultivating The Atmosphere for their Perfect Moment, but it felt pretty romantic to Tony.
“He makes plenty of friends,” Tony’s eyes flash in a way Steve would characterize as dangerous, “think his real problem is keeping them.”
On the one hand, Sam once described the practice as ‘marinating in your own dirty sweat juice’, which pretty much put him off baths for a good half a year. On the other hand, the muscles in his back are sore from work, and his skin would smell nice afterwards, and maybe he could watch a movie in the tub, though probably not anything overly romantic or he’ll inevitably end up thinking nonstop about the person that necessitated the relaxing bath in the first place.
“Tony?” Steve asks, tentatively rapping his knuckles on the door, because Captain America is always courteous.
Tony gives him a wry look. “I’ve seen all your prizes, Steve Rogers. They’re no longer impressive to me.”
“Bye,” Steve says in a hollow voice, and has to put a concerted effort into not staring at their retreating figures.
Steve doesn’t answer for a minute, just tilts his head and stares at Tony with an interest that’s suddenly very… soft. He’s still pretty obnoxious and Tony still wants to throw a drink in his face, a little, but he also wants to push him onto a bed, crawl on top of him, and smell his neck for hours.
“Rogers,” Tony breathes, fingers tightening in Steve’s jacket as he kisses down the line of Tony’s neck. “You’re gonna make me miss my flight.”
“Don’t think it’s just for the weekend,” Sam says softly, shoulder dropping in a resigned shrug. “Nat got this cryptic text from Rhodes. He didn’t say when they were coming back.”
At the height of their friendship, Rhodey would’ve seen clear through Tony’s half-assed array of cover-ups. He’s not sure if he’s relieved or disappointed, that it’s gotten so easy to lie to his best friend.
1) He slept through the entire night, and he can count on one hand the number of times that's happened this month.
-HEAVES ENORMOUS SIGH- IT IS DONE!! damn this got long!! big thank you to everyone who has stuck around, left comments, & left kudos. you're soooo amazing and you kept me motivated through writing (what has felt like) A Short Novella.
It’s a nice three days, to be honest. He spends them in the lab, modifying the truck, tinkering with his newest clean energy solutions, installing artificial intelligence into casual household appliances. He doesn’t touch the armor, doesn’t touch weaponry of any kind, really, even the thought makes him sick to his stomach. It just feels pointless to create things that will only ever destroy.
“I know I was wrong—“ Tony presses on, exhaling a slightly shaking breath. “I know I was wrong, but you still should’ve called.”
Steve looks up at Tony with a vaguely amused expression. “You could help me set it up,” he says, voice soft and casual.
, he says, and goes on to make a point that’s entirely unrelated to his status as Steve’s husband. Clint can often be seen miming vomiting in the background.
Tony grins lazily, lifts his head from Steve’s shoulder to look up at him. “Come on, Rogers,” he leans forward, kisses the concerned tilt of Steve’s mouth, “I knew exactly what I was getting into when I married you.”
He emerges seconds later with the hat tugged over his head. He leans against the doorway of the closet a little shyly, lashes fluttering, hands fidgeting with the coat.
“Hey,” Tony says, because he feels like he should say something. His mouth feels a little dry. He licks his lips.
“Mr. Stark,” the guy starts — his name tag reads ‘Officer Pedesco’, and he has a thick Brooklyn accent that makes ‘Mr.’ sound like ‘Mistah’. “We woulda let everyone they’re holdin’ with him go, but the detainment request came from the mayor and nobody could get in touch with that office to override the mandate. And we tried real hard to let
It’s only one, two, three beats of silence before they’re coming together like magnets, coincidentally right beneath one of the many mistletoes strung up in the apartment. There is something brutally honest in the press of Tony’s lips, like he’s saying ‘here I am, every fucked up thing about me laid on the table, please love me anyways’. Steve can only hope that he’s adequately conveying the following response: ‘I never, ever had a choice’. Tony wraps his arms around Steve’s neck and Steve wraps his arms around Tony’s waist and it feels— it feels perfect. It feels like coming home.
“There is nothing wrong with your face,” Pepper intones patiently. “You’re stalling because you’re nervous.”
She’s not like Peter, not in the big ways. She’s too smart for her own good, but seems annoyed that she needs his help in the first place, seems like she’d much rather do this without him. That’s what mitigates the guilt in his stomach at bringing yet another child into the vicinity of his fucked up guidance. Riri knows she doesn’t need him, and she doesn’t care for him beyond his expertise in the workshop.
Another small, tense silence descends upon them, and the space between their bodies has shrunk so dramatically that Steve’s struck with the strange notion that they keep trading the same three angry breaths, in and out, tension animating every movement. For a split-second Steve swears that Tony’s eyes drop down to his mouth; but then he’s pulling away, stepping back rapidly and pressing a hand to his forehead as if to collect himself. The tight line of his shoulders quivers once, then he abruptly turns on his heel and reaches for the door, swinging it open with tightly controlled anger.
His ex-husband is currently stretched across Tony’s absurdly expensive futon, drooling onto the microfibre and contorted into a shape that will definitely give him neck pain later. On his chest is a heart-shaped box of chocolates, half of which appear to have been eaten. He looks pretty terrible, with bags under his eyes, poorly maintained stubble over his jaw, and rumpled clothes that look like they haven’t been washed this month.
The morning that Rhodey and Pepper leave, Pepper catches him by the wrist and meets his eyes. Rhodey takes this as a cue to go outside and start loading their stuff into the Prius.
Steve takes them to the bedroom, settles onto the edge of the mattress. Tony shifts until he’s resting between Steve’s legs, Steve’s front pressed up against the line of his back, Steve’s beard tickling the nape of his neck. They hold hands. Tony rubs his thumb meaningfully along the wedding band wrapped around Steve’s ring finger.
Tony hates the feeling of fondness creeping into his chest and elects to look abruptly away, shaking his head in (completely fake) disapproval.
Steve looks up at Tony, resting his chin on Tony’s chest and fluttering those devastating baby blues. He really is beautiful — hair mussed, eyes softened by sleep, expression easy and relaxed. “I love you, too,” he says, and, god, that’s it. That’s everything.
“Because when I proposed to you for the first time, you snorted at me and didn’t even realize it was happening, so this is a no judgment zone.”
Tony’s rolling his eyes and looking out the window, now, but even a mention of that time makes his heart clench a little in his chest.
Steve wants to think something like ‘in the end, it’s simple’, but there is no end, really. Every morning he wakes up with Tony stretched out across the sheets next to him and knows, with absolute, unwavering certainty, that they have infinite time. They don’t have to worry anymore, because Tony built Steve a house and made Steve a home, and they get to spend the rest of their lives filling it with the things they love.
“Yeah,” Tony says, and can’t resist leaning forward for a kiss, even if they both have morning breath. “Yeah, honestly, Sugar Plum, that sounds really good.”
They fall silent again, waiting out the rest of the song. It’s strangely intimate, even if said intimacy is underscored by a more serious tension. They maintain contact throughout, though the press of Tony’s hands against his waist is nothing compared to the intensity of his gaze, like somehow he could unearth Steve's secrets through his eyes alone. When the song ends, Steve offers Tony a tight thanks and slips away, in desperate search of Natasha, Sam, Bucky or some charitable stranger who could help him unravel that extremely puzzling interaction.
Sam gets a summer research fellowship at Hopkins. He didn’t even tell any of them that he applied, apparently because he didn’t think he had a chance given the rest of the selection pool. When Bucky finds out, he tackles him into a hug and breaks yet another lamp, then realizes this’ll mean he has to move out for the summer, and goes on to spend the rest of the night clinging to Sam like an overeager limpet.
As soon as Steve asks the question, Peter turns about fifteen different shades of red and the whispering behind him gets louder and more frantic. He opens his mouth, then closes it, looking vaguely like a gaping fish before holding up the giant binder clasped in his arms as if to explain.
And Steve just stood there and took it, arms crossed over his chest, this supremely unimpressed look on his face. Tony was still yelling from the back of the ambulance, but he was also noting the way Steve’s t-shirt stretched over his biceps, how strangely sexy he looked with ash dabbed onto the apples of his cheeks.
They leave the party. Tony decides he’s done with it and it’s stupid, and he’s suddenly lit up with the kind of energy that can’t be burned off by grinding on twenty-somethings with drug problems. Steve only lives a few blocks from the bar, and Tony offers to walk him home.
The guy manning the front desk seems to be thoroughly engrossed in his crossword. He doesn’t even look up until Tony says, “evening, officer”, mouth tipping into a crooked smile as the uniformed individual in question chokes a little on his coffee. “I believe you have something of mine.”
“Hi.” She sighs, a small whisper of a thing, glances down at her lap, and starts to speak in a mild, hollow voice. “It’s silly to cry. I knew him for a month. I don’t want to cry.”
Then Natasha had ducked out of the room to take a shower and told Steve she’d just be twenty minutes, and Steve wasn’t sure if he was allowed to leave or if that meant she wanted him to stay, so he’d hovered awkwardly in the kitchen until Rhodes and Sunset needled him into round two of only slightly less excruciating small talk. At least Steve plucks up the courage to ask if it's alright that he does a little sketching while he waits, and Rhodes is very sweet about it even though Sunset continues to eye his notebook like it might contain an annotated copy of the Kama Sutra.
Tony can’t help but scoff a little, even as arousal thuds in his stomach at the feeling of Steve’s teeth on his pulse. “Uh-huh. Pot, kettle.”
“No,” Tony croaks. “It’s been a week. I needed some water— six days ago. Now I just need you to leave.”
“But he’s not eating pizza. And he’s wearing a uniform,” Steve whispers, looking back at Tony with skeptical eyes.
“Is this a generational thing?” he mutters, half to himself. “Is this how guys our age used to hang out in the forties?”
“Shut up,” Steve says, then wrinkles his nose a little, and Tony can practically hear his own self-disapproval at having resorted to such childish comeback. Tony prides himself on being able to bring even the most unflappable of national icons down to his level of pre-school level repartee. “Go back to sleep.”
Steve and Tony’s first date had been on Steve’s birthday - the evening of the fourth of July. They'd kissed on the roof of Stark Tower and spent the next several hours in each other’s arms, watching the night sky light up with reds and blues and greens. After that, Tony had decided he loved fireworks, too.
There’s a hunched-over, dark-haired figure sitting on their stoop, and Steve sighs, reasoning that it’s Bucky, who must’ve lost his key for the fourth time that month. Possibly the fifth, if they count that time he texted everyone in a panic only to, one whole hour later, realize it was in his pocket all along.
“Yeah,” Sam confirms. The oven goes off and he moves rapidly back into the kitchen, Bucky trailing behind him like an excited puppy. “He’s in the tabloids ‘cause he parties a lot.”
They nap for a bit, but Tony eventually forces himself to stumble out of bed, put his pants on, and duck into Steve’s bathroom to steal a little of his aftershave. Sometimes it hurts to go back to California smelling like him, but Tony still can’t bring himself to stop. He stands in front of the mirror and tells himself he’s not pathetic. He also tries, mostly in vain, to trample his sex hair into something vaguely professional-looking.
God, he’s never been so aware of his own muscles. He can hear the sound of his own bones shifting and crunching beneath his skin. It’s dimly horrifying, but it’s a lot of other things, too. Tony abruptly feels like he’s going to start sobbing and never stop.
Phil ordered a commission from Steve about six months ago, and he’s been obsessed with Steve’s work ever since. It’s pretty flattering and Steve appreciates how much of his art Phil has purchased, but Phil’s personal interest in him is a little... weird.
“Seriously, sweetheart,” Tony props himself up on Steve’s chest with what appears to be enormous effort. He looks down at Steve with those perfect dark eyes. “What brought this on? Bad day at work?”
“We’re running out every cliche in the book, apparently,” Tony muses, resting his elbows on the bar and watching Steve sniff some of Thor’s homemade liquor with a faintly disgusted expression.
Steve’s the one to pull back first, but he doesn’t go far, keeping his arms looped around Tony’s neck. “How was your day?”
, says Harpreet in Reception. Even the lady who runs the whole operation, Virginia “Please, call me Pepper” Potts, has a tiny framed photo of her, Tony, and Rhodes at Niagra Falls from a couple years ago.
