“Prince Tony is the finest warrior I have ever trained. Physically, he’s not much, but he is
"Call me Tony. Is your name Steven?"
"This shield... It's for merpeople to use only right?"
Obadiah then turned to Steve. “You. Merman.” He said as he made eye contact with Steve. “What is your name?” Steve stayed silent.
“Bruce, we need your help.”
"Steve!" He turned to see Tony swimming after him. Steve tried to swim faster but he couldn't swim properly. His tail kicked around aimlessly. It wasn't helping. Tony soon caught up. Steve slowed to a stop and faced Tony. "Steve... Why did you think you were going to be banished?"
Ooof. Hi. I'm not dead. I survived my midterms. Still dying inside though.
“So there seem to be quite a bit of merpeople who can make the change for one pod, don’t you think?”
“Thank you for the help I can take him,” she said, voice wavering. She looked overwhelmed and was, at the moment, capable of doing the exact opposite of what she said.
"You banish him, you banish me!" The nurses, Tony's friends, and Queen Maria made gasps and surprised noises. "I am in debt to this merman! The last being who saved my life," Tony motioned to the blue glow in his chest, "died before I could repay him."
Steve wandered down the deserted hall. Then down another. The library. The lab. A few more corridors. He found no one. Not guards, nurses, servants. No one. As Steve was passing the study that Fury brought him to earlier, he froze.
“Oh my gosh!” She sang quietly trying not to make a scene.“Tony, you’re the best!”
A moment of silence swept through.
Steve thought. 'That
“I’d be honored,” Steve said giving a small bow. Then turned to Bruce. “Extra precaution, keep the dart out of sight, period. No exceptions. And keep away from windows. Everywhere.”
I'm planning on having the others share a bit about themselves.
“Why are we losing him?!” A nurse cried out in shock as the beeping became so rapid, it almost sounded like one long beep.
"W-what?"
"Very clever Anthony." The merman, the squid man called 'Anthony', made a desperate attempt to blast the tentacle that held him but the gauntlet failed him. "I never had a taste or this sort of thing," The squid man said admiring the gauntlet. Ignoring ‘Anthony’s’ futile attempts of escape. "But I must admit, I'm deeply enjoying it." He put the gauntlet on his right arm. "You finally outdid yourself, Anthony. You've made your father proud." The squid man tightened his grip on Anthony. Anthony gave an agonized scream. Steve sped up. He was almost there.
he thought with dread and worry. Then Steve and the Winter Soldier both froze.
The 2 kings were now in an argument. Both Queens trying to calm their husbands-! Well... Queen Frigga of Asgard was. King Howard was on the verge of bursting out in frustration.
"Aren't all 'Patriots' righteous, sir?"
Tony thought when he saw her leave. When Steve delivered a blow to the Soldier’s back, Hawkeye gave a quiet but excited “Go Steve!”.
P.S.: For those of you who are wondering if there will be any action; YES there will be FOR SURE. In maybe 2 or 3 chapters? Idk.
“To tell you the truth, I’ve been having blackouts for quite some time. After them, my son wouldn’t talk to me, my wife would be exasperated, and there would be random new orders like tracking down that group of vigilantes. I think it may have been Obadiah but he has been gone from the castle for over a week, yet I’m still having them.” King Howard looked miserable. He pinched the bridge of his nose.
“When my friend tried to pull me from under the rubble before you came to help, I lost a few scales,” he replied.
He placed the dart on the nightstand.
"Tony," She said urgently. "If Steve’s tail can make the cchange,ou should tell Steve about
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony lead them to the infirmary to get Steve to finally treat the wound on his back. Tony felt guilty for the mark on Steve back. It was his gauntlet from his suit that gave Steve the mark.
“Welcome all to the Stark Pod Court of Justice. We have gathered here today to discuss the events of the prison break out, here in Stark pod, 2 days ago and King Odin’s request…” Steve stopped paying attention and reverted his mind to Tony. Was he the one in that bed with the wires and machines? What did Steve do to him? When will he wake up? However long Steve was spaced out, he entirely missed the change of tone in the court from professional to pure rage.
"Yeah..." Tony gave a sigh too. "It's been a long day..."
"Hello, Sir." Steve jumped at the disembodied voice and, becoming unbalanced, fell forward. Tony swam over to him and wrapped Steve's arm around his shoulder. "How may I assist you?" Steve's cheeks turned a little pink.
“But did he tell you that not many merpeople know that he is under the suit’s mask?”
"Wow..." Steve sighed.
There it was; confirmation.
"Ah!" Steve jumped up and floated back down. It took him a moment to realize he was in water.
“Out of curiosity, where is
“Friend Steve, I am happy for your recovery.” Steve turned to see Thor sitting in the stands. He looked conflicted.
“You do know how to use your shield. Right?”
"You know what this actually is," Steve said flashing the ring at Tony. "I saw you show the king. I had a vision -- probably from the shield-ring -- then your mother said ‘How did you know’," Steve turned away and started to swim again. Tony grabbed his hand.
"Who's there!" Steve jumped at the gruff male voice.
Steve was in the army. His dream had come true... Kind of. All the soldiers made fun of his size and lack of strength. In training, they'd trip him and rig the course to make it harder for Steve. Steve tolerated this for almost 2 years.
The scream came, not from a man, from another merman. His red and gold tail looked metallic. Like a metal suit. He had brown hair long enough to float in the water with an anchor beard and a mustache. His left hand was in a red and gold battered, metal gauntlet. There were parts of battered red and gold armor still clinging to the merman’s upper body and a light blue glow in the center of his chest.
“Thor, help Hawkeye with crowd control then get out fast and head to HQ. There are guards there. Hulk, go to HQ with Black Widow for Lullaby,” Tony said. “The Winter Soldier did something to him and he’s bleeding. Anyone who gets there first, get Pepper to prep for treatment.” And with that, everyone rushed off to complete their tasks.
"On your chain..?" Tony said, concerned.
“Er… how much is the scale out of again?”
“His identity is Prince Tony Stark. I thought you knew this.”
“Speaking Of King Howard,” another nurse spoke up, “He use to be so calm and nice… anyone know what happened?”
“I heard you saved my son. I will forever be grateful.”
Tony looked to the shield in his other hand except, there was no Shield. There was, instead, a ring in his fist that had the colors and pattern of the shield on it.
“Well I’m not,” Steve said frustrated. He couldn’t leave the masked mermaid to die. He swam fast toward the Winter Soldier and the mermaid.
“I was hoping IronTail could fill you in on that. Yes. The king does know. But he proclaimed them all as wanted vigilantes.”
"How...?" Steve dove into the water to retrieve the tags. As Steve grabbed his tags the water grew bright. Steve shut his eyes. He couldn't hold his breath anymore. Eyes still shut, he put on his tags and swam to the surface of the water. To swim felt completely different. When he resurfaced he gasped for breath and looked at his feet. Steve gave a yelp of surprise. He expected to see his 2 scrawny feet. But instead, he saw a decently sized blue tail.
“How are you so calm Howard?!” Odin lashed out. “He is the reason your son is barely breathing!”
“I hope that one day I will understand your hate towards me, Captain Danvers,” Steve said sternly yet confidently, showing the side of him that he has yet to show any sea creature —  not to mention everyone on the surface and himself. Carol smirked to cover up her surprise from the tone of voice she was spoken to.
“Don’t see the problem with it,” King Howard shrugged. “Are you sure you don’t have a pod? You must have been trained in some way.”
"Is the merman alright?" Loki asked worriedly. The brothers swam to the merman's bedside. Loki made a face of confusion at the sight of the merman. Natasha grabbed and whispered a few words in his ear. Thor made no face knowing that his brother would explain later.
The last chapter was kind of short... Ok! Ok! It was REALLY short. I hope this chapter kind of makes up for it.
“I ship it,” Pepper said simply, then turned back to do more work.
“Thanks, JARVIS.”
When Steve finally looked up from his hands the water looked brighter. Steve looked up. There was a hole in the top of the cave. The full moon was dead center in the hole. Steve looked at the water again. There, under his feet where his tags. Steve‘s brows furrowed.
Steve didn’t think. He let his instinct take over. He took the Soldier’s arm and flipped counterclockwise so that he twisted the Soldier’s nonmetal arm in a painful position and swung around using the Soldier’s arm for momentum and, with the knee part of his tail, kneed the Winter Soldier in the back.
“Oh goodness,” King Howard said glancing at the clock. 7:45. “I have to be in the throne room. Merpeople are expecting me.”
Both of them locked eyes. Steve tried to find the right words to say, but all he could focus on was the Soldier’s eyes. They gave no sign of recognition.
"Obadiah Stane?" Tony asked.
“Prince Tony is in the infirmary?” Steve asked quietly. “What happened?”
"Oh, around 10:00 p.m. yesterday."
“We’ll talk about that inside. Anything else you want to clear up?” Fury spoke as he started looking through books on the shelf behind him.
“Yeah right. Where would
"Anyways, past aside, will you come with us to Hydra?” Steve swam backward. His back fin hit the rock wall he was pushed against earlier. He looked up to see the top edge of the rock wall curved out enough that if Steve swam up to escape, he would hurt his back so much, it may never heal correctly. He had to be careful.
(See the end of the chapter for
What do you think about King Howard and his situation?
“Have I?” King Howard raised a brow. “I don’t remember,” He said thoughtfully.
“Hello,” Steve gave him a tired smile. They shook hands. He noticed that the lieutenant had a bandage around his lower tail. “What happened to you?”
“7:15 in the morning,” Howard replied.
"Loki. Thor," Queen Maria said. "You were there. Tony hasn't said anything yet. What happened?"
"I..."
“What happened?” Steve asked in a hoarse voice. He looked tired and was starting to turn pale. The cloud of blood was reforming behind Steve.
“No not Clint. It’s me, Steve.” Bruce’s eye shot open as his neck snapped towards Steve to face him.
"I was in the back of the infirmary when you had your small vision of the past. So I've heard that you witnessed and intervened in what happened between IronTail and Obadiah?" Steve gave a look of confusion, nervously tugging at his army tags.
‘Strange...’ He thought.
"NO!" Anthony screamed as he charged ahead of his battalion. He grabbed the merman and raised his shield to protect them from another incoming blast from Obadiah. "Retrieve the gauntlet! Damage it if you must! Do not allow Obadiah to escape! Thor! Lead and make sure of it!"
"I saw humans..." Almost everyone gasped. The rest had worried looks on their faces.
“Steve Rogers. Good to finally meet you officially, Lieutenant Dugan.” They shook hands.
“And what, dear Father, does King Howard think of this spontaneous request?” Thor looked up at Howard, who was able to calm down a little.
“Not yet. But…” Steve turned to King Howard.
“It’s a last resort remedy that should jumpstart the heart again. You flatlined. But it was a beta tester. We didn’t know it would work. Don’t worry,” Peggy chuckled as she took notice of Steve’s worry. “It’s not the first. It’s actually been fine-tuned, so that should be the only side effect.” Steve let out a sigh of relief. “Now we have to rate the wound. 1, being the smallest and 100, being the most serious.”
“Believe me, Loki’s and my reactions were more extreme than yours. Aye, Loki was adopted. Before becoming a prince of Asgard, Loki was born in a Mer-frost Giant pod called Jotunheim. He was born to the king of the pod, Laufey. Now, you should take note, Asgard and Jotunheim had their differences.
He heard Hawkeye yell, “EVERYONE, INTO THE LONG KELP FOREST NOW! TAKE COVER! GO!” Everyone swam as if their lives depended on it but Steve stayed long enough to see that up ahead, a masked mermaid with a black tail and a blood red hourglass design on her lap with a black uniform top and short red hair was fighting none other than the Winter Soldier.
“It’s my turn to apologize.”
"What? The Shield? Why?" Tony asked shocked.
“I can’t believe I didn’t know about this,” Howard said, remorse apparent in his eyes.
“I don’t trust you with them either. Especially since Loki went missing.”
“Let’s,” King Howard nodded. They made their way to the throne room. Guards, led by none other than Captain Carol Danvers, joined them around 3 quarters of the way there. She gave Steve a distrusting look. They confronted the doors of the throne room.
“Bruce. I think King Howard’s been drugged into becoming an evil king.”
“Of course, your highness.” Steve and King Howard traveled down the halls as Steve explained about the Winter Soldier attacking and Obadiah’s escape. When Steve finished, King Howard shook his head in disbelief.
The Winter Soldier said nothing. Instead, he swam at Steve and grabbed him by the neck with his right arm and slammed him against the prison block’s curved rock wall. The Soldier raised his knife with his metal arm.
What do you think about Captain Carol Danvers?
But now...
"I'm actually fine. It's just a mark,” Steve lied. “Hey, do you know the way out of here?"
He watched as Steve tackled the Winter Soldier and freed the masked mermaid, the Black Widow. Watched as Steve and the Winter Soldier danced around with the knife. Black Widow swam off.
I seem to recall some of you asking about Bucky. There you have it.
“You’ve seen me before...” Steve said quietly, still pulling at the tags around his neck.
angry. Angry at the Winter Soldier. Of all his time in his grief, Steve never had anyone to blame. Now he did. He wanted to… He wanted... What did he want? Steve didn’t know. Then he realized, he wasn’t angry at the Winter Soldier. Why? His own thoughts didn’t even make sense to him. Why was he housing this newfound anger? Where was it coming from?
“Then call me Steve. So what’s all this about?” Steve said changing the topic.
“Where did you get those?” Steve breathed. The Winter Soldier breathed in sharply through the mask. His blue eyes widened in shock. He tried to pull away before Steve had a chance to read the name but the tags were tangled. So, instead, the Soldier ripped away -- tag still tangled in Steve’s. Steve took the second set of tags. The name is written clearly.
“Steve Rogers,” Fury called after him.
“Oh, that’s not that bad,” Steve shrugged. “The first time I was dragged in there, they rated me at 42.”
"Him. Yes..."
"For how long will I have to have the bandage on?" Steve asked.
Steve felt anger within himself. He was
"That is unbelievable. Prince Tony is one of the best warriors in the reef," Thor said shocked.
"Alright. JARVIS, Mark this room with the name: Steve." Steve's name appeared above the room. "Thank you, JARVIS."
Enjoy!
“I- LOOK OUT!” Steve yelled and swam at King Howard pushing him out of the way of the incoming object. It landed with a small thud on the bookshelf on the opposing wall. “Sorry your highness, stay up against the wall… Please.” Steve looked up. High up there was a small window. “There’s a window in this room,” Steve muttered to himself, stating the obvious. He noticed a merman with a black uniform and a metal arm swimming away. The Winter Soldier,
Also, what do you think about the characters that Steve met? ;)
“There’s no need for that. Good to see you too Bruce,” King Howard smiled warmly. Bruce frowned.
They looked down to the city to see guards swimming at them.
“I’m fine Pepper. It’s just a scratch.”
“We were doing this to avoid looking like intruders?” Steve slurred from dizziness.
“Steve? Look at me. Please...” Tony was now begging. Steve turned his head and looked Tony in the eyes. He said nothing. His eyes showed devastation and grief. Tony knew he wouldn’t say anything. He tried that already. So instead, Tony pulled him in for a hug.
"Why is your rescuer so nervous Prince Tony?" A blond merman with longer hair and a silver-scaled tail asked. He and the merman beside him, who had raven black hair and a dark green tail, where covered in small scratches and bruises.
Tony struggled for who knows how long, trying to get Steve through the tunnels and to the castle entrance. Steve helped as much as he could but eventually passed out due to the amount of blood he lost. The pressure Tony was creating on Steve’s back was slowing the blood loss. Tony didn’t fail to notice how close their tails came to wrapping around each other — which, for merpeople, was a very romantic gesture.
The infirmary was a large room. The lighting made the walls look like a beautiful mix of cyan blue and light teal shades. It was a perfect square room but fairly large. The ceiling was high. There were fairly sized arched windows at the top of the wall to the right. The floor had a giant gear carved into it that served as a pathway to the beds, that were positioned all around the gear pathway, were made of white giant clams that had a minor ruffle effect around the edges. They had mattresses made of soft material and were covered with dense but soft sheets.
“Who are you?” Steve asked. The Winter Soldier stopped for a moment. His brows furrowed as he locked eyes with Steve but didn’t answer. “You used to be somebody,” Steve persisted. “I heard you were a prince.”
“Use it. We need to be at the castle gates without other people seeing us.”
“IronTail? I don’t know who that is. I thought the conflict was between Prince Tony and Obadiah.” The merman sighed.
"What did I tell you? He saved me!" Tony looked at the others. He made a motion with his hands that made Steve notice the ring he was wearing. It looked like his shield.
“You know that new spell that you talked about learning before Steve came around?”
(Omg it's 2019 already. But just cuz I'm an idiot, like every beginning of the year, I'll be writing the previous year in the date on all my schoolwork papers. Lol XD)
“I don’t have one,” Steve said. King Howard’s raised his eyebrows.
Steve had no time to explore his new suit. He quickly found a way out into the open ocean to find the source of the scream.
“So what did you give me that made me see the past?” Steve asked Peggy.
"My kind of move," Loki hung his head, ashamed. "A cowardly strike."
"The Patriot's Shield of Righteousness! I know!" Tony interrupted as he was relieved of the weight. Clint and Bruce each rapped one of the merman’s arm around their shoulders as Tony continued. "This merman saved me from Obadiah with-” Tony was interrupted by a blue glow of the shield. Its glow was blinding and Tony, Clint, Natasha, and Bruce. Bruce and Clint looked away, Natasha shielded her eyes with her arms, and Tony hid his face behind the shield he was still holding.
All of a sudden, Steve's face turned emotionless. His blue eyes disappeared so only the whites of his eyes were seen. The strawberry blonde and short haired brunette nurses noticed and swam around grabbing materials to write with and whispered to each other jotting things down.
God, I'm now cursed with only writing short chapters, help!
"Mama… Papa's Shield..." The pup's excited voice as he pointed at the Shield, touching it with his small hands made Tony smile and nod his head, he wonders to himself if Steve even understood his baby's broken speech long enough to understand that the pup wanted to see the Shield least bring it to the boy.
"Yes, someone who is kind, honest, and good…" These words caused Steve to raise his head, gazing at Bucky who was looking at with kind eyes. "I was surprised how Tony managed to marry a good person when he was… vain and self-centric… as much as it pained me to say this, Stevie, you can't survive in the Stark family with kindness and honesty; my family are nothing but a bunch of actors who step on other people's life to raise in the statues. That's why they are more accepting of Pepper than you, she is just like them; that's why the two of us are hated by the Stark family, even when we are part of it… it's been like that for a long, long time." Bucky said, his words causing Steve to swallow and nod his head, not knowing what he is to think after hearing Bucky's piece.
"No, he was born in 1990." She murmured which made Steven hum while pressing his lips together in deep thoughts. "As for Tony's parents they died seven years ago, car accident, or at least that's what the official records say." Peggy said which made Steven close his eyes tightly taking deep breaths already knowing what that meant.
The AI answered which made Tony hum at that and smile at Peter who was trying to whistle as he washed his hands. "What do you want for lunch, Peter?" Tony asked as he dried the pup's hands and lead him upstairs, causing the small pup to grip into Tony's hand, which made the Omega give a small smile.
It's not like Steve didn't try and do something, trying to stay an extra hour every day in the hope of him being able to stay awake in the morning. It did nothing really, other than making him crankier when he woke up; which was another something that Steve didn't need, it was enough that he has a headache because he has to sleep in the morning, he doesn't need another for trying to stay awake past his sleeping time.
Tony stripped off his wet coat, taking his friends' and hanging them up over the bath to drip, he pulled on one of his sweaters, smiling when he got out of his room and saw that his friends changed into their as well. Tony then went to fill the kettle and puts it on the stove, fetching mugs from the sink and putting tea bags in the cups, smiling as he heard his friends chatter. He looks out the window at the back yard while he waits for the water to boil, and sees the vegetable patch that he had spent all morning working on in disarray. The stakes and twine have been pulled up and the freshly turned dirt flattened down and churned into mud, and it made Tony's smile dimmed a little as he grumbled, hoping that his friends won't notice, he decided to leave the garden for another day, pouring hot water in the mugs and taking them to his friends.
Opening the door, Tony had to hold in his gasp, his eyes widen as he took in the huge and lighted room, taking everything from the metal tables to the glass doors, to Dummy who was rolling around the huge room peeping happily. Tony could do nothing but take a step inside of the room, running his hands on the tools he saw, taking the bookshelf in the back of the room near a sofa, filled with different kinds of books from philosophy to math to engineering theories, slowly circling around the place taking everything in ignoring Angie's curses as she glared and hissed at Steve, only to have the Alpha shrug it and laugh.
Finally reaching the king's house, Steven finally let out a relieved sigh, planning on going to his attic and resting as much as his heart content… after braving the stairs that will be his reason for death. The house was surprisingly clean when Steven entered it, it made the Omega wonder if he will once again clean it came the morning, but by the level of cleaning, he can state proudly that whoever did this, was an expert, for they managed to clean the house until it sparkled.
The footsteps stopped behind Steven which made him turn and his eyes to widen at the humanoid shape that was painted red and gold. "Odin's beard…" The only thing Steven could choke as his eyes widen even more and fear frozen him in his place when that… that thing… raised its hands. Holding his breath Steven let out a war cry as he rushed toward that thing after unfrozen himself, already knowing that taking it by surprise will give him a few precious seconds so that he will be able to run.
When Steve finally finished cleaning the nursery and calling Clint to tell him what happened today, he went to the pup's room, knocking on the door before opening it, letting out a sad sigh when he saw his son laying on his stomach on the bed, small sobs leaving him now and then as he held into his pillow with all of his strength. Steve closed his eyes tightly before he entered the room, going toward his son and sitting on the bed, letting out a pained noise when his son flinch at that and curled on himself, causing the Alpha to croon softly while rubbing the pup's back.
The door to his room opened, causing Steve to open his eyes, trying to focus on the person standing near the door; he thought that it was Tony, but at the same time he didn't want it to be his Alpha. His Tony spent the night crying beside his bed that he ended up passing out; Steve was so grateful to Bucky for taking him away, giving Steve a few minutes to gather himself before he will be the one who will start crying. Steve has to be strong; he has too because if he can't then who will tell Tony to gather himself and take care of Peter, their poor baby was sick, he needed Tony to stay strong for him.
Natasha grumbled to herself as she walked toward the kitchen, huffing when the storm outside increased and the sound of thunder became louder than it was a few seconds ago. The woman let out a sigh, looking at the hallway that Steve's room was supposed to be in with a thoughtful look on her face, biting her lower lip in deep thoughts.
Reaching the common room, Tony let out a shaky sigh when he saw his friends and family waiting for him there; everyone was present, except Steve and Peter, which Tony was so grateful for. Knowing Steve, he will do something stupid when Tony was going to tell them about his nightmare.
Hello everyone, I'm deeply sorry to inform you that I will no longer post chapters to this story, the main reason is that I have lost interest and no matter how much I tried I couldn't force myself to write the story any longer. Knowing that I'm never going to finish this story does break my heart, but I thought it would only be fair to tell you how I planned for it to go, hopefully, one day I will return and finish this fic.
"Can I really stay with Mr. Stark?" Peter whispered which made Tony nod his head with a smile which made the pup grin widely showing his teeth as he starts jumping. "Yes, yes, yes! Can I see the bots, Mr. Stark? Can I help you with the lab? Oh, oh, I have a great idea!" Peter rushed as he gripped Tony's pants which made the Alpha flinch a little at the boy's loud voice looking at Tony and mouthing 'Sorry' which made the Omega laugh at that and shake his head.
XxXXxX
Finding the ship wasn't the problem. No, that was the easy part. The hard part was getting it working. When Thanos had rained the moon down on them, he'd hit the ship. There were holes in the hull, small ones, but when dealing with the empty void of space, and hole was big enough.
"I couldn't leave him," Tony admitted. "I couldn't…"
Then, he saw the scepter.
He had become quite close with the others, and he was even cleared for training. There would be a while before he was cleared for the field, but it was a step in the right direction. The Winter Soldier wasn't going to be a force for evil anymore.
“Do you guys need the Soldier?” Bucky asked, still hidden away in the jet. Sure, the Winter Soldier was pretty stable, but if Strucker knew how to somehow backtrack all the work Tony had done to help him, then it would have been, well, bad. “I can be there in five.”
But when they reached the gym, they were assigned groups. Groups of friends were broken apart, mixed with other groups and with people they maybe knew, or maybe didn't. The crowd around Peter slowly shrank, until it was only Peter and three other kids, one of which looked oddly… familiar.
“I’m doing a little better than walking.”
“Man,” Steve sighed as he sat next to Bucky’s cell. “A date with Tony… I’ve done it now.”
, Steve had just asked him to
XxXXxX
XxXXxX
“Have you decided what you’re gonna say to him?” Weasel asked as they round the corner to the skatepark.
He doesn't say anything, just sits in the mound of fabric, and holds the twins, his twins, as he finally has just a little bit of what he's missed all these months he's been gone.
“You smell like shit,” she said as Wade entered. “What the hell happened to you?”
As he was contemplating this, the door opened again, and Tony turned to look as a blond man stepped in. He didn’t seem to notice that Tony was awake, and simply came forward, and placed a vase of carnations on the table next to the cards. Eventually, he noticed Tony looking at him, and went wide eyed.
“Wait,” Tony said, making another loop around the forcefield. “Is no one gonna deal with the fact that Cap just told me ‘language’ like I’m Peter?”
But when he finally went back outside, Peter was gone from the table, only the girls sitting there. Weasel was trying to talk to them, but they both looked pretty uncomfortable as he approached.
“Friday!” Peter squaked, trying to push the bowl off his hand with the back of his knuckles, only for it to momentarily stick there before it to drop into the sink. “Friday, scan!”
Slowly, he looked over his shoulder at her. Then, because he was tired and hurt, he spoke without thinking.
Before he got to into his thoughts, Ned was nudging him with his elbow. Peter frowned, nudging him back, only to be distracted as Ned pointed to the door. He turned, blinking as he found Weasel standing by the elevator. The bartender was shifting uncomfortably, holding a box in his hands that had Wade’s skateboard sticking out of the top.
“Okay,” Weasel said, frowning as he got up. “Not exactly the plot of Beauty and the Beast, but cool. You get the advantage since the douche thinks you’re dead. That’s the good news. Bad news is, with a face like that, you’ll still be spotted.”
“This isn’t my first rodeo, Mr. Stark,” Coulson said simply, turning to leave. “Just stick to the official statement, and soon, this will all be behind you. You’ve got 90 seconds.”
“Can you fix it?” Steve asked, peering over Tony's shoulder just close enough that he could feel Steve's breath dusting his cheek. “So that it doesn't hurt?”
only seemed to make that face for Peter.
Steve was pacing the front step of the Mansion grounds, his chest tight as he tried to think.
She nodded, and even smiled a little as she spoke. “Guess they need to do a little more cleaning, hm?”
"Testing," Tony said, chuckling to himself as he held the makeshift mic to his mouth. "Testing, one, two, three." He paused, his laughter falling into uneasy silence. "To whoever finds this… Well, I'm the dead guy you found this one. My name is- was? -Tony Stark. I'm a forty-five year old engineer from Earth. I was part of a team there, called the Avengers. In the last few months, we haven't been active, but with Thanos succeeding in his massacre, the team will rise again. Because if we can't protect the innocent, we'll sure as hell Avenger them."
The words were enough for them to get moving, before the Quinjet was even secure. Wade jumped out as soon as the hatch was open, and started to sprint down the path, towards the sounds of the fight. He arrived at the top of the hill just in time to see Barton pushing Steve back from the suspended form of Tony Stark. Even from here, as Coulson and Banner scrambled past him and down the hill, Wade could see the stream of red flowing down the spike that pierced the armor and the man's chest.
Wade scoffed, pulling the hammer of his pistol back with a sneer. "Don't play dumb! And put your hands up!"
Their guide nodded, and when Mrs. Warren agreed, his dad led them to the elevator, one that was big enough for even the Hulk and Thor combined, to take them up to the Avengers training decks.
“Hey Pete,” his dad said, almost giddy as he came inside to be met by his son. “It's only been a week, but it feels like forever.”
“I know you're hiding more than files,” Tony mused as he looked around. “Hey, J, give me an IR scan of the room, real quick.”
“I organized with everyone to move in today, now that SHIELD has collapsed.” Coulson, who stood by a group of what looked to be a mix of scientists and field agents, held up a clip board with some papers on it. “Miss Potts approved, I didn't think to much into it.”
“I’m gonna work through his crew, crushing skulls until one of them tell me where Francis is. Then I’ll force him to cure my face. And once he has, I’ll crush him up into a fine vintage and win Peter back.”
Seeing the guy that had taken him start to walk over, Peter let out a relieved breath as the tape was removed.
When Steve, Sam, and Bucky arrived at the tower, Tony was ready. What he wasn't ready for was Thor showing up with Jane Foster and Darcy Lewis, or Natasha appearing with Clint and Coulson, or, hell! He knew Bruce was actually in the Tower, but Tony still wasn't prepared to see him.
“I’m sorry I didn’t give you a heads up,” Tony said, turning to walk towards the exit. “But if I had-”
There was a beat of silence, and Tony turned to head back towards the house.
“You are, you-”
“Finished Barnes arm,” Tony stated proudly, smirking as he stood to stretch. “Wanted to get it here sooner rather then later. It's a good arm. Really cool features aaand why are you looking at me like that?”
“Wow,” a woman said, coming up to his side. “Tony Stark.”
“I bought a ring,” he said simply.
Tony could feel the jab, and he swung the axes a little harder as his heart felt like it was being crushed. He decided then, that he wanted to tell Steve about his vision. Steve needed to know, so he could understand. “We don’t know what Maximoff showed him. It could have been important.” He paused, about to continue, but Steve interrupted before he could.
I hope you enjoyed reading this chapter. Iron Man 2 is one of my... less liked in the MCU, it's just really bad, in my opinion, but I was trying to make it more clear on how codependent that are? Not sure if that came across, so tell me how you think I did in the comments! Also, tell me you love little Peter with the spider legs! Like, seriously, I kinda wish someone could just draw the donut scene, I would love them forever!
When he arrived, he wasn’t that surprised to find people outside. Most of them ran when they saw him coming, and a few collapsed into sobs when he approached. They must have been trying to get inside. The mansion, however, was sealed tight. Metal shutters were dropped over ever window and door in sight, and Steve was sure that the walls had been reinforced at some point. No one would be getting in without the proper code.
“I really think you should see a doctor,” Steve said. “Maybe they can give you something to make it a bit easier.”
"What happened?" Tony pressed. "Does it have something to do with that sling your arms in?"
Peter ran a hand over his face, trying to wake up. What was going on? Why was his dad calling about something like that?
Eventually, he made his way upstairs, after some more crying from Peter, and scolding from Pepper. Obie was sitting at the piano, a pizza box on the table. Oh look, Obie brought dinner.
“Well keep ‘Lucky’ away from Bilgy! I'm not cleaning up if Bilgy turns your service animal into a chew toy!”
"And where we find the stones," Coulson mused. "We find Thanos."
They built a natural disaster model, with a rotation of tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, and earthquakes. Peter had, of course, built something similar before, but it was more fun to do it with friends. Or, at least, he thought they were friends. He hoped they were friends…
His group went to the Tower first, starting the week off pretty great. Peter already knew everything, but it was pretty cool to get the same tour as everyone else. To see the Tower the way his group mates did instead of as someone who lived there.
“Who are they?” Steve had asked, when the group had arrived on the doorstep of the mansion.
Both Ned and Mary Jane frowned at each other, and before Steve could stop them, they were heading up the steps to the front door of the mansion.
But as the day went on, and Wade’s phone was dinging with messages from Peter, he really felt his chest ache.
Tony vaguely remembered drying Peter off and dressing him in pajamas, but after that, it was a haze of sleepy mutterings and a weight on his chest. Then, his back hitting bed and the weight cuddling up with him. A door seemed to squeak open, and Tony thought he saw someone there, big and looming and dangerous, but they were gone, and the bed was warm.
When Wilson had taken the Reality Stone from Thanos, the fight to capture Thanos hadn’t been too difficult. With Wilson gone with the Stone, there would be no way to bring those lost back, even with the gauntlet. They were still trying to integrate Thanos, though. If Wilson came back, they’d need to know where the other Stones were.
“Then I want to call in a friend of mine,” Tony snapped. “Personal doctor. Stephen Strange. He’ll take care of Wade and-”
“Not exactly that one,” Tony corrected. “A smaller one. A much smaller one.”
Deadpool snickered, and Peter found it more then a little creepy and weird. What was with this guy? He seemed so… overly cheery and more then a little unhinged. Did his dad really think it was okay to work with this guy? Or, at the very least, not report him to a mental hospital?
“Where are the other Stones?” Steve demanded, not for the first time.
Steve swallowed, his stomach churning as he stood. Had it been a vision? Something that would come to pass if he failed? Failed… what? Failed to protect Tony? No, if he failed and went under again. If he couldn’t protect Tony and Peter and everyone else that he loved, and had to make the sacrifice play again. Would it really happen again?
house AI to be head nanny and Peter's teacher. Her name is Friendly, Rather Interesting, Daily Advisor of Youngling, or Friday. She was in charge of creating Peter's schedules and routines, based on a collection of child rearing advising books off the internet that she routinely updated for milestones two months in advance.
“Don’t do that!” Rhodey sighed.
"He's a loose cannon," Steve pressed. "It doesn't matter that he's grieving. We can't trust him."
“Obadiah's upstairs,” she said as she put down a coffee cup and placed a package in his desk. “What would you like me to tell him?”
So Steve got them some water bottles, and walked Bucky around town until Bucky finally spoke up.
The hooded man turned, ready to continue with how terrible the strange cult was, but found the other now gone. He frowned, confused, but had to let it go when gunshots rang from down the street. Quickly, he ran to find somewhere to hide. He didn't notice the young man walking down the street, seeming more chipper then before.
XxXXxX
Eventually dinner ended, and he had to go home, but he got to hug and kiss Peter before he left. Kiss, as in, on the cheek, of course. He didn’t want to incur the wrath of two of the world's most powerful people, after all. Not right after they said he could date their son. That would just be stupid.
Tony watched in shock, as Steve pushed himself out of the chair, lowering to one knee as he pulled Tony's wedding ring out of his pocket. He held it out, eyes filled with hope and fear and so many other emotions.
Tony could remember the day it happened clearly.
“Anyone want to play Sorry?”
Steve pulled Johnny and Susan a little tighter to his chest. "We… don't know. They were off planet when everything happened, and we can't get in contact with them."
It took Tony a while to find information on Peter's mother. Nearly a year, actually, thanks to all the dates with Steve, teammates birthdays, holidays, and other special occasions. It took nearly a year, to find out everything he could about Peter's mother.
Even when Stane came back after months and months of absence, even when he was enraged and gaze at him and his baby with murderous eyes. Even when the man used his voice on him making him freeze in terror, making his body paralyzed, even if he took his tattered pants and used him over and over, chocking him and threating his baby with death if Tony did something wrong, even if he left Tony and throw some of Angie's hair that was splatter with blood…
The first time Peter asked about his father, his baby was six years old. It had been years since Steve came to live in Queens with his baby, six years and Steve was tired… so tired. He realized now what his mother felt like raising a child as a single parent, working herself to death, but the thing is, his mother had a degree to back her off, to make things easier, Steve, on the other hand, was a college dropout without a degree, so Steve couldn't get a better job other than working the odd jobs here and there and working as waiter in the few restaurants who accept hiring him, with his second job in the bookstore.
In the end, Anthony had to carry the Omega inside, and he winced as he was told later that the Omega had a broken shoulder and mild concussion, Anthony had felt so guilty, he made sure to pay for the Omega's treatment, that was the last thing he could do being the one who sent the Omega here, thought the Omega told him not to sweat it, that it was his fault for running and paying attention, even when his father continued to call him that day, Anthony didn't have the heart to leave the Omega alone, so he stayed with him the whole day, talking with the Omega and making him laugh here and there, he even got the Omega's number and was shocked that the kid was eighteen when he told him.
The people around the town stopped what they were doing, their eyes following Tony's car with their eyes, probably wondering about the stranger who dared to come into their town. Tony's lips just twitched into a grin, taking a different turn that was going to take him to the lake. Tony counted 15 to 10 minutes before the lake was going to be filled with the town's people, probably trying to stop the stranger from finding Steven, not that Tony didn't know about him, to begin with.
Dating Steve was like a dream come true, making Tony feel like he was from one of the fairy tale characters that his baby loves so much, every time he looked at the Alpha he flushes bright red and tried to brave on and look at the Alpha with a straight face without becoming a stuttering mess like he was some high scholar with a crush, but all in all, Steve was kind, and gentle, and amazing, and all-around Tony just wanted to give a dreamy sigh when he is with him, if Tony was asked then he will say that Steve Rogers was the image of perfection, even when there is nothing perfect.
Steven's words caused James to stop mid-yawn and turn to his mother, giving Steven a sleepy smile. "No." James shook his head, shuffling until he burrowed into Steven's side. "I see him a lot though, he is always in the forest near the kin's house; people do not like him because he does not have a dam… foolish people." James mumbled to himself, yawning a few more times before he dozes off, falling asleep shortly after that.
"Papa…" Peter said as he gave a big yawn which made Tony stiffen his chuckle at that and kiss the pup's forehead, then standing up, stretching for a little bit and turning his head to the pup who was making grapy hands at him which made the Omega chuckle and carry the pup in his arms, going to the bathroom to brush his teeth and wash his face.
Years passed with the same dullness, he drank, he partied, he waved his mother, Peggy, Ann, Jarvis, and Rhodey's concern away, he invents weapons better than before, he slept around every day with different people not dating someone more than two months at any giving time, he met a woman called Pepper Potts who Tony was sure he couldn't live without her, Tony was even thinking about asking her out, hoping against hope that she wouldn't be like Steve and break his already broken heart that no matter how many times Tony tried couldn't glue together.
Anton traced the star on the Shield, his mind going over what the small pup told him not a day ago. A story with truth to it, or an over-exaggerated one; a question that is hard to answer. But the truth in all of this was, someone tried desperately to prevent Steven from getting his hand on this strange Shield. A strange Shield that Anton tried to melt for the metal that would be of use, only to be baffled about how the metal stayed in shape no matter how much Anton raised the heat, no matter how long he left the metal overnight; the Shield stayed intact, the only thing that burned was the leather strap behind the Shield. After seeing numerous failed attempts, Anton had decided on putting the Shield in the corner, deciding that if the metal won't be extracted and use to make a better Shield. A Shield that was so small that it couldn't protect the whole body, so smooth that a sword can slide over the metal and injure its user; a Shield with no wood in it or some other engraving other than a star was no Shield to his people, it was better as a fruit bowl or a basket than a Shield.
"Start using it after Afghanistan, because of this." Tony taped at the covered Arc-Reactor which made the Omega look at him in confusion before shaking his head. "Tell me, Steve…" Tony finally dared to talk after the awkward pause that fell on them. "Is there a chance that the two of us can make things right again?" Tony looked at his feet hearing Steve sighing at that.
Letting out a huff in annoyance, Steve glared at the note hoping that it will burn to flames and send his real feeling to Tony, it was a few seconds later that Steve turned around when he heard Bucky asking if he was OK; nodding his head, Steve walked toward Bucky, giving him a grateful smile before they both start walking outside of the mansion to Steve's car.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Don't you think I should know about things like this?" Howard said as he throws the book on the coffee table and stood up, making Tony raise his brow at that and put a hand on his stomach trying to calm the baby that was starting to flutter like crazy.
"Listen to me, you crazy bastard! I don't know what the fuck you are talking about, so either you calm down or I'm bringing the armor to knock you out!" Anton snapped, which made Steven growl and throw the pillow at Anton's face, which made the man let out a yell when the pillow hit him in the nose, but Steven didn't let the man recover, he took the second pillow and brandished it like a weapon, planning on attacking the man once more.
Tony hummed to himself happily as he parked in the tower's underground parking lot, collecting his suitcase and then pause when he saw a colorful book in the backseat, that made Tony shake his head and smile a little pulling the comic book toward him and start flipping through the pages smiling when he saw that it was a Spider-Man comic, already knowing that it was Peter who forgot it in his car.
So what do you think?
Steve rushed toward his baby, taking a handkerchief from his pocket to wipe the blood off his boy’s face, but Peter pushed him away, taking a few shaky steps back, before throwing up on Steve’s shirt and the floor, causing a shocked silence to fall on the place, only to be broken by Peter’s sobs as he starts crying loudly at the mess he made on his mother shirt more than the blood that was still flowing down his nose. “Shush, baby, it’s OK, it’s OK, nothing bad happened baby, it’s OK, Mommy going to handle it, just breath baby…” Steve rushed toward his sobbing baby, trying to calm him down but only succeeded in getting louder wails from his boy, as Peter starts pushing him away.
"…You have been in a coma for two weeks now, thankfully you woke up, aunt Peggy was about to say fuck it and bring Dr. Cho and few other doctors to see what is wrong, even Thor, he went back to Asgard to search the whole 'Darkness lurking within' stuff, you know, you should have told us that you have a serious case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, I would have at least help… after running a few tests that is." Tony offered as he wiggled his eyebrow which caused Steven to snort and shake his head.
"Rhodey, who was he?" Maria asked taking a step toward the Beta which made him snap and look at the Omega who was on the verge of crying, because no matter where she turned her head the people around her all being secretive, and Barnes wouldn't say anything as he was taking every evaluable moment to leave and seek Howard to kill him.
Steven said with a smile, which made everyone's eyes widen like they could not believe what their ears were hearing.
"Mr. Rogers." The doctor called out which made both Steve and Tony blink their eyes, letting go of each other before turning to the Beta who was blinking in surprise at the sight they were making. "I see…" The female said before smiling causing Steve to relax a little, turning to the kids before ushering them outside with Natasha and Clint. If the doctor had important news, bad or good, Steve wanted to discuss them with Tony before informing the kids about it.
is not home at this moment, and you shouldn't be here either, especially with you having a restraining order against you," Tony stated as he crossed his arms over his chest, glaring at the woman whose eyes widen and a dark look taking over her face in the following seconds.
"Look, I don't care what Stark did, but I will give you a fair warning Rogers, I will never stop chasing you no matter what you think, and I will make you fall in love with me in the end and forget all about Stark, clear?" Bucky stated with a smug look, the sadness vanished from his eyes and it was replaced by a determent look, which caused Steve to smile and shake his head in amusement. "Good, now if you excused me, I have to start planning how to win your heart, so if you don't mind, shoo!" Bucky pushed him away, as he said those words making Steve snort and wave goodbye to Bucky before walking toward the red door that appeared out of nowhere, opening it and getting inside…
It was silly, it was insane, it was impossible, but so was the monster living in the lake near his house. Just the thought of it being real made Tony snort and nearly laugh himself silly at that; but after days and days of witnessing so many unexplained incidents, Tony decided to give it a little bit of faith.
In this video Rogers was actually in a bright room full of a childish cartoon drawn on the walls, children's music playing in the background, and a lot of stuffed toys of all shapes and sizes and cuteness were in the room. The Winter Soldier was huddling in the middle of the room while hissing and trying to thrash away from the Hydra agent that was combing his hair while singing him songs that were meant for little babies. Everyone could see how pale Rogers was, and the dark circles surrounded his eyes told them that the man didn't have a good night's sleep in weeks.
For everyone angry at me at the way Tony treated Sarah, don't, everyone should realize that what Peggy did to the Rogers family, had an everlasting effect that everyone still struggling with, Sarah was just good at hiding how it affected her, but hopefully Tony opened her eyes a little bit.
"S-sir?" He questioned opening his eyes a little. "R-run!" Jarvis tried to say but a harsh cough cut him.
The screams of pain from the three, made Serpentine give a delightful sigh, enjoying the screams, and moans, and thrashes, as bones got broken and skin got stretched to the limit. It took a few more minutes before three humans stood in front of her, the helpless little creatures disappeared from her sight, which made Serpentine huff, missing her chance to at least stab one and call it a win.
"Hey! What are you doing here, Tony?" The voice behind the Omega made him turn around and relax a little when he saw that it was Carol, which meant that the Omega has a high chance in finding Steve, now that the Beta was here. The woman skipped to him with a big smile on her face, but Tony was able to detect the nervousness hiding behind her cheerful mask, which made whatever hope he was feeling inside him dash.
"Are you up for cleaning?" Tony asked getting a grin from Rhodey, who no doubt was already planning how to clean this place and make it livable; Tony hum as he turned around, spotting a few spots that will make amazing places for installing the cameras, sensors, and speakers. A few minutes later Pepper finally arrived with Morgan in her arms; Tony never saw Pepper's eyes widen in amazement as he saw them when she and Morgan took in the small room…
So, so sorry for the late and short update, but my mid-terms are coming, and it's hell.
So it was dinner time, and Tony was grateful that Aunt Peggy and her mate Angie were invited to dinner. Dinner was good, great even! Until his mother starts talking about Hammer and how he will make a wonderful Alpha for Tony… "He is a good Alpha!" His mother said happily making Tony choke on his juice... if only his mother knew… "His mother and I were talking, I think it will be a wonderful idea for you to meet him, you don't know, you may even like him!" That was Maria's happy voice.
So far the two of them had a fairly normal date; a good one even. Steve had taken Tony to a fancy restaurant that seemed to be open at night and was hard to find; the shock was when Steve told Tony that the restaurant was owned by the Addams family for generations and that every person he was seeing was an Addams from the branch family or someone associated with them. Something that nearly caused Tony to have a heart attack when he realized that he was surrounded by Addams from all sides. On another note, the food turned out to be amazing, and the serves were good, the place would have got five stars… if the waiters and waitresses weren't cut off hands that run so fast that Tony nearly fainted once he saw them.
… he became and the way he deals with things." Fury said, standing up from his chair before going to the pot of coffee on the other side of his office, pouring two cups and offering one to Tony before returning to his chair. "What do you want to know?" Fury asked, taking a sip from his coffee, his eyes don't stray from Tony who was thinking about Fury's words.
"I see…" The Omega said with a scowl on his face as he followed the Alpha until they reached one of the officers that were waiting near the corner, who jumped in fear as Tony's glaring eyes fell on him. "If you don't mind I will take my leave now." The Omega hissed which made the officer wince and nods his head, letting a sigh of relief when the Omega left with the Alpha.
To say that Tony's trip to Hawaii was boring would be a lie because it was one interesting trip that Tony was going to remember even after years passed; you know why? Because it was one hell of a funny and delightful trip; what made it even better was Tony and Steve meeting one of Tony's old… friends… who decided to make a nuisance out of herself, which did nothing but get Steve angrier and angrier with want for revenge. Tony really enjoyed their night together after they finished with the bitch that was Sunset.
24-Hvað með Hydra djöfullinn, konungur minn? -What about the Hydra devil, my king?
"You have grown!" The king said as he looked at the small boy which made the babe give a happy grin of his own that fell when his eyes turned to Steven and James, the small pup was looking at the boy in the king's arm with curiosity, which was something that made the king's pup shy away and hide his face in the king's neck which made the king frown and send a warning glare to the Omega, making the Omega narrow his eyes at him and hiss hoping that the man will keep his filthy misleading reasons to himself, though the king did whisper something in the boy's ear making him unlatch himself from his hiding place to look at the Omega and pup once more.
A snappish voice answered and Steve had to blink because one thing was for sure that was not his mother's voice, it actually sounded like… "Grandma Addams?" Steve asked uncertainly; frowning darkly wondering how in the name of the seven hells did the crystal ball connect grandma Addams and not his mother like he want it too, from the corner of his eyes he saw a doll running around giving a childish giggle and Steve knew how, Steve to snarl and throw a knife at the doll, which ended getting a shriek from the said doll as it was stabbed in the heart.
"That's not true, listen to me Steve please!" Bucky begged as he followed the Omega out of the kitchen Peter was in the living room watching National Geography, too interested in the science show he was seeing to turn to his mother and Bucky. "Look, everything happens, it was because of Howard, that bastard sent Tony away to get rid of you then he lied to him saying you demand money from him and blackmail him, it caused Tony mental break down when he knew about this today, he was about to kill his father today if it wasn't for his mother, Steve are you even listening to me?" Bucky begged when both he and Steve reached the Omega's room, Bucky prayed that Steve will listen but knowing the Omega that was impossible.
Steven though just gave him a soft knowing smile, and Tony doesn't know if he hates it to the bones or if he should be wary about it. "You are him, Tony, you are Anton… or you were when I met you two thousand years ago, reincarnation can be messy sometimes." The last bits Steven said to himself, but Tony, who had a perfect hearing, couldn't help but catch them, and with that, his eyes became almost impossibly large at Steven's words.
Finishing his wash, the Omega then will go to clean the stables and take care of the horses, feeding them if the one responsible for them didn't show up, which they never did ever since Steven start working under the Iron King's thumb, slacking in their work and leaving Steven to handle the downfall, finishing with the stables, the Omega will start working on the gardens making as much use as he can with the last daylight of the day before he was forced to return home and make the evening meal, which once again he will get yelled at for how bad his skill was at cooking, then the Omega will return to clean the house once again, this time cleaning the first story while ignoring the rooms he was forbidden to enter, which as always his work ended up a little bit after Matins, which got him a few hours of sleep at best.
"Love, I came home to you last night," Tony said gently, taking Steve's hands in his, massaging the Omega's hands with his strong ones. "You told me you have some important news for me, you even made me go and check on James, because he had a migraine early that morning, when we were having dinner, the three of us, you gave me this." Tony smiled as he let go of Steve's hands, taking the small box on the nightstand, near the glass water, making Steve wonder how he missed it. "I was so happy, Steve, and I… I made that stupid comment about going and getting a drink, then you start panicking and then you passed out… I'm so sorry baby, I didn't mean to cause you to stress, I'm so sorry." Tony whispered, clutching the box in his hands making Steve shake his head.
Currently, everyone was heading to the Stark's mansion, Peggy and Angie decided to go earlier to prepare the house for Tony's arrival, they, of course, were led on by Jarvis who wanted everything to be perfect for when Tony and his pup were back, that left Howard and Maria, who wanted to be there for when their son and grandson discharged, Pepper and Rhodey were working, but the two of them promised to be there before sunset, though Pepper did threat her mate Happy (The Starks' driver, which shocked Tony the first time he heard it that he nearly faint.) that if he let anything happen to Tony, she will skin him alive, all in all, everything was turning out fine.
Viking women and men married young—as early as 12 to 15 years old. By the age of 20, virtually all men and women were married. Life expectancy was about 50 years, but most died long before reaching 50. Only a few lived to 60. That's why Tony has a rough life even being a king, an unmarried man at the age of 32 in the Viking age was a practical plea of insanity.
Steve presses his lips together at Anthony's joking voice, Tony? Is that what the Alpha wants to be called with? Why? Is it because they entered a new millennium? It was so strange looking at the man now, not only his appearance changed, but also his attitude, he was a self-centric, sarcastic, cruel sometimes, uncaring, and all of that Steve gathered in one interview, it made him wonder if something happened to Anthony, or he always had been like this but Steve was too blind to see it.
His baby looked at him with teary eyes, causing Steve to kiss his forehead, before standing up and pulling his baby with him gently, causing the shaky boy to latch into his midsection, following Steve when he starts walking, trying to avoid coming near the body on the floor and near Howard who was gazing at him with an unreadable look on his face and a dark frown which was more of a reason for Steve to hurry out of the house.
"It won't, sweetheart; I won't allow it, nothing bad would happen, I am here," Steve whispered, holding Tony tightly and refusing to let him go trying to calm him mate before Tony started thinking unnecessary things and panicked. Personally, Steve won't mind having another child; a baby that was part of him and part of Tony sounded like a dream come true. In the end, it was Tony's choice, and so far, Tony was terrified by the idea of getting pregnant, fearing that the baby would end up having the same fate as Tony's first child. For Steve, it may have been irrational fear, but he knew that for Tony, the Omega was terrified by that thought; that's why the two of them never talked about having a child of their own. Adoption, they talked about it, they even talked about fostering children; but when it came to having their own baby, Tony became a mess, that's why the two of them postponing this conversation as much as they can…
The snort of amusement behind him made Tony grit his teeth and glance at the lake, his breath hitch when his eyes fell on the raging lake; the waves were hitting the shore and it looked like there was a storm coming soon, but… but there was no wind. "Oh, that little rat did tell me about this. 'Barnes and Carter's word are a law if they say something happened than it did; if they deny it ever happened then it didn't. If someone disappears and they said they didn't exist, then they didn't.' it makes me wonder, will they forget about you ever existing in this house when you leave in the middle of the night?" Stane mocked and Tony's lips trembled, tears clouding his eyes at the harsh and cruel words, even with all the extra time he made Stane talk to gain time, Tony still didn't come up with a plan that will save him and his baby.
Tony took a few deep breaths, trying to calm himself down before facing his brother once more; opening his eyes, Tony was greeted with the blank face and dead eyes of his brother, that was the only face Tony knew, the only look James bestow upon the Stark family since he was a five years old piece of nothing that finally made himself into something. Tony hate him, he hates him for stealing whatever piece of attention from their father when he couldn't, and he hated that he was forced to consider him a family and a brother, but want it or not, his father has that strange fascination with James, which meant he was forced to tolerate that bastard, he hated that love/hate relationship that was the base that the Stark family build all of their relationships on.
Life was hectic and I didn't have a lot of time to write this.
…But it seemed that Tony couldn't say the same thing about Pepper… as soon as the woman saw him she was like 'Oh,' and when Tony turned to her, his face pale when he was the shy flush on the woman's face as she gazed at the man with interest, which made Tony pale so much his face turned grey, it can't be! Noooo! Rogers was able to brainwash Pepper! "You are back,
"No Kung Fu, until after breakfast!" Steve called as he shook his head at the two that started mock fighting and laughing, his heart pounded in happiness in his chest, as he turned around and headed to the kitchen, hearing the happy squeals and laughter as his boy rolled around the floor with his father.
"Daddy! You won't believe what Uncle Bucky d… Daddy, why is Mr. Steve in bed with you?" Peter's innocent question made Tony and Steve speechless, the embarrassment and horror muting their voice as they turned to Peter who was gazing at them with a confused look hugging his bear in his arms as he looked from Tony to Steve and back again.
The king's harsh words sport his people to action as they start pulling the servants and guards, ripping their left sleeves and gazed at their wrists, the sound of Margaret's snarl made Steven look at her, as she growled at the Alpha who pulled the small pup from her hands, she pushed him until the Viking let go of the pup, who then ran to Steven and clutch his skirt tightly. "
…" Another step from the Alpha, causing Steve to raise his head and glared at the man willing the emotions in his chest to still and not act out; part of him couldn't help but wonder, what Nicolaus was thinking of him that he turned out to be married (Even if it was forced) to the man who destroyed his home.
"Peter!" Steve called out when he reached Peter's room, letting out a relieved sigh when he found the boy awake on his bed and rubbing his eyes, no doubt he was awakened from his pleasant dreams by the dreaded sound of the alarms informing them of a security breach. "Come on, baby, we need to get out of here," Steve whispered gently as he went to pick Peter, holding the boy tightly in his arms as he rushed to the panic room Jarvis was leading him to.
Hope you enjoyed the story!
"You should have been here three hours ago; the little devil wouldn't let me sleep unless I take her outside." Tony stated, nuzzling his girl, and taking her baby scent; an action that calmed Tony's fragile heart more than he cared to admit. "What took you two so long? I thought you will be back an hour ago." Tony questioned as he stood up, smiling at Rhodey when he took the baby bag with him, and Pepper took the rest, as the three of them went inside the house.
So after a lot of floating and chattering from Barnes, who took Rogers' cuffs and was talking to him like they were long lost friends who had just found each other after graduating college (The sparkling in Bucky's eyes made Tony doubtful at the label 'Friend') Rogers was then lead toward his room, with Tony crossing his fingers behind his back that the man will hate the room enough to run away when he sees it, Addams or not, the room Tony was able to create was disturbing as hell, even by his standard and he has seen a lot of weird shit.
"Oh, it's you, the insane newcomer who lives in the Rogers' property..." The man said dryly, taking Tony in with a raised eyebrow before a smug smile takes over his face which made Tony uncomfortable, especially when he leered at him with a look that made the hair on the back of Tony's neck stand on its ends. "Tell me what is it like, living in the Rogers' hunted house? Did you meet the monster living in the lake? Did you do something that will bring forth its anger? Personally, I don't believe it exists, but you know, it's known that 'it' refuses for anyone to live in the house near the lake that 'it' will kill if it meant to get people out its land… tell me, did you let it fuck you so you will stay in its house without it attacking you? I can give it to you if you want." The man grins as he said those words his eyes shining as he gazed at Tony, which made Tony try and suppress his shaking and disgust, which increased when he saw the hunger in the man's eyes.
Tony laid in bed as he gazed at the ceiling, a dark frown on his face as he tried to make sense of why he was suddenly awake at (Gazing at the clock on the nightstand Tony frowned harshly at the green digits) 3 A.M. Part of Tony was confused; wondering why was he awake at this time of the night without any reason… maybe he needed to pee? Or maybe Steve was finally back home after a grueling night in the office… or maybe… the uneasiness caused Tony to swallow and sit on the bed.
"You are awake, good." The man with the silver arm said eyebrow twitching when the realization that the two of them were fighting each other with pillows, he wondered how strong Steven's aim was to turn Tony's nose red with just a fluffy feathery pillow.
"I can ask that of you Tony, this is too much, especially when you have work." Steve said groaning when his phone starts ringing once more which made the Alpha growl and open the phone screaming at the person on the other line which made Tony wince at that but waited until the Alpha finished, wincing as he saw Steve's stress rising every second he was on the phone.
After searching for so long, Tony finally found him, he finally found Steve, in Central Park among all the people, Tony wanted to rush to him but he couldn't do anything other than wait for his love to be alone, he doesn't want his first meeting with his mate after so long to be recorded by cameras, standing near the Omega, Tony could do nothing but shake, his love was beautiful as always, but he was so tired, he was so thin and had bags under his eyes, but the thing that Tony noticed the most was how his hips were wider than before, a sign that Steve was pregnant, tears start falling from his eyes, the feeling of being a failure hit him more than before, he left his mate to suffer and care for their pup while he was drinking and sleeping around.
"No, not really, if I did that then how were they going to tell you about our marriage?" Steve asked, his words confirming Tony's suspicion and causing the genius to let out a mad snarl that made everyone jump and for Steve's eyes widen and for hearts to appear in them… Tony was going to kill them; he was going to end them, the two of them! Kill, kill;
"So where were you, Steve? We came and were told that you are out for work-related things." Ben said as he came and put his arm around May's shoulders which made the Beta smile happily at him and turn to Steve who had a feral smile on his face, which kind of made Ben blink a little at that a shiver going down his spine.
It was hard after that night; two weeks passed since the big fight with Tony and Steve. Two weeks of Steve moving temporarily into Natasha and Sam's apartment, refusing to return home no matter how many hours Tony spent outside Natasha's home, knocking and pleading with Steve to be back. It is two weeks since the night that Steve came to Natasha's place, crying in the middle of the night and continuing to cry even after two days going by. It was painful, it was hard, and Steve could still hear Tony's cruel words ringing in his ears, looping back and forth until Steve was left a shaky mess, not knowing what to feel.
After the earth-shattering kiss, Steve and Tony shared; the inventor couldn't believe his luck, the breath left his lungs as Steve bestow another kiss upon his lips followed by another one. A kiss turned to two, turned to three, and then turned to many kisses until Tony said enough was enough and dragged Steve away from the gala. It wasn't like it was the first time that Tony ditched the gala to do something, and it won't be the last, but Tony had a feeling this time that Pepper won't mind him doing this, especially when before he left Pepper to send him a cheeky smile and a wink. This only informed Tony of how much teasing he will get when he was going to leave his room today, but thinking about it did nothing but making a huge smile stretch his lips.
If you are foolish enough to accept the oathbreaker to join your hunting party, then you need all the protection you need." Steven stated, forcing Anton to lean down before strapping the talisman under his tunic, causing Anton to blink his eyes in confusion.
"Hate… weak… he… me!" Peter said those words after hiding his face in Steve's neck, which made it hard for the Omega to understand what Peter was saying, but he understands a bit to know what his pup was talking about, which nearly made Steve's heart drop at that and he held his son tightly in his arms.
He doesn't know how many years that passed since Anton had died and gone to Valhalla, but he knows that they were too many now, he stopped shining brightly like how he used to before meeting Anton, instead, his shining was always dull, which made his sisters and brothers worry about him, but he always wave their concern, after all, how could he tell them? Tell them that he was in love with a mortal, and do stars fall in love even? He thinks not, he was sure that he will shine until he dies billions and billions of years later and form a black hole, another passage in space for explorers to go through to see another part of the universe.
Tony wondered if that meant he needs to push Carol away to access the station and search the entire police station to find Fury, which thinking about that sounded too tiresome and risky, especially with Morgan nesting and snorting in his arms. "This way…" Carol ended up saying after a few minutes of looking at Tony like he lost his mind, which was rude if Tony was honest with himself.
The doctors wanted him sedated and drugged so he wouldn't be a danger to himself, like the many time he did after waking; trying to run away and move his useless body and fall of the bed more than once. They wanted him to go through tests after tests to see what made his brain tick. The last thing Steve heard was Bucky nearly starting a fight with one of the doctors that insisted Steve was still in a coma of sort and that he may never recover if Bucky didn't force his memories to come by using his Alpha voice. The last thing Steve heard from Peggy (Who still comes daily to update him about everything going outside, trying not only to communicate with him but hoping to make him remember his real-life… or so she thinks) was that Steve was going to start his physical therapy soon as well as his sessions with a trauma therapist.
"That's my grandson!" Howard crooned in pride in the background followed by everyone, which made the pup's eyes widen even more and for a grin to take over his face as he looked at his mother like he couldn't believe his eyes, though Tony was having a hard time holding in his laughter, especially when Steve turns around on the floor to lay on his stomach and lay his cheek on his fist and look at the pup who was squealing in delight as he got all the attention from everyone, making Tony grin his thanks, causing Steve to give him a cheeky wink…
2-In Norse, the days of the week are named after Norse Gods. The first day of the week MANDAG (Monday) related to the moon and was named after the God Mani, or Måne. TIRSDAG (Tuesday) is the day of the Norse God Tyr, the son of Odin. ONSDAG (Wednesday) this day was named for the war God, Odin. TORSDAG (Thursday) this is the day of the Norse God Thor. FREDAG (Friday) this was the day of the beautiful Frigg and Freya. LØRDAG (Saturday) in Norwegian, it's the day to wash your clothes, "laugardagen" or "washday." The Vikings were extremely particular about their appearance and were very clean. SØNDAG (Sundays) the Norse word is related to the sun. The Norwegian word for sun is "sol," and there was a Norse goddess with this name, she was also the sister of Mani.
Prime — around 6 a.m.
A little part of Tony could only stare in awe at Steve, taking how much his beauty and divinity increased as the light of the sun touched him. Steve never pointed out that the sunlight enhanced him, but Tony should have known anyways, after all, the sun was just another star on its own. Gazing at how Steve's light intertwined with the sun's, it cemented in Tony's mind that Steve was not from around here, that he was in a league of his own, a league that not even Thor with all of his
Steve only took a deep breath before opening the car's door and getting out of the passenger seat, Tony followed not a few minutes later as he parked his car in the parking lot behind the restaurant, together they walked inside of the restaurant going to the host and asking for their reservation. After the two of them were seated at their table, Steve finally looked at the Alpha with a tired look in his eyes making Tony swallow at that wondering what could have possibly made the Omega sport that looks.
"Yes, baby, it is him, but Harley is a little tired right now so he is going to take a nap," Tony replied, smiling when he saw Peter pout at the thought of having to wait before being able to play with Harley to his heart content; it was such an innocent and cute sight, it nearly made Tony coo at how precious Peter was.
(See the end of the chapter for
The next three hours were spent with Steven screaming and cursing and trying to wiggle out of those bracelets, he even tried to run, but his leg hurt so much that he fell on his face moaning in pain, which only made that metal fucker snort and watch him while opening its own arm which made a spark rush out, causing the creature to sigh and start tinkering with its own arm, which made Steven sigh and return to gaze at the bracelets trying to find a weakness in it. "Do you even sleep?" The creature asked when he saw Steven busy trying to free himself by biting the metal bracelets which so far no luck, it only ended with Steven's teeth hurting.
After that date, you can say that Steve became a little soft on Tony, he no longer glare at the Alpha if he opened his mouth to say something, and no longer want to kick him out if the house every time he made Peter pout a little, but even with the soft way Steve treated the Alpha, it didn't mean that he has forgiven him, the Alpha knew that, he also knew that Steve still thinks that the Alpha was still going to leave him and Peter any minute now and that's why the Omega never told Peter about Tony being his father nor told the boy about him dating Tony Stark…
"Enough!" Steve snarled which caused everyone to froze in their place, glancing at Steve to see him twitching and glaring at Loki. "How dare you take all of Mr. Stark's attention, you second-rated wizard?" Steve hissed his words making Loki scowling harshly, but before the God of mischief show him who was the second-rated wizard, Steve growled like an animal at him, it was only a few seconds later before the sky darkens with black clouds and the thunder started up with lightening, everyone turned to Thor at that only to see the man shaking his head with horror look on his face. "Rise!" Steve snarled, and a few seconds later the ground shook, and shadowy figures with red eyes got out of the ground, and everyone looked in horror at those things, only Bucky wasn't afraid, the man was swooning and cheering Steve while fanning himself with his hands. "Attack!" Steve hissed, and the shadowy figures turned to Steve before their gaze stick to Loki, letting out shrieks before attacking the trickster, making the man shriek as he tried to counterattack the… demons were actually the best description of what they were seeing… but the man was overwhelmed and it was only a few seconds later that Loki was bound and gagged while whimpering as he backed away from Steve who was growling like an attack dog.
"I noticed, so you are not only the monster's fucktoy, but also its pregnant bitch, interesting…" The person behind him said, which caused Tony to let out a choked noise when he recognized who the voice belongs to, Ty; Tony tried desperately to stop himself from getting sick.
Tony's happy mood vanish before his next breath left him, his smile slipped as he took in the lake that seemed darker than it was yesterday. It wasn't like Tony didn't notice how attached his daughter was to the lake, how she would try to crawl to it even with Tony's disapproval and him pulling her away, ignoring her cries as he took her far away from the lake as he can. It was true that Tony hasn't seen a hid nor hair from Steven Rogers ever since that night when the truth came out, but even then, Tony was content with staying as far away from the lake as he can, even if it meant that his baby would throw a fit and try to sneak to the lake only to be caught by Tony.
I hope I was able to answer some of your questions, don't hastate to ask if you didn't understand a part of the story.
But the truth was Steven was scared… he was really scared, not only he was carrying a child he did not want, but he was… a slave… a slave to a man that was one of the reasons he lost a child in the past, a man that wouldn't hesitate in ordering Steven to get rid of his child, not that Steven wanted the child in the first place, but if the king knew about him being with a child, then if he thought that being the man's slave was tiring, then what to come will be the straw that broke Steven.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, darkness, horror elements, creepiness, torture; Steve is so in love, and finally the date is here! And we will meet surprising characters! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"No little one, that's not a tree, that's a bush." Steve said which mad Peter look at Steve in confusion than at the bush, then at Steve once again then at the bush, that display made Tony giggle softly hiding his face in Peter's neck which made the pup lean on his mother with a confused look on his face.
"I'm going to see take the armor and go see Peter if he didn't go to the daycare, call me when you find something other than the man being a crazy bastard!" Tony says with a wave, causing Steven to growl at the metal man, taking one of the soft pillows beside him and throw it at Tony as hard as he can, which seemed to surprise everyone when the pillow collided with Tony's head, Steven always had a good aim, Sara praised him for it daily when he was young, Steve was grateful when the man didn't turn around and just kept on walking, the blond knew if the metal man turned to him, he will jump him and bash his head on the glass table that was near him.
It was only a few seconds before someone pushed him out of the way which made him squeak and try to balance himself before he ended up falling on his ass. "Hey! Watch where you are going!" Tony snapped once he regains his footing, glaring at the man who was frowning at him.
Ever since the child heard about his father being an inventor, the little one always made sure to follow the latest science shows there was, he once took the broken toaster and fixed it on his own, it made Steve smile happily as he saw his son jump in happiness when his little project worked, Steve made sure to take a little picture of Peter holding the toaster and taking the small boy for ice-cream.
"That's it, you two are so grounded!" A familiar voice snapped behind Tony, which made Tony sigh and turn around, already planning to apologize and hightail it, while ignoring the twin squeak of disbelieve coming from the teens behind him; Tony's eyes widen when he saw who was standing behind him. Sam Wilson, whose eyes also widen when he noticed Tony.
"That's when you are wrong Tony, you are still a child." That made Tony hold his breath and his eyes became glassy at that, and Steven wondered if his words hurt more than Peggy's because he was Rogers' counterpart. "I talked with Peggy… she was angry but she accepted for you to court Rogers in the end… but Tony only courting, which meant no sexual contact of any kind…" Tony's eyes widen at that and a huge smile broke on his face, and Steven was sure that the Omega would have rushed to find Rogers if it wasn't for the older man holding Tony's shoulder. "Tony no sexual contact of any kind, only hand-holding and hugging, if something like today ever happened again then whatever between you and Rogers will be over." Steven warned which made the Omega frown at that.
Tony sang under his breath, an amused smile playing on his lips as he turned around deciding that he will buy a few candy bars just to be on the safe side. "Watch out!" Someone called out, causing Tony to turn, only to groan when someone slammed into him, a small someone at that.
"What are you doing, Tony?" Steve's tired voice made the Omega stop what he was doing and he turned to the Alpha who was standing in the doorway, looking at the bare room with wide eyes like he couldn't believe what Tony was doing, which made the Omega close his eyes tightly and return to what he was planning to do.
"Those fuckers killed Bucky! They killed my mate! And you are telling me to stand down? Who are you to tell me what to do?" Steve snapped hissing like an angry cat, from the corner of his eye Steven noticed how Tony flinched and looked down at his shoes, putting his hands in his pockets and past a fake smile, a move Tony always did when he was hurt.
(See the end of the chapter for
The pup blinked his big eyes, turning to Steve while opening and closing his mouth like he wanted to say something but the words refused to leave him. Steve waited for the pup to say what was on his mind, and it worked when not five minutes later, the small pup gathered himself to speak. "C-can I have the Shield?" The small boy asked, which made Steve smile. He kissed his forehead, nodding his approval to the boy, knowing that his Shield was another security blanket the small boy only request when he felt as helpless as he felt being locked in that basement.
When the Omega stood near the redheaded woman, something flashed before her eyes but it was too fast for Tony to know what it was. "Are you his parent, Sir?" The woman asked making Tony pause for a second, feeling the pup clinches his shirt in his small fists in fear.
A broken heart… Steve said he lost his glow because of a broken heart, Tony wondered what it meant now that Steve's diving glow was back, he wondered what would Steve feel when he realized that his glow brightens even the darkest room in the Avenger's tower. If Steve did know he didn't point it out, he never points out how Jarvis deemed the lights every time Steve entered a room because of how his bright glow light every place he enters, making it hard to gaze at Steve without squinting or wearing a sunglass.
"I… I waited and you didn't show up! Why?" Peter whined like five years old, but the small pup didn't care about that, not when the Alpha finally showed up after breaking his promise of coming and taking him to the lab, something that Peter dreamed about since he was very little and invented his first circuit board... but at least the Alpha showed up, not like... Peter shook his head at that trying to stop his line of thought.
"W… w-when the… b-baby comes… t-there is…n-no place f-for…" Harley didn't continue his sentence, letting out a whine as he hide his face in Tony's chest, the sobs he held in tightly were let loose as Tony held him in his arms, calming him down and nuzzling his head and cheeks.
"He… I do not know how to explain it exactly but… you can say he is famous in Asgard and the nine realms." Thor mumbled his gaze turning to the man with wonder, and everyone can see the determine taking over Thor's face. "He can see what is to happen… a gift from the Norns themselves." Everyone turned to Steven when Thor told them these words and Tony scuff at that.
The breath rushed out of Tony as he heard the Beta mention his son, but the Beta's voice snapped him out of it. "Y-yes! I am here Mr. Wilson, did you find him?" Tony asked desperately, which made the Beta paused at the end of the phone.
"Are you married?" Steven asked which made the woman glance at Rhodey who was looking at Steven with narrow eyes like he was about to attack him.
The Steve of this world… it was hard for Steve to talk with him, he doesn't know what to say toward the young version of himself that didn't go through the hardship that Steve went through, of the pain he felt when he discovered that Bucky was alive, or when he thrust the Shield into the Arc-Reactor, or when he nearly lost Tony because of his stubbornness. It was also confusion for everyone when every time they called Steve's name the two counterparts will turn toward the person saying 'Yes' in union it made people uncomfortable, so in the end, Steve told everyone to just call him Steven or Grant to reduce the confusion that happened… everyone decided to call him Steven, and Steven sense that it was Peggy who made them do that, something about him 'Losing everything he shouldn't lose his identity' thing.
"When you live more than 2500 years, it is in your right to curse however you want and whoever you want, considering that you know every cursing word that was utter since the start of time, you useless meat bag!" Steven snarled at the blond, making the man jump back like Steven was going to attack any minute now.
"Excuse me, Alpha, but would you mind me asking a question?" Steven asked politely calling the woman by her designation not wanting to be rude and call her by something else, so usually calling people by their designation was safer, the woman turned to him and gave him a nod making Steven relax a little. "Do you know of a place called Brookland? And if you do where am I to find it?" Steven asked, and he could see how the woman's face turned from boredom to shock to anger mixed with hate, and Steven tensed at that, especially when the woman looked at his son who was too busy gazing at the children as they ran and play to pay them attention, which Steven was grateful for.
"You look so beautiful…" Steve tried to contain his blush at his lover's words, smiling happily when his love took his hand and give it a small kiss, his heart was pounding in his chest that he feared that any moment now it will rip out of his chest and jump to the ground to dance in joy. Steve sighed happily when his love pulled him to the dancing floor; Steve looked up at the Alpha with a big smile on his face that was mirrored by his lover.
They took the coffee to the rest of the group, everyone was too drained to do anything but hold their cups, trying to feel the warms of the brew, Maria had stopped screaming and now she was leaning on Howard's other side, crying on his shoulder, Peggy and Angie, for the first time in years, were holding each other trying to get comfort, Jarvis sit on the chair that Steve forced him on, and he stood up in the corner, looking at every doctor that passed in the halls hoping that one of them is carrying the news about the Omega and his pup…
Edith said after a while of ambiguous silence and Tony furrow his eyes, thinking that he had imagined the reluctant tone the A.I. used. "Can you take us to him?" Peggy asked in a distraught tone, her sentiment echoing from all the Avengers, Edith has just found Steven when J cannot, that means the need to move fast.
The AI said which made everyone look at Bucky who shook his head; after all, Steve was an artist, not an inventor, so how did he give a hand in making the AI? A hologram screen appeared showing them an old video, and Bucky had to hold his whine as he saw Steve in the video.
Reaching Peggy's office, the Omega breathed in relief, ignoring Carol's calls when she finally found him, growling when the woman pulled him away from the door, however, the door opened, making the Beta and the Omega freeze in their place. Tony's body began to shake, frozen in place, eyes going impossibly wide when he saw Stane. The Alpha was cuffed, with two huge Alphas on either side as they seemed to drag him, but the Omega still shook, his breath hitching when the man turned his eyes to Tony, and the Omega saw the smirk on his face. "Long time no see, eh, boy?" The man stopped in his place, ignoring how the Alphas dragged him away from Tony, but he was unmoving, gazing at the Omega with mockery in his eyes.
pictures! His pictures while he was sleeping, while he was showering, sitting with Natasha on their weekly lunch dates, while he was with Tony, on his doctor appointments… there was even one of him when he was having sex with his husband… the sight in front of him caused him to gag and take a step back, feeling violated and horrified at the same time… how? Why? When? Steve could only think as he took in the information about him writing on the notes.
"Why are you always telling me this at the last minute, Tony? You said James will show up three days from now so I can have enough time to arrange things, and now you won't even be here when he shows up…" Steve sighed already making a mental list of all things he needed to do before James showed up, knowing that this wasn't the first time the Alpha did something like that nor would it be the last, so that meant the Omega has to manage without his Alpha being here when his brother shows up.
"S… Steve…" Tony could only mouth the Omega's name, his voice vanishing as he looked at the Omega who has a hand covering his face, looking away from both Alphas while taking deep breaths to calm himself down… Tony hated himself for not realizing the level of pain Steve was feeling until now.
When Tony was in the car he tried not to growl or glare at the Alpha sitting beside him, Bucky Barnes his name was, the same Alpha that Steve left him for, Tony made sure to pour himself a drink and never look at the Alpha as much as he can. It all starts going to hell when they were ambushed, the scent of fear, pain, and death went around the place as they got shot at, what made Tony shocked was when he read Stark name on the missile before it blows.
"Don't worry, Bucky, I will be there… if you want I can hold your hand?" Steve offered, which made the Alpha pause for a few minutes before nodding his head in acceptance, which made Steve give him a reassuring smile as they went inside the barbershop to wait for Bucky's turn, Steve was never as grateful as he was when the barber was understanding Alpha and just gave him a smile when he explained about Bucky being a war vet.
"I think I explained everything in the letter, Mr. Rogers." Howard said which made Steve grit his teeth at the Alpha's cold words. "You are obviously not fit to be a parent, especially with all of your debts that
"I forced myself to fall out of love." Sara ends up saying after a while which made him give a mocking smile knowing that this was nearly impossible. "It hurt, yes, it may seem impossible, but it is possible, you just need time, time to heal, and that could only happen if you stop gazing at Midgard, set your sight on something higher that won't perish, you won't gain the same heartbreak." Sara said gently as she turns his face to Asgard, kissing his forehead before she floats away. It made him laugh, at how easily she said those words, it made him angry and sad and so many other things, but the thing is he couldn't, wouldn't!
(See the end of the chapter for
It made everyone froze for a second, before Bruce squeak and rushed toward Tony, his tea ignored in the hope of questioning Tony about what Steven told him of the reincarnation theory; Tony couldn't help his grin from widening, his science bro was thinking just like him, if the theory was confirmed about the reincarnation, does that mean they will be able to access their past lives' memories or will they be able to relive them? So many questions needed to be answered.
So after two tiring and draining weeks, Steve finally told Fury that he wants Stane in the interrogation room, he felt he will be able to question Stane without bashing his head into the first hard surface he saw. Steve and Fury were in the room, with Steve sitting on one of the chairs and Fury standing behind him, looking at Steve every once in a while. "Ask what you want Fury…" Steve said with a tired voice making the young Alpha pause a little.
he was already planning to tell whoever was listening about his day, already excited at the idea of even when the weather was a little on the freezing side considering that it's the middle of Winter.
Silence dominated the jet as everyone took in Steve who was nodding off in his seat; all were wondering how the star was awake when it was afternoon when he couldn’t wake up if the sun didn't set, and everyone was concern about how Steve faced the Scarlet Witch alone. Tony, who was sitting beside Steve out of his suit; held Peter in his embrace, kissing his forehead now and then, and whispering reassurance as he rocked his baby to sleep, too shaken to care about showing his friends and family this insecure and vulnerable side of him.
"Mama wanna stowy." His baby said making Tony pause at that a little.
"You are finally awake." A bored voice stated, and Steve tried not to let out an annoying sigh, mainly because it will hurt his dry throat that seemed rawer and drier than the desert, secondly, because he really didn't want to look ungrateful to the person who spoke to him after he saved him. "I thought you would have stayed asleep for weeks if not months.
"Shield? What kind of Shield? I already delivered all of the shields I made to their owners." Anton stood up, stretching his legs as he gazed at the two boys who were glaring at him… well, James was glaring at him as for Petrus the boy was looking up with betrayed eyes.
' like what he was doing for the last hour. "What kind of Alpha does not realize he is interested in an Omega as a potential mate? What kind of fool says such hurtful words to the Omega he wanted to court? Not only did you destroy any chance you had in courting him, you practically called him a whore!" Jamti hissed, nearly pushing Anton off his horse, causing Anton to close his eyes and nod tiredly. "A whore? A whore! No wonder the queen wanted nothing to do with you! Who wanted their partner to accuse them of sleeping around and whoring themselves? To make the matter even worse, the two of you are not courting!" Jamti hissed, his words causing Anton to clench the reins in his fists.
But it really didn’t.
“You’ve gone to far this time,” Steve says, voice stern. “You’re going to have to come with us.”
Peter smiled, moving to hug Bucky, and squeezed a little when the man returned it. They went back into the living room, and Peter watched as his friends started asking Bucky questions. Well, Ned, Liz, and Gwen asked questions. Harry had met Bucky a few times at various gala’s and charities, after all, so he guessed that things with Harry wouldn’t be to different.
Yay! A chapter out a month after the last! That hasn't happened in a while... Hope you guys like it. I was trying to put more emphasis on what they were feeling emotionally, how they were thinking, but tell me what you guys think! 34 pages and 15,000ish words!
Steve huffed as he got his suit, pulling it on as Tony got his own. He already had a lecture prepared in his head. For who, Tony or Deadpool, Steve wasn’t sure. Maybe it was both. When he rejoined with Tony, he barely had a second before his husband was was lifting him up and away from the tower.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Stark,” Christine said with a hand raised in the air. “But do you honestly expect us to believe that that was a bodyguard in a suit that conveniently appeared despite the fact that you-”
So he started with Jarvis. He wrote updates, rewrote protocols and got Jarvis ready for when he’d be gone. He spent so many hours in the lab, trying to keep his mind away from Steve to keep from aggravating the disease growing in his chest and lungs. It didn’t work very well, though, since Steve seemed to be the one to come and get him when they had team things, or when he didn’t eat.
Tony screeched, gasping in pain, as Pepper appolicized. Slowly, the wire came out more and more, and Tony began to warn her about the magnet. Just as he said it, she pulled it out, surprising him. Pepper moved to put it back in, but he reflected her.
“Greetings, Sir,” Jarvis said as soon as they entered. “It’s good to have you back.”
It had been a week since they had made it to New York, and while they were making progress with the civilians, they had only been able to start in Manhattan. They were working their way out and around the Tower, which had become a hub for their activities, since the top floors were still accessible to the Avengers and only them, even if it was mostly empty. It was slow going, but they had other things to worry about, since they still hadn’t made any headway on getting inside the Mansion.
“We’re landing now,” Coulson assured. “ETA is-”
“Access denied. Emergency Lockdown in progress. Proper key required.”
“Okay,” Rhodey said, sounding a little distracted, and oh, that can’t be good. “Good, cause I’m staring at one right now and it’s about to be blown to kingdom come.”
His fathers greeted him, but he didn’t say much. He knew they were worried, he just didn’t want to talk. Instead, he put on the suit and went out early as Spiderman, coming back just before dinner so that Steve wouldn’t find him gone.
She reached for it, still trying to bounce the baby as she opened the letter. And, with Tony panicking and staring dumbly at the red faced baby from as far as he could, she had to. Once it was open, she began to read aloud.
“Stark’s down,” Barton said. “We need Bruce.”
“Don’t ever,” she started, reaching for a towel, “ever, ever,
“Sweetie, don’t stare.”
“Anime,” was the simple reply, and Steve actually didn't want to know.
Grabbing his board, the one Wade had left him, Peter made his way back down stairs, to where his group of friends were waiting. It hadn’t changed much over the years, but they were a little different. Harry had eventually warmed up to Ned, and stopped being a jerk to him. Liz, busy with prep of the end of her senior year and eventual switch to collage, had stopping coming out with them so much. Gwen, on the other hand, had met a girl named Mary Jane who went to a another school in the district. She was pretty cool, part of her school’s theater program, and almost instantly hit it off with Harry.
Tony didn’t know how long he’d been working. Probably not that long. Peter had only been in and out to help him a couple times. And Dummy had only made… two? Maybe three smoothies. There was no way it had been all that long when he finished the arm for Barnes.
Was that Bruce? He sounded… far away. Or really close? Tony wasn't entirely sure. Still, he tried to lift his head, a sharp tug in his stomach making him gasp. He tried to take deep breaths, only to cough, a wet metallic taste in his mouth. Was he bleeding?
« So round 2? »
«52nd floor, Cap »
« What? That’s education! »
Cursing himself, he runs toward the stairs.
I just wanna say thank you for reading me. Already 400 hits it's incredible for me. It might seem to be not that important, but it means a lot to me! Also, don't hesitate to comment and tell me what you would like to read more, give constructive opinions cause I really wanna improve and as readers, you're the best to do it. Thanks so much again and see you soon for more Stony content.
Steve's voice was so low that he nearly didn’t catch it.
« It has to. I can’t let this distract me. »
« Stay here. Live with us. We considered this with Tony and we both think it is time for you to have a life. We have rooms, you are family. Stay, please. »
His sentence dies in his throat. Quick as lightning, Steve leaps up and hits him with a masterful punch, sending him flying to the other side of the room. Tony rushes towards him, which makes Steve even angrier. With one hand, he helps the stranger to get up. Blood is spreading everywhere.
« Steve, STEVE, oh my god, what’s wrong? Steve, can you hear me? »
« You weren’t supposed to be here. And you didn’t answer. »
« Come on honey, — Steve takes his hand —, let’s go home. »
No, it can't be. What is happening, what's wrong? No one is here either. Nat, Vis, Peter... all gone. Tony doesn't feel very well. He doesn't understand. Where are they? Why are they gone? WHAT THE F- IS GOING ON? He can't breathe. He needs air. He needs to breathe again or to wake up.  It is just a dream. A nightmare. He has to wake up and everything will be fine again.
« Alright then, I’ll wait for you here »
No response.
And Tony believes him.
"Tony, — says the priest — do you take Steve to be your husband, to live together in marriage? Do you promise to love him, comfort him, honor and keep him at your side for better or worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and health, and forsaking all others, be faithful only to him, for as long as you both shall live?"
« It worked with you, right? »
« We start living. » he replies, looking Tony in his eyes. « You and me. »
"Dad, are you all right? I heard you screaming."
Tony nods and goes to the bathroom. Five minutes later, he is all set up. He comes back to Steve, who is sitting on his bed.
It made Tony laugh. « Yeah kiddo! -He puts his hand on Peter’s head- Everyone everyone will be here. »
At the opposite side of the room, Nat and Peter are playing together. It seems like Peter is giving Nat his best « Avengers poses » as he calls them. Judging by his imitation, it must be Clint’s turn. Steve looks at Nat. She laughs and smiles but her eyes don’t lie. The last time Steve saw this look, it was after their first defeat against Thanos. No words could then express the pain and sorrow she radiated. Tony takes his hand. His sad face indicates that he has come to the same conclusion.
« I know but... I love you so much, auntie Nat! »
Tony is now crying as well. Every word Steve said felt like a stab to the heart. He knows what Steve must be feeling, he knows what it’s like to be scared to fail, to be pressured on, to be afraid of your decisions because you know you might kill someone if you don’t make the right one. He knows everything about this. But here, words are useless. Believe him, he already tried. No word can express the way they feel. There’s just one thing he can do to help. Slowly, he get closer to Steve and surround him with his legs. He is just one centimeter away from Steve’s chest and he can feel his warmth. Steve’s body is so hot. With his tongue, he catches one tear falling down on Steve’s right cheek. His skin is so soft and sweet. He forgot how much he loved the taste of it. Sustaining his momentum, he goes down his neck and starts sucking his lover’s skin. Feeling electrified, Steve’s body is crossed by a jolt of pleasure. Tony’s fingers brush his chest, fondle his ribs and go around his torso. With his right hand, Steve grabs Tony’s waist and brings him closer. Tony lets a moan slip. He pulls back and looks at Steve right in the eyes. They are both breathing deeper than a few seconds ago. Steve smiles. He missed this, he missed the sensation of his husband’s body on him, he missed the proximity. He places a hand in Tony’s messy hair and kisses his lips. And Tony welcomes him, opening his mouth, asking for more. Steve’s tongue slips inside and plays with his lover’s lips. Steve loves him. He can’t wait to be one with Tony. When he starts moving his hips, Tony lets a loud moan slip. Using his strength, Steve tips over his body and pushes Tony against the bed. Pinning Tony’s arms above his head with his hands, Steve gently kisses Tony’s chest multiples times, from his neck to his hips. With his fingertips, he grazes his underwear. Tony arches his back. Judging by his expression, he is in agony.
"And Steve, do you take Tony to be your husband, to live together in marriage? Do you promise  to love him, comfort him, honor and keep him at your side for better or worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and health, and forsaking all others, be faithful only to him, for as long as you both shall live?"
« Are you ready? »
« Sure I can… Tony, this month has been a torture for me. Why didn’t you tell me about your attacks? »
« Lost in your thoughts Hawkeye? »
Steve freezes. Slowly, he turns around again and faces the man he loves.
« What about Carol? I thought…»
Tony sighs. It seems like he can’t escape now.
Peter crosses the room and jumps on Tony’s bed. Shuffling closer, he hugs Tony and says:
Steve turns his own emitter on. Instantly, Tony's voice reaches him. Still talking to the man, he doesn't seem to have noticed that the red light on his earpiece has come on, symbolizing Steve's intrusion.
« Don’t you dare go away Captain! »
« Shhhh, honey. — He kisses Steve’s temple — I’m right here. Don’t talk, just rest. »
«  Are you going to stay auntie Nat? »
Then, he comes out of hiding and walks toward the middle of the street, a hundred meters away from Thanos. Thanos smiles. Steve sees his lips moving. A violet light appears out of nowhere. Everything disappears.
« *sighs* It’s me. I am sorry for not being strong enough... »
Without discussion, Clint leaves. Tony slowly closes the door.
« Okay let’s do this. »
« I’m not sure Mr. Stark would want- »
« Don’t put this on me! You are the one who ran away, YOU are the who abandoned me, that’s on YOU! »
How could he refuse? Steve’s voice is full of sadness and despair. Once again, Tony thinks that something must have happened. Steve is usually so strong, and never complains. Of course, Tony encourages him to tell him everything because he shouldn’t have to carry the weight of the world on his shoulder. At least, not alone. On the other hand, he is aware that lately, they barely had time to look after each other. He misses the old times, where they didn’t have to save the world every day. Tony takes oﬀ his clothes, just keeping his underwear and slips gently under the covers. Steve turns over and wraps his arms around Tony’s torso, burying his face in Tony’s chest. He wraps his left arm around Steve’s chest and he brings his free hand to his lover’s cheek. He wraps his legs around his husband’s waist, to make sure he feels warm and protected. He holds him tightly. He wants to feel him in every way possible. Judging by his slow and regular breathing, Steve has fallen asleep. Tony buries his face in Steve’s hair. « I’m always going to protect you I swear,» he whispers to him lovingly. He closes his eyes and it barely takes him three seconds to fall asleep too. When he opens them again, the sun has disappeared to make room for the moon. It must be three or four in the morning. Even though he hasn’t slept like this in a while, Tony still feels tired. He takes Steve’s temperature. It seems to be normal again. With his fingertips, he draws Steve’s facial features. Suddenly, he freezes. Steve is moving and Tony is way too aware of his hot body moving against him. His breath quickens. He tries to pull himself out but Steve holds him back. Tony hates himself. How can he be thinking about this in such a situation? Steve’s sick, and it’s the worse time to think about- Steve opens his eyes. For a few seconds, he looks completely lost, wondering how he managed to get to bed. Then he notices Tony’s presence and stops breathing.
Watching it burning, Tony whispers:
Tony closes his eyes and rests his head on Steve's shoulder.
Like a nightmare, a deep voice comes from nowhere, like a echo, low and unavoidable: « I told you they would die for this ». So slowly, Tony stands up and faces the man who has been in his head for 6 years. Controlling himself, he tries to keep every inch of rage and sorrow inside.
« Okay, okay you win this one. But I’m not sure you’ll still be alive after she finds out. »
He thinks about Nat and Clint, Vision and Wanda, Sam and Bucky. All dead. An explosion can be heard nearby, but Tony doesn’t care. He doesn’t care anymore about life.
« I had nothing you know. And then I got this family. It was so much more than what I had ever expected. When Clint introduced me to Fury, and then when the Avengers were created, I had hope. For the first time, I thought I could more than the assassin they made me. But look at me. 5 years fighting to find a way to bring everyone back, I still have images crossing my mind. Almost everyone moved on but not me. I’ll always be chased by my ghosts. I can’t let go. I don’t have any future, there’s no future with me. I-I can’t have children Steve. - she wraps her arms tight around her body - I only told Bruce so please keep the secret. In the red room where I was trained, there’s a kind of … ceremony at the end. They sterilize us all. Quite efficient. It makes things easier. Especially killing. No stops during missions. Always going on. Like I said, no future. »
He ran outside.
Tony strokes Steve’s hair and looks through the window. It was really a beautiful day. The sun was out and the trees were dancing at the wind’s discretion. For once, Tony and Steve were both home, enjoying each other’s company. Those moments were so rare since they always had busy schedules. They had been watching movies and series on TV while eating popcorn for four hours already. Tony was lying on the sofa, with Steve’s lying across his lap and his head resting on his chest. Steve loves being in that position. He’s not sure why, but Tony is a particularly comfortable pillow. He loves hearing Tony’s heartbeat right there next to his ear. He loves the sensation of his head going up and down, matching with Tony’s breathing. He finds it extremely relaxing and could stay there all day.
« What’s wrong kiddo? » Tony asked him, « are you hurt ? »
« It’s not you Tony… — he wipes his eyes — I am just so tired. I always have to be strong, always have to set the tone, even if I don’t want to. I fight every day along with people who aren’t even 25 yet. They still have so much to discover and they stand here, facing death every second. They look up to me, and they wait for my orders, trusting me their lives. And every time I say something, I am scared stiﬀ of sending them right to their death. I am scared Tony, I’m so scared all the time. And I can’t show it because they need me, because it is my duty not to fail or to show any semblance of weakness. I just want… I don’t know, I don’t even know what I want but I don’t know how much time I will be able to go on like this.»
Nat looks at him, her eyes amused and a smile on her face.
« So... what do you do now? » Tony inquires.
« Will there be everyone? Like, everyone everyone? Uncle Bruce, uncle Thor, Auntie Carol…» he asked, eyes full of hope.
«As they say, no refund, no exchanges. I guess I’m stuck with your imperfections forever. »
« Don’t do what? »
Tony looks at Steve, half lost, half shocked. Steve notices hope in his eyes. He sighs.
There was a thud behind him, and he had just enough time to turn to Stane to dodge the first attack. Like an idiot, he held up his empty hand to attack, looking at it stupidly for a second before being nearly punched off the roof. He threw a punch, only to get held in a tight hold, weapons crushed.
He blinked.
Peter chewed his lip, but eventually went to his room to drop off his school bag. He wasn’t surprised when they starting arguing again in hushed tones, though he could hear bits and pieces with his enhanced hearing. It was something that had happened with Deadpool. Something about that morning and the freeway? He didn’t get to hear all of it, but Peter had heard enough to look it up.
“What?”
“Pepper,” he rasped, voice hoarse and scratchy. “Pepper.”
Peter Benjamin Stark. They both liked science, though, and Harry actually talked about how he felt about his mom being gone, which Peter could sympathize with. Peter wished he could have known his mother in person to…
ask me to do anything like that ever again.”
“Steve,” he rasped, his voice distant to his own ears. “Steve, I-”
“Villagers have been forced to take shelter in whatever crude dwellings they can find in the ruins of other villages, or her in the remnants of an old Soviet smelting plant.” There were sounds of gunfire from the tv, and Tony took deep breaths, clenching and unclenching the gauntlet fist. “Recent violence has been attributed to a group of foreign fighters referred to by locals as the Ten Rings.
There was only one door open inside, the faint sound of
“Tony,” she interrupted. “What did you do?”
For a moment, Friday didn’t respond. Then, voice very stern, she spoke. “It is a matter of grave importance. I believe it would be best to see him now. I will send him to the lab.”
“What about you, Mr. Stark?” Yensin asked. “Do you have family waiting for you?”
“Just cabin fever. We’ll just be a few minutes. Pete’s got bed time in an hour anyway.”
“This little guy,” Tony said as he ruffled Peter’s hair. “This little guy is not, in fact, Pepper’s distant nephew she’s raising. No, he’s her nephew, just not by blood. Everyone, this is Peter Parker Stark. My son. And before you start shouting for answers, please keep in mind that Peter isn’t used to loud groups and so many people watching him like I am.
“Sticky!” Peter giggled, showing Tony his hands.
“Um… surprise?”
After a long rest, Tony went to work to get ready from week two. He had the strangest feeling that he was going to die sooner then six weeks. It felt like three, with how fast he seemed to be progressing. He had to change the overrides on the lab doors, blacked out the windows entirely and locked everyone out without permission.
“Shoot!” Peter gasped, trying to push open the case. “Wade! Dang it!”
But even as he was remembering everything in great fondness, his eyes remained on Steve, fighting like he was meant to. Because he did have a few regrets. He wished he had kissed Steve, at least one last time, and had given him back the shield. He should have done it, ages ago. He wished he had used that burner phone months ago, to tell Steve that he had been right. If he had, then maybe they could have stopped Thanos together. Maybe they would have won the first time around. If not, well… at least they would have been together, as a family.
He finds Tony sitting at the main console in the cockpit, and smiled when he moved to lean on the edge of the keyboard. They were heading to their China tower to meet a doctor friend of Tony and Bruce who could help Clint. Tony was messaging her now to make sure everything was there when they arrived.
, Tony wanted to say as everything started to fade away.
In shape and size, it would be (theoretically) the exact same as the original flesh arm that had been taken from Barnes. And the strong but flexible metal on the outside would flex similar to the skin that would have been on the surface. The star was still on the shoulder, since Tony didn’t know if the man had wanted it gone or not, but there was a watch that was made specifically for the metal arm with a button that activated a sort of cloaking mode. It would made the metal look like regular skin, giving Bucky a chance at blending in with the surrounding population. Plus a few other things Tony kinda didn’t remember putting in.
“Wasn't a dream,” Bucky rasped. “Wasn't a dream.”
Steve only gave a sigh, and turned to join the others on the Quinjet. Once Tony was sure that they weren't going to try to fly off without him, he went and got dressed, grabbing a new nano-suit from the lab. When he returned, no one said anything to him, and he sat down, rather aggressively, in a seat away from the others.
He didn't have an answer to that, so Jarvis apparently took it on himself to answer for him.
“Dude, what happened? Why are you hiding your face?”
He did tell Weasel what happened, but he threatened him with violence if he told Peter anything. Bob, on the other hand, would crack under the slightest bit of pressure, even from the cinnamon roll that wouldn’t hurt a fly that was Peter. Tony of course knew, but he wouldn’t say anything either.
Once Peter was finished thanking everyone, and after a few more rounds of games, his friends made there way home while he helped clean up. When his pops asked if he had a good birthday, Peter just grinned.
“You sure you don’t have any tech in that area I should know about?”
“You know,” Tony said, Peter at his side. “It’s actually not that bad. Even I don’t think I’m Iron Man.”
Peter loved his Dad. He loved his Aunts, his Uncles. And he loved Bilgy. But as he turned 13, there was one person he wanted to love, but didn't know much about.
“Got the cure for cancer.” He shrugged. “Sorta. The doc at the lab said that the serum they put in me kinda just… made my cells regenerate super fast. Including my cancer ones. Not entirely sure. Kinda why I came here.”
It made him think about everything that could have been different. If his dad had been around in his starting years, or if his pops had never kept that secret. If Peter had told them he was Spiderman sooner, or Wade never gone into the weapon-x program. Would his fathers still be married? Would he and Wade even be together?
XxXXxX
Wade landed towards the top of the wreckage. For a moment, he was panicking, clawing his way to a vantage point to look for Peter. He had survived, right? He wasn’t dead? Surely Steve would have caught him!
Clint hummed in agreement. “Yeah, I think we lost the element of surprise.”
“Is it true that your father, the world's largest playboy, has coerced American Hero Captain America into marriage?”
“What now?” the racoon asked from where he was perched on Thor’s shoulder. “We can’t fly to your mansion, so how we gonna get there?”
He never thought it was a problem. The Hanahaki disease was rare, even more then it had been in Steve’s time, with barely one in a billion a year even getting to the point the flowers manifest. After all, so many people were desensitize to the feeling of true love. But he didn’t truly love Steve, right? Turns out he did.
“So this is about Peter.”
“Make sure you wait till I clear the roof. I’ll buy you some time.”
“That’s great Sam,” Steve said with a grin. “Welcome to the Avengers.”
Steve was doing his best to keep calm, and was doing a terrible job of it.
Eventually, she held up a thin black spiral notebook. She stood up, still
used to take him out to lunch on his birthday. That wasn't a date date. That was a friend date.
Thor frowned. “You did not ask.”
“What’s the world come to when a guy’s gotta crash his own party?” Tony asked making sure that he kept a hand at the top of Peter’s head at all times.
“Get out of there right now!”
“Oh,” Tony said, a grin slowly creeping onto his face. “I am. But I’m looking for a specific one. My favorite, you know.”
being a pawn you play with in your story."
he forgot. “No, no, I definitely didn't forget the important thing that you think I forgot. I was about to just go and do the thing right after this thing and…” He could feel himself floundering, and he could see that his rambling wasn't helping. “Okay. I forgot.”
Wade just smiled, burying his face in the fluff of the shorter man's hair. "I'm just… God, I'm just so glad you're back."
Rhodey laughs, but Tony ignores them all to walk around and say goodbye to the guest that had come to party with them. He waited until they were mostly gone before finally heading to look for Steve. This was it. This was going to the moment. The moment he finally popped the question.
He let out a groan of annoyance, even as a smile tugged at his own lips. “I’m never going to live that down, am I? It was an accident.”
Wade hummed as he looked down at the map in his hands, along with his phone. He was trying to come up with a plan. After all, he had some hunting to do. A wolf to murder and what not.
The others were quick to follow, reaching and grabbing, throwing punch after punch. They fought desperately, the stakes high and the chances of success low. Each and every one of them knew what was at stake, and they knew that they couldn't risk losing. They had to win. Every chance they could, they would make a grab for the stones.
“Tony,” his best friend said once Tony answered. “This had better be important. And not ‘my son is gone and I'm having separation anxiety’ important.”
“Great.”
“Icing problem?” Stane got out, before the lights of the faceplate went out.
“I could go,” Bucky said, very interested.
“On it Boss,” Friday cheered.
“Hey, thanks,” Tony panted, grinning to himself.
"No. The state."
He car, of course ran him over, and Stane attacked him with a motorcycle. Then literally stomped on his chest and threw him into bus. For extra measure, Stane even blew it up with a missile. He managed to right himself, after the blast, power getting lower, and hovered. Stane lifted up, his own suit able to fly. Tony didn’t appreciate Jarvis snark, and rose to maximum altitude.
As he sat in the Quinjet, watching Banner bustle around with supplies, Wade couldn't help but feel a curl of worry in his gut. He didn’t understand why, though. The author had told him what was going to happen, and he knew that no one else was meant to get hurt. As terrible as the odds may seem, they were going to win.
It was then that the boy turned and ran off. Steve, still with questions, took off to chase after him. He needed to ask when he was, if he could find Tony and Peter. He followed the boy, trying his best to catch up to the kid. When the kid jumped a fence, Steve jumped after him, running through a cemetery. He saw the boy slide to a stop beside an old man in a wheelchair, an oxygen tank on the back. Steve slowed, stopping to stare as the boy grabbed the back of the chair.
“Please, try not to move, sir.”
Tony took a deep breath, then knelt on the floor beside him. “Peter, I know I haven’t been around much, but that’s going to change right now. Today, it’s gonna be you and me. Why don’t you go up to your room and find your three most favorite toys, and bring them down here to show me, okay?”
Peter brought his Cap Plush, though it stayed in the car when Tony pulled up to the concert hall. He tossed the key to the valley, instead helping Peter out. In seconds, reporters who had been swarming Obie were suddenly around him. People called out to him, and Tony was pleased with the ever present hold Peter had on the leg of his slacks.
“Why do you sound out of breath, Tony?”
“Hey!” Tony called out, Peter holding onto suit jacket tightly. “Would it be all right if everyone sat down? Why don’t you just sit down? That way you can see me, and I can… Little less formal then. Pete, can you open this for me?”
Tony blinked, looked at the phone, then set it down to wait. He drank more coffee, pursed his lips, and drank some more. He wanted to know what they would say, without them actually saying it, but he knew that wasn't possible. They'd come and they'd hear what he had to say, then tell him what a bad idea it was.
The wailing increased, and Tony nearly began to cry himself. Then, the blessed and horrid clicks of heels on the floor entered his ears over the wailing. And just like that, Pepper was by his side, mouth open and gaping at him and the basket.
That is, until Barton came up to him with the single best idea ever.
“Not… exactly.” Bucky sighed. “I haven’t asked her yet, because I’m pretty sure she’d rather stay and help Foster with her annoyance that Thor disappeared on her again, but I’d kinda like her to come with me. She told me once that she used to want to travel the world, see all the touristy sites and other shit. Just don’t know if she’d want to see them with me.”
They chatted idly on the way. MJ talked about the new play she was going to be in, and Harry was talking about his dads new intern program with Gwen. Peter was in the back with Ned, Wade’s old board tucked under his arm.
Pepper was fixing up his bandages, while Peter sat in his lap, having refused to let go for the last hour or so. He was looking at the paper in Tony’s hands, though he couldn’t read it.
It was then that he looked up. “There are two things that I’m here to talk about today, and the first, before there are rumors that are just gross, is about this little guy. Peter, can you say hi to all the reporters?” His heart, or rather the arc reactor, seemed to skip a beat as he felt sick saying it. Well, if he was going to start acting like a father, he’d need to set the record straight first.
“Wow Peter,” Harry said as they were walking in. “Haven’t seen you this excited since we saw Avengers Tower. Fan of my Dad, to?”
Since Tony had kept Peter as far from the paper's as he could by having Pepper say he was her nephew, it didn't matter what Peter did. At least Tony could do one thing right...
Darcy came with news, though. Already, the city was dissolving into chaos. To many high ranking people had been dusted in public, and King T’Challa was nowhere to be seen. The citizens were in a panic, trying to find their leader, their loved ones, and anyone that could help them. Steve wanted to help, really, he did, but they weren’t equipped to deal with things like this. Steve, aside from his days doing USO shows, wasn’t well equipped with public speaking. Natasha and Bruce weren’t either, with Natasha being  a spy and Bruce being… Bruce. Thor was an okay option, if only for the fact that he was royalty and knew how to give orders, but Rhodes seemed like the best bet, since he had done damage control for Tony.
“Yeah, they just put my name on the invitation. I don’t know what to tell you.”
“Potts,” he said quickly.
An arm wrapped around his waist from behind, pulling his flush against rock hard abs that sent shivers up his spine most nights. “Hey,” Steve said, pressing gentle kisses that made his skin feel like it was on fire to the back of Tony’s neck. “Bruce said you were looking for a Super Soldier.”
So, he pulled himself up and did what he had to. He needed a plan, and he needed one now. And first… He needed a ship. A way to get off this stupid fucking planet.
now quietly sucking his thumb in her arms. Tony stared at the boy, getting up without a word. He couldn't take care of a baby. He was an alcoholic, and a workaholic, and a fuck ton of other bad things. Without a word, he turned and walked to where his tablet sat, starting to type.
“Peter,” Harry drawled as they walked. “I don’t see why my driver couldn’t just take us.”
Peter had taken it all, read it, imagined her, and had asked Tony if he could go to public school for high school. He wanted to experience things with way his mother had, as a normal kid without a parent instead of
"But the world needs Captain America."
He turned, bouncing Peter at his hip as he did. The kid seemed happy to go home, and reached out almost greedily towards the car.
“Yes Sir. Also, the carseat you asked for has been placed in the garage.”
"So what happened?" Tony asked.
With a sigh, Tony looking through the cards. “All right.”
“Tony?” she asked as soon as she answered.
“I don’t want a body count to be our only legacy,” Tony returned, holding Peter just a bit tighter.
“Lots has happened,” Peter snickered. “Like Hydra, and you kissing Steve, and-”
With that, the young man was off on his way.
“Nope,” Clint said, popping the p. “Honey, I’m home!”
"Okay," Wade said, stepping forward to drop the notebook on the messy desk. "I'm listening. What do I have to do?"
“I never had a taste for this sort of thing,” Obadiah said with a smirk, crushing Tony’s helmet like a tin can. “But I must admit, I’m deeply enjoying the suit!”
At this point, even Tony could see that Obie didn’t like him being there. He took Peter inside, making sure he had some water and the he didn’t drink. Well… Much.
be. Things that had yet to pass, and Wade could only stare. If she was telling the truth, and this was to be his future, the future of his friends and family, then everyone, even those taken in the snap, would be alive in the end.
When tomorrow finally came, Steve was ready for anything. He was ready first thing in the morning to take down any bad that came up, say no to anyone who asked him for help with training. He was ready to do whatever he needed to to make this date happen. It was happening and the world could fight him if they thought otherwise.
