"Yeah, maybe you should teach me, Cas,“ Dean mumbled as he made another attempt. This time the puck almost reached the top. Not bad.
Where the hell had Cas found this story? Cas had to be aware this little piece of fiction carried rather romantic tones, right? Or did he just like the angel part and thought nothing of it? Well, the movie night would show it. He hoped. Dean threw himself backwards into the pillows and wrapped his arms around himself, the angel pendant pinned to his chest.
Dean was so eloquent, and Castiel felt dumb-founded by his way to express himself. It was seldom, very seldom his conversation partner would draw conclusions and develop thoughts even faster and with more profundity than he did.
As Baby turned onto the gravel path, he could already hear loud voices. Reliable were his friends, he had to give them that.
Whenever Cas moved, he kept brushing Dean’s upper body and legs. Always just enough, hence Dean could remember how it felt to have Cas‘ body pressed against his, and yet so little that everything else was left to his imagination. Sometimes they stepped on their feet, other than that it was the most intimate dance Dean had ever experienced. The world around them was forgotten, as they moved in unison, holding onto each other.
Without further comment, Cas ran into an adjoining room, apparently the bedroom, and a little later tossed him the garment in question. Dean slipped into it and slowly buttoned it up, inhaling the smell. Then, he became more talkative again.
Castiel furrowed his brow and looked questioningly at Dean. The other sighed, apparently trying to suppress a laugh, and quickly approached him.
In fact, the other had written him 10 different messages describing the appearance, the haptic and the way the bottle was supposed to make Dean feel while looking at it. Angel definitely was very thorough with his scavenger hunt, and Dean liked him even more for this.
Holy shit.
He looked at Cas, who didn’t seem to understand anything at this moment. "Trust me on this, Cas,“ he murmured reassuringly, now taking Cas‘ hand in his. He stroked it a few times and interlaced their fingers.
"It’s me – Castiel,“ he said quietly. "Can I come in?“
At his moment, here in bed with Cas, he comprehended what love meant.
After they had been sitting in the tree house for some time, they climbed down again. Dean just turned his front back away from the tree trunk again to take the last steps as his thoughts distracted him. Of all places, he slipped on the penultimate step. More softly than expected he landed on the ground.
Cas remained silent for a few seconds before clearing his throat. "I thought you maybe regretted this,“ Cas whispered.
Dean took a deep breath, and again Castiel heard the rasping sound of his breath.
"Really? I’m trying to be nice here, and you’re starting a fight. Peachy, Cas.“
Then he just said it.
Finally, his brother intercepted him and engaged him in conversation, introducing him to all sorts of people to top it off. Small talk, his favorite pastime and ideal when people skills were as rusty as his. When, after two hours, he finally started looking for Dean again, he already knew that it was in vain.
And this room I was in? The bar was right in the middle, and there were, well, dancers on top of the counter. And then this woman who was already dancing with another girl winked at me and told me to come up there. And I thought, yeah, why the hell not? Okay, and then I danced.
Then Dean approached him further, raising his hand as if to touch him, but then lowering it. Tilting his head back, Castiel looked into his eyes, which seemed to pierce him. Dean’s face was only a few inches away. Castiel heard his breathing as loud as his own. He licked his lips, which had become dry, and tried in vain not to be so helpless.
They hadn’t spoken since the concert, had chosen their emotions as the main interlocutors. And it was wonderful that way, because a silence with Dean told him as much as a conversation, because the silence between them constructed a layer between the lines.
Who was he kidding? Of course it was Cas because the guy seemed to be his endorphin pistol or else. "Sure, yeah, you do that,“ he replied hoarsely.
After Cas had left, Dean googled the meaning of ivy. He learned what he’d already read years back – since the ancient times it symbolized fidelity and eternity. That couldn’t have been the message here, could it? Dean’s throat was dry.
Dean calculated the distance in his mind. Chicago was approximately a 10-hour drive away. If it was indeed a werewolf, it shouldn’t take too long to locate and kill it. They should be back by Tuesday. That was good.
"Holy shit, you’re driving me crazy,“ Dean moaned. "Could kiss you like this all day. So good,“ he mumbled.
First, he saw that everything was blank. Castiel reloaded the page several times because he had noticed that loading errors did not show details of the page. At the same time, he saw a message from RambleOnIm67, a quote from Romeo and Juliet which he had sent him less than an hour ago.
"Yeah. I s’pose.“ Dean clicked his tongue. "So. Your brother is a little shit.“
"I- I love you, Cas. So frigging much,“ he whispered into the quiet, voice husky.
Dean made an approving noise and caressed Cas. He tousled through Cas‘ hair, which had regrown a bit and really looked incredibly sexy. Meanwhile, Dean spotted more and more gray hairs. It was as it should be.
At first, he wanted to call Cas. Immediately. He grabbed his phone, his fingers hovered over the other’s contact for a few minutes. Right now. He could hear Angel’s voice right now. The voice he was already familiar with but would never listen to the same way again.
a cause?“ Dean asked to lighten the mood. Cas, seemingly understanding the reference to the movie which title he had changed slightly, nodded at that and shrugged. "Maybe a little.“ The little smile that tugged at his lips was just so sweet and appealing.
It was good here with him.
But Cas on the other hand, he was so graceful and seemed to be a natural at ice skating. He went round after round, getting faster and more daring every time. The other people applauded and cheered. Dean grinned proudly and told everyone running past, "That’s Cas!“
"Bad." He groaned into the phone.
Because his gift was big, big in the kind of way that didn't really cost anything, but took a lot of time to put together and Meg had agreed to help him move some furniture around even though when he had initially asked she started laughing and he didn't really get it until Luc drily explained over the quizzes he was grading for the teacher he was assisting this semester. Cas had just shaken his head at the other girl and went back to planning out what he needed to get in order to make Dean's birthday perfect.
"Yea, he also told me that he hasn't slept with anyone else since Jo's party." Meg told him as she gave him a meaningful look.
Meg scoffed and he could almost picture the offended look that she had on her face, how her nose would crinkle up distastefully and her lips would purse in displeasure. He hated that he had been the one to cause that look, the one that was reserved for waiters who brought her regular bottled water instead of French mineral water when she would meet him between his classes for lunch.
So, he really didn't know what about Cas had made him dumb enough to bring the other man back to his house instead of suggesting that they go to the other man's place or get a hotel or do anything that wouldn't put in him a position to get left or hurt again.
“Cool, well.” Dean floundered, not wanting to appear ungrateful because really, he wanted this fucking name off of his body like yesterday. “Uh...where do we start?”
"Oh well then that makes this even easier," John mused, pointing the gun swiftly at his son who probably just assumed that the older man was drunk or at least hung over, but that had worn off while he had been waiting for Eve's girl to arrive and he was more sober than he had been in years. Dean took a startled step back and were it anyone else, John probably would've thought that the surprised look on his son's face was funny, but it wasn't anyone else and this wasn't funny. "You'll fuck her or I'll find that faggot and kill him."
Maybe he had hoped that Dean would save him, from himself and from being invisible, but if the scars on the other man's arms were anything to go by then Dean couldn't even save himself let alone anyone else. That probably should have been his first tip off that something wasn't right about this whole situation. No one with that much damage of their own could possibly be as nice as Dean had seemed to be.
"And you do all of the maintenance yourself," Balthazar marveled, adjusting his deep V-neck shirt where it had gotten hiked up when Crowley had caught the other man before he fell. "You're just a regular Renaissance Man, James."
He slowed his thrusts, moving his hand that was around Dean's chest up to cup the other man's jaw and tilt his head so that Castiel could speak right into his ear.
"No uh...we did," Castiel said guiltily, reaching up to rub at the spot where the knot on the back of his head had finally gone down. "It's just...it's been a rough week."
"Christ, sweetheart." Dean murmured, willing his hazy mind to clear because he understood exactly what the actor was trying to say. But he was so fucking hard and so turned on and he was about a minute away from coming in his pants like a teenager and why did Cas have this effect on him?
Dean let out a heavy breath and leaned back in his chair. He looked between the two guys in front of him and tried to reconcile the image he had of his younger brother with this new, overwhelming information.
Green eyes locked onto his own and he forced a smile onto his face, one that he didn't really feel because the part of his mind that he couldn't think about was still sad that Dean hadn't been the one to do that drawing, but another part of him knew that he needed to be strong for his new friend right now. That is the part that made him smile, he had never been the strong one for someone before, never been needed because there was always someone better around to help Meg or his family deal with their problems. But he could try to be strong for Dean, even if he couldn't even be strong for himself.
Dean studied the other man as he remained engrossed in what he could only guess was Dean's own file. Dark hair, five o’clock shadow darkening a strong jaw, lips with a sharp cupid’s bow that he tapped with one finger as he read, a build that was hard to be sure of underneath his lab coat, but it looked sturdy.
"It's going to be awesome, Cas! Just imagine the looks on everyone's faces when we pull this off," Adam said triumphantly shrugging off his sweat-soaked hoodie and grabbing his stuff to take a shower.
"I hate you both," Castiel stated blandly, shutting his eyes against the buzzing rush of foot traffic that was milling around them past the barricades. He
He blinked away the tears in his eyes and shoved the pictures away angrily. Castiel knew it, had felt the eyes on him when they had left the club, but that hadn't stopped him from acting the way he did. It had just felt so natural to be affectionate to the other man, to show Dean how much he wanted him, that he thought the gorgeous bartender was smart and funny and everything Castiel had always been looking for but never found.
Part of him was relieved to have an excuse to avoid being around the other man and he knew that was the cowardly part of him, but another part rationalized his running away from Dean because it's not like he could get out of here without talking to a therapist eventually. And when he followed the older woman into her comfortable, homey looking office the first thing he saw was his messenger bag sitting on top of her desk, it made his heart leap up into his throat and his palms start sweating as he fought to force down the last dry bite of breakfast burrito that he had shoved into his mouth. Finally, Cas could get back to his homework and try to forget about all of the shit that had gotten him here to begin with.
Anna came into his room, drawing his attention up from what he was writing as the younger girl moved quickly across the room to plop down beside him on the bed, curling up against him where he was sitting with his back against the wall that his bed abutted and pressing her face into his shoulder with a muffled scream. Castiel pulled his headphones down until they were hanging off of his neck and wrapped and arm around his younger sister who was shaking against him, making weird huffing sounds into the material of his faded red shirt that advertised the old Chicago World's Fair.
"I wish I was your mom Dean, I would just grab your ear and drag you over there and make you stop feeling like you don't deserve to be happy."
He got back on his bike and rode, going back the way he came over the bridge and down the bike lanes. Castiel didn’t know where he was going, but something made him trust that he would know when to stop, just like his dad had said he would. He didn’t really believe that the advice had come from his mom, his parents had shared a very profound bond, but Castiel didn’t think it went much further than them being able to finish each others’ sentences or read the other’s moods. It certainly didn’t extend to being able to communicate after death, no matter how long they had been together.
"What if he doesn't stop?" Cas whispered, his jaw clenching. "What if one night you dad comes home and decides that he can't handle having a gay son and he does something that you can't just pretend he did on accident?! What if he decides that your life or Sam's is worth less than his reputation, Dean!?"
creepy, sour-faced Martin who had done them after all. He deserved this though, for making Dean uncomfortable just like he had Alfie and for being mean to Charlie and for being so envious of his siblings' success and for not crying at his mom's funeral. He was a terrible person who deserved to have terrible things happen to him and dying was too merciful for someone like him.
"Just stop," He groaned into his pillow, slapping the laptop next to his head shut and shoving it away. "I'm getting up, leave me alone."
Dean cursed to himself as he pushed himself up to sit on the edge of the bed, wincing when his bare feet touched the icy hardwood before he steeled himself and planted them firmly on the ground. He tugged his quilt up around his shoulders and shuffled over to his wardrobe, rummaging around for one of the pairs of thick woolen socks that Sam had gotten him for Christmas before moving towards the light switch next to his bedroom door.
Dean walked quickly over to the back door and looked out through the screen; Castiel and Meg were sitting on the porch swing, backs leaned up against the armrests and talking to each other softly. Cas was smiling at something Meg was saying and when he replied the small woman reached out to give him a playful slap on the arm.
“Jo, I have a patient with me.” Garth complained, shifting back and forth on his feet and throwing an apologetic smile in Castiel’s direction. “You’re making me look bad, open the damn door.”
"Ellen, where's the pancakes?" Dean asked as he shuffled into Jo's crowded kitchen. "Bacon?"
"It wasn't you, not really." Castiel said softly. "I'm not ready to talk about it yet and this is a great present. Just being here with you."
"Do you think that maybe you could write something for me?" Rachel asked, her smile faltering only slightly when Castiel hesitated before he shrugged at her again. "That's wonderful. It can be about whatever you want. This isn't homework or anything. It's just something that you can do when you have the time or when the mood strikes. Now, did you have anything you wanted to talk about today?"
Waking up on the couch hadn't really been fun, but Dean felt bad making Sam sleep on the couch and that guilt carried over into letting the younger man take a pass on going to the airport with him. After leaving the bar the night before, Sam spent the rest of the evening gushing over how great and beautiful Jess was, how he was going to bear her children if it was the last thing he did, and how she had given him her number so they could spend some time together while he was visiting Dean. Dean offered the idea of paying for the two of them to go to breakfast together since he still didn't have any food in his apartment and far be it from him to stand in the way of love.
Dean replied emphasizing the last word and reaching for his door handle.
Castiel shut his eyes as Dean poured forth endearments and pleas and he buried his face in the other man's neck so that he wouldn't see the tears welling up unbidden in his eyes. He reached a hand between them and captured both of their sliding erections in his grip, creating a hot tight tunnel that was eased only by the saliva that Dean had left on his cock.
I guess I should've known then that something bad was about to happen, but it was my dad and he said stuff like that all of the time. He was always blustering on about the righteous fury of the lord and how he wished that he could get all of the sinners to open their eyes to their vile ways so that the world would be a better place. He said once that if he could gather up all of the evil people and lock them away somewhere then there would be no war or famine or sadness. I used to think that it was a nice sentiment, him wanting peace on earth, but I know now that's not how he meant it."
Also, yes, the chapter title is a HIMYM reference. Sue me.
Cas let out a broken, unintended sob and buried his face in his hands to muffle the noise. He didn't want Dean or Charlie hearing how miserable he was over their joke, they were probably laughing at him right now and Gabe had always told him not to give bullies the satisfaction of knowing they had gotten to him. But fucking shit, they had gotten to him. He had thought that it was Crowley and Dick or Ruby and Lilith that he had to watch out for; he thought by now he would know when someone was just using him, but well wasn't there some saying about it always being the quiet ones or something?
"Never," Dean groaned. "Never, babe. I'll never leave you."
"I don't know why you don't like me, Dean." Meg began. "Pretty much the entire time I've known you you've been nothing but a jerk to me. But for some reason, Cas thinks that there's more to you than the asshole jock that you pretend to be in front of everyone else. He told me that he thinks you do it to keep yourself from getting hurt. Dean, he thinks the world of you."
I wish you were here so that I had someone to talk to.
"Maybe you're right," he conceded. Snatching up the remote when she went to answer the door a couple of minutes later to collect their dinner and changing the channel to something that didn't make him feel like he was growing ovaries.
Tonight he reflected on how empty his life had been since he’d lost the other man, his other half.
He really hoped that wasn't the case and had gently refused to speculate about the seriousness of his relationship with the other girl because Castiel was still completely terrified that he was going to jinx everything, do something that made Dean wake up and realize that he wasn't anything special. He was going to say it tonight and he didn't know what he would do if Dean didn't say it back. Probably nothing, because he knew that just having the other boy around was enough of a miracle, it would be too much to hope that all of this was love. He still wasn't wholly convinced that he deserved something like that.
He took a shaky breath and looked down at his hands. What was all of
He had gotten Meg to come over and help him for a bit, bringing in burgers and fries with her and he had sat by as she carefully wrote out the track listing for the first side of the tape in neat, bubbly handwriting. It was full of covers of songs that he thought Dean would like mostly classic and hard rock. On the B-side he had her write that Dean should ask him if he wanted to know about any of the artists, he figured that would be a good way to start the conversation. That side was full of different songs, ones that couldn't be misread as having another meaning. Either way, his friend was going to know how he felt.
“Has anything happened today specifically to trigger these feelings?” The man asked.
"Yes." Dean groaned gratefully, arching his aching back into the other man's firm touch.
Of course Cas didn't know any of that because he hadn't told him, but goddamnit his boyfriend should just be able to tell how much it sucked just being him and his dad in the apartment. Only now it was just him because John had gone out of town for an undetermined amount of time on a big construction job, leaving behind a note that just told him not to burn the house down. Like he was a five year old who couldn't even microwave hot pockets without starting a fire.
So instead of completely confusing the other man by buying him some impersonal gift from the mall, Dean had just decided to hang mistletoe everywhere as Cas's present. But after the angel saw Charlie and Dorothy sharing a kiss underneath the yuletide garland and Crowley had drily explained to both of the confused angels exactly why they were doing so, Cas had made a point to keep his eyes trained on the ceiling for the rest of the day so that he wouldn't get caught under it by anyone. That had just made Dean feel foolish, especially when he saw how enthusiastic Gaddy was about it when Crowley had tugged the angel into a kiss that Bobby probably would've given up his legs for all over again and the face that Cas had made before disappearing off to his bedroom to turn in early even though he didn't need to sleep anymore.
"I bet you do," Tessa muttered, earning a scathing look from the other man before she waved that he could continue the story.
He hadn't ever been convinced of Jo's intervening expertise. Hell, Becky Rosen still sent half of the class forwards of her Spike and Giles slash fiction and that was after getting Jo's special brand of 'help' for the last six years. But he felt like between himself, Garth, and Dean they could probably offset her half-assed attempts at Oprahing the new kid enough to get the guy laid at least. Judging from Castiel's less than enthusiastic response to Jo, he needed to start with baby steps.
A cell phone started blaring 'Highway to Hell' from Dean's nightstand and the larger man automatically reached for it, thinking it was his before he remembered that he had changed his AC/DC ringtone to something that didn't remind him of Cas and climbing off of the other man to reach the nicer, iPhone that was farther away from where they were laying. He handed the phone to Castiel who took one look at it and groaned, slapping a hand over his eyes and kicking his legs around in the bed childishly.
It was too much. He had never wanted to see Gabriel sad, would give anything to make sure that the man in his arms never had to cry again. Would tear the world apart if it meant he could hear the other's infectious laugh every day for the rest of his life.
Dean scrambled towards the small ensuite, moving faster that Castiel had ever seen anybody move and he only just managed to catch the other man's hand before he started to shut the door. Green eyes softened as they met his and Dean's smirk made his heart flutter in his chest.
"No, it's a good idea." Castiel replied, kissing the back of the other man's neck until he turned around in his arms and faced him, concern marring Dean's perfect features. "A very good idea, one of the best ideas I've ever had in fact. You're not getting scared out of this by a shower, Dean. We just won't use the shower, there's a tub. We'll pretend the shower doesn't exist."
"Imma call you Clarence," Meg declared firmly as the two men slid into the front seat of her car, giving each other happy little smiles that they probably thought she wouldn't see.
Castiel finds the sensation of dreaming to be both wonderful and infuriating. In dreams he can have all of the things he wants but can’t ask for, knows in his waking hours that it’s too selfish and that he’s unworthy.
"You, sit. Eat." Castiel ordered, arching his eyebrow at Dean almost as if he was daring him to question his authority.
He tilted his head at that, confused.
"Yea, we can help Dean pick out something to wear," Becky squeaked excitedly, slapping Castiel lightly on the arm before she and Charlie rushed away down the hall towards the nurse's station.
He wrenched Dean shirt off with a possessive growl, pressing their chests together as the other boy's hands roamed over his back and down to his hips to pull him closer. Castiel's hands were surer this time when he reached for Dean's belt, quickly opening it along with the larger boy's zipper so that he could push the suddenly burdensome grey slacks down the other boy's legs to be kicked off along with Dean's shoes.
The other girl just shrugged slightly, looking at Crowley and Castiel on the bench with a shy smile on her face and tugging on the hem of her sweatshirt. Crowley preened under the attention of the three people, well two since Dean was just looking at Castiel with a small frown on his face as he led the two girls into the cafeteria and to a table in the far corner of the room.
Dean fumbled for the condom, ripping it open and rolling it down his length, hissing at his own touch because he was so hard and sensitive from how long it had taken to stretch Castiel wide enough that he thought the other boy could accommodate him without it hurting too badly. He slicked his cock up with more lube, lining himself up against the other boy's loosened entrance before pausing and rubbing one of his hands up Castiel's back, brushing his thumb over the side of his boyfriend's jaw until those gorgeous aqueous eyes looked back at him.
"Ughhh, nice to know I have your permission, Cas." Dean managed to get out before he found himself struggling for breath as Castiel thrust hard and deep into him.
God, it was the cheesiest joke. But of course they all laughed because it was a joke told by Gabby fuckin’ Reale. One made sure to laugh at all of mother’s jokes.
“Yea,” Dean said, reaching for his jeans that he had tossed over the arm of the room’s only other seat, an uncomfortable generic office chair. “I work for the fire department, chief said I had to get my physical done or be stuck on dispatch. So here I am.”
"It's...," the other man said hesitantly, removing his hands from Dean before he gently pried his abused tie out of the archer's grip. "I can't really explain it, it's…"
"The tape?" he managed to whisper.
"Are you sure?" he asked because surely Cas sent him a card, even if it just had a phone number on it, it would still be more than the note that had been left for him that morning.
Also go eat pizza at Roberta's if you're ever in NYC (Brooklyn/Bushwick), I do totally have a suh-weet wizard shirt from there.
Usually in his dreams it was his dad or one of his siblings talking him down from the edge. Chuck fretting and worrying over his son, running his hands through his hair in that way that Castiel knew he had picked up from his dad, Gabriel using snarky comments (“What about your bike, Cassie? I wanted that bike.”) and calling him a moron in that way that everyone close to his older brother knew meant he cared, Michael being stern in a way their father never could as he told him to get down or he would make sure the reference letters that Castiel wanted for grad school never made it to the admissions offices, Anna asking him softly and gently to think about what he was doing with those big, innocent eyes she had that got her everything she wanted.
"Words can be like X-rays if you use them properly - they’ll go through anything. You read and you’re pierced." - Aldous Huxley, Brave New World
"How are they characterized?“ Cas sounded honestly interested though he had to know what double stars were, and Dean watched him affectionately.
"Oy, stranger! What’s your business here?“ Dean repeated these sentences five times to crescendo until Castiel hissed, not without lauging quietly.
"There are two female colleagues of mine who are so dotty about "Sun-Kissed“ you wouldn’t believe. One has been raving about it to me at regular intervals for two years now.“
A smile flitted across Dean’s face. Maybe by renovating the house at the same time, he could fix himself. In a way.
The bunker’s door opened, and Cas came down the stairs a few seconds later. He looked exhausted, but he immediately smiled at them.
Cas smiled and cradled Dean’s face. "Yes, Dean. We weren’t part of the big plan, and yet we were supposed to be.“
“Yes, he’s fine,“ came his father’s impassive voice whereupon Dean let out a long breath. Sammy was good, that was all that mattered right now. Dean heard an exasperated snort, and Dean knew for a fact that this didn’t suit his father. That he was enjoying himself for a change, just like John always did.
"I figure you like it?" he asked cheekily. Cas nodded and widened his eyes as soon as Dean wrapped the scarf around Cas‘ neck. Dean tugged at the fabric for a while, never losing eye contact. Although Cas was in a good mood, Dean wanted to even make it better. So, he fetched the Christmas hat, put it on sighingly - and finally grinned at Cas.
Without warning, he threw his arms around Dean, nuzzled Dean’s neck with his nose. Dean returned the hug and let his hand linger on Cas‘ back for a while longer than he normally did.
"Reading, I’d like to read.“
"Yeah, she’s my most valuable possession, that’s right. The biggest treasure in my life are you though.“
Good. Fortunately, Dean had reacted so calmly, which Castiel interpreted extremely positively. Certainly it was ridiculous that he had gone so crazy over this simple rejection, but he didn’t want to risk losing sight of Dean as a friend. Especially now that their relationship was becoming more intimate.
"I recognized your number. You’ve called twenty times today.“
Go figure, that was something he could work with. The profile picture not so much. The guy had a fantastic side profile, defined cheekbones he’d love to lick on occasion. He thought the dark hair looked promising, but Dean couldn’t see the rest of this face. Instead, he saw the sky – and laughed. Well, it WAS fitting for the angel thing.
That elicited a small smile that actually made her look as young as she was. "I will allow it, oh my prince who redeems me.“ Shaking his head, he knelt down and reached under her armpits, lifting her briefly to test how heavy she was.
Love was staring into each other’s eyes and finding the answers to never asked questions there.
To end the day, they all went to a pub together in the evening. Somehow Dean and Anna had quietly agreed not to do anything with each other. Inwardly, he knew that his mind was not on the matter anyway.
"What’s-“ Dean asked, but Castiel already pressed his lips to Dean’s. At first Dean snorted in surprise before the sound turned into a sigh. Castiel shoved him against the wall of an empty bus stop and explored his lips thoroughly while letting his hands wander over Dean’s arms and upper body. They kissed until Dean hummed against his mouth.
Songs mentioned:
Dean felt like the world showed him the same peacefulness, idyll and quiet he felt within himself. There weren’t many cars on the road, therefore Dean hit the gas, and soon Baby was sliding over the asphalt as fast as Dean felt comfortable with.
"Glad to hear that.“ He smirked, and Dean thought that he’d never met a guy who seemed to be so confident and at peace with himself.
"That’s what I said. Let’s stop over there by that clump of trees, I want to show you something.“ They got off and tied the horses loosely to a tree. Cas walked four feet forward and Dean followed him. He stopped in front of a big oak tree.
For you, I was "The Righteous Man“ when we first met
Dean laughed wholeheartedly. "You’re clearly exaggerating, buddy, but thank you anyway.“ He stroked Cas‘ left thigh for a second, removing his hand directly after. He was getting more comfortable with the whole body contact stuff day by day. Normally, he wasn’t so touchy-feely, but with Cas he craved for it.
Cas smiled a little, and Dean wanted to grab the guy by the trench coat’s collar and press a kiss to his lips. Instead, he whispered, "You are, Cas.“
Thank you for reading! Please let me know what you think. :)
Moreover, it may have shown me that deep inside me there is a desire to adventure with the right person. I still harbor a longing for a road trip, for togetherness. That’s why I liked what you wrote in the context of "Little Miss Sunshine“.
"I love you, too, Dean,“ he whispered back with as much sincerity he could muster. "All of you.“
Weird thing was, at that moment he didn’t know who he was actually talking to. And yes, somehow they would make things work.
"What did you mean?“ Cas asked. "How exactly did you teach them a lesson?"
“Oh I’m damn well aware,“ Dean returned without hesitation. “Have been for months. I mean-“ He paused and suddenly, he felt so angry. “Screw this. I mean, maybe that’s too much to ask. Wanting to have a life of my own. It’s not that I already dropped out of college because you-“
He liked the way his brain worked, he had often benefited from it.
He thought about all the shit from the past, thought about how much he had suffered. Among his guilt, the hostility and the violence of his dad, his responsibilities, Cas was a "real-life wire“. He was the wire that flowed into his deepest closed-off core, made its way through the rock-hard and otherwise impenetrable wall, and there exposed the courage and peace he’d always carried inside.
"Screw it,“ he thought and scratched the back of his head. Then he put his hand over Cas’ and squeezed it. "I’m so fucking thrilled you’re here,“ he murmured and leaned his head side wards until it fell down on Cas’ shoulder. Cas didn’t say anything, drew in air instead.
"Dean.“ Cas stood directly in front of him in a heartbeat. He kneed, carefully enclosing Dean’s rough hands with his. "Stop it at this instant!“
He groaned, threw himself onto Cas with more urgency, and whispered hoarsely to his lips, "Shit, say that again."
Then Cas moaned uncontrollably, and he whimpered, panted and made the softest, yet dirtiest sounds Dean had ever heard him make. And he felt Cas‘ arousal as well, and that definitely brought him to other spheres. Like the last cog needed to make the gear fully function. At his moment Dean was a 100 percent sure he could never get that aroused by another person in his life again.
On the 12th of December Dean woke up in a terrific mood once more. Since they still had the bunker to themselves for now, he kissed Cas everywhere. In the corridors. In the shower room. In Cas‘ room. In the kitchen. In the dungeon. In the library. In the garage. When they arrived in the War Room again, Dean pinned him to the map table like he’d always imagined and sucked his lips so eagerly like this was his very first kiss. He touched Cas, always fondling his body.
Thank you for reading. Please let me know what you think. :)
Dean thought about Cas, and how they had bought the tree and drunk mulled wine. He thought about the ice skating, dancing and mistletoe. He was in a bad mood. He kept seeing Cas‘ smile in front of him. His honest, open smile that he only gave to the most important people in his life. The special smile he only showed in Dean’s presence. He wanted to talk to him again. He wanted to kiss him again. He just wanted to fall asleep with him.
He was 33 years old and felt like a student lining up for the piecework. Castiel sat in the waiting area in the faculty, just outside the dean’s office. The dean’s secretary had already put him off twice with a little smile, explained that the conference call was taking longer than expected.
Dean sat down, stared at the screen, giggled, cried and stared some more.
So we kissed, and in the heat of the moment I became too exuberant, was too overwhelmed by my feelings. The other didn’t push me away, no, he returned the kiss very passionately. In retrospect, I knew that he had let himself drift. Until now, I don’t know if there was perhaps more on his part, in any case the following seconds destroyed everything.
Again he moved closer to him, could feel his whole body. "Dammit, Cas, stop!“ Castiel’s heart was hammering so hard in his chest he could hear it in his ears. "I can’t!“
Cautiously, Castiel looked up again, immediately confronted with Dean’s gorgeous emerald eyes. Dean watched him intensely, inspected his face like there was something interesting to find there. Undoubtedly, Castiel felt Dean’s gaze on his lips, and he didn’t know what to make of it.
Dean unlocked the bunker and carried her inside, where Hanna immediately exclaimed, "Wicked.“ To distract her from her pain, Dean told her about the different rooms.
I’ve been a moron. Since the diagnosis, I’ve slipped deeper and deeper into depression, not wanting to face what the truth is. I was running on empty. But anyway, that doesn’t matter now. Because you suffered too, and dad and I made things worse. I get that. I confronted dad, and he gave me all kinds of weird excuses.“
We are able to open up, to reveal the aspects of our being that we usually don’t reveal or even bury deep inside. I am grateful, incredibly grateful for this gift.
His best friend yelled, so hurt and broken, and Dean’s chest ached like he was pressed underwater, unable to breathe. He had to watch this scenario for hours, and he felt so terrified and helpless. Cas screamed Dean’s name, and there was so much desperation in his voice and another emotion he couldn’t quite identify.
We were alone there, and, I dunno. It was just nice. After that, he took me to the pier, and I was in a good mood. So I threw him into the ocean and dived into the water directly after. What can I say? I can be a dork as well... :-)
He yelled a "Morning Sammy“, and then he went to Cas. Automatically he wrapped his arms around Cas‘ torso from behind, buried his head in the crook of his neck and kissed him there. "Morning sunshine,“ he hummed. Cas sighed, and he sounded damn satisfied. Dean sat down and whistled, making himself breakfast.
They were facing each other, and Cas looked at him longingly. Expectantly. Dean’s heart beat faster with nervousness. He felt like a teenager, had never been so excited in the presence of another person. Grinning crookedly, he kissed Cas on the cheek. Cas‘ face was right in front of his, and he bit his lip.
"A scientist. Or an astronaut,“ it shot out of Tim without hesitation.
“In the last few years, I’ve realized what’s crucial to me. But I am the way I am.”
He cradled Cas’s face once more, pecked him on the lips which sent shivers through his entire body. Dear Lord, he would never get used to this. And it was good, so fantastic, how happy he could actually feel. Dean pulled away from Cas and brought himself back to an upright posture. He raked his fingers through his hair and hummed.
"To scavenger hunts,“ Dean said.
Sam had explained to him that eye contact was important which had encouraged him in his intentions. If there was one thing they did for considerable long periods, it was gazing into each other’s eyes. Castiel took a deep breath, trying to suppress his excitement.
“Keep it,“ Cas said sincerely. “Until next time.“ Then he smiled openly, and Dean felt so warm inside.
Finally, his mail program sent him a notification from Geekatism.
"I hope the short-haired one knows a good dentist. She’s going to have jaw pain tomorrow.“
Finally, he retrieved into his own silent asylum which was described in the song.
"Okaaay,“ Charlie answered after a few seconds. "But you will check out the dude, right?“ What the hell. Why did she use this whimpering tone on him? That was not okay. He needed to distract his mind as he was already imagining his next car fix right now, a thing he always did when he was getting flustered.
Dean swallowed audibly. "Okay, that’s great, I guess. Then you can act on that. To, um, actually get to the kissing part. You want that, don’t ya?“
“We’re sitting here, and I can only absorb your smile. I got completely lost in it a long time ago.“ He shrugged, looking a little lost for the first time that evening. If he hadn’t known better, Dean would’ve classified his behavior as shyness.
Finally, all the images dissolved for good, and Dean was sure he was in the present. It was astonishing how much happiness was now spreading within him.
At first, they kissed slowly and with so much sensuality that his head buzzed. But Dean felt so much, so damn much, that he moaned indignantly into Cas’s mouth and kissed him with all his passion. He shifted his head so he could capture his mouth better, could feel everything and taste him.
Of course, in the dream Dean had looked for him and had found the location, but then he had been put under a spell. He couldn’t move, couldn’t speak and his mind screamed "Cas“ over and over. Cas sat in a chair, cuffs and ropes around his arms, middle and legs. The demon went in circles around him, cackling, and every few seconds he used an angel blade to cut in Cas‘ skin.
Castiel shook his head. "I don’t want to make a big deal out of this. So far, she hasn’t done anything to press charges with.“
Dean had reassured him that they’d figure everything out, they didn’t have to make the decision today. He’d soothed Cas until the angel hadn’t shaken anymore. It was a huge step for Cas to fully give up his grace, and he should do it when he was ready for it.
When they parted again, Cas pressed the duck into his hand. Dean put it in his jacket pocket, not without patting it briefly first, which earned him another laugh from Cas. His laughter rumbled so much in Cas’s chest that Dean felt like he was still pressed against Cas’s body.
Castiel closed his eyes, letting his body drift. With the next song, some remix of an earlier work by Depeche Mode, their bodies were pressed even closer to each other, their movements feeling so naturally.
Inevitably, he grinned. The grin faded from his face within the next few seconds.
Everything.
Dean woke up in a cold sweat, gasping for air like a drowning man. Then he clutched his body. His head ached, ached so much.
It was December 23, and Dean was pumped. Today he would surprise Cas, he had everything planned. Dean read the text message from last night for the innumerable time. He would be back. In a few hours, Cas would be back. Dean had prepared something for Cas‘ surprise in the very early morning and was now sitting on the riverbank.
Cas’s lips were even softer than he’d imagined, and they were so pillowy and warm. Cas was so responsive, made sweet and primal sounds, deep and guttural, in the back of this throat, and he nibbled at Dean’s lips, sucked them, then kissed the corners of his mouth. Dean could taste Cas smiling into the kiss, and that must’ve been the best thing he’d ever felt.
Castiel clicked his tongue in annoyance.
He grabbed his phone and started typing a quick message to Angel. "
“This qualifies you to be my painting accomplice.“ He offered her his arm, and she tucked her arm into his with a smile.
"Terrific,“ Dean replied, trying to collect himself. "Maybe this innovative business idea will be my backup plan if hunting doesn’t work out anymore. You never know. Aliens hijack our systems, making it impossible to use electronics. Due to their addiction to the media, most people go insane, the remaining ones retreat into nature to save the world with work on rocks.“ Oh, he had missed being silly with Cas.
“By Night“ by Puzzle Muteson (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUG7iUnbtdA&list=FLIK2hHJb9mJBrY-VAiXjJaA&index=3)
Her lips curled. "You’re cool. Anyone else wouldn’t have even let me finish and shipped me off to the doctor right away.“ She gasped and hugged herself.
After a few minutes Dean felt self-conscious and parted from Cas. He stood up, unnecessarily dusted himself off and looked at Cas expectantly.
And Castiel felt warm, and he wanted to hear more, he only wanted to listen to Dean’s voice, nothing else. Wanted to tell him anything. Instead, he simply spoke his fears out loud.
Himself.
Son of a bitch.
sounded from the loudspeakers. How was this his life?
Dean fiddled with his jacket and didn’t know what to do with his hands. They felt sweaty, yet frozen at the same time. This resembled Dean’s inner turmoil because he felt so warm and also cold due to his fear of doing something wrong. He sniffed the night air, enjoying the clearness and purity it possessed.
"I suppose,“ Cas replied. "That must have taken many hours of work.“ Dean took the bear into his hand and carefully dropped it from one hand to the other.
Cas nodded. "I enjoy you.“ Dean’s heart stumbled, and he smiled at Cas as charmingly as he could.
"Mr. Winchester,“ a woman said, and sighed. He knew that voice. It belonged to that head nurse. Friendly, in her late forties, always met him with a smile when he was on site. Nelly or something like that.
And Dean looked at him, just looked at him for what felt like an eternity, as they continued to dance.
“Now what?“ asked Dean, spellbound. Cas took his time answering, so Dean had a hard time assessing how he had intended to finish the sentence. At the same time, his thoughts were whirring, causing his concentration to wane.
"Before I met you, I was convinced I actually knew everything there is to know. But like my knowledge about humanity…“ He paused for a moment. "I was proven wrong. What you just told me, explains it much better to me.“
First, he complimented Dean like no one had ever done before, and in the next sentence he practically told him not to flirt anymore. He really felt lost, and tried answering him, his fingers lingering over the display.
After reading Angel’s message, Dean had to think about his solution for a while. He wasn’t sure which approach would be best here. In the end, he thought a perfect choice didn’t exist, it was more about the things he thought while proceeding with this task. In the end, he decided for the Crawford Auto Aviation Museum. For the good memories he associated with it.
Still. He worried about his rambler who was working even harder again, as if he had to make up for the week he had been away. Of course, he wasn’t in a position to give RambleOnIm67 sage advice when he had his own head deep in work.
The most extraordinary and exciting and fulfilling and meaningful home. The place where he truly belonged. Dean had given him the best home. He had given Castiel himself.
"Mmm. Not satisfying. Tell me about your crush then.“
All song quotes were from Stairway to Heaven.
I’m @dean-and-cas-at-the-sea on Tumblr. :)
"What?“
Here comes chapter 4! :)
In the evening Cas told him he had business to attend to, but promised he would be back in the morning. Dean really wanted to know what all those missions were about. By now, he had the strong suspicion these trips weren’t all Lucifer related, but rather had to do something with him. He had asked Cas about these missions, trying to get some facts out of him. Cas had remained silent though.
Although Cas‘ eyes looked tired, they sprinkled with amusement. "You need a shower.“ And then Cas laughed easily, grabbing his face and kissing him urgently. He kissed him and kissed him, not caring Dean had goo and blood all over his face.
Dean’s eyes had caught fire. It was a different kind of fire, however. A completely different fire. It didn’t destroy, it sparked hope and created goodness.
It had been really sweet. In fact, Castiel had enjoyed it so much he had printed it out, so he could look at it during the day. By now, he had read the text so often he knew it from memory.
Dean told him about the last jobs, told him about a guy who had directly bought 5 classic cars at some auction, which were very rare and therefore in demand, but also had to be partly overhauled in such a way that the guy had a panic attack at the cost estimate. Only when Bobby had given him a strong coffee with a shot, the man had calmed down again. Bobby would have advised him to tackle the cars one at a time to keep the cost down, at least for now. Cas chuckled quietly as Dean told him uncensored about the man’s reactions.
As Cas‘ hands moved over Dean’s body parts, Dean didn’t know where he was located anymore. Caressing Cas felt more like being on a desert island now. Away from people. Only existing in a spot full of vitality, magic and idyll. Dean’s shirt stuck to his body, tickling him, and so he just ripped it off his chest, only leaving Cas‘ lips for a few seconds.
"Yeah, I fixed his car. Why?“ Dean pinched the bridge of his nose while feeling his body getting colder by the second.
"Got that?“ Dean’s harsh voice interrupted his observations. Castiel felt irritated and confused.
"I know, Marlin,“ she mumbled into his ear. They had given each other the Finding Nemo nicknames with not too much sincerity three years back. After a rather emotional, yet stupid fight where Charlie had accused him of losing her Star Wars DVDs (which he had not), Charlie had showed up at his doorstep to apologize to him.
"Mr. Novak,“ Mr. Uriel initiated the conversation.
" and he thought about the latest call with his dad. He thought about all the beef they had in the past, and it was all too much. Dean’s mind was too much at this moment, he could not think about all he had done wrong, all that could turn out a disaster soon if he wasn't able to make this right.
It was fine. Rambler had only wanted to protect him. From his father, apparently. Castiel suspected the latter had somehow come across Rambler’s profile. Had tracked it down, more likely invaded it, he thought with a grumble.
They then see my status and want that person, not the person I actually am. They don’t want to see the sides of me that may not fit this ideal that they make for themselves through superficial narratives.
"Yes,“ Cas replied and kissed Dean’s hand so tenderly that Dean’s heart bubbled over with serotonins. "Yes, I do.“
He thought about Angel’s explanations about his apartment which had a balcony right in front of nature, then he thought about Cas’s apartment right next to the park. He thought about their many, many conversations about music, then the thought about Cas’s stereo, his taste in music, the way his eyes sparkled when he talked about songs he liked and also about the way they had found their rhythm while dancing in the club and the bar.
"The idea is tempting, of course, but um, first things first.“ He felt flustered now, thinking all too much about Cas being naked, underneath him. He clicked his tongue, rummaged the bag.
Dean took a deep breath, still having his eyes closed, still tasting so much salt because the tears kept running and running down his cheeks until they touched his lips.
And now Castiel couldn’t control it anymore, this warmth. "Dean,“ he breathed, and Dean gurgled, used his tongue so skillfully now. "Losing my mind, Cas.“
Dean pressed send, and the next moment he screamed out loud. He was so pathetic. He felt dizzy again, bile rising inside him, and that was not a good sign.
"I did show,“ Castiel insisted, understanding now that they had misunderstood each other.
Dean shook his head and stared at his phone in disbelief. Angel couldn’t be serious. What was the point of him taking off his shoes? For the moment, it didn’t make much sense to him.
"Sure.“
Without further ado, he typed a message:
Dean stopped himself, looking at him with the most intense expression Castiel had ever seen on him. And that was saying a lot.
“ Delete. There was a slight chance that Angel was actually busy right now, figuring out whatever shit.
Dean adored Charlie, he really did, but today was one of her I-have-to-call-Dean-out-on-his-bullshit-even-on-the-stuff-he-has-not-considered-yet-trip. He sighed and waved at her with a tiny smile. "Continue.“ Then, he groaned because his back really fucking ached.
Castiel opened his eyes, sighed, and massaged his temples. "I’m making good progress on the new book, but it seems a little anemic to me in places. You know what I mean? I’m writing and writing, planning the plot, but sometimes the passion gets lost in all the organization.“
Thank you for reading! Please let me know what you think. :)
But Dean couldn’t get enough of them. Sure, the rides themselves were terrific, and he enjoyed the adrenaline rushing through his body. Most of all, though, he soaked up all of Cas’s reactions.
"Tsk. You only say that cuz you haven’t seen me cook. That will let you melt.“ Dean was flirting with him as openly as he had in his messages, and Castiel was getting very lost in this attention and teasing. "I don’t think there’s anything more melting than your smile.“
“I ain’t believing ya, but ya know I’ll always be there for you.“
Dean stopped himself, noticeably taken by his memories. Not wanting to overwhelm him, Castiel just stroked his shoulder a few times, put his hand there as if to ground him, and pulled away from him again. It seemed to help, because Dean gave a little hum, looked at Castiel, and smiled barely noticeably. He nodded.
“No need, I’ll give you a hand. Can’t risk you heroes starting another flower war. Drea, give me the things. In that case, I have to agree with your boyfriend, this isn’t for you, as many muscles as you have from dancing.“ He was already stretching out his arm, but then decided to be polite.
No one would ever find out, hopefully. Right now, he didn’t care about anything other than Cas, he just wanted to forget the nightmare. This horror which was also his life.
"I’d like that.“
"So far you’ve done a fucking shitty job in that regard, if I might say so myself,“ Castiel spat back at him. "A fucking abysmal job. I’ve been sleeping on the streets for nights on end, not knowing if I’m going to get attacked in the middle of the night. Whether I’d freeze to death, whether I’d have enough food. I was helpless and so alone. And you, you didn’t care. You said we’re family, and then you pushed me away when I had nothing left. When my whole existence was wiped out. And I think you’re fucking ungrateful. And an ass.“
I’m really grateful for everyone who’s reading this. :) Thank you for your support and your kind words – this means so much to me. :)
And yet.
And with that, he pulled Cas to him by his waist, right in front of the main building of Chocolate Church, and kissed him. Cas sighed softly before leaning into his embrace. While they hugged, Dean told Cas that he had to tell him when stuff like that happened.
Bobby turned back to him, his face now possessing a more serious but gentle expression. “Who do you mean? Karen or your mum?“
Nowadays, it was the place to remind him to not forget about his dreams although they were interrupted or rather on hold for now. Wood was patient.
"Did you have another nightmare?“ Dean shrugged, looking down at the ground in embarrassment. He still wasn’t an expert at putting his feelings on display, especially not after he’d brought more guilt on himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean had learned early on to deal with this divide within their family dynamic, accepting his role. However, situations in which he encountered or interacted with his family - especially his father - caused many unpleasant emotions within him.
"No. I’m not a good... person per se,“ he said. "I make mistakes every day. I failed the world – you – over and over. Most of the time I feel useless. I don’t possess the powers I used to. I’m not as "badass“ anymore, but it’s okay because I am more me now. And I’m still here because you want me to. You were the one who taught me everything that is of importance in this world. You taught me to think and act for myself, to live on my own accords. To enjoy. And I decided to appreciate your gesture every day until my last.“ Cas seemed bewildered now, looking to the left and right every few seconds.
"Are you okay?“ he asked, because Hanna still hadn’t opened her eyes.
"You look like the handsome and intellectual type who sits on a sofa in a vintage coffeehouse, reading, maybe even writing the next
It didn’t happen often people actually called him out on his shit and gave him contra. And he was rather proud of Cas, since the guy hadn’t even understood sarcasm until a few years ago. This pride he felt didn’t resemble the way he felt about Sammy’s achievements, but he rather thought about Cas’ development. His adaption and his strong personality.
. He shook his head. Yeah, he wasn’t exactly in the best mood anymore, so maybe a party wasn’t the smoothest idea right now.
"A bit of goddamn 'preciation. That's all I ask for," the other man grumbled, hiding his smile behind his whiskey.
. Was Dean's first thought as his head lolled towards the doorway, followed immediately by:
"Okay," Gabriel said giving him one of the winning smiles that he known for and picking up the bottles that Bobby had placed to the side of the bag. "I brought you shampoo and deodorant, a toothbrush and toothpaste. Y'know just the basics, a couple of changes of clothes and stuff. Kali told me to bring you some books so I got you crosswords and Sudoku, she loves that stuff but you know how I can be with numbers; all of my recipes are literally a pinch of this a handful of that. Rachel Ray can keep her fancy measuring cups, stuffs for amateurs."
"It's fine, Casti—Jimmy." The younger man replied, catching himself before he used anything other than Castiel's stage name in public. "You were in Boston for the holidays and none of us expected it to happen. It's better that he was at home though, in Salt Lake because his parents and family were there. Juno and I flew out for it; she wanted to meet my parents and be there with me for the visitation."
Castiel looked over to his left, to the unconscious body that was slumped over in a sitting position, face speckled with flecks of blood and larger smears that ran along the jawline and cheekbones of his vessel. He was going to have to call an ambulance, get an emergency room to put the body onto life support for him until Dean was fixed and he could crawl back into the familiar form that he had been wearing since he first came to Earth. So he was going to have to lie, which was fine because Dean had once told him that when humans really wanted something, that's what they did. And more than anything he wanted Dean alive.
The larger boy watched as Castiel skimmed the page and saw the exact moment when the other boy's eyes found his name because his mouth quirked in that cute way that Dean knew was meant just for him.
Castiel laughed and moved his hand up to pull Dean down for another kiss that only lasted a couple of seconds this time. And it was exactly and nothing at all like Dean had imagined it would be all at the same time, it was soft and gentle, but with Cas taking the lead and pushing him back up against the doorway of Meg's apartment causing Dean to give a little sound of surprise because he hadn't expected to like that as much as he did.
He got about two flights down before Dean realized that all of the other occupants of his building had apparently had the same idea as he did, passing bleary eyed grad students and grizzled dock workers on his way down to the first floor where the super resided in his own apartment.
Back then he had just tossed everything into a box because he wanted to get the reminders of what he had lost so fucking fast as far away as he could before he had started crying and begging Cas to stay with him. But now, now he wanted to hold onto everything that Cas had trusted him with; all of the secrets about his past and the possessions that he had left at the apartment because he thought they would be safe there and the tentative plans they had started to make for their future together felt like it was slipping away from him. It could all disappear for good if he pissed off John enough and that was the only thing keeping him from telling his father exactly where he could shove his sudden interest in Dean's life.
Here, being a small stage at a small bar in a small town, holding a karaoke microphone, more than slightly tipsy, and enamored with the stranger he had met about two hours before when he’d been drinking his woes away on Valentine’s Day.
From the glimpses that he caught of Sam towering over the rest of his classmates in the hallway that held the lockers for the juniors, it didn't look like the younger Winchester was faring any better. Sam was barely speaking to him at home, but when he did the words had finally stopped feeling like stinging rain against his skin when they fell from the younger boys lips so maybe that was an improvement.
John turned to go back to his room, muttering to himself about not getting the goddamn respect he deserved anymore and Dean held his breath until he heard the door shut firmly behind his father. He looked at Cas, who had an expression of abject terror on his face, before both of them burst out laughing with Dean dropping the other boy's legs only to keep him from falling as they pressed close so they could cling to each other, the adrenaline coursing through them at almost having been caught.
The older man nodded, "And it comes with powdered sugar on top and raspberry jam on the side. It's so good."
telling him about the little quirks of all of the regular cast members and swearing up and down that he had really stolen a pair of Dr. Sexy's cowboy boots out of the props department, promising that he would show Dean when he came to visit him at his house in Los Angeles. It was the 'when' that had started the make-out session on the plush leather sofa that had resulted in Castiel burning the brownies he had been baking because they were both too distracted to remember to take them out. Dean had chalked that first time up as an accident and they had laughed it off before going back to kissing on the couch until they fell asleep together wrapped up in each other in the living room.
But if he didn't calm down he was going to pass out and he knew that from experience, so he half-crawled, half-stumbled his way over to one of Dean's flannel over shirts that had been casually thrown over the back of his desk chair and pulled it down onto the floor with him. He fumbled with the fabric until he had it spread out over his lap so that he was looking at the outside and nodded to himself in an effort to convince himself that this would work, it had to work.
“And um…there’s this girl.”
"That asshole," Dean cursed, lying through his gritted teeth to make it actually sound like he was angry at Cas instead of worried that the other boy had fallen into a coma or something. He tossed his phone down onto the floor, turning to quickly lie down on the bed so that the way he was trembling wouldn't be quite so noticeable because the thought of Cas being so hurt that he couldn't even check on him was making him physically ill.
He watched as the larger boy ducked down and tugged aside the floor mat underneath his feet, revealing a pair of initials carved shakily into the metal floorboards. A 'D.W.' and another even shakier 'S.W.' close beside it. Dean held out the knife to him expectantly and it took just a second too long for Castiel to understand what he was wanting from him because his boyfriend's face fell and he saw the hurt blossoming in Dean's eyes as he started to fold the knife back up.
Dean stopped outside of a small door and debated for a moment, it wasn't the best option, but he was pretty sure that at this point in the night most of the other rooms would have amorous couples in compromising positions and he didn't want to subject Cas to something as awkward as that. He looked over his shoulder at Castiel and gnawed on his lip before pushing open the door and pulling the other boy inside.
“I thought I’d see if it was worth my while to get a microwave today,” the stranger replied with a sardonic smirk. “Guess it’s gonna be roast beef on rye again tonight.”
In response to the mental imagery that lovely realization brought to mind, Dean let out a frustrated groan and thrashed his legs around on the bed a bit until he was thoroughly tangled in his sheets and blankets. Childish as it was it made him feel a little better, emotionally at least; physically he felt like he was about to hurl so he pried his face out his pillow in order to take in a breath of air that didn't smell like sweat and tears only to see his brother propped up in the doorway of his room with a bottle of Advil in his hand and an amused smirk on his face.
He knelt fluidly next to Dean, scooping up the other man to cradle his head in his lap as he tried to assess the damage in the least painful way possible. Dean's breaths were coming in ragged, shallow gurgling gasps that formed little bubbles of blood-red spittle at the corners of his mouth when he tried to smirk cheekily at the angel. His green eyes were searching Castiel's face, settling on his mouth which he knew was frowning in disapproval and then moving to his eyes which were fighting against all the commands that he was giving them to not cry, do not cry.
? – would make Dean feel better?
“Well, angels are terrific at delegating,” Cas muttered, sounding depressed. He frowned. “I’m sorry I can’t more helpful.”
“Okay,” Cas echoed.
“You got it,” he promised, shutting the book with a small smirk and a wink. Cas lay back onto his bed and together they watched secular media while Cas drank until it was time for Dean to go.
“Uh, this is Cas,” Dean said, straightening out his posture. Cas tried to guess if he was supposed to get up too but Dean wouldn’t look at him.
Jesus,” he relented, turning around on the bed to fumble with his shirt. Cas heard Dean unzip something, and then Dean leaned back on the bed, looking a little flustered. His shirt was bunched up around his chest, and Cas could see Dean’s stomach was covered in scratches and ugly purpling bruises.
“Yeah,” Dean said. He looked up at Cas again. What did Cas want? Dean wasn’t a good person.
He felt a smile tug at his mouth and he looked out the window across at the dark street. It was overcast so even if it’d been a big moon tonight, they wouldn’t have known. But still, the world was cast in a sort of blue glow. He’d never seen anything quite like it. The air outside was so quiet, and the night was so still, empty of lights. It was beautiful, in its own way.
Dean was a creature of habits. He could talk a big talk about not wanting to mediate, but his body took action with no input from his mind.
It wasn’t pretty, but Cas managed to fit the rebar beneath one of the looser boards and pry it free. He soon found that the reason it was loose was because it had been removed and replaced countless times before – beneath the boards were several thick stacks of cash, along with some personal items. It all looked valuable, but none of it could be spared.
bastard,” he growled, getting a good hold on Cas and dragging him to the bathroom. He got Cas’s legs over the edge of the tub, setting him down, reaching to the handle to turn the shower on, cold. Cas groaned in discomfort, aware, shifting. Dean let out a sigh, almost keeling over with the relief of it.
In a moment, it dawned on Castiel what Dean was about to say, and panic flew into his throat. “Dean,” he said quickly, not wanting Dean to make an impulsive decision.
“Still, I should’ve told her,” Dean said, frank, stress welling his throat. It was great that Lisa and Ben were gone, that this place was still on the market despite real estate prices plummeting…Dean could only hope they’d gone somewhere better, Canada maybe. He didn’t think anything bad had happened to her…yet. Hell, maybe half of this desire to know where she was was a desire to run away with her, to abandon his responsibilities.
And he isn’t actually interested in knowing if it’s physically possible for angels to love anymore ... just because you
He hadn’t taken a day off, spending most of his days at Bobby’s house, pouring over literature related to a human organization they were hoping could help them. Castiel returned to his mission, this time also looking for any sign of Anna. He wanted to speak to her…discover her motivations, how she had broken free. But Castiel simply wasn’t good at finding people, apparently.
Guilt throbs in Dean’s chest – it would have been nice, to be able to tell Claire about her mom. Hell, it would have been a nice thing to tell Claire’s mother about her, about how tough she was, how brave, about how
“There’s just one thing I don’t get,” Johnny said, holding up a hand. Cas paused and turned to look at him. “Dunno what you guys believe but most people that go around trying to win converts are trying to buy a good seat in Heaven. Are you guys gonna get a bunch of virgins if you sell enough toasters?”
“I don’t know what I am,” Cas said frankly. “Fallen angels are…aberrations. To be eradicated, not studied. And nothing like this has ever happened—Anna cut out her own Grace, mine has petered out. I’m not sure what happens when an angel…becomes mortal. But, I think my wings are gone, Dean. Permanently.”
Cas sighed, neck rolling so his head rested on Dean’s chest again and he could hear Dean grin above him. “That good?” Dean asked, though Castiel knew that he knew the answer. The question was obvious to the point of being rhetorical. Cas reached out, gripping Dean’s shoulder tightly, almost shuddering.
“Well, alright, Cas,” he said, eyeing Castiel’s nametag. Castiel shifted…he didn’t like it when customers read off his name. “I’d like to put twenty-five dollars in my tank.” Cas nodded, glancing out the window to spot the ink-black car outside at pump #3. He started moving over to the till. “Hang on, I’d like to shop around first, if that’s okay?”
“Then, welcome to the family,” she says, patting him on the arm, suddenly jovial and sweet. She reminds him, from nowhere, of Charlie Bradbury, and it aches.
“I uh, tried once,” Cas admits, and his posture slackens in Dean’s doorway. Dean barely manages to gulp down his surprise.
“Plan B,” Dean said. “Your knife, Cas.” That was something Cas still had and Cas got it out as Dean tried an impromptu exorcism.
,” Cas broke away then.
All in all, the day is full to bursting, and Cas can barely think long enough to reflect on how wonderful it is, like the overwhelming taste of a juicy blackberry, ripe but still strikingly tangy among the sweetness.
“I’m sorry,” the girl says as Cas frees her, instinctively guilty.
A Heaven with the borders broken down so people can roam freely? It’s a beautiful thought, and it’s one he hopes he helped Jack come to. Life still sucks on Earth, Purgatory is still a one-stop-shop to nothingness, and there are enough people down below who don’t deserve the hooks and fire, but Dean’s confident that Heaven at least is as good as it can get.
“Yeah, I don’t have a home phone myself, because, you know—no home,” he said.
Cas looked down, unable to hold Dean’s eye. He noticed the waitress approach and quietly he said, “Just because I’m gay doesn’t mean I can’t live my life by God’s plan.”
“You actually think I’m doing this just because I want to stick it to my old man.” Dean wasn’t angry, or frustrated, just surprised.
It means that their fate was intrinsically tied so that they would come together to produce a strong vessel for Castiel. Perhaps not Claire, but someone in her bloodline. It’s ironic, then, that Claire grew up to be a lesbian, transgender, and apparently uninterested in mothering her own children. It’s possible that the angels may have manipulated her to have offspring by some other means, but regardless. Castiel is grateful that this future never came to pass.
Dean tries not to react any which way, but no reaction is still a reaction in his brother’s eyes.
“I’m pretty certain we’ve always really been fucking, Dean,” he said.
“Leave it to a psychic to cut right through the small talk, huh?” he muttered, and she was already eyeing him and Cas.
Eventually, they knocked on the door of one of the motel rooms, and after a moment a young teenager, perhaps fourteen or fifteen years old, opened the door slightly and peered through the small crack they’d created.
Cas ignores him for a while, smokes another joint and meditates. Actually fucking meditates with his legs crossed and his fingers pinched together and everything.
“Dean,” Bobby presses his fingertips into the desk; “Your chest was ribbons… your insides were slop and you been buried
Dean looks at him, then back at his hands now mangling that napkin; It’s easier to focus on that instead of Cas’s stupid face.
And can’t.
Bill snorted out a little laugh; “Sure does a good job of keepin’ would-be-thieves off the place!” He went to the tiny, ancient fridge in the corner and took out a bottle of water, lobbed it wordlessly in Dean’s direction, then did the same to Castiel and went back in to fetch out what looked like half a chicken that he proceeded to set in a cake pan on the counter for Rusty.
“And this is supposed to make me feel better?”
This is what you get for not fueling the body right, Dean. You get a fucked up sleep schedule and no muscle tone. Christ.
“Well, somebody has to! Nobody else seems to give a shit that he’s hurting!”
Behind her, Bobby was already digging in his cupboard for the scotch, then in a moment of self-awareness put it back and made coffee instead. “Maybe it wasn’t all John…” He stared at his hands while the coffee pot dripped. “Not like I was the best role model for them when they was here.”
“I can’t sleep over there.”
“Ican’tseeIcan’tsee
Sam doesn’t have options. He can’t take Dean to the hospital, it’s too open, to easily penetrated by demons or any number of other things that could come looking for them. The hotel room is a ‘no’ he can’t even risk going back to get their things at this point. They booked for the whole week, he has four days, it shouldn’t be a problem. Dean will be OK by then. He has to be. End of story.
And when Castiel returned. When he was THERE suddenly—it couldn’t be possible. It SHOULDN’T be possible. Dean hadn’t been able to speak the whole ride back to the hotel. Had barely been able to breathe around the thud of his heart in his chest, the flutter in his gut that made him feel both nauseous and elated—the NEEDLONGINGLO—
He approached it cautiously, in a samurai stance, or like he was going to mantis kick the thing off the table, then tilted his chin up—nose wrinkled—and plopped one hand against the thickest part of the ham.
“Yeah, you did—“
He didn’t come back down until Ellen yelled up the stairs that if he didn’t come down and eat something she was going to come up there and give him another NG tube, “And don’t think I won’t!”
“Jeez—I know it’s not real! I’m in a ware house! The trickster is just messing with my head! It’s his em-oh!”
Sometimes it’s his mother, sometimes it’s Sam… But they both turn into Cas for some reason.
0-0-0
Anna’s breath comes out softly, he can feel the smile on her lips. Gentle, tender, forgiving in a way she has no right to be. “That’s called Fear, Castiel… Fear as humans know it.”
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Yeah?”
Dean jotted down ‘P. Singer’ on the signup sheet and shrugged out of his flannel. “Is there, uh—anybody else here?”
It is not a place for humans.
Sam’s mouth compresses; “Seriously, we should—“
Bobby was annoyed that his hunt was disturbed, but he was sympathetic. He had rose hips—old ones because his roses were continuing to recover from his mistreatment over the years. The ‘thanks Dean’ went unspoken and Dean felt a little disrespected but said nothing.
“Okay…” Sam’s eyebrows were up near his hairline; “Moving on…”
Then there was a flash—a brief, dying kind of glitter and Dean craned his neck, blinked and felt his middle tighten up like someone had stuck a fist in there and started squeezing.
“Yeah.”
Castiel gazed at it intently for a full minute, then rubbed his thumb over the mark, brows drawn down. “How did you do it?”
The demon though, didn’t actually give a shit what condition its pursuers were in, if anything it hoped they would burn up to nothing and die. But, life was a bitch like that, sometimes Demons didn’t get what they wanted and humans didn’t spontaneously combust.
He hates that word, ‘Hospital’. What does it even mean? If you took away the image of what it’s supposed to mean, what does the word itself mean? It—it makes no sense. Hospital… it sounds like Hoss spittle… like horse drool or something.
Dean looked up at him weary, and a little confused.
And a hand dropped onto his shoulder.
Jo came in first, smelling of popcorn and faintly of beer, and Dean could hear the airplane engine noise of Sam’s oxygen concentrator long before Sam himself appeared at the door.
“I was nine.”
“When I busted out.”
“The—When he came out he burnt my eyes outta my head!”
She’s parked in the triangular shaped lot to his right and savagely pulling on the door handle. Stomping booted feet and pulling some more.  “Son of a bitch, David. I’ll never fucking forgive you for this!” Finally she gives up, lets out a sob and sinks to the ground with her back against the car door.
“What, like God Detectors?”
He nearly jumped out of his skin, senses reeling in like a rubber band snapping back against his fingers; “Jesus, Cas!” His heart hammered against his ribs and he bent over his knees to regain his breath. “Don’t DO that!”
0-0-0
It’s a weird buzz in his head, an ache in his chest and he scans the crypt, feels for a moment that he’s trapped… And notices there’s an angel above his head. Stained glass and smiling kindly, peacefully. It’s hidden and crusted with leaves and dirt. It probably hasn’t been cleaned in years no wonder he hadn’t seen it before.
Physical therapy was a nightmare, surreal. Watching the muscle mass in his legs slowly fading while his chest and arms developed. He ached, had difficulty breathing, HATED it. Then followed Ellen slowly around the store during a grocery run, trying not to tear down clip strips, or knock over things in the too small aisles.
Castiel’s head turns forward again and locks on the other bed.
“Yanno what I mean?”
Dean flinched visibly, ground his teeth and wanted to reach for his brother, but Sam was gone again.
“Look, it doesn’t mean we have to do anything… I just—I thought you ought to know.”
“No, I mean it. We should keep doing this. There’s gotta be other ghosts out there… We—we could really help people.”
And this, on some level, was Castiel’s fault.
“I can’t stop you from keepin’ your little secrets, okay… But, don’t treat me like I’m an idiot.”
“What?”
“Figures,” He clicks off the TV; “How bad a wound are we talkin’?”
Fuck… fuck… those weren’t currants.
“What kind of plan?”
Sam smiled politely and shook some sugar packets into his tea.
He pauses, freezes in his tracks and turns, meets Castiel’s gaze; “What?”
Eloise played piccolo. The band teacher told them that Eloise and Mark (the trumpet player) had been having ‘issues’ with one another for about a week. Eloise had stayed after with a few other students to put the instruments away after their rehearsal. She had left last and he had stayed back to tune the piano, had seen Mr. Johnston (The deceased teacher) leave around nine-thirty and then left himself around ten when the janitor let him out. There had not been anything suspicious when he’d left, he hadn’t heard anything.
Sam sighs in irritation and shakes his head; “It’s fine, shit happens…”
“Okay, well that’s something you want! This—this is similar… uh— think about it for a while, what—uh—what you’ve done and what ha-happened, and uh—you… you ask yourself if you want it or not.”
If it had been simple as ‘give me the girl or I’ll throw you back in the pit’ Dean would have gone. He probably deserved to be down there anyway, maybe he’d be lucky and if he came back a demon Sam would just stab him with the magic knife instead of trying to Pull him.
Dean knew instantly that something was wrong. Something had changed.
“From what I can tell,” Sam is pulling the bike out of the back of the car; “She’s only about seven months old,” He gets the bike’s wheels in the dirt and pushes it over to lean against the side of the house, then goes back for the essentials, his laptop and the food he’d taken from Dean Smith’s fridge.
“You’re behaving strangely.”
“Looking for anything in particular?” She plucked up a spray bottle and began liberally spritzing him with it, combing her fingers through his hair to wet it.
“Dean, are you alright?”
Jesse stared at him. Eyes wide and innocent and flecked with tiny black veins. His gaze was unnerving, but somehow so completely innocent Sam couldn’t force himself to look away.
Dean swallows and for a moment his head is filled with screaming again, he remembers that damned mask hanging above him in the school and wonders, briefly,
And Dean feels his stomach try to escape through his nose. He steps forward with his eyes wide, heart beating swiftly; “What are you talking about?”
We can’t hunt together anymore. It’s too much, too memorable. We’ll get recognized and that’ll be the end of it. Jail time and demons and back to the pit.
“For what?”
“Jo?”
“Then trust me,” Ellen’s throat felt thick; “Even if this ends bloody—which it probably will—we’re gonna go down fighting for our right to exist. If we don’t, we’re just lambs to the slaughter. And I for one, am not a damned sheep.”
Her thin little hand wrapped clean around the barrel of his Infield and as he watched she worked the bolt, brought it up to her shoulder, and took aim.
Strictly speaking, so far it has all been the same, endless years of agony. Alastair’s sick games. His different faces and forms and shapes. The little pokes and prods, the times he’d strung Dean up and cut out his heart, then sat there for hours sticking pins into it because he knew, even if it was separated from Dean, he could still feel it. Every molecule, every atom. EVERYTHING.
Sam’s knees give out.
Sam is still focused on Other things, just lets his breath out and looks out the window; “Yeah… hell of a case, Dean.”
Sam exhales, leans against the wall and presses his fingertips into his eyes.
“Why would she want to break them? Doesn’t hospitalization defeat the purpose of casual sex?” Cas took another bite of his quesadilla.
It was a cute shop in Jo’s opinion, she got carnival magician vibes from all the red velour and golden tassels. There were glass cases with antique magician garb displayed in them. Photos in black and white, old carnival posters in frames on the walls—a black satin curtain in the back left corner that could have possibly lead to an adult novelty section.
Castiel feels himself shaking, looks up into the blackened sky, red at the edges from the Old God’s presence—and sobs aloud.
“Sara would do it. If she knew, she’d do it! This ain’t like you, Jay. This—we wouldn’t let it hurt her, you know that!”
The Conjurarium was set in the bottom level of a squat brick building, above which looked to be storage or apartments. One of which had a blinking neon eye and advertised ‘palm readings, love, money; Madam Posey’
“You tell me
Dean could feel himself slowly collapsing inward, his skin tingled and his muscles were going uncontrollably lax. It reminded him of the weakness that consumed him after a seizure, and at the same time, the bone deep tiredness after a fever broke. The colors of the world were starting to fade away, taking the light with them and Dean shook his head, worried he may just fall over in the dirt like a fucking damsel.
“’n you fix it?”
Dean doesn’t answer because he really doesn’t know.
Ellen hisses at her low in her throat, it’s supposed to be a whisper, but Dean hears it clear as day. “Let him do it himself, Jo.”
Dean snorted; “Try me!” He glanced at his brother and with a sigh slouched a little further in the seat, “After this whole thing with my head, getting behind the wheel for the first time… It was like some of the stress and fear just vanished. It’s still like that… I’m still capable, even if I’ve gotta be careful. I can still do my job, yanno?”
Dean lifted his head; “Ash?”
Sarina shook her head; “No, you’re nice, and you can’t sing but that’s OK ‘cause I like you anyway!”
Dean nodded, but didn’t say anything.
“Hey,” Dean tried to pull it out of her grip, but Jo was strong for her size, dragged out a t-shirt that hadn’t smelled too awful and shook it at the dog.
Sam sighed, “Okay, well, maybe Castiel can do a search of the city for other demons.”
Dean blinked and cocked an eyebrow at him.
Considering the world was ending, there wasn’t much of a line-up of cases. Sam hadn’t been able to find anything that sounded like their kind of business since the Boner (BAHN-ER) haunting earlier in the week. So, Dean drove. Picked a highway that looked interesting and went.
Sputnik yapped at him and the guy looked down and growled at her.
The flash ends and the vision is burned into the backs of his eyes, every face, every single one.
The man in the doorway shuffled forward cautiously; “Castiel?”
“Son of a bitch!” He points; “I found it!”
“Why the hell would you think I need to know that!” Bobby yanks off his apron and throws it onto the counter.
“Cas?”
Jo didn’t want to get out of the car, but there wasn’t a way for Sam to get onto the porch, so she didn’t have much of a choice.
Dean’s nose wrinkles up; “What the hell’s that mean?”
“For one thing… THAT, wasn’t under my control and I sure as hell didn’t get any enjoyment out of it—“ His voice was raising defensively and Castiel’s brows were pulling down. “I—It…” Dean’s teeth tighten; “I’m not talking about this,” He turns back to the road.
Dean tucked his chin in confusion and turned to watch the woman shuffle back inside. He caught the young woman in there muttering as he and Castiel left; “Grandma, you’re awful!”
It took Dean a grand total of three seconds to realize what the thing hanging from the ceiling was and it only took that long because his face was one massive laceration. Bludgeoned by what looked like a tire iron, Dean saw blood and muscle and bone and the slack black cavern where Sam’s right eye used to be.
I can’t be killed like one.”
“Uhhh—”
Sam’s shoulders slump and he looks so lost for a moment. “Would you just—just talk to me?”
The bobcat made another low rumbling noise and proceeded to trot right up to Bill and rub playfully against his kneecaps.
He can
“Yeah,” Sam nodded, looked Dean up and down and decided there wa something different, something less cramped about him. “Yeah, you have.”
“Uh—“ Sam feels his toes curling in his shoes; “I was just ordering pizza.”
0-0-0
Rufus made a surprised noise and reached for another tentacle, “Take a look at that?”
“No, just one.”
He turned with a heavy lidded, slow grin; “Because you were left out in the cold just as we were. Condemned for something you had no control over. Because I understand how difficult it is—what a thankless job you’ve been saddled with. I know what it’s like to live with the weight of humanity’s hatred.”
Sam rolled his eyes; “Look, I know Ruby’s not exactly on your Christmas list, but if she can help us get to Lilith—”
Sam makes a face, like Dean’s just slapped him in the mouth with a severed, erect donkey penis and slaps a hand over his eyes; “Great, now that’s seared in my brain…” He lets out a breath.
HE had though. HE HAD and the moment the void in his chest had silenced itself, had connected with another grace, he knew. Someone was here.
“I could have helped! I mean, God forbid it had been something else, you could have been killed! You’re not back two days and you’re already throwing yourself in the line of fire like it means nothing!”
Dean’s fingers shake and he has to squeeze them into a fist to stop it before he has the nerve to push the askew lid up and step back—
He can hear a dog barking.
“There…” His voice was hushed, low and even, his eyes were losing focus and it was only then Sam saw the blood, saw the knife sticking out of Dean’s back, just above and to the inside of his right shoulder blade. “It’s done.”
Dean remembered standing behind Bobby’s shed, helping Sam out of his soiled shoes and jeans as Bobby muttered and splashed them with the hose.
Uriel smiles kindly, leans forward and regards Dean like an infant in a bassinet; “Don’t worry… I’ll kill her gentle.”
He waited until six before he shook the angel awake. Chuckled at the dazed bleary look in his blue eyes and said; “Angels don’t sleep, huh?”
“What’s a crown?” Jo insisted.
Sputnik is dancing excitedly around in circles when they get in the elevator. Sam is watching her with wide eyes and a broad grin.
He fought it—did he ever fight it—but it was slow going.
“It was more fragile than I realized.”
Castiel wasn’t as subtle. His wrist twisted and a slender silver blade slid out of his sleeve. It glowed and sizzled in Dean’s periphery and Sam eyed it with an air of curiosity as he took up a low, ready stance on the other side of the door.
Sputnik was dancing again, round and round and round. Sam was laughing at her behind his hand, obviously enjoying it. Dean kind of wanted to pick her up just so she’d hold still. All the movement of her, the wiggling dumpy presence of her near him was making his heart race.
Bobby swallowed and glanced at Dean’s hands, noticing the cut for the first time. “Aw, hell. Did you get sewer water in it? I don’t have anymore penicillin, you’re gonna have to see a doctor.”
Sam is staring at him and when Dean looks up his brother looks emphatically where their hands are joined and Dean realizes he’s tightened his grip to nearly bone crushing, has to breathe in and make himself let go, pull off his flannel and hike up the sleeve of his t-shirt.
Dean didn’t wait for him, just pushed open the door and stormed out.
Castiel explains about the seals, locks on a door and Dean’s blood runs cold.
“The human mind can’t make up a face. I mean, maybe you just saw Jimmy some time when you were running cases on your own, thought he was kind of cute and forgot about him, then just—just remembered him when the djinn got you.”
Zechariah blinks once and steps back, adjusting his tie, like this whole thing is straining his reserves. “You’re trying my patience, Dean. Don’t make this worse. Just say ‘yes’, accept Michael and let’s be done with this.”
Dean has been looking this whole time for a way to compare Nick to Cas and it hasn’t been there. His hair was messy but not in the same way, his eyes were dark, but not blue. He didn’t look like Cas, therefore he couldn’t have been the siren. Couldn’t have got Dean because he didn’t look like the one Dean really wanted— But that’s it, isn’t it. Dean hasn’t wanted sex since he came back. He’d fucked it up with Jamie, had wound up flirting at some girls in bars and leaving because he just couldn’t get over the feel of their skin against his own. Had even let that guy in the bar in Mapleton a few weeks ago buy him drinks and—and…
They took Ellen’s SUV, mainly because it was newer and would blend in with Suburbia seamlessly.
Dean hummed; “I—uh—I gained five pounds,” The ice in his cup rattled as he took a drink; “Still got a way to go before I’m back to normal, but…” He sighed; “It’s harder than you’d think.”
“The ecstasy of God made manifest.”
Dean presses back into him a little and his voice comes out in a whisper. Just breath shaped like words, clogged and wet and if he’d been able to make any sound they would have been a scream; “I made myself throw up.”
Dean hoped against hope that the people back on the Reservation had laid down salt and covered their windows. He hoped that leaving them hadn’t been the wrong decision, but something in his gut had begun to sour. Something started itching in the back of his mind.
Castiel felt himself carried away on it, adrift. Felt himself slipping.
“It all says an Angel can snatch a soul from the pit.”
Needle like teeth clamped down on the barrel of the gun and Dean pulled the trigger, the gun jerking in his hand onetwothreefourfive times in quick succession, and he felt it, felt each bullet like it was part of him.
“Why?”
H-how come I can only see four of them?”
Dean hummed and shifted the other direction when Sputnik appeared at his other side, pretending she was another dog and therefore eligible for a bite of his treat.
Castiel answered him, truthfully, before Dean could stop him. Jay’s eyes widened and after a moment he started laughing like maybe he thought it was a joke, but then stopped and stared at Castiel with an expression of dawning horror and his skin went strangely gray.
“W-well that creeps me out,” Dean’s breathing is elevated, his hands are still flexing open and closed, kind of like his fingers are numb. He looks a half second away from hyperventilating. “I-I’m nobody special,” He swallows with what looks like tremendous effort, “I… He picked the wrong guy.”
“Still I—” Cas said, throat welling uncomfortably, inexplicably. He’d seen how grief had affected Sam and Dean. It was not something that could be overcome ever, not entirely.
Cas is only half-hard when they start, but it’s still more than Dean ever expected, and Dean can feel the situation change second by second.
Dean seemed nervous to have Castiel touching his bare stomach, if the way he avoided Cas’s eyes and his tense breathing was anything to go by. Castiel was taking no pleasure in this, however, and he would’ve felt offended if he wasn’t so worried. “What happened?” Cas asked.
“Cas is still part of this family and if you need to – if you need to take some time to accept that, then Dad – you better get started now.” He took in a shaky breath.
Leaving . . . that seemed to be what bothered Dean the most.
Which is. A lot. Especially considering that Dean just pulled out the three words for Cas.
“How does that work?” Cas asked.
saw in the Church. Because I can’t believe in a church that would condemn you and I can’t—I can’t accept a God that would do the same. She’s
My girlfriend. She—she was killed by the same demon that killed my mom. I was out, you know, out of the life. Stanford pre-law.” He sounded wistful. “And then they killed her, and I got dragged right back in.”
“Sam, too?” Dean asked, voice rough. Missouri handed the ring back to Cas.
And even that wasn’t entirely fair. Because Sam was always going to be fine, especially now that he had Eileen. Their domestic bliss was enough to make Dean want to christen the Bunker with his brain matter. Cas ditching, ignoring Sam up until the moment where it actually mattered, hell—Cas
Dean nods, smiles slightly. The wrinkles by his eyes curl over slightly, but his eyes alone are still serious, glazed, distracted.
They were met by two angels. Hester and Inias—they had served beneath him once, laid siege to Hell by his side, but that had been so long ago. Dean started, but looked to Castiel.
Dean sat on the bath’s rim for awhile, letting the water wash over Cas, partly to wake him up but also partly to satisfy the part of Dean that was
Crowley moved on, but Adam appeared stuck, reaching out to touch his mouth, unhappy, retching at the taste of sulfur. Just then, Jo reached out, grabbing Adam by the arm and pressing an equally chaste kiss to his lips, as though to replace the memory of Crowley.
It was surprising how obvious it was that Cas didn’t like John, and how oblivious he was to it.
Sam’s ... well. Sam’s got skills Dean doesn’t. Dude was nearly a lawyer once. He’s actively in a successful relationship with a human woman. He’s smarter, can bench more, and he actually
Ah, so that was it. Dean was lonely and Cas was a balm. “You don’t have to,” Cas said quietly. “Your father, your brother…you could meet a hunter who’s a woman…” he was sure they existed. “Or a woman, generally.” And who wouldn’t want Dean, wouldn’t love him?
“Well, they were right, weren’t they?” Dean sighed aloud, gesturing between them. “You’re not exactly Heaven’s poster child anymore. Drunk off your rocker.” Castiel had to put effort into not laughing out loud. Had he truly been Heaven’s, he never would have considered disobedience, that was evident. When he looked up to meet Dean’s eyes, Dean was watching him, a strange expression on his face.
And Cas, dry-mouthed, wanted that, too. Dean had never said those words, so quickly after saying that he loved Castiel. That he was Castiel’s. That people could look and flirt but at the end of the day it meant nothing, because what Dean really wanted was Castiel’s mouth, and body, his companionship and love. Cas felt the same.
not with Dean. He nods, and settles back in the passenger’s seat.
Cas wants to take Dean by the shoulders, shake him until he understands just how important he is – not just to Castiel, but to his brother, to the world, how important and blessed and precious Dean should find himself.
“I hate angels,” Adam mumbled to himself.
, basically. We can go to the Empty. So, he tells us the shortcut, sends us back. Sam does the spell, and well. The rest is history, I guess.”
“So, now you’re a Scientologist?” Dean pressed.
Their father who, rose-tinted and naive, Dean had waited for his entire childhood to come home. The man who didn’t teach his kids how to repair and maintain illegal rifles or how to drive before they’d even hit puberty, but how to ride a bike, how to play ball. The man who’d settle home after a hard day’s work at wherever John used to work, and cuddle with Mary on the couch, Dean sat on his lap, as they watched TV and speculated about the baby growing in her belly.
Looking at the dark inklike blood spill over his fingers, purple-red crawling into the crevasses of the wrinkles on his hands; every breath he takes is painful. He knows how dying feels like. It feels like this.
“You’re not sleeping on the couch,” Dean said. Dean wasn’t about to offer up his bed either, but it was hurting his neck just looking at the way Cas was sleeping. Cas heaved a sigh, glaring, folding his arms, and turning around on the couch away from Dean childishly.
“I knew you were a closet geek waiting to happen,” he said, sounding pleased with himself. “Sounds like you’re more of a Star Wars fan than Sam.” In all honesty, Cas had just been interested in the implication that they would watch the new film together.
visiting,” Dean said.
“I…I can do it,” a soft voice spoke up. Crowley turned around. Adam. His smile seemed pained. “Do something useful with my soul for a change.” Jo looked equally as dismayed to see Adam volunteer, reaching out to touch his arm.
“But, you’re not gonna do a damn thing about it, are you?” John asked, rhetorically. “No point in me giving my two cents.”
Cas warned.
“Don’t hurt yourself. Just know I’m not gonna teach you how to wipe your ass or jerk off,” Dean said. “I’ll give you a tip, though—wash your hands.” He winked and Castiel looked disgusted. Dean laughed at his own joke, spirits half-carried by the relief of a crisis averted.
wants to hear Cas talk about that time again, lonely and painfully sharp and entirely Dean’s fault. And it’s torture to wonder what those guys did with Cas, if they’d touched him – if Cas wanted that, if he
“Black as mud,” Bobby confirmed, indicating his head towards the pot. Dean nodded and walked over, pouring himself a mug.
Dean laughed. “Thanks, but that’s a pass from me,” he said, smiling a little, eyes light. “Although, bet I could go for a little bit of corrupting. You’re a regular bad boy, Cas.”
“He’s harmless. Idjit.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, half like he can’t believe Cas would doubt him and half like he doubts himself. Castiel can’t be the only one of them who’s noticed how stilted things have been. “Yeah, I haven’t seen her or Claire in ages. It’d be good.”
“Sure,” Jo said, not wholly receptive to whatever Dean meant by it. She may not even have noticed that he’d taken off his ring, his watch, his trappings. In a way, Castiel could see he was putting away his childish things, his tokens of youth, and of course it was none of Castiel’s business. It just struck him as bizarre, but then he didn’t know Dean as well as Jo and she seemed unaffected.
That Cas has just dreamt about simply being taken away is almost a reprieve. He takes in a breath, air cool and moist in his lungs.
Castiel’s superiors weren’t happy that Cas hadn’t discovered where Anna was spending her time these days. His comfortable position in Heaven was a sword of Damocles, perched waiting to fall.
“You think only you have a responsibility to fix this?” Castiel asked, and there was this hint of anger in his voice that made Dean focus. “It’s
“You know, you’re not the only person who’s lost a parent, right?” Jo began to ask, her voice dangerously quiet, as Castiel took his leave. “In fact, your father
Dean had…never really had a friend like Cas. And it sounded pathetic to say out loud, so he didn’t. It was still the truth. Dean had always just had Sam. Dean had always been a kind of messed up kid, which just came with the territory of knowing the names of the monsters under everyone’s bed since before everyone else hit puberty. And then,
That was something, but, “Is that…” Dean said. “Is that fair to that vessel?” To drag them into the life of archangels and apocalypses when they could have just as easily left them alone, when Donnie was probably dead and especially when Dean was right here.
shares an afterlife. So, one day you will see them again.”
Dean managed to successfully exorcise one demon, threaten another one into evacuating, before a third demon had come up, stolen his knife, and stuck it in his side – again and again.
Castiel can’t tell if Dean doesn’t want to talk anymore, or if the conversation has been so taxing on him that it’s not even possible anymore. The end result is the same.
figure something out.”
“Ellen and Jo’s,” Dean replied. Cas already started moving, engine revving, and Dean cut him off, “And before you zap me out there I just…it’s about the process, alright?” He put up his hands because Cas needed to get that. “And I need to figure out what I wanna say, so. We’re driving, alright?”
“Night Dean,” Adam said pointedly, indicating that the discussion was over. Dean looked like he wanted to argue some more but Adam was already gone.
“I’m gonna take a shower,” he declared, voice cracking with frustration and self-loathing. Cas searched him, and Dean ignored his gaze, stepping away towards the bathroom.
“Did Cas tell you about Raphael’s vessel?” she asked, taking a step back to look up at him. So, there they stood.
Being earnest was much harder for Dean than being flippant, but Castiel felt he was owed the honesty.
“Hmm,” he said, considering. He and Sam had gone through the arsenal of children’s games in their youth on long drives to various hunts. Christ. He’d never had enough of a normal childhood to get a sense of what people did to pass the time like this. Based on a stereotype, Dean suggested, “How ‘bout ‘Truth or Dare’. Know how that works?”
“For some time now I could feel them…atrophy, as my Grace…dwindled away,” Cas went on. “And now…I can’t feel them at all.” He rubbed the back of his neck with his hand.
Dean held Cas’s hand for a moment, as though grounding himself, then continued.
He could count the women he’d gotten close to, truly close to, on one hand and even then, something had always come up. He had always chickened out, or scared them off. And he didn’t know if it was the incompatibility of his life with theirs, or if it was his fear that something happening to them would break something in him, that thing—whatever it was—that was keeping him from becoming the worst parts of his father. He’d seen 2014. He’d recognized John there.
That had been a colossal mistake. It didn’t matter to Dean whether or not Castiel got married, and even if it did it wasn’t as though there was anything for Dean to do about it. Castiel should have carried this burden alone, but he had been too selfish. He had wanted to tell Dean, unable or unwilling to merely shoulder it himself. He was so weak.
Well, he was an angel, still. They weren’t big on the whole love thing. Angels and humans weren’t meant to mix. But then, Cas had always been one to buck rules. And people had always said … even
“Ellen, please,” Dean begged. She was shaking, but she turned away.
“Say, you lived here long?” the man asked. “I’m just passing through.” No one had really asked Castiel that before. If customers chose to speak to Castiel, it was usually because they wanted to talk about themselves or to use it to at least circle back to themselves eventually. There was a strong chance this man was no different.
“I met a few ...
“Cas, how many times do I have to tell you that I don’t?” Dean burst in, frustrated. “I
The interior, Castiel found, was well-loved. The foundations of the house were poor, but every spare space of it was painted over with some type of memory. Childhood pictures and photographs, various awards, other sentimentalities. And then, the practicalities as well. Salt on every window. A crucifix in every room. Sigils decorating the walls. Castiel could recognize Sam’s hand to them. Castiel couldn’t make it much farther than the doorway.
to keep things casual between him and Benny, to end things between them when they got back on solid ground. No matter how else Dean felt about it.
thought Dean had some sort of feelings for him?
He’d had some desperation about him, a sense of incorrectness that predated his language for it, and then the edgy, channeled anger that grew in him when he grew older. He liked to run with the boys, and had spent some of his best time in a boy’s home growing up but, even when they thought Dean was a girl they could recognize something off about him that girls couldn’t. Or, maybe girls could recognize something else about Dean that guys couldn’t. Didn’t matter. Dean had never fit.
of people. They’d known each other for more than a decade; if Cas wasn’t attached by this point, which frequently he didn’t seem to be anyhow, something would be wrong. But Cas hadn’t tossed around a quick ‘I love you, man’. He’d laid out all the laundry. Dean just didn’t think it was really his.
Dean says it again, because he can, and he likes that smile, “Yeah, I do – Cas.”
“Shit,” she muttered to herself. She turned her face back to Dean. “People have been getting sick, is that—” she cut herself off when she saw Dean nodding.
“So, she would have been your – your next relationship?” Cas asked, fingers tightening around the wheel. “Your rebound?”
“Molecular,” Cas replies, still smirking because he definitely thinks Dean is funny. And Dean
said yes. Maybe that was just a free space on the bingo but. As optimistic as Dean was trying to be, this was a nail in his shoe, another rock in his pocket weighing him down.
“When you say you,” Dean starts. It gets Cas to pause, which is enough. Dean clears his throat. Like he’s trying to get an engine to start. It doesn’t help.
They’d have to raid a store sometime today because Dean was getting sick of wearing the same shit. They needed to get the fuck out of Kansas for one. Probably they should reconnect with Bobby, or else Ellen and Jo. Hunters and weirdo survivalists, though there was some overlap between the two groups, were the only ones who had back up generators and reliable hot water and that’s all Dean could really think about right now.
, Jesus, keep doing that,” Dean was mumbling, thrusting himself against the mattress. “Fuck, you feel so good, keep – keep fucking –”
“It’s possible the monster could be doing either,” Cas said. “Though, personally I hope for the former. I can help victims that are in the process of being turned; I can’t bring people back from the dead.”
He hadn’t been thinking of it on his drive here, but now he was grateful to be trailing behind John’s vehicle in one which was unfamiliar to John. John was steadily leading Cas to a bar in town.
, I am. There’s always a place here for you.”
Cas looked ahead, squinting to adjust his vision to the night.
They finished off the rest of their ice-cream, and headed out into the white summer sun. Just two minutes outdoors, and Cas could feel the sweat starting to build up beneath his collar.
“Life,” Castiel murmured. Dean rolled his eyes but took some time to observe Cas.
“Well, for the record, I do,” Dean says, because Cas at least deserves the honesty, even if it’ll make him sprint in the other direction. “Want this. Want you.”
“Goodbye Balthazar,” he said. And, in his arrogance, Castiel left. If he hadn’t, perhaps he would have realized Balthazar had given him a warning.
“Yeah?” Dean said.
“Hey Cas, is this too much?” Dean asked, voice cracking a little, the traitor. “You need me to let up?” When it came to relationships, Dean usually ditched first, but this wouldn’t have been the first time he’d smothered someone with his attention.
But, the jackass only settles in his seat, flips his hair as he turns his head in Cas’s direction, and clears his throat.
“Even when I pulled you from Hell,” Cas remarks, reaching over and under Dean’s t-shirt to clutch at Dean’s shoulder beneath his palm with such significance it makes Dean’s insides itch, “Healing your soul, remaking this body, I was prideful.” His voice is warm – affectionate, appreciative. Sexy.
Cas grated out dramatically. He explained, quieter, but still positively miserable, “It’s probably a viral infection.”
“I don’t think my church would trust me to do that properly,” Cas said. He leaned in a little, Dean’s eyes lit up with interest. Castiel stole a pancake off his plate. “Without corrupting you.” Dean made a choking noise and Cas leaned back, a little satisfied. “I could give my old pastor a call, if you’d like.”
“Well, thanks,” Dean said, unsure if he should be offended or concerned. Cas just looked at Dean, desperately sad. “Guns are the great equalizer,” Dean settled on, his father’s words, maybe a little dismissively though he was shooting for reassuring. He trusted that Cas wasn’t
He tossed Cas the clothes and stripped out of his own drenched jeans, and uncomfortably pulled the new pair over his cold, wet skin. Cas seemed kind of frozen in place, not quite watching Dean but also too aware of what Dean was doing for Dean’s comfort. Dean angled his bottom half away from Cas. “Get dressed,” Dean ordered.
Cas nodded in Dean’s peripheral, posture giving into something a little more relaxed. Still worried, though. “When would be a good time?”
He said, breathless, “
“That’s very noble,” Cas offered.
Cas didn’t say he loves Dean, so Dean doesn’t have to think about that, and the demon was lying, so Dean doesn’t have to think about Hell. This is how this works, how Dean works.
, and if he knows – hunters probably know, and Bobby can’t cover for us.”
“I,” Dean started, looking guilty. “Force of habit.” He grinned sheepishly. Cas understood.
“Could you look for us?” Castiel asked. She looked him over with a little intense light in her eyes, placing her palm on the back of his hand.
Cas’s gaze flickered around the room, he was thinking hard and not looking at Dean. “You could be right,” Cas allowed after a moment of thought. “I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable.” His eyes were narrow and sad with genuine regret. Dean heaved a sigh, standing up straight.
Castiel had known to expect him but was at the same time completely caught off-guard to reach down to help the man he’d saved to his feet.
He could’ve laughed but Dean looked so stricken Cas just softened, unable to stop himself from reaching out to grip Dean’s wrist, feeling for his heartbeat.
“I don’t know,” Anna said honestly. “You’d like him. He’s a good man. Kind, loving. He’s had a hard life. He’s very gentle.” Castiel nodded and helped himself to some of the grapes she’d set out.
Dean reaches behind his back to strip off his last layer, and Cas helps. Dean’s not doing his back any favours, nothing but Cas’s jacket separating him from the porch now, but what Cas does next justifies all of it.
It was heavier than wearing nothing, but Cas had never been more grateful to retrieve a small pouch of salt from one of the pockets, giving him enough time to scatter the ghost and move to grab a scrap piece of rebar which was propped up against the wall. He hoped the metal had enough iron to ward off the ghost.
“Yes,” Cas said, trying to regain his footing. “We’re trying to save your everlasting soul. One day, it will be
“That’s why you must have Faith, my son,” the priest concluded. “Faith does not depend on proof, but upon devotion. Upon your love.” Castiel couldn’t tell him. Couldn’t tell him that he’d
“I don’t know why Sam says yes,” he muttered his explanation. “I’m sure he’ll have his reasons. We always do.” He glanced down at the counter. He looked in that moment much older than his years. “The further Sam stays from this crap, the better. I’ll handle it.” He tipped the beer he had liberated from Bobby’s fridge towards Castiel. “
“Vampires.” The way Cas was able to pluralize the monsters made it come off as though he’d been on more than two hunts, which was nice, but he had to admit, “But, I
Dean still had his own toothbrush in Cas’s bathroom, and while Dean grabbed his sleeping clothes from his car Cas brushed his teeth and climbed into bed. Back inside, Dean spent what felt like an eternity in the bathroom, turning the tap on and off as he prepared for bed. Cas wasn’t sleepy, but long-term exhaustion has stealthily crept up on him. He could certainly rest now.
“You know, I heard about the last psychic to work with you,” Missouri said disapprovingly. She was talking about Pamela.
become acquainted with his bedroom floor. Partially, Cas’s lack of reaction had been a relief, and the flipside had set Dean’s anxious brain on fire.
It’s a nice day, outside. Since the bunker is located a decent way out of town, the air is clean, and even the sound around them is rarely punctuated by the roars of distant vehicles. Mostly, Cas can hear the birds, Miracle’s panting, and the noise of shoes and paws squeaking and clacking on the paved road beneath them. Dean and Cas remain mostly silent as they walk, only their clothes rustling.
Cas considered what to say, but his throat was tight. He couldn’t even speak.
“We can still go after Sam,” Jo said. “If we went to him, we could get him to stop and—”
Dean hissed. “Like the thing keeping them from buddying up to you again was a mail-order bride lost in the post.” Castiel bristled at the way Dean talked about Daphne. But he couldn’t burden Dean with this. He said nothing. “Cas, what the hell are you doing? Are you—are you straight now or—what?” Cas flinched.
assured Cas that Dean was alive.
are you bothering this family?” Cas barks.
, that move would be embarrassing, degrading. Dean changes into clothes Cas laid out for him on the second bed and feels a sympathetic flush light up his neck.
It was mindless work, and infinitely easier on Dean’s heart health than hanging out in the house where Mom was busy reconsidering her marriage, Jack was pacing around like a puppy left home alone for the first time, and Sam preening like he’d just announced himself president of the GSA.
were gonna skip town,” Ellen shot back. At second glance, she looked just as tired and grouchy as he felt, hair swept up in a messy bun. Dean squinted. “We’ve got a lot to talk about before you do.” He nodded, getting to his feet. He loped his way to the bathroom with a change of clothes, holding his blanket around his waist.
Everyone was sitting around Ellen’s small table, even Cas, where Ellen had made some eggs, toast, and sausages; breakfast of champs. Awkwardly, Dean moved to sit down across from her. “I wanted to start by apologizing, Ellen,” he began.
Dean’s mouth was desert dry. He quickly wet his lips with his tongue. He shook his head.
that age. Dean being sleep-deprived and hallucinating love confessions almost makes sense. It’s at least more believable than the alternative – a possibility which Dean isn’t even comfortable considering.
Cas is too busy reading through an old book to pay attention to Sam, but Dean, already on edge, figures out pretty quick what it is that Sam’s aiming to do. Dean’s little brother has loud tells.
“I won’t need much. Just ... stick around, okay? If you love me so damn much just ... I know this ain’t fair, but I just.”
had made that joke.
“Alright, so apparently she gave the Colt to Lilith’s right hand man, a demon named Crowley,” Sam explained. “And the Colt is—pretty much our only chance to kill Lucifer. Do you think you could track Crowley down?” That sounded too easy, especially given the fact that in the vision Zachariah had shown Dean it had taken him five years to locate the weapon.
And there was the problem, Cas supposed. Things had become significantly less comfortable since Cas had seen Dean and Cassie. A few months had passed, but neither of them had forgotten it.
“It’s possible,” Castiel said. He felt the urge to put his hand on Dean’s shoulder as he had done before when Dean had been distressed, but knew it would be unwise. “It’s
But, Dean’s a greedy bastard, and the thought of Cas with other people drives him a little crazy, too.
“Yeah, well, he’s a
And he had never quite stopped watching. The stars, but then of course, helplessly, the planets. Of all the worlds that had risen and fallen, Earth had been the one left standing. Earth, which could at a glance seem so unremarkable, but then, Castiel had always been poor at predicting what would become important to him.
A small part of Cas suspected John was only pretending to have been aware to save face. But, if John
“I’m sorry,” he said, “but Heaven is concerned.” He let out a tense sigh.
And Cas thinks that it is.
“I’ll try to beat back the rush,” Cas replied dryly, glancing around the empty Gas-N-Sip. Nora cracked a relieved smile and patted his arm.
Unfortunately, Hell on Earth didn’t mean that your average ghost and ghoul had taken a vacation. There seemed to be less of them now, at least relative to the number of demons up and walking, to the point where the concept of supernatural disappearances seemed positively quaint. But that didn’t mean normal monsters, if you could call them that, couldn’t cause a good deal of damage if they put their mind to it, which was the case in a town on the East Coast.
The easy intimacy and affection Dean sometimes presented him with could be overwhelming. Confusing. Obscure. It left him with a desire to communicate in some kind of language he’d never had the opportunity to learn. And he tried his hand at it, driving at night without lights or a map. With each step Cas would take closer, Dean would fall back, in a strange dance that Dean would insist wasn’t a dance.
“The best way to describe it,” he said thoughtfully. “Is like a limb has been stolen from me.” Dean noticed him subtly shifting his shoulders, as though he was trying to flex his unseen wings. He’d been such a showboat the night they’d met, the way he’d used his wings as proof that he was an angel. He’d overwhelmed Dean the first few times, and now Dean had shrunk him down to just a fraction of his original strength.
is such a huge word. Like trying to make a junction of a square bolt and a round nut, Dean can barely think the word much less push it, bottlenecking, out of his throat.
Cas nodded solemnly and the boy seemed pleased with his response.
“Oh,” Cas laughed a little. “None that’s not welcome.” Dean still seemed stressed, eyes darting between his friend and his father. Cas frowned, looking over to the door. “Should I…”
“We need to leave,” Cas said in a low voice, rough but not uncaring, kneeling down as though he was speaking to a child. “Someone might have heard us.” His gaze was shifty, guilty.
He held up, inanely, his flashlight – eying his surroundings with breathless suspicion.
He put his hand on Dean’s forehead, encouraging the production of enzymes required to break down the alcohol and its by-products further, and breaking down some of them himself. Dean was clearly punishing himself enough. And it was Castiel agreeing to help him, if anything, that made Dean look ashamed of himself.
“You haven’t spoken to your brother,” he observed.
Presently, Castiel left to go to the bathroom, and when he returned Dean had shifted, holding up a book. “Hey, uh, what’s this?” he asked, lifting up a paperback, browned with time, that Cas had left scattered on his nightstand.
. Maybe it was always like this, but Cas sounds so damn fond that it makes Dean warm all over.
Dean.” Dean nodded. Cas didn’t normally raise his voice.
, and ... some of them were very charming,” Cas goes on. “But, I think ... I already know everyone I care to know.”
Sam doesn’t know what Dean’s really asking about.
“At least sit down, you’re stressing me out,” Dean said. Cas obeyed, finding a chair to settle into, sitting stiffly in his coat.
So perhaps, Jack
Oh. “Wait, so that means,” Dean trailed off. Cas’s Grace. Cas tilted his head to the side, raising his eyebrows in a frown. And Dean realized. “You’re human.”
Dean looked at her, startled, caught between the two of them.
Gripping his father back just as strongly, Dean nearly felt the same.
It had taken Castiel decades of battle to reach Dean in Hell. Each failure and loss of life, each angel that had fallen, was another nail in Dean’s coffin. And Castiel couldn’t have known the state of Dean’s soul; he hadn’t known Dean at all. He only had his orders and, as his siblings and comrades perished around him, he clung ever tighter to them. To God’s word. Dean Winchester would be saved.
“Yeah, night Cas,” he agreed, fondness round and warm in his voice, as he made his way through to the other room. He called out behind him, “Don’t give him alcohol poisoning, Bobby.”
“No,” John grumbled. “Just saying you look . . . well, you look good.”
But, then the alarm is shut off, and the smell of coffee hits Dean’s nose.
“I see him,” she said. “And a young woman. And you, Castiel. Is the young man your brother, Dean?”
“No,” John said curtly.
“It’s just sleep, man,” Dean said, trying to lighten the mood, feeling bad for waking him. It was probably weird, going from an all-powerful angel to a fragile human that needed nap-time. It would’ve been endearing, if Cas didn’t look so fucking ripped up about it.
“How’s the great God hunt of ‘09 been going?” Dean spoke up. He’d taken Cas to a diner within driving distance of the old warehouse and was picking at his pancakes. He’d ordered Cas a stack, but neither of them was eating. This was all to celebrate, apparently, though it didn’t feel celebratory, especially with Dean asking Castiel to list his failings.
Cas didn’t know what to say.
At last, he said, “Sometimes I really do feel like
“You wish you could do something else.”
“I screwed up, didn’t I?” Dean asked, a little laugh hanging in his throat. He’d lost his dad, Sam had turned his back on him, and he’d given his all for them. He’d given
And if that was the case, if free will still meant anything, then Cas was the one who’d made that choice. Wasn’t his fault but. Dean wasn’t done. Something was festering beneath his ribs, angry and empty and ugly. This had started before Mary had been killed. Hell, before she’d been brought back. Cas pulling away, doing his own thing. Maybe it all had just been years and years of Chuck’s foreshadowing. Baked into Cas’s system.
“No way, Cas,” Dean insisted, seemingly horrified. “I can’t put that on you.”
, I just,” Dean says, scrubbing his hand against his forehead. He doesn’t know.
Castiel had marked both Dean and Sam invisible to angels, and this fact had made Dean quite difficult to track down in the first place once Gabriel had taken him. Castiel had had to rely on Bobby’s aid then, and it was Sam’s brief communication with Bobby now that had allowed Castiel to locate him.
He drives alone and lets the suffering and self-pity and guilt wash over him in waves. It doesn’t feel like coming home.
“I gotta get back on the road by nightfall,” he said.
Cas had never…he’d never been kissed before. Much less so openly and with—Dean had
It was a vulnerable act, even if it was strictly educational. A gesture born out of boredom and lonesomeness, and Cas could probably read that. “Thank you,” Cas said uncertainly. He paused for a moment, still looking at the cassette like he wasn’t entirely sure what to do with it. He glanced up at Dean, eyes wide and unaccusing. “Why?”
Damn.
“How do you think
Dean lets out a breath of air. And it’s a hell of an offer. Things are definitely easier when Cas seems to want the same things Dean does.
“And what’s next for you?” the woman asked, putting her elbows up on her desk, leaning in. She was younger than Cas had initially thought, with pretty eyes looking between him and Dean.
In the parking lot, Dean noticed Cas wasn’t trending towards the Impala. Instead, he paced himself down to the lake. Which…weird but fair, and they had the time for it so Dean followed. “Wanna dip your feet, Cas?” Dean asked down at the shore, and honestly he was joking. But Cas, close to the water, crouched down to untie his shoes.
“Damn,” he said.
They could have just talked about this and spared the heartache but suffering in silence was something both Dean and Cas had become accustomed to.
And here they are, two miserable people.
. I need you here.”
“Damn, no wonder it messed with my BMs,” Dean said. Cas gave Dean a dirty look and Dean couldn’t help but chuckle. Just then, the waitress came back with Dean’s burger and fries, setting down the plate with the milkshake next to it.
“Lookin’ good, Cas,” Dean wolf-whistled when Cas stepped back out into the bedroom. He had unpacked himself on the other bed, and was laying down on it, comfortable. Cas didn’t believe him, but he offered an admittedly weak smile, wandering over to his bed and moving his clothes onto the chair.
But Dean had never had the strength to sustain any anger or resentment towards his father. And maybe, again, it was the patchiness of his and Sam’s collective memories. Maybe they were leaving stuff out, things better left buried.
“I just don’t get it,” Dean seethed. “This ain’t the Secret; me thinking about the Colt isn’t why Crowley practically had it gift-wrapped for me. And, if what I saw in 2014 was just Heaven’s propaganda reel, Zach must’ve
“A different motel,” Cas decided, shifting closer to rest his head against Dean’s shoulder, feeling drowsy. Dean laughed.
“Why bother?” Cas asked. Dean blinked. He laughed.
“I’m going to the bathroom,” Dean snapped after Cas’s silence, standing abruptly, nearly throwing his plate off the table. Cas glanced down at his fries. This felt terrible. Dean had been free from him and now, thanks to Castiel’s subpar decision-making skills, Dean had been dragged back in to witness Cas resign himself to a marriage that could never truly work.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed. “I bet.” He frowned, back hunched over the steering wheel, the weight of the world resting on his shoulders. Castiel wondered if Dean loved this woman enough to think that losing her would break him. He wondered if love was enough to break someone, and how that could be.
“You seem excited,” Cas noticed between kisses, not complaining.
“Castiel!” a voice greeted. It was Mrs. Young, one of the more frequent and affectionate customers at Castiel’s old job. She often gave the employees of the Gas-N-Sip her excess harvest, or cookies around Christmas.
“Didn’t ask for that, Cas,” Dean said, voice hard. It was so much easier to be angry than to be terrified.
Not finding the humour in the situation, Dean rushed to add, “It’s just, Cas. You can’t—you can’t go back to them. I know they’re offering you a lot, but you’re better than that. They dumped you out on the street because of who you are and they’re only ready to let you back if you cut out that part of yourself and it’s not fair!”
“Yes,” Cas replied. Dean groaned out loud, sitting up. Cas was gonna kill him before the apocalypse got a chance, and he wasn’t even
“Well, Dean,” the woman said. “Step over to me and I’m going to search you, okay?” Dean thought about saying some sort of joke but he
“I could wake you.”
Dean let out a deep sigh. Castiel…really couldn’t complain about the situation he’d found himself in. Dean was pressed tightly against him, one arm around Castiel’s neck, the other on his arm still. “Was that good?” Castiel asked, lungs a little crushed by the weight of Dean’s body.
Dean could admit he’d been a douchebag last night. And Cas wouldn’t get why, obviously. He
Of course, Dean had actually been sent into the future, even if it had just been one of Zachariah’s lies. Dean had gotten to see first hand that, yes. He was never going to have the apple pie life that Sam had always wanted, that John had always wanted, that Dean…It didn’t matter what Dean wanted. Just, looking around the place, Dean could see he could’ve built a life here.
“I never heard anything about ghosts until now,” Castiel replied, still breathing heavily. He took stock of his body. He was aching all over, but nothing appeared broken. He was alive. Carefully, he pulled himself up into a sitting position.
“I’m in
“Cas,” Dean said, because they’d driven this far and they weren’t going to drive an additional three thousand miles if they could help it. Missouri was already halfway out the door and Dean couldn’t ask her for more than just this day. “You gotta try, man.” Cas frowned, nodded.
“If it makes you uncomfortable,” Sam says patiently, raising his thin condescending eyebrows, “you should just talk to him about it.” Leave it to Sam to think the solution to talking about feelings is more talk about feelings.
His older brother had done plenty of stupid shit in his time: jumping off the roof of their high school to impress some guy from another school, consuming more alcohol than food most of the time, literally everything involving Victor, and afterwards, hooking up with every random dude that caught his eye. But if Dean had talked Meg into doing what he thought she was doing, then this was going right at the top of the dumb shit list forever and always.
"You're awesome," Dean declared, smiling widely at him as he gave Cas's hand one firm squeeze before releasing it and gesturing towards his mostly full tray. "Once we're done do you want to hang out until lights out?"
"Hiya, beautiful," he called to Jo with his normal greeting. Quickening his pace to snag the empty seat beside her, he gave the boy in front of her a once over, assessing the possibility of Jo liking this guy.
"I'm calling dad later so I'll call him too," Castiel told her. "And welcome to my messed up family, Kal."
"I think it's going to take more than an email to make this better," the woman said behind him. "It's going to take a gesture or something to show her that not only do you like her, but that you're mentally ready to try to start a relationship with someone."
It was going to be the first time since Cas had surprised him by showing up at the bar that they weren't going to spend the night together, alternating between his apartment and the other man's house. Dean was not exactly thrilled to be sleeping alone and yea, the sex was fucking amazing, but it was more than that. He had already gotten used to having Cas there next to him, falling into an easy comfortable routine together that he couldn't believe he hadn't always had with the other man.
"Oh, hey. You have physics next. Ash, don't you have physics with Gerlach too?"
"We'll get Pam some flowers and no more sex at school."
“As you can see, the boys have been nice enough to put together some outfits for you ladies for booty camp,” Gabby continued as Sam and Zeke rolled the cart to a stop a couple of feet away from the contestants before going to stand casually on either side of the host. All their muscles were flexed, so really...it wasn’t that casual. “And of course you’ll be wearing heels from my own line of Iron Angel shoes and bras from BreastForm.com because you can’t go to battle without a good stiletto and a pair of bazookas. Am I right?”
"Frottage, Cas?" Dean hissed at the smaller boy who just grinned serenely in response. "We're really just going to start bringing our personal business up in public now? It's bad enough that Bobby knows all about it."
“Well…” Cas started, sounded as uncertain as Dean had ever heard the angel be. “I realized tonight that I’ve been taking certain...liberties with our friendship; making assumptions that it would be okay for me to borrow your things indefinitely--”
"Yea well, no one is really badass when they're trapped in a hospital bed, darling. The doctors in Chicago pumped me so full of painkillers for my ribs that I didn't know which way was up. The school called my dad, who showed up with Raphael to get me and they wanted to call the police to, start an investigation into the whole thing so they could find out exactly who had pushed me down the stairs, but my father told them that he didn't want to press charges against anyone for doing God's work.
It was going to take some convincing to get Gabriel to let him out of his or Sam's sight, but Cas pretty desperately needed to feel like he still had some sort of grip on his life and shooting a bunch of holes into something may just be the start of that.
It turned out that Cas didn't know how to cook. Dean wasn't a rocket scientist or anything, hell he had only graduated high school because Bobby refused to let him drop out and help out at the garage in an effort to not feel like such a burden on the other man, but after the third time that the actor had set off the fire alarm it had become pretty obvious that Cas and Meg were two peas in a pod when it came to cooking.
“No,” Castiel stated, chuckling slightly at the way his sister subconsciously edited Gabriel’s more colorful statements. “What he said last night. At the pizza restaurant.”
Dean looked at the remaining two boys in askance as Castiel quickly left the locker room and Ash simply shrugged at him in return. The three friends played knock-out for the remainder of the period and Dean could see Castiel on the balcony running with loping strides, continuing even when the bell rang and Dean returned to the locker room to get ready for the first football practice of the season.
This was going to be dirty, delicious bath time smut, but...it became something else. I think it works, sex can be weird and awkward and uncomfortable, it helps to have a sense of humor about it sometimes. Anyway! The boys are out to Crowley, yay! Thanks all for the reads and comments and general loveliness.
When Cas fell asleep, it was deep and dreamless, probably the first time it had been so since leaving Pontiac when most of his nights were spent having terrifyingly familiar nightmares or uncomfortable dreams he couldn't remember but left him nauseous when he woke from them. His cell phone was forgotten, lost in the blankets that wound around his sleeping form and it buzzed several more times after he slipped off before finally it went black.
"Lucky me," he said sarcastically, sliding his glasses back on and instantly feeling horrible for being mean to Dean because the other man's smirk faltered and faded before he told them all he had to go and left the room with a walk that was devoid of the swaggering confidence that Castiel had already come to associate with the other patient.
"I just got all worried about what I was going to wear to the interview," Charlie admitted, easing her grip on the back of Dean's shirt slightly as she talked. "I mean I have like no nice clothes, everything is donated stuff and I don't want them thinking I'm like...a bum or something."
"Well she did kiss you," Tessa offered.
He skimmed his hands up underneath the t-shirt that Cas was wearing, settling his hands on firmly on the other boy's waist and deciding for probably the first time in his life that pie could wait in lieu of birthday sex that he would actually remember for once. Castiel smelled like his body wash and apples and cinnamon and all of Dean's favorite things; he felt like his life was slowly turning into a sappy musical and it didn't even bother him like it probably once would have.
Rachel promised that she would answer the phone this time if he needed her and Castiel kept reminding himself of that all through the surprisingly normal Christmas festivities at Jo's house. He had asked his therapist for help with his present for Dean and the thick manila envelope in his messenger bag that he had brought his gifts for everyone in felt like a looming anvil about to drop on his head and crush him.
“What kind of life would it be without you?” Dean asked desperately, leaning in to mash his lips intelligently against the other man; belying the decades of kissing experience that the hunter actually possessed.
It was something extra special and wonderful that might not be completely unattainable and he resolved to actually talk to Missouri about whatever she decided they should talk about if it meant he would continue to have this warm chest expanding feeling and keep it.
"What's your name?"
“No reason,” the woman replied briskly, which did nothing to relieve the sinking feeling that Bobby had in his stomach. “I’ll get Dean’s face and pertinents out there, come by the station when you get back and we’ll go over where you looked so the state troopers don’t have to cover the same ground twice.”
"You have no idea," Dean scoffed, sniffing surreptitiously in an effort to dry up his tears when he noticed that they were starting to draw some looks from the other people who had disembarked the plane with Bobby.
"It gets better. So she's doing drugs in the middle of pretty much the nicest restaurant in the financial district, which she picked out I might add, and when she gets done she just offers me a line. Man, I bolted so fast that the maitre'd had to flag me down to give me my purse. But back to yours! Bad kisser? Is it safe to say we're over comrade Krushnic?"
He hated talking on the phone so fucking much and just the one conversation had made him tired as hell, but that was just one down and he had two more to go. Talking to Meg was starting to look more and more like the least painfully confusing conversation he would have tonight and it annoyed him to no end that Anna and Kali felt the need to gossip about him like schoolgirls behind his back, fucking no good meddlers.
"Jess!" Dean called not breaking eye contact with this man who for some reason had taken an interest in him. He felt like if he blinked then Castiel would disappear. "Tell Meg I had to leave. Something came up."
"Fergus, what are you doing?" Balthazar muttered beside him as the red head stood on tiptoe to peer over their heads and off into the crush of people socializing throughout the rest of the bar. "We agreed no business talk when we're out on dates."
“You should come to movie night tonight and we can strategize. I can’t go to my own birthday party without a date.”
Castiel was going to say something, figure out who had sent him the picture and at least thank them for it because it was beautiful and thoughtful and someone had spent a lot of time on it. They deserved to hear how much it meant to him to have someone not look though him like he was a pane of glass for once, but when he made it back to the common room eyeing the other patients that he passed in an effort to try to suss out who the mystery artist was he had realized exactly how many people had been in Pam's art lesson.
"You're dead," Dean blurted, feeling the hot tears that were running down his face now that Castiel's cool fingers had traced their path for him. "This isn't real, I'm hallucinating."
No, he'd stayed at the house and waited for Anna to get home from school, staring blankly at some home improvement show that Gabe had turned on and clutching his phone in his hand in the hopes that maybe Dean would call him; maybe Dean wasn't lost to him forever. But on Wednesday after Gabe had picked he, Anna, and Sam up from school, Cas had honestly thought he could handle sitting in the car while Sam and his brother ducked inside to see if anyone had been in the apartment over the last couple of days.
"I didn't run off with some girl, Cas…" The larger boy began defensively before realization hit him and made his eyes widen. "You saw me talking to Cassie."
"I trust you not to lose it," he said softly, curling her fingers carefully over the cool, raised metal. "Also I need a reason not to hide myself away from you, because y'know...as soon as you walk away I'm going to freak out about all of this."
"White boy, you're not getting it open," Rufus explained, a shrewd brown eye and a face that still had beads of water dripping down it appearing in the crack that Castiel had managed to create using the entirety of his severely depleted muscle mass. "Did you have sex in here while I was gone?"
"So tell me again, what happened on New Year's Eve?" Tessa asked the other man, knowing that the answer was just going to make her want to punch him in the shoulder as hard as she could for being so boneheaded and blind.
“I’ll tell you a something,” Castiel said, lowering his voice conspiratorially as he leaned in to murmur in Dean’s ear. “I’m pretty nervous too. But don’t tell anyone.”
"Chuck, oh thank god you're here," Naomi gushed spotting him and rushing over, the heels she was wearing clicking on the dance floor and causing her to tower over him by a couple of inches. "Can you please explain to these children how balloons need helium to float? They just keep inhaling it and singing like those annoying chipmunks. I can't take much more of this."
"Talk to me sweetheart," he whispered, leaning in to kiss the smaller boy's back as he continued to stroke him encouragingly. "Tell me you're okay."
"Well, it was stupid. I should have walked away from the whole thing while I still had a chance, but a couple of the boys on the team pulled me off of Daniel and decided that the only way I was going to give up on the whole thing was if they taught me a lesson. So they dragged me over to the stairs and pushed me down."
Before his phone had finished charging, they had been looking at bridal magazines and Cas had been trying to keep his mind off of Dean by convincing Meg that yellow bridesmaid dresses were more likely to be viewed as a sadistic form of torture by Jo and Anna and Luc's sister than they were to be flattering. It had been normal and then he had ruined it all by being harshly reminded every time the voicemail picked up that he had fucked up Dean's life simply by being in it and it looked like nothing he could do was going to fix it. She was probably sick of dealing with their drama and that's why she was calling in Jo as reinforcements, he knew that most couples didn't go through shit like this. But then again, Cas and Dean had never exactly been like a normal couple.
His breath caught in his chest as he took in the sight of Gabriel leaning on the doorframe on one arm with a playful smile on his face, looking every bit the adorable muchkin that Sam had privately started to think of him as.
"Nothing," he mumbled, taking two Kleenex; using one to clean his glasses and the other to surreptitiously wipe the last of the tears off of his face.
Cas kissed his way down the other boy's chest and stomach, pausing to worship the V of muscle that led down to his jutting erection that was already swollen red and leaking precome where it was pressed against his own chest that had been disrobed sometime between him getting Dean's shirt off and him thanking God that his boyfriend had decided to forgo boxers for the evening. He stroked the other boy's cock, spreading the slickness along the length as he glanced up at Dean mischievously underneath his eyelashes.
Dean flicked on the light for his living room, smirking at the book of John Waters screenplays that Cas had bought for him on the coffee table when he had let it slip to the other man that he had never seen
Dean let out a dark chuckle before plopping down heavily in Charlie's lap, wiggling his hips on top of the girl who was making dramatic death noises beneath him; Cas could only grin fondly as he watched the other man, wishing he could just lean in and kiss Dean like he could do without anyone talking about it for the next millennia. But it would mean losing everything that he had worked so hard for if he did. Yea, his family would still be there and his friends who weren't just friends with him because of his money or fame, but how could he support himself and Dean if he wasn't acting? How could he help his mom and dad? Living off of love was a grand idea, but realistically it wasn't something he could do with nothing to fall back on except a Master's degree in Theatre.
"Probably for the best," Charlie replied, wrenching the fork out of Ash's grasp and replacing it with a sugar packet that held the other patient's attention just as much as the utensil had. She sighed and picked up her tray, adding the rest of Ash's silverware to her own before standing up. "I've got to go catch Missouri before her next group, talk to her about LGBTQ. See you both in a bit?"
He stayed buried in the other boy for a couple of moments before pulling out as slowly as possible, still concerned about hurting Cas even though the rest of his mind was a fuzzy, blurry contended mess. The smaller boy dropped heavily down onto the bed, ignoring the mess they had made of the expensive, hotel sheets and beckoned for Dean to join him, which he did after darting into the bathroom for a second to discard the condom and grab a wet washcloth so they could maybe fall asleep without having to worry too much about waking up disgusting.
I am also not a very good swimmer.
"Yea, man." Charlie agreed, standing on tiptoe to peek over his shoulder at Castiel as he firmly shut the lid of the toilet and flushed it before setting his glasses on the back of the tank. "That's super gross."
“Bitch, what’d I just say?” Eva started, rounding quickly on Holly until the older queen was looming menacingly behind her in the mirror.
"Where were you?" Cas asked his younger sister.
Gabriel stuck his tongue out at the younger man, but went to do what he said pausing long enough to point a stern finger at his little brother. "I spent a fortune on that fucking monstrosity of a costume so you better be there, Cas."
"You got here fast, Cas." Dean gasped out, wincing in pain when Castiel shifted his knees and noticed that Dean's femur was broken clean in half and protruding from the thigh of his jeans in the most alarming way. "Angel express."
"You should see the other guys," Castiel deadpanned, his eyes tracking over Dean's face before his expression softened again and he reached out to brush the tips of his fingers over the archer's cheeks. "Hey now, none of that. They didn't even know I was coming, I'm fine."
It was like his younger brother had a death wish or something and after all of the work Dean had put into keeping their family together over the years, even as John spiraled farther and farther out of control, he was going to be damned if he let the younger boy just throw it all away when they only had a couple of years left until Sam would graduate and they could both get the hell out of Lawrence like they had always planned. Once they were gone, John wouldn't have a say in their lives anymore and Dean could care less if his little brother dated every munchkin in Oz as long as he was happy and safe and not hell bent on severing the last familial tie that they had besides each other. He figured given enough time their father would just get used to Gabriel being obnoxious and not having ovaries and he would get used to Cas too, that was something that had to happen or Dean would just have to give up on the older Winchester for good himself.
Castiel nodded at her stunned and followed behind Dean when the other man started stalking across room and back down the mirrored hallway where they had first kissed. The other man led him into a room marked 'Employees Only' that had a row of lockers against one wall and a scarred folding table with some chairs scattered around it and through that into a small office that branched off.
"Maybe we can move this conversation to somewhere less…public?" The man said softly to Meg.
Just in case though, he had worn his trench coat over his jeans and dark grey plaid button down, a Red Sox cap covering his messy hair, and dark aviators that were completely different from his normal glasses. Cas just hoped it would be enough to make him look nondescript and insubstantial.
"Because there's kind of something else I was hoping you would do for me instead?" Castiel said questioningly, looking like a kid who had just been caught elbow deep in the cookie jar by their mom.
Dean locked eyes with Toots who waved enthusiastically at him from across the room, pointing at Cas and then using one hand to fan at her face which wore an approving expression. Dean felt himself blush but yea he could agree.
"Everything okay?" Dean asked, pulling his toothbrush out of his mouth.
"It's okay," Castiel said weakly, shaking his head and wiping away the few tears that had slipped out. He looked at Dean, smiling apologetically. "I just...I thought I could handle it."
The other boy shrugged and stared resolutely at the ground in front of them, seemingly looking for more roots or holes he might trip in. "I thought it was. But, they were kinda dating me as a joke or maybe a bet, I think. I never really knew the whole story."
“Sure,” Cas replied, clambering to his feet and plopping himself down inelegantly next to Dean on the bed.
But  it didn’t surprise him at all when he had to pull Baby over to the side of the road on his way back to the bunker so that he could puke his guts out. Dean wasn’t sick, hadn’t even had more than the one beer at the bar before he’s ditched his brother and Cas to go off with one of the waitresses.
