He had a feeing Tony knew it was a lie, because there was a little twitch in his smile before he handed his card back. “Then I’ll make sure today doesn’t disappoint.”
Tony placed the porcelain mug of dark brown coffee on the counter, looking triumphant. “That’s what I’ve been saying! Been saying it all along! Pete seems to think no one will care.”
“Oh yeah? Permission for what?” he pressed.
“Hi Steve!” he greeted happily. “Looking sharp. Don’t you think he looks sharp Dad?” he needled as he nudged his dad’s back. Tony flushed brightly before focusing his attention on finishing a previous coffee order. The kid was trying hard – he’d give him that.
“Oh don’t promise me that, or I may never stop,” he groaned before he closed the gap and gave him a solid kiss that was just polite enough to be used in public. He held the kiss for as long as he thought was socially acceptable before he broke the kiss, gave him two more quick pecks, and then pulled away. They had practiced a lot this morning how to pull away because they knew this moment would happen, and they couldn’t let it turn into last night where they couldn’t keep their lips away from each other. Not that they wouldn’t mind a round three, but it would be bad in front of the rest of the customers, not to mention Tony’s son.
He ducked his head as he grabbed the coffee. He was about to take a sip but Tony blurted out a warning to stop him. “Nope, cinnamon roll first, then coffee. Trust me.”
“You…actually asked Pete?” he finally asked, and his voice was soft too.
(See the end of the chapter for
After that experience, Steve knew he could fully trust Bucky with everything in his life, and he especially trusted his advice. Bucky had a gift for reading people and had the best gaydar he had ever seen. Bucky was so convinced of his gaydar that if someone told him he wasn’t gay, Bucky firmly believed he just hadn’t come out of the closet yet. But Steve had used Bucky’s talents to pick up guys for years, and he needed those skills now. Not necessarily to pick up Tony – he was pretty sure he could manage that on his own – but to just make sure he actually was interested in men.
with him. He’d never had that with another person before, not even Bucky, and it was probably because he loved Tony.
Hi body had been yearning for this. Burning for this.
Saturday, a day that was quickly turning into Steve’s least favorite day of the week. The charm of the weekend was lost on him because he still had to work (not that he minded it – he really just got to do more physical activity and he enjoyed teaching people how to be fit), and most importantly he wouldn’t get to see Tony today. He could handle anything else Saturdays had to offer if he could just see Tony. It was somehow more difficult today. On the one hand he expected it, so he knew not to get his hopes up and had been mentally preparing for it. On the other hand, after that connection they had yesterday, the electrifying pulse that shot through him at their touch, he needed to see Tony now more than ever.
He finished his coffee and set the mug down in front of him along with a lemon poppy seed muffin (apparently Pete ate all the lemon loaf, or else he would have given him that) before he attended to the other patrons. Steve was fine with that though; he got what he came for and he knew Tony had to catch up after the holdup he caused. He’d normally feel bad that he held up the line, but as he looked at the card that Tony wrote his number on with a smile, he didn’t feel bad at all.
He was pretty sure yesterday was a fluke. It was an emotional day for Tony and he just got caught up in the emotion. That’s all it was. He saw him for the first time almost a month ago, and had only been dating him for a little over a week. That was not long enough to have such strong thoughts and to start throwing the word ‘love’ around. He always thought love developed over time, after really getting to know someone. He was not some Disney princess that believed in love at first sight. He believed you could be smitten or attracted, but not love. That’s where he was – he was smitten. He was in deep and enjoying it, but it wasn’t love. Not this soon.
“Uh no, I learned my lesson,” Tony chuckled. “You’re not going to torture me with that display again.”
“Yeah, you did,” Bucky agreed as he sat down next to him. “But you can fix this. Look, you don’t get jealous over something you don’t want. The fact that he is jealous means he wants you. That’s a good sign, Steve. You just have to go in there tomorrow, explain that we’re not dating, and then ask him out.”
Tony smiled as he reached over to squeeze Steve’s hand. “Me too, muffin, me too.”
“Yeah I…I guess we will,” he sighed. He went over to his counter, feeling like he missed his moment. He had a perfect lead-in, he had everything he’d been waiting for…and he chickened out. He kept his focus on Tony because he could just feel the disappointed looks he was getting from the other customers, and he could feel Pete’s disappointment burrowing a hole in his back. He could understand it from the kid – he lied to his dad to get him that smooth lead-in, and he blew it.
“Uh, did you want to order something?” Happy asked again, which shook Steve out of his thoughts.
“You do that and we might not make it to our date,” he moaned “and I worked so hard to plan for it too.”
“Well, fancy seeing you outside the coffee shop,” Tony remarked as he walked up next to Steve. He placed his hands in his pockets, rocking nervously onto the balls of his feet. “You know, I always thought you looked good in gym clothes, but you look even better in that shirt.”
“Just follow me,” he instructed. He gave him one last, lingering kiss before he grabbed his hand and pulled him out the door and through the restaurant. He only made eye contact with Happy and his son. “Pete, get to school. Happy, I need you to cover for me. I’ll pay you extra.” And with that brief explanation he escorted Steve out of the café and to the entrance to their apartment building.
Tony licked his lips once they broke the kiss, and dear God if that wasn’t a sexy thing to watch. “In addition to kisses, a date like that also gets you free coffee today, sir.”
Wow, yeah he had been staring. Way to go Steve. He recovered with a bright smile of his own as he leaned against the counter. “I know. It’s because that was the most beautiful smile I’ve ever seen; I had to stare.”
“Yeah, what was off was you taking me here. That was a mistake, Steve. Did you see how jealous Tony got?” Bucky prompted. “As soon as you introduced me his whole manner changed. He was doing a good job hiding it, but he was not happy I was there.”
He smiled at him as he squeezed his hands. “It does feel right.” He could kiss him right here, right now. They were so close, they were holding hands, he could feel Tony’s eager breath on his neck, but if they were going to be sentimental…he might as well go all the way. “Go behind the counter and ask me for my order.”
Steve chuckled. “Monday is fine. Tony?” But really his mind was spinning because if Pete was gone all weekend…oh did he have plans.
He gave a sad little sigh when Tony severed their connection, but he got it; Tony couldn’t spend forever gazing into his eyes when he had a business to run and other customers. If he had it his way, that moment would have lasted for eternity. Being so close to Tony was electrifying, and he knew he needed an excuse to be that close to him again. He slid his card over to Tony as he pretended to think. “Then I guess it’s the coffee,” he finally said, which was clearly a lie.
“It’s a promise,” he assured him as he craned his neck around to peck his lips. Tony stayed there for a moment, cherishing the cuddle before he turned his attention back to the muffins. Steve tried really hard not to be a distraction, he did, but he also refused to stop touching or kissing him, and occasionally he would break Tony’s concentration. It might have taken longer than usual for all the baking to be done for the morning, but they still got it all done, and they did it without having to disconnect from each other. It was a perfect way to finish a perfect weekend. Cooking dinner together on Friday night was fun and flirty and everything he had hoped it would be. Friday night had of course been incredible, because sex with Tony only seemed to get better the more they did it (and oh boy did they do it), and Saturday morning was lazy and wonderful. They didn’t even leave the house on Saturday and spent most of the day draped over each other in varying states of undress as they just got to know each other and spend time with each other. He’d been dreading today, knowing that Tony would have to work, but he also knew that separating would make the memories of their time together this weekend even more special.
He loved him.
Tony pretended to think as he tapped a finger against his chin. “Tell you what, I’ll give you the same number of hints you gave me.”
hold it in his hands. And even through Tony’s jeans, he wasn’t disappointed. It was firm and luscious and fit perfectly in his hand, and he groaned and twitched against him. He slid his other hand down and clenched onto the other cheek. “Oh
Steve looked curiously at the kid before he turned his attention back to Tony and hiked up an eyebrow. “Captain Handsome?”
This was one of those important moments in a relationship where he had to show he was supportive and understanding of the troubles his boyfriend had faced in the past, and how he handled this would be a sign on how he could handle things in the future. He had to do this right. He turned to the rest of the room. “Tony’s gotta grab something out of the back. He’ll be right back. Pete, can you step in?” he asked, giving him a significant eye.
“You seem to be doing okay right now though,” Steve pointed out with a grin. He absolutely loved how much his body and now his musk was a turn-on for Tony, and he was happy to put that to use whenever he could.
“It wasn’t any better sleeping alone over here either,” Tony lamented. “We’re doing another date on Friday right? So we don’t have to worry about this whole ‘work in the morning’ bullshit?”
With the baking done Steve agreed to help Tony ready the shop for opening (essentially doing Pete’s usual activities); it was the least he could do after making the baking take longer than expected. While he unfortunately couldn’t be attached to Tony, he absolutely found excuses to sneak past him and squeeze his butt or give him a kiss, and he was glad to see that Tony would do the same. The shop was able to open right on time, and Steve was first at the counter.
“Jealous? No…I didn’t see that,” Steve admitted. “Distant and distracted, but not jealous.” Why would tony be jealous? It didn’t make any sense.
“Tuesday,” Tony said while he focused very intently on Steve’s coffee mug. “And Steve, I’m picking the date this time; I’ve got to show you up.”
Steve walked into the café, an extra spring in his step because honestly, this was still the favorite part of his day. Even though they texted pretty much all day and had maybe taken to calling each other at night (God he sounded like a teenager) it was so much better when he could actually see him. He got in a little earlier (his times were just getting better and better now that he had something to look forward to at the finish) and was happy to find no one else in the shop. Tony was currently cleaning a coffee spill in the seating area and was too busy ranting about it to himself to notice him, which gave him a perfect chance to sneak up on him.
He kissed him back, a longing, lingering kiss. “You know, it’s weird, but I just couldn’t get comfortable. It’s like I was missing something. You wouldn’t know what that was, would you?”
Steve laughed as he shook his head. “Never doubted it wasn’t. It seemed too much like Tony. Since we’re on this subject, I was wondering if either of you arranged for us to get highlighted on the jumbo-tron for the kissing segment.”
Oh. Oh this was big. He remembered Tony talking about this on their first date, how the man that he trusted as a father figure played some underhanded games to force Tony out of the company that was rightfully his. It had been a huge, unexpected betrayal and left Tony with only his inheritance, most of which he had squandered. And while he talked about that being a huge turning point in his life and something he had come to terms with, he had to imagine that the anniversary of having your life change so dramatically was something that needed further contemplation.
“Uh sure, that uh, that sounds good,” he replied. The barista rang him up - he noticed the name Tony on his badge - and got to work making his coffee. Steve tried to distract himself by looking at the photographs on the walls - he always felt like he had a good eye for art - but he kept finding himself looking back over at the barista as he made his coffee. He had to keep forcing his attention back to the photos so he didn’t appear creepy just staring at the man.
Tony whistled. “Wow, handsome and brave. You really are a winning package aren’t you?” The bright red of Steve’s blush reached all the way into the blonde of his hairline. Sure he enjoyed being called brave, but it was hearing him call him handsome and a ‘winning package’ that made his heart sing. “I guess that’s a good reason for not being here.”
He felt his heart leap at the thought of holding Tony in his arms again. “Oh I can do that,” he murmured as he enveloped Tony into his arms from behind. Tony fit just perfect against him, like their bodies were crafted specifically so every curve would meld together when he held him. He could wrap his arms around him easily, hands splayed across his chest and abdomen. He took specific care to make sure Tony’s arms were free so he could bake while he held him. He pressed kisses into the top of Tony’s damp hair (they had better things to do that morning than spend time drying and styling hair) and he could hear Tony moan in approval.
“Definitely two,” Tony replied quickly, and Steve felt a rush that Tony was on the same page as him. Last week had been great getting to spend the morning after together, but they always knew there was a time when Tony would have to leave for work. But if he could stay as long as he wanted on Saturday…that morning cuddle could last as long as they wanted, and he really liked that idea. Besides, getting to spend that much time with Tony? How could he not be excited for that?
He blushed again for looking like a fool. “Right. Yeah just let me--” He took a sip of the warm, but not scalding, coffee and immediately he felt his entire palate open up. There was this richness to the coffee, and complexity along with the bitterness that was so full of flavor. He usually drank coffee for the caffeine or the social habit but this...this he was drinking for the taste. It was everything he ever hoped coffee would be. “This...this is the best coffee I’ve ever had,” he breathed as he took another sip.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony paused for a moment, their eyes locked, before he stood up and broke the spell they had both been under. “Nope I’m sorry, you have to pick one,” he decided as he grabbed a banana nut muffin and input Steve’s order into the register.
He had thought spending the night was a bad idea. Sex with Tony had been like a chemical reaction just waiting to happen, and once their energies combined, it was like an explosion of feelings and emotion and lust and euphoria that it had taken him a long time to recover. He learned that Tony liked to be cuddled in the afterglow, which was perfect because he liked to cuddle, and once they reached that comfortable spot where Tony was tucked against him and their legs and arms were entwined with each other, he knew he was staying the night. He really didn’t want to make the walk of shame, but it was worth being able to stay pressed next to Tony all night.
He finally reached the end of his path, heart thrumming in his chest as his muscles sang in both agony and relief. He always found a calmness while running, and he loved the way his body felt afterwards, even with the soreness. The app popped him out in the middle of the park, and he had a pretty good idea where he was. He was a Brooklyn boy, born and raised, but after coming back from his tour he needed a change of pace and Manhattan seemed like the right way to do it. One of his buddies that he served with lived in Manhattan and he told so many stories about the restaurants and cafes and just the vibe of the city that he and his best friend Bucky decided they needed to experience it for themselves. So far he’d enjoyed his time here, and he was excited to get a job and settle into this New York City lifestyle.
“Morning Tony,” he replied softly, honestly. “Think I can give you a kiss or is that not okay while you’re working?”
Steve noticed his attention shift to the next customer, a pretty business woman who looked to be another regular on her way to work. He slipped out the door, but not before he heard Tony laugh from something she said to him, and that sound made him flush. Looked like he was coming back tomorrow too, and he was going to find a way to make Tony laugh so he could hear that again.
Now he just had to wait for Tony’s answer, but even then, he wasn’t really worried. He knew he’d say yes. Everything up until this point showed he would say yes. He had been worried yesterday, but not today. Even though Tony’s face assembled itself into some new expression he couldn’t read, he knew it was a positive reaction. But even though he was hopeful and sure he would say yes…it didn’t mean that the moments where Tony sorted through everything weren’t agonizingly long or that they didn’t make his stomach twist as he waited for the answer he knew was coming.
The mention of a spark caught Steve’s attention. He absolutely felt that spark yesterday; as soon as their skin touched it was an immediate reaction. Now that he felt it, he was going mad without it. He was like an addict, and he needed to feel that spark again. The thought of losing it because of his inactivity was terrifying and he couldn’t let that happen. This was also the second person advising him to make a move. Happy’s advice that Tony wouldn’t make the move first was helpful, but really he wasn’t waiting for Tony to do it, he was just waiting for the right moment. He wanted to be sure and he didn’t want to mess this up, but maybe he needed to speed up that process?
Steve chuckled and gave him an apologetic smile. “Couldn’t go on a run today. I just couldn’t make the time fit. Between church and a formal meeting, I have just enough time for a coffee break. Apparently the army doesn’t care it’s a Sunday.”
He gave him a reassuring smile. “Pete, is it okay with you if I ask your dad to be my boyfriend?”
Pete just shined like the sun, and he looked happier about the mix-up than Steve was. He placed a blueberry muffin on the counter and said “For the ‘studmuffin’,” with a wink and air quotes.
“Okay, you’re fine. That’s good,” Steve allowed. He didn’t believe it, but he was going to allow it for now. “I’m still giving you a hug, because I wouldn’t be fine.”
Today was the day – for real this time. He was going to do it. No more fear, no more hesitation, no more delays, no more chickening out at the last minute, and no more excuses. He was a soldier after all, and he knew how to summon courage to rally himself in dangerous circumstances. He’d stared down insurgents and was capable of calm thoughts in the middle of battle. He’d risen to achieve the rank of Captain after all, and that wasn’t because he shied away from challenges. And yet every time, every time he went into the coffee shop after his morning run he just froze. He froze, acted like an idiot, and chickened out.
Steve just rolled his eyes and pushed his way into the coffee shop, greeted by Tony’s warm voice as usual.
“Like the pictures?” Tony asked from behind the counter. “Saw you checking them out yesterday. That’s the inside of one of my old cars – a 1970 Monte Carlo. I don’t have her anymore unfortunately, but I got some great pictures of her before I had to give her up. She’s the one in the picture above the cream and sugar bar.”
“Well I’m just saying, it’s a school night, so I doubt Ned’s mom’s gonna let me sleep over,” Pete pointed out.
Steve blushed slightly. “Commendation for valorous acts of leadership,” he parroted.
They remained close, and Tony closed his eyes as he licked his lips. “Hello to you too,” he murmured. “You know, this kiss reminds me, when’s our next date? Because Monday wasn’t really a date. And I haven’t been able to feel you since Sunday, and that kiss is telling me it’s been way too long,” he whispered in Steve’s ear.
He spent his entire run coming up with jokes. He was a funny guy and he could make people laugh, so he was fairly confident he could make Tony laugh (provided he could actually string a coherent thought together), but he felt like he needed some under his belt to reference just in case. He had some puns (he loved puns and Tony had used one to name his shop, so he must love them too) and some actual jokes, but mostly he was just trying to practice some of his witty comebacks. He even tested his wit on a stranger at a drinking fountain, and he gave him a genuine laugh, so he had to assume he was good.
Bucky shook his head emphatically. “Nope, you’re not. I’ll have a—“
“Where’s Tony?” he asked bluntly. He looked at the man’s nametag, which said Happy. That was definitely a weird name.
But despite his wariness of saying anything to Tony, that didn’t mean he couldn’t feel it and celebrate it himself. He didn’t need to hear Tony return those words and he didn’t really even need to say those words, because he could feel that love any time they were together. He was good with that, and he was good with waiting until Tony was ready to hear it.
“Well I…I really like the coffee,” he answered lamely. It wasn’t a complete lie – he did really like the coffee.
Ooh Steve...you messed up a bit there. Stay tuned tomorrow to see if he can fix things with Tony!
He knew Tony Stark’s reputation – albeit twenty years ago – and he had to wonder if he needed to stop now so this stood out from all the other encounters he’d had. Then again, he really couldn’t judge, because he and Bucky were both guilty of crawling the bars looking for someone to take home for the night. They were both adults, they were both experienced, and he
(See the end of the chapter for
“You heard me,” Tony replied with a wink.
“Well well, he finally arrives!” Tony remarked, and Steve could almost feel a sense of irritation that he made Tony wait. “I was starting to get worried about you. Usually I can set my clock by you. Any reason for all the dawdling outside my shop? Don’t think I didn’t see you.”
He broke the kiss, but kept his face close to Tony’s. He could feel Tony’s panting breaths on his face and it took all his power not to close that gap again. “Tony, what are you doing?” he asked between breathless pants. It was an obvious question with an obvious answer, but removing his shirt was a signal for something more, and he was using it as a chance to check they were ready for the next step.
(See the end of the chapter for
He gave Happy a chance to look in the system, but he knew it was a lost cause when Happy shook his head. “Yeah, all he’s got down here is ‘Captain Americano’ but nothing on what that actually is. So I’ll just make you the best Americano I can, deal?”
“Wow,” he simply said, and Steve noticed him give him a once-over with his eyes. He couldn’t help but preen a bit at the attention. “That’s a new look. Was not expecting that. Where are the sweaty gym clothes? And more importantly, why are you late?”
Steve grinned over the rim of his coffee cup. Potential boyfriend. He liked that title. It had hope and promise and showed that Tony intended for this to go further. That’s what he wanted too, and he was so, so happy to hear Tony was on the same page. If tomorrow went well, it was worth asking about removing the word ‘potential’ from that title…
. I’m not burying my misery in booze and faceless women and hiding behind money. I have a great son, a perfect boyfriend, and this great life and job that I did. Me. All by myself. It ended up being a good thing. But it still hurts every year and I don’t get why!”
He must have been hovering for too long because he heard someone call to him from behind the counter. “Are you going to spend all your time admiring my sense of decor or are you going to order something? I promise, it looks even better after you’ve had some coffee.”
Officially closed for the night, the coffee shop was dark and quiet. The sound of a key turning echoed in the quiet shop before two men walked into the building before shutting and locking the door behind them. Tony flipped on the light switch, illuminating the empty coffee shop. Steve had only ever been there during the day, with all the open and bright natural lighting, but it was a very different experience during the evening. The individual hanging lamps cast sufficient light on each of the tables and booths and behind the counter, but it still had the overall look of a soft, intimate environment. He liked how it changed based on the time of day and the reason people would be in the coffee shop, and he had to marvel again at Tony’s genius setting this place up. Then again, there was a lot he marveled about Tony, especially after tonight.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
He also learned that Tony didn’t really interact with any of the other patrons the same way he’d interact with him. There was a banter and a swagger that he had with Steve that he never showed with any of his other customers, even other repeat customers. He was clearly familiar with them, and he seemed really familiar with a kid in the shop who he knew he’d seen there before, but it didn’t sound the same as when he talked with him. That had to be a good sign…right?
Bucky looked shocked, like it wasn’t the question he was expecting. “Oh no, he’s a hundred percent into you. No question.” Steve breathed out a huge sigh of relief. So maybe he had been imagining all that distance between them? “Don’t look so relieved Steve; that’s not the problem.”
this felt. He’d kissed men before, he’d kissed a lot of men, but none of those kisses ever felt like this. There was electricity here that he couldn’t explain, and it left him breathless and needing more. He had no idea how long he held that kiss, but when he finally released Tony’s lips he went back for three smaller kisses before he pulled away. That had been one hell of a first kiss and it left him dizzy and breathless and completely addicted.
Steve chuckled as he shook his head and took a sip of the coffee that still tasted incredible no matter how many times he had it. “I never said I was worried. I’m just really excited.”
Steve turned the mug so that the tip of the phallic drawing was right at his lips, and with a wicked glint in his eyes he took a long sip. Tony swallowed noticeably and then became very distracted with another customer while Steve laughed. This easy interaction between them, it was perfect, it was beautiful, and he never wanted it to end.
Steve grinned as he thought of the Avenue A Club Museum he found, with its warm and inviting interior and soft lighting that would make Tony look absolutely stunning. But more importantly, he thought about its collection of old, classic cars, motorcycles, and engines that he knew would bring Tony joy, and he thought about how he may have used his military background and connections to allow them some closer access to some of the engine displays than normal. He knew Tony would love it, and he couldn’t wait to take him there. He reached out for Tony’s hand, fingers intertwining so they could walk to the subway hand-in-hand. “I’m very sure,” he said simply, and he gently led him away from the coffee shop, ready to start what would hopefully be the beginning of a beautiful, special, and memorable relationship.
“Yeah, you do,” Tony chuckled. “Alright, I gotta get back to the counter,” he sighed. He leaned over and gave Steve a kiss and a squeeze on the shoulder before he left. “I’m serious though,” he called over his shoulder, “don’t run out of things to say before tonight or it’s going to be awkward!”
Steve put a reassuring hand on Pete’s shoulder. “You’re such a good kid Pete, but we’ll be okay. If this is going to work, you need to be able to live your normal life, and I don’t want to mess with that. We’ll figure something out, but sleeping over at your friend’s house isn’t it. I promise, we’ll be okay.”
“I don’t know what it was,” Steve admitted “but God am I grateful for it, because it brought me to you, and I’ve never been happier.” He felt his heart open up again until it almost hurt it was so intense. He pressed his lips onto Tony’s, desperate to share some of that love before he burst. But when Tony opened his mouth to allow him entrance, he felt the same warmth pour from Tony too. It was like neither of them had enough room for their own feelings, but in that intimate space between them, where their lips connected, those feelings blended together into one perfect emotion, one perfect love, that filled them completely.
“Central Park is just right there,” he gestured out the door with a spoon in his hand. “Real popular place to run, and you always come in here looking like you just worked out, so it doesn’t take a genius to put that together. ‘Course I am a genius, but that’s not the point.”
“Good,” Tony breathed out as he grabbed one of Steve’s hands and somehow found the strength to detach. Steve immediately felt the pull back to him because damn if he didn’t feel lonely and isolated and cold without his touch, but he knew they needed to get up to Tony’s flat where the real magic could happen. He let Tony lead him along, but Tony stopped abruptly and picked up Steve’s shirt from the floor. He held onto it with a proud smirk. “I’m wearing this tomorrow morning,” he announced before he led him out of the shop, and Steve groaned because that was such a turn on. What was Tony
He took a second to get his bearings (thank God everything in Manhattan was on a grid). He wasn’t too far from his new apartment and it would be pretty easy to walk back, and it would serve as a good cooldown. He picked a nearby street and strolled down it leisurely, not really needing to be anywhere. It was starting to get busy, with many New Yorkers trying to beat the tourist crowd and get their breakfast before getting to work on time. Breakfast didn’t actually sound like a bad plan. He’d run seven miles this morning (and in just over an hour too, he was proud to note) and he was starving. He passed by some restaurants, but it all seemed too healthy or too heavy or wasn’t open yet. Finally he stopped outside a small establishment that had to be a cafe judging by the smells wafting out of the open door. He looked up at the name: Jumpstart. He smiled, finding some humor in the title. It was definitely worth taking a look.
Steve caught a look at Tony’s face, and it looked soft and happy, and he knew he scored points by showing he was open to Pete’s presence. They weren’t officially dating (though he had a feeling they were going in that direction and he was operating under that assumption) but he wanted to make it clear that Pete wasn’t in the way – he was a part of this too and he was ready to be aware of that fact.
Tony raised an eyebrow. “I’ll bet it did. This man, what did he look like?”
That caught him off guard, and he blushed as he looked down at his shirt. It was definitely tight, he would be the first to admit that, but honestly he was more focused on the fact that Tony was talking with Happy about his choice of shirt. That had to be a good sign…right? “Yeah I—I didn’t know they’d run this small, but I didn’t want to take them back.”
Steve leaned in with a smirk. “Well, I’ll say you’re the expert on my ‘All-American package,’” he whispered. It was raunchy and corny and horrible but he just had to.
“Tony, I stopped coming for the coffee day two,” Steve said with complete honesty. It wasn’t a flirt, it wasn’t a tease - it was complete truth. He went back to the café against his better judgment for Tony, and he was still here for Tony. That comment earned a deep blush from his barista, and he leaned far across the counter to kiss his blushing cheek before he retreated to his spot at the counter.
Pete smiled, looking reassured for the moment. He set a muffin down in front of Steve before he walked over to the cabinet to load up more pastries.
The barista was visibly agitated. All the regulars could tell he was preoccupied and not his usual self. Something was clearly on his mind. Before his son left for school, he drilled him on yesterday’s encounter, looking for a misstep or a reason for why Steve didn’t come. Did he scare him off with his forward comments? Did he make too much of a deal about the uniform? Or, had something happened to him? He mentioned he was going to a meeting – had he been redeployed? Was yesterday the last chance he was going to see him?
It seemed like Tony felt the same giddiness as he rested his head on his shoulders and closed his eyes, a content smile sitting on his beautiful lips. “…I think I’m okay,” he finally said, and his voice seemed like he was in a haze.
Tony remained silent as he averted his gaze down to the ground. He could almost feel his mind whirring, but he had no idea what it was whirring about. But he didn’t let go of his hand and he didn’t shrug away his other hand, so he tried to be patient and let Tony think through whatever he needed.
“Well, that’s what I’m here for, a perfect cup of coffee,” he smiled back, but again that smile felt hollow, as did that boast.
“You know what, I am the king of multi-tasking, so I’m pretty sure I can do both,” Tony laughed.
“Okay, you’re not dating,” Tony finally said, his voice even. “Why did you need to tell me this?”
He seemed to blush further, those red cheeks just bringing out the flecks of color in his eyes even more. “I make nicknames for people, it’s a thing. It’s not—oh look, more customers!” he stammered nervously before he dashed off to the register.
He slid his credit card across the counter – he didn’t order anymore because he just trusted Tony knew what to order – and gave him a little smile back. “Sometimes I have to work Saturday mornings – make-up sessions and special requests, that kind of stuff – but I don’t have anyone scheduled for Saturday yet.” That was a lie: he purposefully cleared his Saturday yesterday for this date. “So same, just relaxing.”
Steve smiled happily as he held Tony closer. This was actually a really good development. Of course being told you smelled good was always a good thing and he rather enjoyed that, but given how often he worked out, it was good he liked the smell of him covered in sweat. “So should I go for another run right before our date tonight? Get all sweaty again?”
Had he read him wrong? He just assumed with the flirting and the comments about his body and the smirks that he was gay but…had he pegged him wrong? If he had a prior (or maybe even current – he didn’t actually know) relationship with a woman…was he actually into men? Sure he could be into men and women, but now he couldn’t be sure. Was he just flirting back because Steve was flirting and he wanted to keep a customer? Was he just trying to be nice? Sure he complimented his body, but he could acknowledge when a woman was beautiful even if he had no intention of sleeping with or dating her.
Pete smiled wide. “Nope, pure luck. I wouldn’t even know how to arrange it if I could. Must have been a sign.”
Tony was silent for a moment and Steve could almost feel Tony’s mind whirring. “What do you mean?”
He let him save face and went around to his usual spot on the counter, but honestly he thought the whole thing was adorable. He was over-the-moon that Tony thought he was a stud because God did that make him feel good, but he also loved how Tony’s mouth worked faster than his mind and he had to struggle to catch up. It was so endearing that he got so embarrassed. That moment, and so many other adorable moments like that were what made him fall further and further for Tony.
“No,” he said resolutely as he walked up to the counter, and Tony looked a little taken aback. “Well, yes, I do want my regular but—hold on. I have something to say first. Bucky isn’t my boyfriend.” He heard a loud thud like something dropped over where Pete was sitting, but he didn’t take his eyes off Tony. “We’ve never dated. I thought about—yesterday it probably seemed like we were, but we’re not. Bucky’s like my brother; his family took me in after my parents passed. I would never date him.”
Steve shook his head before looking into Tony’s eyes. “No, nothing like that. I just…I wanted to make sure that
“Yes, this is,” he insisted as he pressed a kiss into the top of his hair. “This is a rough day and you need a hug.”
The kid jumped up almost too quickly and rushed over. “I got this Dad. Go take five to uh, find that thing you need.”
Tony didn’t say anything, but just curled deeper into Steve as he clenched his fists into Steve’s shirt. He took that as a sign he was listening and continued on. “It’s okay to be upset about what happened on the anniversary of today.”
“Well, if it isn’t my studmuffin,” Tony greeted as he leaned across the counter. “It’s weird to see you here so late. Did something hold you up this morning?” he asked with a knowing grin.
Steve chuckled because he had been thinking about that this morning on his run too. “Honestly? Sheer dumb luck. I’m not usually a ritual coffee drinker, but I was really hungry and this was the first place that sounded just right. How about that huh?” Really the amount of things that had to happen to get him to end up at Jumpstart were astronomical, and if one of those things changed, he would never even know this place existed. He had to stop at just the right spot and be just in the right mood for a muffin, and head in just the right direction from Central Park. If Tony had been one block over or one block further down, he would have missed him and probably never found him. It was truly incredible to think about.
Tony finally brought his mug over with a very steady hand, and he could see there was more foam on the top than normal. “That great date last night also gets you a little coffee foam art – the worst thing to happen to coffee shops everywhere. But I made yours special, showing you my favorite part of our date last night.”
Tony cast a look over towards his son as he hiked an eyebrow. “Really? Another new one? He didn’t mention it last night.”
The barista had been right - everything did look better after drinking the coffee...including the barista.
That moment of bliss only lasted a few moments, but it left him happy and warm and full of Tony’s love. He was hazy and giddy and not-all-there – his mind was still lingering on that kiss. “God I love you,” he breathed, his heart talking before his mind was even capable of thought.
Tony just shook his head as he pressed his nose against his neck and took a deep inhale with a dopey expression on his face. “Steve, I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but you smell
Steve blushed as he ran a hand through his hair. It was starting to grow out, no longer in the same buzz cut the military was so fond of, and he couldn’t wait for it to reach its pre-military length. “I’ll uh, yeah I’ll take the Americano. And a muffin.”
“You don’t say?” Steve asked with a suggestive arch of his eyebrow. Was he offering for him to stay the weekend? Because if he was…he would take it in a heartbeat.
“Actually, I kind of am,” he smirked, letting the innuendo in his words sink in. “For the coffee.”
Steve chuckled, loving how this kid constantly tried to get them together. But really it had felt like a sign. Out of the thousands of potential couples in the audience, they were one of the few selected to kiss in front of everyone on the big screen. Some stranger could see they were on a date and chose to highlight it, for whatever reason; how could he not take that as a sign this was meant to be? “Speaking of signs, kid I wanted to talk to you about something,” he said, getting a little serious as he lowered his voice. “I know you’ve been our biggest cheerleader, and I love it, but Tony’s your dad first and I don’t want to take away from that. I like him, a lot. I know it’s quick, but I want to go steady with your dad and—“
They continued to make eyes with each other until Steve reached the counter. Immediately he put his elbows on the counter and leaned in. As Tony moved in, he felt that need to kiss him again. He’d never felt such a strong desire before. It held him completely in thrall, and it took every ounce of willpower to fight his body’s urges to finally bring their lips together and just
Tony laughed, that wonderful laugh that hooked onto Steve’s heart. “Yeah you’re not going to have
“Careful Pete, if you talk Steve’s ear off now you won’t have anything to talk about tonight,” Tony teased as he brought Steve’s coffee and muffin over to the table.
To try and break tradition, he started his run in a different place. He hoped this would make him end up somewhere different and wouldn’t be tempted to go to the coffee shop. If he didn’t go, he wouldn’t be teased with what he was missing. But somehow as he ran, he finished up next to the coffee shop anyways. It’s like his feet knew where they were supposed to run and auto-corrected on his way. He groaned, but accepted his fate and walked the last block to Jumpstart.
“I trust you,” he whispered back, and that close, quiet exchange made his heart flutter. That temptation to kiss him when his lips were right there was so great and it took such strength of will to pull himself away. “I’ll unfortunately need that to-go today. I want to leave myself enough time for subway travel. Oh, and a muffin too.”
Tony shrugged, trying to look nonchalant, but his eyes sparkled. “Because you’re my Americano. But no, you’re like, the total all-American package – you had to love baseball.”
“Mm, he really does,” Tony sighed happily against his lips. He gave him one more kiss before he pulled back. “He also says if you’re going to visit me, you have to buy coffee.”
Pete? That caught Steve’s attention. Who was Pete? The other guy was named Happy, unless his real name was Pete? But that didn’t seem right.
for this. And now that he finally had it, his lips flush up against Tony’s, it was everything he had built it up to be and more. The kiss was gentle and polite, as a first kiss should be, but it still managed to steal his breath away. Tony’s lips were soft and warm, and the hairs of his goatee brought in a roughness that drove him wild. His lips tingled, shooting a warm pulse of pleasure through his entire body that left him feeling euphoric. He could only compare it to the pleasurable chills of stepping into a warm shower, but even that was a meager comparison to how
Tony placed his coffee on the counter and lingered for a moment, despite the other customers in line. “That’s fine, it just lets me know what time to expect you.”
Steve followed Bucky outside and they walked down the block a bit before he finally had to stop him because he couldn’t take the uncertainty anymore. If Bucky didn’t have some insight on what just happened in there, then he didn’t know what he was going to do. “So what’s the verdict?”
Steve rushed excitedly to Jumpstart after his run. The past twenty-four hours had been very difficult. After getting to spend almost an entire weekend with Tony, to have that pure bliss of spending every moment with him, it was even harder to go back to his own apartment. It felt so empty, so naked, and so lonely because Tony wasn’t there. He hated to say he was turning into the sort of needy person that couldn’t sleep right unless he was sleeping with his boyfriend. He never thought he would be the type – he’d slept on pure hard ground in the war without a problem – but somehow now that he experienced sleeping with Tony, he couldn’t sleep alone. He actually tried to sleep wrapped around a pillow, pretending to spoon it, but it wasn’t the same. The pillow was too soft, too room temperature, and didn’t have the same curves that fit perfectly along his body, but Tony did. Tony was warm and solid and fit perfectly against him, and he missed that falling asleep last night.
“It fits perfectly,” he assured him. “I could spend forever staring at you in those clothes, but I have a very special date planned and I really want to get you there to see how impressed you are with me.”
Steve smiled, feeling like that was as close as he was going to get to an admission that he missed him, and he’d take it. It made his heart soar knowing that Tony looked forward to him being there, because he certainly revolved his life around when he could be here. “I’d be happy to do that. But you know, it might be easier if I had your phone number.”
The sun rose, reached its zenith, and set again without any sign of the new couple. And yet there was a warmth and a happiness in the cafe that couldn’t be explained, like the warmth and happiness of the owner bled into the very cement of the building and reflected just how good of a day he was having. As the final patrons left for the evening, Happy turned the closed sign on the door with a happy, satisfied smile. It was the smile of a man who looked out on the world and the people he knew in it and felt satisfied that they were being well-cared for. It was the smile of a man who had been waiting for a friend to have a moment like this, and it was the smile of a man who couldn’t be more happy for a friend.
A feeling Steve could only describe as pure euphoria rushed through him. It cracked a giant smile across his face and made his eyes shine with joy. He felt an overwhelming urge to leap across the counter and embrace Tony or kiss him or show him just how happy he made him, but he knew he didn’t want to do that now. It definitely wasn’t the right time and he wanted to save that first kiss for something meaningful. So he did the only thing he really could do, and he placed his other hand on top of Tony’s and gave it a careful, gentle squeeze.
That was a fair concession. It was New York City, which meant the available activities for a date could be anywhere from something physically active to something incredibly formal, so a little direction would be nice. “Casual clothes. Comfortable shoes. Really anything you want, so long as it shows off that cute ass of yours,” he smirked, eyes twinkling. It was a very obvious and forward flirt, but something just told him they were at this level of flirting and that it would be okay.
“Oh yeah?” he asked as he leaned in too. “Well I’ve been thinking about you.” He didn’t even ask for permission this time as he cupped Tony’s face in his hands and kissed him. Feeling that pulse, that warmth, that joy that came from kissing him recharged him, like he was getting a literal jumpstart. He pulled away from the kiss with a smile, but he lingered just long enough for Tony to press another kiss into his lips of his own before he pulled away. Steve licked his lips because they still tasted like Tony and coffee and cinnamon and they were amazing. “I missed you,” he murmured as he brushed his thumbs over Tony’s cheeks before he finally pulled away.
“Well it was a great morning until now, because you’re upset about something and I don’t like seeing you upset,” he pressed. He knew better than to back down when he knew something was going on.
“The counter’s in the way,” Tony decided with a breathless pant, and Steve had to say he completely agreed. He would have loved to reach over and lift Tony over the counter, but it was an awkward angle and he wasn’t
The barista chuckled at his indecision. “I’ve got great black coffee, but I’ve got something better for you. You’ve got that ‘all-American’ look to you, so let’s give an Americano a shot. Basically an espresso, but not as concentrated. If you don’t like it, I’ll make you something else, but it’s going to be a good fit - I’ve got a sense for these things.”
“Hey, I’m working on it,” he chuckled as he gestured to the couple of people in line ahead of him.
Tony gave him a little smile – was it a pity smile? A sympathetic smile? He couldn’t tell, but he knew that he blew it. “Well since we’re being curious, do you have any plans on Saturday?”
“It’s a talent, what can I say?” Tony preened, but it still felt muted, like his usual bravado wasn’t there. “I’ll have those right out.”
Tony pulled him close as he wrapped his arms tight around him, and he could feel he was trembling too from the sheer weight of their shared emotion. He slid one hand around to cup the back of Tony’s head while the other encircled him and pressed into the small of his back. It was like they were trying to banish any space between them so they could be one unit, a physical representation of the one love they now shared.
As Steve looked back at Jumpstart, he felt a wash of gratitude fall over him for this small, quaint café. Without this café, he wouldn’t have found the man he loved more than anyone else and who loved him in return. He wouldn’t be so happy he feared he might be glowing. He wouldn’t have
“I didn’t want to put this on you,” he added, and he dared to let go of one of Tony’s hands to brush a strand of his hair behind his ear. Tony leaned into the touch, which was a good sign, so he kept going. “I know everything that happened with Obadiah hurt you, and if it happened to me it would probably make me afraid to trust anyone, even other people I started to care about, so I wanted to wait for you to be ready. I want you to be comfortable. You don’t have to say anything back. I’m happy waiting until you’re ready. I just want to be with you.”
“Pete doesn’t usually go on trips like this, so it’s going to be pretty lonely,” he hinted. “Might be nice to have some company.”
“So what is your type?” he asked, and boy if that wasn’t a loaded question. He actually saw Tony’s posture change as he made the coffee, like he was actively listening. He had this brief thought that Pete was asking all the questions that Tony wouldn’t, so he allowed the deeply personal questions and chose his answers very carefully.
Tony finished up with the other customer and turned to face Steve, a surprised look on his face. “Wow, you are five minutes early. I know Happy said you missed me, but I didn’t think it was this much,” he pointed out with a smug smirk.
“Then hurry and get that cute ass back around here so I can kiss you proper,” Steve instructed huskily.
Steve felt his entire mouth go dry and he was pretty sure his mouth hung open a little. He blinked dumbly at Tony as his entire mind just froze. Was he serious? Because if he was serious…he couldn’t pass this up. He
“Are you looking forward to tomorrow?” Steve asked as he curled his fingers into Tony’s palm and ran them along his fingers. Tony’s fingers curled along with his and he could see him lightly bite his tongue, which meant he liked it. So he did it again in soft, repetitive motions.
As soon as he walked in, Happy looked surprised to see him. “Didn’t expect to see you here now that you know Tony doesn’t work on Saturdays.”
“Oh, yeah,” he agreed. He was already here, and it would be rude not to order something after walking in just because Tony wasn’t there. Besides, what if Happy told Tony about this – that would be mortifying and tipping his hand far sooner than he wanted. He walked up to the counter and worked on pulling his card out. “I just don’t know what I usually get. It’s some version of an Americano.”
Ugh Steve, you got so close! Will he be able to buck it up tomorrow?
A voice perked up behind him, and he could tell it belonged to a teenage boy before he even looked over his shoulder. “Uh yeah, that’s because aside from me and Captain Handsome over here, no one else
“I don’t know Bucky…” he sighed. It seemed completely contrary to everything he thought he should do. Sure he needed to fix things up with Tony and let him know he was single, but to then swing all the way to asking him out? It didn’t seem like the right time.
Tony shook his head as he looked back over at Steve. “Well you heard my son, I guess I’m not really doing anything. Why?”
As soon as they were inside Tony turned to face Steve and grabbed both his hands in his own. Throughout the night they had both instigated their share of physical contact, which was great: it meant they were both invested and both craved each other’s touch. “I had a feeling we’d get a little more privacy in here.”
Time continued to pass – seven o’clock…seven fifteen…seven thirty…eight o’clock…nine o’clock… The morning continued on. Customers walked in and out of the coffee shop. The morning rush died down. But there was still no sign of Steve.
Tony gave him an honest almost flirtatious smile that Steve just adored. “I’m looking forward to tomorrow too.”
The kid put down his phone and he could swear there was a flicker of a glare before he responded. “Hey Steve.”
Steve pressed a kiss deep into Tony’s hair as he squeezed him tight. “Because you were betrayed, and that hurt never goes away. Yeah, you made the best of it, because you’re a fighter, but you were still betrayed. You’re not upset that you lost the company, you’re upset it got taken away by someone you trusted.”
He distinctly heard someone in the line behind him whisper “smooth”, and he would have laughed if he wasn’t so focused on Tony’s reaction. It was a little complicated to read – he definitely saw shock and indecision and excitement, and then a bunch he hadn’t learned yet. He was getting good at reading some of Tony’s facial expressions, but he definitely hadn’t mastered them all.
That…was a great question. He knew the answer to that question, of course he did, but he didn’t want to own up to any of the real reasons he wanted to stay. Unfortunately, he hadn’t planned ahead enough to realize that he probably needed to find an excuse for changing up his routine. Honestly, the real reason he wanted to stay wasn’t because of his butt (contributing factor though), or his smile (also contributing factor), but because he wanted to have a chance to talk to Tony, get to know him. He felt like he needed to, before he let this go any further – whatever this was.
“Oh yeah?” Tony challenged as he leaned in over his side of the counter so they were dangerously close to each other again. “How many hints would I get for a kiss?”
“We’ll figure something out,” Tony agreed. “Maybe we can talk about it tonight? Pete’s a pretty open kid.”
Steve blushed slightly at being so obvious. Tony was absolutely right there were
Steve chuckled as he walked up to the counter. “And today is reminding me why I do. But Tony, this is Bucky. Bucky, Tony,” he introduced simply. “I’ve been telling him nonstop about this place and the coffee and he wanted to give it a try.”
He walked into the shop five minutes early, and he wasn’t surprised when Tony greeted him with a forced smile. “Oh, hi Steve. You’re a little early today. You want your regular?” He sounded conversational and polite, but Steve knew it was hollow. He didn’t quite know what Tony was feeling – anger, hurt, disappointment – but it was probably a combination of all of them.
“Well well, look who’s here,” Tony remarked as he saw him approach the register. “Did you forget something yesterday?”
Tony furrowed his brow at the pause, but seemed to let it go as he sighed and slumped his shoulders. “Really Steve, it’s fine. It’s just…a bad anniversary.”
you,” he stressed, and to punctuate his point he slid a hand down under Steve’s pants to grip around him.
Tony seemed to notice the same because he pulled away and looked behind Steve before he started entering an order into the computer, but he did it with just one hand so the other could remain encased in Steve’s broad hands. Steve finally forced himself to break contact, and he slowly slid his hands away from Tony’s to reach for his wallet and grab his card. He paid for his coffee and muffin and retreated to his spot. He did manage to cast an apologetic look at the people in line behind him, but they didn’t seem mad at all and all gave him thumbs ups and silent cheers for his victory.
“I’ll text you right now,” Steve promised as he retreated to his usual spot, his phone already out to save Tony’s number. If something happened to that business card before he was able to program that number in, he would never forgive himself, so he wasn’t wasting any time. He saved the contact and sent him a quick text that just said “Steve” so he knew it was from him before he put his phone away. Maybe someone more clever than him would have attached an emoji to that text, but he wasn’t really an emoji kind of guy; call it old fashioned but he preferred words over pictures. Besides, he had better things to focus on right now, like the joyous sway of Tony’s hips. He was clearly in a good mood, and Steve was overjoyed that he was able to bring that out in him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You mean…so he’s not in the back or anything?” Steve asked as he felt his hope and enjoyment deflate. A huge weight of disappointment dropped in his stomach and he tried so hard not to let it echo on his face, but he was pretty sure that was a losing battle because Happy gave him this sympathetic look.
“No no no! This is good! I’m not—I’m just so happy!” Pete exclaimed, his face shining with joy. “No Steve, he really needed this! He’s needed to date someone for a long time and he talks about you all the time at home!”
He leaned up against the counter, making sure he caught Tony’s gaze. “I’ve been dreading tomorrow since last Saturday.”
Tony grinned as he swiped his card and returned it to him with a kiss. Steve gave him a wink before he sat down at his usual spot. He turned to Pete, taking the time to chat with him. Now that they were officially dating, his next step was to get to know Pete more. He remembered how touched Tony was that he included Pete yesterday, so he intended to involve him even more going forward.
It did bring a grin onto Tony’s face and he swatted at his shoulder playfully. “That was terrible, but you’re also not wrong. Now go get your hot self over to your spot while I make your all-American drink; you get free coffee today too.”
Using his military training, he padded across the café until he was right behind him. He wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and tucked him close against his body. He heart Tony yelp “Steve!” as he dropped the mop, and Steve laughed as he nuzzled his face into the top of his head. “Good morning,” he finally said.
“How’s everything?” he asked him as he sat in his usual chair. Maybe there was something going on in their personal lives that was the cause of all this stiffness between them?
Tony,” he gasped, and as he pressed his lips back onto Tony’s for another crushing kiss, he could feel Tony smirk against that kiss.
Steve laughed, a genuine laugh that broke the tension and the seriousness of their conversations. Tony joined him in the laugh and it was like this tangible cloud that had been smothering them and pressing down on them was lifted with that laugh. They were back to sniping each other and teasing him about his looks and it just felt better. It wasn’t completely back to normal, but for the first time Steve had a feeling it would be okay. It was going to take some more work, but it was going to be okay.
“Impromptu award huh?” Tony asked as he raised his eyebrows. “What for?”
He was at the coffee shop early, but he didn’t care. He needed to talk to Tony before he lost his zen. Unfortunately when he got to the shop there was someone in line before him. He could feel that anxiety creeping up at having to wait, but he just focused on the reason for why he needed to do this. He felt so disappointed in himself for failing yesterday and he was not going to let that happen again just because one person stood in front of him in line.
Tony shifted nervously and looked at the register to input Steve’s order, looking like he needed to be busy, but Steve caught a brief flicker of something positive (he wouldn’t go as far as to say happy, but definitely a positive emotion) in his eyes. Steve let him have his moment and his distraction, letting him ring him up as he dropped a cinnamon roll onto the counter. But as he handed him back his card, he met Steve’s eyes and simply said “Well now I know.”
Tony looked like he also might have noticed it, because he looked a little uneasy and cast his eyes about the room for a moment before he focused back on Steve. “Oh you know, the usual. Relaxing, keeping off my feet, watching TV. Pete and I have a standard hangout every Saturday night where we—“
easy.” And he clearly seemed content to let that hint hang in the air before he went to his next customer, who just gushed with happiness that they were finally going on a date. He felt a wave of embarrassment at being played so well and disappointment to be denied something he had been yearning for, but he had to remind himself this was for the better. He originally planned to kiss Tony on Saturday and to take him on this surprise date and now he had a chance to do it. Besides, Tony all but promised him a first kiss on Saturday, and he decided to hold onto that promise.
Tony slid behind the counter and Steve quickly paid for his coffee so he didn’t hold anyone else up more than they already had, though it really could have only been a minute or two. As he sat watching Tony make his coffee (actually it was more like he watched Tony’s butt make coffee) he thought of their date again than night with great excitement. “So do I get any hints about our date tonight?” Steve asked.
“…Really good,” he said honestly. “And it’ll be ever better once you’re at the counter.”
“Well good. Looks like your seat is open then, and I’ll bring your coffee right over,” Tony promised, and Steve had no issues sliding into his usual perch that allowed him to watch the beautiful dance that was Tony making coffee. Sometimes the music would hit just right and Tony would start dancing slightly to it while he waited for the espresso to drip, and Steve lived for those moments.
He wanted to finish with that, it was sitting there, dancing on his tongue, but he swallowed it down. This wasn’t the right time.
He leaned up against the bar as Steve walked over, that smirk still present on his face. It was almost like he knew how much he liked it. “Same as yesterday? Or will you at least switch your pastry? I promise there are more options than a blueberry muffin.”
Tony groaned. “Well we both know that isn’t going to happen.”
Tony kissed him back, but immediately Steve could tell something was wrong. He was distracted and not present, which was so weird for Tony, especially when he walked into the room. “Morning Steve,” he returned, and it felt strangely hollow. It wasn’t the usual flirty, happy greeting he was used to getting, but it was almost like Tony wasn’t present in the moment, like his mind was somewhere else.
Steve laughed, and god if his laughs didn’t seem truer and happier after yesterday. “Alright fine, you can pick.”
“Then let’s get closer,” he agreed. “Just tell me what you need.” As much as he wanted try to become one person right here right now, they were in a kitchen while Tony was on the clock – that could only end badly.
You did it Steve! The relationship finally, officially begins! I sure made you wait long enough, but hopefully the build was worth it.
He had to wait to answer because he honestly couldn’t form words right now he was just so happy, but that wait gave enough time for Pete to stand up, his hands gesticulating wildly in excitement. “Wait wait are you—I can’t believe this. Did you…you finally asked him out?! You finally did it! Thank God!”
Tony whimpered as he pulled him into another passionate kiss. Right now, it seemed like that connection was the only way they could become one person, and neither of them could bear the thought of stopping and becoming two separate people again.
Steve grinned and gave Tony another quick peck before he retreated. “We should go on dates every night if I get free coffee the next day,” he commented idly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re going to distract me,” he warned, but even as he gave his warning he opened up his neck to give Steve more space.
Tony groaned and it was clear he had the same desire Steve had – save their first kiss for their first date - but it was still a fun tool to use for teasing. “Can you at least let me know what I should wear?” he pleaded.
When the coffee arrived, it was in to go cups, and Steve realized Tony never asked if he was going to stick around. He’d asked for the past couple of days, and that request usually came with some kind of comment about how happy he was that Steve stuck around. Was this a subtle sign he wanted him to leave? It all left him feeling a little queasy, and he took a sip of his coffee to help calm his stomach. “Perfect, like usual Tony,” he smiled.
“Oh, right. Yeah.” Something about his attitude made Steve think he was resistant to the idea, which was weird. Tony always made it seem like his ability to pick someone’s ideal drink was this shop’s claim to fame, and he would teasingly berate customers when they wouldn’t take his advice. “Yeah! I can do that.” He gave his arms a little shake before he gave Bucky a closer look. “Pretty boy like you…looks like a macchiato fan.”
“Well the anniversary of a day that uprooted your whole life…that’s a big deal, right?” he explained as he rocked Tony slowly from side-to-side. “Even if that change ends up being good. It would be for me. The only thing I could think of that’s similar is the day I joined the army. It was a good thing and I don’t regret doing it, but it changed everything about my life. But I chose that. What happened to you, you didn’t choose that, and you were forced to change your life. That’s hard.”
But it seemed like those reassurances fell on deaf ears as the flustered and worried barista tried to make it through the rest of the day. Even for his last customers of the day, he still looked up hoping for his Captain Americano. He only resigned himself to the fact that Steve wasn’t coming when he turned the sign on the door to CLOSED with a sad, crestfallen look on his face. All he could do was hope for tomorrow.
Finally Tony’s face settled into a smile, and he reached a hand across the counter to touch Steve’s. His breath hitched as warm joy raced through him from where they touched, soothing his churning stomach and filling him with hope. “Just tell me where and when.”
Steve arrived much later than usual to the café, well after nine in the morning, but he didn’t seem at all concerned. He had a phenomenal night and woke up to an even better morning, and he had the owner of this coffee shop to thank for it. He waltzed into the shop, positively glowing like the sun. He caught Tony’s eye, which brought a warm and happy glow to his face. He knew it had only been about an hour and a half since he saw him, but he already missed him. He waited his turn, though not patiently, before he walked up to the counter and favored Tony with a smile that set his eyes twinkling.
“Good thing you did, because otherwise I’d get real fat,” Steve teased.
This time he sat at Pete’s table, which came as a bit of a shock to the kid. “Hey kid, how was the trip?” he asked, genuinely wanting to know how it went. He wasn’t joking when he said he wanted to make Pete a part of his life.
He’d come to terms with thinking about love. He hung out with Bucky last night and like always, he pulled it out of him. He said it was all over his face that he was thinking it and didn’t even need to say it, which was embarrassing. But he decided the more he fought the thoughts, the more prevalent they would become. He had to address them, accept them, and keep them to himself until it was the right time to tell Tony. Because while they had come such a long ways since that first flirty meeting, he didn’t know if Tony would appreciate him moving fast. It wasn’t because he was afraid Tony wouldn’t respond – those same emotions were coming from him too during those kisses – but he didn’t know if Tony’s history of being betrayed by people he cared about made him wary. His heart may be ready for that step, but Tony’s anxiety about what happened to him before might get in the way. Sure he’d admitted he hadn’t really been in a relationship before, but what happened with Tony’s father figure had hurt him and emotionally scarred him and he didn’t want to push him sooner than he was ready.
Happy sighed. “Alright, one attempt at a Captain Americano coming your way.”
He tapped his temple knowingly as a smirk played across his features – well there was another image that was going to follow him the rest of the day. “I’ve got a good memory for this kind of stuff. Just got a knack for remembering people’s orders. And I definitely wouldn’t forget pecs like those.”
“No, hang on, I have something to say,” he interrupted in one big breath, and he didn’t even have time to focus on Tony’s shocked expression before he just continued on. “I like you Tony. A lot. And yesterday I asked if you had plans because I want to take you on a date.”
“You hear that Pete?” Tony asked as he looked behind him. “He’s trusting you with his coffee.”
Steve hung out near the bar, but didn’t take his usual seat. Now that he knew where Pete sat, it felt weird to see his booth empty. Saturday was just an odd day in the café. Even the crowd was different – there were still some regulars like him that came in, but he could tell that everyone who usually came in before work was absent. It just made it all seem so lifeless, and he didn’t envy Happy’s job to try and keep everyone happy on Saturday, but it also helped him understand why Tony decided to take this day off too.
Tonight was another date night. And even more importantly, this was the first date they would go on as boyfriends. That meant something important to him, to officially say he was going on a date with his boyfriend. It made this all even more real, and he loved it. He wanted to say he had this huge night planned for their first official date as boyfriends, but he really didn’t. Every other date night had been in public, and even when they interacted on a daily basis they had to tone things down because they were in public. And then when they finally got some privacy, they were so starved for physical affection they threw themselves on each other and didn’t stop until the afterglow. He wasn’t complaining – he loved the sex and he loved the dates he’d been on, but he wanted something more intimate tonight, and with Pete out of the house, he intended for the entire date to happen at Tony’s flat.
Steve picked this time to wander again, looking at the photographs on the walls, especially the one of the inside of a car engine. He really knew nothing about cars or engines, but he could admire the beauty and the complexity of the machine.
“Baseball game was totally Dad’s idea, and I’m not lying,” Pete said quickly, almost like he was trying to beat his answer to Steve’s question.
Steve laughed but he shook his head. “Oh no, going price for the hint is still a kiss. It was your idea and I think it’s a pretty good one.” If Tony thought he could plant that idea in his head and then take it away without some kind of turnabout, he was mistaken.
Thank you! <3
Thank you all for your wonderful support! I'm so pleased to see how many of you have been enjoying this! I'm truly honored that you've taken time out of your days to read this. It's been a pleasure writing for all of you.
Steve kissed and sucked on his neck, spurred on by Tony’s whimpers. “Then tell me to stop,” he challenged.
“Just for the coffee?” Tony asked as he leaned against the counter.
Happy gave a long-suffering sigh. “Yeah, you must be a regular. Look, I’ll check the system and see if I can figure out what he does to make it special, but he never shares that stuff with me. Between you and me, I think he likes feeling special.”
He tried not to think about it as he drank his coffee. Like yesterday, Tony continued to talk to him while he made coffee for other people, and he kept getting signs that he was interested in him, but it just left him confused. He got Tony to open up about Pete, how his mom had left him when he was young and Tony stepped up to raise him. Pete even made sure to point out that his dad hadn’t dated anyone since he was young, which Steve felt like was an odd thing to point out, but he did feel better knowing Tony wasn’t in a current relationship. As much as Pete’s existence threatened his plan and everything he hoped to get out of his interactions with Tony, he couldn’t deny Pete was clever and witty and seemed to be just a good kid. And if a relationship with Tony was still even on the table, he wouldn’t mind Pete hanging around. He just hated the doubt his existence created.
He took an extra lap around the block before he felt his resolve was strong enough to walk into the doors of Jumpstart. He saw Tony standing there at the counter, and he looked up and gave him this heartfelt smile that made Steve’s heart melt. He felt a rush of that same warm, giddy euphoria just be seeing him smile, and no matter how hard he tried to deny it all morning, just like yesterday, he couldn’t deny that was love.
Steve’s face lit up in happiness. He knew he didn’t need Pete’s permission – Tony was a grown man and could make the decision on whether he wanted to officially date him or not. He also knew the kid wouldn’t argue about them being boyfriends either. But he wanted that permission. He wanted Pete’s input and involvement in this decision and mostly he wanted to show Tony he cared about Pete’s input. He knew Tony and Pete were a packaged deal, and by involving Pete in this decision, he hoped it showed that he was aware of that and still wanted this.
He shook his head again before he turned to the pastry case. “Can we do the banana nut muffin today? I really need the potassium.” That run hit him a little harder than usual and he still had other physical exercise planned for the day.
Steve faltered slightly. He knew he hadn’t flat out said he liked him, but he had thought he was being pretty transparent about how much he liked him. Of course he wanted Tony to know he was available. Unless Tony was just asking it to try and save face? He couldn’t really see why, but he pushed forward anyways. “Just to, you know, set the record straight. I’m actually not dating anyone.”
Steve smiled at him as he took his card and sat down in his usual spot. He barely had time to get a good glimpse at Tony’s butt before he heard Pete strike up conversation behind him. “So you’re not dating Bucky?”
(I know it's short, there's a reason, I promise - and it's not laziness).
Steve turned curiously to look at Bucky. What was going on? They made a deal – Bucky would use his gaydar to assuage his fears, and Steve would buy him coffee for getting up so early – so why was he going back on that now when he had been so insistent? Were things worse off than he thought and Bucky was just trying to be nice? “Oh, I thought I was treating you,” Steve countered lamely.
Tony sighed. “I can’t even tease that it wasn’t. This weekend was…it was perfect, Steve.” He grabbed his hands and held them before he leaned over to kiss him on the lips. If Steve had to pick a word to describe that kiss, it would almost be…lovingly, but it was still too soon for that kind of description, right?
“Thanks Happy,” he replied with a warm smile. It was a little infuriating that he hadn’t tripped over his words at all while he was here, but with Tony he could barely get his words out.
“No! No I’ll be—I’ll be quiet. Look I’m going to sit down and not talk anymore but—please don’t take this away from me!” he pleaded.
“I know! It’s great right?” he grinned before he turned his attention back to the coffee he was sorting, like he was trying to be helpful.
He got up to the counter and saw Tony stifle a yawn, which made him smile. “Looks like you didn’t get enough sleep last night,” he pointed out before kissing him hello.
That question seemed to brighten his expression and made his eyes sparkle. “Trusting the expert: you are a smart man…” he gestured for Steve to finish the sentence, and it took him an embarrassingly long time to pick up on that because he was too distracted with that sparkle in his eyes.
He was so close he could feel Tony’s breath catch at how close they were. “Nah, I like the thought of kissing you here. It just feels…right.”
Steve chuckled as he ran his fingers through Tony’s hair, happy to let him save face. “I know, it’s cruel of me to hold you after a run.”
“I know, but I still missed you,” he murmured, not shy about saying it because it was true. He always missed him; even before they made their feelings known for each other he still missed him. The date just made him miss his touch as well as his presence.
“I thought about that this morning,” Tony smiled as he curled his fingers against Steve’s hand. “I like the sound of that.”
He felt Tony shift against him. His hands were no longer fisted in his shirt, but wrapped around him in a tight hole. “I only buried my face in your chest because you smell so good,” Tony finally said. “I couldn’t fight it anymore.”
“You know,” Tony finally said after taking a moment to process “I’m not always at Jumpstart and sometimes Pete and Happy cover for me, and they’re not always reliable with messages, and I’d hate to let those messages fall through the cracks, so…I’ll give you my cell. Just in case. Plus texting, more convenient, right?”
Steve shook his head. “No Pete, look we really appreciate the offer yesterday, but you don’t have to leave the house every time we have a date. You have a right to your house too.” He did not want this blossoming relationship to uproot Pete’s life. He knew going into this date that Tony’s priority in life was his son, and he wasn’t about to take that away. Besides, they didn’t have to end every date in sex…right? But looking at Tony’s butt again…that would be real difficult.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well yeah,” he said, like it was obvious. “He’s a big part of your life, and if we officially become boyfriends, I’d be a big part of his life just like he’d be a big part of mine. Of course I wanted his say on if I could come into that life or not.”
He could tell that Tony was trying to be glib about his return, but he could easily see the relief spread across his face. Did that mean he missed him? Was he afraid he wouldn’t come back? He felt bad if his missing day caused him any worry or stress, but he also felt a sick sort of happiness that he cared that much that he was gone. He gave him an apologetic look that was genuine and honest. “I’m sorry Tony, apparently the meeting ended in me getting called down to DC. Nothing bad, just an impromptu award ceremony,” he explained.
He felt his face turn redder and he grabbed the coffee and took a sip as a way to shut himself up before he said something else stupid. “Okay well uh, see you tomorrow?” he finally asked as he left.
It was all too much. Everything about Tony aroused him and he had been fighting a losing battle since they first kissed, but he couldn’t fight it anymore. He swelled thick and heavy against Tony. When he thought about the point of no return, this was what he had been referring to. He hit the point where he didn’t want to stop,
Tony blushed as he purposefully kept his gaze on Pete, but he never moved his hand. “Yeah, definitely school.”
“No I—I get it,” Steve replied, feeling a little tongue-tied himself after that dizzying experience. He watched Tony stumble a bit back over to the register and try to engage with a customer, but it was clear he was frazzled. Steve just smiled, his face absolutely glowing as he tried to turn back to Pete to continue their conversation. Pete had this infuriatingly knowing look on his face, and he tried to ignore it and work past it. He tried to stay focused on Pete, he really did, but he kept stealing glances at Tony, and it was clear Tony was stealing glances at him, because they would both blush when they caught each other’s glances. And his hand still tingled where Tony had touched it.
Steve pretended to pout. “Fine, I won’t, but your coffee sure is swell.” He danced out of the way as Tony flicked a towel in his direction with a laugh. Everything just felt so natural with him, so easy. He never struggled with what to say or how to act and he just felt
Steve took in a long deep breath before letting it all out in one quick exhale. “I’ll try,” was the only promise he could make. This was worse than when Tony was gone for the day, worse than when he feared Tony might be straight or married. This was something that could actually interfere with the progress of their relationship, and it happened because he was too scared to say something. Maybe Bucky was right? Maybe he did need to say something, to make his intentions a little more obvious? It didn’t seem right, and he was honestly scared it would blow up in his face, but he had to do something to fix this. He had to.
Tony looked at him seriously, and god was it hard to read his face. “No Steve, I heard it. You said you loved me. You said it, so now I have to ask: did you mean it?” There was a slight touch of vulnerability at the end of that question – it would have been hard to recognize if he hadn’t comforted him two days ago – but otherwise he couldn’t tell what Tony was thinking. He didn’t sound mad though, which he considered to be a good sign.
He could feel Tony’s eyes studying his face. “No you…you definitely said… Hang on.” He separated from Steve abruptly and pulled him along as best he could to the back room. “I’m not having this discussion in public. Pete?”
“Yeah I’m uh, training for a marathon – how did you know I was running?” he asked curiously.
“Monday it is! I bet we can get Happy to close,” Tony added. “But I’m warning you Steve, my son’s a math genius and I’ve always killed at bowling and pool, so you might regret this.”
That brought a smile to Steve’s face, knowing that Tony was still keeping his blend a secret. “Yup, that coffee,” he said as he presented his card.
Steve chuckled, pulling a smile on his face. He really didn’t know Tony that well, but it just seemed to fit the man that was forming in his mind.
“It’s the sport coat, what can I say,” he grinned as he pulled on the collar of the item in question. “It’s a callback to my earlier dating days – I’m surprised it still fits,” he chuckled nervously.
“Yes! That sounds great! But…can we do Monday?” he asked as he bit his lip nervously. “We’re actually doing a field trip to DC this weekend – I leave tomorrow morning – but I get back Sunday and I shouldn’t have a lot of homework so I could totally do Monday!”
“Nothing, just asking Pete’s permission for something,” Steve replied, trying to sound casual about it, but he could tell that caught Tony’s interest.
Tony set down a bag of coffee beans and turned to face Steve. “Already dreading tomorrow?” he asked with a smirk, and Steve was very happy to be greeted with that smirk. Today was already going better than yesterday.
“It was perfect,” Steve agreed as he returned the kiss with the same level of emotion, whatever that emotion was. It wasn’t love, it couldn’t be, not yet. “Best weekend of my life, and I’m not even joking about that.”
Tony just chuckled. “You too Steve. You know, three days in a row you’ve come in here at 6:55 on the dot. You’re like clockwork. You got your run timed out that well?” he asked over the sounds of the espresso machine.
Steve sighed in defeat and he squeezed Tony’s hands. “…I did,” he admitted. “I know it’s too soon and I’m probably freaking you out, but I’ve been thinking it for days and I guess I couldn’t hold it in anymore.” He met Tony’s eyes as his brow creased with pure honesty. “But yes, I love you Tony.”
He knew the person probably took a normal amount of time to order her drink, but it felt like an eternity, and he practically sprang forward as soon as she was out of the line. “Morning Tony,” he greeted, feeling like he had to say something.
“So Steve, are you going to stay again?” Tony asked after Steve paid for his usual coffee and muffin. He could swear he heard a hopeful tone in that question, but it could be his own hopes bleeding into what he heard. “Because if you are, then I’ll make your coffee in an actual mug. You know, doing my part for the environment,” he added, trying to sound casual.
He gave him what he hoped was a coy smile. “Whichever one you want to give me.”
Tony frowned slightly, and Steve hoped it was because he didn’t like anything getting in the way of their time in the mornings. To Steve, this time was sacred, and he hoped Tony felt the same way. “Well at least Pete’s been here to keep me company, since you decided to be late and all,” Tony replied, and he moved aside to show Pete behind the counter.
He somehow caught Tony’s eyes shifting towards him and he wrenched his gaze away from Tony’s butt and back up at his face. He couldn’t quite tell from his smirk if he knew he was checking him out or not, but he was going to pretend that he didn’t. “Nope, that is
He curled his hand in Tony’s hair, kissing him with all the love and passion he could muster. “I love you, Tony,” he finally panted out. “I love you. I love you.” He’d say it a million times, as many times as Tony wanted to hear. He would never grow tired of saying it.
“I do know better, but I couldn’t resist,” he chuckled. “Especially when you were bent over slightly and all I could see was this.” He made a quick grab at his butt before he released it. He knew they were still in public and Pete could walk out of the back room any minute, but he couldn’t deny that quick opportunity.
Tony broke their hot, steamy kiss and Steve took the chance to gulp down fresh air. “Don’t be shy,” Tony panted as he nipped at his bottom lip, which made Steve shiver. “I took my prize, so you should take yours.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh uh, I started a new job today and I thought I might change things up in celebration,” he finally decided to say. It wasn’t a complete lie, but it was absolutely not the reason. Starting a new job was actually a better reason to do the opposite and leave so he could ensure he was at work early, but that didn’t matter right now.
He ran a hand through Tony’s hair as he kissed him back, not caring about anyone else in the room except for Tony. It was like he could see into Tony’s heart and see how touched he was that he involved Pete and how much he loved the gesture of asking him. He could feel his feelings for him and his wonder that they found each other, and he loved every moment. It was intimate in a way nothing else between them had been as they shared this true emotional moment, and he wanted it to last forever.
Steve distinctly heard Pete throw himself back against his chair, and he had to say he felt the same disappointment. He knew Tony wasn’t going to immediately recover and he knew he had a lot to make up for, but he had been hoping his hints would go better than this. Some part of him remembered what Bucky said, that he should clear the air and then ask him out. Was he waiting for him to ask him out? Was he trying to get him to cut through all the leading bullshit and just come right out and say it? He wanted to, he wanted to so badly, but he just felt this wasn’t the right time. He still couldn’t get a good read on him, and he didn’t want to mess up this pivotal moment.
“Hey, do you want to help with the coffee or not,” Tony asked, refusing to look in Steve’s direction. Pete rushed over to help, and Steve had fun watching the two of them interact. Tony was such a good dad to him, attentive and caring and clearly devoted to him. It was heartwarming to watch them interact. Steve had never known his father: he died before he was born and his mother didn’t have the time to remarry before she was diagnosed with MS and passed away when he was young. Sure Bucky’s family had taken him in after that, but he never really considered Bucky’s dad a father either. But when he thought of a dad and what he would have loved to see in one, he saw those same qualities in how Tony interacted with Pete. He just knew he was a good father to him, and it only made his heart yearn for Tony more that he could be such a wonderful dad to his son.
Being called out like that shook him out of his examination of the room, and he looked over to the bar to officially place an order. He felt his mouth go a little dry as he looked at the man behind the counter. He was an older man, with a little bit of greying in the sides of his dark hair. His goatee was cut in a very unique shape that actually framed his face perfectly, and when he stood just right the light would catch a flicker of gold in his brown eyes. He carried himself like a man who was used to being trim and fit but had recently put on weight, though honestly it didn’t really look like that much. But honestly, the only description Steve wanted to attach to him was beautiful.
Steve just groaned. “No, but just ask for it anyways.” When Tony seemed hesitant he gave his hands another squeeze. “It’ll be worth it, I promise.”
“I saw the way you cooked Friday night – you’re not touching them,” Tony said with a teasing grin as he pulled out bulk ingredients from cupboards and shelves with the rote memory of someone who had done this many times. “You are, however, allowed to touch me,” he suggested as he craned his neck around to give Steve a wink.
Steve laughed gaily, unable to hold the poker face he usually could with his jokes. “Only a little. It’s gonna be a surprise, so I was thinking we should meet here.”
He knew what he was thanking him for. He was thanking him for dating him and caring for him. He was thanking him for embracing Pete and not seeing it as a complication. He was thanking him for just being him. The fact that he was thanking him, meant he saw those as burdens or things he had to work around, which wasn’t true at all. These pieces Tony was thanking him for accepting, they were part of what made Tony the man he cared deeply about, and he didn’t need to thank him for that. But he also didn’t know how to argue that, and really he didn’t want to, so he just smiled and kissed him softly again. “Anything for you, Tony.” And he truly meant it too.
Tony had leaned in to place the coffee near him; it would be so easy to lean in and close the gap between them. He felt this strong sense of need surge through him to close the gap, to kiss those beautiful, soft lips. He’d imagined kissing them so many times, but after feeling so much electricity just from a touch, he knew a kiss would feel a million times more incredible. He wanted it so badly – his body cried out for it – but he knew he couldn’t go for it. That was definitely too bold.
Steve headed back to his usual spot at the counter, beckoning for Bucky to follow. As he walked over, he noticed Pete sitting in the same spot as yesterday (honestly, he wasn’t sure how he hadn’t noticed him before since he passed by him every day). “Hey Pete,” he greeted.
It was hard to believe it had been a month. It had officially been thirty days since he first walked into Jumpstart, an innocent trip that would end up changing his life forever. It sounded dramatic, but even if they didn’t stay together forever (although he really hoped they did) he knew just knowing Tony would permanently change him. It felt so fast, like the month had happened in a blur, but at the same time it felt agonizingly slow, especially when he was struggling to ask Tony out. And now as the world transitioned into July, he was prepared to start his July with the man he loved.
He had to agree. No matter how incredible their kisses felt, they weren’t close enough. He needed to be inside him, filling him with his love, getting as close to one being as they could possibly get. He heard a Greek myth once that humans were created with four arms, a head, and two faces. Their union was so powerful that Zeus split them into two separate parts and condemned them to spend the rest of their lives finding their other half. And while they never could rejoin with their other half, there were times they could get close. He was a Catholic so he didn’t really believe that myth, but if there was one time when he felt an overwhelming desire to be one with another person, with his other half, it was this moment.
That caught him off-guard, and he stared in shock at Tony. No…oh no. No no. He had said it? How had he said it? He sure as hell had been thinking it after a kiss like that, but he thought he had a lid on it! He had a million reasons why he wasn’t going to say it, and he thought for sure those would hold out. Oh God, what had he done?
He spent the time Tony made his drink chatting with Pete. It was pretty basic questions: how old was he (fourteen), did he have any hobbies (Lego and taking apart electronics), did he have an idea on a career yet (engineer like his dad), was he dating anyone (ew, no) – the usual. He learned a lot about Tony’s son, certainly enough to be impressed by him, and he enjoyed talking to him. He was a good kid, had this nice nerdy charm that was endearing, and Seve could clearly see Pete worshipped his dad. As he talked with Pete, he would occasionally steal glances at Tony (specifically his butt) and he could tell Tony was watching them interact. A glowing warmth settled on Tony’s face that he hadn’t seen yet, and he knew he had made the right choice.
Steve laughed but happily drank his coffee as he heard Tony talk to the next guest. “Sorry for the delay, potential boyfriend and all, had to keep him in my thrall. What can I get you?”
Steve shrugged, though he blushed slightly at being called out. “I’ll have you know I come here for the coffee,” he argued, and boy wasn’t that a lie.
His eyes immediately went to Tony, and he was pleased to see that he wasn’t the only one with a little extra pep that morning. Tony danced absent-mindedly to the music as he made someone else’s order, and as soon as he looked up to meet eyes with Steve his face broke out into a wide grin. “Well good morning, handsome,” he greeted.
“Oh, yeah, sure thing,” he said, and it sounded like he was being jerked out of some deep thoughts. He slid the stick into the hole in the lid, and his hand lingered on the coffee cup. Steve saw his opportunity and reached for the cup, letting their fingers touch again. That same electricity pulsed through him and made his heart beat rapidly. He looked up at Tony and their eyes met and he just held that gaze. His body cried out again for some other kind of touch, something more than just their fingers brushing against each other, but he knew he couldn’t. He had to ask him out first, and he knew today was not a good day for that.
“Thanks kid. Not used to seeing you behind the counter,” he observed. It shouldn’t surprise him that arriving late just meant that everything else would be wrong too. Maybe Pete was always behind the counter this time of day? He actually had no idea.
Dinner at Tony’s favorite restaurant, a little local Italian place, had been just as magical. He name-dropped it once and Steve had an excellent memory and hoarded that name away for this specific reason. But despite his near perfect memory, he could barely even remember what he ate because all he remembered was Tony. He got to learn so much about the man who was stealing his heart. He learned that he was the previously famous Tony Stark, which was admittedly a shock because he had no idea, but in the end he had to assure Tony he didn’t actually care, which seemed important to Tony. But what he enjoyed hearing about most was about his life with Pete and the founding of Jumpstart. While they never resorted to feeding each other, they must have made for a pretty sickening display as they held hands, gazed into each other’s eyes, and absolutely played footsie under the table.
He grabbed the coffee and started to leave before the barista spoke again. “Wait, aren’t you going to try it first? I promised I’d make you something else if you don’t like it, remember?”
Steve pretended to pout as he shook his head. “You both don’t know what you’re missing, honestly.”
“Yes!” Pete blurted out loudly, so loud it caught the attention of the entire café, including Tony who gave him a suspicious look.
To say their date went great was an understatement. It was the best date he had ever been on. Watching Tony’s delight inside the car museum had confirmed two things for Steve: that he had done a damn good job picking a date, and he was falling very deeply for Tony. He didn’t think he could say love yet, which was a good and healthy thing, but he was a lot closer to it than he thought he had ever been after just one date. Everything Tony did - the look of joy he got seeing a car, the excited rambling about the car or the engine and how it worked, the way he would keep touching him or holding him – it brought him pure happiness. His heart was so full and it felt like his entire body glowed with warmth and light, and he knew it was because of Tony. He had always been sure of a physical attraction to Tony (and boy was that emphasized tonight because watching Tony lean over cars with his incredible booty sticking out made raw, hot desire curl in his abdomen like nothing else had before) but now he could confirm a strong and beautiful emotional attraction to him as well.
“You are a smart man Steve. I like you. One cinnamon roll coming up. Trust me, it’s going to play off the flavors in the coffee so well you’ll never order another blueberry muffin again,” Tony grinned. He rang him up and gave him the cinnamon roll before fixing his coffee. “And if you haven’t been able to read my conveniently-placed nametag, I’m Tony.”
Steve’s forehead creased with worry for a brief moment before he answered. If he didn’t know any better, he’d say Tony was rushing him. “Of course, you know I’m not switching. And I’ll take your recommendation on a muffin too.”
Tony made his coffee in record time (their flirting had unfortunately created a line), but Steve gave a fake pout when he didn’t see the decorated layer of foam on his coffee. “What, no coffee art today?”
Looks like absence made the heart grow fonder! Are they actually taking steps towards something more than flirting?
“It really is good,” Bucky complimented. “Best macchiato I’ve ever had, really. I’d love to stay, but I gotta get to work. Steve, can I talk to you first though?” His question was very leading, and Steve immediately jumped up.
“I hope you’re not expecting me to help you bake,” Steve laughed as he leaned against the doorway. It was a little special to see the hidden back room where all the magic happened. He honestly loved his boyfriend’s muffins and it was an honor to witness him make those masterpieces.
Tony turned to give him that saucy look that he seemed to be fond of giving him (not that he minded). “Of course it tastes better in the mug, because then it comes with my company.”
He moved over to the counter and actually took a seat this time. He picked the one furthest in, which gave him the best view of Tony working at the espresso machine. Actually, it gave him the best view of Tony’s butt, but honestly that’s what he came down here for. “I think I might drink my coffee here today,” he decided. Honestly, there was no real reason to leave. They were conversing well, he had a perfect view of Tony’s butt, and he really had nowhere he needed to be for a few hours – he could afford to spend some time here.
“Well happy Monday Steve,” Tony greeted as Steve walked into the coffee shop. “You know, Happy and I were talking last night, and he thinks those shirts you wear might almost be indecent.”
“Good morning yourself,” he returned with an honest, gleeful smile. “How is my favorite barista this morning?”
He finally looked up at Steve and brought a hand up to rest alongside Steve’s cheek. “…And that’s why I love you.”
“Well if it’s illegal, then I can let go and you can go back to work,” he offered with a teasing smile.
Tony laughed – a rich sound that seemed to come from his very core and brought this wide, genuine smile to his face – and even though Steve was embarrassed about his stumbled excuse for an answer and being called out on missing him, he couldn’t help but savor that sound. His goal had been to make Tony laugh, and while this wasn’t the way he wanted to do it,  it was better than not hearing it at all. “Hey, it’s fine,” he assured him when he was sadly done laughing. “I’d miss me too. So, how about a real Americano today?”
He looked up at him in shock. “Ask him out? Seriously Bucky? After all this shit you want me to ask him out?”
Steve just shook his head but continued to talk to Pete. He was a cool kid and they had a surprisingly large amount of stuff in common, so he didn’t think he’d have a problem filling this conversation and the one tonight. And despite Tony’s warning about not running out of things to say, Steve could tell it brought an extra smile to Tony’s face that he defied his order and continued to talk to him anyways. God he lov--liked, liked it when Tony smiled like that, and he knew he wanted it to be his goal in life to make Tony radiate that happy smile all the time.
“That makes three of us,” Tony breathed, which made Steve glow as he exuded happiness. He could hold onto this moment forever, this blissful moment as he and Tony stared into each other’s eyes, their feelings for each other finally laid bare as he slowly stroked Tony’s soft hand with his rough fingers. It was intimate and wonderful and he never wanted it to end. But he felt a cool rush hit his back as the door to the café opened, and he realized there must be other people in line. He had already taken up so much time, and no matter how long he wanted this to last, it would be selfish to take up more of their time.
Steve stroked his chin like he was trying to think. “Average height, beautiful body, charming face, perfectly messy hair with just the right amount of salt and pepper, a sexy goatee, oh and the more amazing ass I’ve ever seen on a man. Oh, and did I say he was incredibly attractive?”
“My deal with Pete is that when he does well on a school project, he gets a reward, and for some reason that makes me doubt the mental sanity of my son, he always chooses to help behind the counter,” he shrugged, but there was a twinkle in his eye as he talked.
“Wait Tony, can’t you work your magic?” Steve interrupted. Something was going on, but giving Tony a chance to flaunt his skills would surely make things better...right?
“Absolutely not,” Steve grinned as he gave Tony an approving peck on the lips.
Steve jerked into his hand like the fires of pleasure themselves had touched him and his eyes rolled back into his head for just a moment. “Not as much as I need you,” he breathed back. If he didn’t have Tony now, he didn’t know what he would do.
He blushed furiously. Why would Happy have said that? It was a weird thing to bring up and he didn’t understand why Tony would care. “What? No I—I was just in a groove. Ran my personal best. It wasn’t—I just had a good run,” he finished lamely, trying to preserve some dignity. He knew seeing Tony was absolutely the reason he ran so fast, but he couldn’t admit that, especially not to Tony himself.
His son already jumped up and nodded and was at the register in a flash while Tony pulled Steve into the back room. He followed after him, still confused and slightly worried at what could have happened that ruined that beautiful moment. Happy apparently got the hint and vacated the room, leaving them alone. Some of his fears went away when Tony turned to face him and grabbed both his hands and brought them up between their chests. “Steve, you said love.”
Tony lifted an eyebrow. “Someone sounds sure of his decision.”
They finally broke the kiss, and he was glad to see that Tony looked about as dopey as he felt. That kiss it…wow. He felt like he could storm any fortress, run any marathon, hit a home run. He felt like if he jumped he would never come down because he was just so full of light.
“Say it again,” Tony pleaded between needy kisses. “I want to hear it again.”
Steve just smirked. “You did. You said I get free coffee and muffins after great dates. Are you going to tell me that this weekend wasn’t a great date?”
Steve did as he was told, taking a bite of the still-warm cinnamon bun and then chasing it down with a sip of that perfect coffee, and he was right, it was perfect. “Right again.”
That caught Steve’s attention. How did Tony know he was a Captain? Was he just taking a guess? He thought back on their previous exchanges and he remembered having his military ID in his wallet – was Tony actually paying enough attention to notice that? That…actually made him feel strangely happy that Tony took that much notice of him. “That sounds great,” he smiled, and paid for the coffee. He let Happy work, and it was clear that he only made coffee the days that Tony wasn’t here because he didn’t have the same fluid process making the coffee (watching Tony was almost like a dance). But he stuck with it and produced an Americano for him.
He finally tore his eyes away though as Pete came in from the back kitchen with more pastries. “Oh, hey Steve!” he greeted with a smile. “Sounds like you guys had a good time – at the museum,” he clarified quickly.
“My apartment is right above the shop,” Tony breathed out against him. “And Pete’s gone for the night. We have the whole place to ourselves. And don’t you dare get all noble on me because I
At three in the afternoon, on the dot, Steve stood waiting outside the café. He dressed pretty casual in a navy blue button down shirt that fit well everywhere except his shoulders and a pair of light-wash jeans. He leaned against the window of the shop as he scrolled idly on his phone. Surprisingly, he wasn’t nervous. He was excited and anxious for the date to start, but he wasn’t nervous. Everything just seemed so natural with Tony, and he wasn’t really expecting today to be any different. Really the only thing that would change is they could spend more time together and be more obvious about how they felt, and in Steve’s mind that could only be a positive thing.
“Steve, this really isn’t—“ Tony started to protest, but Steve interrupted him by pulling him into a close hug. One hand rested on his back and the other cradled the back of his head.
Pete’s face lit up as he turned to the front. “You won’t regret it sir--Captain!” he exclaimed before he rushed off to start the coffee.
Suddenly the lips were further away, and Steve realized Tony had pulled away and was laughing. “Just kidding, studmuffin: I don’t kiss until the first date. I’m easy, but I’m not
Steve stared at him quizzically, still trying to figure out what he meant. What wasn’t he going to ask him? It was clearly something personal, something he would be doing for himself, but what could that be?
“Well, if there are so many reasons, maybe you should warn me next time you’re going to disappear,” Tony suggested.
“Then it’s a date,” Steve grinned as he squeezed Tony’s hand.
“Right, yeah. See you tomorrow Tony?” he asked, voice filled with hope and anticipation.
The son continued to give reassuring answers to his questions, trying to hide his own anxiety. No, he hadn’t been too forward. No, he liked being complimented about the uniform. Maybe something had happened, but it seemed unlikely. No, if he got deployed he would have stopped by to say goodbye. He would definitely see him again. It was just an off day and he would be back again tomorrow.
“Um, I’m sorry, isn’t this our moment, not yours?” Tony asked as he hiked an eyebrow.
Tony placed the coffee on the counter, that beautiful smile still on his face as he met his eyes. “Right, for the coffee.”
There was an awkward moment of silence before Tony replied, and Steve thought it felt weird. That didn’t usually happen between them. If there was silence, it was intentional or because Tony was concentrating on making coffee, but this was something different. “Well hey, always happy to have some new customers,” he replied with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “So Steve, your usual?”
Today is the day - their first date!
Tony placed a hand on Steve’s shoulder and massaged it gently. “Oh that’s going to be an even shorter conversation than you think,” he laughed.
Steve groaned as he stretched his neck out for Tony instinctively, loving the feel of him being there. “You might not want to do that; I got really sweaty from my run and I bet I stink.”
“I’d love to know what you’re thinking about to trigger that kind of smile,” Tony mused as he leaned over the counter to greet him with a kiss.
He studied Tony’s face, but it remained annoyingly impassive. He prided himself on learning how to read Tony’s expressions, but right now it was like he was purposefully trying to hide what he was thinking, and it was infuriating. But as the silence drew out, he knew he had to say more, because clearly something was going on in that brilliant mind that he couldn’t figure out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony, it’s fine, let the kid be happy for you,” Steve said gently as he squeezed his hand again, bringing Tony’s attention back to him as their eyes met. “Because he’s not the only one that’s unbelievably happy right now.”
“Muffin huh? So is this my official pet name?” he asked with a sly smile.
“Well, if it’s for the environment, then I’ll stay,” Steve agreed, and he chanced a slight smirk. Again, he thought he saw a smile on Tony’s face at the fact that he decided to linger again today like he had yesterday, but he wasn’t sure if he could trust his judgment on that. Yesterday had been close – between getting back to his apartment and showering he barely made it to work on time. It was a risk he probably shouldn’t be taking…but he couldn’t say no. He couldn’t turn down the chance to watch Tony make coffee, or the chance to talk with him again, and he especially couldn’t turn it all down when Tony asked him to stay.
“I shouldn’t be,” Tony finally said, his voice raw. “What happened…look it ended up being a good thing, right? I was miserable running the company. I hated it. And getting kicked out, it gave me Pete, and it gave me this coffee shop that I built
Jumpstart was quiet today. Unsurprisingly, Tony was enjoying his day off, which meant the cafe lost a little of its magic. Tony really was the light that kept the place alive, and while there was still business on Saturdays, it would never be the same as the days when Tony worked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve felt his heart soar and he crushed another trembling kiss back onto Tony’s lips. He found himself back up in the clouds, soaring to unbelievable heights of happiness. His heart was so warm and light and filled with—he didn’t know what, but his heart was so full of it he thought it might burst.
Today was the day. He was going to ask Tony out. Asking for his number had gone so well yesterday, much better than expected, and it gave him hope for today. With Bucky’s guidance he texted him a little last night. Nothing deep and nothing needy, but just to engage him a little. He also knew, without a doubt, that Tony was into him. The looks they’d share, the way he purposefully moved his hand to prolong their stolen touch: he could tell Tony was attracted to him. Going on a date was just the right move, and he knew Tony would agree. So if he was so sure about it…why was he so nervous? His stomach twisted in knots his entire run and it only made him push harder, focusing on the burn in his legs instead of the nausea in his stomach. He just had to find his right segway (which shouldn’t be hard given how much flirting they did) and then he was in.
Tony turned to look at him as he raised an eyebrow. “…You’re trolling me right?”
“He’s not gonna ask you, if that’s what you’re hoping for,” Happy repeated, like Steve should know what this meant. “He’s one of the best guys I know – I left my previous job to follow him here. Learned how to bake and make coffee just for him. But the guy will never do anything for himself. He could want something so bad, but he’ll never take it.”
It might seem small and it might seem innocuous to the strangers who passed by, but to Steve, this was the most important place in the entire world. This little café.
Pete smiled fondly as he looked at his dad. “He really is. So are you two going out again?” he asked hopefully.
That brought a genuine smile to Tony’s face, and he reached over to hold one of Steve’s hands. “You heard right. Pete’s actually gone until Sunday night, so my apartment is going to be very empty all weekend.”
“I just want to make sure you guys have some privacy,” Pete explained. “So you know, this can work.”
“Yeah, she was a nice car,” he sighed. When Steve looked over, it almost looked like a shadow passed over him before he perked up again. “Sadly keeping her wasn’t in the cards. But that’s okay; in the city you don’t really get much use out of a car. Anyway, here’s your Americano,” he offered as he placed the coffee on the counter. “Hope she’s just as good as she was yesterday.”
Tony ran his card and handed it back. “Sounds like we’ll both have boring, relaxing days then.”
They continued to talk for half an hour as Steve drank his coffee. Of course Tony was interrupted by taking orders and interacting with other patrons, and Steve made sure he had a chance to do that, but by staying in the café he actually learned a lot. He learned that Tony used to be an engineer and was actually part of a very successful business empire before he was forced to switch careers and start up a coffee shop. Steve also realized that it wasn’t something Tony really liked to talk about, so he quickly changed subjects. He learned that Tony used to fix cars and build robots (which Steve found very impressive because he could barely use a computer) and that he made a lot of his own modifications to the espresso machine over time. In turn, Steve opened up about how he just moved to the city from Brooklyn and how he’d just gotten back from serving in the Middle East. He talked about how all he’d wanted to do since he was a kid was serve his country, but he never really thought about what he wanted to do in between service, so he was going to try personal training for awhile.
Steve slid to his usual spot and he waved to Pete as he passed. Now that he knew he was there and he was related to Tony, he definitely wanted to acknowledge him. Sure he came here for Tony, but if Tony had a son and he wanted Tony to be in his life, then his son would be in his life too. He gave Tony’s butt a good long stare, noticing some of that bravado had returned to his hips, before he took a risk and turned to Pete. He saw how Pete and Tony had interacted the last couple times, and it was clear Pete was important to Tony, so he had a feeling chatting with Pete and showing interest in him would earn him brownie points with Tony.
“Ah, but do you really have enough room in that shirt for a muffin?” Tony asked with a sly grin.
Well not today. No, today he spent his entire morning run psyching himself up for it. He felt really good about his run today too. He was pumped, he was excited, he ran close to his personal best, and he was as ready as he was ever going to be. Yesterday he let his nerves get the best of him, but today, right now, he at least seemed calmer. He found some peace in his run, and he used that to fuel him and calm him and get him ready for what he knew he had to do. He just needed to stick the landing. The lead-in wasn’t as important as he thought yesterday. The landing was the only thing that mattered. If he could land the question, then he’d consider it a job well done.
Suddenly the pieces fell into place and Steve’s mouth fell open. He shook his head in rising panic. “Oh no. Oh fuck. No no no. Bucky I can’t have him thinking that!” If Tony thought he was in a relationship…it could potentially ruin
“That’s what he says,” Tony chuckled as he gestured at his son behind him. “So long as it makes him happy, I’m glad to have him help out.
“And look, Tony will be back tomorrow, so you can talk to him then,” Happy said with a knowing wink that made Steve blush. He gave the man another nod before he walked out of the café, and he definitely caught Happy’s satisfied expression.
“Sounds like you were traumatized,” Tony grinned as he leaned against the counter too, clearly enjoying Steve’s pain. It placed them so close to each other, which was thrilling. “Was it the coffee or the company?”
Tony nodded as he opened his eyes to meet Steve’s, and he felt Tony’s thumb rub across his cheek. “I am. Because of today…I met you, and you’re
He kissed his hand before he let go of that too and pulled out his card to pay. “You’re his dad, so I’ll go along with whatever you think is best.”
Pete was positively beaming. Tony was good at hiding his emotions, but Pete was not. He kept looking expectantly back at Tony and then tried to pretend he was looking cool, when really he wasn’t. Clearly he’d answered his questions right, and it was even better because he hadn’t been lying about any of his answers. He knew exactly why Tony had caught his attention that first day and why he held his attention: he was everything he’d been looking for in a boyfriend. He had to make this work, he just had to.
Steve sighed. “I’m glad you’re enthusiastic, but this is kinda important for me. Can I finish the question?” he asked softly.
Tony shot him a grin. “Moment of truth? I know. At least someone is enjoying the show.”
“See, we just can’t let that happen,” Tony said, and Steve could definitely see his eyes linger on his pecs. “So I’m sorry Steve, but you just have to keep buying coffee. That’s the only way to keep you sexy while still getting kisses.”
If that’s what he was afraid of? And then it hit him – he was talking about Tony asking him out. He was saying Tony wouldn’t ask him out, but if Steve asked him out, he wouldn’t say no. He flushed a deep red at being called out about this. How many people were in on this? He knew Bucky was, and clearly Pete was from his leading questions, but now Happy too? “I really don’t know what you’re talking about,” he countered, playing dumb. He barely knew Happy and he really didn’t feel like talking to him about his relationships.
“Hear that Morgan? My Captain Studmuffin is in line, so let’s find that credit card.” He was clearly teasing and she was obviously a regular because she just laughed and produced her card.
He looked intently at Tony’s face, hoping for some kind of reaction, some kind of guide as to how he took the news. In his heart of hearts, he was hoping it would instantly fix everything: Tony would smile, they’d both laugh it off, and they’d pick up on the flirting right where they left off. But he was also a realist, and knew that wasn’t going to happen, but he at least wanted to see that clearing the air helped. He definitely saw some tension leave Tony’s shoulders, and he thought he saw a glimmer of something in his eyes, but his face remained infuriatingly neutral.
Tony closed his eyes for a moment before he looked back up at Steve. “That’s a dumb question, Steve. Of course I am. Really I’m just sad it’s not today.”
“I guess I probably need to buy some coffee,” Steve sighed as he pulled out his card and handed it to Tony.
“But I have to fix this! I really like him Bucky! I can’t—he has to know we’re not dating!” he argued emphatically, arms gesturing wildly to make his point.
“Well…and the muffins. And maybe something else,” he hinted as he stared into Tony’s eyes, getting lost in how those flecks of amber looked almost like a crystal against the brown. He had the most enchanting eyes, so beautiful and expressive and intelligent, and he could just stare at them for hours if Tony let him.
“Sure you don’t,” Happy scoffed. “The whole shop can see it. I’ve been taking bets today with the regulars. Anyone who’s seen you two in the shop together can see it. Just make it happen – you wait too long and you’ll lose the spark.”
“Well you won’t hear me complain,” he assured him. “Man with a body like that should show it off. Really the only one that should be complaining is that shirt. I can almost hear its cries of agony over here. Right along the seams there,” he grinned as he pointed to his shoulder.
Tony leaned forward on the counter with a grin. “I mean, I guess I could check with the manager. I’ve heard he’s really reasonable and very good-looking. Hold on.” He placed a hand to his chin as he looked up to the ceiling for a few seconds before he met Steve’s gaze again. “He says my boyfriend is always allowed to visit me at work.” And to emphasize his point, he caught Steve’s lips in a warm and inviting kiss.
“You know, Tony’s never gonna ask you,” Happy said over the noise of the espresso machine, which perked Steve out of his thoughts.
He was at the door of the café before he had even decided to go inside. Somehow his body carried him down the street while he ruminated on the café, and now he really had no other choice but to go in. The door was wide-open and inviting, and even though he knew he shouldn’t because this was setting up a routine he didn’t want, he walked inside the door.
“No you…you’re fine. I can’t—you’re fine,” he stammered as he swallowed noticeably. “So uh, looks like you can get away with a cinnamon roll today,” he said with a forced chuckle as he turned his attention to the pastries.
When he lowered his shirt, he could see that Tony was clearly staring with his mouth slightly agape, and he looked almost hypnotized, which is what he had been hoping for. He felt this surge of giddy confidence and he closed the gap to the counter with a grin. “Morning Tony.”
“Yeah uh, I’d like that,” he requested as he moved up to the counter. “And your recommendation on a sweet again.”
Aww Tony! So noticeably disappointed that Steve wasn't there...and Steve wasn't even there to see it.
He sighed, because he’d been having the same thought all last night. “I know, me too. But I needed you to have a day off. It’ll be worth it though once you see what I have in store,” he bragged.
Steve just shook his head, but that blush refused to go away. If he didn’t know any better, he’d say Tony was trying to make him blush because he did a damn good job of it. “Can I order my coffee, or are we gonna keep talking about my shirt?” he asked in embarrassed exasperation.
Pete presented the final coffee to Steve, and he immediately took a sip and praised him on how good of a job he did, which made him glow like the sun. Pete rushed off to help the next customer, but Tony lingered for a moment. “Oh Tony, can I get one of those stick things, so the coffee doesn’t spill on the uniform.”
“Then it’s a good thing you get to see me every morning, isn’t it?” Tony smirked.
“Can it be both?” he asked with a coy smile. He loved being this close to Tony. He could almost smell him under the wonderful aroma of coffee that permeated the shop – an earthiness mixed with fresh citrus. It was intoxicating.
It was rushed. It came out a little jumbled. It was a nervous mess, but he did it. He finally did it. He finally asked the man he really liked if he would go out with him. For better or worse, regardless of what Tony said or how that date went, he could at least say he asked him and gave this a try. Honestly now that it was out, he really didn’t know what he had been so worried about. He had charged into battle and led men to seemingly impossible victories, but this was what held him up? Now that he was on the other end of the question, it all seemed so silly, but then again, everything seemed easier after you already did it.
“A very good thing,” Steve agreed. “And on some very lucky days, I may get to see you twice, like tomorrow.”
knew.”
“I’ll be here,” he replied casually before he turned his attention to his next customer.
“Since we’re reminiscing and all, I’ve always wondered, what made you come in?” Tony asked. Steve couldn’t tell if he was actually curious about that answer, or if he was just finding an excuse to keep them so close together. He had his forehead pressed up against Tony’s and their lips were so close he could feel Tony’s breath on them and he loved it.
Tony coughed nervously as he stood up behind the register. There was a decent line behind them, but it looked like none of them were anxious about getting their coffee as they watched the scene unfold. “Uh you should uh, text me. On that number. So I have yours. You know, while I uh, make your coffee,” he stammered, truly looking flustered, which was absolutely adorable.
He chatted amiably with Pete, even though his focus was still on Tony’s hips. He wasn’t limping anymore, which meant he needed to fix that tomorrow. He also kept catching Tony’s eyes, like they couldn’t look away from each other even though they had other things they were supposed to be focusing on. Their gazes were drawn to each other, just like they were drawn to each other, and at this point he didn’t see any reason to fight it.
Tony planted his hands onto Steve’s pecs with a squeeze that just made Steve burn. He threw his arms around Tony and crushed a kiss onto his lips. These kisses were no longer gentle or soft but full of raw lust as he sucked on his lips like he was trying to pull out his very soul. Tony was so much smaller than he was, both in height and width, and it was absolutely exhilarating. With his broad shoulders he could wrap his arms entirely around Tony, and he used that hold to crush him close. His entire body trembled as he felt Tony pressed against him, and he whimpered into his mouth. He knew they needed to stop, he knew they were going to hit the point of no return the way they were going and he should say something now, but when Tony slid one hand down to rub at his lower abdomen, he dismissed that voice almost immediately as it came.
He could feel that sharp inhale of the room again. The audience was making him way more nervous than he already was, and it was throwing off all his plans for the day. He couldn’t understand why they were so invested and honestly he wished they would mind their own business. He had half a mind to let them skip ahead of him, but he knew that wouldn’t solve anything and would just look suspicious. But maybe he had a better chance of it when he was sitting at the counter?
Oh my gosh, only one more chapter left! I can't believe it's almost been a month!
Steve lifted an eyebrow. “Are you asking me out on a third date Tony?”
“More like someone,” he grinned, happy to play along. “Some incredibly attractive man stole my shirt. You wouldn’t believe the things I had to do to get it back. It took a lot of effort.”
Immediately he had to wonder what he did wrong. They had agreed they wouldn’t stay the night together (it was their first time hanging out where they didn’t end the night in sex) so had that ruined things? Had he done something wrong last night? Had he been trying too hard with Pete? But he quickly realized that those were just his insecurities talking. There were a myriad of other reasons why Tony could be down and none of them necessarily involved him.
He didn’t need to be told what prize Tony was referring to, and he wasted no time in sliding a hand down his back to clasp at his butt. After staring at it for eighteen days, after imagining what it would feel like when he finally got to hold it and using that as fuel for the fire when he was alone at night, it felt incredible to
“Alright, what are you two up to?” Tony asked when he placed the coffee down on the counter and eyed them suspiciously. “You two confidants are up to something, and you’re not that good at hiding it either.”
“Oh I don’t know, I was thinking early afternoon, like three? Maybe we could meet for coffee?” he suggested with a playful smirk.
times he wanted to kiss him but didn’t because it was too public or just didn’t seem right. Those desires were driven by lust, and he wanted their first kiss to be driven by emotion. Besides, he wasn’t quite sure he’d be able to hold back after he touched those lips for the first time. “You could have always kissed me,” he reminded with a smirk as he took a step closer so their bodies were right next to each other, but still not quite touching.
“It hasn’t even been twenty-four hours Steve,” Tony chuckled, but that same softness that occasionally crept onto his face showed itself again.
“Since this is why you come here? Probably,” Tony laughed as he swiped his card and handed it back to Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mm, good point,” Steve chuckled. “Well I guess it’s my turn so I’ll figure something out. I have to say though; you really picked a doozy with that baseball game. How did you know it’s my favorite?” He really had though. He remembered watching baseball games with his mom while she was still alive, and once he got stronger he actually played on his high-school baseball team. He would listen to baseball games in the Middle East for a bit of home, and he would try to go to as many games as he could. But out of all his baseball experiences, this had been the best one because it had been with Tony. And the length of the baseball game was a perfect time for them to talk and get to know each other even more, and he treasured every moment of that date.
