“Kiss me.” Steve confesses, “It’s all I need.”
America gives a little high pipe in response.
“And clean her, too.” Anthony adds.
Anthony moves to Stane. Bucky takes out his sword, a long and heavy beast of silver, forged by Anthony himself. He hands it to him, stepping back.
“What?” Anthony asks, and then when Thor simply watches him, “Thor, just come out with it.”
Tony ignores him and walks out. Steve trails after him, naked and not concerned about it in the slightest.
can’t afford to forget it though, and it’s with wary eyes that he moves forward.
“Yes.” Steven says.
. Steven hadn’t meant to do that.
Anthony flinches back, breathing raspy and loud in the morning air. His throat feels contracted, sweat dripping like tears off his skin. His hair is sticking to his forehead and he longs to draw it back, but he doesn’t dare move his eyes off Bucky.
Anthony jolts forward to strike, foot cutting forward. Bucky jumps neatly over the low kick, but Anthony had expected this, and he pushes forward while Bucky is resettling, kicking mercilessly at his kneecaps.
Steven whistles, and the eagle drops down to land.
It is utterly bizarre to find himself on level ground with them, with him – Steven, his Alpha and a man who believes Anthony his equal when all evidence points to the contrary.
“We will find a way to defeat him.” Anthony reassures.
The omega is giggling when they break apart. Steven watches him closely, wanting to capture the image.
the kind of offering one gives a god?” Tony mumbles into Steve’s hand as it rubs over the man’s face.
Happy and Gary whoop. Shuri jumps up next to him, shaking his shoulder in glee.
He finishes on a yell, and Anthony looks up at him, eyes darker than Steven’s seen them.
“Hmm,” Steven’s eyes are on Anthony’s lips. Anthony darts out his tongue, turning to give the cockhead a wet lick. His hand strokes the long, proud length of the Alpha, a pleased thrill going through him at Steven’s sigh.
“Better than you.” Tony’s eyes lift upwards, and the blue slips away in a blink, leaving only that familiar, honey brown. The scenery shifts, the sky peels apart.
“I – yes, we can.” Steven says.
“Just let me hold you for a bit, huh?” Steven asks, thumb stroking over the soft skin under Anthony’s eyes. “I was scared out of my goddamn mind.”
Tony gazes at him with curiosity, and then hunger. “Show me.”
“I know, it’s just --” Steven looks at him, eyebrows furrowed for a long, thoughtful moment. His eyes move to Anthony’s palm, picking it up gently. “It is true we are different. We were born with different experiences, yes, and we approach almost – well, almost everything – differently, but that is not bad. We challenge each other, make each other stronger. Because, where it matters, in our hearts, we are aligned.”
“Guess I was worried about you.” Steve says, “Couldn’t sleep.”
“I do.” Steven says, “And you must too. The pack certainly does.”
Her hands go to her armour. Her hands come to Anthony’s head, pull him closer, until he’s level with her crotch, her Alpha’s scent strong and hot. A dagger presses at his skull.
“You are free to leave.” Anthony says.
Gregory works his jaw for a moment, before his eyes go cold, bluer than normal.
“Leave.”
“I was there, okay?” Steve presses, “And I’m saying, it wasn’t your fault. We had a plan, we’d discussed precautions beforehand, and truthfully, it went a lot better than it could --”
“May I touch you?” Steven asks, and then when Anthony merely blinks back, “Please?”
“I answered your question. I let you go. Why can’t you
Steven exhales, kisses him again. “With you.”
Blood sprays from Gregory’s mouth, and the Alpha lurches up, fist sliding past Anthony’s ribs. The blow is deadened by the heavy armour Anthony’s now enclosed in, but the force still rings clear through the metal.
“And some.” Anthony says.
All those years of clashing, and he hasn’t realised that Alpha displays don’t work on Steven.
Steven is anchored.
“A monster.” Steven corrects, “A monster. And he is mine to take out of this world, burn him until he is but hair and ashes, and even then, scatter them so that he may have no possibility of revival and that his legacy will be --”
Steven watches him go, transfixed, slightly pain-drunk and thrumming from the battle.
“That’s not what you said after the Chicago mission when I was giving you a bl – ohmmm.” Tony gets cut off by Steve’s hand covering his mouth.
“This is not my justice to enforce.” Steven finishes.
“Alright, alright, come on.” Bucky drags him to the space outside Steven and Anthony’s tent. It’s an area generally avoided by the pack.
Anthony reaches out, curious at the mirrored wetness he finds on Steven’s cheeks. Steven shrugs when Anthony raises an eyebrow at him. The omega gently wipes at his cheeks.
They’ve had this conversation many times, over the last month. It’s been well worked over, both having changed their stance multiple times, played at possible iterations of the battle and pored over contingency plans over many hours.
It’s a slow, repeating tune, and it takes a moment for the words to parse, but once they do, Steven inhales sharply.
“It is because you are a good man that I would stay.”
“Why did you listen?” Steve returns.
Anthony can’t help but preen at that. One of the first things he’d learned about Steven, from the close circle that orbited around him, was how notoriously bad he was at accepting help. Medical, tactical, emotional.
Steven laughs, awed and bright as he leans forward to see how those words taste against his lips. Anthony keeps mumbling the words through the kisses, and Steven hardens under the press of Anthony’s cock to his belly.
get far with righteous anger.” Anthony retorts.
His dirt-brown eyes, now a tint so familiar to Steven, shine with tears.
“Guys, turn off your phones.” Steve says.
“What?” Steve asks, hand reaching out to Tony’s cheek when his eyes flutter closed, “Tony?”
Bucky teaches him like he would teach another Alpha, with the only accounting for his designation being in prioritising speedier and underhanded tactics over power knockouts.
Steven smiles, a little smug, and kisses the omega openmouthedly on his gland for a breath, before pushing in harder. Anthony is still tight. Pulling out would be an almost impossible task if it weren’t accompanied with the privilege of pushing back into the hot, wet heat. It’s as if he’s being drawn in, pulled like those little metals,
"Okay." Steven says, and then makes a point to laugh, quick and hearty, into the dark. Anthony relaxes, almost imperceptibly, to Steven's right.
Alright, that’s it. Steven has had enough of this obsessive, vulture of a man.
Steven blinks for a moment.
“You think war is only
It is less severe than it has been before, if Steven has moved past the bloodlust and into this muted despair. Bucky steps back in recognition of this, letting Anthony walk through to his Alpha.
“Looks like an octopus.” Anthony had said, to everyone’s confusion but Thor’s, who’d merely nodded sagely.
He always underestimated the King. Kept his eyes on the pawn structure, and left his King defenseless.
“Lick.”
“Not lack of faith,” Steven corrects, “Just worry, mostly stemming from love.”
“Good.” Steve replies.
“Steve, Steve, wait, let me.” Tony scrambles, turning around. He’s rough as he pushes Steve down onto the desk and unravels his robe. Steve’s cock juts out, thick and long, and Tony’s hand grips the base of it before he bends down and licks hotly at the head.
“So, what do you need?”
“Or long-term solution.” Tony adds.
“Yes, yes, I am. Just – go do your
When the scritching sound resumes, Anthony closes his eyes, letting himself relax fully into the furs.
“A friend.”
“I know,” Anthony says, “But do you see what I mean?”
“Did I hurt you.” Steve asks, low and ashamed as his eyes flicker over Tony’s body.
“I will do this.” Anthony says quietly, “But it is my choice. I wish that you acknowledge this. You did not force or pressure me. I chose to do this of my own – of my own free will.”
They’d been so prepared. Their teamwork had been fluid, they’d made all the right moves; drawn him in, and cut off the exits. Contained all damage to a warehouse, had the high ground. And then it had blown across the coastline, and Steve had woken up in a pile of rocks with Natasha, the Iron Man suit cracked open next to them. It was only when HULK had come out of the hole Bruce had fell in that they’d staggered into dazed action, Steve reciting orders that he’d heard from outside himself.
“Better now.” Steven manages.
Natasha looks dangerous in her cleanliness. The soldiers have streaks of paint and blood across their faces and necks, but Natasha is untouched. Her red hair is drawn tightly back, and her lips are curled in a sensual smile. Her gear is even more sparse than Steven’s; her argument for removing the plates on her elbows and knees being that her mode of fighting requires greater agency of movement than most.
“I would be honoured.” He says, in the end.
“You like it too.” Anthony teases.
“I,” Gregory begins, imperiously rearranging the strange pieces on the board, “Am of the opinion that my brother is wasted in your company.”
He doesn’t think that anyone will be in the kitchen but Steve has always made it a point to surprise him.
“Okay.”
“To the world.”
“Mr. Stark said we can’t fix it.” Steve continues, “I don’t know what’s happened to him. I don’t know anything.”
Steven falters.
“I am not killing our bonding gift!” Anthony says, exasperatedly.
Anthony draws in a breath, shifts back. She notes this, and puts her sword on the floor, like a walking stick.
“I’m going to come soon.”
“Nothing --”
Tony makes a face at him in answer, moving straight to the coffee machine.
“Nope!” Steve says.
Steve shifts his stance in a staggered movement, and then he’s leaning into Tony, enough that they both end up lowered on the ground, Steve’s head resting on the curve of Tony’s neck. It’s a few moments before Tony feels Steve move, abrupt and jittery and recognisably human. He pulls back, blinking rapidly before looking at Tony.
“Oh god,” His mom frowns, “Well, we’ll have to make sure Tony knows that’s wrong.”
“And everything of mine, is yours. My territories, my people, my body, yes, and also my duty. You have shared in my burdens as I have shared in yours, shared in my responsibilities as I have shared in yours.”
He pulls back after a moment, finger coming to touch the dried yellow paint on Anthony’s cheeks, two long lines of dull colour.
“That was a good speech.” Anthony says.
(...)
“Okay.” Anthony breathes out. “Okay.”
Steven looks stumped, but nods, once, twice, thrice, as Anthony silently watches.
“Then I will tell you.” Steven replies, “But no one’s right all the time. I certainly am not.”
“Well, I have this idea, it’s a – hmm, I guess you could call it a Jericho.”
“No one in this pack is without responsibility, a role.” Steven says, “If you are to stay, you must find a way to contribute.”
“Now, I don’t think a siege on the eastern Hydra base will work. They’re a complete fortress, have spent years building walls, are well-equipped to handle any siege.”
Anthony tries to breathe. His head still hurts, but it’s dulling, slowly. The blow had been exact and calculated, but not detrimental. Natasha’s in his head again. Her hands moving over Clint’s body, pointing out pressure points, weak areas.
“I am good at building.” Anthony clarifies, tone still clipped.
(...)
“Now, just as they took you, I will.”
safe.” Natasha retorts, but her face splits into a smile before she turns away.
Tony had shrugged, “Your choice.”
“Hey! What’s that supposed to --”
Tony obliges, thighs shuffling forward as he adjusts himself before reaching down to kiss Steve, nipping at his lips teasingly, mouth dancing away when Steve’s hands try to hold him in place. It’s incredibly frustrating, but it works, and Steve feels close, so close, his head lurching up to catch Tony’s lips, wanting him so desperately. Tony meets him, for just a moment, the soft plush of his bottom lip, before he shoves his fingers into Steve’s mouth.
“I see.” Steven replies.
“I want coffee.” Tony whines.
Anthony stills.
impress me.” Anthony returns.
“You fucked up, today.” Tony says, “Bad.”
Tony sighs, sits down on the bench, “I didn’t
“Alpha.” He greets, tugs at Steven’s head to bring him down for a kiss. Steven follows easily, licks into Anthony’s mouth. The omega retaliates, and they battle for control a little, Anthony only relenting when Steven reaches to press at the wetness that’s gathered between his legs.
Steve groans but takes his hands back, latching them onto Tony’s ass instead, digging into the thick flesh there. Tony moans in response, and falls over Steve, mouth licking up his chest and across the line of his pecs. It’s an argument, as holy as any conversation between them can get, and Steve laughs, a panting breath of a sound. Tony grins down at him, and Steve knows without asking, that he gets it.
“I think Bucky and I will go shower.” Natasha announces.
Steven pauses.
On the parapet stands Thor, with Steven’s shield in one hand, and his trusty hammer in the other. Next to him is Loki, looking far too unharmed for someone who ran a double-spy operation.
He does actually need to bathe, wants it too, wants to wash off the sweat, blood and grime off his body. It’s been a good session, better than the sessions when it feels as if he’s playfighting, pandered to by the Alpha.
“Pointing it out because you think it won’t always work?” Anthony continues.
Tony lets out a breath, feeling it hang in the air as he contemplates this.
“Mom.” Steve says, and then he’s sobbing, loud and abrupt into her cardigan.
“He was right in the path of the gem. I shot it right at --”
They never tested the limits of how fast the serum made an average person, Tony thinks, watching Steve come to a stop in front of him in what felt like three broad moves.
“I’m not a Starrk.” Anthony says. “Not anymore.”
didn’t hear anything. It was only when he spoke that we recognised him as Schmidt.” The story pours quickly out of Bucky, the clacking drawl of Brooklynite slicing through the edges of his sentences, a stronger indicator for his panic than any gesture.
Tony smiles up at him, a sad little quirk that seems to say: I know what you’re thinking.
“You...
“You’ve got to be shitting me.” Steven asks.
“Hmm.” Mr. Stark shifts, “I suppose you would know best.”
Now, he moves, almost in time with it, dagger slashing. She doesn’t use her sword, and Anthony waits for her to strike out, but it seems forgotten, complacently gripped.
“Hmm,” Schmidt says, “I always did wonder who the Captain would choose. Who would be worthy of him. I can’t say you impress me.”
“And what if I want you to help me through my heat?” Anthony asks.
“Anthony, we are leaving. Focus on that. We’re going to be out of here.”
“An old phrase from empires, years back.” Anthony tilts his head, Steven’s cockhead resting at the corner of his lips, “Can’t remember who or when exactly, though. May not be a good guy.”
Anthony grins.
Steve hums.
“How am I to trust you?” Anthony asks.
That means waiting.
A single man trots out on a black horse, golden hair flying in the wind as he rides forward. His armour is a pale white, almost tauntingly clean in the anticipation of battle.
“Yeah, not on purpose,” Bucky’s lips thin, “Not sure that’ll matter when it comes down to it.”
“Oh honey,” His mom puts down her stuff on a table and rushes forward. Steve’s leaning forward before he realises, and he’s soon ensconced in her arms.
It had not been Steven’s desire to bond. Perhaps in the daydream moments of childhood, he had thought of a family, future pups and a home high in the country. Now, he thinks of the future only over maps and battle plans.
“I could, very easily.” Steven closes his eyes, face torn with pain, “I have been capable of so much that is wrong.”
Anthony dips his fingers in the blue paint, and then drags a long, straight stroke across Steven’s cheek. Steven is patient under Anthony’s touch; calm, blue eyes watching him.
Tony considers it for a moment, and Steve watches, quiet and mirthful.
“Steven,” Anthony says, “Look at me.”
“What the fuck is wrong with you?” Tony screams at him, “Why didn’t you stop yourself?”
“Steve, Alpha,” Anthony whispers into his ear.
Bucky: how’s Tony doing [Sent 10:29 PM]
“Yeah, well, the bit about you having no hope or dreams is false too. Do you think the pack would follow if you were a shell? Do you think Natasha would stay with us if she thought you weren’t worth it?”
“Oh.” Steven breathes out, eyes darkening, a sweet desire in them as he drags Anthony closer. His mouth meets Anthony’s carefully, not wanting to smear the wet paint.
But this morning, it was Anthony who held him, who gave him soft promises of the future he had planned out for them. Steven had been trembling too hard, gaze far away in the initial aftermath of their mating. Anthony knew he’d come back to himself when the Alpha had stilled, ears prickling as he listened with eyes wide with longing at Anthony’s tentative thoughts about having pups.
His Alpha, in all written Common law his superior, in social circles his owner, was
Anthony’s in heat, the second time in the year, three days before Yule. It had blossomed quickly, and Anthony had found him sparring with Bucky. He’d walked up, teasing, eyes dilated and lips bitten to redness. Bucky had seen him first, promptly coughed at the omega pheromones and ran away with his sword clanging against his waist. Steven had grabbed his omega, put him over his shoulder, and ran back to their tent, grinning wildly at how Anthony’s laughter carried in the brisk wind.
Steven inhales.
“You knew then, what I was.” Steve said, “You recognised it before anyone else.”
“Yeah, uh, when I came here. He said to call Jarvis when you woke.” Steve says.
“Oh, yeah.” Tony kicks the clumps into a corner and when that doesn’t really work, sighs and leans down to move them with his hands.
“Parker, everything poised?”
“Yes,” Anthony sighs, shifting back to lay down on the floor. He closes his eyes, and breathes in, tasting the clean sharpness of the air. “Shit.”
“What is going on?” Anthony scowls.
“Just curious.” He remembered thumbing at the line of Tony’s goatee, pressing at the skin there, the contrast between the hair and skin.
“Knock on wood.” Anthony admonishes.
“I thought you were joking.” She says, astonished, at Bucky. Bucky grins unabashedly, shrugging.
“Tell me you’re not hurt.” Steven demands.
“We’ll make one. It's what we do.” Steve suggests.
“To you?” Anthony asks.
“You would?”
“You’re a real prick, sometimes.” Anthony says. “And you stink.”
“And in the sharing of blood, I am become yours.” Steven says. He speaks softly, an oath kept for their ears. His hands come to Anthony’s cheeks, stroking below where Anthony can feel the blood drying, slightly itchy.
“I want it to be over.” Anthony says, eyes straying to and away from the sight, “I don’t wanna be here anymore.”
“Oh heavens.” Anthony startles, and it sets Steven off again, laughing raucously. “Shut up, Steve. Good heavens, what am I going to do with
It had been a stifling, gargantuan institution, and Steve had hated crossing its pearly gates. But the view -- of the world -- from there, always made it feel worth it.
“What? They didn’t tell me anything.” Steve says.
Steve leans back, and watches him impassively as Tony eats the rest of the donut and downs the just-not-hot-enough coffee.
“I will.” Anthony says, “It’s a good plan.”
“We’ll find a way, Tony.” Steve repeats, feeling useless and stupid. He wishes he had more words, better words, a solution. He wishes he knew what this Extremis was, and that he could wipe it away from Tony like he wipes his tears.
The Hydra castle is surrounded by a thicket of woods, dark and moody. It offers additional protection and Hydra have set up a number of booby traps within it, creative and complex. The idea is that when Hydra soldiers overwhelm the enemy, the poor souls will run into the woods to escape and end up caught.
“I understand that.” Steve clenches his teeth in an attempt to keep his words in, “But you don’t think he’d appreciate having you here, considering he’s nearly died?”
“What will you do when you see your brother?”
Hydra is still watching, guards crowding the top of their walls. They don’t make a show of it, standing like statues, four hundred yards away. The black gear is eerie from a distance, makes them look like crows.
“Looks like you’ve got a full set of party tricks.” Steve continues, watching as Tony rubs his eye again.
“I wish it were this easy too.” Tony remarks.
“You know the contingencies?” Steven asks, though they both know he does.
The Hydra soldiers don’t pay attention to their fallen comrades, circling around the cannonball and sprinting. The injured reach their hands out, pleading, and Anthony watches a masked woman cut them down as she sprints past.
Anthony’s head lolls away, eyes bright and dazed. Steven’s cock is aching, hard and leaking.
“Yeah, but I said it first!”
“You’ve said “goodbye” a hundred times before.” Anthony points out.
“Fuck, I, why would you say that,” Bucky turns his head to the doors, steel moving to make space for worry, “I don’t know, Tones, I don’t know if he could forgive that.”
“Definitely a demotion.” Bucky agrees, coming up next to him. His mask is over his face, and his voice comes out like a grating rasp.
“That was uncalled for!” Bucky complains.
“You’ve already made a mess of him,” Anthony glances at the squirming man, “What did you do?”
Steve closes his eyes, feeling the heavy weight of sleep pushing him down.
He would always be playing catch-up to his Alpha, making up for years of not knowing, not seeing, not doing anything.
Schmidt reels back, and Clint laughs even as the hand behind his back gestures for Anthony to settle.
domain?”
“I win.” Tony proclaims quietly.
Anthony stares at him, wide-eyed for a moment, before groaning in a long, whining note.
“How? You didn’t let me get the suit otherwise I could have repulsor’d all of this into a pile.” Tony replies.
“What is it?” Steven says, so soft the words are more mouthed than spoken.
“Mmm.” Tony frowns, eyes still shut, “Can you turn it off, please?”
Steven breathes out.
They make their way over to their tent.
“A lie,” Tony waves his fist in the air, “Steve is much more fun to hang out with than Cap.”
“Uh, to be fair, I’d planned on waiting until Bruce came back before having this conversation,” Steve says, “But Peggy says he’s requested a two week break.”
“We have to go back and look.”
“I got the mission rundown from Director Carter, and I know, sweetie, you didn’t do anything wrong. What happened to Tony, it wasn’t your fault.” His mom says.
some things beyond that big brain of yours.” Steven huffs.
He watches the barbican’s gate lift again, and then whistles, quick and short.
Parker hurriedly brings him the binocs, and Anthony places them over his eyes, impatiently zooming in on the top of the castle.
“Come on, Peter.” Happy says, and Shuri echoes the words. They fall to the wind, and yet Anthony can feel it, pulsing even in the soldiers down below. All of them, fighting, and watching the gate, thinking:
“What are you talking about?” Steve asks, grabbing Tony’s hand and squeezing it. Tony looks at him, and Steve flinches. His eyes have returned to that black film.
“Give them hell, Nat.” Anthony calls out.
Anthony glares at him, but doesn’t push away when Steven wraps himself around Anthony, resting his head over the omega’s.
Anthony turns his face away, watching Parker scramble back up the cliff, lightfooted from practice.
“I was really worried.” Steve admits.
“Steve,” Anthony breathes, panic clear in his voice, “What – Why?”
Bucky had worked with Anthony in the past few months, training him in the art of dueling, in the dance of swords. While Anthony isn’t a master yet, the arc of his sword is clean as it swings through the air, and the aim true as it lands neatly at the flesh of Stane’s neck.
“I was worried you wouldn’t come.” Anthony confesses.
Anthony relaxes his throat, a few stretching moments where he can’t quite feel it expand until he starts to move forward, letting his hands guide Steven’s cock into his throat. It’s obtrusive, at first, discomfiting and awkward. Anthony perseveres, breathing deep through his nose, careful not to contract his throat too much with it. He keeps his eyes wide, blinking rapidly to ease the sting. His jaw hurts, already, but the ache is secondary to the intrusion in his throat.
“We’re going to get to safety. Re-group. Review the situation. And then act. Stevie will find us.” Bucky says. “Okay?”
“So long as you don’t injure him too bad.”
“I’m not lying.” Tony dismisses him.
Steven has made no effort to be modest within their tent, can’t afford to be worried about nudity with the little time they have to maintain hygiene.
Anthony gives him a shrewd look, “Did Steven put you up to this?”
Anthony could never hope to reach that. Their ferocity and hardiness was something forged in their childhood, poverty and war carving off the fat of security and comfort that lined Anthony’s tummy. They were battle-worn. They’d lived more, seen more, done more, in their twenty-some years than Anthony had.
“Do you, or are you just placating me?”
“Why did he tell me not to let you in, then?” Bucky asks, eyes steel.
“It would be alright if you did. You may blame me.”
His hand reaches Steven’s groin, inordinately pleased at the swelling, thick curve of his cock there. Steven huffs in air through his nose.
“Yes,” Steven nods, “Yes, I know that.
“Thank you Bucky. You’re God’s gift to the world.” Steve says, “And Nat has the keys to maintenance so suck up your pride and ask her for help."
“Two hours after the mission. He left the compound after dinner.” Steve said.
In a desperate moment of clarity, Anthony jumps upward, barely shifting Bucky’s grip, but still managing to get high enough to smash his forehead into Bucky’s nose.
“But you didn’t.” Steven says, “Why?”
“I still think Thor gave the best present.” Bruce declares.
“But given the unknown composition of the virus, it’s...difficult to say what his new normal looks like.” Mr. Stark offers.
Anthony laughs, quicksilver in the wind, and broken by the hoarseness of his tears. Steven can’t help responding to it, smiling helplessly back. Anthony notices this and his grin quietens, shifting into something more shy, infinitely warm.
Steven feels surprise, then happiness, in a bright burst of colour.
“I don’t --” Anthony cuts off. “You are a much better person than I could ever be. Just look at what you’ve accomplished.”
They’ve been fighting for almost twenty minutes, equally cornered in the end of a corridor in the Western sect. Blue shines from the corner of the wall, the spoiled prize of this war sitting proudly, waiting for its conqueror to snatch it away.
When Steve steps out, Tony comes forward with a salve. He rubs the bitter herbal scent onto Steve until he stinks of it. He doesn’t miss a single cut, or graze.
It’s not long after that Steven enters him, not fingering Anthony as extensively as he normally would, keenly aware that the omega likes it just a little bit rougher when he’s in this state, yearns for the feeling of being pulled wider until his body relaxes to accommodate Steven.
Steve shakes his head, the motion jarring them, and Tony rocks back before Steve pulls him in with hands on his waist, “Too tired to argue about that right now.”
“Why?” Steven asks.
“You won’t leave me, will you?” Steven blurts, “I know it is unfair to ask – but if you ever – you --”
“I see.” Anthony says. Steven’s knot throbs in him, almost like a living, autonomous being filling him up.
“One day, after we beat Hydra,” Steven tells Anthony, “We’ll have another bonding ceremony, a proper one, with celebrations, and dancing, and more happiness. More love.”
“Just tell her you were fighting the biggest terrorist in the world.” Tony says, “Automatic guilt-trip.”
“Why are you so mad?”
proud.” Tony says, dryly.
The soldiers join in, mocking and crude, and Anthony huffs at how Gregory’s ears turn red, noticeable even in the distance, a tell-tale sign for his mortification.
“Sure.” Bucky concedes, tilting his head. “But you need to be more comfortable with aggression, regardless. You hesitate to use your hands, to attack directly, and you’re still using your feet too much.”
“..We fight today for something beyond ourselves. We fight for our future...”
As he stands next to the omega, listening to the elder Starrk recite the bonding rites, he rearranges his plans. He hadn’t accounted for an omega, and the new traveling companion means they will likely have to delay the charge into Boston.
“I should go now.”
“Now he wants to speak,” Gregory turns to Anthony, “A real conversationalist you’ve got here, brother.”
Then, with a slippery, shifting sound, the illusion breaks apart; a shimmering effect that sends rainbow lines streaming down. Through the binocs, Anthony catches a device, small and rectangular, falling down.
“It’s fine, we don’t have to make it a --”
“I can wait.” Anthony says.
“Right here, darling.” Clint gestures to his crotch, crudely.
Steven has not felt such rage in a while, the kind that licks into your head and blurs all thought. The kind that led him charging across York, that had him bring a shield over Schmidt’s face until it was left in discarded lumps.
Anthony shakes his head rapidly, leans into Steven’s shoulder.
“You’re being cruel.” Tony says.
“Tony, no.” Steven whispers, distraught. “You’re nothing like him. Nothing.”
“Best way to do that will be for you to keep
“Hello, brother-in-law.” Steven greets, lazy grin on his face. His voice is raised to carry across the soldiers, and it reaches Anthony, too, an echo in the wind.
“No place is open now.” Tony says.
“Okay, okay,” Steven reassures, nudging Anthony’s head up, laving at the omega’s bond, soothing him. He pulls back when Anthony whines, high-pitched and pleading.
“Tony?” Steven asks.
Steve snorts, but leans into Tony’s kiss. It’s slower than earlier, measured and gentle. They break apart slowly, close enough that Steve’s breath touches Tony’s face.
Steve can feel his lips move under Tony’s hands, but can’t recognise the shape of the sentences. The rhythm slips and Tony rises up a few more times before he’s coming. Steve’s hand cups Tony’s cock through it, feeling at the underskin as come spurts cleanly through and onto them. Tony blinks sweat from his eyes as he rises up and off Steve’s cock, falling onto the floor next to him.
“I accept.” Gregory interrupts.
“What is it you want?” Gregory parrots.
Down below, Steven’s army is gaining ground, but there are more Hydra soldiers pouring from the gate. It won’t be easy to maintain their position.
“...And so, today I go to fight for the future we could have, the present we deserve...”
Tony knows Steve pretty well, has seen him in his deepest mortification, his darkest anger, his brightest joy – but there are moments when Steve still surprises him, silences Tony with a straight-faced delivery.
“With grass, and soil?” Steve asks.
“Shut up.”
“What did you need me for?” Anthony draws Steven’s gaze back to him.
“And what am I to do while you earn it?” Anthony asks.
Anthony bows his head, and Steven sucks at the cord of Anthony’s neck. Anthony sighs, breathily, at the touch.
“Get Nat to help!” Tony suggests.
Anthony’s hands catch at the armour’s latch, and he looks up to the blond Alpha. His face is solemn, eyes curious where they meet Anthony’s.
“Okay, good.” Tony says, obviously to himself. There’s a hand at his cock, where he’s slightly sensitive but still aroused. Tony strokes at it curiously for a while, and Steve can’t feel much of a reaction, but when he opens his eyes, it’s to his cock straightening.
“Did I break your nose?” Anthony asks.
“Johann asks what it is you hope to accomplish.”
“I didn’t mean to be.” Steven says, apologetically.
Anthony laughs, a pained sound that Steven can taste the tightness of. He croons a quiet tune into Anthony’s ear, waits until the omega settles into his touch.
“Did you even have her though?” Bruce interjects, dryly, “Oh, YOKE.”
“Your Alpha doesn’t operate with vengeance, you say?” Gregory accuses, “How deeply has he brainwashed you?”
“We fight for our place in the sun. We fight for freedom...”
“When you asked for my ideas.” Anthony says, “I guess, I never realised how much I wanted to be heard. And you listened, and you didn’t smother or patronise me about it. I thought maybe it could work out.”
When he turns to Gregory, he’s the Captain again.
Steve had just finished strangling a hydra to death, kneeling in sticky mud and panting from exertion. When he’d looked up, he’d found Tony watching him. He’d been in his armour, only his head visible from the deep reds and golds that ran down his body. Brown hair and brown eyes.
“Thanks,” Tony grits out. “Oh, fuck.”
“Clint volunteered, surprisingly. Natasha’s actually supervising though.” Bucky huffs.
He pushes a small piece to the edge of the board.
“So, war it is.” He states, finally.
“Oh, oops.” Anthony says, cheerfully, pulling thread through the gaping stretch of bloody flesh on Steven’s shoulder.
He fixes his eyes on Steven, watches his Alpha move forward.
Steve steers Tony away from the side of the road before saying, “What?”
“Tony?” Steve presses, leaning forward in worry.
“I don’t like an uncouth bitch.”
“The mouth on you, Tony,” Steve says, appreciatively, as he pushes Tony’s head down and up again, spit trailing down his cock as Tony moans around it, “I don’t think I’ll ever get used to it.”
Her voice drips, the accent like that of high society Alphas; purring and domineering.
He picks up the sword, wipes puke off his face, and staggers out of the room.
Steven thought familiarity with the pack would make him speak, but even as Anthony develops a hesitant acquaintance with Bucky and uncanny understanding with Natasha, he remains quiet during the meetings.
Tony’s mouth works for a few moments, furious and beautiful. “I don’t have a choice.”
“You won’t.” Anthony says, “Because you will have people with you. Me, Bucky, Nat, Thor. We will be there, and we will make sure you are doing the right thing.”
“His face...” Anthony whispers shakily.
“Take me there.”
Steve’s mom comes back with coffee and reassurances that scientists will be arriving tomorrow. Bruce ventures down, engaging Tony in a conversation about the code, a notepad in his lap as he records what Tony remembers. They start spitballing ideas with each other, and Steve’s mom calls Jarvis while they’re distracted. Jarvis comes with soup and a change of clothes. Tony showers in the infirmary’s bathroom, but Steve is forced to go shower in his dorms.
“Shut up.” Gregory says, tiredly.
“And the Captain’s bitch is here, too,” Schmidt remarks, “Pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
“It’s been a while.” His cock is an angry red, hints of purple, an injury begging for relief. He reaches a hand towards it when Tony gasps out an affronted sound.
It’s comfortable, and Steve knows the group’s consciously making an effort to keep things light. He catches his mom’s gaze across the room, the smile on her face quiet and proud. He smiles back at her, mouths “Thank you”. She winks at him.
“Steve.” Tony whispers.
Shuri says a few words in Wakandan, a blessing.
Hands grasp him, drag him back onto the forge's floor.
Warm, flooding heat. An expanding awareness, catching in the innermost parts of him.
“You were throwing a fit – rightfully, of course – but nonetheless, a fit, about not being touched. What was I to say?” Steven asks, good-humouredly.
But more than anything, Steve likes to -- he pulls back, and comes over Tony’s face. Tony screws his eyes shut as he laughs, and Steve smiles dopily at the sight. Tony keeps his hand on Steve’s cock -- hardening again -- and drags a fingertip through the mess, licking a strip of white off his finger. Steve lets out a breath, feels his muscles relax almost abruptly as the orgasm releases its hold on him.
“Do you mean Ironman?” The same man asks. His skin is rough and speckled, grey from starvation.
Now, there’s a real smile, spreading over the omega’s lips like a benediction.
It’s a clever tactic, and would probably work, were it not for Clint having taken a group of people into the woods and methodically broken down every trap they came across. Meticulous, taxing work that now permits a Wakandan army to tear through the trees, black panthers silent in their approach.
“Well, Anthony’s certainly fucked his wit into you.” Gregory retorts. He imperiously flicks his hair away from his face.
“The Carver.” Steven drawls, “Yes, I have heard of your psychopathy.”
“Yes, please.”
Tony had gazed at him with wistful eyes, “Hephaestus sounds like my father.”
Tony’s eyes close, and the warmth disappears from Steve’s body.
“I want Steven.” Anthony repeats, “Where is he?”
“Anthony.”
“Steve, sweetie?”
Schmidt turns slowly, an attempt to assert dominance, take the upper hand.
Steve burrows closer, and rests.
“Together? Is this what that looks like for you?” Steven growls, “Gagging and tying him, keeping him imprisoned?”
Stane looks up, eyes like a snake’s as he greedily drinks in Anthony.
Anthony blinks.
“I didn’t know, Steve,” Anthony says finally, “I didn’t know you could understand and detest someone at the same time.”
“Get to the room, get Anthony.” Steven spits out. Rage runs through his body freely, warming his body like a blanket, giving him a sharp, pointed clarity. Bucky sighs behind him, but doesn’t say anything else as they run through the halls, Steven mapping the course to the probable room.
Anthony nods anyway.
“Hmm,” Steven says, non-committal, “Draws out the gold in your eyes.”
“I’m going in.”
“What --” Steven halts when Anthony collects the blood on his fingers.
“We failed, Steve.” Tony cuts in, “Months of research! Months of working with the brightest minds, all those favours to get consultations from scientists and doctors and researchers, and all of that testing. All of that work, and it all – all of it went to shit.”
Anthony smiles in response, but it is a smile from his first few weeks with the pack. A false, tight expression. Steven comes closer, and in a quick, uncertain motion, kisses the omega’s cheek.
Anthony’s eyes are fixed on Stane’s head, dislodged. The scum’s eyes are open, still in that surprised expression.
Steven and Bucky fought each other like gods, flashing moments with shields, longswords and daggers that made for a gritty, fluid dance. They shook off hits with shrugs, struck with sounds that rang in the air, grinned and laughed with smiles almost feral in the moonlight.
Same reaction, but Anthony watches the ripple this time, tracks the lines that ripple across the space. Gregory’s a smart bastard; he’s removed the tell that led to the source. Anthony doesn’t know where the hotspot is.
“No, I think you did.” Howard responds, though his expression doesn’t change, “But despite your relationship with my son, and your role in this team, I don’t have to justify my choices to you.”
“Hey, what’s with the extra security detail?” Bucky asks, walking in through the glass doors. Natasha walks in behind him. They’re both still grimy from the battle, which reminds Steve that he’s also yet to shower.
Anthony hums.
Anthony’s movements seem more svelte in the night, shadows from the amber lamp flitting across the walls, dancing over Anthony’s body.
“Left hand, right hand?” Anthony jokes.
“I have nothing to say to you, but this.” Anthony says, hands and face steady even as his eyes leak, “You lived as a coward, traitor and parasite. Now, you will die being recognised as such.”
“No, Steve, you don’t get to do that.” Tony says, shaky with worry and anger, “You can’t just choose to kick me out of your circle, out of your life, when it doesn’t suit you.”
“Would you listen to me?” Bucky grits out, and Tony huffs in frustration, “No, seriously, look. He’s gone in his head, alright? Halfway through the mission, I don’t know what it was, had him shaking throughout the drop and when we’re in the field, he goes hard. Harder than he needs to, and Carter noticed it, alright. Tried to pull him out but he disabled the comms unit.”
Steve stills, and it’s only then that Tony realises he’d been moving, vibrating on the spot prior, like a machine overworked. His gaze isn’t quite human where it rests on Tony’s, there’s something too fixed in the gaze, unflinching. It's not quite unfamiliar.
“Do you feel it?” Steve asks.
“Alright, alright. I’ll go.” Steven holds out his hand, “Come with me?”
Anthony rolls his eyes, and the gesture seems to satisfy her, eyes still glinting in that hard, brittle light. Like metal before it splits open.
“That doesn’t mean it can’t feel bad.” Steven responds, arm curving over Anthony’s waist, bringing the omega closer to him.
“More or less cruel than you charging off after Zemo?” Anthony teases, “Because my heart felt that it was being taken clean out of my chest.”
(...)
Steven swallows, “Huh?”
Tony sits up and gets off Steve, turns around, and sinks sloppily back onto him. He slaps a hand over Steve’s mouth and hisses: “Shut up, Ares, shut the
Steven’s head lifts. His eyes are open, gaze pointedly set on him, as his knot settles in Anthony.
“Not when I know you’re going to be near danger.” Steven says.
“Your present?” Steven raises his eyebrow.
“I don’t know, Thor.” Anthony says, “I know the plan, I know what I need to do. But when I try and think of it, it’s like ... a blank spot. I can’t hold onto it.”
“I knew you would come.” Schmidt says.
“What does Samuel say?” Anthony asks.
“Steve,” Tony starts.
“I’m heading down.”
Steve had said it then, a secret he’d never admit to anyone else in the years that came. “It felt good.”
“I went away again, didn’t I?” Steve asks, miserable, “Bucky was there, and I told him to, I told him --”
“My omega.”
“I know that. But it wasn’t fair – and they’re all treating it like it’s nothing for him to be – to have nearly died. It’s like no one cares that he was put in that situation. They’re treating it so lightly. They’re all making it seem like it was his fault.” Steve explains as his mom takes out a handkerchief and wipes his face.
After a few minutes, they manage to get off the roof, and walk down into the hallways.
“Anthony.” Steven breathes, a warning and beckoning both.
“It was a lucky blow.” Steven says.
“Reactionary specimen.” Schmidt snarls, “You’re not deserving of the Captain.”
“Oh, that’s nice.” Steven’s eyes are glazed over as he looks down at Anthony, “Where is that from?”
They turn to walk, and Steven keeps Anthony close to him. Their hands are clasped tightly.
“Yes, I think I do.” Steven says. He rests his temple on Anthony’s chest, breathing in the smell of sweat, leather and oil on his omega.
“And you can’t record that.” He adds.
“We’ll deal with it later.” Anthony reassures, “We’ll figure it out.”
“You will receive a fair trial.” Anthony begins again, “You will be --”
Steven pulls back after a few moments, however, hushing Anthony quietly when he moans in frustration. His hand combs through Anthony’s hair, stroking his temple.
Anthony assumes his position over Stane’s.
“No, shh.” Steven clutches his cheeks between his hands. Their breadth means that Steven’s pinky finger reaches the ends of Anthony’s neck. “No, sweetheart, that was the plan, remember? You didn’t do anything wrong.”
“We were born twins.” Gregory continues before Steven can speak, “And together we could build a stronger world, moulded in our image.”
“No, your hands are hurt, and I wanna, I wanna --” Tony leans forward, over Steve. His arm shakes as he scissors himself, cock softening, the way it always does with initial penetration. “I want it
Anthony had conceded after a week, when Steven had managed to pass whatever test had confirmed for Anthony that he wouldn’t jump him the second he took off his furs. He’s no longer skittish about nudity, has maintained conversations with Steven while both were nude without outward nervousness.
“Oh, well,” Anthony turns onto his back, letting the stretch burn a little. He arches back, lets his hands raise above his head. “Just keep drawing.”
“Don’t lie.” Steve is slipping; can feel the intimate caress of rage. He needs to get it under control, can’t go reeling under its touch.
“Yeah?” Steve blinks away from where he’d been not-so-surreptitiously sniffing Tony’s hair. He’s been putting some different oil in it, and the scent is sharp and distracting.
But he’s never killed someone like this, in a fight.
“What?” Steven had been close to drifting off.
“I’ve done what I can for him here.” Howard replies, holding up a vial of red liquid. “This blood sample should give us enough to start investigating the composition of the virus.”
“Bucky,” Tony scrambles at the boy’s arm, the metal one, his hand meeting the shoulder blade, “Come on, please, you know I can help him. Get out of it. I’ve done it before. You know, come on.”
Anthony has walked back, and is gazing downwards.
Anthony smiles, "Steve."
Anthony watches Steven stride through the lines of the troops, affable and confident.
“I will speak to you as a leader to another.”
“I’m fine.” Anthony says, frustrated though he doesn’t quite know why, “I’m fine but you’re not listening. How can you say we’re not that different? I was born with every resource at my fingers, you were born scrambling for food.”
“It’s in my nature.” Steve says, not unkindly.
“No, you’re fucking not. And it’s not gonna be pretty if the first thing Anthony sees is you flying into a rage. We don’t know what state he’s in --”
Anthony stands up, slightly shaky from the floor, and Steven drags him onto the furs, laying him down. He towers over him, but there’s nothing about him that seeks dominance, in this moment.
There’s conversations to be had, but not in this moment, Tony thinks, not now. Steve’s resting, finally, easy and light in his sleep. Tony is curled up next to him, eyes on the clean movement of Steve’s chest. No blood, no rage, no omens. It’s almost shameful how quickly he falls to sleep, armour dormant in his skin, fingers hooked in Steve's shirt.
“They’ll be concentrated in the hall, only castle guards across the parapet. It’s the best time to strike.” Natasha says.
“Feel what?” Tony replies.
“Yes.” Tony says, “Okay.”
“Stevie...lost himself. Went right at him, but there was something different about the man. Even after the experiments and the serum, he was never this strong. He threw Steve back fifteen feet. Clawed the flesh off Clint’s legs. And when Maria managed to get his mask off...”
“Aww, good try.” Gregory claps, and then tilts his head at them, “You didn’t think it would be that easy, did you?”
“You can’t let me do that.” Steve finishes, quiet and broken, “I can’t go through that, do you understand? It’s not something I’m capable of moving past.”
Steve takes a moment to re-fill Tony’s mug and top up his half-empty mug.
He can feel his cum pumping into Anthony, can feel the clenching and unclenching of Anthony’s rim, can feel his arm around the omega’s torso, his scent strong where Steven’s nosing his neck. There’s little else, for a while.
“Perhaps I can slot you in.” Anthony responds coyly, laughing when Steven reaches down to grab him, pulling him in for a kiss.
His voice raises at the end to a shout, and he finds himself slightly breathless; unsure. Steve’s looking at him like he’s something alarming.
“Take you?” Steven asks.
“I couldn’t ever get sick of you.” Tony replies.
Bucky watches him for a moment before releasing his grip. He steps back, a hand reaching to push his hair back; a nervous gesture Tony’s all too familiar with seeing.
“Don’t say that,” Tony sighs, “You don’t mean it.”
“And so, we may walk together, in this life.” Steven’s hand traces the lines on Anthony’s palm, and there something tight in Anthony’s throat, aching and confused. “And when I say I fight for you, I mean I fight for that right. For you to call me yours. For you to be mine. Safety, love, happiness.”
“I need a solution.” Tony says.
Steve drinks his coffee and asks for the bill while Tony thinks. The last two donuts get packed while Steve does his usual painstaking routine of calculating the tip on paper before Tony interjects with the amount. It’s when they’re walking out of the restaurant that Tony finally knows what he wants.
around Steve.
“Tent?” Steven asks, and Anthony thinks of trekking out to their tent, Steven likely carrying him there, in plain view of anyone who may be walking around.
“Why?” Steve asks, and there’s the clenched jaw, righteously popping up and Tony would be annoyed if he wasn’t so worried, “I told you to stay away if it happened again. I told Bucky to keep you away --”
“Um,” Steve looks up, “How is he?”
There is blood, gushing over the rocks and grass. Steven pulls Anthony back by the elbow so it doesn’t land on him.
“No.” Anthony retorts, “Maybe. I don’t know! I mean, you’re the one who’s so adamant on us being equals, but you never speak to me, not about yourself or your worries or how you feel. And I care about you, so it hurts. That you don’t trust me like that.”
Tony’s head is on Steve’s shoulder, and he’s muttering, “Annie’s mad about you not showing up to the date. She says find a ditch.”
“Besides, you could argue that re-arranging the clumps is you fixing your failure. Resolution, of sorts.” Steve adds.
“I will.” Anthony speaks finally, “I will trust you.”
“Do you think I’m evil?”
“Maybe I started off with a vision, with hope and dreams of a brighter future, but years of battle have scraped that youth off. And now, I am just a shell, triggered into action only by the rage in me. What I want with you, what I dream – it can not work if you have to, to deal with that. So yes, I hide and I keep things to myself. But it isn’t because I don’t trust you, only that I couldn’t stand it if you found me lacking.”
“Huh.” Steve says, “You really didn’t know?”
“Only to me,” Anthony says, “And perhaps Bucky. But it took me a while to get there. And a lot of patience.”
“It’s nice.” Tony says, but he doesn’t move away from Steve’s chest. Steve can feel Tony’s tears on his suit, and he rubs his arms up and down his back reassuringly. His mom gives him a smile before leaving, a determined glint in her eyes that tells Steve that words are going to be had.
“I’m like you.”
Tony turns away again, but stays close to Steve. Steve watches Tony’s back for a moment before he reaches out an arm, placing it neatly over the line of Tony’s hip.
“It’s me, Tony. I’m here, okay. So, can you just, please, come --”
“Fuck you.” Gregory spits back.
Anthony flips the catapult using the metal chain, rearranging the angle. Happy and Gary quickly place the large bolted arrow on the catapult, Shuri drags it forward and clicks it into place.
“It is that I could have been him.” Anthony says, “He’s my twin, my brother, and I could have been him, may have grown to think and act like him, had it not been for – I don’t know! I don’t know what makes him so cold, so devoid of emotion. And if I do not know, how can I be sure that I won’t be – that I won’t end up –”
Anthony trails off. His eyes are far away, turned to the pond. Steven waits him out.
“Let it free,” Steven says, “We’ll pull it apart, make sense of it.”
“I am the Red Skull! I am Hydra!” Schmidt gleams red, “Cut one head off, and another --”
Steve brings the donut box over and opens it. There are five left in the box.
“It’s true, sweetie,” His mom says, “We’re going to have the brightest minds on this, right? And don’t you say there’s no problem Tony can’t fix? It’ll work out, Steve, it always does.”
“Remember when we met?”
“It was okay.”
He had heard his God’s -- he had heard his own voice in his head, directing him through the pantheon. He remembered thinking he couldn’t afford mercy then, could only think of the steps he had to take. His heart had pulsed in his brain. He’d made a dance of the whirling savagery that came from his shield.
Tony gets up, and brushes grass off his jeans, “I can’t believe you’re making me go into the metaphor of my failure.”
“Extremis is only really a virus in title. It’s more similar to the super-serum, though Tony’s managed to alter it enough that it’s distinctly technological in its enhancement of the human body.” Mr. Stark explains, that little furrow sticking out, “And it’s one thing to survive the implementation of the super-serum, quite another to survive the consequences of purging it.”
“But I am not the --”
Anthony sees what he can not voice, raises his own hand to Steven’s bond in a mirror gesture.
They keep moving, and Anthony can’t see ahead. Bucky keeps coughing, and Anthony rests his head on Bucky’s armoured back, feeling lightheaded. He wishes he still had his helmet.
“It is a risky declaration to make.” Anthony says, “They outpower us, ten to one.”
It’s easy to rearrange them into a comfortable position against the furs. Steven cleans Anthony’s chest off with a cloth, cupping Anthony’s cock for a second before moving away when the omega mumbles weakly to hold off.
“I am with you.” Anthony promises, “No matter what.”
He’s at work. He has a job to finish. But he’s tired, needs to be home. Needs to feel
“You won’t do the wrong thing.” Anthony responds.
“Now, why’s the Pack Omega in our leader’s cave?”
“Works both ways, my love.” Steven says, simply, “Lift your head for me?”
“Long enough for me to have exhausted my capacity for Starrk snark.” Bucky teases.
“I found it!”
Steve had looked at him and said: “I know what you mean.”
“You must be
“It is not so simple.” Anthony laughs, mocking and dry. It is not a pleasant sound.
Steve gets on his knees in front of Tony, waits until the man meets his gaze, “I need to hear you end it. If that’s what this is, I’ll accept it. I’ll leave. But no false endings. Not anymore.”
“You think I don’t trust you.” Steven frowns.
His blue eyes, fringed with panic and fear. His hands, clutching Anthony, leaving red marks with the force of their grip. He’d come with a cry, yowling out and clutching Anthony close to him, shaking through his knot.
“I love you too.” Steve says firmly, and Tony exhales in a loud “whoosh”, “Of course I do, I loved you before we even started dating. I mean, you know. I thought it was obvious.”
They clash again. Anthony gets the sense she’s playing with him, toying with her prey. But he continues, relentless, hoping to tire her out, nick her enough times that it brings her down. He keeps the rhythm shifting, dances forward and leaps back in intervals. There’s a song in his head, drifting through in moments, one sang in the camp in the eve of their bonding.
“Yeah, that’s what I’m saying.” Steve affirms.
“No, you don’t know that. I don’t know that. I don’t know --”
“Tony,” Bucky repeats. “Okay?”
“I’ll heal.”
nothing.”
“Steven,” Anthony gasps, “Steve, Alpha, please.”
“I think you believe that you do.” Anthony replies, “But if it goes to hell, as it often does, I will be the one burning.”
Steven exhales, shaky, and nods, turning his gaze to Anthony’s face. He walks out like that, bloody hands holding Anthony with quiet care.
He hadn’t played. He hadn't dawdled. He hadn't exulted. He hadn't staggered.
Gregory’s horse, two meters away from the bridge, jolts away, and Gregory barely manages to jump off it. He runs into the gate, disappearing behind the corner. The horse falls into the moat, forgotten.
Steven stays quiet.
But, in this moment, it’s hard to feel what it was that had him frozen on the rocks. He thinks that maybe there’s a crazy miraculous privilege in that.
“Thank
“No, I am.” Tony takes a bite from the chocolate donut, and then figures that if Steve is going to continue to pursue this talk, he deserves to be spoken to while Tony’s chewing, “You’re saying all the right things as leader of the team, and I know you want to make me feel better, like the HULK nearly breaking the compound and ruining half the surrounding forestry is just a bad day instead of a precedent for what is to come. But this isn’t your fault, or the team’s responsibility because none of you had a hand in trying to fix this. It was my work, with Bruce, and we failed to find a solution. One of the first scientific endeavors we get actual independence to pursue with the backing of the Avengers, and we wasted it. And bonus! Bruce is still half-possessed by an angry green monster. So. While I appreciate the pep-talk, I really don’t want to talk to Cap right now.”
Upon reaching the outer walls, they pause, throwing hooks over the walls and climbing up. Steven’s army reaches the barbican’s gate in the meantime, and the sight of the three sides converging is like witnessing the sun spill onto the sea, a view Anthony hasn’t seen since his childhood, back when they lived by the coast.
(...)
“Tony?” Steve asks, breathless.
“We completed the mission, Clint pissed in their water supply, we decimated their food supply. And as we turned around to leave, we came across a masked man, watching us at the entrance. No one knew how he got there,
Clint sniffs the air.
Steven smiles, knocks on his shield twice before pointing at Anthony. The soldiers take note of this, and there are cheers and giggles at the Alpha’s display. It is for the soldiers, for them to see that behind their war is an Alpha stabilised by a marital bond. It is for the soldiers, shows them there is love and pleasure beyond the fighting they’ve grown accustomed to in the past few years.
“Tell him to call Jarvis when he’s awake.” Howard says.
(...)
The men are dispersed in a loose formation, uniform in appearance with their war gear. Anthony had gone through several revisions with the armour for their soldiers, and he’d finally settled on an economic gear made by strong, simple iron, a delicate balance between protection and maneuverability.
“What the
“I wanted to meet Nick’s replacement.”
“They told me that they had to remove all the electronic devices from this room.” His mom says, a little later.
“Well, yeah.” Tony rolls his eyes, “What else would we fill it with?”
“Disappointing?”
He’s hungry, Tony realises as he walks through the hallway, lights dimmed enough that his shadow follows him on the walls.
“An avatar?”
“I know,” Anthony’s eyes shift away for a moment, “You aren’t anything like I expected, none of you are.”
“Keep going.” He orders, lips moving over Steven’s cockhead, a tantalising kiss.
“Sure is. Scraped myself real badly catching it. Scrappy thing.” Bucky says, rubbing at his arm.
. He’s all I wanted in our family, everything I hoped to be. He’s strong, kind,
Steve responds, honestly, “Me neither.”
She dies quickly, seizes for a few moments as blood pools, across her body, on the floor.
“Deal.”
Tony watches him through a mouthful of donut. Steve thumbs at the corner of Tony’s lip to remove the powdered sugar.
Bucky: should I bring donuts??  [Sent 10:29 PM]
Steven clutches the omega’s neck, where Steve’s mating bond rests, gathering all of Anthony towards him. His eyes scour Anthony’s, looking for any pain there. He doesn’t know what he finds, can’t read Anthony’s gaze with the remnants of anger and adrenaline still pulsing in his veins. It agitates him, not knowing even with Anthony in his arms, whether the omega is okay.
He inhales, shakily, and turns to his ragtag crew.
It is only later, after Anthony has hesitatingly crawled into the furs next to Steven, still far enough that Steven could reach an arm out and not feel the omega’s body heat, that he speaks up.
“Yeah, well.” Steve swallows, “I just want you to know you’re not alone in this.”
“I don’t think that’s true.” Anthony replies, immediately.
Anthony waits him out, lips moving off Steven’s cock and releasing his grip when he clocks the Alpha’s sensitivity. He rests his hands on Steven’s thighs, lightly furred and muscled. His head settles atop his hands.
“Then say them.” Steven prompts.
She whips a dagger at Anthony, the motion so quick that Anthony tumbles back to avoid its trajectory. It was a warning throw, Anthony realises, as the Alpha advances, the glittering mask of hers showing his own reaction in the reflection, scared and useless on his ass.The sight spurs him into action, and he advances, cuts her shoulder, flits back. It’s not a deep cut, nor is it disarming, but it irritates her.
“Okay, that’s fair,” Steve nods, “I guess I never really put my cards on the table.”
War always has a dirty, fucking touch.
“He’s stable.” Mr. Stark has always been inscrutable. Despite being on the board of directors, and Tony’s father, and one of the party responsible for the super serum, he doesn’t interact with any of the team. From the little that Tony’s said (or perhaps, more strikingly, left unsaid), Steve isn’t sure if he wants that to change.
Anthony returns to sit by Steven, body adjacent to his.
“Good.” Anthony responds, and Steven’s fingers catch on his teeth at the movement.
“And I’m just a boy from Manhattenite.” Anthony retorts, “And yet, how different we are.”
“Really?” Anthony quirks an eyebrow, “You’re sure?”
“Darling, what hurts?” Steve’s mom asks.
Tony laughs softly, “Okay.”
Then again, Steven thinks, tasting the pungent fear in the man by his side, perhaps it would be kinder to leave him at base.
There are days when he keenly feels the difference between his youth and Steven’s, watching how Bucky loosens his fists for Anthony, comes at him soft and slow.
“Yes, it did.” Anthony replies.
“Jesus,” Tony mutters, “I look like I’m possessed by a demon.”
“No.” Bucky says, “Just thought you should be informed. We’ll speak tomorrow, then.”
“It took me a while to get there with you too.” Steven replies, “Frankly, I still don’t really understand what goes on in that brain of yours.”
“It fits well.” Thor shakes his shoulders a little, “Though I don’t think I need this much padding.”
“You said to attack.” Anthony shakes Bucky’s sardonic tone off, barking out a laugh when the Alpha’s scowl deepens.
“Unfair,” Tony grumbles, biting about a third of the donut in one go.
“He is my brother.” Gregory says, “What is he to you?”
“He got your shoulder good.” Anthony points out, eyes on Steven’s shoulder as he pokes the needle in.
“Uh, yeah, we’ll deal with that later. Also, that isn’t your blood on your face, is it? Whose is it?”
“I’m sorry,” Anthony rushes, hands reaching out to Steven’s cheeks, where a few tears have spilled, “I’m sorry, I don’t – Steve, I’m sorry, please don’t cry.”
“Tell me where he is.” Steven repeats, Alpha dripping from his voice.
“Yeah.” Steve rolls his eyes, "Not saying that."
(...)
Gregory takes more hits now; Anthony batters at his head like swatting a fly. It begins to cave in, Anthony’s gauntlets making their shape known in the golden latches of Gregory’s helmet.
It’s hard to remember what that felt like, the forgetting, in the face of Anthony’s laughter, so vivid and bright that it seems the sight will imprint on Steven’s eyes.
Anthony leans in.
“Is that what you think happened?” Tony asks, quietly.
“You have Extremis.” Anthony says, “I reckon the trade-off’s fair.”
Steven walks over to Anthony, who promptly reaches out and grips Steven’s forearms.
Steven drops the furs, walking forward until he can comfortably meet Anthony’s eyes. To his credit, Anthony doesn’t shift back.
Only Steven calls him that.
He sees it now, this brighter thing, in the quiet steadiness of Steven’s attention. In the ideals of this man, in his war. His future, a challenge and a certainty; one he accepts knowing the dazzling relief of Steven’s love.
He walks away, feet dragging, making a conscious effort to not look back.
Anthony hands the sword over, numbness seeming to fill his gaze, a vacancy Steven recognises.
Tony lifts his head towards Bucky.
Anthony smiles back, is unable not to. “You liked it?”
She laughs, mocking. “Sweetheart, there’s no need for
“Okay, okay.” Anthony mutters.
Steven nods, only realising he’s repeating the motion when Anthony’s hand dislodges from his bond. Steven catches the hand before it falls away, bringing it to his lips, kissing a prayer into the knuckles for a moment.
Anthony makes a sobbing, grateful noise, and runs, uncaring of the ache in his body, how wobbly his insides feel. He rips off Bucky's mask, tossing it to the Alpha as he passes him.
Natasha comes over from the medical tent with Bruce.
“Feats of ingenuity.” Gregory corrects, “Though I do not expect a warlord like you to understand.
“You can’t honestly be willing to leave him there.”
“I appreciate that.” Steven says firmly, “Thank you.”
“Bucky.” Anthony says.
“Sorry, brother.” Steven says, his face all laughing eyes as he nuzzles at Anthony’s cheek.
“I am very much the same.”
“Call it.” Anthony tells Parker, and the boy sprints off, scrambling down the cliff with ease.
, he thinks, blearily.
“You’re a quick bitch, I’ll give you that.”
“Of course you don’t.” Gregory says, “It killed me, though. To have you beat me in this, with such a simping grin on your face. I have never hated someone so deeply.”
And it slices through the base of her neck, where the mask ends, slitting her throat.
“Oh, Alpha, you most definitely would.”
“What?”
“Yes, it is.” Steven whispers, “We’re okay.”
Steven cups Anthony’s hands in his, noting the roughness of his skin against the clean olive tones of Anthony’s fingers.
“Alright, darlings, I’ve gotta ask Director Carter a few questions. I’ll be back later. See if I can get some coffee with those donuts, how’s that sound, Tony?” She says, hand reaching out to rub the top of Tony’s head.
Anthony looks pensive, sitting by the pond.
Steve stills, looking down at his phone. He feels his mom tap his shoulder and turns the phone off on autopilot. When he glances back up, mind a whirl, his mom is helping Tony sit up. Tony’s eyes are back to brown.
“Argh,” Steve throws the robe aside, “Don’t read my mind.”
“Yeah, do as your boy says. I’ll handle this.” Bucky looks around and a note of uncertainty filters into his tone, “Somehow.”
“I’m not, but you know what we’re not doing? We aren’t being stupid here.”
“Jarvis,” Tony repeats. And it goes unsaid between them: Not him, but Jarvis.
There is silence, all around, for a moment. The hole in the gate, exposing a courtyard of Hydra agents, a number of them thrown back by the cannonball, takes all sound, directs attention to the sheer force of what just happened.
“Give me your dagger.” Anthony says. Steven unsheathes one from his belt, handing it over without question.
Steve lets out a breath when he enters, heart skipping at how Tony lights up upon seeing him enter. Tony visibly scoots over and pats the space in his bed. Steve crawls in with him, ending up with his head resting on Tony’s shoulder, half-listening to Bucky’s ‘strategy’ for winning Annie back.
The masked woman, the golden faced Alpha he’d seen shoot down her own soldiers in that initial bloody charge, stands at the doorway. Her eyes gaze at him from beneath the mask, hard and glinting like pomegranate seeds. Her armour is svelte, open-collared and unprotective. Dagger sheaths hang by her hips. She pulls one out now, already stained dark.
“Yes, I can,” Steven replies, “Yes, I can. Alright, look at me, Tony, please.”
Minutes after re-convening, Anthony walks back to the edge of the cliffside. He whistles, a long, low note.
Anthony nods his head, steady and calm. He looks unhurt, dirtied but not bloody. A tightness in Steven’s chest, everpresent since they’d found out Anthony had been taken, loosens.
Tony’s blue eyes peer down at him; impersonal, glowing points in the dark sky that Steve latches onto even as the memory of Tony’s lips sings in his body.
He strokes again, and Tony shivers, a visceral reaction that Tony pushes back against so that Steve’s cock meets his ass. Steve is hard; in what world could he have a naked Tony in his arms and not be? He ignores it though, keeps his hand jerking at Tony’s cock and presses the shorter man even closer until they feel stitched together.
“Yes, that is most likely.” Mr. Stark answers, “Though I’m sure he knew all of this before injecting himself.”
Steven counts down silently: one, two, three. They both slam against the door, and it breaks off easy. They pour into the room, Steven raising his shield to the edge of his helmet. Bucky’s crossbow is drawn and nocked.
“Wow,” Tony rests his chin on Steve’s knee, his arms hugging his thigh, “Good thing grave-digging isn’t part of the Avengers’ job description.”
“I said it first.” Tony grins. “I win.”
Anthony and Bucky whirl around to see Steve run out of the courtyard, face and hair covered in soot. He looks like a mad wolf, hair messy and armour falling apart. Only the streaks of blood remain on his cheeks, the blue and white long rubbed away, hidden under soot.
