John continued to be unimpressed with his current status as an old man. “How am I going to climb up all of this?” he asked Sherlock. “Couldn’t you have been useful and made yourself into, I don’t know, a horse?”
As someone who relies heavily on interpreting various forms of sensory input - noises, smells, and visuals (namely
“I don’t want you to look like that,” he repeated slowly, not even fully aware he was speaking, letting his instinct take control. This felt natural, after being so out of his depth for so long.
“If Mr Watson asks for his big wardrobe,” Moriarty said suddenly, “you must tell him it was impossible to move. We tried, but we could not get it through these narrow doorways. These are smaller rooms than those in the West wing. If he doesn't like the arrangement of this suite he must tell me. It was so very difficult to know how to furnish these… rooms.” Moriarty’s eyes roved the space once more, looking at the furnishings as if they were rather pitiful.
“I must have lost my way,” he said, making to turn back down the stairs.
“Charming,” John said with tight smile. “You’re saying that the company’s system was breached, and that there are now, what? People running through all the planets in that group, till they somehow find something? On an entire planet?”
“And so late at night!” Mrs Hudson continued. It was unclear if she was scolding them, or their apparent visitor. Likely both.
John clearly wanted it to be a joke, but it mainly made him feel wrong-footed. Had he been demanding? Had John put in all this effort in their suite, because John thought he was difficult?
“A dance!” the voices were calling, with individuals shouting “a waltz for the newlyweds! The Messrs Watson must dance!”
Greg looks at him sharply. He’s less familiar with John being the insensitive one.
“No, John—” spoken in anguish, and John couldn’t fathom why “—you’re not listening. I have tried to tell you. I want you to remember that despite never saying otherwise, I have never lied about this, only not stated it outright—” Sherlock exhaled in one loud gush of air. “I don’t do this.”
“That was one time,” John protested, but Sherlock apparently considered the matter settled, as he rushed over to John in his chair.
Sherlock hummed in agreement.
The ridiculousness of it all at once caught up with him. It was truly, for the moment, more funny than overwhelming. He knew Sherlock from a book, and Sherlock knew him from—a comic book. About
John realised they were truly at a stalemate as his resolve began to crumble. Sherlock was visibly desperate with the
Sherlock’s eyes lowered. John thought Sherlock might be reading the book in front of him, until he noticed that Sherlock’s eyes were on his hands, twisting in his lap.
John was, and always would be, attached to the romance of it all—which he meant in the classic sense. A true romantic adventure story. Beyond Sherlock drifting into the occasional fantasy, John had never actually imagined them together as a romantic item. Even in his own mind, he didn’t know the first thing about how to flirt, seduce, or have a relationship with Sherlock Holmes.
His earlier pettiness and bluster left him. This conversation now felt shortsighted.
“I am my age, what of it?” he asked. If she had intended to get under his skin, she might make quite the success of it.
There was something perfect about the current morning, perhaps because he had been unsure if things would still be good between them. He needn’t have worried, obviously.
His regret was almost immediate. Within an hour of posting the blog entry, detailing his meeting with Sherlock but leaving any explanation of how they met markedly absent, John’s phone was ringing off the hook. Or, rather, vibrating off the table. His sister had texted him no less than eight times, her questions varying from had John gone gay, had John broken up with his girlfriend yet, and how had John managed to meet the mysterious stranger.
John dragged Sherlock past the gallery, and at one point lifting him while hurrying down the large stairway that was littered with falling planking from the above rafters. The main hall had already been damaged, smoke billowing out from the cracks beneath the library and morning room doors. John maneuvered them both expertly, out the front hall and into the open air of the night outside, where they were met with the relieved cries from all the servants. They spilled out onto the lawn, breathing the night air, stumbling away from their ruined home.
He felt awful. He was a mess, and he hated John seeing him like this, and yet, also would have hated to find John absent. Sherlock had woken in hospital enough times without being watched over by John Watson, and found this change vastly preferable. There was no one to lean over him to sing threatening lullabies, or to caress his hands and threaten the unimaginable.
By their next encounter Sherlock’s curiosity has only grown. The itch to know more about The Man is now more akin to a dry, sore yearning that completely occupies his mind. His interest is festering and spurs him into action. He observes that The Man’s briefcase has two outer pockets. The perfect size for a phone, wallet and possibly an ID badge for work.
John replied, passing the call off to the next interpreter down the line.
John’s hand lifted to cover his chest, as if to conceal the scar beneath his clothes.
He might have been pouting. Just a little.
“I’m not angry with you,” John said, quiet and perhaps a bit confused.
“This seems to be the place,” John said, attempting to extricate his feet from the sinking ground. The boots would not be for sale any time soon. “Those boots are dysfunctional, we almost overshot it.”
Sherlock wondered if it was all some kind of cosmic joke that after painstakingly preparing John for the inquest, they were now to be faced with a threat he could do nothing to avoid. If it was, he didn’t find it particularly funny.
With the rope disposed of, and Watson’s sword returned to its sheath, they continued down the path unmolested. Sherlock’s hands returned to Captain Watson’s person, a light hold around his hips. His hold tightened once they were clear of the woods and Watson’s horse could gallop, forcing him to press along Watson’s back.
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed, fiddling with the dials on the instrument. “Where
“You might call me John now, if you like,” Watson murmured, before kissing the corner of his mouth.
Nothing ever happened to John Watson, until of course, Sherlock Holmes finally did.
“You know,” Harry began, now that they were far enough from John, “don’t mind me saying so, but you are even younger than I expected. John told me your age, but you’re an absolute child. I mean, you just look so young! You’re one of those – you’ll probably look about twelve when you’re in your thirties.”
He had made John angry clearly, but John was making him angry, so as far as he was concerned they were even.
“Sorry Mrs Hudson!” Sherlock called, then turned back to John, his hand on the door knob. “Ready?”
John poured out two fingers of the scotch he had splurged on last week and, after a healthy sip, found himself a bit curious about the guide, from a technical standpoint. While he didn’t want to arouse his patients, there might be new tips for how to increase their comfort hidden in the linked file. John wouldn’t want his arrogance, if he had any left, to get in the way of that.
“It wasn’t me,” John repeated. “Do you know other people who look like me and sit in on cases?”
“This just in: John Watson thinks eating plain biscuits is inhuman.” But, all the same, Sherlock unfolded himself from the chair, snatched the chocolate ones from John’s loose grip, and walked into the kitchen. John followed after, and leaned against the glass door to the narrow kitchen to watch as Sherlock began tea preparations.
Magnussen stood from his reclined position, and moved towards him around the table. “I think you’ll come see it, all the same,” Magnussen murmured, while dropping the finished cigarette into the tea cup he had just set down on the table.
John took another step back; at the same time, the door to the room swung closed.
“What about his bolt-holes?” Greg continues, still dedicated to the notion of an easy answer, all of which John has already considered multiple times.
“Let me know if you need me, for anything at all,” he said in a falsetto voice, drifting out into the hallway, silent in his felt-soled shoes.
He should have left earlier. He stepped away from Moriarty, and opened the door into the corridor beyond.
John’s expression went through a number of stages, all coinciding with different parts of the transformation process. By the end, John’s face had settled on recognition.
“So many rhododendrons,” he said, awed by a boring houseplant transformed into something quite extraordinary.
Sherlock began a tirade of questions: Had the seacocks on the boat’s hull been difficult to turn? Would they have already been open while the boat was in the bay? (“John,” Sherlock instructed, “say that Mary never had trouble with them.”) Where was the first hole in the boat in relation to the second? What was the state of the ballast? How would the stability of the boat been affected by the shifting of the ballast? Could Mary have performed all of this alone? Did the cabin door normally close so tightly? What was the water pressure required to burst the door open?
The Captain’s speech halted as he looked around at the others on the shore, all of whom were thankfully busying themselves. He dropped the volume of his voice all the same. “She saw a body, on the cabin floor.” He swallowed, bowing his head in deference. “It’s… it’s decayed, but she’s sure it was a body. So, you understand why I had to tell you.”
John had heard tales of strange and fantastic abilities in the other intelligent lifeforms known in the universe, but only select people were afforded the chance to travel to the middle ground between galaxies to see them in the flesh. With confidentiality agreements with other lifeforms, rumours from the borders spoke of exaggerated alien biology, and it was never entirely clear what was fact or fiction.
“Not likely.” John had forgotten his bad leg in the adrenaline of the chase, but while the cane in his hand was not currently in use, he still doubted he was capable of more than speed walking.
“Maybe you should change that, dear.”
Sherlock’s eyes were shuttered and his mouth was wide open. Sighs, gasps, and one single, shy moan, left through those parted lips, as quick as a peck on the cheek, and John wanted to kiss him, even more than he wanted to stroke the outline of Sherlock’s erection through the hedonistic thread-count trouser fabric.
Dr Davenshaw seems momentarily taken aback, but this must be in line with her expectations as she quickly recovers.
“Us working together usually is,” John said, only glowering a little. “If you ever let me.”
Wilkes would then appear from behind opening lift doors, and he’d have to cross the room to meet him. He and Wilkes would travel to New York. He lived that too, for a moment. The college boys and young bank clerks Wilkes would decide were suitable people for him to know. Being expected to be polite to them, and everyone, when all he wanted was to be alone with his own thoughts, his only solace from then on.
“Nothing is going on with John.”
If Wilkes had expected to be kept in his confidence, he really was out of his mind. And if he expected an apology, he’d be waiting for a long time. Perhaps Wilkes hadn’t expected anything, as he continued to speak.
More or less ridiculous than solving the Case of the Disappearing Foetuses?
John worked his jaw, as he worked over how he could ever reasonably explain that.
, might have backed out from the actual confrontation at the last minute - but, there was to be no such luck. They met David’s car at the agreed upon crossroads soon after. David appeared grim through his windshield, deadset in his belief, and waved them on ahead. John gripped the steering wheel harder at the sight of him, and Sherlock pressed a hand to John’s knee for the rest of the long trip. The length of the drive was helpful incidentally, as Sherlock had much to think on.
John had imagined he might meet with the Royal Wizard’s righteous indignation, and at worst, possibly be arrested until Sherlock showed himself. Instead, the Royal Wizard only seemed exhausted by the whole affair.
“Why, with this!” With a flourish, he lifted his piece of paper high in the air, before presenting it to Watson.
“Don’t be so sure!” John protested, moving back across the room to the library telephone. “I’ve gotten a reputation for being a right bastard as of late.”
Sherlock kissed him again, uninterested in whatever John thought he had just conveyed. “You don’t need convincing, really, John? If that were true, you’d have had me months ago. I certainly would have let you.”
“It was shocking when she cut it all off,” Moriarty said, dropping his hands from his hair, “but she didn’t care. Shorter hair was easier for hunting and sailing. Did you know she was painted hunting? A famous artist did it, and the picture hung in the Academy. Have you ever seen it?”
“Thanks,” John said, with a wave of his cane.
Sherlock provided him with a cane, and one of the many letters summoning the Wizard Sigerson to the palace.
John’s futile attempts at freeing himself eventually landed him on his front, as he soon lost balance in his bad leg even with his bloody assistive device. John’s arms shot out to protect his helmet’s visor from the impact, but whatever had his legs was long enough to also break his fall.
> I’m sure you’ll have your next question for the case study ready for me tomorrow.
John had almost forgotten he was meant to be on an actual mission, until he received a call from Greg coming through on the ship’s communication feed.
His mind should have been focused on useful considerations, like the soil samples he’d collected. Instead, it revolved around the same two thoughts: the first, that John Hamish Watson had asked him to call him John, and the second, and perhaps more astonishing, that John’s lips had been pressed against his head. John’s lips had then remained, against his head, for a full twenty-two seconds. These were admittedly much more pleasant than thoughts on dirt.
“But, you got back together with her! At Christmas,” Sherlock said, speaking each word slowly, as if perhaps John had forgotten.
Must they. Tedious. He wore his new suits and a forced smile, knowing that if he attempted too much conversation he would be unable to suppress his ruder comments. They each had their own part to play in the performance, and his was that of the docile new husband. And no one could accuse him of not being a good actor.
“Did she use it a great deal?” he asked.
“Of course. Yeah, of course I do,” John assured him, brushing an escaped curl back from Sherlock’s forehead. “I love you. But, you already knew that.”
A cry of
Sherlock didn’t know how much more of this he could take. “Did you suppose Mycroft and I had materialized one day?”
John sat back, attention shifting to the quiet murmur of the telly on the wall across the room. There was a police investigation, apparently. Multiple, and oddly similar, suicides.
Now he had been drawn out into the real and physical world, and it was unclear how he would ever return to his baseline. If he were to be with John every day, he imagined he wouldn’t want to. But he and Wilkes would eventually leave Monte Carlo, whenever Wilkes decided he’d had enough, and John Watson would of course return to Manderley, where he belonged.
“This is John Watson, my new flatmate,” Sherlock said as introduction. “And this is Archie, my apprentice of sorts.”
“Excellent! Sign here Mr Stamford, if you will. Now, the only thing left to do is plant the note, and wait.”
Sherlock’s back bent lower as he drew in the dirt with increased vigour, and John felt compelled to avert his eyes from the castle’s unmoving legs.
By any standard John spoiled him, but in the way a benevolent guardian would dote on their young charge. Perhaps because they were not lovers in the physical sense, he felt the distinction keenly.  John often moved towards him as if to kiss him, like he had after proposing, but something always held him back. Each time John leaned in, John would look at him so intently before retreating, as though he had thought better of it. John would reach for his hand instead, or brush his hair back from his face, or bestow any number of other calming, pleasant touches. Which he liked, but would have preferred for John to commit to what he suspected was the original intention in initiating these exchanges between them.
John’s head quirked to the side, and his lips pursed into a bemused smile. “You can’t? Is this some kind rule we haven’t covered?”
“The Royal Wizard will see me now,” John read. “Listen, I only came here to—”
Lord, Holmes, you know who it is already?” Stamford asked.
—he expected John to interpret a phone sex hotline for him.
The man lifted one eyebrow, no hand gesture needed.
as he followed that exact suggestion, coming all over that unblemished skin.
John let out a breath, something similar to a laugh. “With anyone else I would consider that a bad sign, but God knows you don’t notice people coming and going when you’re clean. It’s very late, Sherlock. She went home.”
“Don’t be shy - feel it, hold it,” he said, “I haven't washed it since she wore it. Everything’s the same here, since the night she drowned.”
“Of course, I just want you to be happy! And I grant you he can be attractive in certain lights, especially if you think about his bags of money rather than the bags under his eyes. Though I am sorry, I think you’re making a big mistake – one you will bitterly regret.”
_______
The hallway is tight, cramped with just him and Greg. The whole house is cramped. The area they’re standing in is softly lit from the bedroom and living room, and John can see dust in the air. He wants to search for discrepancies, clues, anything, things Sherlock would know to look for and know how to interpret. Had that picture been hanging crooked when he’d rushed through here this morning?
John then reported back to Greg’s grim hologram projection that the broken unit he had come to fix was fine, and that the bot that had needed repairs after two days was also handled.
Sherlock looked up, startled. They were sitting at their cluttered dining table—a hat box with an alarming smell to his left, and a 1816 painting of two gentlemen riding in the countryside to his right. Their plates had been cleared long ago, and Watson sat across from him, as always, eyeing him with curiosity.
“Yes. You used to keep track of him, didn’t you? After the press turned on him?” Sherlock countered, rotating in his chair at the kitchen table to face the living room. The best defence was a good offence, after all.
by the way, and now you’re flirting with The Woman in the great hall? Are you trying to humiliate John?”
It was also enough to make a man suspect he was about act like a foolhardy idiot, but John would burn that bridge when he got there. After the photo of dead toes, a saner person would be more reluctant to agree to a meeting. But John had a therapist, so he was allowed to be a bit looser there. Besides, Sherlock, like John, kept a personal blog, which fit every detail Sherlock had provided about his profession so far. Creating an entire website seemed too elaborate a ruse just to catfish someone, if it even counted as catfishing, seeing as Sherlock had never sent John a photo. John’s imagination had been forced to do some heavy lifting on that front, and frankly, it was ready to call it a day.
John thought of Sherlock alone on the empty blue planet, occupying themselves with ship reconstruction and breaking open bots. John thought of himself, back on his own blue planet, lonely in a bedsit after being discharged, and setting off into space the first moment he got the chance.
“I just didn’t want that arrangement,” John thought to clarify.
Before leaving their room that morning, John had come over to his side of the bed and had kissed the top of his head. John had whispered goodbye. He had feigned sleep, and now regretted it. A bit.
[shows up three weeks later with under 3k of extra...this] what can I say sex is weird
“Amazing,” John cried, feeling his shoulder through the suit. “You can do it for other people. It’s not just restricted to your body. And you can do it through clothes.”
He had never been made more uncomfortable by someone simply looking at him. Attempting to gain control of the encounter, he outstretched his hand in offering, and raised one brow in inquiry.
“And you never expressed your opinions to the authorities again, I take it?”
He hadn’t meant for them to fight, but a bit of bickering was always going to be par for the course with them, he supposed. John kissed him back immediately, without question, but broke away after only fifteen - no maybe twenty - he had lost count - seconds.
Despite Moriarty having been instructed to check if the coast was clear, the man seemed unsurprised to find them chatting in the morning room. Perhaps Moriarty had known that Magnussen wanted an audience with the new master after all, and had left them the opportunity. Very little seemed to escape Moriarty’s notice.
Sherlock appeared shocked, and for a moment Sherlock’s eyes, with irises perfectly matching the tone of their skin, betrayed a depth of emotion John wondered if he was imagining.
“They’re all idiots,” Watson said, and Sherlock turned to face him in surprise. “And I beg to differ, sir. Going out of your way to help a friend with such a scheme.” Watson lifted one finger, looking arch indeed. “I think you might be quite the bleeding heart, in fact.”
John couldn’t quite bring himself to even mouth the word, and settled for motioning to his own nipple with one finger.
John rubbed the back of his neck, having almost forgotten his earlier expedition. “That—yeah. Archie wanted to—”
He tried to protest, but only managed to make a disgruntled sound in indignation. In the end, was he really so obvious?
“Mind telling me why we just left everyone back inside?” John asked once they were on the stoop, still too relieved about the failed pregnancy test to actually be miffed with him.
He sat in John’s armchair, curling his feet up beneath him. He steepled his hands together, and closed his eyes. He had never felt more ill.
Moriarty went on twisting the handle of the door, and then looked up at him again. Moriarty was watching his eyes, hesitating before replying, and when he spoke his voice was quieter even, and more toneless, than it had been before.
Sherlock paused, and then added quickly, “And, re-programming the bot routes with the shuttle’s coordinates so that they all hit the ship. Good thinking. Brilliant, even.”
The day of the party, Manderley’s air and physical appearance were truly something to behold, lights hanging from strings all along the exterior, and the sound of the band practicing from within spilling out across the lawn. He, for once, was in tune with the house - a ball of energy, constantly moving and ensuring their plans were performed exactly as dictated. Every detail had to be exact. And most importantly, John’s spirits seemed to be lifted. John, as promised, mostly kept out of their way, but he consistently caught John watching them all with a pleased smile whenever he himself lifted his head from giving a tirade on the floral arrangements.
“Do you ever wonder?” Moriarty whispered. “Sometimes I do. I wonder if she comes back to Manderley. I wonder if she comes back, and watches you and Mr Watson together.”
However, he was well aware that it wouldn’t. It was this that made him almost resent the brief acquaintance. His life before hadn’t been happiness, but there had been a safe simplicity in his boring existence. He had developed his mind to be an expansive and nearly tangible place, which acted as both an index and somewhere he could envision himself physically. He could almost have lived there, only being drawn out when his presence was demanded by Sebastian, and returning as soon as he was finished.
> Yeah. I just said I did. I don’t like to repeat myself ;-)
Watson’s regimentals were eye-catching. Distracting. It was a good thing the object of the evening was to apprehend a petty thief, rather than anything actually strenuous on the mind.
That comment John could have forgiven. It was his friend later accusing him of having a crush on Sherlock Holmes that truly spelled the end of their friendship.
“You’d like that wouldn’t you,” John had murmured, teasing with the edge of his nightshirt. “For me to lift this up, and have you?”
. You don’t know anything, do you? An amateur detective, thinking he can see everything, when you see
_______
> Funny. If I was my sister, I might’ve just written lol.
“Haven’t you any family?” Watson pressed.
The man still had the wherewithal to mouth,
“Yes, I can see you agree – there’s no reserve about me, whereas John is all reserve, isn’t he? So very quiet, so reserved. Some might think him a simple man, because of how closed off he is. They couldn’t be more wrong - I swear I never know what’s going on in that funny mind of his. I often lose my temper, flare up, but then it’s over. When John loses his temper – my God – does he lose it. I wonder if he’ll ever lose it with you?” she asked, speculatively. It sounded like a casual threat.
“Oh, that’ll be Anderson,” John replied. “He’s harmless. His father used to be one of the keepers, he lives near the home farm.”
“Oh my God,” John gasped, reaching towards him with his lubed hand, before thinking better of it. “I hurt you. Oh God, I—”
Well. He wouldn’t be asking about that again.
“I was starting to think you didn’t have a name,” John said, and Irene laughed. It didn’t make her any more likeable, John thought.
He craned his neck to the side to have a full view of John’s reaction. “Do you still blame me for that?”
The red blinking message projected onto the wall of John’s room required him to squint in the dark to read it. And once he had, he sighed.
“Hello Molly, can you tell whoever is responsible for this room that the flowers need replacing, and the room needs airing,” Sherlock requested motioning to the wilting hydrangeas.
By the end of the Captain’s speech, his attention had fully moved to John, who had at last dropped his hand from his face, and nodded. John’s face was drawn tight, lined and tired.
“You said you expect developments,” Watson explained, one eyebrow lifted. “I was wondering if you might tell me what they are before they become apparent, or if you were going to maintain your usual suspense.”
The wing was silent, but due to the sunny day outside, the dark paneling was illuminated as he continued down the hall. He noted it was still just as musty and damp as he remembered, the entire area feeling unused. And yet, Magnussen had been brought here.
Instead, he said, “It’s late – should we – do you wish to go back?”
A plate of cold chicken was thrust in front of him, and he looked up to see he was now to be accompanied by Lestrade. “What am I supposed to do with this?” he asked, growing tired of people approaching him.
Sherlock’s eyes widened a fraction, and then became expressionless, almost blank. It was the kind of look that put John immediately on edge.
John turned his head back to look at him warily.
At some point they maneuvered themselves away from the wall and backwards into John’s room, till they hit the edge of the bed. They naturally sat down, never breaking apart from one another.
John wars between being impressed (as he always is) and disapproving of the abrupt mention of a late husband to a woman who has recently lost a pet.
This roused Sherlock from staring into the fire. “No, no, it’s yours. I won’t sleep tonight anyway.”
John may have been playing dumb, but he was not in fact a dumb man. It was readily evident to John that both he and the mysterious video feed person knew exactly what (or rather, who) was on BAK 2212, but hell if John was going to give an inch.
John liked to think that Sherlock might have understood him; he had likely been friendless, somewhat strange, and perhaps a bit sad. While John’s mum had always brushed over the parts that had hinted at Sherlock’s past bad habits whenever she read the books out loud, John wasn’t an idiot. He was old enough to know about drugs, and what those sorts of skeletons in the closet might mean. John also knew that regardless of Sherlock’s vices and insecurities he would still be fascinating, and never boring.
“You were very nosy back then, not that anyone listened to a boy,” Moriarty commented. “Very good of you. That’s when I learned the power of having the press on my side.”
When he opened his eyes, John was staring back at him. “You mean Mary.”
“Money?” Sherlock scoffed. “You think that interests me?”
, to properly
As the subject was settled, they relaxed back into their chairs, exchanging glances that lingered longer each time their eyes met.
John took the bait. “All right, so how do you know that?”
“Yes John, like any other living creature.”
“Well,
“What, sleep with men you met off the internet?” John laughed. “Me neither. Well, this is my first time with a man.”
Excellent. Oh, John, that’s excellent!
“Harry is short for Harriet, Harry Watson is my sister.”
Sherlock’s arms shot out like springs, with hands like gadgets clasping onto her shoulders with gentle firmness. “Nothing happened that evening? You’re certain?”
Thank as always to my super beta Solitary_Endeavor !!
“Yes,” he responded, though it sounded like a question to his own ears.
> Mocking is mean, teasing is fun.
As Sherlock was currently curled up in John’s armchair, reading with their forearms while chattering away about how asinine the book was (beyond its use of interesting words), John thought he might at least know the answer to the last question.
“Oh, I don’t know! But this is just the sort of thing he likes. The clever ones always are.”
This wasn’t right. This was not how this night was supposed to end.
That’s not it at all. A cheese is a gross mischaracterization, and as you brought it up, so is a potato. Why a potato, John? A potato and celery are of a different genus. They could never be lovers.
“And you have done well for yourself haven’t you?” Magnussen observed, gesturing to the room, and presumably meaning Manderley at large. “Mary put this place back on the map, didn’t she? And I suppose now, you can finally enjoy it. You’ve come out much better than you had ever expected. How lucky your husband fainted when he did, and at such a crucial time in the questioning.”
First: one finger, circling. Second: Sherlock’s body, frozen, unyielding. Third: panic.
When John came back round to the opened hatch of the ship, Sherlock was already back on the ground, waiting for him. They were holding the 3D printed gun loosely in their hand.
John thought that, maybe, Sherlock was more like him than any human John had ever met.
The alien, unsurprisingly, had no concept of social mores. The second John finished, they were already reaching out to touch the bare skin of John’s wrist, and the silver skin changed once more to resemble something closer to John’s skin pigment. John had recently worked a job in AFG 115, which was much closer to a sun-like star, and had developed a tan even through the base’s windows.
“Was it…?” John dared to hope. “Was it because you wanted to see me again?”
“Lestrade will have taken them to the morning room,” Moriarty said, helpful, yet exceedingly not at all.
The questions from then on were sporadic, and less like a series of inquiries.
With a dramatic sigh Sherlock repeats, “
He breathed in, and opened the door for his grand entrance. He just managed to not trip over Gladstone on his first step in, and found himself in the presence of John sitting across from two ladies, a blonde and a brunette.
When there was a long pause, John thought to clarify.
The fire reflected in Magnussen’s glasses, but he could still see the cold smugness of his eyes behind the lenses.
John took a step back.
Hospital. Worse than that, the general ward of a hospital. Silver lining—it was a private room. His eyes focused with weak accusation on (real) John, sitting beside him in a hard chair, back stiff, still in the clothes he was wearing on the plane.
“Mind your tone,” Mrs Hudson added, still looking out the gaping hole in their home. “There’s always been a witch in this castle.”
in, of all people? And after what Mycroft told you!”
John isn’t sure he understands what’s happening. Olives?
“It would be very much like that, except that I am paid and slaves are not," he said glibly, and Watson was now smiling again.
“Yeah, it’s a bit different when you’re a goddamn bat!” John rubbed his face, his constant state it seemed.
The preparations went on for the ball without a hitch, with the three of them holed up in the estate office. He soon discovered he had particular tastes, and excelled at party planning. He even made a miniature model of the main halls, identifying where everything would be and where everyone would go. He would frequently provide John with multiple options only for the man to have no appreciation for the distinction between any of them, and began to take over as main decision maker. Lestrade was far more help in that area, and the two of them began to coordinate more often with each other, with John nodding his assent.
Something the teapot did not know was that the hero who returned the magic teabag thought the teapot was the hero, rather than himself.
“How can you be so sure? That I didn’t mean to kill her,” John asked, strangely desperate. John hadn’t tried to defend himself at any point in their conversation - but then, John didn’t need to, not to him.
John kisses him one last time before leading him down the hall.
At John’s eyebrow raise, Sherlock clarified. “So you have something to press against the wound! Just in case!”
See you next Sunday !
John followed after them and watched as the alien pulled a book down from one of the living area’s many bookshelves that lined one wall. The alien proceeded to rapidly flip through the pages, pressing their many hands to each page as they sped by.
While Sherlock had immediately known John couldn’t have intended to murder his wife, he hadn’t taken that thought to its next logical conclusion. He was still so deeply entrenched in one way of thinking. Confirmation bias - he had focused only on the evidence which supported his presumption, and had ignored anything that contradicted it.
“John,” Sherlock said, when John had just reached the door. “I can make you a pair of seven league boots. You don’t need to take the customers’.”
“Captain Watson is my saviour of the afternoon,” Sherlock explained to Stamford once on the ground. “But don’t trouble yourself, you may still take full credit for us having been made acquainted. We wouldn’t want anyone to think we hadn’t been properly introduced by a third party.”
As John grew older, his imaginary Sherlock Holmes aged along with him, and the difference between their respective ages remained the same. John grew to feel protective of this younger Sherlock, despite the actual Sherlock being many years his senior.
“I got used to it,” he said woodenly, his thoughts elsewhere.  What would John think? They were to leave this morning obviously, for America.
Sherlock is actively holding his breath for an answer, which is a difficult thing to do with the object of his affections lying on top of him.
When Sherlock at last stood from the sofa, wrapping his coat around his shoulders, he said, “I will—keep that in mind.”
,” he advised as she leaned forward, in a low conspiratory tone.
“Just a few things, I thought it might be nice to freshen it up.”
“How could you let that happen?” Better. “John, I said I need to be back at Baker Street. Ideally, at a quarter past
The finished product was something that came across more ‘lovesick puppy’ than any other blog post John had ever written, and that was actually saying quite a lot.
John looked at the message on the screen for a beat before deciding. In for a penny, in for a pound.
John was still smiling as he murmured, “I was actually thinking - I thought you could rename it, if you like.”
John had only been on BAK 2212 for two earth days before finding Sherlock, but those had passed in such excruciating slowness as to feel like a lifetime, especially in comparison to the madly entertaining fourteen earth days John subsequently spent in Sherlock’s company.
“Because of this,” Sherlock replied, removing the case from its hiding place in his jacket, and passing it to John. John, looking quizzical, opened the clasp and sucked in a quick breath at the sight of the syringe.
The Queen paused in front of them, considering. “Perhaps, it is not wise to force witches and wizards to fight our war. Many of our best sorcerers will be lost to their current monstrous states.”
“Are you leaving me behind again?” John yelled. “You can’t keep doing that!”
“Join us for a drink!” the same soldier called, while the others eyed his bad leg.
John’s face was the definition of confusion. “I don’t understand,” he said, shaking his head.
The hero’s a Bialettia Moka pot.
His displeasure at the comment must have shown on his face, as John made to move towards him, but hesitated. “Well,” John said. “I’ll see you later?”
>> location: BAK 2212
Moriarty moved away from him and closer to the bed, where he ran a hand along the coverlet from top to bottom.
Watson’s silence was now painful, and it would have been clear to any other audience that he did not wish to discuss it further. Even though he hated allowing Wilkes to embarrass him, he began to again feel uncomfortable by association. He didn't like experiencing guilt, and especially not secondhand. He willed Sebastian to stop by glaring daggers at the back of his head. This did very little. If anything, Wilkes increased the volume of his voice.
The trouble was, John had been unsure of Sherlock’s interest even prior to revealing that he’d killed his wife in self defence. John had divulged so much of himself to Sherlock, while also dealing with the knowledge that his mistake could be discovered at any moment. Beyond confessing his own feelings, Sherlock had not reciprocated in kind.
“Parties and entertaining, I would much rather leave to you,” he said, hoping that if he emphasized this would still be in Moriarty's control, Moriarty would leave off.
Sherlock’s only response was a withering look and a quick exit, not unlike the escape they had just witnessed. John caught up with him by the time he hailed a cab all the same, and Sherlock, out of habit, held the door open for him.
unsaid.
John shook the hand, wishing he was wearing a pair of gloves that soft and supple to the touch. “As you might have gathered, I’m John.”
Sherlock blinked, scalpel in his hand still raised.
“You sleep naked,” Sherlock remarked, as if participating in an entirely different conversation. John realized that at some point in his sleep he’d kicked of the bed pallet’s covers, leaving his body exposed.
“I swear I won’t go back in the cottage, just - you won't send me to the asylum, will you?” Anderson pleaded.
John felt caught out, and also reasonably confused. How could the man possibly know there was anything to find on BAK 2212?
“The downloaded templates come with bullets already in them—” John began to lecture, rubbing his forehead with his thumb, “and why am I even saying this? You probably know and just don’t care. Why are you making weapons?”
“I’ve seen those things before,” John said, though this only became apparent to him once he had said it aloud. He had seen them. But where?
At this point John’s patience is non-existent. “What? What is it?”
John bit his lip, looking slightly chagrined. “I’ve been confrontational lately, I’ll admit. But one of us needed to be. It got us here, didn’t it?”
Sherlock sunk lower in the bathtub, inadvertently giving away his location with the noise of sloshing water. It sounded guilty even to him.
“Like Sherlock Holmes,” John said. He found he was rather glad of that fact, actually.
“If you don't think you’re happy, it would be much better to admit it,” he said, dropping John’s hands from his loose grip. “I never want you to pretend anything, not with me. I'd much rather go away, and stop this.” When he spoke, he was nonchalant. Like commenting on the weather. Or the tea growing cold.
“A criminal mastermind? But what does that have to do with - ?” John trailed off, motioning to the Doctor’s house behind them.
> You’re describing how you like getting your head rubbed.
“You mean,” John said, voice pitching lower, “When I had a crush on you?”
She looked at him confidently, and John slowly nodded, however reluctantly.
John clenched his fists and squeezed his eyes shut, willing for the image to vanish from his sight. But all he saw was Sherlock’s broken body, his eyes unfocused and dull, not what his eyes are supposed to be—a tidal wave of emotion that takes a hard eye of the storm to mask over. John inhaled slowly, but his chest didn’t budge, and he swayed on his feet. Sherlock’s voice was a mere murmur, which slowly vanished all together.
Sherlock hurried onto the Intensive Care floor, and headed directly to John’s room. There were a couple of doctors—Robbins and the other Sherlock didn’t recognize, and Margaret, the nurse—standing outside of John’s door.
“Sherlock I think—.”
Sherlock grinned and took John’s wrist in his hand. He pulled him towards the bedroom, closing the door behind them and leaving the radio playing softly in the background.
Sherlock sat in front of Dr. Willoughby desk, and glanced at the bookshelf behind the doctor.
“What do you think you’re—no Sherlock, lay back down. You’re in shock, you need—.”
John drank his tea and fell into a light doze, and then he had fifteen minutes before his appointment. He had hoped for a shower that morning, but it had slipped his mind until now, so he mentally noted to take one later, and then he left.
Sherlock slowly looked up at him, but his expression remained quizzical.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Moriarty.”
“Who the hell are you?” John asked, but was ignored.
Sherlock exhaled roughly, and licked his chapped lips. He tried to speak again, but he only croaked. He let out a frustrated huff and looked up at the ceiling.
He wasn’t dead, but would be unconscious for several minutes at least, giving John plenty of time to find Sherlock and get them off this sinking ship. Stiffly limping back towards the stairs, John took one at a time, senses on high alert as much as he could manage in his injured state for any other potential assaults.
“Good evening, John. Would you like me to give you another dose?”
It wasn’t until the sunrise began to stream its early rays through the destitute window when John noticed a figure, fitted in a tailored suit almost to sculpted perfection, perched on the end of his bed.
“Nothing of interest,” Sherlock muttered with annoyance.
John gulped, his heart thumping painfully in his chest. “Are you going to leave Sherlock?”
*            *            *
Sherlock turned on his heel but wasn’t fast enough; she caught his arm mid twirl and held him there gently. “I did love him. Both David and John. But I let sentiment get the better of me.”
Mycroft was avoiding his gaze, but only for a moment, and then he looked up, his face grave.
“Will you…get your violin? It’d be nice to listen to something…”
John led him to Mrs. Hudson’s flat, and paused outside the door. On the wall was a gate, which definitely wasn’t there before.
“Because—,” Sherlock cut himself off and then lied back against the pillow, staring at the ceiling. He sighed, and started to turn away from John, attempting to avoid the question. John reached for his shoulder and held him in place.
, 2010.”
“John—.”
“Relax, John,” Sherlock said again. John faced him and parted his mouth. His tongue felt heavy and he sounded out the word before he spoke in a hoarse slur.
John inhaled deeply, and then winced. “Yeah, all right.”
“John…” Sherlock breathed out. He was close…so very close…
“John—”
John entered the hospital room late one morning, carrying Rosie with him this time.
Sherlock stared at John. With a mere glance of the room and back at John, Sherlock nodded once in understanding. His eyes were full of sympathy, but John saw it as pity and stepped towards the detective, his face reddening with anger and his fists clenched tightly at his sides.
Lucy shook her head. “My father went through everything they had, but couldn’t find any. He took her off her medication for a brief time, not long enough it would be dangerous, but the symptoms didn’t stop.”
“So you’ll never be seeing her then?” Sherlock asked as he settled back into the sofa.
Sherlock nodded slowly. “I never read his tales. Never saw the appeal, since it’s in Old English, what’s the point…”
Sherlock ran his hands over John’s body, checking for injuries, and saw blood dripping lightly from his head.
“The other side,” Sherlock said.
John narrowed his eyes and shook his head. “No, it’s not!”
“You sure?”
Sherlock nodded and looked at John. John looked at their interlocked hands as he spoke, rubbing Sherlock’s knuckles as soothingly as possible.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
*            *            *
Sherlock didn’t move for several seconds, and John started to dread he wouldn’t come at all. But then Sherlock shifted, and slowly moved to the side of the bed. He removed his coat and settled against John, tensely. John wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s shoulder and pulled him closer.
*            *            *
“I trust you can hand him over to us, Mycroft,” the man said calmly.
Sherlock looked upon the body and his brows furrowed.
“Yeah, it was something to do with Sumatra Road.”
“Yes car, not carriages.” Shillcott replied. “We have a man enter, no one else around, and then when the train comes back to the only station between these two, no one gets out.”
The man lowered his hand to the point between spine and tailbone. “Here?”
John nodded, unable to find the words. They leaned forward together and kissed each other, already picking up a pace. John leaned back until he rested his head on a pillow. Sherlock scooted up until he was lying over John’s body and was still face to face with him. Their kisses deepened and became more drawn out. John ran his hands along Sherlock’s hips, while Sherlock caressed John’s lower back and side. John moved his hands along Sherlock’s back, and then rolled to the side, flipping them. Sherlock squirmed underneath him and then parted his legs, expanding room for John to fit in perfectly.
“Yes, god Sherlock, you feel amazing—.”
Sherlock stared up at him. “That’s why I’m leaving it. I don’t want to get it wet. And besides, if I fall in, at least I’ll have something dry to put on. And, it’s July, it’s not that cold out.”
“Where is he?”
John cried out, finally hearing his own voice coming from his throat, reassuring him that he was in fact, still alive. The night sky glistened above him in between rooftops, and Sherlock was looking down on him.
Subscribe to my account for more angst! There will be more coming soon :)
John opened his eyes and looked at the wall in front of him. Sherlock’s voice was not what it was supposed to be. John had even (for a moment) expected Sherlock to boss him around into eating, going on about the extensiveness of a food tube, but he didn’t do any of that. Instead, Sherlock hovered, barely touched him unless he needed help, and spoke in that coddling tone of voice.
John shook his head softly. “Not until we talk, Sherlock,” He said sternly, yet his voice was quiet. “I can see the bandage peeking out from your coat. What happened?”
“Indeed.”
John’s thought was interrupted with he felt a prick and then a flurry of movement.
“John?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened and he shook his head. “No—I mean, yes, I know who it’s from, but I’m surprised it was sent to us.”
“Your fiancé who committed you signed you up for another month. She felt like you weren’t improving, and she had access to your status as well. She knows you haven’t been talking.”
Rosie made a little incoherent noise, and waved her hand, which was holding a stuffed animal, a bee, at Sherlock, and weakly tossed it.
“Oh, my boys!” Mrs. Hudson gathered Sherlock in a tight hug, his chair proving not an inconvenience. She let him go and went towards John, who stood up and greeted her in a hug as well.
“Oh Sherlock…” Her voice cracked as she lunged at him and drew him into a tight hug. “I knew something terrible would happen eventually, the way you two run off chasing criminal.” She sniffed and led him inside. Sherlock eyed her carefully and followed her into the sitting room.
There was a knock at the door unusually early one morning. John, who hadn’t even had his tea yet, sauntered to the door and opened it to the grey, crisp morning air.
(See the end of the chapter for
.” The detective said sternly.
The next day was turning out to follow the routine of yesterday. Sherlock was currently laying on the sofa, legs stretched out in front of him as he dwelled in his boredom.
John shook his head. “Just…turn off the water and get me some clothes.”
“Yes.”
“I never said that it was.”
voice right before seeing him—and yes, he saw him!
“Well, just…” Sherlock stuttered. This was rare and unusual for the detective to not find his words—it wasn’t like him at all really. A sudden thought infiltrated John’s mind. These thoughts tended to creep in once in a while, so far about once a day since the hospital. The first one was the day after John woke up. He had been dozing off, when the atmosphere turned cold for no apparent reason, and he thought the worst possible that Sherlock, who was getting something to eat at the time, was in fact a hallucination, and the real Sherlock was dead. John had begun to panic, his breathing becoming shallow and quickening. Sherlock had walked in to find John clutching his chest and tears spilling out and streaming down his cheeks. He rushed forward and began rambling on how he was sorry he left for only a moment and that he was really here, alive and well. John had clutched onto him for hours; the tears slowly subsided and the sobs turned into ragged deep breaths. Eventually, John fell asleep in Sherlock’s arms, and woke up still locked in the embrace.
“Victor,” Sherlock greeted. John couldn’t tell if the greeting was warm or not, but didn’t think it mattered; they were together apparently. John felt something odd flutter in his abdomen, but he quickly pushed it aside and looked at the flowers as the man—Victor—set them down on the bedside table.
“I probably won’t even sleep during this case so you might as well take the bed,” he stated, since it was the obvious arrangement.
“I also had Mrs. Hudson send some jumpers and pajamas. So whenever you’re up for it, you can change. You still have the catheter though, so it’ll have to be adjusted.” Sherlock’s cheeks reddened and looked away.
“Then why—”
John blinked, his eyes stingingly slightly as he wrapped his other arm around Sherlock’s back.
“Have you had any more?” Sherlock asked. He feared the answer, but John simply shook his head gently.
“Just scoot up a bit.” John said gently.
“Do you want to try sounds or the alphabet?”
John shuffled again, and Sherlock could have sworn he heard him clench his fists.
“What?” John asked lightly.
Sherlock barely processed it, but by the look of Mycroft’s shocked face, it was apparently good news.
John pulled away abruptly and stared at Sherlock, his eyes widening slowly with shock and regret.
John snapped. He leaned forward and with his arms, slid and pushed everything off the table, sending it crashing to the floor by the door. The newspaper in Sherlock’s hand fell to his lap, and he impassively looked at the mess. John leaned back against the pillows and stared at the ceiling.
“I know. That’ll take time. Just as long as you know that
“Phone records? To who?”
“I don’t know.”
“And his response?”
“Mhm?”
“I’m afraid it’s the only option. There’s likely some internal bleeding, and it needs to be controlled. And, it looks like your healed ribs re-fractured again, but we’ll take an x-ray just to be sure. Just hang tight, I’ll be right back.” Vanessa quickly left, leaving the two in a tense silence.
This time John shrugged and turned his face away, but Sherlock caught the rising blush on the man’s cheeks and smirked.
Sherlock scoffed at that word. “In some ways, yes.”
“He trusted you as a doctor, a profession that was not
“All right?”
John smiled nervously. “I wanted to let you know that I want to spend the rest of my life with you. That whether it’s like this, or if we get married, however you like, that it’ll be us, and we won’t waste anymore time.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Yes really. I'm here for the rest of my life. Then we can retire together, wherever and whenever you want.”
“I’m sure you can imagine,” Victor added.
“No matter what I say he will use your feelings against you!” Sherlock finally snapped. “I don’t know what I have to say to prove to you that I don’t love you, but it’s the truth and it’ll ultimately save you. Okay, yes I care about you but I don’t love you and I never will! This relationship was convenient to keep you sane from your tumor and to keep things from you! To distract you!”
“Please,” John begged. “It’ll be familiar and something I can look forward to when you tell me…”
Sherlock pinned David to the ground and glared furiously at the man. “If John had been killed I would kill you right now. Consider yourself lucky.” He growled at the man beneath him. David paled and resisted from fighting the detective.
Mycroft smirked. “Will it?”
“Wh-what the hell are you doing?” John demanded.
John swallowed tightly against the sudden lump in his throat, and looked at Mandy, signally he was ready.
Sherlock held the door to their flat opened, and John headed up the steps. His leg was sore and unused to this amount of activity, but it wasn’t unbearable. He headed to the kitchen, and sighed when he realized he didn’t even have his morning tea.
Mycroft nodded. “He matched the description. Jack Bauer was part of CTU, like John said. He was the director, until he was wanted for treason. He vanished off the grid before they could arrest him. He’s been under the radar since 2007.”
John kept his gaze down, the hand cupping his jaw slowing sliding away. Clearing his throat, he responded. “No, no nothing like that.”
John’s head shot up, and widened his eyes. “What—.”
“I can’t leave John.” The hallucination mumbled.
John stared at Sherlock, but he wasn’t disappearing. “Good because I don’t want to see you anymore. I want to live so…go now! Leave! I-I
“Fine. But you’re going to look like even a greater idiot when we get the results. And you owe me when we get home.” Sherlock turned around and left without a word to Lestrade.
“S-stupid…” John mumbled. He inhaled sharply, but winced. It was still hard to breath. Vanessa pressed against his abdomen, causing John to inhale sharply again, and groaned. It was tender—
John unclipped the oximeter form his finger and removed the wires and patches attaching him to the heart monitor. It was lunch break for the nurses—he had that schedule memorized by now, so he didn’t worry they would notice right away.
Sherlock relaxed his face and stood up and took the tea. He quickly kissed him on the cheek and then headed to the window, taking a sip of tea and then reaching for his violin. John shuffled his feet and placed his tea on the table, and then walked up to stand behind Sherlock.
Mary didn’t respond, and then Sherlock chuckled humorlessly. “You knew Stan would be there, and wanted to save him. You couldn’t risk losing your father to the law and your husband—.”
Sherlock held John for several hours. When John seemed to have finally fallen into a deep sleep, Sherlock stood up slowly and carried John
“I love you,” he murmured.
“Yes. We had just tracked him down to the town where you were, and acted as quickly as possible. He was the last known associate. There are still small groups but we have eyes on them.”
“No.” He whispered. “You’d probably know if I did. But I haven’t.” The man reassured.
*            *            *
A yell emerged from the bedroom, short and quickly cut off. Sherlock jumped out of his chair and barged into their bedroom without taking a breath or even calling out and asking what was wrong. What he could see was enough.
“Sherlock, what do we do now? She’ll be back soon—.”
“John…” Sherlock murmured. He broke the kiss and looked at John through slit eyes. John met his gaze, and then welcomed Sherlock without protest as his lover recaptured his lips in a desperate kiss and deepened it with his tongue instantly. He leaned forward and lay on top of John, his hand still palming his cock and cupping the back of John’s neck. John arched against him and kissed back just as eagerly, running his hands along Sherlock’s side and hips. He felt a little unease, but ignored it.
It wasn’t like what had happened in the shower. John had hoped that would be the last time, but despite what he wanted, his subconscious couldn’t let it all go. Sherlock cut off his leg. He had to adapt, and he had taken it well. But the nightmares—John shivered—he dreaded going to sleep, but looked forward to it as an escape from reality. At his appointments, everyone treated him carefully, and Sherlock was too. He coddled and watched; he took cases behind his back just so, what? So John wouldn’t be jealous? Of course John was jealous. He wanted to run after criminals, laugh until he was out of breath, and walk the streets of London
“It’s not.”
“Just a partial seizure,” Victor informed. “One of the nurses was just here. She said you probably haven’t had a dose of the preventive medication yet—.”
“Hm?”
“It’s going fine,” John answered for him.
A panic sweat infiltrated the room; Sherlock called out to the doctor who had been hovering close by and immediately entered.
John’s face paled and looked at Willoughby, and slowly shook his head. Sherlock caught the exchange and looked at John.
Sherlock sighed. “Okay…but John……I…I don’t know if I can come back.” Sherlock said, his voice trembling completely out of character.
“Of course,” Alex agreed. He handed him a pair of crutches. John used it to walk to the chair, and managed without any help. Sherlock’s hand grazed his waist just in case, but John was quick enough before Sherlock could help him any further. John was grateful of course, but he knew what he could and couldn’t do.
Sherlock was becoming more awake now. “Oh, well that is peculiar.”
“Sherlock.” John whispered, shaking the detective gently by the shoulder. “Wake up. It’s just a dream.”
John paused. “Do you…want me to tell you what happened, what your injuries are?” John was hesitant, and…something was different now that Sherlock thought about it. John was nervous about something.
John leaned back slightly. “I love you,” he said. Sherlock nodded stiffly, and leaned in closer until he was almost touching his lips. “I love you too.”
“You’ve got to be joking? You’re Sherlock Holmes, you should know what’s wrong with me before I do myself! Why don’t you just think?”
Grasping a thin piece of a hairpin, he relaxed his arms and allowed the coat to fall back in place. He twisted the pin and slotted it into the lock, and after a few tries, it clicked open.
“I never said that he wouldn’t.” Sherlock explained.
John had calmed Sherlock down from nightmares before, but this time it took him a few seconds to realize he made a mistake. Sherlock abruptly sat up on the bed and half-lunged half-growled at John, sending hot tea out of John’s hand and spilling over his arm and the blankets. John gasped and flinched away, stumbling. The crutches fell from under his arm as he stumbled backwards; he tried to catch them but missed. John tried to hop and regain his balance, but he didn’t do it in time and fell onto his right side, landing hard on his right wrist and one of the crutches that had fallen behind him.
Doctor Grey looked at the detective for an explanation, but she was ignored.
“May I?” He asked, his intentions quite clear.
“Sherlock—,”
A big thanks to the following who commented and made my day:)
(See the end of the chapter for
John groaned and tried to push against them, but the exhaustion increased and his vision started to blur.
Willoughby gave him a sympathetic look. “I’m sorry. You could just be looking too much into it. It could be him aging?”
John processed this, and internally cringed.
Sherlock had his arms crossed protectively over his chest while he tentatively paced the room in front of John’s bed, unsure of what to do. He froze in his pace and took one last look at his friend before rushing out of the room past Mycroft, rushing down the hall, and then breaking into a run out the doors.
John was raising his voice now, leaning forward and staring accusingly at Sherlock. He clenched his fists and paced in a circle, intending to leave but changing his mind and rounding onto Sherlock again.
John pondered for a moment, and Sherlock remained silent.
Sherlock scoffed lightly. “Of course not.” He offered a small grin, but it was strained very slightly, enough for John to notice.
“Yeah that.”
John stopped squirming; the water began to settle around them.
John furrowed his eyebrows. He set the note aside and removed the plastic, only to gasp and freeze in place as a cold chill ran down his spine, filling his mind in dread.
“Not an overdose.”
“And?”
Sherlock only nodded, and then Robbins left. He could hear the others murmuring, Mycroft sneezing, and Lestrade trying to stifle a yawn. The door closed and then all he could hear was the slow beep of the monitor, the slow descent each vital was taking, and the slow beats John’s heart was making.
Once he was out of sight, Mycroft seated in John’s chair and crossed his legs.
John remained tense and he closed his eyes as his breathing quickened. His embrace around Sherlock slackened and the detective twisted around in the man’s lap so he could see his face. He raised his hands and cupped John’s jaw; he rubbed his thumb against his cheek and held his mouth to the edge of his jaw.
His heart pounded hard against his chest and he stiffly lowered himself and then he slid off the edge back into the room, crumbling into the chair as he tried to catch his breath. Silent tears streamed down his cheeks, and he didn’t wipe them away. He rocked himself back to forth, slowly, very slowly, catching his breath.
The doctor let out a startled gasp. Now that was odd. Previous hallucinations were merely illusions, memories from the mind fragmented into present day and wrapped into reality to fool the mind. They had been blurred with uncertainly, and gone before another moment past. They had never, ever spoke before. That is, until now.
Sherlock quickly grabbed John’s hand and held it tight.
John didn’t flinch or respond to the touch. Sherlock moved his hand and carefully wrapped it around John’s hips. He helped John up onto his feet; John didn’t resist nor did he give in. Sherlock had to lift him back to standing, while John clutched his shoulder and whimpered. If Sherlock had let him go, he would fall back down.
Sherlock leaned forward the remaining inch and pressed his lips hard against John’s. John opened his mouth welcoming, and allowed Sherlock’s tongue in without pause. Sherlock explored his mouth and slowed his pace. He started walking forward, and John went along with him. They stumbled down the hall and quickly made it to the bedroom. John fell onto his back on the bed, and Sherlock followed quickly.
John sighed tiredly and tried opening his eyes. He saw a blurry face looking at him, and after a few blinks, his vision started to come into focus.
John peered at the liver and grimaced. He looked at Sherlock beneath him and smiled softly. Before he could speak, Sherlock pushed him off and stood up. He winced as his hand stung; he raised it only to sign with annoyance. He had cut his palm on a shard of glass, and it was inconveniently deep enough for a couple of stitches.
“I…” Sherlock suddenly withdrew his hands, and seemed shyer. “I wish I had been here. When you woke up,” he clarified. “I was with Victor.”
John paused in the hallway and without turning around he spoke. “So what are your plans now?”
Sherlock nodded slowly, but kept his eyebrows furrowed. “You said this morning I had to guess something. Did you plan something?” Sherlock froze for a split second and relaxed his face.
Sherlock nodded. “Kingston’s in custody. I haven’t spoken to him, but I was going to once I knew you’d be all right.”
John woke up later the next morning to an empty room. He stiffly sat up, comprehending only for a moment that he wasn’t feeling feverish anymore, and pressed the nurse’s button. A young woman walked in and greeted him as she looked over his vitals.
“Don’t go—.”
“He seemed rather sad about George. He was charming; obviously cares about his patients and their partners.”
“John? Can you hear me?” Sherlock asked again.
“I’m coming Sh-lock.” The army doctor slurred, his vision blacked but he wouldn’t slacken his grip on the railing.
John hummed to himself. “Mmm—me—be.” It didn’t sound like him; John bit his lip to keep himself calm.
Sherlock ignored his comments and felt his forehead; he was still too warm despite being in the cool bath. The water was turning a light pink from the blood, and Sherlock couldn’t get the bleeding to stop.
The man was wearing a ski mask, and was armed with a rifle and two handguns hung on his hips. He was wearing all black, and his shoes—Sherlock furrowed his brows. He had seen those shoes before.
Sherlock was on the bumper of an ambulance, stating off deductions of the man who shot the cabbie.
“All right…” The man sat at his computer and pulled up footage of the Underground.
Sherlock swallowed a sudden lump and questioned the man in front of him. “That I am what exactly?” he asked, fearing the answer.
“He was attacked and fell, hitting his head. Fletcher probably didn’t intend to kill him, but took the opportunity anyway, and cut off his leg, and then pushed him into the water, washing the blood away. There’s still a little bleeding, but there wouldn’t be much after this much time.” Sherlock sighed and took a step back. He pointed across the river to the docks where a few sailboats were tied up.
Sure enough, Sherlock soon walked out, and Victor was following him. Something was off in Sherlock’s posture, and the way he ran his hand through his curls suggested it too. Victor however, was calm. John sighed, and then winced, his back and chest already starting to ache.
“How-how is he?” Sherlock choked out.
Lestrade blinked at the change of direction. “Er, no. If there was we would have suspected murder from the start.”
John shook his head. “It seemed like it at first, but he was following orders from someone else. When he was in the room, someone else had this mask on, so maybe they have more than one.”
“You’ve been jealous of John since the start.” Sherlock continued. Sirens echoed from the distance, increasing with volume, as they got closer. “This was just a petty attempt to reclaim Mary—no, to punish her. After you betrayed the CIA, she helped you so you stayed with her, but then she ended things. After all this time and you couldn’t get over her. So you targeted John and attempted to frame her. Too bad you’re just a computer nerd.” Sherlock sneered again, loosening his grip and standing up just as government officials barged through the door.
“John?”
“Dammit,” Margaret muttered. Regina entered with a new IV kit, and gave it to Margaret. She then went to the closet and brought out a bucket and a fresh blanket. She handed the bucket to Sherlock, who quickly removed the sodden blanket and placed the bucket in John’s lap.
“Partners, however you want to call it. Dating is dull, but we had years ago—.”
Sherlock nodded and peered up at John hesitantly. “Does this mean…is this a celebratory thing or a let’s-get-drunk kind of thing?”
Sherlock nodded and then immediately wrapped his arms around John’s back. John stumbled backwards slightly, so he leaned forward and wrapped his arms around Sherlock.
“Uh, dull.”
John appeared to think before he answered. “Yeah—.”
Mycroft watched from the window as Anthea waited to be questioned. He had no idea how to proceed at the moment, and remained thinking, until the door opened, and a woman walked in.
“You were busy snogging me and then getting shot,” Sherlock pointed out lightly. John giggled and reached for Sherlock’s arm, only to stop halfway realizing he had taken his off earlier as well. He looked at the medic, who looked at her own watch.
Sherlock lied still in the quiet, focusing mainly on the blond-grey-brown wisps of hair currently under his nose, and he breathed in John’s scent, finding it soothing. A few minutes passed, and then John squirmed underneath him and leaned away slightly. He blinked up at Sherlock and smiled tiredly.
“Don’t lecture me on sentiment again, Mycroft.” Sherlock spat, a cold hard stare gleaming in his eyes. “The game has changed. Sentiment is the only way to end it now. I’m not playing with anyone’s emotions; I’m just using them as an advantage. What I feel for John Watson is no concern to you!”
John blinked and then slowly dropped his hands, realizing how silly he was being.
Sherlock thought. He had found it hidden in the back of the cabinet of random things (he was looking for wherever John kept the tea mugs; he didn’t know). His hand trembled with anxiety and temptation. He picked up the syringe only to hold it and stare at it longer.
John glared at him, but then softened his expression and lowered his gaze.
“Perhaps we are more alike than you like to believe.” Sherlock exposed a look of disgust in response.
I come back. Moriarty has left a network that goes well into Eastern Europe. It’ll take me a year, two at most. The snipers targeting Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, and John are my priority. I have to do all that I can to keep them safe, to keep John safe.”
John gaped at Sherlock. “No I’m not going to—Sherlock, just—enough! Okay? I’m going to go home and take the rest of the day off—.”
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
Sherlock told himself harshly.
“It’s very unlikely he could come back from this.”
Sherlock swallowed tightly, his eyes flickering with something.
“Why?”
“Sherlock Holmes, get out of my way,” John growled.
John nodded, although he was exhausted. He met Sherlock’s gaze for a moment before looking down at the floor.
The man laughed again. Sherlock grinned slightly, feeling oddly intrigued by the invalid. Brushing it off, he looked away, still intent on ignoring the man.
“No it’s not! I love you; I want to be with you. Y-you can’t just ‘play’ with me and then change your mind without an explanation.”
“It’s asystole. What’s his temp?”
John cursed and pulled out his phone, only to find he already had a message.
John shrugged. “I should. But I could always rest later…”
Sherlock looked at him for a moment before looking out the window. He didn’t say anything, and as John waited, he fell into a light doze before he could help it. When he woke up, he realized Sherlock never did respond.
John dropped his head and rubbed his forehead with his hands, like what he did when he had a headache. “I tried to talk you down, I tried and I failed—.”
He shrugged. “Just hiding my story.”
“Just leave me alone.” John rasped, coughing up the last of the bile.
John sauntered into the kitchen and turned the kettle on. He went back to their room and dressed while Sherlock freshened up in the bathroom. A few minutes later, he put his jacket on as he prepared them tea just as Sherlock entered the kitchen.
The man in Sherlock’s flat was quite good, better than average. But he needed to leave now and out of the detective’s flat. Sherlock spotted a pillow and tossed it at the man, landing on his backside.
The next morning, John sat in the lounge on the sofa, and looked out the window. He felt oddly calm and at ease. People moved around him as if he was invisible, but he didn’t mind.
John leapt out of his chair and spun around. Sherlock was on the threshold between the kitchen and sitting room, his dressing gown hanging on his disheveled body, and he was still wearing his old pajamas.
“How are you doing, Sherlock?”
Sherlock tensed, an unease speculation forming in his mind. He pushed the thought away and focused on John’s voice.
The heart line flattened into a continuous beep, and Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, tears leaking out. He whimpered softly and pressed his lips against John’s, kissing them lightly for the first time.
“Okay.” He paused, and then leaned back against John’s chest. “I love you, John.”
“I’ll leave you to it, then,” Sherlock said as he stood up and headed to the shower. His smug grin fell as he looked at John, who only glanced at him before looking away with annoyance. After the bathroom door closed, John stood up and greeted Alex, and then excused himself to change.
“The fingerprint matched a man: Ryan Ackles, an American computer analyst. He’s a wanted man for treason who disappeared about four years ago. He leaked files to Anne before he was caught. She helped him escape. It was suspected they stayed together, but there haven’t been anything connecting them since then. He worked dealt government information in the black market, even with Moriarty. He was never implicated because he was just freelance, never actually employed or in person.”
“Don’t do relationships.” John finished for him, a small smile forming on his lips. “This could be just casual—.”
“It looks like you…have a bullet wound in your shoulder.” She exclaimed. “It’s a…oh, just a through-and-through. You probably wouldn’t need surgery, not immediately at least. I’ll clean it and wrap it loosely, and then have a surgeon take a look, all right.”
“Sentiment isn’t the worst that can happen. It may not have worked out for me, but it could for you, especially with a man like John. Tell him.” Mary said, and then dropped her grip and walked back into her house. Sherlock remained standing there for a moment before turning around and heading towards John.
Day 10
Sherlock wrapped an arm around his waisted and helped him onto the bed. John scooted backwards and started to lie down, when his left hand started to tremble. John gasped softly and clenched his fists, dragging it across his lap to hide it. But Sherlock quickly took it in his hands before John could do so.
(See the end of the chapter for
John nodded, but barely grasped what Willoughby was saying. The doctor left the two for privacy, and in silence, John helped Sherlock get dress. He tied his scarf around his neck, and held his tongue, avoiding Sherlock’s deducing gaze.
The detective looked upon the other man, fondness swelling deep in his chest. He had hoped John would be resistant to the lies he was about to tell, but never in his life had he been so wrong, and so longing to take it all back. It was worse, much worse than he had expected. But he couldn’t go back now. What he meant to say for now was said, and now he just had to keep going, using John’s broken heart against Moran. He knew it was cruel to lie, to withdraw his declaration of his love for John, but he also knew that it was the best way to keep John safe. At least this way, he could pretend it was all true, and that he didn’t feel anything for John Watson, and maybe it’d be enough to preserve his own heart.
“Shut up.”
*            *            *
Sherlock stared at him for a moment and then shook his head, sniffling slightly. John just then noticed the bandage on Sherlock’s forehead, and the dust and blood all over his shirt and jacket.
Sherlock was closer to John, so John reached forward and grabbed Sherlock’s outstretched hand. Sherlock was startled, but John pulled him harder until Sherlock was pressed up against the railing, nearly leaning over towards John’s chest. John leaned up and gathered Sherlock in a hug, bring him close to his chest; Sherlock suppressed an “oomph” against John’s skin, and didn’t try to pull away. John’s shoulder wound protested, but he ignored it.
The pain once again increased and trembled his body into near havoc. Sherlock held him gently and didn’t let go. John didn’t dare open his eyes—he wouldn’t be able to handle the pity or hell, even the uselessness he’d see in Sherlock’s eyes. They both couldn’t be feeling those things at the same time, otherwise they’ll lose, and John didn’t want that. He needed Sherlock to stay strong whilst he healed. So John kept his eyes shut.
, 2014, correct?” Sherlock asked as he stood from his seat and began circling the room.
Dr. Bailey walked in just then, causing John to groan inwardly to himself. He didn’t want to
John noticed his hands were hesitantly by his waistband; John didn’t meet his eye but nodded, and started to pull them down. His muscles had begun cramping a while ago, so he couldn’t move his hands as much as he wanted to. Sherlock pulled his pants the rest of the way off, and set the dirty clothes aside.
Sherlock had started to move towards him, when Silken had thrown against the wall. It had shattered, and the potential precious serum had dripped to the floor.
“But Lestrade is in the other room still.”
“Are you absolutely sure?” Sherlock’s baritone voice echoed against the walls of the morgue as he walked in to see Mycroft looking at a body on a slab.
“I need…a moment.” Sherlock took a breath. “By myself.”
Sherlock stood up swiftly and looked down on John’s disheveled form. In one swift motion, Sherlock bent forward and gathered John into his arms. He carried him down the hall, not caring if John woke up as he did so. There wasn’t much John would be able to do anyway, which Sherlock cringed at that fact, but continued out of the flat.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Isn’t it obvious?”
John hobbled into the ambulance and laid down, exhaustion finally catching up to him. Sherlock took a seat beside him and took his hand as the medic began examining his wound on his thigh.
John shook his head. “I can wait. Tell me.” He smiled, although he realized he was forcing it slightly. Sherlock smiled back, and told him about the case. John managed to stay awake during the whole thing, and was impressed Sherlock had solved it because of the way the nanny holds her purse. Though as Sherlock finished, John finally started to drift off.
“Do you have it?”
“It’s okay John. I’m not going anywhere. I’m here for you.”
Victor nodded. “For a little while, yes. But it always seemed he was thinking of someone else.” Victor smiled softly. “Not in certain moments of course,” he added.
“It could be because of the concussion,” John reminded the doctor. Willoughby nodded assuring and looked at Sherlock. Sherlock stared at the instrument, and then nodded.
John skimmed the papers. There wasn’t much, and most of it was in Sherlock’s hand as he plastered the wall with them. He stood up and stood beside Sherlock, and looked over the papers, catching only a few names and locations, most out of the UK. The causes described of the drug varied, and were minimal, nearly describing any other drug known by the public.
“I can’t,” Sherlock bellowed.
The man mumbled incoherently. His eyes fluttered open and he locked them with Sherlock’s piercing gaze.
“I’m sorry I missed our anniversary.”
John let out a shaky sigh and blinked a couple of times faster, hating that his eyes were already prickling.
“I’m here John. I’m never letting you go.” Sherlock wrapped his arms around the injured man and cradled him to his chest, holding him gently but firm. “I love you too much to let you go.” He murmured.
“Let’s give him some privacy,” Victor offered. He looked at John kindly. “We’ll just get some lunch—.”
“Am I what?” Sherlock softly encouraged him.
“Just think it through, or don’t. It matters to me though, and I want to be with you, so I think space will do that.”
“No! John please—just—let me—my mind—it’s—John!”
“It’s not just—.”
“I’ll wake you up in a little while, John. The doctors want to make sure this isn’t a serious concussion.”
John stepped forward. Sherlock came up to him and wrapped his arms around him, shivering. His coat was drenched, and his skin was too cold, like marble.
The wind seemed to have come to a chilly pause, emphasizing the cold even more so, John thought, especially without his jacket. He was only wearing a button-up shirt; he didn’t even have a jumper.
was right in front of him.
John’s lip trembled, and the shaking in his hands worsened, traveling up to his shoulders and through the rest of his body. John shuddered and hunched forward, wanting to curl up on himself. He leaned forward, and Sherlock caught him. He wrapped his arms around John and held him tightly close. John’s breathing became heavy and ragged. He quickly began to sob against Sherlock’s collar; he clutched at Sherlock’s shirt, clenching his fists tightly in order to suppress the trembling. He muffled his cries into the fabric, but the sound only worsened. Sherlock swallowed tightly and blinked his own tears back; this wasn’t fair. None of this should have been happening, especially to John, this wonderful man he’s spending his life with.
Understanding flooded John’s eyes and he began to whimper. “Why? W-why w-would you do that again—?”
He fell silent, so John was left with his thoughts again. That phrase struck him for some reason…something about everything that has been happening recently, it seemed too much of a coincidence—but the diagnosis was solid, according to Willoughby. John shook himself out of his thoughts, forbidding himself from feeling hopeful and walked to the counter.
The car led them to the garage underneath the building, which had received less of the damage, since the explosion had been on the other side. Paramedics with people on various stretchers were leaving in a rush as the two exited the car and hurried indoors, unsure what had happened.
“Ineedtotellyou—I—okayI’mfineSher—.”
“Dammit Sherlock! No!”
John looked at him with a gleam in his eyes. “Take a case. Any, I-I don’t care, just…call Greg and take a c-case.”
“He doesn’t seem to have any water in his lungs. There isn’t any kind of physical sign that he drowned. It would be proven after an autopsy though,” John said.
“A rat? Interesting. Though you’re further capable of—.”
“I need to stop at the lab afterwards, Molly’s got some bronchitis lungs, says I could take a look.” Sherlock said distractingly. John chuckled slightly beside him as they made their way to New Scotland Yard.
“You could get a cold. Your immune system is still rebooting, as is your heart. Your stress levels—.”
“Bit busy for the afternoon.” John remarked.
“Photos, recordings of his voice, I have a box full of evidence, hard copy and electronic. I can have it brought over in the next hour if you insist.”
“When you went back to your room? After I left?” Sherlock asked.
“Victor?” John’s voice was a hoarse whisper, and his heart only continued to beat rapidly as he watched Sherlock’s expression carefully become cautious.
“You need to stop—”
Why would it? But then, would John move back with his wife? Would he visit Sherlock on the weekends like he was any other ordinary mate?
*            *            *
“How? Why didn’t anyone see you?”
He quickly caught up to Sherlock and walked beside him as they made their way in silence to the house.
“John?”
“They were very settle back then, not necessarily showing up on the tests.”
Sherlock waited until Regina had left, and then looked at John. John looked at him, his eyes soft.
“Just one more step,” Sherlock gently urged as he held onto the belt on John’s waist.
people have then, in real life?”
Sherlock inhaled roughly. He leaned forward and rested his forehead against John’s.
“John?” Sherlock said although he knew he wouldn’t get a response. The distant sound of a car screeching away erupted from the window, and the thundering steps from the men in the sitting room indicated they had rushed to the window. Sherlock slowly stepped towards them, when Moran came at him, his eyes piercing.
“Where can I this Jacob?”
“They didn’t have any tea you would like, so I got you some water.” John looked at Sherlock, but he didn’t respond. John furrowed his brows and glanced up at Willoughby briefly before looking back at Sherlock. But Willoughby’s expression caught him off guard, and he looked back at him.
Subscribe, comment, :)
For the rest of the hour, John nodded most of the time, answering questions about how he felt like he was doing, how he was being treated, and if he had any concerns. John just shook his head to that question, not knowing if he did and not knowing how he would express them even if he did—which he didn’t, as he kept telling himself. Dr. Bailey left; assuring him he would make weekly visits at least, and sporadic ones in between.
*            *            *
Sherlock nodded, and leaned back against the armrest. John carefully scooted closer and then straddled his thighs. Sherlock ran his hands along John’s legs, before reaching up and pulling John’s shirt over his head.
“So you don’t resent him?”
“What? Why? The water—.”
“I can leave if you want privacy?” John looked at Sherlock teasingly.
In a flash, Sherlock dropped his phone and lunged at David, startling the others. Mary gasped and backed away. John remained in his seat, his face furrowing in confusion then quick understanding.
Sherlock stood up straighter. “I wasn’t hiding.”
“Two hours ago, we were being held kidnapped. One and a half hour ago I was forced to figure out if some men wearing masks were you or not, and then watch them being killed. I—.”
Sherlock fell silent, but his eyes were flickering as if he was thinking of what to say next. John closed his eyes and inhaled deeply. He held his breath for a moment, and then slowly let it out. His chest relaxed just slightly, so he repeated the process.
John looked away and nodded. “He did. A few minutes ago. The MRI didn’t show anything different, just a better picture of what’s going on inside. He’s positive to get the whole thing out this time.”
Immediately, John sprung in a jump and lunged towards Sherlock. He pushed him hard against the railing, pushing him overboard and into the water. John came to a hard landing, his head nearly missing the railing, and landed on his stomach. He managed to turn over as the mast crashed into the cabin roof, spit into two, and then continuing forward, cutting into the boat. Part of the mast landed onto the railing, cracking it and caving in. The boat continued to cave inwards, and the edges crumbled inside. John was dragged along by gravity, and slide down into the wreck, where with a sharp jolt, he came to thud. Water rushed in instantly, flooding the lower compartment where John laid, trapped and unconscious with his feet pinned underneath the mask.
Moran shrugged. “Doesn’t seem that way when you’re the one telling me who I get to kill.”
John sighed, lowered his head, and bit his lip. He would have to drag himself onto the bed; he couldn’t bend his leg enough to curl up, let alone lift them up to climb. He could turn around and hop on, but jumping was out of the question.
“Earlier…”
“It’s just a through-and-through, so I may not need surgery,” John reported. Sherlock only hummed and took his phone and sent a text, immediately getting a response from Mycroft. He then grabbed the gun from the counter and handed it to John, but John shook his head.
“Your skin is cold, John,” Sherlock said. “You’re having trouble breathing, and your nauseous.” He raised an eyebrow, but John only furrowed his.
John was sick again, and coughed up whatever contents his stomach had left into the sink. He closed his eyes tightly and swayed.
“He could have choked or hurt his neck!” Sherlock interrupted, glaring at the doctor. “I wasn’t just going to stand by and watch.”
Sherlock thought but kept silent.
“Did you still want to shower?”
The man leaned down and began pressing kisses down Sherlock’s throat. He sucked lightly and was thorough with them. A moan escaped Sherlock’s mouth, one that he did not give permission to. He grinned against Sherlock’s neck and nibbled gently before licking the area. His hands trailed down his sides to his lower back. Sherlock arched up to the touch, their cocks grazing each other.
“Did you fall or something—.” John started, but Sherlock grabbed his wrists and pulled them away from his head.
“John.” The figure spoke again, his eyes still facing the closet wall.
“It was just a reflex. I’ll be fine for a few more hours.”
“Sher—” John choked. Sherlock whipped around and hurried forward, stopping just beside the edge of the bed.
Sherlock’s hands fanned open in front of him as if to say,
“He hasn’t even told me yet Harry,” John said, his aggravation for his sister somewhat lessened as John smiled at him across the room. “He’s going to shock me he’s said.”
Sherlock breathed in deeply, and then nodded. “
What Sherlock was actually driving at was the true nature of John's relationship with Sholto, a subject John had conspicuously always avoided discussing with him, choosing instead to skirt around the elephant in the room.
The man’s expression of exaggerated distaste remained unchanged.
He did not mention the distance from the sea, or John changing his wing of residence.
Which was not good. He couldn’t let John get it into his head that he was welcome to come into Sherlock’s room. If John found the bags, it likely wouldn’t strike him as odd, given Sherlock’s generally unusual habits. Finding Sherlock drinking from them however, might raise some red flags.
“Give me that,” John said, grabbing the phone from Harry’s hands. It could have been a fan’s rendition of his site, John told himself. Fans had done that all the time. Or they had, back when the Sherlock Holmes series had actually bloody existed.
He shot Lestrade a look for drawing the attention to him, and Lestrade looked slyly back at him. The man was a menace.
“And you prevented his execution?” John asked. Somehow in his eagerness, John seemed much younger than his years.
Just like the time many weeks ago in that exact room, Sherlock’s mouth met John’s at the beginning of him forming a word, and moved against his as if attempting to guide him through completing the sound.
Lestrade immediately looked away to stammer, “I have no idea what - what you could mean -”
“Yes,” Watson said. “And I believe she loves her sailor still.”
Sherlock held up his hand to cut off John’s incorrect assumption. “I promise you I’m not suicidal - or at least, not at the moment - but I didn’t draw up the dose. It was left here in the room, to get my attention.”
suggested it, John would host the ball even if it made John miserable. Ergo, it was essential someone other than himself float the idea to confirm or disprove his hypothesis. And Lestrade was no help.
Sherlock’s eyes lowered as he looked away from John once more. “Something like that.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Sherlock’s hard stare from earlier returned, with John once again overly enjoying being the subject under his lens. John leaned forward, naturally drawn toward that attention.
> That makes me sound a bit like an Austen heroine, but yeah, I suppose.
How? Ropes and pulleys?
if these chapters had titles I'd call this one Symbolic Gesture ~ Consummation ~, one chapter and an epilogue left to go xoxo
“And will you marry me?” John asked.
There was nothing here. This was a wasted exercise. Nothing made any sense, and it was high time he left. He couldn’t determine what Moriarty and Magnussen had been doing by rustling about in a dead woman’s clothes.
> Sherlock?
“No,” he said, simply. And maybe that was childish. But him asking John would defeat the purpose. John handled him with kid gloves - if John thought he wanted a ball, there would be a ball. The entire point of the exercise was to return John to his previous vivacity, which would only work if they brought back things John had enjoyed. Honestly, why couldn’t Lestrade catch on.
> Is your hair cut close to your head?
“No!” John said with a laugh. “I know you.”
who owed John so much. He reached out and covered John’s hand over the steering wheel. John glanced at him, and smiled. Sherlock tentatively returned it.
Sherlock’s hips were shifting in a gentle grind against his own mattress; his breaths were fast, visible in the rise and fall of his sharp shoulder blades, his forearms tucked up underneath his chest. Not sure if they were familiar enough for John to dare anything further from the guide, John reached for the handy supply of lubricant, and like Sherlock’s skin, heated that as well as he could.
“We’ll have to walk from here,” John said, unlacing the boots. Fog passed by the castle, obscuring it from their view, but it was no matter as the living scarecrow was on its way over to them at a quick hop. John, the Witch, and the dog met it halfway, and the scarecrow led them back through the mist.
Sherlock at once was overly aware of how long he had been waiting and thinking and fantasizing. He wanted very much to move along with it. He slid away from John, moving toward his bedside table, where he had stashed the oil after his last attempt at similar activities. Sherlock waved his hands at John till he rolled off the bed so that Sherlock could pull the covers down, and then Sherlock primly spread the towel out over the center of the bed.
