Baths.
“You’re so cheerful, god, I don’t know how you manage it at eight every morning.” This colleague picked up their tea, winced, put down their tea (in a clear demonstration of their inability to exude cheerfulness at eight in the morning) and continued, “Cheerful Sandy. More cheery than a box of Cheerios. God help me.”
Yes, He replies at last and it has taken him too long
“John!” He had bellowed across the house to me. “John! These lights won’t stay up. They’re useless. They- they just won’t- this is pointless!”
Empty but solid and not at all seeing with his eyes trained on yours. You wouldn’t care about the cold and you would hold the pallidness of his skin in indifferent regard. It wouldn’t be the deathliness or his blue and pointless lips. No- Merely, it would be the fact that he was once here and now not anymore here because something, a hidden element (you) had destroyed all that is quintessentially
Exactly. Because there’s not much time.
) navy blue. His hair is an ashen colour, clearly greying, yet has the tendency to occasionally catch the light and (
Evening light is filtering through his hair and catching on his skin, like he is covered in nets. Your thoughts are flickering somewhere behind your eyes and there don’t appear to be any words to accompany them.
“And here, here our bed would fit perfectly in this corner.”
“Mmm?” He hums and it should be absent or distracted but it isn’t. The sensation of his attention pierces through your skull. You have him, now. Tempted and lured. The fish has bit.
He smiled and it was an honest and bona fide smile. The kind of smiles reserved only for me. We didn’t say it very much, you see. We didn’t say it very much.
“Our bed is perfectly fine!”
The photograph catches in the light and it becomes marred with distortion. Where do his fingers end, He thinks. Where has his face gone,
It was only a case, you think desperately. An anticlimax, you’d think it’s saving you or saving himself or saving the world but it was one addict with one gun and four bullets inside the one gun and two arms and one fingertip and there, you see. That’s where it happened, that’s when the whole planet came crashing downwards. Not in your kitchen and not with the tea and the light washing through him like hessian or spider webs but you didn’t write that entry down so it had to write itself, you see. November sunshine streaming through the gaps where he bled from and he hasn’t noticed, poor thing. He hasn’t noticed and you won’t move you just turn and shut your eyes and give him up for a lost cause and he- well, you know what happens now. He’s so oblivious, immobile, warmed by the gentle steam and quietly fading as he looks out of the window at the birds.
“What, so- So you’ve written down my height and my shoe size and-”
“Mm?” I had rolled us over so we lay side by side on the sofa cushions, planted a slight peck of a kiss on the end of his nose.
We had remained like that for some time, the slow burn of something growing taught between us as my hand unfaltering maintained an almost agonisingly slow pace and as he had gasped and twisted and arched under me. The intimacy would have been lost on anyone who wasn’t us.
Two: Bleeding sheet music-
Sometimes, but mostly--
I stand and it’s as if I’m underwater. I was right (the room is coated in vanilla and ozone) but I’ve never been more afraid. I walk towards him. A few steps. Miles. He still hasn’t looked at me. I can hear myself swallow in the stillness between us.
Interrogation.
I had said his name, at that moment. No- I said nothing. Just watched him fade into the muted colours of the kitchen cabinets. Maybe I turned and shut my eyes and gave him up for a lost cause, what does it- what does it matter.
(this is a lie.)
A time after the photograph the man had said I’ll always be here. And the man had said Maybe you should hold my hand. And the man had said This is it, then. The man had said these things not necessarily in this order.
This applies to you, although you do not accept it.
Your hands, roaming the soft skin. You wonder what it would feel like to reach in, break his ribcage apart like you were performing open heart surgery and hold the fatty organ in your fist as it pumped and pumped and pumped and pumped and then- didn’t. You wonder if the rate of it would increase or decrease as more blood found it’s way onto his skin and you traced red patterns with your fingertips.
“You. Just you. You are. I want to eat you whole, breathe you in without stopping for air. That’s all. After so long I would have thought you’d understand.” I bit my lip, before breathing out, “I love you.”
The Spring of all their years had been golden. Transcendent. Utterly untouched. Utterly unnoticed.
Now he’s looking at me and the lines around his eyes are getting heavier by the second. My mouth is shouting and I’m trying to articulate something so urgently that I can hardly move with the fear of it but I can’t remember what it is. There’s his face, in the kitchen again, in front of my face again, so oblivious looking out of the window at the birds and the November surrounding us both. A sudden movement, a bullet, he’s kissing me, his expression doesn’t alter, so peaceful, it’s tearing through his flesh, so oblivious, looking out of the window at the birds.
“have you ever heard”
To him?
I can’t remember who fluttered into cognizance first but our eyes were seeing the other eyes and if I could have done I would have consumed you, knocked you back like vodka shots, cell by cell. I wanted to get myself inexcusably drunk on the taste of your sleep-warm skin.
Your skin is searing off, peeling and becoming distorted as it sinks beyond the haze of your vision. You can hear your bones cracking.
Did you?
You rub a line with the tip of your nose and its pathway would stand starkly out against his skin in a fluorescent yellow. You would be slow.
It is imperative. Necessary. The world would be hard-pressed to function without it.
The wallpaper of the hallway is rough against your fingertips. You stand in the doorway for a second and he’s smiling faintly because he hasn’t seen you yet. There are unquantifiable shivers breaking rank across your skin and your nipples are peaked with the cold. He moves and you don’t.
I read somewhere that it’s easier to forget (or if not forget, easier to ignore) dreams if you write them down. It’s not.
The words cut but I knew he was fishing. Fishing for me to turn around to embrace him and forgive him. Fishing for me to stroke his ego. His idea of an apology was manipulating me to do all the apologising. This time, I didn’t oblige him.
) but you had happened to stretch and catch the image. His back was to you and (
“I don’t- I don’t know.” His mouth has flatlined. Not life, nothing, nothing but the uninterrupted scream of a failed life-support. “I don’t--”
Heavy. Insistent.
Or match, when struck-
Would he panic? He’s here to ask.
I don’t have the energy for this today and I think it’s getting conveyed in my typing. Angry typing which keeps going just slightly wrong. I’d rather be somewhere with windows, somewhere with the sea, perhaps. Stood somewhere close. Veins feed into the heart, so stood on a river, then. Flowing, nudging its body towards its mother. My feet, bare. Immersed in the current, I have become an intravenous invader. I conjure it. Closing my eyes here, in this present chronology, opening them elsewhere. It’s beautiful, the sun rippling across the surface which some would deem a millpond, a surface which I would deem turbulent. Minute currents and flip-flop splashes which capture something of the light which photographs – or memories – can’t. It’s only in these presents – not my present because I am elsewhere in the my-present which is the here-present – that we can see the seeable in ways like we can feel pain. It’s not very complicated. The light is sharp and startling and I look and look and look beyond and see the flat. Where the tiny motions erase themselves with distance and become one singular, perfect line.
“Richard Brook,” He scoffs, pretending he hasn’t heard you. “Richard Brook-- really. The world’s gone mad.”
“pleasepleasepleaseplease”
“because he is in the corner
) and vulnerable (
So here’s to us.
The funny thing is, the name is hardly relevant at all, though it’s what I’ll use here. Distance. Anonymity. They always say you should never give farm animals names because then you struggle to sit down at the dinner table to a succulent and gravy-soaked slab of poor Johnny-the-lamb. Perhaps we should call the protagonist ‘Lamb #1’.
Go back.
(a pause. longer than any that has come before it and longer than any since. the size of the room fluctuates around him, eaten and spat out by its silences. his answer is so quiet it is almost swallowed by the walls.)
His lips part and something in a hidden corner of my brain makes the movement slow down to such an extent that it’s like my heart beats over three hundred and twenty times in two whole seconds. I can feel his perfunctory intake of breath and it’s like I can feel it on my skin. We are about to begin.
I don’t.
Four: But I have no instrument to play the silent melodies.
“So, somehow - and it quite frankly scares me that I don’t know exactly why - it always leads back to. You. You’re the most different person I’ve ever met and thus, considering this revelation, I feel it is probably only just of me to tell you that, as of this exact moment, I am exquisitely, deliriously, splendidly and moreover, divinely in love with you.”
You watch your hand move although you aren’t aware of moving it.
It was a notebook, but the writing on the pages was three dimensional and I had added colour and movement and sound, all annotated so closely and so intricately that there were places where the ink pooled neatly off the corners and blended into the black.
Let me tell you that I’ve never wanted anyone so strongly, that I’ve never really wanted anyone at all before you came along.
(a pause.)
He’d said Sometimes I wish I had spent my childhood with you but then I realise that we wouldn’t be the same.
In other words, the brain is a fickle mistress. We do not retain the memories of exact experiences, but rather the memories of conscious (or subconscious) thoughts during said experiences; alternately, the memories can become tainted and affected due to a later event.
I savour them.
We’re standing in the same room and I am probably breathing the same air which has plummeted over your every angle.
You have such little time now. Everything is slipping away unnoticed with alarming speed. Hold your knees close to your chest. Burrow deeper into yourself. Begin the descent.
--entirely different.
This is a tale of little boys listening to the guttural and silent cries of grief. This is a tale of Elvis Presley, novelty mugs, car heaters which don’t work. Ad infinitum. A tale of liminality, a tale of ambiguity. A tale of growing up and of growing younger and of shouldering something bigger than we are built to bear.
Or fingertip.
He’s a playing a piano. He’s writing music. He’s typing. He’s writing something else. He’s mapping the veins on the underside of your wrist.
It doesn’t.
-deep enough, I know.
) that sat, for the moment, untouched. He was either enjoying the steady flow of steam onto his neck or he was oblivious. Thinking (
A feather. A claw. A beaded eye.
After we had exhausted the possibilities of every room, we ended up standing in the bay window downstairs. By this time, the sun was hanging low, filtering through the worn curtains like honey. “These are our evening hours,” I remember thinking to myself, looking out at the untamed grass outside fluttering slightly, painted golden in the dying light.
-shock? Yes it is.
The rest of the entries are images or moments or things he said.
You want to tear him apart.
He’d said You only appreciate things when they go.
) give the illusion of a blonder shade, somewhat reminiscent from his youth. [...] Height: (
stupid. So the photograph is shut away and every so often it catches the light.
He’d said You’ll never remember this.
“please please please please (please) please please put my memory somewhere safe”
You watch him.
Because we’re talking.
You find yourself wanting this: John’s eyes meeting yours in the darkness as you stroke down his belly, down, down, then up again. This surprises you. The sex was never supposed to be a focus or even a craving.
“Fine.” I’d looked him dead in the eye before turning towards the garden gate, stepping through and shutting it behind me without glancing back. I had continued marching in a straight line for quite a while, over the golden crest of the hill and into the sun.
--that’s the-
That I have no tolerance for the persistent litany that the majority of people conscribe to in their daily lives in order to conform to the sheer banality of existence?
Panic, yes-
In a sense.
It reaches sixty beats and then it ticks over into the next minute, then the next.
So I’m reading it now and it’s pulling on something indefinable, but that’s okay. That’s really quite okay. To feel is better not to feel in most situations, which is a thing I never learned for myself but was taught and accepted and I grew. With an air of sudden nostalgia, I wish I were still growing.
Every morning, at precisely 6.15am (this is before the later rises, before the September) the alarm set to the loudest and most piercing volume on his phone would drag him out of dreams. Are they fairly called dreams? His narratives, at least. Tales, much like this is a tale. Often incoherent, often featuring sand of a very different kind to his hair, of heat and of red and of grit. Earthy grit. Gritted teeth. Grit and determination. And ultimate futility looking proud feet in the eyes, which ignored this, ignored inevitability, and ploughed through sand. Sand, sometimes snakes, writhing and indiscriminate.
For some reason, we never went back to that beach. Perhaps we should, sometime. I have no memory of us climbing the dunes to leave, getting into the car, driving home. We must have done all those things - we must have left - but it seems irrelevant that we did. I think some small part of me, stuck to the bottom of my shoe and washed away with the tide, perhaps, is still there. I think some small part of me never really left at all.
But there’s something more dangerous inside your veins and your mind that you can suppress - that you have suppressed - except now you can hear the roaring of it and the gnashing of its teeth. It’s surging onwards, forwards, out through your chest and your mouth and the gaps in your eyelids where the light is getting through.
But you can’t. Not here.
(he holds you, considers you with his eyes. you aren’t intimidated because he cannot deduce you. there is nothing more to know.)
Before the photograph and some time before the Before he had considered speed and action and adrenaline and efficiency and thinking too quickly to be. To be. Assets.
He pauses, his eyes full and wild, like he’s drowning in things he’s already said, drowning in things he doesn’t know how to say. He glances towards me desperately like I should want to interrupt. I let him talk. One inhale. Two.
You were curled into my chest, and from my imaginary perch I could feel your bottomless breaths ghosting across my skin. At first we just lay there like the dead do, or perhaps how we will when we are dying. Your cadaverous skin, so blanched it almost looked faded, and then muted even more so by your shock of dark curls. They reminded me of the not-quite-shadows holding me in place. Do you really look like this? Does my subconscious mold you into a series of over extenuated hyperboles so you become nothing more than the alabaster-wrapped, marmoreal man?
To you, you mean.
And yet.
[draft deleted.]
Yes. I’m coming. I hope you’re still awake. I’m coming upstairs to bed
It occurs to you that everything has a rhythm. He makes the tea (one. only one.) and the fridge rattles in an ugly manner as he shuts the door. Spoon down, light off, don’t say a word. The outside becomes nothing more than the flash of intermittent headlights and the drone of something not quite sleeping.
The moment that he begins to panic is easily pinpointed. He starts to scrabble with his left hand on the sheets and his right hand scores pathways across your back and his eyes begin to adopt that hint of glassiness so, so familiar to you. You haven’t anything to say.
Do you ever stop?
“Well frankly, John, that couldn’t give a damn.” He’d rolled over to plant his face again the grass and groan loudly. “I don’t see why this is such a problem: we buy uncooked meat all the time. You’ve seen more dead human beings than most. You love me. The fridge is the most convenient place for that liver and I know how much you’d hate to have fruit flies.”
“How tragic,” You imagine someone saying. “Such a waste.”
You’re unimportant, I’m unimportant. Back to my head.
In other words, the brain is a fickle mistress. We do not retain the memories of exact experiences, but rather the memories of conscious (or subconscious) thoughts during said experiences; alternately, the memories can become tainted and affected due to a later event.
In this dream - oh, when the poems we can’t quite translate are woven into cloth we can’t quite touch by our minds and we want to feel the words like water but they just trickle deplorably, miserably through our clenched fists - we spoke without moving our mouths. Lying there in the stillness interspersed by the slow tide of our breathing we communicated like dancers, forgetting our tongues.
Breathe him in.
-because-
Well. How could anyone refuse that?
Feet on the stairs, door open, shower on.
My mind is my only flaw?
My brain. My intelligence. I’m not entirely sure how else you want me to answer this.
“Jesus didn’t--” I didn’t particularly want to argue the most basic beliefs of Christianity at that exact point in time. We’d had that debate before. “Listen, I’ll do the lights. It’s okay, it’s okay; I’ve had more practise. You could, uh,” Light the fire? I’d have to be insane. Make the mulled wine? We’d either all be horrifically drunk or horrifically sober. “Check the timer on the oven?”
I’ll move on. He’s not so relevant.
“kiss me”
After a while he had twisted his hands from my loose grip before running one through my hair, rasping his nails gently over my scalp. “You know, we missed a trick here.”
“How radiant,” You would reply. “And yes, such a terrible, beautiful waste.”
(with the perpetuity of my everything, yes; me too, yes)
You are in a house with no ceilings and John is staring at the body of a man whose every joint has been severed, save for the delicate sinews stringing him together.
One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten.
Thank you.
But now a bloody and ferrous taste sits under my tongue.
“You. So I forget nothing about you.”
An interviewer and an interviewee. One man. Yourself. You watch your own eyes flicker uncomfortably across the room. There is no need of any pen or paper. Sitting in the silence, everything watches you nonchalantly and yet you are alone.
Because there’s not much time.
My indifference?
You find yourself in a paradoxical quandary. It is now that you press down the small button on the stopwatch embedded in your mind; you watch the hand eat away the first few seconds and wonder absently when it will stop.
Yes, often enough. Although I find it mostly to be messy or tedious, and the lies I permit myself to relate are generally on a much more temporary basis. You create weaknesses for yourself otherwise. You have to fight to fill in the gaps.
My mind.
He’d sighed as I walked in the room, lounging back on the couch with his feet hanging over one end, a hand melodramatically slung over his eyes. “I realise that, John. I realise that, but this whole early retirement lark initially promised endless hours and hours of a bed with you in it.” He had sighed again. “You’re not in bed, the bees are too far away for me to reach - because at this point in time I absolutely refuse to remove myself from this sofa - and you’re not in bed. As you can see, absolutely nothing is going to plan.”
“right now”
Since you were four years old you have always been alone. You are alone in a room full of people. You are alone in this city because you are different and, thus, no one looks twice at you. And you are, notably, never alone in this flat.
For some reason, this makes you angry. And it’s exactly what you need.
I would hasten to say so, although my judgement of human connections and interactions have been widely discredited.
“well of course can’t you see the sunlight stretching over us”
There was something that happened to me which cannot be expressed articulately when Sherlock entered these odd moods, something which started in my fingertips and made the air slowly turn a red sort of colour.
You had said his name, at that moment. No- you said nothing. Just watched him fade into the muted colours of the kitchen cabinets. Maybe you turned and shut your eyes and gave him up for a lost cause, what does it- what does it matter.
Now, I always think it’s odd that while something is happening it doesn’t go particularly quickly, but when you step back and remove yourself from the picture nearly thirty years seemed to have occurred in a mere breath. Of course, I can’t remember everything, and with some of the events recorded here, I did allow myself a touch of artistic license. It’s mostly true though, and my god, we were fantastic. When we were, at least.
“Mm,” He’d twisted slightly to produce something from behind his back. “I hid lube down the back of the cushions, you see. You know, in case of emergency.”
His head was thrown back, illustrating the blossom of colour creeping up from his chest and wrapping its tendrils around the base of his throat, and his eyes were screwed tightly closed while his mouth hung limply open, panting. I loved to watch his chest heave like this. I drew my crotch against his again - slowly, slowly - relishing how he writhed and keened under me. I closed the small distance again, only this time to roughly breathe into his mouth, against his tongue, as I slid one hand under the waistband of his underwear to stroke him gently, occasionally brushing my thumb over the head.
Light again, followed by the muted roar of stalking engines in the nighttime. Someone shouts - a man - and it sounds like they are hurt or that they are drunk. A siren, piercing yet unobtrusive in this landscape. The unexpected is always the expected. Nothing is meant to ache but everything has forgotten this rule at one point or another.
After seven seconds within the room - open to the sky - you could have left. You could be - now - striding down some unidentifiable london pavements as you talk brusquely to the night air, watching your words turn crystalline and disperse, while John trots beside you and calls you too many things you don’t deserve. Instead, you’re still here. Seven seconds.The chip in the wallpaper, peeling on the left hand side of the space; white face, white lips, white hands; where did all the blood go(?); a question; an answer; a section of the fibres of a thin rope; seventeen scratches; an anatomy dummy and-- and a puppet man. Seven seconds. You don’t need to be here anymore.
The book was wrapped in leather and more easily compared to a kineograph than a novel, but the first few pages were bound tightly together by solid cursive.
“except we have no moon”
), dragged into the mud of the general populace with quiet contemplation and a ramrod spine.
I swallow.
“It’s preferable.”
Just me? Endeared towards me.
“It is now widely recognised that human memory is not an exact reproduction of past experiences but is instead an imperfect process that is prone to various kinds of errors and distortions.” -
“Fine. As long as I get to be in it with you.”
But you could never want me. Here is the tragedy of all things.
Oh but I am, aren’t I?
The kitchen seemed odd with nothing in it; the heart of the Holmes household reduced to nothing more than a hollow space. And yet somehow comforting in the sense that this space, this new and bare canvas of a space, was now ours to rewrite as completely as we wanted.
The most prominent memory I have of our first Christmas in the house is the warmth. The heat from the fire sheltering us from the biting greyness outside - of course, of course that - yet more strikingly, the warmth sitting like a gratifying weight somewhere lost in my chest.
To him.
Not in my entirety.
“Sherlock,” I had called back as I walked. “You’re the one who wanted to retire, remember?” We really should have made an effort to have more conversations face-to-face, come to think of it.
Tonight you’ll go hungry, pretty bird.
fresh.”
“What are you doing?” He had asked, taking residence of the armchair to your left.
You can’t. Not here, anyway.
And you're still staring at me.
You know why.
We remained like that for an indefinite time, oblivious to the crisp chill raging somewhat mutedly outside. Holding one another with our voices without saying a single word. Flickering in and out of the real spaces and the dimness wallowing in the shade; flickering in and out in tandem with the firelight.
“Ah.”
And then blackness and nothing and the sound of no one breathing (no one at all) and the taste of his blood filling my mouth.
The colour of him is mottled, like he had been wandering naked in seas just slightly too cold or like a bruise had grown and spread across the whole of him like an infection. Like a disease. Perhaps that’s what death is. That’s what dying is. One fatally diseased bruise. Then you succumb.
But this teacher, with his proud feet. We must do him justice. He’s got a ramrod back and jumpers which someone told him once mask his surprisingly impressive musculature. He’s got sandy hair thanks to genetics and it’s flecked with silvery ashes thanks to exposure to Time. Before this Time was so desperately cruel the genetics always seemed to win out and he was awarded the epithet of ‘Sandy’. And then, later, markedly as a product of rapacious Time, he was outwardly cheerful, amenable. One unremarkable morning in the cramped staffroom during the morning briefing he was sitting upon a chair with a worn seat which smelled like stale instant coffee which overpowered the small of fresh play-dough and buttered cheap toast from the corridor and he was being outwardly cheerful (thank you, Time). And somebody said - a colleague, irrelevant to this chronology –
Dark. Light. Dark.
) but I had happened to stretch and catch the image. His back was to me and (
“How many people have you killed?” You meet his eyes somewhere in the middle-ground between your bodies. You can imagine the cold press of a gun nestled in his palm. You can imagine warm blood running between his fingers as he forgets to breathe and the knife remains steadily clutched in his fist, riding it out. You can imagine his hands - tight, controlled- twisting to the right as a crack like lighting or a gunshot or an exploding tyre shudders down someone else’s neck. You imagine those hands and death in a quiet tandem, in a mutualistic relationship that - in time - has artfully learned how to dance.
This was the mantra of my heart and soul, now and forever. It was, and always will be, perfect.
"Well, my darling, we made it, my first night alone with you and your sister. Went very well, I think," Sherlock whispered sleepily.
The world began to shake around me, the sand swallowing me up.
"Do your legs hurt too much, Indie?" I asked, restraining myself from picking her up right then and there.
Sherlock just stared at John, his eyes wide. For the first time in his life, he couldn't find words.
"Sit still, River, you'll tangle the chain bouncing the locket like that." Mrs. Hudson said, taking the locket from her. "It's beautiful, River, should I put it on for you?"
"Girls!" Sherlock said, "Papa and I have another surprise for you. Look up!"
"River?" he said, walking into the front room.
I went upstairs and picked Indie up and set her on her feet.
"She was wonderful, Sherlock, what did we ever do to deserve her?" I said, brushing my hand over her face.
"Uh, alright then, here," I said, handing him the sponge, "you do know how to do this right?"
Sherlock could have easily been Hunter. No one came to save him either. Not until John Watson.
My head spun, it was only last week when she said Indie had two more months. We had planned to see the new Disney movie coming out in April, I had already started tucking presents into two Easter baskets. We had plans, goddamnit, we had plans!
Scribbles of bright colors decorated the paper. Four blue circles with blue lines for arms were lined up at the bottom of the page. The two smaller circle people stood in the middle with the two larger circle people on either side. Above the little family, was written in purple crayon, with several backwards letters, "Daddy. River. Indie. Papa. Family. Love." Tears again, formed in my eyes, when I heard a sound to my left like a tear hitting a piece of paper. I glanced over and saw a single wet track down my Sherlock's face. Sherlock, crying! I had only seen him cry three times before, when he returned after those two horrible years, at our wedding, and when the nurse presented our daughters to us.
Such an odd sensation.
I turned towards the muffled voice coming from the prone body covered in black silk pajamas and said,
"Precisely, my love."
I turned and saw Sherlock standing behind my chair, his arms behind his back and his eyebrow quirked, his eyes expectant for an answer from the small girl sitting in my lap.
As she spoke about splashing in the rain, playing pretend with her sister, cuddling with her fathers, beach trips, shooting stars, and the colors of flowers.
He smiled and nodded.
"No, please don't," Sherlock said, his voice barely a whisper. His ocean blue eyes were clenched shut, his hands thrown up in a defensive position in front of his face.
"We knew she was too good for this world..."
"Don't be so concerned, John, they're attempting to make us breakfast this morning."
I pulled away and cupped his cheek with my right hand, running my thumb over the tear tracks still lingering on his face. I placed my forehead against his and closed my eyes.
John kissed him.
"Of course, John, do you remember when our Charlotte was small enough to love running down the sidewalks, chasing butterflies and ladybugs."
The flat sounded much too quiet and there was only a soft, blue glow coming from the crack at the bottom of the door. I imagined everything from radiation to some sort of fire before I slowly eased the door open.
"Yes, love, I'm here," John said, as softly as possible.
"This is Hell, John."
The cold, grey winter days blurred together in an endless stream of medications and doctors' visits as we tried desperately to keep Indie here with us just a little bit longer. Her condition only worsened. Her doctor told us at first that we had maybe three months, which quickly shortened to two, and then, one morning, all we had was one more month left with our little girl.
"Come home to read us
I spotted the plastic wrap sitting on a shelf and had a brilliant idea. I grabbed it and began wrapping it around Sherlock, keeping the peas in place.
John walked into the front room and frowned at the dying fire. He had expected Sherlock to be up waiting for him. He went up to the nursery and found only River in her crib. Smiling, he took River and went to his bedroom, quietly opening the door. He crept to the bed and laid down with River.
His eyes drifted closed, his hand secure around the softly snoring baby on his chest.
I moved over and took the bag from him. He started applying a viscous blue liquid to the livers he had in a bowl. After a few moments, he seemed satisfied and began moving towards our room. His sharp hiss of pain took me by surprise.
"You're such a brave and strong girl, Indigo Rose. Papa will make you better soon, Sunshine."
Sherlock smiled and picked her up, but his face darkened as she snuggled with him. His eyes became stormy and his smile quickly turned to a deep frown, his brown still furrowed with worry. Something wasn't right.
"Hello, John," he said, his voice barely a whisper.
She smiled sadly at me then.
"What's the first one, love?"
It was quite a funny picture, Indie stood triumphant with the green bowl slightly lopsided on her head, holding out that damn paper towel tube, and the silliest grin on her face. I was crouching slightly behind her, eyes crinkled and a smile on my face, laughing at my Moon Princess. River leaned against me, with her arms around my neck and drowning in Sherlock's coat, blue eyes sparkling and looking at her sister, her mouth opened in a shout of laughter.
"Always my little Sunshine," John said with a smile.
That was all I could say to her.
"Obviously, it is quite cold in here, John, maybe you should stoke the fire a bit more before we all catch the death of us?" Sherlock smartly replied and followed our daughters down the stairs.
I laid in bed, listening to the girls discuss their presents in the hallway. Sherlock stirred next to me, groaning into his pillow.
Sherlock merely grunted in response and I sighed, rubbing my forehead with my hand.
"Yes, Daddy, I've got to sleep in my new bed!" She said with a laugh, jumping up and running into my former study, her new room.
"Do you want me to go outside?" River whispered, "I'm not allowed to go outside without Daddy or Papa. But, I can let you out so you can get back home."
A half-hour had passed and the blankets lay in disarray on the floor.
I felt a tug on my hand and looked down at Indigo, who stood still holding my gloved hand in hers, a sad look on her little face.
"Sherlock?"
"But Papa, we already named her Miss Petunia," Indie said sadly, her puppy dog eyes staring at John.
"Daddy's going to have the best…!" She yelled excitedly before I quickly put my hand over her lips, shushing her.
A/N: Thank you to all who have read, reviewed, and followed/favorited this story. It means so much to me, really. Just a brief warning that this does contain a scene of child abuse, not too graphic, but could be triggered for some readers. Thank you all again and I hope you enjoy this next chapter of Rushing Waters.
I felt heat rise through my neck and into my face. I clenched my fist and slammed it against the arm of my chair, knocking my mug onto the floor, shattering it. The noise startled him into looking at me.
"Good morning, Papa, where's Daddy? He usually comes too. Can I see Indie? Can we have pancakes for breakfast? I dreamed about a giant elephant, hello Jack!" she cheerily sang, sitting up and greeting me and Jack with a full smile.
I opened my eyes and found myself on our sofa, a cold, wet flannel falling into my lap as I jolted upright. The hospital bed still sat in the room, tubes snaking across the floor, and bottles of medications sitting on the desk.
River held onto me for dear life as I sat in my chair with her, rubbing her back with my hand.
"The most difficult Rubik's cube in existence, hm?"
"Blue it is then, Sunshine."
"Okay Sherlock, you know the drill, go into the study and don't you dare come out here while I'm getting your presents ready."
"I knew she wouldn't leave me! She's here, maybe I can't see her, but she's here and I love her so much! Indie, I love you!" River shouted.
"What does impeccable mean, Daddy?" Indigo asked.
"What the hell was that?" I whispered.
"She is wonderful, Sherlock, our wonderful, beautiful, daughter."
It was a small gesture, but there nonetheless. The smile slowly left his face and his eyes avoided John's as he stooped to pick up the broken pieces of the mug.
"And I was the perfect Papa, unless…" I trailed off
"I'm here, Sunshine, I brought you your medicine, I'm going to give it to you now, alright?" he said, preparing each medication for injection into her IV line.
"Up we go then, love, but mind, I can't carry you through all the shops, you're getting to be such a big girl." I said, picking her up.
Underneath the first picture I wrote in my shaky hand, 'River Grace' and underneath the second, 'Indigo Rose.'
"Alright, Charlotte, off to bed with you," John said as he cleaned up the mugs and game.
A cry echoed throughout the room, a babbled 'Dada!' making Sherlock hurry back up to the nursery. He found Indigo standing in her crib, her hair tousled, and her arms outstretched towards him. Her round hazel eyes shone with tears as she continued to babble.
"Tomorrow will be a better day."
"Remember to brake like Daddy taught you!" Sherlock shouted, waving his hand.
"Sherlock, say something!" I said, a bit annoyed by this point.
He dashed into her bedroom, into his and Sherlock's room, into the bathroom, opening and slamming doors in an increasing panic. Finally, he ran down the stairs and stood, face drained of color, gawking at the open front door. He ran out onto the steps, frantically looking around for his daughter.
She continued to kick and cry, slamming her fists onto the carpet.
The girls nodded, faint disappointment apparent on their faces, and rushed back to the ocean, their fathers getting up and following close behind.
"What?" John nearly shouted, startling Sherlock out of his lap. John saw the fear flash through the ice blue eyes and softened his voice, "Sherlock, love, you aren't a monster, you aren't a freak. You are so very wonderful. You help those who don't have anyone else, you've saved lives, you've brought closure to grieving families, and justice to those who were unjustly taken. I know how deeply you care about others, why would you do what you do if you didn't? I don't want to hear those words ever come out of your mouth again, Sherlock, because you're everything to me, my whole, damn, perfect world."
John came next to Sherlock, out of breath, with tears running down his wind bitten cheeks.
"No, John, I need to be surrounded by my memories, I need to be surrounded by her."
"Yes, and the flowers we see on our way to school, and in the schoolyard, all of them, painted by her."
"They're baby shoes, you dunce. Oh, lovebug, oh this is so wonderful." John said, hugging his daughter.
"Well, Indigo has a very rare leukemia, it is aggressive and it is rarely put into remission. It holds an average 6 month survival rate for children even with treatment…"
"Feel better, love?" I asked her, running my hands through her golden curls.
I had seen them, but at no point did I ever think "cancer." They were just bruises, she just had a sprained ankle. My anger towards Sherlock quickly died. We were both their fathers and we both did not think the worst because how could anyone think that our happy and playful little girl was dying. I felt almost sick for expecting this shaking human in front of me to ever be more than just that, a human being, an exceptionally gifted human being, but a human nonetheless.
"Where are you going, Sherlock Holmes?" Mrs. Hudson scolded as I walked past her.
The weight of the last day suddenly dropped onto my shoulders and I gasped for air. I stopped just outside the door and sat against the wall, lolling my head back.
"They are his favorite, I'm sure he'll love to have that for dinner tonight. Here, put them in my bag."
"Indigo Rose, my darling sunshine, listen to me very closely. The doctors have talked to us, from all over the world, can you imagine? People all over the world know your name and love you already my little flower. You have leukemia, my love, which is a disease that is worse than a cold or a tummy bug, but you are strong, and Papa and I, and Uncle Mycroft and Uncle Greg, and Aunt Molly and Nana Hudson, will help you fight so very hard. You'll have to take medicine too, but it's only once a day, and it doesn't taste very dreadful. We are going to go home today and tomorrow we are going to the observatory to look at the stars, won't that be fun, my love? Don't you worry your beautiful minds about this, River Grace and Indigo Rose, Papa and Daddy will take care of everything. You both just keep playing and laughing and being such wonderful little girls. We love you both so very, very much and we are so proud of you."
I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket and groaned when I saw the number of the clinic on the screen.
I stepped over and took River into my arms and rocked her. She waved over my shoulder as Mrs. Hudson was helped down the stairs by an expressionless Sherlock, his back straight as an arrow.
He appeared in the doorway, his eyes widening at the sight of Indigo. He came in, shutting the door behind him, leaving just a crack so we could hear into the kitchen.
I was going to take the girls, along with Molly and Mrs. Hudson, out to the shops to find dresses for their party in a week. Sherlock decided he wanted to be surprised and refused to go shopping with us.
"Good morning, my love! Are we going to have a fun day today?" John said, kissing his granddaughter on her cheek.
"Mr. Peterson, you have tested positive for the flu, and you're past the window for any medication to shorten the illness. Please take time off from work, rest, drink plenty of fluids, and wash your hands to try and prevent the spread of the illness." I said as I opened the door for my 10th flu patient of the day.
"Our princess will love that bear very much, John," he said, his eyes never moving.
One day, I looked up to where the girls' school pictures were hung and didn't see two little girls anymore, but the pictures of a beautiful young woman and our little girl who never had the chance to grow up.
He looked at John then, the pain behind the his eyes making his heart ache until he thought it was breaking in two.
"Thank you, Papa!" Indie shouted before giving me a kiss on the cheek. I set them down and they ran to show off their lockets.
"No, no, no! Uncle Greg, I promise she was here! Right here!" River screamed, tears freely falling.
I miss you, my Indigo Rose. I often wonder what you would be doing now, something amazing and brilliant I have no doubt. Papa and I have kept your pictures up, although our hearts are always broken when someone asks where you are, why your graduation picture isn't next to your sister's, why are you are seemingly frozen at six years old. Then we explain to them and I see the pity and shock cross their face and I can already hear the "oh, I'm so sorry," coming from their mouths. I always push these clients out faster, earning a disapproving look from your Papa, but it does not matter to me. I cannot tolerate their pity and their sorrow, it is too little for how great of a loss you were to us.
"You promise?"
"I know girls, let's build a blanket fort. Uncle Mycroft and I did it when I was a little boy." They nodded excitedly and we set to work.
"Brush, brush, brush your teeth, got to keep them clean…" he murmured.
I sat in my chair, scrolling through the pictures I had taken. Indie snuggled with her Uncle Greg, River smiling with her arms around her Nana Hudson and Aunt Molly. River carrying Jack with a Santa hat on his head, Indie tearing open a present with Sherlock grinning widely beside her, River sitting on Mycroft's lap, a large red bow sitting on top of his head. Mrs. Hudson had taken one of Indie kissing me on the nose and one of the four of us by the fireplace, all in our pajamas.
It was her last good day, that snowy January 6th. Her fevers returned, her muscles ached with every step, nosebleeds were nearly a daily occurrence, and she slept more and more. There were times I would retreat to our bedroom exhausted, my heart aching with her cries. Sherlock would come in and sit with me on the side of our bed, taking my hand in his.
John tried to tamp his anger down. Sherlock needed him, he reminded himself. Who else did he really have?
I picked her up and cradled her against my shoulder, her sobs growing louder and louder. I felt tears running down my face as I cuddled her.
"You just had to tell them on your own didn't you? I was there, you could have included me, I tried to help, but you just did it all on your own, Sherlock. You have pulled me 'round and 'round every bloody corner of London and I've followed you like a lost puppy for years, but we are working together on this!" John shouted.
What? How could he possibly…oh of course it's crooked. Of course, Sherlock bloody Holmes can tell my tie is crooked from a few texts. I straightened the light blue tie and made my way downstairs, buttoning my black jacket on the way.
"Goodnight, Uncle My," she whispered back.
I kneeled down and knocked gently on the front of the fort.
I looked over at John. He was standing by our desk, hands in the pockets of his jacket. A gentle smile was crossing his face.
She nodded and said, "Can you take a picture, Papa? We haven't taken pictures in so long and I want one in my new room!"
I sighed, the girls had gotten their flu shot a few days ago, not soon enough I suppose.
There! On the hill!
I turned back to my list when I heard a soft voice through the baby monitor I had sitting next to me.
"Can you come home, Indie? Papa and Daddy and me are so sad without you. I can hear them crying when they don't think I'm listening. And I cry too."
"Papa, I'm just fine, work has been hectic. There's a little girl there now who I'm about to send home on hospice, she's the most beautiful girl, little brown curls and big brown eyes…" she trailed off. "But, she's a fighter, maybe she'll surprise us and pull through," she finished, a sad smile on her face, eyes distant.
"Come on girls, it's time to go to your birthday party!" We walked to the large doors into the ballroom and waited for the commotion inside to settle down and the DJ to announce our entrance. We went in as a family, Indie on my arm, River on Sherlock's. Cheers rose from the tables filled with the girls' classmates and their parents and our friends. I looked down at Indie.
"Let me help you, love."
"It nobody's fault Sherlock, she had such mild symptoms until yesterday, neither of us could have known, love." I said through my tears.
I shut the door quietly behind me, leaving our beautiful girls to dream of flying among the constellations with shooting stars falling around them.
"I forgot the song, Sherlock, the song that she sang when she brushed her teeth. All I have left of our daughter is our memories and I've already forgotten one," I said, my hands trembling.
"Papa!" I heard her call.
I stood in front of Sherlock, tears again pouring down my face, my breathing ragged, and my nails digging into my palms.
"I know what children are, Sherlock, thank you. I just never thought you'd want them. You've never been the type to even let them come near you."
"It won't stop hurting completely, sweetheart, but with time, the pain will become less and less."
"It's a heart necklace, Papa. Put it on me, Uncle Mycroft." River said.
I knelt on the rug and held my arms out to Indie, who hung onto my chair, her chubby legs teetering.
He glanced up at Sherlock. The corner of his mouth was twitching, his nostrils flared as he desperately tried to conceal his rage.
"Princess Indie wants mac and cheese for dinner tomorrow!" she said, sticking her "sword" up in the air.
She snuggled herself into my arms and off we went. I poured cupfuls of the girls' strawberry bubble bath as the warm water ran into the tub, quickly undressing Indie and placing her into the water before she could catch a chill.
"As you wish, my darling."
"How is my Indigo Rose feeling today?" He asked in the sweet tone he only used with our girls.
I finished putting things away in the kitchen and came into the front room, sitting on the edge of couch next to Sherlock and the girls. I wrapped my arm around River and Indie, squishing us all into the cushions in a hug.
"Alright girls, your chariot awaits!"
"Sherlock, I'm going to go to the bathroom and get some bandages, these are just superficial."
Sherlock returned and set the pajamas he had brought with him on the floor. I handed Indie to him as he handed me the medicine.
Sherlock folded the paper and placed it in an envelope, writing Indigo's name on the front in his delicate script. He tucked in the drawer and sat back with a sigh.
"They're perfect, Sherlock, you'll absolutely love them."
"Papa, what's wrong? Don't be sad!" Indie said with a lisp from her injured tongue, the only physical sign left of this whole ordeal.
What I was looking at were Indie's little knees.
"I'll come by again in a few days to check on her, John."
"Do you feel okay to walk to the bathroom, love?" I said, trying to keep the worry out of my voice.
"Can I have one too, Daddy?" River asked, her eyes perking at the possibility of such a treat so early in the morning.
"What's wrong, love?" I asked.
"Be careful, we don't want you to fall off, then Papa really won't let me watch you by myself," he said, setting her back on the far side of the bed. She crawled towards him again, a bright smile lighting up her face. Sherlock laughed and played this game with her for a while, until she finally settled down.
"Go get her a change of clothes, some water, ibuprofen, and the Amoxicillin I have in the fridge, Sherlock."
"No, Sherlock, I am not putting it away, not tonight," he said, pulling his hands roughly out of mine.
"Why…"
"You tell her the truth. You tell her sister the truth. Then, you fill their days with love and flowers, bubble baths and cuddles, games and parks, tea parties and tutus, coloring books and trips to the Moon. You wipe their tears and comfort their fears when they come. You give Indigo as normal of a life as you can, and you let her go when she's ready."
"Alright, John, I will be in my study, make sure you put the suit jacket near the bottom of the pile, I want to open it near the end.
I shut the door and followed the man who was many things; an arrogant genius, a self-proclaimed sociopath, and the best husband and father I could have ever dream of having for me and my girls.
I joined the girls in the front room. They were running around playing tag in their little sock feet.
I pulled her towards me, but she kicked and screamed. Her therapist had talked to us about this moment, when she would realize fully that her sister was leaving her and that Sherlock and I, her protectors, her whole world, couldn't make it stop.
I gently placed my ear against her chest, just to hear her heart beat. I lost myself in that comforting sound, the sound that meant my daughter was still alive, still with me.
I noticed Sherlock's eyes darkening as he looked at the doorway to the stairs and I turned to see what could possibly…ah, Mycroft was here.
I knew of a field outside of the city that rolled with hills where tall grass grew. Harry and I often picnicked there with our parents when we were young. The sunsets there were gorgeous and would serve as the perfect backdrop for our pictures. We were met there by Molly, Greg, and Mycroft, who we wanted in the pictures as well, wouldn't do to have family pictures done without the godparents would it?
"Papa!" River hurried out of Sherlock's arms and into mine as I settled myself inside the, quite frankly, roomy fort. Jack joined us, curling up on a pillow.
"Look at this Uncle Greg, there's a picture of me, River, Papa, and Daddy! They'll be with me all the time."
I felt a hand on my shoulder and I looked up to see Mrs. Hudson.
John blinked once, then again when he heard that voice he hadn't heard for nearly 30 years.
'Sherlock, where are you?- JW'
John turned towards Sherlock, tears visible in his deep blue eyes.
"And my job is to diagnose diseases and save lives and wasn't able to diagnose her and I can't save our little girl's life. Neither of us should blame ourselves for this. It just…happened. The only thing we can do now is fight for her and make her as happy as we possibly can."
I glanced at the clock, 10 o'clock, about an hour before the doctors did their rounds, before we would be able to go back to Baker Street. We dressed the girls in a simple t-shirt and jeans, with pink converse and ponytails.
"Unless what, Papa?"
"Perfect, our bed it is. At least until those little pug legs of yours can make it up the stairs to the girls' room, hm?"
"A lovely color, my darling," Sherlock said, a soft smile on his face.
"Oh, he's getting dressed now, finally. We haven't had a case in days, you know how he gets." John said.
"Mycroft, thank you too, for everything."
As I placed my fingers on her neck, her eyes popped open. She looked right at me, her eyes clouded with confusion.
"Sherlock, please," I said weakly, my own voice cracking.
Sherlock wet a flannel in the bath and placed it on her forehead, rubbing his thumb across it gently.
Her frail limbs splashed water onto me as I washed her hair, quiet giggles echoing off the tile.
Indigo let out a raspy laugh next to me and gave John a thumbs up. John smiled and blew a kiss towards us, shutting the door behind him.
A silver limo waited in front of our flat, metallic "wings" jutted from the top of the limo. Behind these wings, there appeared to be some sort of engine with orange, yellow, and red streamers flowing out from the back. The windows looked like portholes ran along the length of the limo. A man dressed as an astronaut stood by the door, waiting to open it.
"Papa's here, lovebug, just cry, cry as much as you want," I told her as she buried her face even deeper into my neck, her tears soaking my collar.
"River, love, how are you? You look well, how has the hospital been?" John said, smiling from ear to ear, "come in Michael, have a seat. Tea anyone?"
The car soon stopped in front of Great Ormond Street Hospital and a team of nurses and doctors stood outside waiting for us. The car door was thrown open and I gave Indie to the first pair of hands that came inside the car.
It was, indeed, a lovely photo.
To her great amusement, the ducks followed her in a straight line, quacking away.
She smiled at me, obviously proud as a peacock. I ruffled her blonde curls and she leaned into my chest, wrapping her arms around my middle.
She hesitated for a moment before nervously nodding her head.
"You looked like Indie was about to die when you noticed her limping!"
They scrambled off the floor and went to Mycroft. We followed them, wanting to see what he had gotten them for Christmas.
She scrambled over to me and put the package in the bag I carried that had extra clothes, wipes, tissues, medicine, whatever we may need while we're out. I've had it since the girls were babies and Greg jokingly called it my "man purse."
"JOHN!"
A deep rumble of laughter came from the man beside me. He doubled over on the stairs, placing his hand on the wall to steady himself, his eyes shining with tears.
My daughter is dead.
She pulled a small box from her bag and handed it to John.
"It was an accident, River, I know you didn't mean to kick me. But now you know you should listen to Papa, right lovebug?"
"And you're the bubble princess, my darling," I replied with a laugh.
She kissed Indie again and glanced at me, her eyes utterly heartbroken.
"Of course, John, I was simply calling to give you an update on the girls. They have been sleeping for…"
"Okay, Daddy!"
I ran up the stairs and into the flat. A tearful Mrs. Hudson held River, her sobs making her gasp for breath and her whole body shake. I went over to them and took my trembling child from her.
She nodded and gave me a small smile, her throat still too sore to speak very much.
"Out."
"There's a flower! It looks like a sunflower…"
"Come on, lovebug, get up for Papa, please, we have to eat breakfast still, and we don't want to be late." I said, kneeling next to her.
"Do you want me to come play with you, love?" John called to her.
I walked over to the shaking form rocking back and forth, knelt down next to him, and wrapped my arms around him. His head fell into my shoulder with a thud and his tears began to soak my jumper. Tears began to fall down my cheeks, some of them hitting my chapped lips. The stinging was a nice distraction from the stabbing I felt in my heart.
"Lestrade said he's got a case for us," Sherlock drawled as he threw his coat over his arms. He stood there expectantly, one eyebrow raised.
"Well I see a great big dragon! And there's a heart!" Indie said through her giggles.
He kissed her lightly on the head and sat in his chair, standing Indigo in his lap. The baby cooed and blew bubbles, bouncing up and down.
Out. Acquiring a last minute necessity for the party.- SH
"I feel icky, can I have a bubble bath?"
She fell then, into a fitful sleep, her chest rattling with each breath. John kissed her forehead, tears appearing in his eyes, and sat back down next to me. He took my hand, the two of us anxiously waiting for those beautiful eyes to reappear.
"But I don't want to go to school, Papa!" River shouted, stomping her bare foot on the floor. Her face was twisted into a pout that very resembled Sherlock's when he also didn't get his way.
"Lestrade is going to be wondering where you've gotten to." I said, checking Indie for any sign of the fever returning.
And as I played, the sunflowers gently waved back and forth, blown by a breeze that had come in through the open window.
"Yeah, tell that to the exploded tea kettle sitting in the trash bins." I said, turning and shutting the door, just catching his smirk as the door shut. God, I should probably buy another kettle while were out, just in case he repeats his 'experiment' tonight.
Sherlock's eyes shone with tears, threatening to spill over onto his pressed white shirt. He looked into his lap, his hands still holding John's. The tears spilled over and splashed onto the backs of their hands.
"Now we can read
"John, come say goodbye to our daughter."
"LET'S GO!" shouted both girls. True to form, River grabbed Indie's hand and grabbed Sherlock's hand with her other. I swung my legs over the edge of the bed, quickly took the two sippy cups and gave one to Sherlock, motioning him to drink from it as he was being led away by River. I quickly took a sip from mine and also took two flowers from the tray, placing them in my shirt pocket.
"Yes, but first we have to get you dressed and your teeth brushed."
"Good morning, Sunshine, did you have a good nap?" I asked her, smiling.
"John, she's gone. My love, she's gone." Sherlock quietly said.
"What's that, Sherlock?" Mrs. Hudson tutted, pouring tea into mugs.
Again, silence deafened his ears.
John had quickly shot down that idea almost as quickly as he had shot that cabbie in their first case.
"Papa, Daddy, you have to make Indie all better."
"For me?" He said, his voice filled with a childish confusion I had never heard from him before.
I picked my head up to look at Sherlock, his eyes were rimmed with red, and his lip was bleeding from his chewing. I sat up fully and he gave me a weak smile, turning to stare at the wall in front of us.
There were at least a hundred, a hundred pictures of this happy Christmas.
I opened the girls' door and sighed with relief at the mess of blonde curls peeking out from under the pink rose covers. I tiptoed to Indie and picked her up, covers and all, putting her face next to my cheek.
"I…how…" I sputtered.
I couldn't help but fume on the way home, formulating what I was going to say to that big-brained idiot as soon as I walked in the door.
I fell asleep with a little hand in my face and a foot pushed against my back, tiny limbs tangled with my own, soft snores lulling me into a peaceful darkness.
For Sherlock, I had gotten a silver watch. The face of the watch popped open to reveal the same picture of us and on the underside I had engraved, 'For the best and wisest man I have ever known.'
"Tickle me, Daddy!" River shouted.
True to his word, Sherlock came right on schedule, sweeping his way into the group as if he had been there all along. The photographer gathered us all and set about posing us this way and that way. He took pictures of us all together, with the girls, the girls together, and finally, the girls on their own. The whole session took about an hour and ended just as the sunlight began to die behind the horizon.
"I love you too, Sunshine."
"I'm just worried about you, love," John quietly said, his dark blue eyes meeting Sherlock's.
"What's a Pegasus, Papa?" River asked.
He felt River's hand grab onto his.
I laughed and ruffled her messy curls. I carried her into the front room where Sherlock was already sitting with River and Mrs. Hudson sat next to them, holding two muffins with candles stuck into them, her usual birthday greeting.
He waited for me to explain, although I could see understanding quickly flash across his face. Sherlock didn't voice his deductions when it came to the girls, he told me once that letting them come to him with their thoughts and fears, their hopes and dreams, was like reading a new book each day, like opening a treasure chest with mountains of gold spilling out. He loved talking to them. He loved talking about them.
She stepped in front of me and turned towards all of us, pondering replaced with determination.
I scooped Indie in my arms and went to her room, getting her changed out of her jeans and jumper into her pajamas. As she tugged her pajama shirt over her, I noticed a splash of purple and blue across her back. I frowned. It was quite a large bruise, bigger than any other I'd ever seen on her. I began to gently press on it.
"Girls, can Daddy and I sit down with you for a moment? We have something very important to talk with you about."
I pried small hands from my arm and tucked her in, thankful she had slept through the night without crying out. I left the bedroom door open, shuffling into the front room and settling into my chair with Jack, staring at the spot where Indie had lain, her toys and books still piled on the table. We were three days into this strange new life without our Indigo Rose, and the grief was nearly too much to bear. Mycroft had returned to his estate, but not before leaving us an envelope with a bill from the funeral home marked 'Paid.' Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and Greg had come and gone throughout the last few days, dropping food off, mainly for River's sake as neither Sherlock or I had any appetite, and keeping us company through the hours that seemed never ending.
"There's a good girl, just keep it under your tongue sweetheart, just a couple more seconds, there you go."
The hitch in his voice didn't go unnoticed by John, who struggled to keep himself together. He could sense that their world was cracking, beginning to break into unrecognizable pieces.
I hung up the phone and settled back to wait for John.
"Don't forget to save the ginger nuts, John!" I said, turning to him and catching him mid-bite of a damn ginger nut.
His shaking hand reached slowly for the placemat, until finally he weakly grabbed the edge. I took his hand from my arm and gently tugged him forward until he was next to the opened drawer.
"Unless I became the Tickle Monster!" I said, tickling River. Her face broke out into a wide smile and she squealed with laughter, leaping out of Sherlock's lap and running back to Mrs. Hudson.
221B sat quietly for a few more moments, the fire casting a soft glow across the multitude of photographs that decorated the walls. John loved to take pictures of his darling girls, their toothless smiles and chubby cheeks the subjects of most of the photographs. Sherlock loved one in particular, it was one of John, holding the girls in their rocking chair, both of their downy heads resting on his shoulders. John's head was tilted slightly to one side, his eyes closed during a momentary nap.
The gravity of that sentence completely flew over River's head, but sent Mrs. Hudson into a new round of crying.
I smiled to myself, that was our Indie.
"Dada, will you come too?" she said, turning with a smile to Sherlock.
"Thank you, John, for teaching me how to love, for giving me the family I never thought I wanted, for being my best friend, for being everything. I'll be with you soon, I promise." Sherlock whispered.
I sat in my chair and leaned back with the paper in my hands, now that Indie was occupied.
"Oh, yeah, she doesn't need it anymore," River said, very matter of fact.
My shift at the clinic ended and I began my walk down the street to Huddington Elementary School to pick up River and Indie, it was their last day before autumn break and they both were terribly excited to have the next few days off. I smiled to myself as I thought of their itinerary for the upcoming break.
"I don't know why we have to go to the estate every Christmas, we could have a fine dinner here, John." Sherlock said.
She stood up and left, quickly squeezing my shoulder as she walked past. I went back to Sherlock and Indie. I kissed her cheek, careful not to wake her. Sherlock wouldn't even look at me.
My inspection ended and I sat at her side, waiting for John to return. I felt a tug at my hand and looked up to see Indigo watching me.
They sat in silence then, nodding their heads.
Indie laid on the examining table with her eyes half shut, her body scrunched up in the fetal position. River held her hand and I noticed she had taken her navy cardigan off and had draped it over her sister.
My phone buzzed and I struggled to get it out of my pocket as River continued to cry for Sherlock.
"She's uh, uh…"
They stood in silence, the quiet hiccups the only sound they could hear against the backdrop of cars driving and birds chirping.
I shook his shoulder. Nothing.
They went from nobody, to everyone I knew.
Sherlock and I talked for an hour or so about our plans for the party, his arms wrapped around me, until he got up and turned out the light and reminded me that today was Saturday and River had decided that she wanted to go roller-skating for our weekly trip.
And what a beautiful life she lived.
"I like yours. Anyway, I'm making an appointment for a surrogacy clinic."
Sherlock and Michael sat in silence. Sherlock's ice blue eyes boring into Michael, his foot tapping impatiently on the floor.
"Contrary to your belief, Sherlock, I am a grown man, a soldier, and I can damn well take care of myself! Sometimes I wonder if this is even a partnership at all or just the "Sherlock Holmes Show and his sidekick, John Watson!"
I pulled the bag of birdseed and oats from my pocket and had Indie hold her hands out. I poured some of the birdseed into her hands and she set off towards the ducks, calling out 'Here, duckies, here!'
"Your wallet is tucked into your back pocket, when it is usually sitting on the desk, and you keep glancing at your watch, you're on a schedule today, but you don't have work and we have nowhere to be with the girls. My birthday is tomorrow, thus, to the shops for a gift."
"So what do we do now?" I asked.
John cleared his throat, pulling at his yellow bow-tie, and held his paper down with trembling hands, his voice cracking as he began,
"Goodnight Mrs. H, thanks for all your help," I said, giving her a quick kiss on the cheek before ushering the girls upstairs.
"My God Sherlock, we're putting them into fancy dresses and bows in their hair for a few pictures, not forcing them into boarding school or having them be raised by a nanny," I sat next to him and ran my fingers through his curls, "we have lots of candid photos of River and Indie, they'll know and whoever looks at those pictures will know who they were at 5 years old. Their spirits and personalities won't get lost because of a few fancy pictures. Besides, Indie loves dressing up nice anyway, she'll have a field day with these."
"'m sorry, can't help her, can't help." He said, his voice the faintest of whispers.
Sherlock took a step back, ready to run up the stairs and shut himself in his room. He bumped Mummy's tea mug, shattering it into a million porcelain pieces on the dark hardwood. His Daddy's head flew up, the room echoing with deafening silence. Sherlock looked back at him, more frightened than he ever had been in his short six years. Wild blue eyes bore into him from across the room. Sherlock took another step back, right onto a piece of the mug. He felt it slice into his foot and burst into tears.
"Is he really ours, Daddy?" Indigo questioned, her eyes round and large.
"Good morning, Sunshine, I'll be up in a second."
As soon as she landed, she flew off again, dodging Indie's outstretched hand by a millimeter. Soon, Indie bounced onto my lap.
I held a sobbing River as John somberly stepped onto the pulpit and adjusted the microphone, his face grey and drawn.
She beamed up at me, her little dimples showing. The shadows under her eyes have gotten a little darker, I worriedly noted. Maybe we would have to up the dose of her medications again. We had to add 3 more medicines to her daily regimen, for a total of 4 medicines, and told Indie that the medicines would help her not feel sick. Indie took everything in stride, as she always does. They have been keeping her little body as healthy as it could be, for now, but we all knew that the effects of her illness would be too much to overcome eventually.
"What is it, Sherlock, there better be some emergency going on to wake me up like this," I grumbled at him.
Sherlock patted her on the head, his eyes shining down on her with such intense love. I quickly pulled up the camera on my phone and took a picture.
The explosion came after he had ignored me for the tenth time that morning.
Color was nearly gone from her face. She was fading from this life, from all of us. I wracked my brain again for anything that could give her a few more days, but all I could find was a large white room, devoid of anything but a small, broken picture of our family on the floor.
Grabbing blue popsicles for myself and Indigo, I sat back down next to her and handed her the sickeningly blue confection.
River Grace was a girl who needed to understand the world in a logical way, always questioning 'Why?'
"Sherlock, can you come here, please?" I called out to him, while running a lukewarm bath for Indie.
She tugged at my dressing gown, pointing at the fabric.
"No, River, do not take Uncle Mycroft's wallet!" I interjected shaking my head at Sherlock.
I adjusted a sleeping Indie in my arms and said, "There's enough room there for all of us, we can hardly ask Mrs. Hudson to cook a Christmas dinner for 8, and there's grounds for the girls to play on at the estate. We can't keep them cooped up in this flat on a day where all they want to do is run around and play."
"I was the best at roller skating! Wasn't I, Papa?" Blonde curls shouted as she twirled around me.
You always told me to keep smiling, because smiling makes your heart happy. For you, my sweet girl, I will keep smiling, although it will be nearly impossible without you smiling next to me.
"What about you then, Sunshine?" I asked, sitting cross-legged next to her.
"I know, Daddy. I picked out everything for it," she said, a very serious look upon her face.
As we settled into our seats, Sherlock began to fiddle with a switch that was on the ceiling of the limo.
Sherlock flew by him, stopping only to give him a kiss on the cheek. John blushed, he relished any show of affection from Sherlock. He had spent so many days and nights wishing for it, and now here he was, getting the kisses and love that he had only once dreamed of.
"I'm coming, Indigo, Papa's coming! Everything's going to be alright now!" I ran towards the small figure in the distance.
"Well we'll have to see what Daddy thinks about this plan, don't we?"
I think that is all for now, sweetheart. Give Jack a pat on the head for me and tell him that he is a good boy. I'll be by tomorrow to play you your song and to put down fresh flowers.
He carefully took the paper off the present, his face breaking into a grin when he saw the packaging.
And then I was falling…
"John!"
"Nothing, Mrs. Hudson. Our Sunshine has a very bad sore throat this morning, can you put some lemon and honey into her tea?"
Sherlock merely nodded, his gray curls bobbing up and down slightly.
Sherlock said nothing. What could he say really? He couldn't say it was just a nightmare, that she would be alright and we'd never have to bury our little girl.
"Pink it is then," John said, a soft smile crossing his face.
"Papa! I'm sorry, Papa!" She said, burying her head into my chest.
"Come on, love, walk to Papa." I said, waving my arms towards me.
"River, take a deep breath, lovebug, it's alright. We can talk about this later, alright, sweetheart?" John said as calmly as he could, his own hands still trembling from the sheer terror of the last hour.
"And I'll make your favorite pancakes for breakfast, how does that sound?" Mrs. Hudson replied, her voice trembling.
"Thank you all for coming to celebrate River and Indigo's 6 and a half birthday. These girls are our world and Sherlock and I want to take every opportunity to celebrate them. It means so much to all of us that you came here tonight. Being their father has been the greatest privilege, the greatest honor, I have ever known. Thank you all again, from all of our hearts."
Greg and Mycroft stood up when we entered the room. Their somber faces contrasted sharply with the glittery stickers on their hands and suit jackets. They held pages torn lovingly from coloring books in their hands.
"Come here, Sherlock," John said, holding his arm out to me.
"Goodnight, John."
"Of course, my darling, we have to measure them and place them in the second condition," he said, a faint smile on his face.
"It has been nearly a month since Indie's been diagnosed and she hasn't changed a bit, John. I thought, maybe, there was something in the literature about a possible cure. Something that would work while she's still so well. I thought I could find something, synthesize something, even if it was only theoretical in the papers, I could do it."
We were all gathered in the sitting room, drinking tea after our meal, when Mycroft strode into the room.
I took her hand and we walked right to the water's edge, her black boots kicking up rocks as we went.
They seemed to struggle with the brass knob of our oak door, but eventually the door creaked open. More pitter patters and shushing. I felt a nudge on my side and heard a shout of "Good morning, Papa and Daddy!", so I slowly rolled over and yawned widely, making a big show of how they had "awoken" me. I felt Sherlock stir next to me and gently place his head on my shoulder.
"It's a beautiful day, isn't it, Sherlock?" John said as they watched Charlotte play on the swings.
"Sherlock, can you hear me?" I shouted, shaking his bony shoulder.
I came out of our bedroom to find that Sherlock had disappeared ten minutes before the car was coming to take us to where we were having pictures done. Mrs. Hudson must've recognized the look on my face as my I'm going to wring Sherlock's neck when I find him face and promptly ushered the girls downstairs with promises of biscuits.
"Thank you, Papa!" Indie said as she slid off of Sherlock, stopping to give me a kiss on the cheek before running upstairs to get her pajamas on. River quickly followed after her.
The girls began wailing as soon as I finished speaking and I felt my heart being torn into pieces.
"At least they're together again, that's what Grandpapa wanted so much, to see Auntie Indie."
"Jesus Christ," was all Lestrade could say when he saw Sherlock and John.
"I grabbed our coats and boots! Get yours, Papa and Daddy! Let's GO!" River shouted, her wild raven curls tossing around.
He sighed in contentment, a rare sound from the great Sherlock Holmes.
"He'll be back in just a moment, darling. He went to get your medicine."
"Well, do what you'd like, I'll go and help them pick their dresses out. I don't want to miss a moment with them, with her." He nodded and crossed the room, enveloping me in a hug. "You're an amazing father, John." I swallowed the lump in my throat and just nodded against him.
John sighed and tapped his fork onto his food.
"Watch Sherlock, I have to go get River."
I caught sight of the blanket draped across the back of John's chair and my mind flashed back to a time when Mycroft had built me a blanket fort when I was ill and still rather small. We spent hours in the fort, reading and playing with shadows on the side of the blankets.
I sat down next to the love of my life and settled in. Indie squirmed out of my lap and moved over to Sherlock's. I handed Sherlock one of the flowers, which he also placed in his pajama shirt pocket. Both girls were practically squealing with excitement as we both looked at our cards.
We sang to them and they blew their candles out, thin pillars of smoke carrying the wishes of two little girls. Indie's face enveloped with her wide grin as we fussed over her and her sister.
She handed me the piece of paper she was holding. On it, she had drawn a big heart with the words 'Get better soon, Papa' at the top written with bright blue crayon in all capital letters.
"She would always say I was the perfect Daddy, except for when I made your Uncle Gabe 'use all those bad words' and when I made your Papa 'sigh really, really loud and count to twenty.'" Sherlock said, giving a slight chuckle.
"You're torturing yourself, Sherlock, promise me you'll stop this. You need to stay healthy, for her, for our little girl. Please, Sherlock, for us, please stop."
I set River down and she carefully began to unpack the bags, holding their contents up for us to see before putting the pillows and blankets in one pile and her decorations in another.
After a few moments, he sharply nodded and I opened the door.
Sherlock sat on the floor, his lovely raven curls a bit of a mess, surrounded by a sea of pink and purple. He was sorting little piles of onesies and outfits covered in flowers and glitter, a pile of small tutus on each side. There were two big packages of crib bedding, both with soft, floral patterns.
I walked over to Sherlock and each of the girls, handing them their presents with a hug and a kiss.
"Because he is her husband, Sherlock, he's part of our family now," John said, exasperated.
Well, if she isn't John's child.
"Of course, Daddy, are you feeling alright?" She asked as she placed the back of her hand on his forehead.
I held onto Indigo's hand for dear life, memorizing every facial feature, her dark eyelashes, her golden hair hanging just below her shoulders, those beautiful hazel eyes, her button nose that was John's, small lips with a large cupid's bow, her cheekbones sharp, two front teeth missing, her sing-song voice, her infectious laugh. I remembered how she ran through puddles in a driving rain, how she danced to no music, how she loved everyone and everything, and how it felt to be so loved by her. Every memory was neatly filed and every bruise, every nosebleed, every needle, every pill, every bag of IV fluids was batted away until only my healthy, lively Indigo Rose remained, her eyes shining and full of love, her cheeks round, and her body strong.
She climbed into his lap and waved goodbye to her mother, chattering to John and Sherlock about her morning.
"Thank you Mrs. Keaton, I'll call my brother-in-law for a car to take us all home. She can't walk home while she's ill."
I clasped onto the hand resting gently on my shoulder, squeezing it gently, until it slipped away and I heard a quick pounding of feet down the stairs.
My God…he had brought her whole life in that bag.
And there was nothing we could do to save her.
His whole world fell apart right there in that dark room, where books and clothes lay scattered, papers and files sat in stacks, just as they had left it that warm June morning when Sherlock kissed John goodbye.
"Is Daddy alright?" River asked worriedly.
"Now Indigo, I have a very important question I need your help answering." She nodded at me, grinning widely as I continued, "I need to see which will be bluer after eating a whole blue popsicle, a big tongue or a little tongue. Ready, set, go!"
I nodded and followed him up the stairs.
"Indie! You came back! I knew you would!" River exclaimed, catching her in a hug. Indie hugged back and the girls held onto each other until Indie broke away. Taking River's hand, she pulled her towards the tunnels and slides.
He nodded his head and sat next to me, twisting his hands together, his foot tapping against the floor.
"River Grace, come out from behind that chair, Indigo Rose, come out from underneath that table. We will be late if you do not!" Sherlock said in an exasperated tone.
"Yes John, I suppose you are correct." He gave a brief, soft smile, but the sadness still lingered behind his eyes. We walked over to the girls and he knelt down to their level.
I laughed and picked her up before she bounced off of the platform we were all standing on.
"Alright, John, it's alright. We can discuss this another time."
He laughed and kissed my fingertips, brushing them across his lips before sighing loudly.
The destruction continued, the cries becoming more frantic and desperate.
And I was right. You lit up every room you walked into and every person left you with a smile on their face because of your love for them and your love of life. You lived life with passion, spending every moment singing, playing, or dancing, splashing in the rain, walking down the street, holding my hand and pointing out all the little things that I would have never noticed otherwise. And even when you were diagnosed with cancer and when you knew you would go to Heaven, you carried on living with strength and courage and somehow kept smiling, dancing, and playing through all of it. You gave us all comfort and hope, even though you were so sick. Soon before you left, you told me how lucky you were that I was your Papa. I am the lucky one, blessed to be your Papa, Indigo Rose.
The girls went to the table where I had put the presents and gathered them in their arms, placing them in front of them and handing him our present.
Oh, Sherlock...
Greg, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, Sarah, James Sholto, Harry, everyone I had ever known stood around them, their eyes staring, with tears running down their faces.
"You both were very good at skating, love, better than poor old Daddy, hm?"
BABY A: It's a…
"I knew they were planning this. Given the date, it was obvious. I unplugged the stove and hid all the dangerous objects in our kitchen, yes, even the foot I had sitting in the freezer. Though I'd like you to know my experiment is utterly ruined now!"
"Oh, River, I miss her too."
"I'm glad Indie isn't hurting, but Papa, will I ever stop hurting?" She sniffled, brushing her hand down her doll's long dark hair.
"Oh, are you hungry? Here, let's get you some breakfast."
River sighed, "I thought so…"
Neither of us would sleep that night. We held each other's hands and whispered 'I love you' to each other, to the children in the bed beside us. We watched our girls sleep, their last night of peace drifting slowly by.
She came back quickly, handing us our mugs and sitting down in the chair at our desk, her mouth halfway open to talk about her upcoming trip with Mrs. Turner most likely, when her eyes widened with shock.
"Thank you, Daddy, I love you." she said, her voice barely a whisper.
We stood, out of breath, as River and Indie continued their game, plumes of snow flying into the air as they ran, chasing each other.
"Look everyone! The sun is setting; you can see it just through the clouds!" Indie shouted, stopping her play.
"I will. I love you, John."
Sherlock spotted the raven hair and pink trainers before John and dashed towards them, his black coat billowing behind him.
The two girls slid down the curvy slide, climbed through the tunnels and on the monkey bars, shouts of laughter coming from both of them all the while. They ran through the grass and dirt hand in hand to each station, kicking up the fallen leaves beneath their feet. They finally stopped underneath the shade of a maple tree to rest, both joyous that they had found each other again.
"That's right, love, Indie's not sick anymore."
"We will, love, we will, I promise," I said, my mind panicking.
"It's snowing, Papa! Oh, can we go on the roof, please, Papa, please, Daddy?"
Sherlock and I went to bed smiling that night.
He returned to 221B and saw the pink and grey blanket draped on John's chair. He picked up the corner embroidered with 'Charlotte Indigo' and went back down to his husband and granddaughter.
The last photo was of the girls standing with their backs to the camera holding each other's hand, their hair blown by a breeze that had come by. I stared at the photo much longer than the others, until I felt a large hand grab my own and gently tugged me away from the picture.
"Let's visit her tomorrow, after we get River from school."
"Can I have a winged horse for Christmas, Papa?"
The light from the hallway shone into the room, letting him see the outline of John laying face up on the bed. The nauseating smell of gunpowder grew stronger and hung around him like a thick fog.
At this point, I normally would've rambled out an elaborate apology for Sherlock's behavior, but I could barely squeak out a "sorry," before I got up and went into the hallway.
"Indie, you ate your whole breakfast!" Mrs. Hudson said while clearing her plate.
"Okay girls, Uncle Gary will sit with you until Papa and I come back, be good for him, alright?"
"Dr. Watson, Mr. Holmes, you really need to come with me." the woman in a white coat said.
"Yes, darling, the most brilliant room of all."
"I think it'll be alright if you write about more than one, lovebug, she'll love to read all of your happy memories!"
He smirked to himself as he tapped his fingers on the desk, watching the door, waiting for the rays of sunshine he actually wanted shining on his face.
"She's still sleeping, it's still so early and I didn't want to wake her, she looked so peaceful," she said, dabbing at her eyes with a tissue.
"I was sleeping, Sherlock. Is everything alright there?" John asked, worry apparent in his voice.
Christmas never mattered to me much, even as a child. I had figured out that Father Christmas was a fake entity by the age of 3 so there was never any 'magic' in the day for me. I let my mother dress me in my suit and I opened my presents with some enthusiasm, after all, a new chemistry set was worth feigning interest in a large man in a red suit. John came into my life and suddenly 221B was filled to the brim with tinsel and lights when December came around. I donned reindeer socks and tolerated Christmas parties in my flat, for John. I had no idea at the time why I did so much for this little soldier as the idea of loving him had not yet occurred to me. After we married, I contributed a bit more to the festivities, helping to decorate, letting John put a Santa hat on my head, and even standing behind John at the shops as he picked out presents for our friends. It was tedious work and I would, of course, interject when I knew the person he had selected the gift for would absolutely hate it. I think John appreciated it, even though he usually ended the trip muttering expletives with a face as red as those silly hats.
Her sweet face broke into a smile, showing the gaps that adult teeth would never fill. She and River had lost their first teeth at the same time, John teaching me the frankly ridiculous myth of the 'Tooth Fairy.' But when River and Indigo came running down the stairs, toothless smiles beaming and holding fivers proudly in their hands, it didn't seem so ridiculous after all.
The girls bounded down the stairs, knocking furiously on Mrs. Hudson's door.
"Of course, princess," he said, holding out his arms to her.
I spent the rest of that night making silly faces at her as she giggled away.
He was small for his age, dressed in navy blue pajamas decorated with dinosaurs. He lay on his side, his eyes closed. A shock of raven, messy curls matted with blood sat on top of his head. His right arm was twisted at an awkward angle. The ghost of a black eye darkened the child's porcelain skin.
The atmosphere of dinner, however, was much more cheerful. They ate in between laughter and talked about the happy memories they had in this flat. Even Sherlock's lips quirked after a joke that Michael made.
"I think I bumped it on my desk, but it didn't hurt at all. Is it bad, Papa?" She said, her little brows raised in worry.
I jumped up and grabbed the plate from him, sitting in my chair and finishing the rest.
He sighed. "It's the only chance to see our little Sunshine in a ballgown, with her hair and makeup done. It's as close to a wedding as we're going to get with her."
River was already awake when I walked in the room and was bouncing around Sherlock, asking him when they could leave, again and again. Indie still lay on the couch where Sherlock had laid her down.
"Dadadadada," she said, pointing to her mouth.
GIRL!
"What color did you decide on for your bedclothes, lovebug?" I asked, making my way to the sofa where Molly sat.
After breakfast had been eaten, I gave the girls a bath and got them dressed for the day, River in a purple jumper and leggings and Indie wearing a long sleeved dress covered with ice cream cones and gray leggings underneath. I left their long curls down, brushing them the few times the girls would allow me to before they tugged away and went off to play, River waiting for Indie as she slowly made her way into the front room.
"Goodnight, my sweet girl, I love you," he whispered to his sleeping child.
He paused and looked fondly at Indie sleeping in his arms, rubbing his finger across the baby fuzz on her head.
Papa?, a faint voice whispered.
Her sniffling turned into sobs then, tears dripping onto her doll and her lap.
I began to spin back to the flat, Indigo's laughter carrying me back into reality.
A dark stain was spread around John's head, his once bright eyes staring up into nothingness. His pistol lay in his lifeless hand, a single shell casing sitting on the bed.
He noticed their bedroom door was slightly ajar, when it was normally closed. He ran to the door, flinging it open.
No, I didn't see this so called 'magic' of Christmas until I saw River and Indigo open their first presents on Christmas morning and they shrieked with joy, toddling around the room, showing all of us their presents. I was entranced by them and suddenly, Christmas was my favorite time of the year.
"Good evening, my darling, it's about 11 at night now, still March 1st. Papa went downstairs to tuck River in, you've been sleeping for about an hour and a half," I told her. As she had been falling asleep randomly, I liked to keep her up to date on the day and time and what had happened since she fell asleep. I didn't want her to feel disoriented and frightened when she woke up.
I flew into the doors of the A&E, my coat billowing behind me, shoes clicking on the tile, suitcase in hand. John only had time to say that our little girl was very sick and I needed to get to hospital immediately before I had hung up because I couldn't stand the screaming anymore.
"Papa, where's Daddy? Is he gone too? Daddy, Daddy!" She screamed.
"Let's do something fun, Daddy!" River shouted as she flew into my arms, sitting herself down next to her sister.
"Daddy…tell Uncle My that… you love him"
She gave him a kiss on the cheek and bounded over to Sherlock, snuggling into his lap and turning on the telly.
River stood just inside the front room, her hand rubbing away tears falling down her cheeks.
"John?" He whispered.
We sat with Indie until they came for her. Sherlock and I wrapped her in a white sheet, tucking her teddy bear in with her. I carried her to the van waiting outside and we kissed her forehead, telling her again how much we loved her. A man began to pull the sheet over her face when Sherlock grabbed him.
I went upstairs and found Sherlock getting ready to go to Scotland Yard for his "birthday present," a stack of cold case files. The girls and I said our goodbyes to him before he left for Scotland Yard and he slipped out the front door with a smile and a wink, donning his black coat and blue scarf. River and Indie raced to the window to watch Sherlock as he disappeared from sight.
"Will I be able to think about her without crying, Papa?"
"Oh my love, shh, Papa's here, it's going to be alright, Papa's here."
"I…love…you."
"Hold on, loves, let Papa take a picture!" I shouted, running after them.
Fat teardrops began to roll down her cheeks, a look of disbelief on her face. Her breathing was rapid, almost as if she was hyperventilating. I ran my hand down her mess of curls and tried to pull her closer to me, but she pushed back against me.
"I see a bird! And a tree!"
We sat in two chairs placed in front of the desk, but she did not sit behind the desk. She pulled up a chair and sat in a space directly in front of us. She sighed and began to speak.
Sherlock stirred, opening his eyes to find John next to him.
She nodded, a bit of a smile lighting up her face.
They jumped off the last step and ran to the door, scuffling for a bit before Indie finally grabbed hold of the door and opened it. Both of the girls looked out the door and froze.
He harrumphed and muttered, "She'll be my little girl, always."
I woke up with a start, in an unfamiliar room, still in my pajamas.
"Yes, but don't get too close now, her sore throat is very contagious."
I cleared my throat to get everyone's attention.
"Sherlock…?"
"River?" Indie coughed.
John cleared his throat, his blue eyes dulled with pain, his face contorted in a feeble attempt to conceal his anxiety and fear.
I trudged down the stairs, Sherlock hesitantly following behind me. We sat in our respective chairs, facing Mycroft, his businesslike demeanor only marred by the
"Come on, Papa and Daddy! Don't be so old!"
"John, what's going on?"
I stood, dumbfounded in the doorway, until he looked up and saw me.
"Yes, but when the sea snail dies of depression in a flat in the middle of London…"
"Well if you're sure, Sherlock, but when I come for you all, they need to have their hair fixed (again) and make sure they look as perfect as when I brought them home this afternoon.
"Daddy, Papa, will it hurt to go to heaven?" Indie finally hiccuped out as she calmed down enough to speak.
"Daddy, how are you? How did the PCR run?" River asked, giving Sherlock a kiss on the cheek.
The front door opened as River called out, "Papa, Daddy! I'm here!"
The girls immediately stiffened. They were highly intelligent and sensitive children and could see right through our lame attempts to hide our sadness and anxiety from them.
We had so many things left to do.
"We're going to build a rocket ship during break, Papa, and River will be the pilot and I'll be the navigator since I love the stars so much!" Indie said, bouncing up and down all the while.
Wait…bare feet? That isn't right.
I shut my eyes against the noise and opened them to find Indie fast asleep and River in Sherlock's arms watching a show on her tablet, Sherlock absentmindedly playing with her curls. Mycroft had gotten up and stood looking into the raging fireplace, one arm stretched out with his hand gripping the mantle that held that damn clock, with its incessant tick tock, tick tock that grew louder every day. Mrs. Hudson took my hand as we resumed watch of our little girl.
He sat there motionless, without even a blink.
John opened the door to the darkened room and saw Sherlock standing at the window, staring out into the street below.
He silently nodded his head and went out of the room, placing his hand on Sherlock's shoulder briefly before leaving.
Sherlock harrumphed and sat through the appointment, answering questions when spoken to, allowing the nurse to place the EKG stickers on his chest. He was diagnosed with angina, brought about by his years of drug abuse the doctor surmised, and given a variety of medications to take and a referral to a cardiologist.
"Yes, that was her."
"Yes, Papa, we'll be extra careful!" River said, running out the door.
I burst into a fit of laughter so hard that tears began to roll down my cheeks. The girls ran into the kitchen, laughing.
Sherlock groaned underneath all of us and I looked over at him, worried that we really were bothering him. Instead, I saw the man I loved with a huge smile on his face. His eyes caught mine and he shook his head with a laugh and settled his head back onto the couch.
Raven curls flew at me and landed in my lap, shifting me backwards in my chair with a slight oof.
"Let's go, River, time to get you to school!" I said cheerily, crossing the room and scooping her into my arms.
River and Indigo screamed and threw themselves onto the floor, where the puppy enthusiastically jumped and licked their faces.
I grabbed his hand and said, "Whenever you're ready, love."
She was lying on the bed with her eyes closed, her face whiter than the sheets she rested on, traces of blood still trapped in the dry cracks of her lips, her hair fanned out around her head. The only signs of life were her chest steadily rising and falling and the beeping from the heart monitor.
"Please, John, put it in the drawer, just in this drawer right here," I said as softly as I could.
"River, love, can you stay here and finish the game with Nana Hudson? Daddy and I need to talk, we'll just be in our room, alright?" I said to her with a smile.
I chuckled, "No River, Daddy will be just fine. Play with your sister until Daddy and I come back."
He flinched.
"Don't worry, John, I gave them an approximately fifteen-minute lesson on bike riding last week."
I stood up, River standing up with me, holding onto my hand and waving furiously at Sherlock, shouting hello at him.
"You weren't assassinated by a sniper, John, so yes I would say it worked quite well before! I have always done my best to make sure you are safe!"
And just like that it was Christmas Eve. The flat had been draped with garland and tinsel and lights in every possible nook and cranny. A small tree sat in the corner of the room, with most of the ornaments ending just at the height of two little girls. Smells of hot chocolate and freshly baked cookies came up from where the girls were baking with Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock and I sat in our chairs, typing away on our respective laptops.
"Fine, John. River, don't misplace the wallet, just misplace the money inside."
"If only it were enough, John, if only it were enough."
He winked and swept past me, guiding the squealing girls towards the "spaceship," his coat billowing behind him.
John laughed to himself, "Remember when we would chase Indie and River down these streets, watching them kick up the cherry blossom petals."
Indie turned her head towards the woman that she loved so much.
The girls had, after an hour or two of internet searching and a bit of help from me, found the largest Rubik's cube that was being sold in stores and decided that they would get that for Sherlock. The cube was 10x10 with electronic squares that would change colors if the puzzle wasn't solved in 12 hours. I thought it perfect for Sherlock's ever searching mind, looking for the next puzzle, the next case.
"It wouldn't do for you to be exhausted, now would it, John?"
"Ah John, this isn't quite the end of this party. If everyone could please direct their attention to the front doors, we have a final surprise for you, River and Indigo."
"There is nowhere to go, Sherlock. Nowhere except back to Baker Street to give that beautiful little girl the best months of her life. I am so sorry brothers mine." Mycroft grimly replied.
And that is how she would remain for the rest of my life.
"I'll come by your office tomorrow and explain."
"Can I take a peek?" I asked the photographer.
And she cried.
Raven curls flew past Sherlock and I and stopped behind Sherlock's chair. Another set of little footsteps tramped down the stairs and ran into the kitchen behind us.
I sat on my chair and placed my head in my hands, unleashing the sobs I had been holding in.
"If you're sure, Sherlock."
I furrowed my brow, I didn't quite understand, they were having a birthday party, not a wedding.
River skipped into the room in purple flannel pajamas, followed closely by Mrs. Hudson. River's hair hung straight and damp, her bare feet padding across the floor. She came to a rest at Indie's bedside, John lifting her onto the bed. She crawled to Indie's side and placed a gentle kiss on her cheek. Indie stirred, her eyes flashing with joyful recognition, but they quickly closed again.
"I love you, my Indigo Rose," Mycroft choked out before quickly turning, light catching on the tears that had begun to roll down his face.
Sherlock brought her hand to his lips, gently kissing it before placing it back onto the bed. He straightened up and looked Mycroft in the eye. Mycroft straightened and looked at his younger brother, his face stony. It almost looked as if they were ready to fight each other.
"Hello?"
"Hold what? And what did we say about experiments in the kitchen, Sherlock? Children, remember? Our children?"
She was always the best when it came to pickpocketing.
"John?" He said, his eyes squinting.
"We should have children," he said without hesitation.
Sherlock smiled.
"All yours, my darlings."
"Arms out at your sides!"
He put his hands over hers to stop her from banging the blocks. He looked at her small lip turning downward and immediately regretted his decision. She began to sniffle and he knew he had only seconds before she began to wail. He scooped her up and hurried downstairs.
I met his eyes and said, "Yes, that's exactly right, Sunshine, you got it from both of us."
"Yeah, I don't know why I thought of it today," he quietly said, sitting in his chair and flipping open the paper, placing the bear protectively against his side.
"Then why does Indie have to die?"
"We can't actually take them to the Moon, Sherlock." I replied.
A few days later I was looking for my laptop…again. I opened one of the desk drawers and found a picture album. I sat down and opened it.
Sherlock. River Grace. Indigo Rose. Family. Love.
He took a tissue from the table and wiped tears from Indie's face, sitting down on the arm of the chair.
"Every flower that you see, every single one, is painted especially for you, by your own special angels."
"Alright Sherlock, we're heading out, there's leftover chicken in the fridge, don't blow the flat up, we'll be back by 8."
I set River down and she went over to her sister, tucking her legs underneath her as she sat down. She took Indie's hand in hers and rattled off the events of her day.
Indie bounced onto Sherlock and I's bed, shaking me out of sleep.
"We only ever got to go back once after that, then Indie got sick," River said with a sigh, setting her pencil down on the paper.
"Can you come here? I need help with my homework!"
Over the next few weeks, we started the girls with a therapist who specialized in these types of things. I knew that neither I or Sherlock could help River and Indie get through this without someone else's help. They liked her, called her Miss Laura. Some of the appointments were with Sherlock and I and some were just the girls. Laura told us that at this age, the girls were just barely able to grasp that death was so permanent. We would all have to help River get to a point of acceptance after Indie left us and it would probably take weeks, or even months.
River and Indie sat the tray onto my bedside table and clambered onto Sherlock and me, Indie came to rest on my chest, with River tightly wrapped around Sherlock. I sat up with Indie in my arms and joined my family in a group hug.
"Can we keep her, Daddy?"
, Papa, promise?" She asked him as he picked her up.
"There's lunch, can you pick your toys up while I get it ready?"
During the next few days, Sherlock became more quiet, more withdrawn, clinging to Indie more. Even River, our firecracker, settled down and preferred tea parties or playing baby dolls with Indie than dissecting worms with her Daddy or running around the park with me. I knew both of them had figured out something I could not yet see and I had never been more frightened in my life. I had only approached the subject once since I noticed Sherlock acting strangely and that was met with a glare and deafening silence.
I picked Indigo up and we went up to our flat. River set the plate of cookies down in the kitchen and I sat down in my chair, Indigo still in my arms.
It was then I saw the title of one of the papers on the floor. It was about Indie's illness. I picked it up and fell back into my chair. The article was printed 3 days ago. The corner of the papers was bent and torn and there were tears along the edge of the paper, as if someone was rapidly turning the pages. There was blotted ink on the pages where it looked like tears had fallen.
Daddy loves you, forever and always, my darling.'
Indigo and I both broke into a fit of laughter, her voice already sounding less painful and raspy as she launched into the story of this morning's experiment.
We pulled up to 221B with the girls asleep in our laps, light from the 'stars' twinkling on their sweet faces. I gently picked Indie up and we made our way into the flat. Mrs. Hudson came out to greet us and I put my finger to my lips, nodding my head towards the sleeping child on my shoulder. She smiled and went back to her flat, the sounds of tea being made emanating through the doorway.
I needed him.
"Mycroft pulled some strings, he can't deny our precious girls a thing."
I nodded and she gently patted my face. She went to Sherlock and he wrapped his arms around her immediately, bending down to bury his face in her shoulder. She rubbed his back and after a time, he let her go.
Sherlock came running into the room at that moment, stopping when he saw us huddled on the floor.
"That tickles, Mr. Duck!" She laughed as the ducks ate from her hands.
We would come upon this picture some weeks later as John and I sat in the front room placing pictures into albums, the fresh spring air coming in through the open windows.
"Language, John," his deep baritone admonished.
She nodded her head, a smile crossing her face.
"Oh, hello River!" Molly said with a laugh.
"Sherlock, we're not doing this tonight, not now. You'll see the cardiologist soon and they can fix these things right up. No death talk, you're only 64." John said stubbornly, poking at the fire.
The word kept spinning around in John's head, making him nauseous. He held his hands up and open, keeping them as non-threatening as possible.
Sherlock paced around the kitchen, making laps around the table again and again, a baby monitor clutched in his hand. A bright '4:00' flashed from the microwave behind him. A snuffle came from the monitor and he stopped in his tracks. His face contorted into one of panic and he ran up to the nursery, his blue dressing gown flying behind him.
"Of course, sir. It will be brought at exactly 8 pm."
"He's injured and he won't say a word to me, he only shuts the door when I try to go into the room," he said.
I stood and walked over to him, placing my forehead on his.
I suddenly felt very alone, my arms and heart aching to hold my little girl again and listen to her excitedly tell me about her day. I caught Molly's eye and she grabbed my hand and held it, giving me a sad smile. I sighed and cleared my throat, emotion beginning to overwhelm me.
We had just put the girls in their bathrobes when I noticed that John was staring off into the distance, a blank look on his face. Indie began to pull at his jumper sleeves.
With that, we both collapsed into each other arms and curled into each other on the bed, my cries muffled into Sherlock's chest and his tears dripping silently onto my hair.
She nodded against my cheek and her hiccupping sobs seemed to slow down. We sat on the cold bench on the dull, gray street for what seemed like forever, until she picked her head up and brushed her hands across my cheeks, wiping away the tears that had long dried up.
He gathered us all in his long arms and said, "I love you all so much, my loves, my family."
Panic began to rise in my chest.
I fixed Sherlock's hair as we stepped out of the bedroom and straightened my own shirt.
We crawled into the bed next to her, both of us struggling to keep from crying.
"He'll find me, he always did," Sherlock said, his eyes darting about, his whole body trembling with fear. "He found me no matter where I hid."
"Brilliant, my little detective!" Sherlock said with a kiss to her bouncing curls.
"Come on, Indie!" River whispered, pulling her along to the couch where Sherlock lay. They bounced onto him, his head jerking up with the sudden weight on him. I crossed into the kitchen to put the leftover food in the fridge.
Against everything I had learned in medical school, I scooped up my seizing daughter, cradling her tiny body, feeling her arms and legs hit and kick me, and ran.
"John?" He finally said, blinking rapidly, the tears finally running down his pale, sharp cheeks. He wrapped his arms around himself, his tailored jacket and ironed shirt becoming wrinkled. His breathing became rapid and his cheeks reddened, the realization of what had just happened hitting him completely.
The light from the rising Sun washed over the room, a warm glow enveloping father and daughter.
"Papa, when can we come back?" Indie asked, her mouth covered in melted ice cream.
"He made it possible for us to experience the greatest joys…the greatest sorrow."
Besides her toys and clothes, she had requested only one other item be brought down.
I quickly looked at John, a mixture of confusion, pain, and fear in his eyes, a mixture I was sure was reflected in my own. I could tell John was about to break. His soldier's heart that had been hastily glued back together in the time leading up to this conversation was falling apart before my eyes. He couldn't do this. I had to protect him.
"I could think of no better place, my love."
"No, Papa! Pink!" River said again, her wiggly tooth slightly shifting with the force of her exclamation.
"We did! They're so pretty, Uncle Mycroft, and they look just like us!" She said with a giggle.
"Shut up, Sherlock."
"Carry me, Papa?"
But, I should've known too.
The walls were painted a soft yellow with a border of yellow sunflowers. White curtains were shut over the window and a plush light gray carpet lay between the two beds over the dark hardwood. The girls' furniture was also a light gray color. Each girl had their own bookshelf that we had filled with books and other trinkets. A table for arts and crafts sat underneath the window. They had a shared toybox and dollhouse at the other end of their room. The walls were decorated with drawings done by the girls and posters of Disney Princesses and, more recently, space-themed posters. Sherlock had also added a periodic table to the wall ('They can never start learning too early, John,' he replied when I saw him tacking it to the wall.)
"Sherlock, please…"
"It was okay, Papa was helping me with homework and was telling me about how Indie is painting all the flowers for me!"
A pug, a bloody little pug, was sitting in our flat. The girls had finally been put to bed, Sherlock was tinkering with some experiment in his study, and the little dog was sitting in front of me, his head cocked to the side.
I laughed out loud when I saw that I had captured the blur that was our beautiful River Grace running in the background.
They smiled widely and quickly turned, their pigtails whipping around as they did so.
"Wow, so she has been visiting! But I still can't see her?"
"Our silly, flower loving, dancing, sunny Indigo Rose." He said, his eyes drifting towards the stars that twinkled above London.
"Oh yeah, what kind of chef, River?" I asked.
"Thank you, Papa! Can we go now, Papa?"
I wanted to shut my ears and run away, take John and River and Indigo to another doctor, another hospital that would make my Indigo Rose all better again.
She nodded and brought her eyes up, tears already falling down her cheeks.
The man set the sheet back down and nodded his head. We climbed out and stood on the sidewalk, getting one last glimpse of our daughter before the doors were shut.
But she continued to smile, through every painful step, through every headache, through the chills that left her soaked through with cold sweat. She laughed as much as she could and she made us laugh too, with her silly jokes and funny dances. Oh, how she loved to dance.
Around noon, the dark oak door creaked open and Sherlock emerged, dressed as well as ever. John wanted to run to him and hold him in his arms but kept himself composed. He didn't want to frighten Sherlock away.
I turned to face River and Indie, both of whom were staring at me wide-eyed, with pools of tears in their eyes.
Recognition flashed in her eyes and she held her own finger to her lips, I nodded at her and drew her into my lap, rubbing my nose against hers.
"What was she doing today?"
John hadn't realized he was staring at Sherlock in such a way and quickly closed his mouth. "Sherlock," he said, "are you sure you want to go to another case? I mean, with what happened last night…"
"Forever and ever."
The little girl turned, unmistakable bright hazel eyes staring back at her, a wide grin set on her face. Her cheeks were full again and there were no longer dark shadows under her eyes. She wore a short blue and white striped dress, white Keds on her feet.
Curse this cruel world that had taken her, destroying my family, leaving only memories and sunflowers behind.
"Ready, Charlotte?" John said.
I took a deep breath, trying to steady myself before knocking gently on Mrs. Hudson's bedroom door. I opened the door and crept quietly in, the sight of those raven curls making me sigh with a strange relief, like I was expecting River to have gone too.
I nodded my head and got up, placing Indie back on the bed. I kissed her forehead. Good, no fever.
He nodded his head and scrolled through some of the pictures on the TV screen he had set up. The group ones were the most entertaining, one caught Mycroft mid-blink, one had Greg turning his head, Mrs. Hudson was chatting away to me in one, and I was giving a glare in another to Sherlock for rambling on about the murder he had solved only 2 km away from here.
"Imagine, babies sleeping during the night…"
My heart tore with each word I spoke. I wasn't sure if I believed my own words, but, for John, it was always for John.
He sniffled and I felt him nod his head slowly.
"That jacket I got looks good on you, love." I said, moving closer to him.
"My head hurts a little bit and Papa said I'm still warm, so can I have a popsicle today?" she said, smiling.
"Me next, Daddy!" Indie said, her arms thrown up into the air.
And soon, I was standing with that beautiful young woman at her graduation and watching her as she made her speech.
I shrugged Indie's backpack on and we all set off to take the girls to their first day of school.
I laid back down and took Sherlock's hand, his eyes had become cold and empty, focused only on our daughter that lay between us.
"Jesus Christ, our daughter is dead, her sister is dead, and her father looks like he's well on his way to following her! Is that what you want? Do you want to die too, leave us behind so you don't have to suffer this hell anymore, you selfish prick?!"
"What did you wish for, Indie?"
John shut his laptop and placed it next to him. He went over to her and sat cross-legged on the floor, his knees clicking as he bent down.
He hung his head and shook it, his dark curls swaying back and forth.
Daddy
"Papa? I won the blue tongue contest," she said, with a very tired voice.
"Just a second, I'll be right out," I said, wiping at my face with my sleeves.
Tears dropped onto my hands as he weakly nodded.
"Thank you both for sitting with them," I whispered.
"IS THAT A SPACESHIP?!"
"Hello little brother, good afternoon John."
"John, there is no need to treat me like one of the victims you always love to coddle, nothing happened," Sherlock snapped, his eyebrows furrowed in anger, but his eyes briefly flashing with fear.
That night we did whatever the girls wanted to do, Chinese takeaway was ordered, we sung along with Frozen, made mountains of bubbles in the bathtub, and read two books in bed.
"A November baby! How lovely!"
"I'm going to turn the light on now," he said, as calmly as he could. When did he decide he had to announce everything he was going to do? John felt like he was defusing a bomb, every move he made could set it off at any time.
We had eaten dinner with River and Indie in her hospital room, even Greg joined in on the meal. Mac-and-cheese, just like Indie had wanted that night that seemed lightyears away. We had not yet told them what the doctor had told us, until we knew for certain what the plan was. We just said that Indie had to stay here for at least another day so that the doctors could watch her and make sure her infection had cleared up.
My arms felt decidedly empty. There were usually two little girls for us to hold, one for each of us. I didn't like the emptiness. I switched on the telly and sat the pillow behind my back on my lap. We sat there contentedly for an hour, before a small knock on the door signaled Molly' arrival.
I looked and marveled, not at the sun, but at my daughter, blonde curls wild in the wind, hat long forgotten, her small frame dancing against the backdrop of the setting sun. Glimmers of the dying light reflected off the drops of water and ice that lay on her coat and in her hair, so that it seemed she was glowing.
"I'll see you tomorrow, John, see you tomorrow, Sherlock," she gasped out.
"I love you too."
"Uncle Mycroft! Where were you?" Indie yelled from her spot on the floor where she sat with her sister and Jack.
"Papa, Daddy, I'm home! Uncle Greg brought me home in his police car!" River shouted as the front door swung open. John and I wiped away our tears as River rushed up the stairs and came into the kitchen.
His daughter needed him.
His eyebrows shot up and a shout came from him.
"There's my brave girl, we'll be back in a bit."
River sat up, blades of grass stuck to her raven hair, and put her feet together. She rested her elbows on her jean-clad knees and put her chin in her hand. She took a twig and began drawing circles in the dirt.
Peace had finally been found in these happy days.
"I love you, Daddy," her voice whispered.
I reached behind me to grab a towel when she began to cough violently. I turned around to find Indigo with a small trail of blood slowly coming out of the side of her mouth, the bubbles in front of her turned a sickening shade of red.
"Indigo Rose Watson-Holmes! Where is my daughter?" I shouted at the secretary, who looked up at me with a startled face.
I walked over to the table and placed my lips on my daughter's forehead, wisps of blonde hair stuck to the sweat shining across her forehead. Indie whimpered and inched herself closer to me. "My God, she's absolutely burning up, Mrs. Keaton, what's her temperature?"
"Go ahead, open it."
In the meantime, Indie had come running over to join us and said, "River said we had to fight the moon people, but I'm sure they're nice and I don't want to hurt them, I just want to be Princess."
Sherlock rested his head against John's shoulder, his breath soon evening out. John wrapped the covers around himself and River and placed his head on Sherlock's, the exhaustion of travel quickly overcoming him.
"I was hungry today! I haven't been this hungry in so long, Nana Hudson."
"Love you too, sweetheart." I watched as her eyes closed and her breathing evened out. I tiptoed to the door and went down the stairs. Sherlock looked at me, anxious eyes following my every move.
"We're sorry they don't look like your pancakes, Papa!" River piped up from between Sherlock and I. "Yeah Papa, we tried to make them cook in the pans, but we couldn't get the pans to work!" Indie said, "but we made you cards! We left them in the living room, we didn't want to make them messy and icky!" Both girls' smiles beamed up at us and I couldn't help but chuckle. I glanced at Sherlock, who had a similar mask of amusement on his face.
"Yes, darling, you can stay home. If that's what you need, you can stay home." Sherlock told her, brushing her wet hair back.
"Look, Papa, there's a bird! Two birds! I wonder if they're daddy birds, maybe they have two baby birds at home just like you and Daddy!"
"Yes, Papa, just hold my hand, okay?" She said, grasping onto my hand.
Raven curls became longer and were put into ponytails and messy buns instead of braids, lips were painted with lipsticks instead of melted ice cream, and lacy dresses were replaced with jeans and tank tops. She grew too big for bedtime stories and became too heavy to pick up off the couch and lay into bed. Cuddles were 'weird' and a quick kiss on the cheek with a fleeting 'love you' was rare. Fights were had and curfews were set.
"You want me to hold the peas on your bum?"
BABY B: It's a…
Whenever we had guests over, they would show them this picture and tell them they were "proper British ladies" and that someday their Uncle Mycroft would allow them to have tea with the Queen.
A long sigh was heard through the phone, "Alright, Sherlock, go ahead."
At that point, he flipped the switch and the ceiling of the limo brilliantly lit up with small bright dots against the black fabric of the ceiling. They were the constellations that were in the sky tonight.
"My darling…" Sherlock said, getting up and wrapping River in a hug, tears forming in his eyes. He pulled away and kissed her on the forehead, tears beginning to stream down her face.
I got up just before sunrise and went to the locked box I kept on the shelf, taking the vial of morphine out and giving Indie her morning dose.
"No, my love, you're safe, you're safe right here with me and I won't let anyone hurt you ever again, I promise you," John said, his hand brushing through swirls of inky curls.
"Oh, Aunt Molly and I got you and Daddy one too!" She said, taking another jar from the bag and handing them to John.
Greg didn't know Indie's diagnosis or prognosis, but he wasn't stupid, he knew it was bad. He had seen our red, puffy eyes and our dashes in and out of the room to talk to doctors.
"Papa! Daddy! There's so many puddles outside, may we go play in them?" Indie asked, her sweet face shining up at us.
We have everything! And if we forgot something, surely Mycroft's people could get it at this point. The car will be here any minute for us!
"Good afternoon, Sherlock," John said, trying to keep his tone as neutral as possible. He hoped his face didn't show how worried he really was.
He paused then, his shoulders shaking, and wiped his face with a tissue before continuing.
"Butterfly? Darling, Indigo isn't with us anymore, she can't play with you." Sherlock said, sadly, sorrow replacing the brief flash of hope that lit up his eyes.
"JOOOOHN!"
"Papa? Am I ever going to be 7?"
"Yes, please!"
I sat down next to him and he laid his head on my shoulder and we sat quietly, watching our breath in the winter air.
Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson came upstairs, undoubtedly awoken by Sherlock, and found me sitting limply against the wall in front of our eerily silent bedroom. Mrs. Hudson, her face red and eyes puffy, knelt next to me, taking me into her arms.
It didn't work.
"I wish I could get some sleep…" John muttered.
Mycroft's seamstress had already fitted the gowns to the girls and I paid the cashier with the credit card Mycroft had given us. I set up a time to come pick up the gowns on Saturday morning and we all went off on our way. As it was only 7 o'clock, we stopped by a fish and chips shop for dinner. We had almost finished eating when I noticed Indie precociously wrapping her last piece of fish and some chips up in the wrapper.
And in the end, so was Sherlock.
"Your arithmetic skills astound me, John," he said, a playful smirk on his face, "but yes, it is most helpful." He finished burping Indie and carefully cradled her against him, his other hand typing away at his laptop.
She let go of my hand and sat back down, flipping a blue heart card over. I walked towards the bedroom, motioning Sherlock to follow me, which he did, his head hanging.
Sun shined onto Sherlock's face as he sat in the chair at his desk and he squinted in the rays of the unwelcome intruder. He sighed and lazily scooted his chair to turn his face away from the windows. 221B Baker Street was always so dull when John and the girls weren't home. He hated that John had to work and his daughters needed to go to school. He could just as well teach them by himself, they'd learn more practical lessons anyway.
"There you are, all clean."
"What is it, John? Why would you give us small shoes?" Sherlock said, confusion apparent in his voice.
They were all charming, but none of them could compare to the pictures we had gotten of River and Indie.
Sherlock, meanwhile, had appeared back into the room, fastening the button on his suit jacket. He was wearing a starched white shirt that stretched tightly over his torso and trousers that hugged him quite nicely. His slightly damp curls sat just right and his blue-green eyes shone from his pale face.
