The familiar yet thrilling sound of a text from Lestrade rouses Sherlock and pulls him from the room, across the hallway, down the staircase, through the front door, and back into his stiff body.
Sherlock seems to be attempting a smirk, but his eyes haven't gotten the message and still show worry.
Thinking is dangerous. Without thought, Sherlock puts one foot in front of the next. He crosses the room. He walks down the 17 steps to the front door. The doorknob turns.
"Um...what time is it again?"
"Don't forget 'Massive Prick'."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Ye- ~cough~ -ah. Just a bit of deja vu."
!Not delivered! (22:36)
"No. 'm too spinny. Movie?"
"Sh'lock," John replies, "wante' to text Sh'lock"
They eat like that for some time, sharing one pair of chopsticks even though there is another pair sticking out of the bag, until it's completely gone.
"Well Garrett, if you don't mind, I'm going home now."
Delivered: 03:56
John smells something burning.
You shouldnft be alllowwed to be so fuckin SEXYYYY and CURE aND HANDSOMMME fuck u
"I don't wanna hear it, Sherlock! You were acting funny just this morning until you realized my phone was dead! You could've easily sent it to me at 5, or I don't know, SPOKEN to me like normal people do! Instead you send me texts that I open in the middle of the workday?!"
Sherlock's surprised and slightly embarrassed.
As he gets dressed, he doesn't think about how clean the flat is compared to the night before.
Sherlock straightens his back and exhales shakily, "I apologize, Molly. You're not incompetent. And you're right, I'm very anxious."
Warm lips are pressed against Sherlock's own thin ones. It only lasts a couple seconds, but to Sherlock, it lasts minutes, hours. His stomach is full of butterflies, and he thinks of his grand-mère telling him about love as a young boy. John starts to pull away, but Sherlock follows him, kissing him again. John brings a hand up to rest under Sherlock's jaw and tilts his head, allowing the kiss to lengthen. When they pull away after several seconds, Sherlock lets it happen.
Thanks Nakx here on Ao3 for confirming the chapter title was correct!
Definitely want you to whip me. -SH
With a huff of annoyance, Sherlock sits up.
Sherlock? -JW
"I have something to show you."
"Okay then." After starting the movie up, Sherlock leaves and collects a blanket and pillow from John's room, which he delivers to the sofa. He sits on the opposite side from John, who kicks out the blanket so that it spreads the entire length of the piece of furniture in order to cover them both.
He feels a (tentative) hand on his shoulder
Sherlock smirks.
"Don' mind, right?" John asks.
!Not delivered! (04:21)
His breathing quickens.
The doorbell rings.
"Oh, fuck you! Won't even come out to face me?!" John says, heart dropping to his stomach as he makes his way to Sherlock's room.
Delivered: 03:35
"Yea-" His voice cracks. He tries again.
"Okay." He throws the burnt toast into the bin and puts fresh bread in the toaster, fidgeting as he does so. John watches him as he finishes the water and takes the medicine.
They both burst into giggles.
Sherlock sits down on damp grass. Looking over the lake, he begins to feel emotional exhaustion curl around his mind like the smoke from the cigarette he had on his way to the park. On the way here, he didn't dare allow any thoughts to manifest. Now, surrounded by complete silence, he can't hold them back.
"Can you say that again? Just want to record that for posterity."
John gets up, walks toward the sofa, and grabs his phone. A black screen greets him.
"Very funny, but seriously, I do."
"Yes." Sherlock is fed again.
"You're such an arse, really. I don't know why I let you even come in here half the time." Molly slams (as hard as she can without breaking the bottle) the iodine down.
"Thank you for sharing with me. It seems that I was hungry after all," Sherlock concedes.
"It's alright. We can just put some more in."
"What can I say? It was a long night."
Sherlock! I am currently enjoying some pints with Greg (which I told you but I think you were in your mind palace) and I just want you to know that I think you're devastatingly handsome! -JW
Pulling on his coat and adjusting his scarf, Sherlock leaves the room. "Goodbye, Lestrade."
The room is empty.
He brings his hands up to his face.
Sherlock is glad that he is on the far side of the bed. John reaches over him, retrieving his phone from the nightstand. He hands it to Sherlock, who reluctantly extracts his face from John's chest and his arm from around John's waist.
"Delicioussss, right?" John feeds himself a bite.
"Hello, John. Lestrade. I see you two had an eventful night."
"You're here," she begins, moving from confusion to sadness. "Did you get into a fight?"
"And you're clearly incompetent! Can you pass me the iodine?"
"I said, 'night'!"
"Okay, so maybe I didn't think it through well enough."
Sherlock doesn't say anything. He waits for John's breathing to slow, signifying sleep.
"Yeah, I would think so! You need to get ho-"
"I'm going to kick your arse!" He yells, shoving open Sherlock's bedroom door, hoping it knocks into him. He's grateful that anger is winning out over the bitter disappointment he can taste in his teeth.
"No. I didn't tell him in person. I texted him. His phone was dead this morning, though. I don't know when he's going to read it."
Sherlock laughs.
!Not delivered! (22:32)
(See the end of the chapter for
I can't stop thinking about you today. You're currently doing *something* with Lestrade--hardly deemed important by you, and therefore I am not traversing the whole of London (or so I assume that's what you're doing) by your side. I've spent the morning cleaning, the evening reading, and the night worrying as the second hand passes the scorched number 3 on the clock in my room over and over again (I should really replace it, but every time I think to do so, I laugh at the memory of you burning the wall in my room for an experiment. I will never tell you that I actually found this specific experiment amusing, or you will no doubt turn *that* into an experiment.) You said that today would be "boring" and that I wouldn't be needed, but I must admit I'm getting worried. Are you okay? Are you safe? Have you eaten anything? Are you thinking of me? -JW
"Grandparents?" Sherlock askes because his brain was slow.
John woke up because Sherlock's hair was tickling his nose. He resisted a sneeze, instead opening his eyes and leaning up on one elbow to look down at his beautiful consulting detective.
Sherlock opened his mouth, then closed it, then thought for a moment before trying again and failing to make a sound. John thought that it was out of character, for Sherlock to be floundering like that, especially in front of him. John thought it was almost like seeing little Sherlock, trying to voice his first deductions.
"Oi, this is my last vow, now, you had yours."
"Can we...can we go up to the casket?" John nodded, reaching for Rosie and holding her.
"Only his father is alive. His mother died of a heart attack," Sherlock said. He squeezed his eyes shut harder, trying to keep himself from crying. "She died without knowing what happened."
"I like you in a suit," Sherlock said into his shoulderblade.
Sherlock nodded and his mother let go and he wasn't really listening to what they were saying or what John was saying. Then Rosie was handed off, Sherlock feeling a slight suspicion that the impromptu visit had actually been planned, then John took his hand and lead him out.
"Don't want to talk about it."
Sherlock laughed, opening his watering eyes reflexively. John smiled at him sadly and Sherlock hated that he still made John look sad so he turned away and tried to wipe his eyes with gloved hands.
"Sherlock, you don't have to worry about that. You can't. You'd be taken over with what ifs and then what else will there be?"
John smirked. "Yeah, I think I would. We both sleep better that way."
"Mrs. H, do you think he has feelings for me? Romantic ones?"
"Maybe," Sherlock conceded, but he was smiling so John knew that he wasn't taking the statement seriously.
"Okay. I promise--"
"I asked you first," Sherlock argued because he didn't want to say that he did without John saying so first.
Sherlock looked panicked. His edge was still there, barely. His eyes were wide and unblinking, he barely moved. It was much like the time that he asked Sherlock to be his best man. He just stood and stared.
“Thank you for watching her,” John said as he kept looking over his daughter. “I hate to ask you to watch her for a bit longer.”
Molly smiled at him, but only slightly. "Yeah, Sherlock, we're friends."
It was after dark when police cars were waiting outside of the killer's residence. It was easy, really, considering that the victim wasn't originally from London and that she was young enough to still be going to University, that fact being perceived by the highlighter that dotted where her thumb met the rest of her hand.
Sherlock looked down at his hands. "Then how come I still feel like it is my fault, John?" He accused bitterly.
Sherlock eyed Mary's side of the bed. It felt wrong for him to take it because that was her spot and John had chosen her. But John smiled at him. "Go on, it's all fine, as long as you get some sleep."
"I suppose," Sherlock replied.
"Good. Find a seat and we'll get started."
John shrugged. "It doesn't seem as important anymore. I mean, who cares if anyone thinks I'm gay or not?"
John tightened his grip, one hand coming up to his head and holding gently onto his curls and Sherlock didn't know if he wanted to cry more to spontaneously combust because it hurt, but it didn't, it made him feel whole and good, but he knew that it was just momentary and that made it hurt again. "No you didn't. Rosie is safe, I'm safe, you've protected us and Mary had...she made her decision."
Sherlock nodded, then looked down slightly. "Is it okay if we just do that? For now?"
The question came to John's mind after the chase to the house. Sherlock had just stopped mid-sprint and John nearly bumped into him. When he stopped and looked up, Sherlock looked more like a picturesque angel statue than a man who had just run a few miles.
Sherlock didn't truly feel like he could breath until he was snuggled underneath a comforter with John holding him to his chest.
"Do you not want to see him?" John asked.
John settled into bed sleeplessly, turning the problem of Sherlock over in his head. It was an hour later when Rosie's cries shrieked through the baby monitor and John was thankful for something to do. But before he could even sit up, Sherlock's bounding steps were up the stairs and in the nursery.
"Come on, then. I can tell you're tired, you start almost slurring your words."
"And I'm sorry you felt like this with Mary," Sherlock added.
When Mary's face appeared, Sherlock felt the guilt return in waves. It was the woman John loved, John chose, that saved John from himself after Sherlock jumped off of Bart's.
John thought that there were many to work out, many scenarios to think through. He himself was too mentally, emotionally, and physically exhausted to really think about anything, but he also knew that Sherlock would avoid giving into his own exhaustion until his problem was solved. The final problem.
"How is he?" Lestrade had asked John while Sherlock was busy rattling off deductions.
"I know, but I have to try," Sherlock said, looking at John fiercely. "She's my friend, she didn't deserve to be played with like that and she definitely doesn't deserve the likes of me to love her anyways."
"Can I hug you? Would that be okay?"
"Yeah, looking at such a small coffin doesn't help," John replied. Sherlock looked to the front of the room. It was a closed casket, the bones of his childhood best friend tucked inside. It was small, child sized, and a shiny black. Flowers were propped around it with one large picture of the smiling little boy displayed next to it.
Sherlock was staying downstairs again. After a good cry and tea he felt that John had already been exposed to the emotional mess far too much for any sane person already and dared not to do it more. But the darkness was quiet and not a sound broke it and Sherlock hated it because it meant that it was entirely his own brain that was keeping him from sleeping.
"You'll be angry. You always get angry."
John grinned and nodded. "Of course. That would be perfectly alright with me."
John thought it was a noble cause and had to smile a little. When Sherlock reappeared, dressed and looking more Sherlock-like, John had cleared the dishes and started the washing. Sherlock silently rolled up his sleeves and started drying the dishes for him and putting them away in the cupboards. "You know you don't have to apologize to me for anything, right?"
John paused his washing, turning to look at Sherlock as he deduced the location of brown paper bags and started dropping the plate pieces into one. "Hold on, Sherlock--"
"Sherlock, I am sorry that I have ever raised a hand against you. I know what you went through after The Fall," Sherlock looked up with what must have been a bewildered expression, "and I hurt you when you came back and I'm sorry. And even after that, I still hurt you after Mary and I am especially sorry for that."
"John?"
"Alright..." Sherlock replied as he hoped that the dimly lit nursery would hide the blush that was standing out across his cheek bones.
"Sure, love," John said. He picked up the remote, searching for a late night channel. "Here, want to lie down?"
He appeared, only peering around the frame of the doorway. "Yes?"
Sherlock climbed into the passenger seat of the car, still not saying anything or even looking at John. Then as John drove them to get Rosie, Sherlock only came in, grabbed her diaper bag, and left.
“What has you so consumed at the moment? What are you trying to think about?”
There was a pause before a reply. "You think so?"
"Good night, Sherlock," John mumbled sleepily.
John huffed a laugh. "Is that a question or a statement?"
"I can tell, you're blushing."
Sherlock gave John a small, almost knowing smile before opening the door and walking out.
"Without solving it?" John wondered aloud.
Sherlock nodded. "It's fine, John."
"It's all just a bit nostalgic. Like we're coming back to the beginning again," John replied.
John went up and slowly put a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Come on, I know you’ll need the rest, you haven't stopped for days.”
When John started driving to the crime scene that he had planned to visit, Sherlock felt light. He felt that If Molly could forgive him and John could, then maybe not everything could be so bad. Maybe he could find closure himself, too. At least with Redbeard and Eurus.
When Sherlock turned, John was standing at the door he had his arms crossed, one shoulder leaning into the frame as he beamed at Sherlock. Sherlock froze, rewinding to remember if he had said anything particularly embarrassing.
Sherlock swallowed. "Why?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Are you coming up?" John asked hopefully. Sherlock shook his head. "Right then. Good night."
"You know, you must learn to sleep soundly in your own home, Rosie. I have a particular fondness for Baker Street as well and I'm just as guilty of not being able to sleep without someone else there, but you are an infant and I hope to rid you of that habit before it starts. Besides, I doubt your father would want to move back in to 221B."
"Yes, but you're known to be much more experienced when it comes to the realm of emotions," Sherlock countered.
"You think I can just turn it on and off like a tap?" Sherlock shouted. "If I did I wouldn't have pretended to hate everyone most of my life."
"I know," Sherlock muttered. "I just...miss him. Miss the person he could've been."
It was a week later when John thought it was a good idea for Sherlock to talk to Molly.
John was making breakfast downstairs when Sherlock finally woke up. He could hear him moving around, probably using the loo. John was worried that he wouldn't be awake in time to eat the toast, eggs, and bacon warm. John would've elected to eat beans and toast, but Sherlock wasn't particularly a fan.
"Oh, thank you, Sherlock." John took a sip, the cuppa made exactly the way he liked it. "Okay, now you have to answer me honestly, okay? Do you want me?"
"I refuse to be any kind of sexual experiment that you would wish to partake in while you're searching for someone to replace Mary as a mother and caregiver because I'm not a replacement and not just an experiment," Sherlock rushed out in an angry, almost hysteric tone.
Sherlock felt like he was paling. She knew how he felt, John was the only one in denial of what the best man's speech had meant.
"I have to, John. Forgiving is something that people need sometimes."
Sherlock smiled, a genuine one that made his face wrinkle in aesthetically pleasing ways. "Right. Thank you." Sherlock looked at the table top, then decided to take out his phone and start texting.
Sherlock got out and entered the building, almost gliding, trying not to look like he was in a hurry to get back to the comforts of 221B. John instead went to Mrs. Hudson’s flat and was greeted by a very affectionate hug through a pastel dressing gown.
When John kneels down next to him, he suddenly asks a question. "When you move back in will we be keeping the same arrangement. -- five foot eight, approximately 63.5 kilos."
John laughed a bit. "Yes, but I mean you're thinking like you were before. All... I don't know, negatively."
Once they got back to the house, Rosie cried and Sherlock changed her nappy and afterwards handed her to John without meeting his eyes. "She's tired, you should get her to bed."
"I thought you were going to the clinic." Sherlock had, of course, memorized John's schedule.
“By what?” A shrug. “Molly? Eurus?”
John smiled at him. "Because of exactly what you just said. You care so deeply and completely for people and if you would just show your heart it would be one of the most beautiful things about you."
, love, but definitely often. Whenever you like.” He bent down to press a kiss to Sherlock’s back, right over a particularly nasty scar. “Within reason.”
"Nn."
vital and strong but all Fawnlock wants to do for the middle half of the day is dig a shallow hole in a shady spot and lie in it. In the afternoon, when a fresh breeze starts coming in, John lies down right on top of them and teases Fawnlock gently for being so lethargic. They walk through the evening and sleep under the sky. John's up with the sun,
He traced a finger over the hole and then obliged, burying his face against Sherlock’s arse and writhing his tongue in. Sherlock keened. John kissed and licked into him long after the tight muscle began to stretch and relax, until he was concerned for his jaw cramping.
John smiled like the sun breaking through clouds, and dropped his bundle of clothing.
He storms up to bed soon after. He thinks about - apologising? Or at least discussing what they had been talking about - the next day, but couldn't work up the nerve. It’s easy to put it off when Sherlock is in full research mode. The day after that, he wakes up rutting into the mattress with slickness between his cheeks.
"Your mum rang me directly to invite us. I assume you gave her my number."
“I mean,” he amended, clearing his throat, “I love you.” Then he pursed his lips and stood at attention, waiting for Sherlock to respond.
?" Marie echoes.
“Okay, it’s going,” Marie’s voice says from the speakers. “Come on, dear, do it for me.”
Sherlock is… soft. After Mary, after the-baby-that-wasn't, after the gunshot wound that nearly killed John, Sherlock is unceasingly gentle. Delicate, even, whenever he speaks to John. He is always careful not to inconvenience, endanger, or irritate him, and John
“John, I -” and John understood, pulled away to watch him gasping as he pulsed onto his own stomach, John’s hand coaxing a few extra twitches from his spent cock. He licked his lips.
Expecting Sherlock to investigate the wound through his shoulder, John jerked in a little surprise at the lips pressed to his sternum.
“John!”
“So you
Grey eyes fix on him.
"Are my suppressants not working properly, or what," John scowls as he potters around getting breakfast. "I don't usually get ID'ed as Omega by strangers."
“You’re
John followed the unspoken order and leaned in closer, spoke softer.
John trembles.
“Why would we need to pretend anything?”
He shifted to one side, pressing firmly against Sherlock’s side and tracing with ticklish lightness down the lines of his throat, looping swirls over collarbones, dipping under his t-shirt towards shoulders. Sherlock tried to breathe, and with shaking hands stilled John’s fingers.
His voice was pitched even lower than normal, and the rumble was certainly soothing John.
“Good. Now don’t mention it again or I’ll dump your entire wardrobe in at the laundromat.”
“Yes, green, John.”
“Would you mind if I joined you?” While he has given no indication that he is awake, he’s not surprised that Sherlock knows he is.
Then he turns and runs. It should be like tearing off a bandage, but it feels more like being shot.
“Yeah, okay. I’m still tired, and I bet you are too. Shall we… go to bed?”
“You know what happens to people who hurt my brother.”
“So, what’s the plan for tomorrow, then? Do I get to know it, or will it be a surprise to me as well as the Liverpudlian police and criminals?”
“I - I don’t sodding well have it on me.” John traces the fine scars that shape Sherlock’s scrotum with his tongue. “It’ll be in the drawer.”
being reasonable, Sherlock. And she’ll grow up visiting you a lot, so I don’t have particularly high expectations of her ever being reasonable
“Yes, and the man we knew as Jim Moriarty is dead. But when I was –
In other folders, other files; photos of his feet, legs, knees. Many photos of his face in sleep. Even, christ, a collection documenting his cock, lying soft against his body. Some photos showed him awake, off-centre and often out of focus, and John remembered Sherlock fiddling with his camera as they lazed in bed late one morning. He must have turned off the ‘click’ sound it had to indicate when photos were taken.
“No, you can - yes.”
“Sherlock, that’s
“Idiot,” John berated, smiling. “I like you too. I mean, what do you like in bed. How do I make you come?”
Fawnlock "borrows" a pretty dress and wrestles it on to show off for Nymphjohn after seeing a human man being very appreciative of it on his lover. Nymphjohn has never really seen the point of clothes, but this
“Did not,” objects John with a laugh. “I knew what you were doing, but - that’s all you were doing. I wasn’t sure this would be welcome.”
“Second bedroom still available to rent?” he asked, aiming for levity. Sherlock nodded without saying anything, but when John returned from upstairs there was a steaming cup of tea waiting for him.
“But you know what to do.”
“God, I won’t be able to stay long.”
He stares hard at Sherlock then, trying to determine his truthfulness.
"You alright?"
He wakes some time later to Sherlock gently manipulating his arm to kiss a path from wrist to shoulder. After a press of lips to the centre of his old scar on his shoulder, he leans heavily on John with an air of expectation.
“No!” His mouth snaps shut and I try to smile at him. It wavers. “No, I understand
“I’m going to cook, Harr, it’s fine.”
"Yeah. The couch is good, yeah? D'you wanna see what we can do in your bed?"
"Yes, John," he intones, reaching out to briefly squeeze his knee.
“Incandescent, John; I want to do this forever.”
“Looks interesting. Shall we?”
“You’re not actually attracted to Alphas, though,” Sherlock announces conversationally into the silence of their living room. John snorts.
“You’re not invited,”Sherlock retorted, and hung up, leaving his mobile on the table as he returned to the bed.
“Mm.”
“Yes,” he breathed, and went boneless against the mattress. “You feel good.”
Unsurprisingly, he has to park a way down the road from 221, so his first load is Abigael in her carrier, while Sherlock totes his suitcase.
“Your opinion is of the utmost importance, John.”
“Love you so much,” Sherlock gasps as his fingers move inside himself. “I never imagined I could have anyone like you - but I hoped, god, I
again and writhed against her.
“Really? Good. Do it.”
“- and so obviously he couldn’t’ve been working alone, it was stupid of me not to-” Sherlock stops himself. Reddening, his gaze flickers over John, who keeps his face neutral. He will
He can do anything for John. Wiggling his fingers before they cramp grasping the headboard, he curves his back again to reach John’s mouth with his own, and starts to roll his hips.
“Soon,” he assured Sherlock. “I’ll kiss you here ‘til you are so ready for me, Sherlock, ready and begging -”
“Right. Good. So. I’ll see you Christmas. Have… have a nice time.”
"So you like it, then?"
“Turned out half true,” John murmurs, and receives a poke to the arch of his foot. An unbelievably young Mycroft strides onto screen, and on the couch, Sherlock hits the button to fast-forward. When the video plays again, it shows Sherlock a little older than in the photograph, running around a yard, chasing and being chased by Redbeard.
“You don’t understand,”
“She’s a good two to four years away from
, I love you too, and we’ll get back to that. I don’t - I don’t understand why you never
“I love you too. Please, I want you inside me now.”
“Always.” His cheek again, closer to his mouth. It feels like his lips are tingling.
“At my - you know I never slept with James, right.”
“You’re a bloody idiot, Sherlock Holmes. Nothing could stop me wanting y-” Sherlock cut him off, pressing a firm closed-mouth kiss to his lips.
“Even my brain is fallible. It’s difficult to stay rational in some situations. These are objective, immutable. When - if you ever leave, I’ll be able to remember it all.”
“Can I-”
Sherlock responded only by pressing closer against him until he had to lie back and let him wedge a knee between his hip and the back of the couch. He stayed where he was on hands and knees over John’s body, and after a long moment of enthusiastic but stationary kissing, John slipped a hand between them to stroke Sherlock’s chest.
"You can expect an invitation for your birthday as well. Sherlock has ignored Mother's insistence about this since two thousand ten, but frankly we all expect you to have better luck getting him here."
.” He gathers himself again. “It’s because I worry about you.”
“I don’t - I don’t know.” He looked distressed. “What should - what’s best?”
"Not like this." She purses her mouth, takes a sip of tea.
, a sober mind - I liked my experiences with Victor better than those with Sebastian. I liked
“Impossible.”
Refusing to let his afterglow sour, John murmured to Sherlock and eased out of him. He was stopped from moving away from him by Sherlock reaching for him and asking “don’t go anywhere, stay right here” so once he’d tied off the condom he wrapped both his arms around him and held him close, wrapped a hand around him. Sherlock thrust into his grip, whining in his desperation.
“I –” He can’t look John in the eye.
“Don’t care. I love you.”
John can’t reply, despite opening and closing his mouth repeatedly.
“What?”
Sherlock gestured for John to lie down, and settled over her. John had spent the whole of the previous day and night with her, and Sherlock loved the smell of her – across her breastbone, under her arms, between her legs – mixed in with herself and arousal. She lapped gently at her, just to taste.
- Sherlock, you -” John realises he is not being quiet, and clamps his mouth shut. Sherlock chuckles and presses a sweet kiss to his thin lips.
“Am I not?”
“Your turn. Come - on -” he panted, and John giggled again at his impatience, but Sherlock wasn’t finished. “- me, come on me John.”
Sherlock is lying expectantly on the mattress when he returns, tracing a finger in meandering swirls over his lower stomach and upper thighs. He sits up when John approaches the bed.
he wants to say, but he’s never been particularly eloquent for a minute either side of orgasm. He can feel John pulsing hot inside him. He drags in air. John releases his sensitive cock, holds his hip. Smoothing back his curls, he giggles.
“Mycroft should never have told you that. Anyway, it’s irrelevant. Clearly you are unaware that the stitchspell for my hearing is
I nod, straighten my collar.
“Alright,” John said. “Alright.”
“I can’t share a bedroom with her forever.”
He tucked a finger into the waistband of John's boxers and tugged.
"Uh, okay." Sitting in the middle, he lets Sherlock curl around him. Suddenly Sherlock speaks.
it?" His arse pressed back into the air, in case John didn't understand.
“You want to go home right away?”
“What?”
"Wrong. I'd really rather not, if it's all the same to you."
“He wants to fuck you, Sherlock! I’m wondering how or when we were going to talk about moving in together, and he’s wondering if we’d be interested in a threesome. So. Never getting laid again because men are jerks and you’re too fucking beautiful for your own good.”
"You'll have to teach me your recipe, I think, Dad. What do you put in this to make Sherlock eat it?"
“Probably,” John grinned.
"Do you have other photos? When he was grown up?"
“John -”
Sherlock turned away.
Sherlock drew himself up into his most imposing pose, looking down his nose at John. John cocked a hand on his hip and pointed, unmoved.
“No, stop.” There was a
“You know I love you, right?” John says in reply. “You’re never going to get my hands off you again.”
Still glistening with sweat and more than a little semen and lube, Sherlock had apparently fallen asleep. Peter grinned at John watching him, grabbed the cloths, and took care of clean-up. John tried to excuse himself, offering to get coffee, but Peter declined, said he’d be on his way.
“Uh, about half one, I think.”
in John’s voice and - he checked quickly - on his face. “You’re an idiot, you know. You could’ve just bloody told me you were worried.”
"You're anxious because you are comparing my spinal seam to a fleshy spinal cord, when in reality it is no more or less important to my well-being than every other seam on my body." Turning on the laptop, he began to check for cases.
"Helping whether I like it or not, I see."
“- what I thought of you.”
They are grinning at each other, and John cannot let on what that does to his chest. He collects his jacket.
“Yes, I liked to... imagine this.”
“Fascinating,” Sherlock breathes, and looks to the floor. He understands why other people hate being deduced: he feels raw and defenceless. Standing gives him at least the image of stability. With great effort he breathes again.
“Gonna kiss you all over,” he assured Sherlock. “Can I -”
“You’re angry now,” he observes. John is radiant.
He faltered, like John had really surprised him.
He does. It’s not a - it’s not a show, really; John leaves the duvet up, and he tries to look at Sherlock - without staring relentlessly at him - and when he comes, quietly but obviously, he stares at the ceiling a bit before looking back at his flatmate. Sherlock has his hand across his face, biting his thumb.
“Very good.” John petted his thighs and kissed him again, testing the rim with his tongue. He didn’t let himself smile at Sherlock’s words. Sherlock pushed back against him, even though the muscle did not give.
“It’s enough.”
“It's difficult to read implications in text messages," he berates John, collecting up Abigael's clothing he and Mary had amassed. "It's not unreasonable to ask for assistance; stop feeling guilty."
There is a pause.
“I think - hmm.” He has to find his voice. “I think, at this point, she’s your daughter too.”
“I love you,” she said again. Her voice was level. “I’m
"Something to consider after my heat passes. In the meantime, I'll continue with my fantasies as they are, thank you very much."
Sleep has taken a light hold of him when he’s roused again, this time by careful footsteps.
"What do I need to know?"
“You’ll tell me if it’s not good, okay,” he said, then gently covered the head of it with his mouth, keeping his tongue soft as he rolled it against him.
“Are impatient, I know. Shut up.”
Sherlock sits opposite him.
“You’re - I never knew how much I could want you. How much I could - Christ, Sherlock, I love you.”
“Mmh.” With the duvet bunched under his chin, John wiggled his shoulder, settling into the mattress and stretching a hand onto Sherlock's side. “G’night. Love you.” He sighed happily as he gave himself over to sleep.
"How much would you charge for human organs?"
“No, not - no. This isn’t pity. I’m sorry for doing that to you the night you got back, for not making it clear you wouldn't be imposing to ask for my help… for marrying her when you were
“I love you too.” His hand crept over John’s smaller one, and John turned his to lace their fingers together.
squeak,” John growled.
“Not at you, never at - and there was that case, I could never understand why you took it, you hate clients worrying about spouses and affairs, but - it was us, wasn’t it. The client needed to leave her terrible marriage to be with her lover. It was
. It’s just - love is very distracting, isn’t it?”
Sherlock assured him that it was not his fault. It was hard to swallow.
Sherlock sunk into a deeper slouch.
“I will never get laid again, Sherlock, and it is
“I never – no, John, I never had – here, or anywhere, actually – I never wanted, before you…”
He manages a polite “oh?” and John rolls his eyes.
“Yeah.”
John is not yet ready to talk about how he would raise hypothetical children, but he thinks he might be ready to address this, this thing that nestles warmly between them. He reaches down to brush his fingers over Sherlock's.
“This alright?”
"John, dear, I'm so glad you're back."
The first thing she became aware of when she woke was something tickling her temple and cheek, and she smiled. Opening her eyes she could see John nestled into her bed, reaching a hand out from under the duvet to touch her skin. Sherlock was struck by the notion that this could be her future, many mornings starting like this. She pulled John’s hand to her mouth and kissed her fingertips.
“Like you can talk!”
Sherlock looks up at him, trying on and discarding a number of expressions.
John blustered.
"Yes." It was the highest kind of compliments, from Sherlock.
His rhythm faltered, and Sherlock twisted to look at him.
Nipping at his lip, he asked, “this alright?”, and used the opportunity when Sherlock breathed a “yes” in reply to deepen the kiss. He slipped an arm around Sherlock’s waist, rested his hand at the beginning of the delightful swell of arse. Sherlock had one hand fisted in John’s jumper but brought the other behind his shoulder, pulling John closer as he inexpertly kissed back.
"W.S. for your dad, then, and G.L. for Lestrade. He’d be chuffed. And. And."
Speechless, Sherlock nodded.
Her violin. She needed to put her violin down before she dropped it.
“It’s welcome; shut up.”
“What the
“Oh, Jesus,” John mumbles. Sherlock, his hand still holding the mug of tea he is placing in front of John, looks to him. Pain is registering across John’s face.
“God, Sherlock, I thought I didn’t have a chance with you, so yeah, I was making do. But it’s you, really. You’re it, for me. No-one else comes close.”
“Very little…
The only reasonable response is to purse his lips, seal them over the point of Sherlock’s chin, and blow a raspberry. Sherlock swats at him and John, laughing, rolls back to his own side of the bed. With a little wriggling, he dozes off.
After a few minutes, John shifts himself up to rest against the arm of the seat.
Sherlock seemed subdued in the morning when John stumbled down the stairs for a shower. He was still wearing John's jumper over his pyjamas, and fondled his violin affectionately.
"Well, of course as a small child I gave him far too much credit. But it... it was really the pirate thing."
“This is hell on the knees, you know,” he murmured into Sherlock’s cheek, and felt his hands clench at his shirt.
"Don't. Just pull yourself together and I'll prepare myself."
John feels a smile creep over his face as he rests his chin on one hand.
“Oh, fuck off with the marriage counsellor stuff, Sherlock. Having a fake relationship with Janine for a month does not make you an expert.”
"You promise a cuddle?" Sherlock felt stupid having to ask, but he had to. He couldn't stop.
Sherlock sunk deeper into his coat. "No it's not," Sherlock mumbled. "I'm Sherlock Holmes. I don't get insecure."
"That's a rather broad category," John said with a joking smile. "What about me?"
Sherlock liked Rosie Watson. She enjoyed smiling and did so often, and also liked grabbing at anything accessible. Like Sherlock's hair, coat collars, shirt collars, among other things. But Sherlock didn't mind, he just smiled at the curious child and continued on with whatever he was doing.
John smiled and Sherlock kissed him because he realized that John meant everything and that he could lose him any day now and he deserves to be kissed as often as possible.
"Yes," Sherlock said, harsher than he had intended. "I'm fine."
"Like a real one, I don't care if I get hurt anymore, I just want to be with you in every way that two people who are in a romantic relationship should be together becauss if not I'm going to regret everything I didn't do just like I am now."
"That sounds nice, the weather should be decent today," Sherlock said. It was so kind it was almost robotic, like he was trying too hard to be agreeable.
Sherlock got out the tea kettle and started filling it with water. "I know you care, how come you won't let yourself be happy?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Thanks for reading! Like before I'd appreciate comments to know if I'm going in a decent direction with the story
"Oh, love, awake again? This business of not sleeping isn't very fun, is it?" Sherlock asked her gently. John couldn't help smiling.
“A-actually, love, can you? Two – two fingers, do it.”
“You’re doing marvellously. Make my ear now.”
“I thought that’s what your mind palace was for.”
"Happy birthday, Mum. Good to see you," John smiles.
"It’s for
Sherlock looks at him, uncomprehending.
“No, nothing,” he shakes his head. He pushes down his jeans and giggles again.
“Do you think you can come, like this? Can you -
John was looking at her with her brow crinkled up, and eventually circled her fingers around Sherlock’s wrist, bringing her hand the last few inches to rest against her cheek, vibrating with disbelief.
Her back arched, and jerkily she got herself propped up on her elbows. Sherlock reveled in the wetness against her face; it was smeared everywhere. John stiffened, falling still apart from her chest hitching as she gulped in air and her sex contracting around Sherlock’s fingers. When she collapsed back against the mattress, Sherlock gentled her movements, continuing to kiss her, but no longer so mercilessly. John’s gasps curled into breathless chuckles, and she caressed Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock meandered up John’s body as she combed her hair away from Sherlock’s face.
He never expected to walk in on Sherlock wanking.
John’s penis gloriously erect before - many times now. But he hadn't ever photographed John while he was hard. Swiping across the phone again, he found there were more photos - rather a lot of them. John’s hand beside his penis- an important reference for relative size. John’s hand on his penis, John’s hand gripping, rubbing. John’s face, probably trying to look ‘seductive’. John’s hand rubbing - or pressing - against the skin behind his testicles. Sherlock shifted on the bed, a glimmer of arousal warming him. Another photo of John’s face, blurred, but clearly wearing an honest expression, happy and loving. The last photo showed his penis and hand again, now shiny with ejaculate. Sherlock allowed himself a moment to process.
“Don’t be daft, John,” he bit out. “I already told you. Last night.”
“So you’ve never defiled this bed, then?” John’s eyes sparkle.
“My - terms?”
“No, you cuffed me to a bar and then told me it was
“Mm.” Sipping the coffee, Sherlock regards John. “The timing of the waves of a heat is rather fascinating. I’d like to study it further.”
“You’re cooking breakfast in bed. For me. The morning after a
“C’mere.”
He lies on his makeshift bed, letting himself be deceived by the immediate comfort, and mumbles a ‘g’night’ to Sherlock. Sherlock neither replies nor moves.
“I’m sorry, John,” he says, and it’s not enough; he’s not sure how to arrange his face so John believes him. He’s lied far too often to John, in far too many situations of his own making. “I’m sorry. But if I have to choose between your friendship and your life, I want to be mature enough to choose the right one. What’s best for you.”
Handing over the bottle of wine he is still telling himself cost half as much as it did, John murmurs thanks and sidles into the lounge room. Mycroft sits in an armchair, with a surprisingly relaxed posture and tender smile, texting. In an instant he schools his expression, but remains slouching. He barely spares John a glance, although he manages a polite greeting.
“Yes.”
“I know.”
“Mmhmm.”
"Four years."
With a dressing gown wrapped around him that doesn’t do a damn thing to hide his erection, he stomps down the stairs. In the kitchen, Sherlock sat with a bare piece of toast and a mug of coffee in front of him, while John’s side of the table boasts a glass of orange juice, muesli, a muffin, sausage, beans, eggs, bacon, a croissant with tomato and cheese, and a banana, in addition to his own toast and tea. John blinks.
"Yeah, alright, we'll say I believe you. For now."
"Yes, well, I've had all the surgery I plan on having, but -" he shook his head and began fumbling with the button, but John took his hand and pressed a kiss to the knuckles.
“Go home, you big idiot.” She said it softly, and touched his arm as she did. “Thanks for trying so hard to do the whole ‘Christmas with the family’ thing.”
This seems to get his attention. “But-”
John combs his fingers through his hair and holds his shoulders. Eventually he gets hard again, thickening on his tongue and only then does Sherlock notice his own arousal has been building steadily.
"John I love you!" he cries, and
“Go pack your bag," she says eventually.
“Of course not, I just.” His hands flex and clench on John’s hips.
Being ambushed in the shower is becoming a normal sort of surprise, and he doesn't mind the rush to get ready for work after. He runs a finger over Sherlock's lips stretched wide.
John can’t help smiling, a little. He runs his hand over Abigael’s little body again, hidden away as it is.
Sherlock frowned. “What don’t I know? I should - I want to know everything about you.”
John spends a long time the next morning touching himself, holding off as long as he can. He even works two fingertips into his arse - not deep, just another tease for his senses - but ends up coming alone, gasping and shuddering.
“John. Please.”
His own climax washed through him shortly after, almost an afterthought to their words minutes ago, and he grinned deliriously.
“Sherlock?”
“Did you experience much in the way of limited motion, while these were healing? Were-” he swallowed hard. “Were any of these deep enough to affect the muscles? How did you go about rehabilitation?”
Wrapping himself in his bath-robe and making his way down the stairs, he encountered a distinctly bacon-and-toast scent.
“Shouldn’t that be my line?”
he thinks. Abigael will need her own room at - some point. Before she goes to preschool, at least. He fumbles his way through another nappy change before they leave.
“It just sort of… happened.”
“Yeah, you know. Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, 221B Baker St. That’s how it’s meant to be, isn’t it?”
“Isn’t everybody?” He flicks back the duvet in invitation.
"Well, of course it was, don't look at me like that."
“Sorry. Sorry, Sherlock. I thought - I must have been imagining. I thought you said -” John turned away to select clothes for the day, clutching them to his chest. He was still wearing only the boxers he slept in, and clearly felt too vulnerable.
“John.”
"Redbeard The
“What?”
Eventually, though, Sherlock eased his fingers from John and binned the glove. John took a moment to think about standing upright.
The problem was, of course, that ‘tonight’ was a terribly vague term. Sherlock began staring at him incessantly even before he had made dinner. John insisted on eating, however, and refused to acknowledge him beyond telling him to take a shower. He returned with pink skin and fluffy hair, immaculately dressed once more, as John washed up.
“Oh.”
“I could… pick up where we left off,” Sherlock offered after a while, his hand on John’s hip.
With a sigh, Sherlock began rucking up his shirt, undoing a few buttons to ease the way, pulling the fabric impatiently to reveal his ribs on his left-hand side.
“You know what I think of you.”
Sherlock holds his gaze for a long moment more, his face as inscrutable as always, then turns back to his data without a word.
; stop that.”
“We could turn the upstairs bedroom into a laboratory, perhaps, or an archive,” mused Sherlock. “You’re right, I shouldn’t have bothered making you breakfast,” he continued, and John choked back a laugh. “This would be the best way to wake up.”
"Exactly. See you in an hour." He peels the car off into the traffic.
“Well. We could… I mean if you want to, I’d like to try perhaps, penetrative -” he cut himself off and took a deep breath. “Come with me to my room, and then come with me. In me?” High points of colour spread on his cheeks.
"Seven," Mycroft corrects him archly.
“I’m sorry, I just thought having boyfriends wasn’t a thing you
against you getting married.
“I can’t find any reasonable cycle to this!”
“Morning, you,” he smiled, seeing Sherlock titrating some kind of solution when he entered the kitchen.
loved
“You ready, beautiful?”
“Yeah, course.”
There had been a drawn-out moment as he slid deeper into him, when Sherlock moaned like it was being squeezed out of him and John couldn't breathe at all. When he felt the cheeks of Sherlock’s arse against his hips, he let out a ragged sigh, and it felt like Sherlock
. They get to the house he and Mary had rented. Kate peers out her front window, urges Isaac to join her in assisting John bring everything in. It’s remarkable how much
Sherlock chuckles, and John knows everything is fine.
John cracked an eye open with some effort - when had he closed them? - to glare half-heartedly.
Belatedly, John realises what he's said.
“Why the - the sighing? Are you -”
“Okay, I. Um. I’m a fair bit. Hmm. Bigger. Than Peter. So. Is that going to be… okay?”
“I thought you were getting better! Isn't that what moving up here was all about, anyway?”
When he licked and kissed and nipped at Sherlock’s arse and Sherlock pushed back into him again, impatient, John giggled and feigned biting his flank.
“No. Stop. I’m not leaving. I love you.”
“How about we what, John?”
Biting her lip, Sherlock looked away. Even with what they had just shared, she hesitated to tell John.
“No,” John corrected, adding a nip to Sherlock’s lip for emphasis. “If we do it it’s because you’re the most gorgeous bloody person I’ve ever met, and I love you, and you want to. Not because we should.”
, Mr Glare. And you hid this from me all that time, why? That’s what’s weird. I only want to help; I wouldn’t judge-”
John nodded and unbuttoned the shirt, thrilling at having Sherlock prop himself up as he was over him, touching each other only at the mouth or where John’s knuckles brushed Sherlock’s torso. When his chest was bare, Sherlock shifted.
He nodded, gathering himself and resuming the rolling thrust of his hips, pressing deep into the tight heat of Sherlock and cherishing the little noises pushed from his throat. One hand slipped around Sherlock’s body, tracing the curve of a hip on its way to curl around his cock, feeling it twitch as he caressed it and started to stroke.
"I've never heard this before," Sherlock says suddenly.
Sherlock chuckled quietly. “I beg your pardon?”
"S'nice. Sends a shiver right up my spine. I guess that's why it gets so linked to sex, you know? It's
“I’m afraid we really only have the boys’ two rooms for beds, John, and Mycroft is getting ready for bed in his room, so-”
The corpse told Sherlock as much as they always did, and John grumbled good-naturedly and kept a lookout while Sherlock broke into the victim’s boyfriend’s house.
John spent a few days sulking, and Sherlock accepted any case that came to her, to distract them both. When they discovered the wife and child of their client in a dank basement, John rushed to the injured woman while Sherlock attempted awkwardly to console the son. Catching John’s eye, she flushed when her friend smiled at her, warm and honest.
“No, and, fuck, it’s just a word, I can bloody say it. I’m bisexual.”
“I don’t-”
“Um, that seat is taken, mate.” A little warning is injected into his voice, and John hopes it will be heard.
And Sherlock is pulling them together fiercely, but his lips when they touch John’s are tender. He wants to kiss him back; he wants that more than almost anything, but he can’t stop smiling long enough to make his mouth do what he wants it to.
Petulant, Sherlock refused to answer, choosing instead to curl up beside John, resting his head gingerly on his shoulder. John played idly with his hair and the delicate skin on the shell of his ear.
“You’re sure about this,” John checked, adding more lube to them both.
“Oh, John.”
“We’re not sleepy. Sorry to bother you.”
"Saving me from creeps who think being pushy is going to make me like them."
“Stop talking and
“Possibly. I’ll want to discuss some things with you in the morning.”
risky behaviour since I returned to England, and Mycroft insisted on my being thoroughly tested then."
“Egomaniac.”
“Maybe Santa will leave a beautiful lesbian under the tree for me for being a good matchmaker."
“Then don’t.”
John grimaces and sits his own plate on his chair while he squats to stoke the fire. Sherlock’s toes press into his hip, threatening to push him off-balance. John raises an eyebrow at him, and he grins.
The french that spilled from Sherlock's lips was undoubtedly a curse.
“I like how it curls around your ears.”
"Would you even mind if I did?" comes the quiet response.
right, though. Everyone else was pretty mediocre.”
"You need to blog more, John," she berated him as they took the escalator down to the tram. "I worry about you when there's radio silence."
John knows what he is doing: the shape of his mouth says
“Well, I’m glad we can maybe be on the same page with regards to Wilkes being an abusive dick,” John said, abandoning the dishes. “But you already knew, I hope, that you like me more than you like Peter. We’re best friends, right? Of course it’s different with someone you know, than with a professional.” His throat felt tight as he forced the words out, and he stopped a few feet away from Sherlock.
"Mm?"
Finding his suitcase, he starts packing as much of his wardrobe as he can. His phone beeps again.
I don’t check my phone. 221B is my whole universe until Sherlock is finally himself again, and excuses himself to freshen up.
"I am a goddamn idiot, Sherlock," he breathes. He takes his fingers and rubs Sherlock's belly tenderly, smearing ejaculate across his skin. "I've wasted so much time."
She blinked hard for a moment, and slid her hand towards John’s knickers.
"Yes."
,” he huffs. “But - but I fell in love without meaning to. And then suddenly nothing mattered but him. Making him happy, keeping him safe. I was always too cowardly to reveal the-” he takes a heaving breath, “-the true depth of my feelings, but you keep me right, John Watson.”
"Did you want me to stop," he said to John's navel, half teasing and half terrified.
"You know about my-"
Do you mean it? Yes.
He brought in the tail, his Mending kit, and a laptop - there was no denoting 'John's' or 'Sherlock's' any more for any of their possessions, be it clean socks or laptops or bank cards. He thought for a moment and dragged over a chair.
The marks on his back told a horrific story. There seemed to be multiple sets, groups of lines of similar widths and angles, a smattering of small circular marks that didn't bear thinking about. It had been two years now: they were not going to heal any further.
’ four times before sending it.
She was sopping, and Sherlock pushed in smoothly. Hooking her fingers to press against John’s g-spot as she ate her out, it wasn’t long before John began to gasp out her orgasm, holding Sherlock’s head close. When John ground down harder against her hand and mouth, Sherlock hazarded a guess as to what she might like. Rather than stopping or pulling away to let John come down gently, she wrapped an arm around John’s thigh to hold her close and sucked harder, worked her fingers faster, and kept going as John gripped her wrist, panting.
“Leave it, Sherlock, I don’t think even you can fix this one. Anyway, one boyfriend does not a relationship expert make.”
"Boyfriend, then?"
He spends the day catching up on housework, making food and editing his next blog posts. Fretting also takes a significant portion of time. Before he goes up to bed, he sends a
me? You’re planning on moving out.”
(Sherlock pulls an arm into the blanket to try and covertly hide his erection)
“I actually
“Do you want… more?” John wondered aloud eventually. “Would you like to go again? I’ve got some more I could show you, if you like. We don’t have to, though, if you want to stop, I could - go.” He couldn’t, he was quite sure, but there was no reason to let Sherlock know that.
"Yeah, I know, but I do," John countered sharply. "I got you something because you're my best friend and that's what friends do. The boring ones, anyway."
The first press of lips is hesitant, almost disbelieving. John is, embarrassingly, still concerned about crying, although now for different reasons altogether. Sherlock places delicate kisses all over John's face, then shifts, insinuating himself in his usual manner to lie half atop John. With the television flickering light over them, John captures Sherlock's mouth with his own, glorying in Sherlock melting against him.
John slept, snoring quietly as she sprawled on Sherlock’s mattress, but Sherlock spent most of the night watching her, awed. She let herself drift, torn between curling into John’s side, soft in relaxed repose, and cataloguing her breathing rate and REM.
mostly calms him
"Why do you ever change a baby's clothes? She had soiled what she was wearing."
"John, y-
. Let me.” He undid the fly and eased the trousers down over bony hips as Sherlock pushed with clumsy fingers. “Sshh, it’s all fine.”
It’s no special occasion, but after they’ve eaten, they pour out healthy measures of their best scotch regardless. The radiators have been misbehaving since October, so their chairs inch closer to each other and the fireplace. Sherlock looks soft and radiant in the flickering light of the fire, and John coaxes him into sharing the stories of the cases he worked as he made his way back to London two years ago.
“I knew it,” he whispered.
“You should be with Mary. She’ll be having the baby soon.”
“You made a very eloquent pitch for it. I particularly liked the part where you squeaked.”
“He won’t mind us chatting. He’s not your boyfriend, so it’s not really any of his business, is it? I’ll get you a drink.”
Sherlock could almost picture John taking her by the hand and gently, devastatingly, introducing her to Sex, and wished for a second that she
“You know, I am kind of in the middle of something...”
you come, like how I know it?”
"Then why 'Sherlock'?"
“Ah, Sherlock, are you good? You feel so good.”
“221 Baker St,” Sherlock tells the cabbie, loud and clear enough for Lestrade to hear.
"Oh. Just that, um, that I'm home. So you don't, I don't know, burn the house down with me in it or wander the kitchen nude in the morning."
It's been happening regularly for some months now, often enough that Sherlock no longer bothers to explain what he's doing. (He only ever did about half the time anyway, to start with, when John asked.)
“Don’t lie to me, Sherlock. Not now.”
Smaller hands take his own; work-roughened, gentle hands. John is neither generous nor miserly about touching him, but their hands have not clasped together like this since Moriarty ruined everything.
“Nah,” breathed John. “This is good.”
“I - I can’t. I didn’t know. Or, I did, but I didn’t let myself think it.”
“On the
“Your hair is so soft.”
“I have to tell you something,” he started in a whisper. Sherlock was not in the living room, but John stood there and spoke all the same. “I should’ve told you this quite a while ago. You know you mean a lot to me, but - but I don’t think you know quite how much.”
“You good?” John checked, kissing right over her clit, too light, and licked at the sensitised skin at the crease of her legs when Sherlock’s hips tried to buck against her.
“What do you need, Sherlock?” His voice was rough.
“Well,” John hemmed, uncomfortable. “You could tell me what you think? I mean, if it’s unwelcome, you needn’t worry, it’s as good as forgotten.”
Marie does not say anything, but she does capture Will's hand in her own, and John feels the need to look away from the small secret smile they share. It's surprisingly familiar, and terrifyingly intimate.
“Abi. I’ve charted her intake of formula over the last three months. It took you almost a month to give her as much as she wanted, so the data there is spotty, but between ten and fifteen percent of the time she refused to finish her bottle. Now she wants more than recommended upwards of eighty percent of the time, and doesn’t finish a little more than fifteen. She’s on the lower side of average for height -
“Something I’m sure you’re familiar with.”
“Oh. Yeah. That distressed me too,” John said, turning to find two mugs from the cabinet. He glanced at the wall clock and pulled down a third. Sherlock would be back soon.
There was a knock on the door about ten minutes after Sherlock left. For a moment, John was tempted not to answer it. The last time he’d answered Sherlock’s door it hadn’t gone too well.
Apparently the Colonel was not so well off as he made himself seem.
For a moment, Sherlock frowned. “It will be better if you have a mobile you will use.”
Who obviously knew quite a bit
“So you think it’s… what, exactly?”
His temper wasn’t settled down just yet, and he knew better than to go back before the words he wanted to say to Sherlock were in something other than all caps with exclamation points as the only punctuation when he thought them in his mind.
It was bright, and warm, and slow.
that it was there. John didn’t know what Sherlock was feeling. That was… it was different. John had known it would be, he’d
anything."
“I can do that,” John offered, finding that he missed her when she was gone from him.
An unfamiliar chuckle shattered the feeling, and John blinked both eyes open.
John headed for that, warning, "Do
“And what was in Germany?”
The buzzer rang again.
Sherlock’s strides matched John’s as they made their way down the hill, and the tone of his emotions - broadcast constantly and openly, it seemed, now that he was aware of John as the receiver of them - shifted subtly. The relaxation remained, but the pitch seemed to shift. The contentment was… different, somehow.
Then his hand spasmed again. He sliced his palm on a shard of the mug.
John was treated to a thorough once over. His wrists, his knuckles, his arms, his face and hair - Sherlock kept his eyes closed and seemed to be scenting him. Sherlock arranged him with sharp, none-too-gentle tugs into whatever position or angle he was needed for proper going over. He did all of this from behind closed lids, as though he had some greater vision without his eyes. Sherlock’s long fingers were detached, and if touch could be considered stern then John’s mate was worse than any old schoolmaster.
But that reveling feeling was a backdrop. There was the more pressing concern of John’s well-being to deal with, and that was more important than any sort of exaltation. So he curled around his mate and he read everything on the internet he could find about soldiers and their ailments on return from active duty.
“Was Milton displeased with you for current purchases or prior ones?” Mycroft asked.
He did not feel the pinch of the needle or the flush of his skin as the drug emptied into his vein.
anything amiss with him. He wondered if Sherlock had learned to rein it in.
“Fine, I’ll use the one I have,” John said. “Let’s just go.”
“They are foreign, undoubtedly. Not that it was a hard conclusion to reach, given their equipment and use of technology. Any local organization would be tracked by the packs and prevented from getting this far.”
No, it wasn't that. It was-
“John! Breakfast!”
was the reason he’d struggled against Mummy’s good intentions and Mycroft’s casual introductions and-
“There’s too much blood,” Sherlock said, not for the first time, echoing his mate’s astute observation.
"That's more manners than I expected," Temperance said, smiling wryly at Sherlock, "given he's your mate."
“They ah… binned it, actually. Took photos, but it was pretty well stomped.”
Hell, John was starting to
Rather than correct him, Sherlock held his hand out again. “Phone.”
“You’ve been back since before I got here,” John replied. He gave up on liberating the plates and went through the drawers looking for silverware. Everything in the drawer that contained it was mismatched, but it was all clean. John liberated two forks from the mess, with spoons just in case, and headed into the sitting room.
“Look, mate,” the sergeant began, but his concerned tone fell into the background.
Before he could speak up about that, Watson’s head lifted slowly and he looked up at Sherlock.
“You’ve got to get over that three-meter thing you’ve got going on.”
“I have one,” John replied, brows furrowing at Sherlock’s retreating back.
John was there, but it was like standing by a water pipe on a hot day. The cool temperature meant that there was water on the other side of the metal, but he could die of thirst before he got through to it.
The door closed behind him and the lock snicked shut.
Sherlock sighed slightly, glancing at him with a very concerned expression on his face. “Do you not… want me anymore?”
When Sherlock tried to drive the car.
Mycroft’s particularly sensitive protective nature was oftentimes nothing short of torment.
to make me jealous?” John ground out.
“Don’t fret, John,” Sherlock said, nuzzling his neck. “I got the kettle.”
“Would you care to repeat what you said earlier?” Sherlock asked, his words half-threat instead of question.
What I
“Saturday,” she said finally.
Sherlock chided himself.
At the door to the bedroom, Sherlock paused long enough to glance at John that was laced with concern. Then he closed himself inside, either to spare John the volume or to indicate he wanted privacy to argue it out with his brother.
Numbly, John wondered why he hadn’t felt Sherlock coming. Normally he could feel Sherlock’s approach from any distance, but not this time. It was like Sherlock had snuck up on him. Then he realized that
“A disagreement,” John clarified, “an argument, if you want.”
They were through the doors before Lestrade had any chance to reply, and they were in the lift before John’s brain caught up with the tail end of the conversation. “What do you mean you’ll solve the murder tomorrow?”
“Sergeant,” John said, pulling the door open.
"Leave it," John replied, shaking his head. "Let's just go get this shit cut out of our necks."
More precisely, the glowering eye and long nose of a nosy neighbor.
“You don’t seem the sort to hit up crime scenes in alleys by your lonesome, Doctor, if you’ll forgive the presumption.”
John stooped and grabbed his vest from where it had fallen on the floor. He jerked it on, then snatched up his fatigue jacket on his way to the front door.
One of the neighbors had called in a noise disturbance, and then when a second neighbor was coming home the blood on the entryway was found. When the CSO arrived - the PCO had got there first, the man at the door said - expecting a heated domestic, she had happened upon the… situation within.
When Sherlock finally lost himself, John went with him, both of them crying out almost together.
“That you don’t mind.”
“Goin’ back in?”
His wolf-wound.
In the end, Sherlock had out-logicked the sergeant on whether or not they needed to be taken down to the station (again) to be questioned about going to a crime scene. John was surprised, but Sherlock was right. The alley wasn’t taped off, they hadn’t done anything wrong - despite the questionable dive Sherlock had taken into the skip there wasn’t anything illegal about rummaging through a bin - and they’d
Sherlock Holmes was
Horatio laughed aloud at that, turning to Sherlock. "I can see why you like this one," he announced.
John wasn't sure what he'd call Sherlock's behavior was possessive, but as soon as the plane touched down something was different about his mate. At first John attributed it to a change in himself. He felt unsteady on his feet, almost like getting off a ship after a long voyage. Then he couldn't quite explain it, but something was obviously different. Sherlock didn't cling to John the way a human lover might, but the claim was obvious in Sherlock's behavior. The tall wolf kept himself at John's side and when anyone came near he straightened up to his full height. At first John thought it was a fluke of some sort, something to keep the driver of the sleek black car at bay, but then the behavior repeated itself. Sherlock towered over the staff at the hospital, and it was as much his behavior as it was Mycroft's solid presence that seemed to keep voices respectfully lowered as they were escorted to the elevator.
decided to fight heavy machinery.”
“John, I’m alright, I-”
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at John, pale eyes bright. “It’s good to stretch my legs a bit,” he replied.
Mycroft resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Sherlock could be positively childish when discomforted. It was less than sixty hours since John had departed the estate, and already Sherlock was damaging things and preparing to crawl up the walls. Mummy had been concerned for him, her words of reassurance had failed to reach him, and so she had called on Mycroft for assistance.
John noted, despite the unsteady feeling that seemed to keep hold of him, that there was absolutely no paperwork for him to fill out. He wasn't sure if he ought to be reassured by that or concerned by it.
It was a reasonable reaction, given that the source of the information he required - the beloved source of it was John, and John was pressed into his side.
“But when-?”
“Doctor Watson?”
“Let’s just work our way backwards here, Captain.”
The doctors checked his dressings and cleaned his cuts, and he let them. The gouges ached, throbbing whenever he brushed them against anything, and though his right shoulder had faded into the usual sort of present-but-not-noticeable feeling, the left one, the wounded one, remained an agony.
Sherlock
Then, as the third blow struck him, like a light switch, Sherlock’s rage
Looking at the room now, it was obvious that Sherlock had made an exception to the scatter of his thoughts and research materials. There was one chair that had been kept clean. Looking at the room now, John was aware that it had been kept thusly entirely for John’s usage. John had not seen Sherlock sit in the chair since the mess had begun across the rest of the room, even when tea was brought up for them. Sherlock stood before the fire, or he paced the windows in his agitation. As he realized all this, John reflected poorly on his little outburst.
"Don’t be absurd. I’m not a
The fourth morning, Sherlock insisted they shower together - a plan John had no objections to, even when Sherlock pressed him into the tile and had them off again - to save time.
John held out the train receipt to the sergeant, who took them, jotting down a note on his notepad.
John blinked, confused at the entire exchange. They had just been in bed, hadn’t they? And now they were…
“She could just talk to me,” Sherlock said softly.
was what troubled John.
He withheld a groan. He certainly hadn’t anticipated dealing with
As we stand right now, dear readers, we've got seven more chapters of this one. There's a possibility of an eighth, but it's a slim one. I think I can edit in what's needed to the chapters I have. I'm also going to try and get the entire thing posted by the end of the year. I would say by Christmas, but I don't think that's going to happen. The posting schedule would be too hectic, and I do bookkeeping at work. "End of the Year" is like an even in an MMORPG. If this were The Secret World, I'd be a member of the Illuminati and there'd be an explosive charge with a timer waiting for me if I fail.
John was strong.
“Connie, lower your voice,” Horatio chided, more focused on his newspaper in that moment than his daughter, “just because Grandmother Elisabeth isn’t present doesn’t mean you may disrespect the table.”
Sherlock sagged in his grip for a moment and then shifted until he could look down at John, “Do you? You seem so angry about everything, and so calm about being separated.”
That was a bit of a shock.
The uneasy feeling came back, and John had to wonder if it was something to do with how long it had been since he'd eaten. He generally had a strong stomach.
As soon as he recognized it, the feeling of
“Are you going to be one of them shambling, talking to yourself ones that can’t but drool on yourself?”
“Which would be a marvelous exercise in wasting time. You would have to arrest the both of us, and then it would be a very tedious-”
“Any word from Charles?” Horatio asked, one eyebrow arched challengingly.
“I don’t even know who this is-”
There was a set of chairs in the hall, and Mycroft and the brown haired woman - let's be honest with ourselves here, John, the werewolf - settled down in them. Sherlock strode confidently to the door and pushed it open. John followed because his mate wasn't going anywhere that he wasn't.
“It wouldn’t matter if I did,” Sherlock replied, snapping up another piece of sausage.
The door barely latched before Sherlock had him against the wall. He was still hard from the plane ride, and John sank to his knees to rid his impatient mate of the impediment of clothing.
“I’m just,” John said, grasping for words and pointing at Sherlock. “With him. He needed to-”
A bitter part of his heart wondered why Abigail never looked at him that way.
Curious, John picked up one of the papers strewn across the kitchen table in no obvious order other than jumble, and read the frantic scrawl as best he could.
“John,” Sherlock said softly, drawing his attention up to look at the handsome face of his mate.
John wasn’t sure if that was a good sign or a bad one. He wouldn’t have given her over to Sherlock, despite the pain he was feeling she was his to deal with after all, but…
that sort of description for things. It was so imprecise that it set his teeth on edge.
Once dressed, they headed out. As during the trip from the train station to the flat, Sherlock kept in contact with John. As they waited for the train it was subtle, standing close enough so that their arms brushed against each other, and once they got on the train, Sherlock leaned into him.
“Go on then.”
he would hate that turn of events, it was worse. His
In the London that passed by outside the hack, the season was turning into one that would send many gentlemen to the country for sport, and the notion of it surprised John by turning his stomach. Thinking of the country inevitably made him think of Essex, and Harry. He could only imagine what had gone on in his absence. For one moment he felt the old, dutiful pull of the estate and those on it. He wondered about the people he knew, and how his brother had managed after the Viscount’s dashing rescue.
His little isolation room had no windows - John was pretty sure at some point it had been a confinement room, and again tried not to think of the previous purpose of this facility, it just wouldn’t end well - and the bland paint was washed into a sick looking green-gray bearing the blatant nicks and scratches of its previous inhabitants.
A weary looking Sergeant Hall was checking clipboards a few beds down. When she noticed he had woken, she came over to the bed. “How are you feeling this morning?” she asked.
John looked around.
As John headed out, his mate’s agitation faded from a present companion breathing in the same air space to just another pedestrian walking along the same path. The sensation of putting one foot after the other on the sidewalk soothed him, like the city was leeching his tension out through the concrete beneath his feet.
“Did I miss-”
Unfortunately, John also had next to no idea where the answer button was, so he was forced to find pants and the remains of his clothing from the night before and creak his way down to open the door.
The only way to find out would be to ask, and the only way to do that would be to go out. John tied off his robe and headed out to make the requested tea.
That, again, was the bitterness of comparison lacing Mycroft’s thoughts with their acidity.
Without the imperious man to butt in and defend Dr. Watson, Greg felt obliged to at least keep an ear on the goings on of his interrogation. He had, afterall, gotten the good doctor into this mess.
John paused as he reached the break in the bunks to more closely take in the struggle. The Colonel stood with his feet apart, fists raised defensively. One of the other soldiers lunged forward and was repelled by a vicious hook.
It was disorienting.
Sherlock.”
that house.
“Sorry about that,” John replied. A stray thought drifted across his mind that Sherlock had not said,
"That is not precisely what I mean," Mycroft said.
This, then, was the brother. Cool, collected and calculating. John's brain seemed to have found an awful lot of C words to describe Mycroft Holmes.
“I’m not certain that’s wise.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock.”
For a brief moment that strange expression from before flitted across Sherlock’s face, but it was gone too quickly for Mycroft to decipher it.
“It really isn’t,” John replied. He stopped undressing for a moment, able to draw on the lack of urgency from his mate’s dismissal. “You keep saying that your using the drugs wasn’t an addiction.”
Wasn’t that odd.
“How precisely did you intend to solve the murder for me?”
The therapist was at that little conference, and when he observed John’s shell-shocked reaction, he wrote John a referral to a counselor that would be covered by insurance.
his face. John was a little warm, he thought, through his sleep shirt, but Sherlock couldn’t be certain without touching him. From the weight on him, John was as fully leaned into him as he could be without dumping out the mug of tea he was holding. John's turn, his
They both chuckled at that, and Sherlock kissed him again in a just-because-I-can sort of way before releasing him. John found his footing and adjusted the fall of his jacket with a little tug, reminding himself sternly that getting off at a murder scene was just not on.
Mycroft ignored it.
“Absolutely.” He let her smile for a moment, knew she was smiling, and then said, “Now, love, I-”
“Tell that to your stomach, it’s what woke me.”
can’t go anywhere right now,” John said.
And then the change started.
John stepped around the pair of them, heading for Sherlock, only to find the solid-chested wolf stepped into his path. "And this must be Sherlock's mate!"
“Don’t be ridiculous, John, reall-”
“I was shot,” John clarified.
Sherlock pulled away from the kiss, pressing their foreheads together. “Don’t,” he rumbled, tightening the arm around his waist. “I need to feel you.”
“Mycroft?” John asked, glad for that little bit of normal as well.
Everything else went quiet, like there was nothing else to hear. The sounds of the flat, the voice of the sergeant standing behind him, it all fell away, and all John could hear was his own breathing.
Sherlock scowled, but his mouth snapped shut at the quiet request of the good doctor. Greg did his best not to stare, but couldn’t help wishing he could quiet the abrasive ex-addict similarly. Sherlock must have read that on his face, because he sneered at him and turned moodily away, crouching down to scan the pavement.
“That you’re-” she made a gesture of linking between them. “Tightly, I mean.”
The fabric felt gorgeous.
“Don’t worry about it,” Sherlock replied, tightening his grip on John’s hand in a reassuring squeeze.
John found that he liked the little girl as much as it was possible for him to like a silent, sentient being that would not engage him in conversation. He liked Anne considerably more. She was small, with dark hair and dark eyes, and petite. She was pleased to speak with John again, and when she spoke even Anthea joined in the conversation.
“Not until you tell me what she said on the phone yesterday.”
– fretting over the scattered remains of a rather brilliant series of deductions that had culminated in closing a very tricky case. No one else in the world could have solved what Sherlock had just solved in any feasible amount of time. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist and leaned his head against Sherlock’s back. It was something he had longed to do before, but hadn’t the confidence to complete. Now he could only wish it was an act done in somewhat friendlier circumstances.
And the door slammed.
“And maybe I am taking issue with something I’ve no right to, but I don’t like thinking about that possibility.”
~ * ~
“John. Phone.”
That was colder than John anticipated hearing out of Sherlock. John looked back at him, but his mate’s expression was stony and for
Horatio and Anne exchanged a look between them, and Sherlock took up his coffee cup. Obviously there was some reason they weren’t telling Connie about it - probably something to do with the death-defying escape from incarceration, or perhaps how John had been all but trussed up as a meal at the time - but John’s lips weren’t quite as sealed as the others.
It was strange saying those words to Sherlock. They were words he had spoken to others, of course, Harry a notable and continuing recipient of the request, but not his mate. Not that he hadn’t wanted to say those very words hundreds of times in that rotten little room they were locked in. Sherlock had become so incredibly important, but he hadn’t been able to ask then. And then in Wiltshire there had been so much the others expected of the two of them that John hadn’t pressed because even he felt the desire for privacy with all the attention they were getting.
“So you’re just… what? Making sure I heard statement number one?”
Sherlock seemed to have absolutely no ability to shield his feelings, though John wasn’t sure he was really trying.
Sherlock, apparently, cleaned up well.
Sherlock huffed at that, but settled down, giving John and expectant look.
"I couldn't get it up if I tried," John said, putting his arm over Sherlock's.
“We should leave,” John said as Sherlock snatched him up off the pipe-wielder with a strong grip.
“We’re still going to have to work on that proximity issue.”
“Meaning there may be more than one,” John concluded, looking between the two of them.
“Paracetemol,” John interrupted him, turning for the kitchen.
This was not the frantic passion of London, nor the desperate kisses of Russia.
Sherlock followed him, a smug smile on his lips, and flopped down in the solitary armchair in the living room.
“Let go, Sherlock,” John said in a low, dangerous voice.
Sherlock refused to admit his own agitation.
That had been Sherlock.
Strong hands went gentle, and John found himself guided in turning around. Just as they had after Germany, fingers and hands marked off the strikes that had caused each of the bruises. A punch here and Sherlock’s flat knuckles rested gently. The glancing blow to his ribs - Sherlock’s palm flat against his skin. Once each blow had been cataloged, Sherlock wrapped long arms gently around him and kissed his neck.
There wasn’t even light coming in around the door. John lay in the dark and waited as his heart slowed back into its normal rhythm and he was able to breathe again. He checked himself over and found himself with a mostly settled stomach. The fluorescent lights clicked on and started humming noisily overhead. It wasn’t quite time to be up - no one had called for them in the hallway - but it was a ‘gentle’ sort of way to nudge them towards consciousness. The lights were far too loud to sleep through.
All he knew for certain were the clinical details. There had been a gunshot, and that had hurt. John could recall the feeling of it vividly without knowing any specific manner of describing it. He though that maybe the pain had been like a fire. But then maybe the pain was delayed by the shock?
them."
“Did they?” Sherlock replied, in a tone that John thought he recognized from conversations he’d overheard between Sherlock and Mycroft. It was the tone that said Sherlock was hiding something.
“Doctor,” Sherlock corrected.
The PCO glared at the back of his head. Sherlock ignored it. John cleared his throat.
“Why are you
By the time John found the kit, the voices had gone silent in the living room.
She was always good at pointing out the moods of her Watsons. Her pronouncements about Harry often ran to the tune of how she was
“Whatever.”
Right.
Now when he heard the sergeant’s description, he remembered quaking bodies struggling with an overdose. He remembered the hopeless sigh of the seasoned nurses and the knowing looks that said, plainly,
Sherlock's arm tightened around his shoulders fractionally.
The horrible squawking that was the ringtone of John’s mobile went off again, and whatever Sherlock’s response to the tease was got lost to the growl that came out of him in reply. John sighed, softly, and turned his face into the pillow. It had to be Harriet, didn’t it? It had to be. No one else had the number.
That surprised John.
The therapist wanted to talk about what had happened to him. It might have been prompted by the way John had taken to eating less and less at mealtimes, but that could be blamed on the selection. Most of the inhabitants of the bunk room were eating light.
The sergeant hovered over his shoulder. John tried to ignore how close he was.
Sherlock didn’t preen. He was not the sort of person who did that sort of thing. He did, however, smile at his mate. He could
Sherlock’s stomach protested, but he seemed to ignore it in favor of pressing his forehead to John’s. Warm breath puffed against his cheek, and John really thought they both needed a trip to the loo to brush their teeth.
“I wish I could tell you we made a habit of studying the bonds we form with humans, John. There are some records, of course, but they may not be entirely helpful to the two of you. And there isn’t time to go into it now,” she said with an apologetic smile, “the others will be here shortly.”
He made John wary. “That’s a thing to say,” John replied, feeling a particular stab of empathy at the description that had been given to the men around them.
“I’ll find the time. You and me.”
Perhaps it was something else. Perhaps it was a delayed reaction to what had happened initially. Perhaps his nightmares had less to do with the
“Also, the blood would have painted the skip, enough to have had forensics confiscate it. As it remains, logically the only blood present is what was on it at the scene less the amount that washed off in the light rain from last night. Therefore, while the body was placed here, staged by some party or-” he tipped his head, regarding the blood splattered on the brick, “more likely
With nothing else to occupy himself, and Mike heading to teach a class, John put his hands in his pockets and headed over to the bank of elevators to make his way outside. He hit the call button, but as the doors opened a flurry of activity, a stretcher with a body and a team working on it came down the hall. John was pushed to the back of the elevator, and he stood quietly in the corner rather than interrupt. He could always just hit his floor button later.
This was
John was following along with the details, and though they were correct, once pointed out, he would not have pieced them together so seamlessly or quickly. “Brilliant,” he said, awed by the speed of it all.
Temperance gritted her teeth. “You might visit,” she said.
“You are the last of anyone that I should expect would call two in the afternoon anything like
John occupied himself with getting Harry cleaned up.
A grudging acceptance was written in Sherlock's face. He leaned off John's back, but kept his hand on the door. "Not out. It's late."
“A fact
Sherlock said viciously.
“The colonel has been put back in a private room,” Hall said. She moved closer, checking the bandages on his arms. “What happened?”
But found it was just a nosy neighbor.
"You've never been in the military," John replied, shaking his head.
“It has been improving,” John assured Sherlock, offering a smile. “With you on the case, of course it is.”
He could feel morose agitation from his mate, but this was different. This was… absence, John supposed, and it wasn’t an absence Sherlock was feeling, it was one all his own. Not as sharp as what had happened when he went to Germany - John hoped they were never that far away from each other again - but noticeable.
“So, Milton’s gotten himself killed, then?” Sherlock asked.
“It’s always dispatch,” Abbey retorted, “I’d worry you were cheating on me if I didn’t have it on good authority that you are, quite literally,
“Don’t be an over-protective git about this, Sherlock,” John said. “I’ll be here.”
Quite the…
“But you could guess,” John replied, taking a deep breath against the feelings flooding him. All his relief, all his elation had turned to feelings of betrayal, and that was the perfect fuel for his temper. Sherlock watched him closely, and as John settled into the flush of his temper, Sherlock’s expression tightened and closed up.
“I know it’s late, you know I’m pissed. You’re the one that dislikes obvious conversations.”
John sat on the cot, rolling his shoulders, and had to suppress a chuckle at the morbidity of his own thoughts, because all he could think was that
"Hope it's a good surgeon," John said, shaking his head. It was strange to think of someone else cutting into him again. After the last surgery-
“It should have been,” Elisabeth replied.
"And I'm going to... face court martial?" John asked when he finished.
“Mycroft,” John said calmly, turning to face the wolf in the kitchen doorway, “I don’t condone that kind of drug usage in anybody. Sherlock and I are currently having a spat about it, and all that happened was a bloody drug dealer came to the door.”
The third night.
Despite the towering height of the man, John could not feel any attempt at intimidation as he had with some of the other introductions. The grip of his handshake was warm, and the calculating gaze was almost relaxed. The phrasing had helped, too. Rawden Holmes had said 'our' in reference to John, rather than the constant reminder from the younger wolves that John was Sherlock's John.
“Not yet,” the sergeant said.
Coming out of the bathroom, John found Sherlock finishing putting himself together in front of a mirror that was set into the inside of one of the wardrobe doors. Any thoughts John might have had about investigating the room left his head.
in a way that he wasn’t sure he had felt before. He ignored the feeling and tucked into the file.
was the proper word for it - put a firm distance between them.
“Last I checked there was no crime committed in the flat,” Sherlock said, glancing at the couch and wrinkling his nose. “Obviously we’ll need a new sofa, but throwing out furniture-”
They came by cab, and the cabby gave them a look that clearly said,
Sherlock blinked at him, and then a broad smile spread across his lips. “You do realize you said that out loud?”
Needless to say, he wasn't exactly paying attention to his surroundings when they got off the plane and into the car. If he had been he would have known instantly that Mycroft had not taken them back to Montague Street.
John returned to it to find Sherlock with his upper lip curled in a sneer, face tilted away from Milton as though he smelled offensive in some way. Milton was slumped on the couch, head tipped to one side.
The truth that Lestrade demanded was an interesting concept. Of course Sherlock’s conclusions had been true. It was his explanations of how he had reached them that were blurred. When he’d investigated the scene he had noticed the blood was the wrong type at once, thanks to that unfortunate incident his first changing moon and Temperance’s now well-hidden thrill at being almost caught whenever possible. He could tell the blood of anything from a woodhen to a stag if pressed, and that wasn’t even counting vacations. He had, at some point in the last handful of hours, come up with a perfectly logical, perfectly
“And tea. We’re out and I’m not drinking that mint concoction.”
The teapot made it from where it sat to the tap and then the hob before the sergeant made an awkward, apologetic noise behind him.
John’s mate plucked the clothes off of him with careful fingers and stowed them in plastic bags that looked surprisingly like those the police collected evidence in. Then, when John was down to his pants in the middle of their poor living room that sported only the one arm chair, the bloody couch and the disorganized tumult of Sherlock’s filing system, John was left standing in the chill of the room.
“Bergen-Hohne, of course,” Sherlock murmured, flipping the pages of the report. His eyes darted back and forth across the page and Mycroft was almost impressed at the attention he paid them. “Of course. Scheduled for a psychiatric evaluation.” Sherlock flicked angry eyes at Mycroft. “They won’t medicate him.”
“Brainless?”
Sherlock found his mate’s image in the window. He had stepped back into the kitchen, and Sherlock was amused to hear him ask the PCO, “Tea?”
"I've arranged a room," Mycroft said, "as it seems the specialist is still en route to the facility."
That wasn’t exactly something that John wanted to think all the way through. Thankfully the tea kettle chose that moment to finish boiling and he was able to turn his attention to making the two cups of tea. He could feel that Sherlock was on his way back, the constant surge of emotion grew stronger as his focus returned. It was odd how comforting it was to know where Sherlock was.
“If I’d known I needed them, I would have brought my discharge papers.”
Then again, Sherlock could be an insufferable bastard. Lestrade could imagine a queue of people lining up to beat some sense into him without even stretching his imagination. Not to mention the older brother.
the way one sobers up from a dose of drugs. If you encounter that situation, you should contact healthcare professionals.
The line beeped again.
Not that Sherlock considered
There are brothers and sisters, and then there are pack siblings.
Harry gave him a flat look.
Sherlock, despite being his mate.
It occurred to John then to look at his hands. There were smears from the fall, with little clean spots from where he’d sloshed his coffee. His pants and jacket were dirty as well, but there was no help for it until they made it back to the house.
into his shoulder.
“Must you be so-”
Sherlock hated time.
Safety was only ever relative, afterall.
“N-nothing,” John said quickly, glad of something less sterile to focus on.
Maybe that would help ward off the dreary staleness that hung about the rest of the place.
“I told you not to open the door,” Sherlock said, rising and crossing to the window. He let out a growl. “And, it seems, I was right.”
Unlike other mess halls, the ones that echoed with the sound of knives and forks on metal trays and dishes as the meals were rushed down, loud with the joking and laughing of soldiers with their comrades, this one was near silent. Not all of the soldiers in the room looked broken, so to speak, but no one was talking.
“They had got it
There was silence for a moment, again, and Stamford sipped his coffee. John could almost see him gathering himself up again, and prepared to be left alone.
from what John had with Sherlock.
I took the process for this and applied it to a book I'm working on. I think the book's slated for ~150,000 words, and I've gotten to 126,000, so I must be doing something right. (Write? I almost typed that one, and it would have been cute but the wrong word.) Wish me luck on it.
When he woke things had stopped spinning, but from the movement of the others in the bunk room there didn’t seem to be any addition to his measure of time. Able to find that much confirmation, John clung to his awareness of time’s passing, unwilling to let go of it. If he could measure time, then he might be able to keep hold of the truth. He would not be trapped forever away from Sherlock.
are allowed to pass judgment on
“I seem to have upset you,” Gerard said, swirling the whiskey in his glass and averting his eyes. “Allow me to apologize.”
Mycroft knew he deserved this rebuke. He did not fight his way free.
The sensation of skin on skin was electrifying. John couldn’t keep his hand occupied with Sherlock’s erection because there was so much more warm skin to touch. They seemed to be of a similar mind about the subject. Sherlock’s hands stroked John’s sides, traced his neck and came up to frame his face before those marvelous lips descended to John’s throat.
Much more of this tussling would break porcelain or ceramics in the bathroom. Neither of them were light-handed when dealing with the other, and this would go on too long if it was allowed.
When Sherlock did not respond to phone calls, Mycroft was unimpressed but unworried.
Sherlock didn’t bother asking, he stared hard into John’s eyes.
“He did talk to me,” John replied, turning his head away before Sherlock’s gaze could swallow him whole, “but he didn’t say his name. And he was a right tosser, so I didn’t ask.”
Sherlock’s eyes lifted from where John was starting on his shirt front. “That’s ridiculous.”
at grief, and if there were, Sherlock appeared to be a better wreck than Mycroft ever was.
possess some manner of domestic aptitude,” Sherlock sneered.
It was a possessive rush that went along with it, one that John was coming to associate solely with his feelings about Sherlock. John didn't know exactly what made him more annoyed - angry, John, let's be honest with ourselves here - that there might be something wanting in him or that a bunch of strangers, a bunch of strange wolves thought they had some right to pass judgment on him.
"Sherlock," she replied smoothly. "And this will be your John?" As she said it she narrowed her eyes, taking him in.
Apparently, when Sherlock
His mate was beside him. His strong, wonderful, interesting, endlessly surprising mate. Sherlock wondered just how it was that whoever had captured him had managed to lay hands on someone like
Sherlock noticed, of course. He could care nothing for the pleasantries of human interaction, but Sherlock could read reactions – especially the baser ones – adeptly. At some point Sherlock seemed to have catalogued things about John, and was able to call up a comparison readily at any sign of change. So when Sherlock’s turn was a touch slower than his usual motion, John figured it must be on purpose.
The sergeant lifted both brows at John, and then looked down to check his notepad. “Right.”
Deft hands pushed his shirt up and examined his torso.
John chuckled at that. “Mass delusions of immortality,” he managed between his mirth.
The gentle touch to his shoulder turned into a gentle squeeze, and Sherlock shifted so that the warmth of his thigh was against John’s back. John didn’t bother resisting the urge to lean back against his mate, and let his eyes drift closed. He kept a careful, if trembling, grip on his tea mug.
Sherlock shoved, once, pushing his weight into his brother. Strong hands gripped Mycroft’s wrists warningly before they released. “You of all people should know better,” Sherlock grumbled, much more himself as he sank back into his chair, all the fury drained away.
Anne wore an amused expression, and Horatio was chuckling softly.
“John,” John replied.
without suffering a sharp stabbing pain in his chest - was a big one.
Sherlock’s
The best I have in reference to it is an emerging problem that we had when running wireless microphone systems inside a metropolitan area rife with cell towers at the advent of HD channels on television. (We're talking circa 2005 here.) The trouble was the following: there is a finite amount of frequency available to a standardized wireless microphone. In the US that frequency competes with radio as well as broadcast television signals. They had (probably still do) a map of the frequency and the spots on the frequency of what is viable for usage. You purchase mics with a signal in an "open" area of the frequency, and pretty much hope that the theaters and venues around you don't have the same ones. Well, and HD tv signal takes up several times a normal signal, so you're looking at less "open" frequencies. And there's no regulation on this sort of thing, so basically you have to work around it.
Honestly, this sort of carnage had never been Sherlock’s style. He’d had someone the last time that he had relations with, and though they were a bit acerbic to one another, it was nothing along the lines of a relationship that might have this kind of a row.
His mate made a broad gesture to the side of the alley with all of the blood in it. “If Milton were murdered here, the blood would be centered on the location of the body, rather than slopped across the brick and stucco across from it. There’s only so much blood in a human sized body, and the pressure required to spray it that far would be gone from cutting at veins before all this mess happened. If it were a blunt object being used to excess, it would be a different story, but the photographs showed
John didn’t offer comment because he wasn’t sure he wanted to know the information about Sherlock’s preferences second-hand from Horatio.
“What do you mean, ‘Well, Milton’?” the man parroted back at Sherlock. The man - Milton - shrugged off John’s gentle attempt to get him to sit on the couch.
Sherlock grinned at John, all wolf, and leaned back. He stretched out and pulled the robe on, and John turned to make tea. “Hope you like mint, sergeant.”
“So ready to believe him a hired doctor, despite the obvious right in front of you?” Sherlock sneered.
He couldn’t tell which was funnier, the swift change in Sherlock’s focus or the absolutely scandalized look Sherlock gave him.
“The only thing
Sherlock wrapped an arm around John’s neck and pulled him closer, kissing his lips gently. John relaxed at the contact without even thinking about it. “You, John,” Sherlock said with an unfamiliar glint in his eye. “I would never delete an instant of you.”
“Forty-five minutes,” Sherlock said. He spun, grabbed his coat, and was out the door before John could mention anything else.
“That’s enough of that,” Elisabeth said in a clipped tone.
“I’ve become quite precise with the dosage, John.”
“Biologically speaking, there is nothing absurd about that statement,” Sherlock replied primly. “Your body chemistry is receptive to mine. It’s part of mating with a wolf.”
"You've only yourself to blame, Sherlock," Mycroft said. "You never paid attention when we tried to explain it to you, and you've done your best to eschew normal socialization. It's affecting you more strongly than it would otherwise, and that's affecting John."
he wouldn’t like it.  John couldn’t know that he’d
John wished he could feel quite the same. His back was stiff from the cold, and his shoulder was aching. The sleep he’d gotten had been light and rough, filled with a sense of exhilaration and exertion that was, undoubtedly, from his mate’s activities.
He kept hold of Sherlock’s hand as they went on, glad of the little relief of his mate’s touch as they reached the end of Park Village and turned out onto Primrose Hill.
When he opened his eyes he wished he hadn’t reminded himself of that.
There were the tears stepping right over threats and into existence.
The file that had come up in the background check run at the precinct had mentioned a discharge of some sort, and Sherlock kept bandying about the word
“Shock,” Sherlock said. “Blood loss and an unknown dose of what was undoubtedly a powerful hallucinogenic cocktail of some sort. The wounds he has aren’t deep, you needn’t bother.”
the jealous aftertaste of it and put the kettle on the
John was not used to… to being tended to like that.
“This is the sort of thing you call 999 for, Sherlock,” the sergeant chided. “You can’t just… put a plaster on a bloody drug dealer and send him on his way.”
And then he felt a twinge of guilt.
A weight dropped in his stomach, the kind that would take him to his knees if it was what he thought it was, but he knew from years back that it was better to know. Whatever muck had stirred up would only be worse if he waited to find out, would only rile his temper and make him do something stupid, and wasn’t that just the way it happened? Johnny was the good son, always rushing in to try and save his sister, to stop his father, to soothe his mother.
And then Matthews was gone as quickly as he’d come in, pausing only to stoke the fire before heading back out without comment.
“If you’re not in the army anymore, Wats-”
. And instinct sent John to Sherlock just as readily as his free-will. That was an empowering feeling, knowing that he was what John turned to.
The call had come while he was amid a perusal of the results of an investigation. It was not the investigation that he had wished to be seeing the results of, but he would be one of the first to acknowledge his lack of omnipotence. He was disinclined to answer it, but the phone was presented to him by the only person he could not deny. He had answered.
He considered himself relatively free from any stress related reaction to the experience. The two of them could not be entirely similar, then, if John was experiencing a negative reaction to what they - what he had undergone. When he had been near breaking he was sustained by his lupine side, and then there had been John. Sherlock had to concede that some reaction was not unreasonable to expect from John.
Dear god, the reverse would certainly be true.
Honorable discharge,
“So,” the sergeant said, “I suppose we should get started.”
is why you’re coming to the station for questioning,” the sergeant said, frowning.
“A renewed… yeah. That’s a nice, clinical way to put it.” John squeezed his waist again and drew away, taking up his teacup. “Drink, it’ll get cold.”
Time slowed down, then. The lights came on, and there was the rushing of feet as the sergeant - Hall, John remembered - and two nurses rushed in. John still hung on to the Colonel, even as the others invalids moved away and were replaced by the appropriately over-sized orderlies. At last the doctor jabbed a sedative into the colonel, and the man jerked futilely before going limp.
The most offended noise John had ever heard came out of Sherlock at that. “My filing system is far from
“Not all human mates experience such depth of connection, John,” Elisabeth supplied.
Roller coaster this month. Sent the big computer for fixing (fan problems, sounded like a lawn mower, and your computer must never sound like a lawn mower!) and so I was stuck with only the dainty little netbook, which is not good to try and edit on. But here, dear readers! I have the big laptop back and so we get another chapter!
John shut his ears to it. He kept his eyes on the glass as he dried the tea from the floor. Then he balled up the paper towels. Then he carefully swept the glass up. Then he carried the whole sharp mess of it into the kitchen to the overwrought bin. The little pieces of action were enough to soothe him, at least in part.
"John," Sherlock growled.
A dramatic sigh issued from the living room, and then Sherlock huffed out, “Which
John gripped Sherlock’s hips, pulling them together and drawing a satisfied groan out of the both of them. “You’ll have to be a bit more convincing,” John said, leaning in to press his lips to Sherlock’s throat. “I’m liking this right here.”
Just as John had said, the sex drew from him a sense of being alive, of being awake and present in his body that had started to get chased away by the strange routine of London.
John wasn’t fond of lying, so he chose his words carefully. “Seemed to think everyone else was a bit brainless.”
The knowledge of their natural propensity towards demonstrative forms of expression did not make the experience of Sherlock’s particular flair for it any more palatable.
“We’ll have to get you to the ballroom then,” Anne said, “there’s mirrors enough in there for you to see as well as look.”
This was not unlike when Mycroft had brought his mate home to be introduced.
The examination - John thought
“The sun came through the clouds.”
“You will have to settle down,” Mycroft said, straightening his cuffs carefully. “John will be gone-”
He hated the length of it that stretched into infinity when boredom struck, he hated the endless years of loneliness as one after another of his siblings found a mate and left the shared space of their existence.
“Yet,” John agreed. A warm feeling emanated from his chest at the acknowledgment of them together in the future.
Thankfully she was too drunk to bother with much talking. The hug ended and John found his arm grasped firmly as Harry steered him out into the street. The evening was pushing on, but there was a coffee shop open. That was their destination.
It was an inaccurate line of theorizing, but not a bad start. What John did say was, “And the sergeant?”
Whatever Sherlock wanted with the skip, considering it contained ‘fresh’ rubbish instead of potentially clue-bearing rubbish, John couldn’t argue with that reminder. He moved over to the corner of the building and kept a weather eye out for any cars that might come along down the mostly empty street and question their… activities. Once again, and John was starting to think this was a thing to do with Milton in general, they were in danger of crossing the police.
A warm arm wrapped around John, and he felt a chill that he hadn’t been quite aware of before. Sherlock kissed John’s forehead and tugged on his waist. “Come to bed.”
He was given time for his arm to heal a bit. On the third day - he
The girl’s dark eyes fixed on John, and he thought he could honestly say it was the first time she had looked at him. Beside her, Sherlock blinked articulately. Horatio frowned, folding down the top of his paper, and Anne tilted her head. “I don’t think that’s what she’s-”
“Chasing after you can have that affect on me,” John allowed, pulling his shirt off before rising to work his way free of his trousers. Sherlock remained standing straight, looking a little chastised when John glanced up at him. “But there’s nowhere I’d rather be than at your side,” John said, because it was true and also because he thought it would lift Sherlock’s spirits before he fell into a sulk. Since marrying Sherlock – since
He received them readily -
“Shall we eat, then?” Sherlock’s gentle words were almost a shock. Two hands covered John’s where they had settled around his waist.
The empty hours with no response, the stretches of days that went along endlessly. Worse still, Sherlock had not even known he had needed a John. That as a concept seemed entirely alien to him, but now that John
There was a word for this sort of coupling, one that neither of them had yet spoken. John couldn’t tell if the sentiment behind that missing word was understood, if it might never be uttered, or, truly, if it
There were three trains and various stopovers for John between the base in Germany and London. Somehow traveling the distance back to London filled out the empty space that had been gaping within him.
“No need to take that tone.”
John really didn’t know how the introductions with his family were going to go.
There was silence in response. Harry’s hearing caught up a moment later, and her expression shifted to one that was unreadable in the face of the rest of John’s troubles. “Oh, Johnny,” she slurred, reaching for his hand. It was just a peek of how much alcohol she’d likely consumed, but it was enough.
“Doctor Watson?” Greg asked. “Are you alright?”
John nodded as well, content to sip the whiskey he’d been given. The age of it must be plentiful, he thought, from the taste of it.
he insisted. “See to that.”
the appropriate resistance…
The store that sold mobiles in the general vicinity was… overwhelming. John could wield a scalpel, could arrange your organs back into your torso correctly whilst dodging bullets, could suture closed a wound, and so on. He had an iron stomach in the presence of blood, decay, and the thick black smoke from an IED, but as he followed Sherlock into the tech store, the over-clean metallic scent of the shop put a bad taste in his mouth.
“If you were the one strutting around naked in front of him, I would
"Temperance Weatherby," she replied, gripping his hand.
The door opened and Matthews came in, bearing a tray. If he thought anything of his two masters’ position, he did not voice it. John straightened enough to nod when Matthews hesitated at the book laden table, and the man made short work of tidying a space for the dinner tray. He started to set out the plates, but John shook his head. “That will be fine, thank you.”
“Not you, Dotty, sorry, love, it was the wife.”
Of course Sherlock also sat with one knee bouncing enough to shake the two of them, but the closeness was nice. John could sympathize. They would be with Sherlock’s
Being a doctor and being with Sherlock.
With a roll of his eyes and a shake of his head, John turned back into the kitchen, looking for the kettle.
"Uncle, you don't understand," Aldrich insisted, shaking his head. He did not have his uncle’s towering stature, but was at least as tall as Mycroft. "Now certainly isn't the time to gather us all in one place, even for something like this."
and I am
“Known a few in your time?”
John decided he was right, and it was just a wolfy way of phrasing things. Sherlock meant well. That didn’t make it better. “It’ll round out the third day,” John said, frowning. “Just give me the phone.”
“And somehow your interests are… mud?”
John was glad for the distraction of the walk from Regent’s to Bart’s. The hospital stood just about how he’d remembered it, and Stamford ushered him inside, nodding them through the reception area and into the hospital proper.
John didn't quite understand Sherlock's antagonism with his brother, but he wasn't about to question it. Harry could be the black devil itself at turns, but she could also be sweeter than pie. No few people assumed the sweet version was the only one to find, and thus failed to understand or even allow John his own, stiff reaction to her upon casual acquaintance. They didn't bother to look any deeper than what they wanted, and over the years John had to listen to a lot of criticism about his 'unkind behavior'.
That brief glimmer, that sliver of hope struck John with the force of a bullet train, and he was saying, “Not going back this time,” before he knew his lips were moving.
“There is no
If you haven't read that story, you will understand much more of what this is based on by reading that one. I highly recommend it.
Horatio chuckled, but Temperance sputtered at the accusation. Sherlock didn't bother replying. He took John's hand and led him into the library.
Elisabeth sat at the head of the table, and when John politely asked if the house had been in the family long she launched into a discussion of ancestral lineage that was, frankly, impressive. The Holmes had been on the land for generations, and took pride in protecting it. She gave a wry smile at her sons as she concluded with, "Most of us, anyway."
John sat up, recoiling from the sting of it. He stared at the blood on his hand. It came quickly, more quickly than he thought it ought to, spilling from his palm to the floor with the pieces of the mug.
Or at least those were John’s thoughts when he was inclined to exercise his mind along the avenue of thought. Sherlock’s fingers lingered, deftly helping to soothe the stiffness in his leg, and John’s mind settled on the pleasantness of that feeling. The hum of exhaustion grew louder in his ears.
“Please,” Sherlock snorted, offering no explanation. Instead he tilted his head, looking back and forth along the walls around the dumpster. “He was hung here,” Sherlock said, gesturing to the front of the dumpster. “See that smudge? It’s blood, but there’s something else in it. Likely they haven’t tested it properly, but from the look of the scene they haven’t tested any of it properly. John, have you anything to take a sample?”
A short, barrel chested man engulfed Elisabeth in a firm hug. Beyond the display of open affection, John noticed Sherlock hovering near the doorway into the main hall.
He would never say it to his mother, but he did not appreciate having his personal trials paraded before the rest of his siblings whenever it was convenient. He drew no pleasure from being the family paradigm when it came to restraint.
What he wanted, just then, was for Sherlock to move on from having gotten him naked. But Sherlock had asked a question, and…
That said. The best way to keep track of when the next story starts is going to be to subscribe to the
Sherlock said, as though he could read John’s thoughts. “I disappointed them about that. They took her away safe and sound in the morning. She was boring. Nothing at all like you," Sherlock said reassuringly, and licked his ear. "My John," he nuzzled affectionately.
“You were gone twenty-one days. Twenty-two if you count the horrid morning in Wiltshire when you were taken.”
In defense of the
“I’ll introduce you to Mike.”
Reverse-engineering that into Dartmoor means that it's probably an area with very little cell coverage, so there's loads of open frequency to use, but any digital transmission is going to require a base station somewhere. Durga's theory is that it was a semi-remote server processing the data required for the communications.
Each of the six separate times that he verbally eviscerated his housemaster at Eton in the two years before the man was switched out.
For a moment, all Lestrade could do was stare between the two of them.
John Watson had seemed enough of a competent soldier - certainly their escape proved that much! - and was strong, strong enough that he was who the wolf had chosen, the one Sherlock had likewise accepted. If Sherlock had paid more attention to Mycroft - an idea so unlikely as to be dismissed outright - he would surely have pieced together the details he had noticed further. A soldier might be injured in a similar way, but how likely was it that-
Disregarding how Sherlock knew it was from his sister, John still had a knee-jerk avoidance reaction. He didn’t want to talk about the one he wasn’t using, but he didn’t really fancy shopping for another one. He didn’t think he liked phones, really. “Sherlock, it’s not-”
“You make me sound old when you put it that way,” John said.
leave unattended.”
"I suspected as much," John said, forcing the image from his mind. “Thanks for the warning.”
Sherlock’s jacket was off, and his shirt sleeves were pushed up haphazardly, as though he had been too jittery to roll them. His dark, curly hair was messed, as though his hands had been shoved into it repeatedly. The gesture was something John had not seen Sherlock do first hand, but he could imagine it happening during the conversation with Mycroft.
He shook his head, covering it with a sip of his coffee. “I’ve got a place to stay.”
“It will make two of us then,” Sherlock replied. “If you absolutely must be out of the flat at this hour, you could at least have picked somewhere interesting.”
“I’m going to hold you to that.”
“Not like this,” Sherlock demanded, planting a hand on the bed and pulling up and out of the kiss. He made no move to stop John’s hand, though.
A hot, strong smelling cup of coffee was placed in front of him. “Cream, no sugar,” Harry announced with a bit of a slur.
“In the interest of expedience,” Sherlock said, settling close up against John’s back, fitting them together as he stroked the hardening length of John, “I’ll explain why.”
“The tension?” John asked.
The sergeant nodded, grimacing as he swallowed a mouthful of tea, and cleared his throat a little. “I need you both for questioning.”
Whether it was the tone of voice John had used or the low growl from Sherlock that punctuated it, John couldn’t tell. The growl had started right after his barked command, and Milton stumbled his way onto the couch obediently.
It was so unlikely that Sherlock would reply to a phone call that Mycroft could not even say why he had bothered calling at all.
"It's bit late for arguments, Aldrich. I simply won't hear them," the older of the two said as the two of them came into the library, shrugging coats off that the butler took from them.
pants. The brush of his fingers drew a growl out of Sherlock, and the feel of it in the kiss sent a thrill rushing through John.
“Both?” the sergeant said as much as asked. “It’s rather obvious that the former isn’t true and… then the latter…”
John could only dimly feel Sherlock’s agitation. He chuckled softly, humorlessly. Mycroft was certainly good at pushing his mate’s buttons.
Grasping the sheets, John complied, losing himself in the pleasure of it, the pleasure of Sherlock's talented fingers and loving touch. A hand moved to help him along, stroking him through the tide of his pleasure, and John whimpered as it subsided and over-sensitive flesh was kept trapped in that sure grip.
Once he was clear of the bedroom, John shut the door behind himself. It seemed like a strangely serious thing to do for some reason, but John couldn’t manage this with his mate’s interruptions. More than that, he couldn’t talk to this Clara person with Sherlock’s knowing gaze on him. There was just… too much to handle.  “Sorry about that, Clara.”
John protested that statement. Despite whatever annoyed, jealous reactions he had to the sergeant, the man hadn’t done anything overly wrong or threatening, and that… that was a bit much. Lestrade made an angry noise. Sherlock gave John’s shoulder a firm push through the door, and called behind them, “I’ll solve the murder for you at two.”
John was blotting one of the cushions when Sherlock said, “You two don’t get on.”
Sherlock made a contemplative noise. “For the wounds he has, it stands to reason that it’s not all his.”
“Oh. Of course. At which point would those visits cease to involve ‘convenient’ dinners with your single coworkers?”
“Gosforth.”
Mycroft remained silent. Generally, he had seemed respectful of John, though somehow concerned about what had happened. More than that, Myrcoft had been the agent of their escape, and for that John was disinclined to think ill of him. Disinclined wasn't decided, though. Something about the quality of Mycroft's silence indicated judgment of John's statement.
Watson turned back to Greg and went on as though Sherlock hadn’t just thrown a two-year-old’s hissy fit. “I’m not sure what singled me out, Sergeant,” he said, and appeared to be saying honestly, though the more familiar ‘Lestrade’ was gone in favor of his rank again. “I’ve never seen them before and I’m not in the habit of picking fights. Not while I’m sober, at least.”
"Ol’ Myc says you're
This was like…
John went about making two cups of tea the terribly old fashioned way. There still hadn’t been a moment to replace the castrated kettle, but he had managed to find a relatively unharmed tea pot. “It’ll take a minute,” he called out to Mycroft.
“I’ve been doing my job,” Lestrade replied, standing up and stretching.
“What are you going to do?”
the flat was a wreck. The door to the left must be to the kitchen, if the tile was any indication, and the one on the far side of the room had to be the bedroom he’d just stormed out of.
(See the end of the chapter for
The brightly lit white room swam in front of him, and John forced himself to breathe as the space stretched dangerously tall, like it was trying to make Sherlock look short.
It took some doing, but John packed Harry into a cab, and then looked for one of his own - just as he realized he didn't actually know Sherlock's address on Montague street.
The loss of his kiss was enough to draw a growl out of John. “Then get out of those bloody things,” he demanded.
It was something to do with… dirt. The entire page was filled with notations about the soil quality in various parts of the city, with something that on quick inspection appeared to be a shorthand reference notation. John had never seen anything like it.
"Growing up in a pack is not quite like growing up in a human family," Elisabeth said, looking out over the garden. "There were six of us, before the children. My husband's sister and her mate, and my brother and his. Mycroft was the first of the children, and he wore it with pride. Then Aldrich, Marianne, Georgiana, Temperance, Horatio, and little Sherlock."
than Sherlock, that is.
All the silence was starting to get to John.
It wasn’t something he could put off forever, though.
John returns to London.
- which was becoming a trend in John’s life that he could really do without. That edged him right back in favor of explosion over break down. The two sensations remained about neck and neck in the race for John’s final reaction. Rather than focus on it, he’d gone about defusing himself with the cunning application of tea.
That want was dampened, however, by something. John was fairly certain Sherlock’s intellect was out-thinking his wolf. “We are speaking different languages,” John said.
about this?”
“The plasters were John’s idea.”
Sherlock’s answer to John’s demanding question was succinct, but unhelpful. He catalogued all the things he’d heard during the call, the traffic behind her, the tone of her voice, the wind picked up by the cheaper phone she was using than the one she’d given away. All Sherlock could conclude was that she was in a public place, likely in open air as there had been no reflections of sound to alter the admittedly tinny reception of the call. He explained all this while John dressed, and ended with asking, “Skipping the shower, then?”
“Inside,” John said, feeling exposed with the force of Sherlock’s gaze boring into him.
“No, no,” John said. “It was months ago.”
He wasn’t in the flat anymore, he was in that strange hallway in that country manor that he kept dreaming about. There was blood on the tile. John closed his eyes, pressing them together. He had never been in that house, he did not know that house, there was no way he was
John held up a hand. “If it’s all the same, I’d rather not have you repeat to me what Sherlock deduced this morning. It’s not why you came, anyway. We could start with that.”
when he was paid and told to leave them behind.
“With my life.”
“Rinse it off and let’s go.”
It was not Greg that questioned them. Dr. Watson ended up settled opposite a detective that had very little left of whatever human qualities he had once had. Greg was aware of the man, and hated him. There was something hard and cold about the man that just rubbed Greg the wrong way. Yes, the detective was generally dealing with suspects to crimes that shouldn’t draw out the warm and sympathetic in any investigator, but the icy facade didn’t end when the suspects went away, it lurked there, deadening the man’s eyes. Sherlock could consume a small battalion of that type of gruff detective for breakfast. Greg didn’t know about Dr. Watson.
The music stopped, and Sherlock sighed. “Whatever for.”
here last night?”
He stared at it until a pale hand covered the phone, and he looked up and Sherlock was there. The unreadable expression was still on his face.
his own on those occasions.
retreated, and he couldn’t feel anything wrong anymore.
“Sherlock, I need those,” John protested.
“Pipe to the shoulders,” Watson replied. “I bet the bruise is set in if you want to see.”
They would probably never know what it was that set Sherlock off.
“This is setting a dangerous precedent of indulgence, John,” Sherlock huffed, turning to the window.
“I…” Lestrade found himself at a loss. He was unsure what to make of this unassuming man - some medical training, or at least a good Google-search on his phone - that had been waiting beside Sherlock.
Rather than keep the door open so the entire building could hear the shouting, John shut the door behind the man. It was then that John noticed the man was bleeding from more than just his nose.
Sherlock chose that moment to lick his neck, and John surrendered to the feeling of it, sagging in his grip and angling himself for best consumption. Sherlock grinned triumphantly against his neck, and Mycroft rustled his paper in annoyance.
Maybe, he thought, it was just a werewolf thing and it had nothing to do with their normal personalities.
“What’s it to you where I’ve been this morning,” John replied. “Unless you’re in need of a kettle?”
“Who are you?” Milton demanded, jabbing a finger roughly in John’s direction and swaying on his feet.
left John boneless and pliant afterward when Sherlock arranged the two of them in bed.
“Soon, brother,” Mycroft assured him.
take long. The footsteps were quiet, even as they moved briskly across the park. John left his eyes closed and stretched his arms out on the back of the park bench.
The first blow of retaliation landed, and John’s jaw hurt terribly, but there was no crack of breaking bone. John could feel the fist connect with his face, but the experience of it was muffled, drown out by Sherlock.
John withheld the urge to sigh and roll his eyes. He could feel Sherlock trembling, just out of arm’s reach, and he knew that was restraint that had him quivering like that. “Sherlock,” he said.
John found he did not like being the cause of Sherlock taking drugs. It hadn’t been intentional, of course, but it was still true. As things were, John couldn’t go on being angry about it. He wondered how it had felt, absently. Sherlock transmitted his feelings seemingly all the time that he was aware of them, like a beacon in the darkness. He was present, when they were together, when they were apart, and John’s chest tightened at the thought of Sherlock changing or… or being different.
In the last three or four days not a single person had used the buzzer to the flat. Mycroft just appeared, in that unsettling way that John was coming to associate with him, and Milton had been banging at the door. So whoever it was had to be some degree of stranger.
“It’s fine,” Lestrade replied, sounding more awkward than he looked, if that was possible.
Also, if we're terribly unfortunately unedited, I will look back at it tomorrow. Please let me know if there are any glaring spelling/grammar errors in this.
going to have to work on how not to be followed.”
“Right,” John said. “So now-?”
It would be improper to say that this was the first of his brother’s black days that Mycroft had stood the brunt of. Mycroft thought he had weathered them well, in the past. He was accustomed to the violent tantrums and the self-abandoning drug usage. Sherlock was many things, and in his dark moods he proved to be many more than at other times, but there was always a struggle to Sherlock, a chaotic whirlwind of life even when he was upset or despondent.
Once they were free of the crowds of the station, Harry slurred out his name and stumbled into a hug, and John held his breath and offered her a hug back.
“And how did you figure all this out?” John asked. He tipped his head, one brow lifting in query.
Oh, to feel alive.
“Yesterday,” the sergeant said.
There was a bit of jostling as Sherlock herded John into the house. Elisabeth sent away the butler without asking for tea - though it was the hour for it, and John thought they might all be better off with a good cuppa - and the three of them closed up in the private study off the library.
Sleep had cleared up some of John’s earlier confusion. He was still annoyed with Sherlock, but mostly he was just glad to have him back.
Plus, for all that he was mated to one, he knew very little about the social behavior of werewolves.
Though
It was already ten o’clock when he finished the stack of paperwork on his desk. He was just putting a call in to Abigail to let her know he would be heading home, had just said hello when his mobile beeped softly with an incoming call. A part of him really wanted to ignore it. He’d been on since seven that morning, and all he wanted was a warm meal and a warm wife and a warm bed in some order.
Mycroft’s face gave away nothing that John could see, but Sherlock’s answering grin was almost manic.
“If you’re sure,” Greg said, aware that whatever had just passed between the two of them might be coercion, in some light.
you answer.”
It was one thing for Mycroft to challenge him in Dresden, or for Temperance to be nosy, or for Aldrich to be defensive, but this was Sherlock. This was his mate. His mate who glossed over the important parts when they had time without surveillance to discuss that sort of thing, and who seemed to forget that John was
“If you wouldn’t mind, Mister Watson.”
“Which means, in shorthand,” Horatio added helpfully, “that he likes the place there better. It’s one of the few things he prefers outside of his London.”
He politely ignored Sherlock’s articulate eye-roll.
- again took on their names.
Suddenly the number of couches in the library made sense. As the rest of Sherlock’s pack began to fill the room, it became obvious that the seating was by no means in excess. The number of wolves around ought to have been strange, but John didn’t quite find it so. He kept - or was kept, he couldn’t tell whether he was doing it or Sherlock himself - at Sherlock’s side on the couch with Temperance. Temperance seemed more relaxed, now, but there was little that John found he could add to the conversation the siblings were having. It mostly involved the absent children.
The trouble was that knowing he couldn’t go on being angry about it was not the same as actually not being angry about it. Deciding not to be angry was all well and good, except that John’s temper was ticked permanently toward ON when it came to this sort of thing. He couldn’t just shut it off, and for the brain on him, Sherlock just wasn’t getting what John meant about it. They needed a reset.
- the clench lessened in his gut. The weight of exhaustion faded enough that John could feel the weight of himself. All those unnamed hurts -
“Amino-” the sergeant stopped. “What chemical is that?”
Just that was enough to obliterate the annoyance, and all the talk fell away and John felt the same need that he had after their argument.
Elisabeth cleared her throat, and when they all turned to her she gestured towards the library again, "Tea. If the four of you can manage not to squabble entirely over John's attention."
Sherlock shifted. He loosened his hold on John enough that John could get up and go about cleaning up. Despite his wish to have the device out of his neck, John wanted to stay in bed with Sherlock more than he wanted to get clean.
The conversation at the table was… oddly strategic, John thought. Rawden was absent from his seat, but Elisabeth presided over them from her end of the table.
“Where is she?”
For a minute, Watson was silent, looking again at the smashed box of the kettle as though it might somehow make his decision for him. Sherlock made a noise that sounded suspiciously like a whine, and Watson lifted his eyes to the thin man. Only then did he say, “I’d like to go home, thanks.”
“Get dressed,” John grunted at his mate.
The orderly came back, and John was escorted through the hall, passing only a nurse of some sort along the way, and shown to his room. He couldn’t really tell if it was day or night. He figured it was afternoon, probably, and the orderly confirmed it by telling him that food would be brought by once he was settled, and asked if he had a preference of reading material.
Watson took the container and poured enough into his coffee to suit his taste. “Grisly?”
John’s eyes shifted over to look at his mate, leaned beside the fireplace as far away from John as the living room would allow. It was edging him towards break down rather than explosion.
John reached his hand forward, placing it on Sherlock’s back.
“I can’t question either of you here,” Lestrade said, shaking his head as the paramedics got Milton from the couch to a stretcher and made their way out.
John tugged at Sherlock’s dressing gown, still folded between them, and those nimble fingers tugged it away between them. John leaned forward into his mate. He could feel Sherlock’s erection twitch beneath him, and his own answered.
“It’s a relationship, there’s give and take.” John sighed.
Being told he ‘no longer suited the military’ was a harsh message to absorb. He was reminded, dully, of his concern of depriving the Colonel of what the army could mean. John had to admit that the army had come to mean all of that very intimately to him, before he ever knew he needed a Sherlock.
Still, Greg
“I’m here,” a deep voice rumbled against his ear.
passed. His days seemed to be quite full, now that he was back, fuller than expected.
And on it went, like that. Greg stayed propped up against the wall by the door while Detective Spoon worked out his frustrations on the seemingly unflappable Dr. Watson, ignoring the paperwork he wasn’t getting done to stand there. Someone needed to, he thought, and he was the only man for the job. Once it sounded like things were wrapping up, Greg retreated so that Detective Spoon wouldn’t have a reason to confront him about anything.
“Excuse me, what?”
“No,” John admitted.
Finished with his questions, Dr. Watson was released. He looked like he had a headache, at least to Greg, a sight worse than the harassed look he’d been wearing when Sherlock pulled that stunt this morning with the nudity.
They alighted the cab at the flat.
“And before that?” the therapist asked, flipping a few pages in John’s file. He seemed frustrated by something, as though John was not being as forthcoming as he ought to be. “It says here you were wounded in Afghanistan, originally. Gunshot wound with some animal scarring. What happened?”
“You came out of Holmes’ flat,” the man’s gruff voice huffed into the hallway.
“Not likely,” the man replied with another snort.
“Probably wanted to question one of us.”
“Yeah,” Watson replied, warily.
Charles's shoulders tensed, and Temperance pressed her lips together, narrowing her eyes at her pack mates. The pair of them seemed almost ready to launch themselves at Sherlock and Horatio.
“What more have you found out?” Sherlock asked, swiveling back to face his brother.
The flat was a worse wreck than normal. He could recall the flurry of activity that had been their packing for Wiltshire, made late enough by the pleasant distraction of naked bodies that there were articles of clothing interspersed through the general clutter of Sherlock’s filing system. And now the couch was bloody. John knew he should pick up the clothes, but with the door to the bedroom shut there was nowhere to put them away. That left the couch. He didn’t want to get started on that and then have to stop.
A twitch in response, then a yank, and Sherlock attempted to rear up in protest. Mycroft expected it, so he was able to ignore it. Sherlock managed to pull his head up enough to get a gasp of air before Mycroft pressed his advantage. Twisting his fingers in his brother’s hair, Mycroft pushed Sherlock’s face back down into the water.
“I’m very observant,” Sherlock said. He swung his legs off the arm of the chair. “You need a charger,” he said as he stood. “Let’s-”
been questioned about what had happened there.
“Well it’s not as if you have any choice in the matter,” he said, and then pushed himself up out of the chair and headed across the room to one of the bookshelves.
Anne chuckled in response. “That’s true,” she allowed, “but it seems different, when you watch them.”
Apparently I was mistaken.
Watson went still at the sight of blood, Greg was confused. He’d heard of nurses who couldn’t handle blood, but doctors generally had to be made of tougher stuff. And the man was, seemingly, an actual doctor and not one of those overly-academic types that liked to swan around getting overpaid for simple tasks. Watson had spoken like one to the emergency medical technicians when they arrived for Milton, and from the file that had been pulled when he and Sherlock had been questioned, the man was a real MD.
Of course, following that analogy, John was the fog. It might be considered a failure of John to
Sherlock huffed, shifting the two of them so he could stretch out beside John. Level with his mate, John found that even if they were fighting, it still felt nice to have Sherlock up against him.
They were not so dissimilar.
“Sherlock,” the sergeant said in a warning tone. “You can answer these questions, here, now, or you
Sherlock departed with an annoyed nod, and John was left with the task of the shopping.
Somewhere during the tour of Bart’s, which had changed some, and filled with a fresh wave of ‘bright, young things’, Stamford had once again become Mike in John’s mind. He had always been an affable man, easy to get along with and unobtrusive. John found he was just as easy in his presence as he had been staying up all hours and studying their texts before exams. Mike was a soothing presence, but there was something itching at the back of his mind, something that John had come to associate with
“What’s that?”
“What - John, what is it?”
,” Sherlock gasps when he gets a chance.
“Yeah,” he nodded, grimacing. "It’s not like that now. I didn't have anything to say then. Now I've got no time because we're so busy. It's good." He glanced at her. "Really. It’s good."
“A moment, John.” His voice was cracked, and John searched his face with concern.
Sherlock means to walk away, but he takes two paces and suddenly he is an arm’s length away.
“What time is it?”
“Madwoman,” she said affectionately, pressing a firm kiss to her jaw and taking her hand. “Come on.”
"I want to lick you
"I thought you... hnn. I thought you were leaving, when I said that."
"Good. Now, I'd rather not ruffle any feathers until the end, so we'll continue the ruse of being married."
“You can’t deduce it?” She flexed her fingers and grabbed for their bottle of whisky. Sherlock watched her, guessing at the amount of alcohol left in the bottle, and chose not to comment on it.
“You don’t have to,” John assured her, but the roll of her hips against Sherlock’s bony frame was answer enough. She knelt back, allowing Sherlock to sit up and press a kiss to the ruined skin around John’s shoulder.
“Would you like me to do this for you,” John asked, chest heaving. “We could do it with mouths, or hands, or, or even just rubbing on each oth-”
meet someone while you’re off being dead swanning around God-knows-where chasing henchmen, you strut back in with your - your eyelashes and your collarbones and now he says he
As he leans up to Sherlock’s face, his eyes slip closed. Their lips brush together, but almost immediately Sherlock begins speaking, puffs of air against John’s skin.
"Try."
When he felt his orgasm start to approach, a fantastical notion of coming inside Sherlock - of coming bare inside him, pushing anything that leaked out back inside with a finger - overtook him, and though he tried to stave it off he was lost, grinding hard into him with a bitten-off sound. Whether it would have been a warning or an apology, John wasn’t even sure, although he feared it could have been a confession.
“Y-yeah? It’s, I mean, it’s pretty sensitive. And. Well. Provocative.” Oh God, he was blushing.
“You too.”
Still hesitant, Sherlock nodded and turned away. Keeping sure to limit his touch to bare professionalism, John treated the wound and dabbed cream over it. He did also take the time to visually examine Sherlock’s back - he’d been given the opportunity, after all, and it would be stupid to waste it.
sake, Sherlock, this isn’t funny; let me out!”
"Yeah, obviously. Why?"
“You think I’m nice,” Sherlock scoffs.
“I -” She could feel her cheeks warming. “I wasn’t going to dignify the other thing with a response. Please don’t move out.”
“So you made everything?”
“Mm.”
John softens his mouth and lets Sherlock’s finger press inside. He sucks hard against Sherlock’s flesh and writhes his tongue against it. Feeling him twitch and growl deep within his chest is extremely satisfying. Eventually Sherlock pulls his hand back, his eyes bright.
"But... I can't imagine you ever choosing to use something Mycroft gave you."
In reply,  Sherlock tips his hips up to catch John’s attention. True to his word, his little cock is swollen and red, demanding. John covers it with his mouth, pressing his tongue down against the flesh. Sherlock bucks, and John laughs until Sherlock pulls his hips down to lick into him. He flicks his tongue against the head of his cock as best he can while his mind is spinning away.
John was unable to make good on her promise, as Greg texted while they ate breakfast. She read the message, frowned, and spun the phone across the table to Sherlock.
“I will
"Mmh. Then I want to lick you."
that you know that I’m going, where I’m going, how long I’ll be gone.”
"No, that was Sherlock."
As it's Mum's birthday, Will has cooked, and a simple but delicious-smelling selection of plates and dishes weigh down the table. John finds himself sitting opposite Mycroft, who is, as it turns out, rather personable. His leg is going to be bruised from Sherlock jabbing him under the table whenever he speaks to Mycroft, but on the whole he can't say he minds overmuch, because Sherlock is actually eating.
"Of course."
"I don't particularly want to have sex," Sherlock admitted.
“Please.”
“Sherlock?”
“Well…”
“Eyelash,” he explains.
sex - you are better.”
through a patch of hair. On his second pass, he barely remembers to excuse himself with an “ah, didn’t get it.” Then he drags his hand away, berating himself for not starting with something easier to resist.
