Officer Gregson cuffs Sherlock and two other men, and he and a female officer, whom Sherlock hasn’t seen before, leads them out of the cell, down a long hallway, and into an elevator. They get off on the fourth floor. The other two men have clearly done this before, and they walk along like zombies, with their eyes on the ground. Sherlock, on the other hand, is looking around, taking in every detail of his surroundings. Men and women in suits congregate in small groups. Young women carrying clipboards and paperwork zip past, and uniformed officers are stationed at several spots along the way. He guesses that this must be the County Courthouse. He’d been here a few times after his dad had been arrested for drunk driving, so he knows what a courtroom looks like. There would be a judge on the bench in the center, seating for attorneys and other court employees, and a viewing room, separated from the courtroom by glass, for spectators.
She was sobbing. “He’s dead. Enrico’s dead.”
“That will be dealt with. Both the drinking and the lying. But for now you are cut off.” John growls this while nuzzling Sherlock’s neck and grinding his hips into his thigh. “I’ll be asking you for consent later and I want you to have a clear head.”
MH:       :)
He almost walks right into Sebastian, who is standing in his path. Sherlock freezes, then takes a step backward.
MH:  *thumbs-up and kiss emojis*
********
“I’ve got a few more stops to make, d’you want to come?”
“So I’d be reminded all night what we did and that I belong to you, Sir?”
“Gosh, no. We’re just trying to get the full picture,” Lestrade said.
Back in his own flat, he hurriedly tossed clothes and toiletries into his suitcase. It was only April, but the conference brochure advertised a heated rooftop pool at the hotel. He hadn’t worn swimming trunks in ages, but he was sure he had a pair somewhere. He went to his tiny wardrobe, thinking it was far too small for both his and Mary’s clothes. He was clearly justified at keeping this place just for him. At least that’s what he told himself.
John stared at the photo and at Will’s slender body. He remembered thinking that the younger boy should have been awkward with those long skinny limbs, but he wasn’t. He moved with the grace of a cat and with the same economy of motion. He hadn’t been inclined to join in the camp activities unless forced, but when he did, he was good. Good at art, good at archery, good at swimming, even as he complained of hating all of them. If John hadn’t been so enamoured by him, he would have been jealous. Instead, they had become fast friends. And then more. Much more.
And this time, Will kissed
wants the heroin. He can practically hear it calling to him. He wants to float, and drift, and forget everything. It makes him think of that clown in the Stephen King movie, looking out from the storm drain.
“Mmm, you’ll like it. You deserve it. You were the hero tonight, Sherlock, and I’m proud of you.”
in the very depths of his soul that Sherlock was telling him the truth. Sherlock was a master of deceit and manipulation, but at that moment, looking at Sherlock’s stricken face and in those amazing verdigris eyes, John just knew, and his anger ebbed, replaced by something just as raw. "I'm still angry," he said.
Stamford, who was just about to take a bite of his sandwich, stopped and stared at it suspiciously. “Ya really think it’s poisoned?”
“Because I broke the rules, Sir.”
Sherlock takes stock of his condition and stands up to try and fill the container himself this time and sways so alarmingly that Wig jumps to his feet and grabs his elbow, narrowly keeping Sherlock from falling.
Sherlock nods, knowing he’s got the biggest grin on his face, but not caring. Driving the car is exhilarating. It makes him feel carefree and powerful, and it’s fun seeing the other drivers look at them with appreciation. He steals a glance sideways at John who has his arm draped over the door, and his head tilted back, the sun glinting off his aviators. For what seems like the thousandth time, his breath catches as he thinks how handsome and downright sexy his boyfriend is. As much fun as he’s having right now, he can’t help but think about later, of being kissed, of being caressed, of being
John stared at the picture, stunned. It was a faded photo of two teenage boys on a dock, one muscular and blonde, and the other one thin as a rail with a riot of black curls. They were smiling, and the slender boy had his arm around the blonde’s shoulders. A little girl with dark hair sat on the dock with her feet in the water. A wooden sign in the background said, “Camp Kanawha,” and written in the white space beneath the photo were the words, “Will and Johnny 1978.”
“He won’t! He said he wouldn’t!” Sherlock jerks his hand away and, conscious that he spoke far too loudly, glances around, just in time to see Jim approach, carrying a tray.
Sherlock shrugged. “I eat on campus most of the time. And I was travelling so…John, this is all so unexpected.”
A hand brushes his forehead. “Sherlock, it’s John.”
“And Rule number seven?”
“Don’t worry about the money right now. I’ve got loads, and I can’t think of a better way to invest it.”
He laughs back and then asks, “Is that a contradiction or an oxymoron? I don’t do English.”
“What happened to her was wrong, and you knew that. That’s why you did what you did. She didn’t consent and that’s always wrong. Actually, it’s criminal. What we do is only what you’ve agreed to and I will always stop if you change your mind. I want to make very sure that you know that.”
John bustles around, wiping Sherlock down and removing the dried wax, which hurts a little where he has body hair. “Now you know why I oiled you up; wax is a bitch to get off without it.” He changes the pillows, then covers Sherlock with a sheet and blanket before slipping into bed. Sherlock turns away from him, but John doesn’t allow it, tugging him back over and cupping his face between his hands. “It’s OK, love, really. I’m not angry. Not at all. And you’ll get better at it, I promise.” He tilts Sherlock’s head up and kisses him gently on the mouth. “OK?” He kisses him again. “Hmm?” Another kiss. “Huh?” Sherlock laughs finally and kisses him back. John ruffles his hair and they fall asleep snuggled close together.
“You have my permission, now, sweet boy, whenever you’re ready, you come for me. You keep watching me, but let it take you, let me see you let go.”
“John, I know you're angry.”
He’s angry about the betrayal, but she looks so pitiful that the feeling quickly fades. After all, she came here to help him. He thinks of his call to Myc; John, showing up at court, and he gives her a small smile and opens his arms. “I forgive you. Come here.” As they hug again, she whispers, “He’s not my boyfriend, and I didn’t sleep with him.”
“Wiggy helped Sherlock clear his name, and he was just the best to him in that awful jail. He protected him,” Molly says.
“Yeah, I’m sure he does, calls me a faggot, I’ll bet.”
“OK, sure. I really need to go now. I have to visit the Hoopers too.”
“Ten minutes? I’m OK, I’ll be OK.
Sherlock turns around and, spraying banana all over John, says, “Yes, yes, stop punching me!”
What Sherlock was experiencing may be what is referred to in this article as "X-drop", a Sub Drop that occurs days after the experience.
“I finished the letters.”
Pete starts spinning in a circle, looking up at the ceiling, yelling. “Hey! You! Whoever you are! Listen up! You heard me? I’m out. No more junk. I quit. And I’m telling the kid to get out!”
Sherlock ate the food with relish, and John had to tell him to slow down, lest he vomit and waste it. He had made a good dent in the small pile when he looked up, a berry halfway to his lips.
“Hi, Myc.”
Sherlock looks offended and John says, “We’re working on it. You should have seen him a month ago. How much have you gained now, Sherlock?”
A full moon emerged from behind the clouds in the sky over Lake George. The July air was still and heavy, and the lingering smell of the extinguished campfire two hundred yards away mixed with the smoke from the joint that seventeen-year-old Johnny Watson held between his thumb and forefinger. Long grass tickled his bare arms and legs as he lay there, watching the night sky and listening to the frogs and crickets perform their nighttime symphony. Sixteen-year-old Will Andrews lay beside him.
“You should have come to me. There is always a way, Sherlock. Always. Use that big brain of yours. You have the raw materials. What you lack is discipline. I think you only put effort into things that excite you, and that’s natural, but you need to look at the bigger picture, the end game, and realize that to get there you’re going to have to do things you don’t like. And I’m telling you that you are coming to graduation because I’ll be the one handing you your diploma and the scholarship, and I know you wouldn’t want to disappoint me.”
There was no trail, but the underbrush was minimal because of the dense tree cover, making it easier to make their way. John, usually a quick walker, was finding it frustrating to go so slow. But Sherlock was breathing hard and obviously hurting, although he didn’t complain.
“Which rules?”
The man browses, and Sherlock continues to pretend to be engrossed in chemistry. This guy is hot, and Sherlock can't help but let his thoughts wander as the man continues to handle the crops.
John gives him a swat on the ass. “You colonists. No respect for tradition. Just make sure you follow the recipe exactly.”
He can’t help it as tears start to well in his eyes. So much has happened to him in the last few days. Terrible things, and now this wonderful thing, and it is just too much. His breath hitches in his chest as he tries to respond, but nothing comes out but a squeaky sob.
JW:    Bottle
“Oh, shit,” Wiggy mumbles behind him.
“I love you,” John says.
“Did you read them?” Sherlock asks in alarm, not sure how John would like him calling Myc an asshole.
“Probably not, but he said he’d call me a cab.”
Martin holds out his hand, and John helps pull him back to his feet. Mr. Greenfield is behind Sherlock now, pulling in the sides of the jacket and holding them between his fingers.
Finally, with a barely concealed smirk, John says, “You have five seconds to spit it out, or you’ll be adding five to your tally for Rule number four, because you aren’t being open OR honest and I’m losing patience.”
The single bedroom was slightly less cluttered than the living area. There was an unmade double bed with grey sheets and a navy-blue duvet, a nightstand, and a chest of drawers. There was a human skull on the chest of drawers, and John picked it up. It appeared to be authentic.
The first strike hits his ass, and he clenches his cheeks, but mostly in surprise. The whip makes a thwyp sound as the tip of it just grazes his skin, and there is a brief stinging sensation. Thwyp, thwyp, thwyp. Again and again the tip of the dragon-tail makes contact. With his ass, with his thighs and his shoulder blades. John was right; it almost feels good, and he relaxes. John is moving behind him, shifting position to reach different areas and vary the impact. Thwyp,THWYP, thwyp. Now John is interspersing harder strikes among the gentle flicks and Sherlock gasps at the sting.
Sherlock slowly lifts the lid, and his mouth drops open as he sees a beautiful silver watch nestled in the box. It has a round face, black with lots of details and dials. It looks expensive. His eyes lift to meet John’s, and he shakes his head. “I can’t. Not after all the clothes…”
Sherlock is out of his comfort zone playing host at John's Independence Day birthday party. Things get even more uncomfortable when John's ex-girlfriend shows up.
John's heart sank. Sherlock was lying to him and it hurt. He clenched his jaw. He wanted to yell. He wanted to rage. He wanted to beat the living hell out of Hopkins and lock Sherlock in the flat where no one else could touch him. He swallowed hard. He needed to calm down and think this through before he did or said something he'd regret. He needed to get himself away from Sherlock and think.
He had been planning on it. It’s the only decent one he has. But somehow the request makes him breathe a little faster.
“Yeah, he did, and I kinda meant to tell you, but then I couldn’t reach you and…”
“You always have a choice, Sherlock. But we’re running out of time. Agreed or not?” Sherlock calculates quickly. He’s never been in better shape in his life, but he’s still scrawny against John’s barrel chest and broad shoulders. Push-ups
Keeping his hands off himself is getting a little easier. Maybe not easier exactly, but he feels like
“Y’all enjoy the food, boys. And you best put that top up; it’s fixin’ to rain,” the farmer calls as they drive away.
He turned and looked back at the door from which they had just emerged. It was set into a rocky hillside, and there was no evidence of a structure. The whole place might be underground. In the darkness, John could make out what looked like two footpaths leading into the trees surrounding them. One to the left and another to the right. If the others had taken one or the other, there was no evidence of it. Somewhere in the distance, to the right, a dog bayed.
, Sherlock thought frantically as Moriarty pulled out a tile. “Number four!” he announced dramatically.
“That sounds awesome.” He gives John another side-eye, with a smirk this time, mentally adding a stroke to his tally. He’s rethinking his initial assessment.
A dark cloud passed over Sherlock’s face, but he said nothing.
good kid. The best.”
John swallowed hard. “Will,” he whispered.
“I’m going to blindfold you now. I’m going to give you pleasure and pain and, by the end, you won’t be able to tell the difference. Just concentrate on the sensations. Your body is an instrument and I’m going to play it. Are you ready?”
“That feels good, Sir,” he murmurs.
Sherlock finds he can’t say anything at all.
It feels strange. Almost wrong. He should be the one on his hands and knees, not John. He should be the one getting fucked. He likes it. He knows he likes it. He doesn’t know if he’s going to like
“Remember, Sherlock, no orgasm for you,” John said evilly, turning Sherlock back to face him and pulling the waistband of the knickers back up so that they stopped halfway up Sherlock’s erection. “But I’m most definitely going to come.”
“When we get you properly dressed and maybe a haircut, you'll look right at home in it.”
Pride.”
John makes a grumbling sound and Sherlock guesses he better proceed to the main event. He drags his tongue up along the underside of his cock and takes the whole thing into his throat at once.
Sherlock shakes his head. “It hurts, but I’d rather just stay like this, Sir.”
“You are not an idiot. How are you feeling? Tell me what you’re feeling, Sherlock.”
John raises an eyebrow at him. “Oh, believe me, I like it too, but let’s get the fringe out of your eyes so I can see them. They’re amazing and I want to be able to look at them when I’m inside you.”
“John, I'm sorry that I took things too far,” Sherlock said in a small voice. “Everything you just said is true, and you deserve better. How can I make this up to you?  I’ll do anything,” Sherlock pled, rising and reaching out to John. He really was sorry. His plan had worked a little too well--he'd never wanted Stan to get hurt. But on the other hand, John's passionate reaction and defence of his territory had been...arousing.
“There’s something else. I’m…”
“I’ve listened to this opera at least a dozen times in opera houses all over the world and that aria even more, and her version ranks right up there. Thank you for sharing it with me.”
He returns with two juice boxes and holds the straw up for Sherlock to drink.
Sherlock takes the bus to the address John gave him in downtown Columbus. He’s standing in front of Greenfield Clothiers, a small shop in the heart of the business district, a neighborhood Sherlock has never had reason to visit.
“Hello.”
When John comes back from the gym that afternoon, he stops by Sherlock’s bedroom and pops his head through the door. Sherlock is at his desk, putting the finishing touches on his essay.
“That’s it. There you are, my sweet boy, ah, ah, ah.” John arches his back as Sherlock’s orgasm tightens the muscles surrounding him, and he fills Sherlock’s ass with his own release.
“Touch me. Please.”
“Please count and thank me for each stroke.”
“No, I didn’t hurt him, Sherlock, although I wanted to. Wanted to wring his neck for selling you that poison. And for endangering who knows how many others. But I think his selling days are over. I was very convincing.”
Sherlock’s belly is full, and his mind is pleasantly buzzing from the wine he’s unaccustomed to. His initial nervousness has subsided to a tiny flutter in his stomach that is not unpleasant. Elbows on the table, he strokes his lower lip with a finger while looking at the man sitting across from him. The very attractive man whose eyes are now focused on Sherlock’s lip and the finger stroking it. He’s flattered to be John’s date (because that’s what this is, a date). He remembers that this had all started with the most insanely hot experience of his life.
“Doctor Watson! Nice work. Congratulations,” says the surgeon who had assisted him during the grueling five-hour transplant surgery. “So glad you were available on such short notice. What were the chances that we’d get a donor heart the very week that two of our best surgeons are in Jamaica on their honeymoon and the other has the flu?”
“In my bra,” she whispered.
Finally, he answers, and his voice is kind. “I’m glad Sherlock. I’m really glad that things are changing for you. That you’re happy. You deserve it, and whether you want it or not, you have my support. I’ll be back in the States soon and we’ll talk more. Say hello to John and give my love to Ms. Hudson.”
“Because there could be more than one person involved?” Molly says.
John dropped his head to his knees and closed his eyes. Christ. He had sat next to Will on the plane yesterday and hadn’t recognised him. Those eyes. He had noticed the eyes. But the Will he remembered hadn’t been tall. They had been roughly the same size back then, and Sherlock was six feet at least. And the nose was different too, wasn’t it? He cursed himself for his failure to remember. But it did explain the strange chemistry and the attraction he’d felt.
“You have five minutes. Hurry, I’m timing you.,” he calls as he disappears into the living room. He’s started twisting streamers by the time Sherlock has seated himself at the breakfast bar.
They ate and drank and talked and laughed. It felt so effortless. The wine went down easily, and John forgot all about Mary, work, and the question of what he was going to do with his life. He immersed himself in the moment and watched with pleasure as Sherlock enjoyed his food. It was so good to see him smile. When he did, his whole face lit up and became a mass of crinkles, and it made John feel warm inside.
The tuxedo fits perfectly, and Martin teaches Sherlock how to tie the bowtie. It doesn’t take long before Sherlock can tie it flawlessly.
Sherlock closes his eyes.
“I’m so sorry,” John said, placing a hand on her arm.
“You like it?”
He sat back and took a deep breath, composing himself.
Sherlock thinks about his purple shirt. “I don’t really have anything…I mean, you have to wear a suit, right? With a tie?”
His name is announced, something, something, chemistry scholarship, and he takes a deep breath and starts up to the stage. He sees Ms. Hudson standing there, smiling, and he walks toward her. This feels momentous. It’s only high school, but it seems like a turning point. He’s made it. He’s free.
“Did you like it?” Sherlock sets the guitar aside.
“But I’m wearing a ring.” Greg holds up his left hand.
“Who hurt you?” John says, tracing the line of gnarled flesh at the base of Sherlock’s spine with his finger as he sits beside Sherlock, who lies face down on the rumpled bed. The afternoon sun streams through the window, bathing their naked bodies in its golden warmth.
When they reach him, they silently start to remove the cruel decorations. Molly says, “Sherlock, you don’t—” but he cuts her off. “Please. Just—not now.” They continue without speaking and when they finish, Sherlock climbs on the bike. Without looking at them, he says, “Thank you,” and wobbling a little, rides off.
“Update the whiteboard. Now,” John says, releasing his hold on the collar.
With a sigh, he slides down the wall to sit on the floor. The adrenaline of surgery is waning, and he’s bone tired. Pulling off his scrub hat, he runs a hand through his hair then rubs his shoulder. The old wound always aches after surgery. He wonders why Sherlock hasn’t texted him. Ordinarily, he’d have a dozen messages at least after so much time.
He’s interrupted by John’s laughter, and he scowls.
“It would be a different collar,” John says. “More discreet, but yes, some people might recognize it for what it is, but most will probably just think it i
“Don’t tell me you’re jealous?”  She knows he’s not.
almost escape before he swallows them. It’s not that he’s worried about adding to the tally. Because he’s not afraid of more strokes. But this isn’t the time for stupid, arbitrary rules. He doesn’t want anything to interfere with what he’s about to do. Yes, John is the Dom, and he has committed to obeying him, but right now all Sherlock can think about is his mom. Can’t John see that? Can’t he put aside his need to be in control for this one morning? It’s not like he’s going to starve to death if he misses one breakfast. He gives John a half-hearted smile that isn’t quite a yes or a no, then turns his gaze back to the box.
“Mmm.”
John guides him towards the back of the sofa until he is just inches away. Sherlock shifts his hips forward, and for a glorious moment, the pressure against the furniture relieves the ache he’s been trying to ignore all night. “Don’t even think about coming,” John says. “I have plans and I’ll not have you spoiling them.” He gives Sherlock three sharp smacks on each cheek, and the sting takes his mind off his throbbing cock.
He’s been restrained before, with scarves and cuffs, but never to this extent. And it’s not just that he wants to please John, although that’s part of it. It’s that he thinks it might be exciting to be immobilized like that, displayed for John and at his mercy. It’s arousing him just to think about it.
John looks down and can scarcely believe that he has managed to get this singular boy in his bed. He feels Sherlock’s hot mouth around him. He moans, “God, Sherlock, yes, your mouth. That’s it, make it just like you imagined.” Sherlock does, hollowing his cheeks and running his tongue around the glans again and again.
“I love you too, Sir.”
Sherlock wakes up with every limb wrapped around John who is starfished under the covers. He’s so warm and cozy he almost wants to go back to sleep, but his knee brushes against John’s morning erection and he grins mischievously to himself. He slides down under the sheets. The smell is intoxicating: their mingled nighttime sweat, John’s musky maleness, a new combination of the two of them.
Sherlock tries on the shirts, and John picks out two white ones, a purple in a shade lighter than the one he owns—almost lavender, and a dark and a light blue. He and Martin discuss fittings, ties, and other details, while Sherlock dresses. When he comes out of the dressing room, Martin is alone, waiting for him. He looks at Sherlock, seriously this time, and speaks quietly. “Sherlock, listen to an old man. You know it wasn’t just the Jews that the monster tried to exterminate. He sent a hundred thousand of
John reaches down and strokes his hair.
Sherlock looks at the floor. “No, Sir.”
“Yes.”
John regarded Sherlock as he turned over in his mind what he wanted to say. He didn’t know why he hadn’t told Sherlock he’d found the note in the magazine. For some reason, he wanted Sherlock to be the one to bring up their past.
“Yeah, but I thought you were kidding.”
ENGLISH2282 Introduction to Queer Studies
John does notice and nods approvingly as he looks through the notebook that evening after dinner. He’s on the sofa with Sherlock sitting on the floor at his feet. “One hundred fifty-three pounds. Moving in the right direction.” He puts the notebook down and motions for Sherlock to come to him. Sherlock climbs up onto John’s lap, straddling him.
“I was surprised myself,” she says. “It was so nice of him to invite us. Marie and I can see the fireworks from our backyard but I’ve always wondered what it would be like to watch them from one of these buildings.”
“Yes, Sir.”
Gregson narrows his eyes and Wig hurries on. “The kid,” he jerks his head towards Sherlock, “I think he’s sick.”
“Look at me, Sherlock.”
Sherlock drops the towel and crawls up on the bed with none of his usual speed or grace. He playfully wiggles his ass in John’s direction, looking coyly at him over his shoulder. John hums and approaches the bed. He smooths his hand over Sherlock’s flank but, suddenly, jerks Sherlock towards him by the hips. Sherlock gasps and arches his back. John bites him on his right ass cheek. He runs his lips over it and says, “I like it when you tease, sweet boy. It means you know how much I want you.” He runs his hands up Sherlock’s sides and tweaks his nipples. Sherlock squeaks, and John huffs out a laugh. John’s hands slide over his stomach, through the sparse hair trailing down from his belly button. Carefully, the backs of his fingers avoid his rapidly filling cock despite Sherlock’s rocking back and forth on his hands and knees. John is kissing and licking whatever he can reach.
“Which rules?”
The no drug rule is manageable so far, the no smoking rule is sucking big time, but the no touching rule is driving him completely out of his mind. With no relief, he is in an almost constant state of arousal. He can’t stop thinking about John. When he wakes up each morning, he’s invariably hard. A cold shower takes care of that. Temporarily. When he’s at work, he sees the display of riding crops and thinks of the one that now sits on John’s mantel and wonders when he’s going to feel its sting. He can’t take a cold shower at work and it’s downright embarrassing to have a boner while waiting on customers. But the nights are the absolute worst. He wants to obey, wants to please John, prove to him that he can do this. That he is worthy of John’s attention. He wants this desperately. But this is also the very thought that makes him hard. It’s exasperating, and he gets very little sleep while trying to analyze it all.
He settles him onto a chair, and
“Yes. The others did all the…other damage,” but Moriarty burned me. Said he was going to burn the heart out of me.” Sherlock made a feeble attempt at a smile. “Someone should have informed him that I don’t have one.”
He opens the envelope and finds a piece of stationery, which he puts aside for the moment, wrapped around a photograph of his mother in a hospital bed, holding
His hand moves faster as he thrusts his hips, eyes shut tightly.
SH:    : )
“Can you pee?”
“I shouldn’t talk about that, but I always expected this would happen. I just wasn’t ready. I didn’t think it would be so soon. I’ll be fine. Really.” She took a deep breath and extended her hand. “Thank you for inviting me to join you. I’m Martha. Martha Hudson.”
. The sun is low in the sky as he waits for John to get home from the hospital. Sherlock drums his fingers against the guitar on his lap. Since John is working late, he’s had some extra time to play. He’s sitting cross-legged on a cushion on one of the reclining deck chairs. He hasn’t picked up his guitar since he’s been here, and it feels good to have it under his arm again.
The guilt is crushing. “I’m really sorry, John.”
“John.”
********
Everything was going according to plan.
There really is an article
He’s thrusting harder now, and suddenly, he is aware of John’s labored breathing.
And now he wasn’t sure it’s what he wanted. Not that he didn’t love her. But it felt like something crucial was missing.
“We’ll go back to my place for dinner,” John says, checking his watch as they walk toward his charcoal Porsche 911 convertible parked at the curb. “You like shrimp?”
“They just don’t seem relevant. There are so many interesting things to learn about here on Earth.”
“Yeah.”
“What are you talking about?”
“There’s a group of us that try to stay in touch via Pride week and then the opera benefit, and as sponsors, we have first choice at our favorite seats. Those are my friends Irene and Kate opposite us.”
“Why are you being punished, Sherlock?”
When he looks through the peephole, he sees Wiggy in the hallway, head bobbing, forefingers poking the air, dancing to music that must only be in his head because he doesn’t have earbuds in. Sherlock grins and opens the door.
“How did you know that I’d say yes to all of this? That I’d respond to you the way I have?”
SH:    I’M FUCKING FINE! Just the supermarket account, ok?
“We’re going to get your punishment out of the way and then we’ll have three or four hours to play.” Sherlock’s face drops at the news. He was hoping tonight would be the first night they’d spend together. John sees his disappointment and cups his cheek with his hand. “Not yet, beautiful boy. Soon.”
“Go on and rub them a little more, softly, around them, across the tops. That's it. It feels good doesn’t it, yeah?” Sherlock gulps in a rush of oxygen and John nods knowingly. “We’re going to be paying those more attention in the future, sweet boy. Now, give your cock a squeeze at the bottom and start sliding your hand up and down again. Do you need more slick? OK, then, speed up...yes, that's it. Squeeze a little more, and give a twist up at the top, right under the head…”
“Did he say anything else?”
Mike Stamford dropped to his knees, his head in his hands, sobbing. Martha and Molly clung to one another. Philip Anderson, pale as a ghost, stared aghast at Sherlock. John looked at Sherlock with pity but also understanding. John was a soldier. A warrior. And undoubtedly familiar with the military strategist, Sun Tzu, who famously said, “Victory is reserved for those who are willing to pay its price.”
John instinctively went for the knife but stopped himself. He glanced at Sherlock, who had moved away from him during the night and was now sitting about two metres away. Their eyes met briefly and then turned back to the doorway.
These words almost make Sherlock come, and he gasps.
He slides into the back seat of the sedan.
“Thank you.” John kisses him, takes the binder, and passes it on to Annie. “What do you think?”
“Shit!” He throws the pack onto the counter, then slams himself down in his seat and pops right back up again at the pain in his backside. “Fuck.” He snatches the phone from his pocket, ready to write a blistering text to the man who’s ruined his day already, but sees he’s been beaten to it.
“Good boy, now just let me look at you.”
Sherlock nods, but John says, “No. When I ask you a question, I want to hear your answer. Try again. Did you agree to spanking? And to being punished?”
John ignores this and slides his tongue over his bottom lip. “Remember a few weeks ago when I told you I wanted to cover you with ice cream and lick it off?”
you know how I feel about smoking. But it’s you not accepting my authority and then trying to provoke me that’s the real issue here. The decision to punish you or not is mine alone. I heard you when you said you wanted to be punished. I promised that I would always listen to you, and I did, didn’t I?”
Sherlock blushes a bit at this praise. “Thanks, Rod, I’m not sure I’m going to be famous, but I’ll remember you, I promise.“ As he walks out the door, it feels like turning a page. The last vestiges of his old life, like his father, behind him. In front of him are possibilities that he has never really imagined could be his. College, and being with John. Whatever that means. He decides that for at least this summer, it means being happy again. It’s enough for now.
Sherlock gave him a murderous look. “I will go insane if I have to stay here one night longer. I’ll check myself out AMA. I feel FINE!”
“Since the opera?”
“I...I...don’t know. What would you like, Sir?”
His shoulders and hips begin to move and he sways in time with the music. John’s face breaks into a wide grin as he begins to match Sherlock’s movements, still resting his hands on his waist. They dance, sometimes breaking apart and sometimes pressed together. The harness slides over his nipples as his body gyrates, teasing them to attention. The strap lengthens and tightens behind his balls and slides up and down between the cheeks of his ass and it lends a dirty grind to his moves. Dancing in the crowd with John feels like being high, better than being high because, when it’s over, he’ll carry the remnants of euphoria with him, not descend into dark despair. He spins, shaking his hips seductively and earning a hard pinch for his effort. Completing the turn, he crashes his body against John whose hands slip down to give his ass a squeeze as the song ends. “You are something else, Sherlock Holmes” he whispers into his mouth as they kiss. This praise sends tingles down his spine and he feels light, happy, and completely relaxed. He can’t remember when he’s had this much fun.
After breakfast, Sherlock makes a dividing line on the whiteboard and beneath it, makes three tally marks and writes “#1 disobeying”. Above the dividing line, the twelve-stroke tally for this week remains. It’s on his mind all day, but John doesn’t say a word. Sherlock plays his guitar, and it doesn’t help. He studies, but the thought of the impending punishment is so distracting that he doesn’t accomplish much. He rides his bike along the river and can think of nothing else. Will it be a paddling again? Why hasn’t John said anything? He’s not dreading it exactly; it’s more like a nervous excitement.
John opened his eyes. Sherlock was staring down at him.
both of us, together. It requires a fair amount of courage on your part. You’ll be in a strange country, away from everything you’re familiar with.”
“We haven’t talked about it, Sherlock, but there’s no reason I have to meet them, your father or brother, today. Or ever. I don’t want you to worry about it. I’d be happy, proud for you to introduce me, but it’s all fine, whether you do or you don’t, you know best. I don’t want you to feel any pressure. Obviously, it’s your decision, and I’ll stay in the background. I will be there, whatever you decide.”
Week five starts off with a new job and the start of Sherlock's summer class. Sherlock and Molly meet their co-worker, Jim Moriarty, and John tests Sherlock's limits with an intense sensory experience.
“Yeah, yeah. You?”
Sherlock closes his eyes and swallows, hard. What is it about this man who has just walked into his life? This man who held a riding crop under his chin yesterday and made his cock hard with the promise of what…pain? He wants to smoke a cigarette desperately, or even better, score a hit. Wants to go back to yesterday morning before John Watson walked into the tack shop and fucking overwhelmed him with deep blue eyes, firm voice and soldier’s bearing. But he can’t do any of these things. Instead, he raises his glass to his lips and drains it. His eyes meet John’s, and there is a heartbeat of silence, then two, before he answers.
“Yep, that!”
“So you framed an innocent kid and were going to let him rot in prison to save your own skin, not to mention all the other kids out there you helped to poison.”
“Stop.”
As he walks, Sherlock has the most peculiar feeling that the man is staring at his ass. He doesn't know how he knows this, he just does, and he feels a flush creeping up his neck to his cheeks.
Sherlock ties the bowtie the way Martin showed him while standing before the full-length mirror in his room. He’s locked the door so that John won’t see him before he’s ready. The fabric of the tuxedo feels rich and smooth as he runs his fingers up and down one of the sleeves. He buttons and unbuttons the jacket, can’t decide what looks better, and ends up leaving just the top button done. The suit fits his slim body like a glove.
Jim tries for a placating tone. “Oh, no! Of course not. Especially with this crowd. I mean, who’s going to notice the age difference with everything that’s going on, right?”
Sherlock wakes up to his alarm early Friday morning without even thinking of hitting the snooze button. John has cleared it with Myc, and Godfrey is going to handle the cash bond that will get Wiggy out. Sherlock wouldn’t miss it for the world.
“Yes, Sir.”
Then John pried himself from Sherlock’s embrace and took a step backwards. As Sherlock watched from the bed, John pulled his jumper over his head and then his vest. He removed his shoes and socks, then unbuckled his belt. Soon he was standing in only his underwear. Sherlock had not moved. His breath was rapid and shallow, but he stayed where he was. John felt Sherlock’s eyes roam over his body. Then their eyes met, and Sherlock nodded.
“I’m sorry, love, I know you’ve got free time now that you’ve finished your schoolwork, but I’ve still got loads of things to finish up before we leave Columbus. Errands today and paperwork for the university this evening.” He hesitates. “There is something I want to talk to you about, though. Something I’d like to do, maybe before we go. But I want to get all these other things out of the way first. And I need to give it some more thought before I’ll be ready to discuss it.”
“Yeah, don’t worry. She’s cool. She’ll like you.”
*****
She nodded. “Thank you. But it was bound to happen at some point. I mean, given his profession,” she said, blowing her nose.
Sherlock has never seen this look from his father, and his confidence rises.
“It’s no secret that I didn’t care for John at first. I didn’t trust him, I thought he was using you. I was just being the protective big brother, I guess. And you have a history of making poor choices—and that’s a charitable assessment. But I can see now that he cares for you. And that he’s helping you to grow up.” Myc pauses, and his solemn expression lightens. “And I’m confident he’ll keep you on a short leash—literally, perhaps.” He tries and fails to maintain a straight face at his joke.
“First things first. The list?”
Irene smirks. “No, take all the time you need. I can hardly blame you, John. In fact, I’m almost jealous.” When Kate gives her a look, she laughs. “You know I’m just joking.”
“How did you manage to throw this party all by yourself?”
“I dunno. Some colleagues from the clinic, old army buddies. Sholto and McTeague, for sure. And you know how small my family is—it won’t be a long list.”
Ms. Hudson smiles. “
Wiggy looks at it, then back at Sherlock. “Sure, kid. Take it easy.”
“Do you trust me?”
Sex? Yeah, John wants that, he’d said so that first day in the shop, and if it
“I thought it would,” John says, pressing his lips to the top of Sherlock’s head.
“Try to sit. I’ll give you some water.”
“I’m talking about you abandoning my brother. Do you have any idea what you’ve done to him? I misjudged you, John. I should have known better. I thought you cared about him. You actually had me convinced that you were good for him. To think that I was going to let you—”
Sherlock says nothing and looks at his shoes.
“I’m not an addict. I’m a user. There is a difference. And I’m in pain, John.”
John backed away. “Anything?" he queried.
Mr. Greenfield has a tape measure around his neck and is holding a pincushion.
Sherlock replies, “B-minus, if you can believe it.”
Sherlock laughs. “No, Sir. Not beneath me. I might even take some more at Cambridge—I mean if I get in.”
erase that board. It would serve you right, you brat. But I think I’ll just make you wait. Maybe until we get to London. Be careful what you wish for, Sherlock. You might get more than you bargained for...”
“Maybe we should go home, Sir.”
“I hated it.”
This thought takes him by surprise and before he can think about it further, John smacks his ass with an open hand.
“Actually, I’ve been wanting to talk about it, not the car, but what’s going to happen to me when the summer’s over.”
“Mmhmm,” the man hums skeptically. “You’re shaking, you’re talking in your sleep, and you look like shit. I ain’t telling you what to do, but you should ask to see the doc.”
“Have it your way.” Moriarty reached slowly into the bag.
“You are my best student, and I’m going to hate to see you go, you and Molly both. You have a gift Sherlock, and I don’t want to see you waste it—I won’t let you. I didn’t tell you about it, but I submitted your name for a chemistry scholarship and you won! It’s not much, two thousand a year if you keep your grades up, but it will help. Which schools did you apply to?”
“But—”
Sherlock is panting and gets his thoughts back together enough to say, “One, thank you, Sir.”
“Hmm. Well, I’m still hoping to—if I can get away. Someone should be there to see it. It’s rather a miracle, after all.”
John reached out and grasped Sherlock’s hand, and Sherlock turned back toward him. “It was an adventure, wasn't it,” he said.
“Yes, I remember that. He was studying for his license, wasn’t he?”
He’s not sure how he’ll make it until the weekend. It’s going to be miserable, maybe impossible. He squirms and that hurts his ass. He hates it. And he loves it. He loves the reminder. Shit. He’s going to sign the contract. He's decided. He takes a deep breath. Best to turn his mind to something that won’t make him horny. He tucks the contract back into the envelope and picks up his guitar.
“Thank you, Sir.”
“I used that for inspiration. For the lyrics, anyway. But the melody is mine. And I’m giving it to you. For your birthday.  It’s not nearly enough. Not even close after everything you’ve done. But it’s what I have. It’s all I have.”
“Thank you, Sir,” says Sherlock finally, not moving from his position.
“It’s your ass, man,” Wiggy says, shaking out a cigarette from the pack and handing it to Sherlock, who almost giggles at the comment.
“I really must insist.”
The man nodded curtly but didn’t speak or smile. He gave John a brief once-over before continuing on his way.
“Something like that.”
Sherlock exits the dressing room to model his outfit.
Sherlock. Constantly.”
Sherlock can’t answer. He’s overwhelmed by the idea of what he is sure is about to happen and that he wants it. He doesn’t hear the voice of his father or Sebastian, and his inner voice is quiet. He is conscious only of John’s hands and mouth on his body.
“Shhhh, I know, I know, sweet boy,” John says, placing a finger over Sherlock’s lips and with the other hand, picking up his phone. He makes a few taps on the screen and instantly Sherlock feels the plug begin to buzz inside him. “Oh,” he breathes out, and his mouth stays open because he suddenly needs the extra oxygen. His eyes flutter closed and his knees buckle. John grasps his waist and eases him slowly down until he is sitting on the edge of the desk, which only serves to drive the plug deeper.
Whoosh, SNAP. This one on his back. After a yelp, he catches his breath.
“How…. What the…” John sputtered.
“I couldn’t wait, Sherlock. I’m sorry but seeing you sitting there and knowing what’s under that shirt and what’s
This time it’s Sherlock’s eyebrows that go up, and it makes John laugh. “Is it that much of a shock? Doms don’t always know what to do right away. In the meantime, I expect you to eat at least three times a day. I would like you to have a couple of snacks also, but the minimum is three meals. Do I need to put it in the contract, or are we clear that it’s included under Rule number five?”
The euphoria gives way to an overwhelming heaviness. He can’t open his eyes. He can’t move, can’t breathe. He drifts into velvety darkness. He smiles at the irony: his last thought is Romeo’s:
John holds Sherlock’s chin and looks at him severely.
“You are lying,” John.
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed.
“Sherlock. Oh yeah. So good. You like this?” John is breathing hard and talking in a stream of consciousness kind of way that doesn’t seem to demand an answer. “Take it...Your arse is so tight...Fuck...So beautiful...The marks...What you let me do...So beautiful...My good boy…”
“Ohhh!”
Another woman, younger, standing at a podium beside the bench, reads from a clipboard. “19CRA158002, The State of Ohio vs. Sherlock Holmes, Grand Theft.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Molly blushes and presses her thin lips together in an embarrassed smile. “I think you just need to get to know him. You could try being nice, you know.”
“It’s nothing, just messing around.”
Guests drift away once the chest-thumping, brilliant finale is over. The next day is a workday for most of them, although John has taken the day off. There’s much more hand-shaking and so-glad-I-finally-met-you’s until at last, the only person left is—Annie. She looks quite at home on the sofa with her bare feet on the coffee table. Sherlock is almost certain now that she will spend the night. He has no idea what this means for him, but even though he kind of likes her, he can’t bear the thought of sharing John.
“Excuse me.”
JW:    LOL. Did you do it on purpose?
“Forget the wine. I just wanted to get you alone. Just for a minute. You. Are. So. Fucking. Hot.” John has grasped both of Sherlock’s wrists and has them pressed against the door.
“Good boy.” John releases Sherlock’s hair and leans back, hands gripping the edge of the table.
“I don’t feel up to it right now, John. We’ll talk tomorrow.”
Myc drops into a chair and crosses his legs, making himself comfortable. “So, what were those six theories of yours Sherlock?”
“I have no fucking clue,” John said.
Sherlock extends his tongue and touches the kale with the tip. It’s not awful. He’s about to put the fork into his mouth when his phone buzzes.
a badass, in her own unique way. And while she hasn’t always approved of his choices, she’s always been there for him. “Just promise you’ll be careful.”
“Yes, Ms. Hudson invited us.”
John's line about it is a direct quote from my father (may he RIP and not notice what his daughter is writing) who was Italian and knew many operas by heart.
Sherlock types a search into his computer and then looks up laughing.
“It’s time,” John says.
“Looking up your book. You might be able to sell it.”
“I know that music! I’ve heard it before!”
Sherlock tries to sit up, but he’s stiff everywhere and feels so cold he wants to stay curled up on the…bench? The shaking of his shoulder continues and he shrugs it off because it hurts his head.
“Yes, and sex, of course,” John laughs. “Enough seriousness! We are going to have a good time today. I want you to enjoy yourself, be yourself. Let down your hair, so to speak.” A curl has fallen down onto Sherlock’s forehead and John carefully replaces it.  “I bet by the end of the day I might even get you to dance.”
She doesn’t answer.
Sherlock takes as deep a gulp of air as he can and Annie starts circling him double time, changing her heights and angles. Finally, she stands and starts tidying up quickly. “I’ll be out of your way in no time.”
“He should be here any minute. Until he arrives, there is some data entry and cleaning you two can start on. Not glamorous, I know, but it has to be done.”
“You lied to me. After what I’ve been through worrying, thinking you were dead, and then you lie to me? And you’re shacking up with some guy you used to fuck? I can’t believe it. I…I…I just can’t believe it. You chose to be there with him instead of coming home to me.” John heard her voice hitch and then quiet sobs.
Sherlock stands with his tray, looking at the tables filling up with men. There don’t seem to be many good options. Most of the guys look pretty rough, and others appear to have mental health issues, muttering to themselves or rocking compulsively. He looks at Wiggy and raises his eyebrows.
. He was BORED. Sherlock’s brain was zinging about, but it had nothing to latch onto. His rapid-fire thoughts needed either an outlet or a dose of something to calm them. Since John and Sherlock had been together, he promised John that he would not resort to self-medication, and he had kept his word. He paced the floor, looking at his watch. He wondered what kind of a case Lestrade had for him. He hoped that it would not be dull.
Sherlock says, “Nothing’s wrong, green. Green. I just don’t...get it. Why me? I’m a loser. And you’re… a doctor. You’re rich. You’re hot. You could have anybody you want.”
John looks at him sadly and reaches out to touch his cheek. “No, sweet boy. In your place, I would have run away myself. What did you tell me about why you needed that heroin? What were you afraid of?”
The first call comes on Sunday, noon. To the minute. Precise. He likes that in a sub. The call doesn’t connect. He didn’t really expect it to. He doesn’t return the call, though he could. There’s no rush. It’s always better to let them take their time. John will not pressure him. This way, there will be no question later about consent. Sherlock has to come to him freely, out of his own desire. The phone rings at four. Precisely. He lets it ring three times, to be sure. He clicks on but stays silent. Sherlock stutters. Already.
“No, Sir.”
“I went to summer camp once, a long time ago. They taught us how to find food in the woods, pitch a tent, stuff like that…camping stuff.” He looked at Sherlock to see his reaction. His face was blank, and he was looking off into the woods, pretending to stare at something. “I hate camping,” he said finally.
SH:         Is Seb OK?  How bad?
“Dad says he’s going, and I have a friend who’s gonna come.” Sherlock immediately regrets mentioning John. If Sherlock is observant, Myc is perceptive in the extreme.
“Sir,” John began, grasping the man’s shoulders and easing him upright. The man didn’t rouse. The man next to him was also sleeping, his head cradled by a travel collar. He was wearing headphones and seemed oblivious to everything that was going on.
He gets up and begins to make his way through the living room. “I know. Thorough.”
He wakes with a tickling feeling on his face, and when he moves to brush it away, John catches his wrist and holds it. “It’s aloe. It helps with the swelling.” John is sitting on the side of the bed, dabbing at his cheek. Sherlock thought he ached the night before, but this morning it hurts to even breathe.
His arms begin trembling and John says, “Sherlock, are you sleeping? Up and down, or forfeit.”
“Perfect. Absolutely perfect.”
John ignored it. He had to. The only thing that mattered was getting out of this place and finding help. Sherlock’s suffering had to be disregarded for now. John’s soldier brain was in complete control, and it knew that this was the way it had to be. It was the only way to survive.
He does so and stands awkwardly with his hands in front of his crotch, not meeting John’s eyes. Sensing his discomfort, John walks over, putting himself between Annie and Sherlock, before whispering, “Go cover that with some boxer-briefs. We’re only going to be tying above the waist and that was meant to be a treat for my eyes only.”
One benefit of the wrestling match that morning is that Sherlock feels a lot less tense about moving with the plug lodged firmly in his ass for the rest of the day, not that he isn’t hyper-conscious of it at every moment. He walks awkwardly around the apartment to do his chores, scowling every time he catches John smirking at him. He tries to get away with standing at the bar to do his studying, but John motions him to the table alongside him, and he spends the time trying not to squirm on the chair. He asks if he can skip guitar practice to finish the opera video. John agrees, and they watch it together. It takes Sherlock about two minutes to configure his computer to play through the TV, and they sit side-by-side on the sofa. John does some work on his own laptop but Sherlock catches him sneaking glances at his face, no doubt wondering if he likes it. He
John grins. “The bad news is that you have a sunburn pattern from the harness. The good news is that you may get some new freckles; they are quite adorable.” John touches Sherlock’s back with his fingertips. “You have whole freckle constellations back here! I see a set that forms Cygnus, the Swan, here, here, here, and here…” With each “here” he places his lips softly against the hot skin of his back until he has kissed him seven times.
hear you.”
When they enter the condo, they pause inside the door, and John traps Sherlock against it, caging him with his arms. Sherlock slides down a bit and John presses against him and finds his mouth. The kiss is long and deep and the rough feel of the scruff against Sherlock’s face contrasts deliciously with the softness of John’s lips and tongue.
“I’m sorry? What?” John said.
Shocked, he reads it again. And a third time. He drops it to the bed and, elbows on his knees, steeples his hands under his chin before sliding them up to comb through his curls.
Somebody, presumably Hopkins, says “What the fuck, Gregson?”
"Yes, Sir, I swear. I bought ten bags, but I only used three. I thought I would be able to handle it, but I guess it’s been so long, or maybe the stuff was as pure as Pete said. It was an accident. And I’m so, so sorry. I’m just—I can’t believe you’d have me back.”
"You ready for the real thing?"
“What is taking them so fucking long? I called forty-five minutes ago!”
John raises an eyebrow and in a voice that makes Sherlock a little wobbly, says, “Try again.”
birthday today.”
“Dinner?” Was Sherlock inviting him to dinner? The man went from hot to cold to hot again at the drop of a hat.
“Yeah, well, I’m not ready to take that risk yet. We need to keep moving, Sherlock. We’ve got to find help. We can’t live out here forever, and you need medical attention.”
Sherlock’s hands move again, over John’s chest, pausing for the briefest moment at his nipples, just a quick circle with fingertips and then continuing down to the waistband of his pants. He begins to undo the belt buckle but stops midway. “Turn around, Sir.”
He plays the final note and looks to John.
When he woke the next morning, John was not in their bed. However, there was a small box, powder pink and topped with a black bow, on the bedside table with a note. A gift from John? Sherlock sat on the side of the bed, opened the note, and began to read.
“I won’t insult you by telling me you’ll thank me someday.”
John stared at the ceiling for a minute and then closed his eyes. Inappropriate thoughts were tumbling through his mind now, and he couldn’t stop them. Was Sherlock a top, a bottom or versatile? John had discovered that outward appearance and demeanour were seldom a predictor. Guys who held the most powerful positions in their day-to-day lives were often the ones that most enjoyed getting railed. John was betting that Sherlock fell into this category. And for purposes of the fantasy he was about to have, that is what John was going to assume.
“You’re hurting me!” the pinned man whined.
He scanned the tree line. “Please. Please. Please,” he murmured. And then it rose over the foliage. Big and orange. Orange. Orange? What type of helicopter was orange? He’d never seen a U.S. Military Helicopter, or any other, for that matter, of this colour. He raised the binoculars to his eyes. The copter was bright orange with a black nose and a white stripe on the tail boom. Behind the cockpit was a red, white, and blue roundel signifying,
“Mycroft!” Sherlock said, looking at his brother.
“I can’t really say the same.”
Sherlock replies, “Hi, yeah. I’m looking for a bottle of champagne—a good one.”
Gary shakes his head and puts his arm around Billy. “Pleased to meet you, Sherlock. We’ve heard a lot about you.”
By the time they near the end of the route, he’s begun to feel comfortable. He and John are almost conservative compared to most of the other paraders, and aside from some whistles and hoots, no one is paying them much attention. As they turn onto the last street, the happy sounds that have been all around them since the beginning are interrupted by a man’s voice booming through a bullhorn.
Sherlock swallows. “Yes.”
John stepped up onto a chair and held his hand in the air.
Sherlock sighed and moved away.
Stamford laughs out loud. “If John says you’re going, you’re gonna go, believe me. He said you’d probably enjoy working in one of the labs, that you’re a budding chemist.”
“You’re joking,” Anderson said.
Brave. He likes that. Rewards the behavior by taking control. “Excellent. Angelo’s. Six o’clock. And Sherlock?”
“But you did it.”
He swallows hard as he remembers.
Sherlock nods. “OK, good— Oh! Before I forget, John and I, I mean, John, because it’s his place and, whatever, he said, I mean, he wants, well here. Here’s the address. Come for dinner at seven o’clock.” He shoves a page torn from his notebook at Wiggy, who takes it with a confused look.
. He made a mental note to ask Sherlock about it tomorrow. As he set it down, he saw the bracelet. The leather bracelet he had made fifteen years ago. It was sitting between a framed photo of Sherlock and Eurus, and one of a middle-aged woman whom he guessed was their mother. He picked up the bracelet, rubbed it between his fingers and then put it back. He thought about Sherlock’s bracelet buried in a box of junk in his closet back home. He sighed.
“Yes, Sir.”
“Or Sherlock. But anyway, we googled it, and it turns out it’s a feminine version of Thomas,” Sherlock says and looks at John triumphantly. “Tamsin Sawyer. Tom Sawyer. Mark Twain!”
wait, sweet boy.” John finally kisses him on the mouth, his tongue penetrating deep, his lips moving hot and fevered against Sherlock’s. “Mmm. To be the only one who knows what you’re wearing underneath these trousers.” One of John’s hands releases a wrist and slides over Sherlock’s ass, squeezing. “It’s making me mental. God, I can’t wait to fuck you properly.”
She is backed up against the wall, her mouth hanging open, hands clutching the fabric at the collar of her blouse. But her eyes are not on John and he follows her gaze. His phone must have fallen from his pocket at some point during the fight and it now lies on the concrete floor, equidistant between them. Her eyes flit to his, then back at the phone. They both lunge at the same time, but she has the advantage of being upright. She reaches it first and brings the heel of her shoe down upon it. Then again. It makes a crunching sound. Before she can stomp on it a third time, John seizes her ankle, and she goes down hard on her ass with a thump and a little squeal of pain.
“Yes, Mary, I’m really sorry I missed your calls. There’s been so much going on…”
“Good. Time for bed. Busy day tomorrow.”
Sherlock hesitated for a split second and then said smoothly. “It’s for a case, Mrs Hudson,” as if this were the most natural and obvious thing in the world. “John’s not here, but I thank you for the biscuits, you can leave them on the table. Now I really need must get back to my work. So, if you don’t mind…” he said, with a “please leave” gesture of his hand.
John sounds happy again. “Fantastic! You see? It’s not as bad as all that. And there’s still time for your dad to make it. Will Myc be able to bring you?”
The most significant danger was respiratory depression. If Sherlock stopped breathing, John could give him mouth to mouth, but what good would that do? The tablets were timed to release over twelve hours, assuming Sherlock hadn’t chewed them. He couldn’t perform mouth to mouth for twelve hours. And even if he could, it wouldn’t provide enough oxygen for Sherlock’s brain.
“Yes, come for me,” whispers John. Relieved of making a decision, Sherlock comes, head thrown back and mouth open, emitting a loud wail. “Yes, that’s it, good boy.” John says as he continues to stroke. When Sherlock is spent, John rises to his knees. “Watch me, Sherlock, watch what you do to me.” He brings himself to orgasm, decorating Sherlock’s chest with ribbons of semen. Sherlock watches—he can’t take his eyes off him, this man who could have anyone he wants, gorgeous, brilliant, sexy,
JW:       Where are you now?
“He’ll stay with me,” John says.
Billy reaches up and gives him a peck on the cheek. “You are the most adorable fairy I’ve ever seen.”
“I can’t say that I understand your relationship exactly, and I don’t care to think of him...hurting you. But you are an adult now and I need to treat you like one. If you like that kind of thing...then...well...who am I to judge? I just...You’re so young and I worry about you and—”
“See how sexy you are,” John whispers, running his fingers lightly up and down Sherlock’s torso. “If we didn’t have to leave soon, who knows what I’d do to you.”
Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut and takes a deep breath.
“He’s awake, out of danger,” he says as he ushers them in. “The doc will probably want to keep him overnight, but usually OD’s check themselves out AMA. Gotta tell you, I’m so sick of these, we get six or seven a day. What a waste.” The nurse shakes his head in disgust. “It’s the fentanyl. Scary stuff. Can take down an elephant, and we’re seeing it show up in heroin more and more. Get him some help before you lose him. He was lucky this time.”
He rolls up his left sleeve and unwraps the condoms. He ties them together and wraps them around his biceps, tying off and slapping his arm to bring up the vein. He’s breathing heavily now but working methodically.
“Does Mycroft know about this?” John says.
He imagined the Sherlock on the magazine cover. All confident and smug. He imagined unbuttoning that tight white shirt. No, scratch that. He imagined grasping the collar and ripping it open, sending the buttons flying from the expensive garment. He imagined watching Sherlock’s blue eyes open wide as he gasped at the violence of it. John was just pushing the ruined shirt from the white shoulders when his little scenario was interrupted.
Wiggy grins, pulls out the desk chair and straddles it backwards. “I got nothing but time, dude.”
“Yes, Moriarty. I underestimated the extent of his derangement. How far he was willing to go to burn me. But that’s over now.”
John pokes up Sherlock’s chin with one finger so he can make eye contact. “For what? For following the rules? What’s Rule number three?”
Trigger warning for Chapter 15:  Child murder (not graphic)
“Done.”
Their relationship had been fifteen years and countless lovers ago. And he had only known him for six weeks. So why was the thought of him making John so…warm? Perhaps it was nostalgia for a simpler time. For youthful abandon, for discovery. When everything seemed new and imbued with possibility. It probably wasn’t nearly as great as he remembered it. Time has a way of painting memories with a rosy tint.
There is nothing behind the second tank either, and he makes his way slowly toward the third. Now he can clearly hear a man’s voice.
“Philistine. This pinot is 350 dollars a bottle. I need to teach you to appreciate the good stuff.”
“I appreciate your telling me, Sherlock. Can I ask why you did? Why didn’t you just say that you hadn’t read them?”
“Hold still. Let me do the work. You just feel it. That’s all you have to do. No thinking. Submit. Let yourself be just a body. Just sensation. Sink into it.”
“You’ll never guess who was on the plane with me,” he said.
worth a try!”
The fireworks are indeed much better close up and Sherlock feels like they’ve been arranged on his behalf. They suit his feelings perfectly, his own personal celebration of the incredible turn his life has taken. John stands behind him, arms around his waist, complaining that he’s too tall. He shifts so John can see and they stand, oohing and ahhing with everyone else. It feels like the place he was meant to be. That he’s home in a way he hasn’t had a home since his mother died. That there’s someone in the world again, who loves him because of who he is, not in spite of it.
He looks up at John, who is smiling down at him.
John thought unhappily but didn’t say it. Instead, he reached for Sherlock’s hand. Pulling it to his mouth, he kissed it. "I love you, too,” he said.
“Maybe after Christmas,” John says.  “Before Lent term at Camb—” He stops abruptly. “I mean, I’ll have to check my schedule.”
“Molly’s on the way up,” Sherlock says. “And Wiggy too. Thanks for letting him come for the fireworks.”
“How many have there been?”
“You mean the one they were after! Crikey, Johnny. That’s crazy! So are you two…? I mean, that must have been strange.”
He winces. “I know. And I’m really, really sorry. Um, that was the reason I was calling actually. I, uh, wanted to know if I could, uh, drop off a letter I wrote? Today if possible, but you’re probably busy—”
John unlocked the door and stepped into Sherlock’s flat, which was just over The Charles River from Massachusetts General and just northeast of MIT’s campus. The building on Ames St. was a mid-rise luxury building, and given Sherlock’s meticulous attention to his appearance, what greeted John upon entering the flat was a bit of a shock. The modest space was filled with…stuff. Every surface was heaped with books and papers, including a good bit of the floor. Two desks and a freestanding whiteboard covered with notations took up most of the living area. John counted three computers, a printer, and several pieces of equipment that he couldn’t identify. The walls, the ones that didn’t have bookcases, contained an eclectic assortment of art plus a framed copy of the
“Wake up! Stay with me, Sherlock! You’ve got to stay awake! It won’t be long now. You are not leaving me goddammit! Not after everything we’ve been through. I won’t allow it!”
There is a long pause, and Sherlock holds his breath waiting for the dancing dots to appear and finally, they do.
“John?”
“Let’s stop here,” John says, pulling Sherlock from the path and under a shelter with tables and chairs arranged around the columns and planters. He elegantly spreads the newly purchased blanket over the square metal table and pulls the slatted chair back, playfully gesturing for Sherlock to sit. “Monsieur?”
Sherlock whispers, “Please, touch me, please.”
“He was killed with an Assegai, a weapon common in Africa before the introduction of firearms. The Zulu and Nguni tribes of South Africa are the most well known for their use of it. Did it belong to him?”
“You are uncharacteristically taciturn,” Sherlock said acidly. “What’s the matter, brother mine. Cat got your tongue?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
collar. It wouldn’t just be a decoration or a piece of jewelry It would be a symbol of the...let’s say deepening of our relationship and would represent a new level of commitment. Something steady binding us together as we start living this new phase of our lives.”
John lowers his chin and raises his eyebrows. “Really. Would you like to try again, keeping in mind Rule number four?”
Sherlock hears the
John answers drily, “Yes, I’m sure you would. But that’s not what you need. With the English grades you have now, you’re going to have to take remedial classes, and that’s going to set you behind before you even get started. If you take one of these now and another in—”
He slides onto the seat and is relieved to see that the keys are in the ignition. He starts the truck and, instead of backing up and driving through the parking lot, guns the engine and drives through the grass toward the main road, tires screeching and leaving a cloud of dust as he turns onto it and speeds away.
The opera concludes with Sherlock sitting on John’s lap, his arms around his neck as John wipes up the last traces of their adventure with his handkerchief. John nudges him, and they rise for the standing ovation offered to the lead tenor and soprano. They check one another for the state of their clothing. The front of Sherlock’s shirt is cold and wet with semen and he shivers as he tucks it into his pants and buttons the jacket to hide it. John sends a couple of texts so that they can meet up with Gary and Billy and Irene and Kate. The audience is cheerful and noisy as they exit. Again, they see Gary over the rest of the crowd as they make their way through the lobby.
“We have a birthday present for you,” Billy says.
A firm hand on his hip keeps him from thrusting again, and John switches from deep-throating to licking and lightly sucking just the head of his cock, and it’s driving him mad.
“I’ll think about it.”
********
John huffs out a sad, little laugh. “Me neither.”
“Graduation is in a few weeks,” Sherlock begins, hesitantly.
“Excuse me, what?” John said.
John’s face is serious. “Yes. I am, but not tonight. You aren’t in the right frame of mind.”
“I want pain, Sir. And I want you to give it to me.”
He took down a dusty box from the top shelf and dumped it onto the bed. Out tumbled seldom used clothing and things that he couldn’t bring himself to throw out or that he just hadn’t found a place for yet. His Military Cross, his army pistol, a folding knife with a five-inch blade he forgot he even owned, a threadbare stuffed dog from his childhood. And there were his swimming trunks—light blue with a bold orange stripe. He thought about how he would look in them. They would still fit. He self-consciously touched his stomach. He wasn’t as lean as the last time he had worn them, on a trip to the beach soon after returning from the Gulf, but he jogged and went to the gym regularly, and his thirty-two-year-old physique would still turn some heads.
“...he really took care of me in there and now John’s helping him out a little.”
“And now let’s all enjoy the fireworks!” exclaims John, stepping down from the coffee table as the first booms sound. As the guests move toward the windows and onto the balcony, John gestures for Sherlock and leads him to an open spot near the glass. Red light blooms in the sky, huge and sparkling, and it seems like it’s right outside the condo.
He thinks he’s ready for it, but the first blow still takes Sherlock’s breath away. He is so preoccupied, trying to process the impact, he doesn’t realize how much time has gone by until John says, in a low, chill-inducing voice, “What did you forget?”
“Oh, I know you could. It’d probably take you a whole five minutes. I’ll teach you.”
A kind of calm settles over Sherlock at these words, and he says, “Green.”
“Sweet, sweet boy. My beautiful boy, I want you so much.” Sherlock feels John hard against his ass, sliding against his oil-slicked skin. Alarm bells start to go off in his head, but before he can say anything John is moving down his body, planting kisses as he goes. On his shoulder blades, along his spine. He kisses each ass cheek and then flicks his tongue between them.
The two men are staring at each other when the curtain opens.
but still sees his hand reaching for the razor. He shaves the stubble off, roughly and too quickly, nicking himself in several spots. He dresses, looking longingly at the bed, sorely tempted to crawl in and burrow down under until John gets home. His phone buzzes and startles him out of the thought. He picks it up quickly, hoping it’s John, but is disappointed.
Sherlock feels the blood rush right back up to his cheeks, and John wipes his hand over his forehead and down over his eyes. “Kate—”
“I’ll think about it,” he says as he waves goodbye. Who knows? He might even enjoy it.
“Aren’t you going to eat?”
Sherlock rips the paper from the book. It’s a green hardcover. Old and faded. He turns it to look at the spine where, in gold lettering, it says
meet me, and that’s all that matters, yeah? You’ve changed. You’ve gotten stronger. You'll make the right choice about how to spend it when the time comes. Right now, you can just let the bonds earn interest and hold onto the book.”
“For falling asleep and…drooling,” Sherlock says, wiping his chin and John’s chest with his hand.
John doesn’t ask about him but says, “I’m sure I will too.”
“Please, Sir?”
Sherlock settled back onto what felt like a soft bed of pine needles, and John pulled the blanket up to his chin.
He showers. After the luxury of John’s guest bath, the tiny bathroom he shares with his dad seems grungy and cramped. The small shower head is encrusted with lime, and the grout between the wall tiles is stained, with black mold spotting the corners where the wall meets the tub.
“You…like it?”
Without hesitation, Sherlock shrugs off his robe and drops his boxers to the floor. Obedience to John’s commands is becoming more and more automatic.
When he’s done, slumped in the chair with his hand over his face, trying to pretend that the deputy who just witnessed his breakdown isn’t sitting three feet from him, he waits for his brother’s reaction.
“Um, it’s been an hour and…”
There is a quiet, heavy moment, and Martin claps his hands twice. “Enough! The past is for remembering and the present is for the living. Let’s get you fitted, young man. You are going to look spectacular in this tuxedo. But I’m not allowed to tell what it’s for.” He grins, enjoying being in on the secret. And he’s right. Sherlock does look spectacular. The satin lapels set off his pale skin, and the stripes running up his legs make them look endless. When Martin finishes tying his bowtie, he and Molly stand silently and look.
“Color?” John says.
“Yeah, he mentioned something about an accident, but we didn’t get a chance to discuss it. He took the pills…”
“It’s not playing! He’s not using me!”
” But what caught John’s eye was the cover. On it was a waist-up photo of Sherlock, wearing a dark suit, no tie, with arms crossed, and staring into the camera with a look of unmistakable arrogance. Like he knew something you didn’t and couldn’t wait to tell you so. He looked incredibly sexy. Beneath him were the words “An Interview with Physics Phenom Sherlock Holmes.”
“No…I’m just about to. I…wanted to talk to you first. You’re family. She’s…not family yet.”
“No, Sir.” This isn’t exactly true, but the pain isn’t the thing. The pain is just fine, actually. The thing is, he can’t get enough of this. He wants to feel John’s hands, rough and demanding, on his body, and his cock as deep as it will go. And then deeper still. He’ll take everything and still want more. “I...this...so good. Don’t stop. Please.”
“Me too.”
John chuckles breathlessly and says, “Never mind. Roll over again. I don’t want that come leaking out of you before I get the plug in.”
Obediently, Sherlock places his hand on the table and sneaks a look at John. His lips are parted slightly, and his cheeks are flushed. Whether from the wine or the stimulation, it’s hard to tell. Sherlock moves his hidden hand a little faster and looks back at the room. The birthday party has disbanded, and the last guests are saying their goodbyes. One of the women glances toward their table, and when she sees Sherlock’s shoulder moving rhythmically, her eyes narrow. He blushes, horrified, and is relieved when a man calls to her from across the room, and she turns away.
“Words, Sherlock, is your cock slick now?”
“No,” whispers John. I just want to hold you. Feel you breathe. Go to sleep.”
John’s expression looks as if he’s caught between continuing the lecture and the thought of inflicting “consequences” on Sherlock’s ass. John shakes his head again. “Oh, my sweet boy,” he murmurs, before taking a deep breath.
And at that moment he feels a hand on his shoulder, and he jumps at the unexpectedness of it.
“Let me see those fingers.”
********
The coldness in his chest flows downward into his gut.
The meal continues uneventfully after that, Angelo bringing the eggplant and a plate of pasta, John filling Sherlock’s plate, eating dessert, talking. Sherlock’s cock has calmed down, and he realizes he’s had a good time. Good, as in interesting and fun. He learns that John is a surgeon who lives in London and visits Ohio most summers to work and teach at the OSU medical school. This summer, he is lecturing on a heart valve replacement technique he has developed. Sherlock learns that he was correct in guessing that John had been in the military. An army doctor in Afghanistan. He finds himself wondering if John still has his uniform and how he might look in it.
He’s seen worse, Sherlock realised. Then John’s eyes shifted, and Sherlock met them for the first time, but only for a split second before looking away again. But it was enough to tell Sherlock that John intended to fight. If not for Sherlock, then at least for himself and the others.
“I hate him,” John says. “I hate that he did this to you. I wish he were alive so I could kill him myself. I’d make it slow and painful…Oh, Sherlock, your poor, beautiful back…" With his hand still on Sherlock’s buttock, John kisses the scar that runs almost horizontally across Sherlock’s back and around his side.”
W:  I’d like you to do something for me in addition to the list. Consider it a test, a dry run to see how well you follow my instructions. No SparkNotes for your lit final. Read the books. Taking shortcuts is a bad habit.
“Sit. You’re too tall for me,” John says, after a moment, and Sherlock sits on the bench.
John waits with eyebrows raised. Sherlock’s eyes dart back and forth, looking at the floor and the sky and his hands, anywhere but John.
He examined himself in the mirror critically. “Ridiculous,” he muttered. He put on his dressing-gown and taking a deep breath, walked into the sitting room.
Sherlock’s eyes grow wide. Auschwitz was a faraway place to be read about in books, a question on an exam. Not a thing that touches the present or his life.
credits roll. “They killed off half the planet! Spiderman! Dr Strange! And Loki’s dead too! That’s fuckin’ harsh, man.”
“John, marry me.”
“Nice!” Sherlock says, then, jumping up, he grabs a magazine from the table, rolls it, and then brandishes it at John like a sword. “My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.”
John knelt by Stamford, who was beginning to hyperventilate.
“Tell me about it.” He sighs deeply. “I was just getting to Pete.” Sherlock points to a green sticky note. “He didn’t know that I got the lab job, and I know Myc would’ve made sure he kept his mouth shut about me. He’s
“He'll be needing more suits, Martin," John says. "He has several events coming up, some interviews, and I want him in something different each time. Keep a tuxedo in mind as well.”
“So, what do we do now?” Stamford asked.
MH:  Can’t today. I volunteer at the rescue shelter on Sundays. Tomorrow after work? I’m off at 2.
but Sherlock is tingling with excitement about being able to see him this morning. He’s looking forward to seeing Mr. Greenfield too. As he thinks about this, he remembers that he hasn’t called Myc. The tailor had asked about Myc on Monday, reminded Sherlock that he had promised to talk to him.
“John!” Sherlock groans in frustration, pulling at his bindings and twisting his hips.
Sherlock shrugs. “It’s just a literature class—”
His eyes immediately find John, seated on the sofa with a drink in his hand. He’s wearing khakis with a navy polo shirt, and his feet are bare, as usual. His face splits in a broad smile when he sees Sherlock.
“Slow down Sherlock, you won't come yet and that’s an order. I want to be inside you.”
“Oh shit.” Sherlock steps away and looks down in dismay at his wet underwear, then at John. “I’m so sorry.” His cheeks burn with embarrassment.
John pours wine into Sherlock’s glass.
“Well, it’s not like I’m some kind of expert!”
Sherlock turns to look at the bunks, then at Wig, who says, “Newbies get the top bunk. That’s the rule.”
Sherlock moans and twists his hips, driving his leaking cock into the mattress. John doesn’t stop. He pulls the cheeks apart with his hands and bites one of them. Sherlock cries out, more in surprise than pain.
John bolted up the seventeen steps to the flat two at a time. He flung open the door and saw Sherlock standing in the middle of the room. For a split-second, he forgot to be utterly furious as he stared at his gorgeous genius of a boyfriend standing there in just those lacy bee knickers. The split-second passed, and his fury returned.
“Watch it,” John warns from the passenger seat.
Sherlock said nothing but placed a sweaty hand palm up on the armrest between them. Without hesitation, John took it. The plane pitched and rolled, and each time there was a drop, Sherlock squeezed John’s fingers so hard they hurt. But John didn’t complain.
He sat heavily down into the seat.
“Wow. She was planning for your future from the beginning. She managed to put quite a bit aside, too, considering your circumstances.”
“Not nearly enough John, tell me again,” Sherlock said, not missing a beat.
“No.”
“I think I’ll just look for a minute,” the man says.
But if Mycroft Holmes wasn’t a part of the plot and he wasn’t with the hostages, chances are he was dead. John knew this. Sherlock, brilliant as he was, must have known this too, and so John said nothing.
fucking birthday, after all, and to Sherlock Holmes.”
“Harder, please, just a little harder.”
“Riding crops,” the man says in a British accent, unusual in this rural Ohio setting.
“I told you I’m sorry!”
“Agreed.”
John stared at the photos. Too many choices. This wedding planning was beginning to feel suffocating. Overwhelming. And he didn’t bloody care about the flowers.
“Shit.” He ran a hand through his hair. It was six p.m. in London, and she’d be home from work by now. He should call her. He needed to call her. What had Harry said? Maybe he should call her first and find out. But no. He was too furious. He’d say something awful, and they wouldn’t talk again for another three years. He took a deep breath, punched the call back button, then waited with dread.
He looks at Myc, frantic and confused. “It wasn’t him. Whoever it was, said thirty? Thirsty? Thursday’s collar?”
“May I call you Sherlock?”
“Good morning, beautiful.” John sits on the edge of the bed and musses his already mussed hair. “Sorry to wake you, but I didn’t want to leave without saying goodbye or checking your stripes.”
Sherlock was so goddamn perceptive! John was silent as he considered his response, but before he could say anything, Sherlock continued, his words coming out in a rush.
JW:     Perfect then.
John tried to sleep but couldn’t. He thought he recognised the look on Sherlock’s face. Disappointment. Disappointment that John had a fiancée. Was Sherlock interested in him? The thought tickled the edges of John’s brain, and he began to consider the possibilities. They would be in Boston together, and Mary was an ocean away.
“Certainly.” She reached between them, and after about thirty seconds of unscrewing and tugging, it was gone.
“Mmm. Better,” John says.
The red-headed custodian, Jay Wilson was inspired by Jabez Wilson of Doyle's The Red-Headed League (although the canon character was not a villain).
“Embarrassed about what? Having insight? Responding to your emotions? Crying means you have feelings. It means that things are important to you. And maybe it’s a sign that you’re loosening up. And if you feel bad about it, it’s because somewhere along the line you’ve gotten the message that that’s not what real men do, and that is complete bullshit. Crying’s got nothing to do with age or masculinity.”
“I’m Martha Hudson,” Martha said. I live in Florida. My husband was on a business trip, and I was travelling with him. And now he’s dead. I hope this wasn’t because of him, but I wouldn’t be surprised. His business isn’t a hundred per cent legitimate."
“Pete! Pete, listen to me, OK? Just give me a few minutes. Please. Have I ever done you wrong?”
He usually likes to play outside on the balcony, but it’s too hot on Monday afternoon, and so he’s on the sofa with his guitar. He has Dr. Hunter’s notepad beside him and a pencil behind his ear. Not the rubber one. He left that one behind in the cell, not wanting reminders of the awful place. But he’d kept the notepad. The scrawled words that poured out of him when he was full of pain and despair, in the bunk above Wiggy, deserve to be put to music he thinks. Maybe the doubts and angst will flow out as his fingers move over the strings, giving them voice. A purge. It’s not so different from when John whipped him and his cries carried away the pain, both physical and emotional, leaving him cleansed and unburdened.
“That guy with the cap pulled low on his head? Cop. He keeps reaching for a holster that isn’t there and he can’t help looking at everyone in the crowd. And those shoes? Only cops. The skinny guy behind him is staying behind him because he knows he’s a cop and the way he keeps wiping his nose, with his sleeve? He’s amped up too high to realize he should drop back to get away from the cop, but he doesn’t want to lose sight of him, so paranoia means it’s either coke or poppers. Poppers don’t last that long, so probably coke.”
John bends and places a kiss on Sherlock’s wet lips and licks up a few stray drops before saying, “I should really check your sunburn. What kind of a doctor lets his boyfriend go without sunscreen? I don’t know what I was thinking.” There is no one in sight, and Sherlock doesn’t protest as John pulls the T-shirt over his head. There is just enough light from the setting sun and the lights along the nearby path for John to inspect the skin on his shoulders and back.
Here, where the light was better, John could see Sherlock more clearly. While it was undoubtedly painful and resulted in a lot of blood, the head wound was probably superficial, but he could have a concussion. It was the deep bruises on Sherlocks’ torso and lower back that really concerned him. And if they were going to leave this building, and that was the plan. John needed to find him some clothes. He had a thin blanket in the duffel, but that might not be enough once they got outside.
Molly bites her lip, pauses, then presses on. “Are you OK, Sherlock? I mean, like, are you safe?”
“I’m sorry, Sir,” Sherlock says, as a wave of nausea washes over him.
The plane lurched and bumped, and although they were on the ground, John wondered if the rough ride was giving Sherlock another panic attack. He had been taken into the first class cabin, and John didn’t know if he was even alive. He prayed that he was. Sherlock had been sort of a prick, but John didn’t want him hurt. Despite the fact that he’d only known him for a few hours, he felt drawn to him. It was like Sherlock had a gravitational field that was pulling John in against his will.
“No, Sir. Not old. And I'll never be able to do one hundred.”
Sherlock stared at Moriarty with horror that he couldn’t hide.
“That’s it. Very good.”
“Sometimes.”
“Add one to your tally and open your mouth.”
look for them. If he did, he was sure that Moriarty would see his feelings, and that would be the end of John.
John walks over to the bed and rummages in the night table while Sherlock slides his briefs off, stretches out on the floor, gets his hands under his shoulders, and rises up on his toes. John returns and Sherlock hears the familiar sound of the lube cap snapping open. He turns to see John lying down on the floor next to him, his palm full of the slightly green, sour apple smelling substance, Sherlock’s favorite of their flavored lubes.
“I’ll need to think about this.”
John breaks the silence. “I know what you’ve been told, what you’ve heard all these years. I hope you realize it’s all nonsense. Being a so-called ‘real man’ has nothing to do with the kind of sex you like.”
“I’m gonna put you on speaker, I’m with John. He’s forcing me to eat kale. Cruel and unusual punishment.” He sticks his tongue out, and John holds up his index finger, then points toward the whiteboard. Sherlock opens his mouth in mock outrage, and John smiles at him, shaking his head.
Sherlock realizes that he has an erection and that John must have felt it pressed against his hip.
“But why ‘Sherlock’?”
He hands her the note. “I’m sorry I worried you,” he begins, lamely.
to hear it. I’d rather you say it out loud instead of just looking at us like we’re…freaks. Then I can explain to you how wrong you are.” Despite his best efforts, his breath is coming faster, and his hands are clenched at his sides. “He’s a doctor. He saves people’s lives. He’s the best... you don’t know him. You don’t know
“Sherlock Holmes?”
“What?” Sherlock stops on the sidewalk abruptly and almost causes a pile-up. John gives him a quizzical look, and he shrugs in reply and resumes walking, putting his finger in his other ear to keep out the noise of the crowd.
“Not really, I mean not more than when I’m
“Anything," Sherlock repeated.
There was another pink box on the bedside table. While still lying in bed, Sherlock pulled off the bow and opened the box. Inside the tissue paper was another pair of knickers. These were made of simple white cotton, trimmed with delicate white lace and covered with tiny bees. One side of Sherlock’s mouth turned up in a lopsided grin. John knew that Sherlock had an affection for bees. He dangled them above his face, then rubbed the soft material against his cheek. As he did so, he noticed the other item on the table that hadn't been there the night before. A buttplug. One of their larger ones. There wasn't a note this morning, but it was crystal clear what the instructions were. Put on the knickers, slip in the plug, follow orders, and if you're good, you'll be rewarded.
“What did I tell you?”
Thank you, John.
“I wrote the lyrics in jail,” he says. “Well, the first draft, that is. I was pretty miserable and thought I’d never see you again. They were darker—then. But I’ve changed them up a little. Remember that first time I played for you?
Rule number six is particularly difficult to follow that evening.
“I’ve just been in touch with Agent Lestrade, and from what he told me, you went beyond the call of duty, so to speak, and for that, I’m profoundly grateful.”
While they refused to share any details of what had happened to Moriarty or how Mycroft Holmes was involved, they did confirm that as he and Sherlock had surmised, they had been held on an island. A private one about thirty miles off the coast of southern Maine. To John’s great relief, the other captives had also been rescued and were unharmed. Mycroft was also safe.
“Excuse me, what?”
“OK, good. Perfect,” John says, and Sherlock thinks he can see apprehension on his face. His brows have that little furrow between them even though he’s smiling. Then, it dawns on him that this might be uncharted territory for John too. “Will I be your first? If I say yes, that is?”
John sighed, and sent the text. With Sherlock, you had to pick your battles. John had won some, lost some, and some had ended in a draw. For example, the battle of the jumpers. When John moved into Sherlock's bedroom and they began to share wardrobe and drawer space, Sherlock had asked John to get rid of his bulky, and what he termed "hideous," jumpers. John had put his foot down. He loved his soft warm jumpers. Sherlock sulked and huffed, and finally, John had moved his clothing back to the upstairs bedroom. Now he tramped up the stairs every morning to dress, but the compromise had been worth it.
********
John has him clean the kitchen after dinner, and they write up a schedule for the week, including the chores he’s responsible for each day. Sherlock reminds him that he’s scheduled to work this week.
“That it was Dr. Sawyer?” Sherlock says.
“Not a good idea, adding to your tally at the moment. You’re in enough trouble as it is.” John rustles around before settling between Sherlock’s legs again. “Let’s see.”
Sherlock feels John settle between his legs. “Lift your hips.” Sherlock does, and John slips a pillow beneath him, then pushes on the backs of his thighs so that his feet are suspended in the air. Once positioned, John laps at his balls and kisses his perineum.
“Well, we were all assuming that it was a guy. Balance of probability, I guess, but I didn’t rule out a woman. We didn’t have all the facts you see, so that possibility had to be on the table. I was pretty sure that our redheaded courier worked at the hospital, because of the locker. Likely a custodial supervisor - because they have keys. Simplest answer is usually the best. But it did seem unlikely he’d be able to get his hands on any drugs by himself because they keep that stuff so secure. So it had to be a doctor, nurse or someone else with access to them. Our Mark Twain. To be honest, Jim Moriarty was at the top of my list. This morning I went to the hospital website and looked through the directory to get more information on him. I didn’t find out much, but it has pictures and short bios of all the docs.” Sherlock retrieves his laptop from the floor and brings it to the breakfast bar. John and Wiggy watch as he pulls up a webpage. “See? There’s Dr. Sawyer.” John and Wiggy lean in and look at the headshot of the pretty smiling woman. Underneath is her name.
The sound of John’s zipper makes a faint “zzz” as Sherlock lowers it. Just as he’s working the growing erection out of the boxers and through the open fly, Angelo re-appears.
John kneels and cuffs each ankle, then spreads his legs and attaches them to the door frame as well. Now he is spread-eagled in the open doorway, completely helpless and at John’s mercy, but he’s surprisingly calm. Almost serene.
They stayed that way for a few moments until the worst of Sherlock’s pain had passed. And then Sherlock sat up again, blowing out a few breaths. He held out his hand and stared hard at the ruined fingers.
“Lie down on your stomach, sweet boy, and spread your legs.”
John hesitated. He honestly didn’t know why he was resisting. She was right; between them, they were paying two rents when they could be paying one. After all, they would be spending the rest of their lives together, so what were five more months?
“So, I guess I’ll have to send back the assless leather pants and diamond-studded leash I bought…”
“Like a way to get back at me for not giving you what you wanted.”
“Yeah. Listen. I need you to leave a note in case he comes back. Then drive over to his father’s house.”
“Um. OK. Are you married now?”
“You’ve written that excellent essay and you’ve made me breakfast. Perhaps I should just erase the board and call us even.”
“Two hundred and sixty-eight.” I looked.
JW:    See you at 4. Can’t wait.
SH:    I messed up.
“Yes, Sir. I do.”
“A contract. I want you to read it carefully and call me if you have any questions. I’d like to see you again next Saturday if you’re still on board.”
“But could you maybe cool it with the ‘idiot’ business?” John said.
“Beefy?” Donovan said, confused.
“We are…involved.”
He’s already apologizing as he slides into the back seat. “Sorry I’m late, I, um…” Greg raises his eyebrows at him in the rearview mirror and pointedly raises his watch.
John ran a hand self-consciously through his hair. He was wearing the same clothes he’d had on during the hijacking—except for the underwear he’d given to Sherlock, and he hadn’t combed his hair. Thankfully, Agent Donovan had had a spare toothbrush in her desk, and he’d been able to clean his teeth.
“Do you think you can walk?” John asked.
“I’m horny!”
“I know it’s difficult, but you’ll want to relax as much as you can. I’m going to give you a warm-up with my hand, so you won’t have to worry about bruising as much, and relaxing will help.” He places a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back, and it eases his anxiety a bit. He feels more grounded and secure. “Deep breaths. What’s your color?”
; he isn’t a hundred percent sure he wants to do it...but his dick seems to have no such qualms; it’s still hard. And dripping. He takes hold of it and shuffles forward. With one hand on John’s hip, he slides it up and down between John’s butt-cheeks. He’s seen this move in several videos.
“I’ve never been.”
“Oh, I don’t know? Maybe
“Oww!” Anderson cried.
. He opens his eyes, gradually remembering where he is and notices that the sun is low in the sky outside the wall of windows. Without thinking, he stretches his arms above his head and arches his back. “Ow!”
“I’ll stay, Martha said. I’ll help.”
“Anyway, like I said, I wasn’t functioning too well, and I couldn’t help with the packing and...I swear to god, Sherlock, I forgot all about it. Those last few weeks before she died, I wasn’t thinking about anything but losing her, and so much of the weeks after...is—was just...erased from my mind. Including the box. Until that day. Your graduation. That was rock bottom, Sherlock; what I did—” He chokes up completely this time and turns from them until he regains his composure. “I was so ashamed of what I did and how I screwed up all these years and how she would have...I thought of how much I missed her, how she would have wanted to be there, and all of a sudden I remembered. It just came to me like that after all these years. I remembered the box. Your box. From her.”
“I just thought I’d check up on you. You know, make sure you’re coming this weekend. To graduation. And, also, to invite you to my party tomorrow—there’s gonna be a bonfire.”
“Will, I was going to say something—tell you I knew who you were,” John said. “Honestly, I was. I was just waiting for the right time. It’s just that with all that’s happened…and I was pretty surprised you’d kept that picture. I couldn’t figure out why you had it with you. And what that might mean. I understand why you’d have a picture of your sister; you were so devoted to her. But
He tries Molly, but she doesn’t answer.
“Relax,” whispers John against his dick, and he tries to obey.
John closes the distance between them and kisses him fiercely. Sherlock melts against him and lets John’s tongue explore his mouth. He feels a hand on his crotch, squeezing.
“Yes, Sir. I’ll text you. Before class.” He checks the clock again and scrubs his face. He’s going to have to hurry.
“That’s it, sweet boy, let me hear you.” John pumps his finger in and out and Sherlock continues to sigh with pleasure. “Only for me. I’m the only one who gets to hear you. Nobody else gets to see you spread out like this. You take it only from me. Say it.”
“Without casualties?” Sherlock said incredulously.  “I assure you, if this were in the wrong hands, it would result in casualties.” He turned to Mycroft. “I trusted you! I trusted you to help me keep it out of the wrong hands! You…bastard!”
“So. I guess you know about...our...relationship?”
“Please!” John repeated. “I’m a doctor. Can we get some paracetamol and a few more blankets?” The plan was to generate a response that would lure what he guessed was a skeleton crew of overnight guards to the room, without having them feel the need to wake up the whole lot, including Moriarty. And they didn’t even know how many there were. He hoped there were just the four they had seen.
Sherlock asks in a small voice, “Can I get dressed now? Sir?”
He thinks. Carefully. About how he feels when he’s with John. When he’s not with him. When he’s about to be with him. No one has ever made him feel safer. Not Victor, not even his mother. He’s more careful about Sherlock’s safety than Sherlock’s been for his own. Then he thinks about Mike. And Martin. Then he looks at Molly.
“I like the meat, but not together with the melon.”
but nothing comes out, and John quirks his lip in half a smile. When Sherlock returns the handshake, John rubs his thumb over his wrist, gently. Then he turns and walks toward the parking lot. Sherlock stands rubbing his wrist, his mouth still open.
He watches them go, hands still balled into fists so tight that his nails dig into his palms.
"I'm not gay," Victor said finally, after they had cleaned themselves and were cocooned in their separate sleeping bags.
Sherlock nods in acknowledgment, but it isn’t enough for John.
Sherlock doesn’t need to ask what John means.
John murmurs in his ear, “There we are. How do you feel? Color?”
When they get back, they have a few more drinks and begin to say their goodbyes, thanking Ms. Hudson and Marie, collecting their things, giving hugs all around. Gary and Billy ask about his upcoming birthday, and John tells them that they should be expecting invitations. Sherlock looks at him curiously, but before he can ask a question, he feels a tap on his shoulder and turns with a smile to see Molly. The smile fades at the sight of Jim next to her. He tugs on John’s sleeve and the man mimics Sherlock’s reaction precisely. Molly senses something’s not quite right as she looks between them, but speaks in her usual cheerful voice. “I forgot to mention that Jim and I were meeting up. We’re going to rent kayaks and then get something to eat.”
