Only now did John notice that a pesky “for a bloke” followed after every little thing he thought about Sherlock. He grimaced at the realisation.
John couldn't help it again, he leaned to Sherlock, who just frowned a bit and waited for John; who observed his face for a couple of seconds. He was fascinated once more with those eyes, those lips, that skin, the faint morning stubble on his chin and jaw, those manly features, reminding him of his previous thoughts.
“No, thanks, I have Celia waiting in the car.”
Sherlock did a little gesture with the corner of his lips and fixed his eyes on the menu again.
Sherlock couldn't think much about it, he focused only on the calm he was feeling inside his chest and mind. His arms were immediately around John; he felt the doctor hugging him back, tightly.
John took the phone and walked to the kitchen with the paper in his hand. Sherlock heard how John gave him the instructions and he also asked about Armand and Xavier for some reason. The detective tried to move himself from the sofa but he felt weak. It was as if all of his strength had decided to go away. He eyed around the flat and saw the stack of psychology books he had left next to his armchair. He recognized his body reactions as the drugs were slowly fading from his system. Uncontrollable shudders ran up his spine and he found himself shivering.
Sherlock absently rubbed his eyes. "I know." He stated. Amusement still evident in his voice. His lips remained curved in a smile as he watched John type something on his laptop. Then the doctor clicked loudly on the touch-pad, letting Sherlock know the entry was posted.
Still chuckling uncontrollably, Lestrade placed the phone over the night stand –recording everything – and took John's arm to help him on his feet.
“She needs to orgasm.”
It wasn’t a lie. He hadn’t but then, how could he possibly explain his own excitement? Had he ever felt shaken in the presence of another man the way he had been with Sherlock? It was tough to admit to himself how this time and all of the massages before hadn’t even been the first time he had been in such a state because of his friend.
Sherlock swallowed a sudden lump in his throat. John was not leaving him alone and suddenly the feelings of the doctor, the security of those eyes was overwhelming, just as he had experienced earlier this evening. A moment he was desperate, the mere thought of John doubting him had made him lose control, to shout, to hit the desk with one, desperate yell
reading his mind because when he wanted Sherlock to let himself go, Sherlock’s teeth were scraping his neck with a growl so primal and his hands pressing his hips so hard, he had to support himself with a hand against the door not to fall. When he was thinking of how Sherlock was taller than he was, Sherlock opened his legs wider, his knees bending and moving his shoulder below John’s arm against the door, leaving them almost eye to eye.
"And of course, my brother already knows that."
Sherlock’s body went taught as a bow and his hips thrust two or three times against John’s while one of his hands roamed up to John’s neck, tender fingers massaging his skull, the other frantically going to John’s arse, pressing their groins together hard, encouraging John to keep moving.
“The masks were too late for me.”
done. I was tickled by Sherlock Holmes." He said opening his eyes and taking in the expression in Sherlock's face; it was a calmed expression, his eyes were smiling at him.
” to each other (which John found odd at first, now
Molly didn't pay attention to the conversation; she concentrated on Sherlock once again. The way his long fingers held his phone and how little the device looked in his hand, how his lips moved again, the gestures he made as he spoke, the frowns and the way his eyebrows responded to everything, that amazing voice... Molly felt her cheeks growing hot again. Just at that moment, the waiter arrived and placed their orders on the table.
John sighed at the other end of the phone, "Who knows..."
"No. Sherlock, I wasn't analyzing my... No... No."
The flat remained silent. Sherlock hung up and eyed down to his own body. He was naked, and cold.
And perhaps the lasts psychology books Sherlock had been reading. It could lead to... something, anything.
"Hm?"
the same thing,” Sherlock pointed out and John cleared his throat in the background.
"Sherlock..." He removed his hand from the spot. Sherlock never took his eyes off him. "Sorry, Sherlock... I..." He sighed and looked down to his knees, "I don't know what to do." He said sincerely.
He moved a finger outside his entrance the same way Sherlock had done it, the tip of his finger entered a little and he clenched his teeth, it wasn't so bad, the soap and the water were helping a lot to do this smoothly.
“Sex-spa,” Martin replied and Sherlock smirked at the deduction. “It’s quite obvious if we look much into it. Even if it’s not the main course of
Again, thank you, guys.
"Sherlock, please. You already called me like that for a while, no need to change it according to the context of the conversation."
Lestrade sat at his desk, Donovan was leaning against the door of the DI's office, Sherlock talked and gestured dramatically as he paced around and John was leaning against a wall, arms crossed over his chest. It was a typical scene at Lestrade's office after a case was solved.
“Google!” Sherlock shouted, closing the door of his room with his foot.
“Hang on,” John said, walking to the table and picking up a glass of water and a small white pill, Sherlock lifted one eyebrow and put his arms down. “Here, take this… it will help with the swelling that’s not there and make you as good as new,” John explained with a wink, “As good as new as a well-placed candy can make you, anyway. Careful with the mint.”
He was in his mind palace.
. But John paid a little more of attention, and he saw Armand's pitiable state.
Sherlock's moans and growls were really driving John mad. He was stroking Sherlock and Sherlock was stroking him back. The place was filled with wet sounds, loud breathing. His own breathing combined with Sherlock's resonated in the room. Sherlock's eyes were closed and he had a constant frown, similar to the one he had being inside his mind's palace. John couldn't part his eyes from the other's face.
"And...! Five missed calls." John chuckled shortly and Sherlock smiled widely.
He smiled again. He was actually surprised how those two times with Sherlock had no comparison with any other partner he'd ever had in bed. And he laughed a bit thinking how they ended
Sometimes he detested it. He wanted Sherlock to be his old self, leaving John the responsibility of being the well-behaved of the duo. Now that Sherlock was the one in focus, where did that leave him? Two years – almost three – of a life without Mary and he was still self-loathing. He wondered if people noticed how infuriated he was with himself at times, even if he tried to hide it. The last two years he had been generally happy, and therapy helped him a lot, but every few times there was a case, a woman, a colleague, Sherlock’s odd behaviour that
John calmly went to get the first aid kit to the bathroom when he saw Sherlock opening his shirt and shrugging only his injured arm out of it. He observed how the detective undid the poor bandage he had done and smiled fondly at the precarious work.
"I'm really flattered by your hospitality... I don't know what to say..." Armand said as John finished checking the injury, "but I don't want to impose... you've been very kind, Dr. Watson, Mr. Holmes..."
John shook his jacket a bit and glared at Sherlock, who was already a few metres away. John had to jog again to catch him.
But other part of his brain of course, noticed that wasn't feeling the same repulsion towards sexual sensations, like a few months ago. In fact, now his body welcomed the feeling, the intimacy, there was a certain
An elbow collided softly with his ribs.  “You don’t have to be so nervous,” Molly told him when he looked up at her.
“Why are you trapping me here?” he asked bitterly.
John smiled softly over at them. “Well, neither do I.”
John raised his eyebrows, apparently unimpressed with that explanation.
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
encounter, but John certainly wasn’t going to complain if it was.
And then quite suddenly Sherlock had a difficult time thinking of anything at all.
Sherlock looked down into his tea. John hadn’t thought he was serious. John hadn’t considered about moving in with him. If John had wanted it, he would have thought about it, even if it hadn’t been an immediate possibility. Conclusion: John must not have wanted to move in with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
I don’t exactly have anything else on at
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
The reply came surprisingly quickly, as if SH had been crafting it since he had sent his first message.
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
I don’t know.
“Hey,” John said, smirking a bit, clearly knowing how good he looked. His hair was swooped off to one side in a way that it normally wasn’t, and it seemed to increase his overall appeal to a drastic degree. He had similarly chosen to wear a tight T-shirt and jeans, although his neckline was significantly higher than Sherlock’s, and his jeans were loose enough to give him room to maneuver—practical and yet devastatingly sexy.
“What happened?” Molly asked him, and Sherlock shook himself from his thoughts.
“What does that have to do with anything?” John asked. Granted, this was entirely new information, and it went against what John had assumed about Sherlock’s home life, but it still seemed to be an odd thing to bring up.
The team walked out from the nearby locker rooms at that point, led by their captain.  Had Sherlock not been so distracted by John, he might have noticed that Lestrade kept glancing up at the stands.  As it was, though, he couldn’t have been expected to pay attention to anyone else right then. John looked incredibly good in that uniform.  Too good. Sherlock felt a bit overheated again, though there was no faulty heating system he could blame right then.
Sherlock shot John an affronted look. “I do not.” He’d cleaned up for John. He’d styled his hair. He’d put on proper clothes.
They lapsed into a comfortable silence.  Sherlock found it difficult to eat with his stomach in knots, but he made an attempt all the same.  He actually managed to work through about half of his pasta, which was far more than he had expected to eat.  The entire time, John’s hand remained on his, and Sherlock tried to pretend that his palms were sweaty for an entirely different reason.  John only removed his hand when the bill arrived. He insisted on paying for Sherlock’s portion as well (“It wouldn’t be a proper date if I made you pay”), and Sherlock was so thrilled at the gesture that he didn’t bother to argue.
Right. That was perhaps the weirdest rejection he had ever faced. He was a bit peeved about it, actually. It would be one thing to be straightforward with him and admit to having lost interest, but it was an entirely different matter to pretend to be another person in order to turn him away.
Sherlock rolled his eyes again. “Yes, but we need to look appealing to the killer, and we can’t exactly manage that if we look like a couple rather than two single men on the prowl.” As much as he liked looking like a couple with John, and as much as he wanted other people to see them looking like a couple, he knew that the case would require that they separate from one another, at least until there was word on their man.
“Well, it was amazing.”
As expected, there was no reply immediately forthcoming. He had known that would be the case, but his heart was still hammering in his chest. This was a big risk, but the only other option was to not try talking to Sherlock again, and John found that he was really opposed to that possibility. He waited nearly an hour, just to be sure Sherlock wasn’t going to reply, before sending a follow-up message.
(See the end of the chapter for
His phone buzzed, telling him that he had a new text from Molly. Sherlock read it immediately, grateful for the distraction from his own bitter thoughts.
Subject: RE: You never do this
, he wrote back.
John didn’t look convinced. “Sure.” He tested out the draining capability of the sink and, satisfied, moved over to the kettle, which Sherlock had partially disassembled.
The stranger nodded, grinning at him again, and took a sip of his drink. “You know what I like already.”
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
John supposed that was a decent point. As far as he could tell, Sherlock’s teeth appeared similar to his own, and Sherlock’s abdomen was shaped in such a way as to indicate near-human digestion. “For all I know, you could just be imitating the way humans look in general,” he pointed out. Sherlock was, after all, still maintaining that pale skin tone that was entirely different than the one they had had at the beginning.
John rarely put very much effort into his dates. That was mainly because he was frankly never all that sold on his dates to begin with, and taking someone out was generally just a prelude to sex in his current stage of life. Most people his age, he’d decided, just weren’t captivating enough to make him want anything more than that.
I don't know when the next chapter will be up yet, but it should be within the week!
Subject: RE: You never do this
Subject: RE: You never do this
Really, John, how many people do you know these days that have butlers? And there was no maid in this case. Also, secret twins are never involved. Ever.
Sherlock perked up a bit. “Maybe we should.”
Sherlock beamed back at him and kissed him again, and it warmed John’s heart to see how free he was being with his emotions. Sherlock didn’t seem the sort to open up easily, but he’d apparently decided that John was worthy of seeing him without all of those layered, indifferent masks he usually wore.
John shook his head. Of course Sherlock would think an emotional reaction at a time like this would be odd. Sherlock probably didn’t feel anything at all at the prospect of leaving. “Nothing. Nothing at all,” he said.
With that, she left, and Wilkes stared after her for a moment before turning to glare over at Sherlock. “What did you have to do that for?” His voice was dripping venom.
“Yes, if you’re still up for it.”
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
“Put me down,” he demanded.
[4:46PM] And keep in mind that boyfriends don’t make bad promises to one another. JW
Sherlock couldn’t help the small smile that tugged up at his lips.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
The alien’s antennae twitched forward in John’s direction, but other than that, there was no indication that his words had even been heard.
When he arrived at the scene, there was already smoke billowing out of the second floor windows. It was pouring rain, and he deigned to think that perhaps the water would make the fire slower to progress. His coat and scarf were utterly soaked within seconds of arriving. No firefighters were on the scene yet, though Sherlock suspected that his cabbie was going to call it in. He didn’t wait around to confirm that, though. If the fire had just started, then it was entirely possible that the victim was still alive in there.
It was a heated thing, and it didn’t take long before Sherlock’s cock began to fill out once more. He let out a moan and rocked up against John, and, unable to wrap his legs around John’s waist as his instincts told him to do with the way John was straddling him, his moan turned into a whine.
. He paused his reading long enough to look up and ask, “What does your species call themselves?”
“Yes, yes, I’m sure,” he said hurriedly. “Just
The alien blinked guilelessly back at him, though that greenish glow reappeared in their skin. “I thought you might stop talking if I started to respond,” they said.
The owner of the shop approached him, and John prepared himself to be kicked out for loitering for too long. Instead, though, the man said, “¿Su nombre es John Watson?”
“I’ve got to get a book,” Sherlock told him, not making eye contact. He continued walking.
As soon as John was sure that Sherlock was satisfied, he sat up and started to stroke himself in earnest. “God, that was so hot,” he said. “You’re fucking amazing.”
His streak of deductions finally over, Sherlock suddenly became aware of the fact that John had moved right up to his side. He was glad he’d been too wrapped up to notice that earlier, or he never would have been able to focus long enough to get his observations out.
Sherlock glanced over at him briefly, distractedly, like they were wrapped up in something more interesting in their own mind. “Oh, no, it’s fine,” they said.
True to his word, John’s flat was only a short drive away from the party, and before he could really even process where they were, Sherlock was being led upstairs into the empty flat.  John’s flatmate was clearly out for the night.  They would be entirely alone.  But, no, nothing would happen.  He had tried to kiss John just moments before, and John had backed away rather than letting it happen.
know that?” He wondered briefly if Sherlock could read minds, and he felt a bit uneasy at the thought of Sherlock being able to know precisely how John thought of them.
John scribbled messily on the paper, nothing but squiggling lines in a vaguely circular shape. He continued to add detail, but the lines remained entirely inexplicable to Sherlock. Whatever it was, it certainly wasn’t as remarkably realistic as the one-third of a microscope that had come before it.
[3:27AM] I’m not having a panic attack. SH
John reread those words a few times, trying to work it out. He supposed he could see how it would be easy to infer that he’d been trying to pull someone new based on how the conversation had started, but there was one thing he didn’t quite understand.
“Are you the quiet type, then?” John the repairman asked. His tone was teasing, and Sherlock again was struck by how little he knew about navigating such situations.
In which John gets a second chance.
[27 August, 9:27AM] I’m sure you can, love. I’m ready to head over now. See you soon. JW
Contact: G(??) Lestrade
It started out slow and chaste, as if John knew that he would need time to adjust to the feeling. As soon as he got a bit more comfortable with the kiss, John’s tongue slipped out against his lips and worked its way into his mouth. The kiss still remained relatively slow and sweet until Sherlock heard one of them (him, most likely) making soft, needy sounds into it. After that, John didn’t seem to hold back any longer. He surged forward until Sherlock was sprawled out on his back on the sofa, John braced above him. Capable hands worked their way into Sherlock’s hair, alternating between tugging and petting in a way that made Sherlock glad he was already lying down. There was a heat building inside of him that seemed to correspond with the movement of John’s tongue against his. He was saved from having to figure out what to do with his hands when John reached down and pinned both his wrists above his head with one hand. God, John was good at this. Sherlock let out a high, desperate noise, and he rocked his hips up on instinct, startling another moan out of him when he pressed himself against John.
“So how long have you two been dating?” Murray asked Sherlock. “John’s been really private about you. It must be serious.” He winked, and John ducked his head down, mortified at Sherlock hearing that John thought this was serious.
“Oh, that’s very nice,” John said, now looking at the screen of Sherlock’s laptop. He turned his head to the side and kissed Sherlock’s temple. “This is shaping up to be a proper business.”
Sherlock flushed again and reached up to tug at the hem of the shirt John was wearing. “Take this off,” they said. “It’s only fair.”
“Well, it was
Subject: RE: You never do this
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
Sherlock felt a bit of panic settle in his stomach, but John didn’t appear to be scolding him for his own obviousness. Perhaps because they were both being sappy, John wasn’t going to be upset with him alone. Sherlock made a mental note to try not to be so obvious when they were out so as not to violate the rules of their relationship.
[4:44PM] Mm, and I’ll bet that three-minute delay was brought on by the fact that you were picturing it and got a little turned on yourself. JW
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to frown. “They don’t…you know? I don’t know. What don’t they do?”
I never had a ban on cases.  I just was temporarily occupied.
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Sparing Sebastian only a brief glance, Sherlock said, “Your girlfriend is cheating on you, and you had a sex dream last night about your best mate. Good day.”  He couldn’t quite verify that either claim was true, but the indignant sputtering he heard behind him suggested that he was right on at least one of those points.  Good. That ought to keep Seb off his back for a bit.
John raised his eyebrows and looked incredulously down at Sherlock. “How the hell did you manage that?” he asked. “You’ve only had probably two hours of wifi in the past two months, and now you’ve suddenly found us a discounted flat in central London?”
“Mind if I sit here?”
My love life is none of your concern.
Sherlock did like the joint ownership of the room that John seemed to imply, but he knew it was just an attempt to soothe him. John had never referred to it as such before. “Leave it to you to only use the proper fireman’s carry when you’re off-duty,” he muttered, crossing his arms where they were pressed up against John’s back.
And you like him?
Sherlock nodded. “Many others,” they repeated casually.
John laughed and walked up to him, pushing the hand holding his wallet down to his side. Sherlock was so distracted by their proximity and by that touch that he was unable to speak. “I don’t want your money, Sherlock Holmes,” John said in a voice that was slightly deeper than it had been before.
John nodded. “It doesn’t. Or, at least, it’s not supposed to. Now you see my concern. Somehow someone got the phone working again, and figured out all about me and my therapist back in London and that you’re living here.” He paused trying to impress upon Sherlock how serious this situation was. “He said he knew
Yes, fine.  I’ll bring him along on a case next time he’s back.  He’ll certainly be more useful than Anderson.
And she had been cute, but John’s interest in her had only ever been physical. It suddenly struck him that he had no idea what SH looked like. Didn’t even know the man’s real name. There was somehow a deeper connection there, and, Christ, he was getting to be sappy and romantic about someone he barely knew.
Sherlock studied the victim and stalked around the body in what he hoped was a sufficiently dramatic fashion. His coat flared out behind him, so that ought to make him look fairly mysterious in John’s eyes. “These aren’t random attacks,” he noted. “The killer seems to know the perfect time to break in. He calls them from a withheld number—taunts them. A true sadist.” Donovan muttered something under her breath, and although Sherlock faltered a moment, knowing what her comment had likely been, he almost immediately continued his spoken train of thought. “He develops a different method to end each victim. Strangulation with the first, bondage and suffocation with the second, stabbing, and now poisoning.” Sherlock knelt down by the body and picked up a limp hand. After a moment, he jumped back to his feet. “They’re meeting him at a bar.”
[1:31AM] How could you say that? That I’d ‘get over’ your death. Your
Subject: RE: You never do this
Sherlock scoffed.  Heartbroken.
He cursed himself for having been so distracted by watching John earlier. The man had clearly slipped something in his drink while he had been preoccupied, the remnants of what was probably flunitrazepam trapped on his sleeve in the process.
(See the end of the chapter for
Once they were alone again, John gently tugged Sherlock’s hands off of his face. “There you are,” he said.
Before this whole thing had begun, they had each written sixteen words on scraps of paper and dropped them into a black bowler hat Sherlock had acquired for a disguise somewhere along the line. John plucked a scrap of paper out now. He read the word on it and gave a hearty laugh. “Christ,” he muttered. “This is definitely one of the ones you wrote down.”
[1:05AM] You’re seriously bringing that up? That was three years ago, Sherlock. Three fucking years. And I made it up to you after the fact. Also, I wasn’t ashamed, so don’t try to make me into some sort of bad guy over this. JW
There was a paper he had to write for his organic chemistry class. Why organic chemistry was requiring papers to be written was beyond him.  All he knew was that he needed to get it done, and there was only one more source he required.  Unfortunately, as per his luck, he could only seem to get access to that source in the library.
Sherlock looked away to hide the ridiculous smile on his face. “Come on, then.”
John merely smiled at him and walked around the table so that they were toe-to-toe.  “Well, lucky for me, my boyfriend is a genius, and he can help me catch up on my studying later.” John was so close to him, their lips practically touching, despite the fact that the library was relatively crowded right then.  (It still surprised him every time John was openly affectionate with him in public like this, where anyone could see.)
When Sherlock was three years old, his parents brought home an Irish setter puppy.
He spared a brief moment to text Lestrade before he was dashing forward into the building, starting to cough almost immediately as he pushed through the thick cloud of smoke. He could feel it burning down his lungs, and he knew that he wouldn’t be able to last in that place for very long. The fire was still relatively small, but it was spreading fast. He could detect a faintly sweet smell in the air, and he knew enough to understand that there must have been an accelerant present. His eyes burned, but he forced himself to continue looking around. He wasn’t going to let this girl die on his account. No, he would get her out of this alive.
escaped his lips. John could feel it the moment he came, could feel the way Sherlock’s body tightened against his, the way his cock grew harder, the way his hips stuttered in their movements, thrusting faster and faster before stopping altogether with jittery over-stimulation. It was, as John had previously said, so fucking hot. He couldn’t hold himself back any longer. He flipped them over again, Sherlock now a boneless mess sprawled on his back, having just come in his pants because of a frotting session. John, kneeling next to Sherlock’s shoulder, unzipped his jeans and pulled them and his pants down just enough to take his cock in hand.
John’s lease was set to end on his bedsit within the next week, and although neither of them had really said as much aloud, it was clear that John was going to be moving in permanently. Sherlock couldn’t believe his luck.
Sherlock thought that last part might have been intended as a joke, but he hadn’t exactly been in the mood to laugh since John first left. He thought John might have been upset with him for that, but they were still holding hands, so he counted it as a success.
There were certainly a good number of people waiting for someone there, but not one of those people was John Watson. John likely would have been wearing his full military kit as well, so it wasn’t as if he’d be inconspicuous.
Sherlock looked away, and that was response enough, really.
[12:04AM] Wait, no it’s not. Our anniversary isn’t for another few weeks. JW
[7:19AM] I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry. SH
John was the first to get up, only having to pull his pants and jeans back into place to be finished dressing. Sherlock, on the other hand, rolled around on the bed for nearly fifteen minutes, claiming to be incapable of getting up. John couldn’t help but smile fondly at him. And when Sherlock finally did get up, he complained the entire time.
“Did that man just grope you?” John asked, his voice dangerous and low.
[4:44PM] God, you are such a horny man. SH
“In love with me, hm?” John said, and he was clearly aiming for a joking tone, but there was an undercurrent of concern that made the statement fall flat.
was an appealing idea.  Walking around with John’s mark still visible on his skin. A love-bite, far too high up to hide under the collar of his shirt.  He wondered if John had planned that.  Sherlock moaned at the thought.  He would look
It was another two minutes before John reemerged with Lestrade in tow. He immediately left Lestrade with Molly and stepped up to Sherlock’s side.
John pulled Sherlock by the arm until he got out of bed. “I have been shot, and let me tell you, you looked in worse shape than I ever was when recovering.”
[5:01PM] Touché, Mr. Holmes. JW
John smiled widely and nodded. “Yeah, definitely. I think you could really be good at that detective business.”
Immediately, he packed up his things and stood, ready to leave.
John moved to stand beside the armchair he favoured, on which they had placed a large notepad. He tore off the top sheet, crumpling up Sherlock’s remarkably accurate one-third of a microscope. “Well, you don’t get points for drawing,” he replied amiably. “You get points for guessing. If you weren’t so rubbish at that bit of this, too, I’d accuse you of drawing poorly on purpose to sabotage me.”
“How did you know about Harry?”  John looked intrigued.  His eyes were alight with
Sherlock laughed. “Wouldn’t want you to break your hand again,” he said.
Sherlock came first, as he almost always did. His lack of solid experience seemed to work against him that regard, but John had told him after their fifth time together that he thought it was hot, limiting Sherlock’s embarrassment over that fact. This time, John wasn’t far behind, as if he had been waiting or Sherlock’s release to allow his own. He rocked into Sherlock a few more times before stilling, a low grown passing through his lips. Sherlock ran his hands over John’s back throughout it, soothing him through his orgasm. He was glad they had done away with condoms while John was on leave. He was rather addicted to the feeling of John coming inside him.
John shook his head. “I’m going to clear away some of that debris that’s blocking the end of this trail.” He patted the machete on his hip. Sarah looked torn, so he added, “Go enjoy your last half hour with the monkeys. I’ll see you off in an hour.”
detective—waltz onto a scene before we’ve officially cleared it.”
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
Sherlock grimaced. “I don’t imagine I’ll actually work for Scotland Yard. I’ll probably be a private consultant of some sort.”
“Yeah, I imagine they usually react the way those idiots did last Friday. They asked for it, though. I mean, they shouldn’t have goaded you into doing it if they had something they wanted to hide.” John actually looked genuinely frustrated on his behalf about the way Wilkes’ friends had reacted. Sherlock didn’t know what to do with that.
It took a moment before John seemed able to tear himself away and meet Sherlock’s curious gaze.  “Yeah, we were. Here, I know a shortcut.” He put his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back, glancing over at Molly and Lestrade before setting off.
“Never have I ever kissed a woman.” Sips and fingers up for the majority of the men, including Sherlock who had (very reluctantly) kissed Janine.
[1:04AM] You’re the one that didn’t want us to be seen together on our first date. SH
“Like I was drugged in a bar,” Sherlock replied, and he was pleased that he could at least get the words out without sounding too shaky.
Lips still connected, John pressed Sherlock back onto the bed so that he was lying down with John’s form braced above him. It was, all in all, an ideal position.
Sherlock winced—a barely perceptible movement that John was half-sure he’d made up—but kept their face entirely devoid of emotion. “Yes, well, heartless machines don’t choose to be that way, so perhaps you should keep your judgment of my character to yourself.”
[6:20AM] I can’t believe you showed people those letters. I’m never sending you another one ever again. SH
There was such tentative hope in Sherlock’s expression right then that John’s heart felt constricted.
The entire flat had fallen deathly silent, which was perhaps fitting given the dead body sitting on the sofa. Sherlock’s elated mood stuttered as he realised that now all eyes were on him. He normally relished that feeling, but there was so much shock in everyone’s expressions as to make being the center of attention somewhat less appealing. Sherlock glanced over at John, seeking help from him. John was smiling at him, licking his lips, and
John only sat down when he couldn’t see Wilkes’ ugly mug anymore. His adrenaline was still going, and he tried to calm himself back down. He glanced over at Sherlock, prepared to apologise for Wilkes being such an arse, when he caught sight of Sherlock’s expression. It was stricken, though he was clearly trying valiantly to keep himself looking unaffected, and John’s heart broke for him. He clearly hadn’t meant to upset anyone, and he had just been trying to show off his deductions, and he had been so happy and confident going into this, and John would never forgive Wilkes for making Sherlock look like he did right then. John put his arm around him and pulled him close. Sherlock was tense, but he did at least lean into John a bit.
I promise.
John’s smile widened, clearly pleased that Sherlock was engaging. “No, of course not,” he agreed. “I’m sure it would take more than this to hurt the feelings of Sherlock Holmes.” He kissed Sherlock’s cheek again and then pressed their lips together chastely, sweetly. “I am sorry, though. I feel like I need to make it up to you somehow.” John kissed him again, this time parting his lips and lingering for slightly longer. Sherlock, who had been fairly unresponsive before, found himself reciprocating instantly. The kisses deepened a bit, but John kept them gentle rather than dirty.
[1:08AM] Oh, is that what this is about? JW
[4:27PM] I know you do. SH
“Do you want this?” John asked him, his hand now drifting down to cup Sherlock’s cheek.
(See the end of the chapter for
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Here's the beginning of the somewhat case-related plot!
Sherlock frowned.  “You’re ruining the moment, John,” he muttered petulantly, not enjoying that John had located one of his major faults.
[3 September, 7:52PM] You’re not fine, sweetheart. You need to eat. I’m going to bring some food, and I’ll sweep up the bits of that mug for you. JW
He nearly threw his phone across the table in his haste to grab it when he heard the telltale alert coming from it.
“Is this all right?” John asked, and Sherlock would have rolled his eyes again had he not been so preoccupied with the fact that John’s fingers were so close to where he needed them.
“So how long have you known how to speak English?” he asked when they had both calmed down a bit.
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
“No,” Sherlock murmured slowly.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
“I’m sure I have no idea what you’re talking about,” John said.
John gave him a look, clearly not pleased with that response. “Yeah, but are you really going to stick by him the entire time?” There was something in John’s tone that indicated that he wouldn’t have been pleased if Sherlock had answered positively or negatively to that question. Sherlock didn’t exactly understand why John wouldn’t want him to stay by Lestrade’s side the entire time, but he decided that figuring that out was not important enough to inquire about given the circumstances. John apparently took Sherlock’s momentary silence as a negative, and he nodded once. “Right. That settles it. I’m coming with you.”
Subject: RE: You never do this
. It was as if he was bracing himself, preparing to react in any way that he deemed necessary after Sherlock’s answer.
There was no immediate reply to his text, and as interesting as talking to this not-quite-stalker was, John figured he couldn’t force the conversation to keep going without coming off as a bit of a creep himself. He set his phone down and set about cleaning up some of the sick from the inside of the toilet bowl. Half an hour later, he returned, feeling accomplished, and picked up his phone again, only to discover another message waiting for him. He was smiling before he even read it.
But too soon, Sherlock groaned, frustrated, and the melody was over. John snapped his eyes open. The violin was placed carefully on the couch and Sherlock started to tap his right shoulder with the bow in a nervous gesture. John rolled his eyes: Holmes was bored. Again.
There was a very visible – according to Sherlock – jump inside the towel at those words and touch. The texture of it felt soft against his testicles and in contrast felt rough against the tip of his sensitised penis. Even the seam of it felt incredibly sensual as it skimmed the skin over the bones on his hips.
“She wants you to become a paying VIP member.”
“It’s closer to five hundred and fifty.” Sherlock turned his head to look at John and faked offence. “You took your time because you were reading Wikipedia?”
"You never answered my question last night." Sherlock supported his hip on the cabinet behind him, adopting the same position John had; one hand on the counter and the other supporting the mug.
Carefully, he entered the flat and the first thing he saw... John, sitting on the large couch, looking out of the window.
Sherlock supported his back on the sofa and tilted his head back. A bitter smile ghosted over his lips as he realised the similarity of his posture to his brother's.
Now there was a shiver down his spine, his eyes moved frantically under his closed eyelids. "And you, Sherlock, are going to remember this night, the night when you slept together. You're going to remember how he touched you, how he smelled... you're going to remember how his neck tasted, how that filthy finger of yours touched him where no other man had touched him before..." now he felt a tongue all the way from his shoulder to his ear, a bite on his earlobe "you're going to remember his voice, the way he talked to you, and you, my dear, are going to get aroused, but you are going to
“Oh, you bastard…! Sherlock, is there anything else you want to share? Now would be the right bloody time t-!”
“John…”
John let out a sigh, resigned. "And before, Sherlock..." he took Sherlock's hand in his, away from his upper arm, moving it almost to his eye's level, examining it. He ran his fingers over the palm. Sherlock didn't attempt to move it away, "...when we..."
on the floor. Yes! Sherlock was dancing because the note always meant something.
“Hm?”
like that. John was extremely dissatisfied with someone
“There have been three clicks –”
Rosie’s lips tended to move a lot when she spoke and her teeth were slightly crooked. John smiled slowly at the sight.
The younger brother didn't respond. Mycroft was expecting the question, the usual question.
John nodded. He had completely forgotten about his notebook now in front of Sherlock, unopened. When he was about to say something about it, a young woman approached them asking Sherlock if he was going to have 'the usual', the detective just smiled and nodded.
; she even commented you didn't know where to look when looking at her naked. Then there was the moan in your phone. You could have changed it easily, oh but you didn't. You wanted us to hear, you wanted us to notice how one erotic sound was something you could handle easily. But don't think for a second I didn't notice the flinch on your face every time you’d received a text. Therefore, that meant you wanted to prove to us something. Prove something you are not, almost as if you're ashamed of not knowing about sex. Or... maybe you do know about it, but you've never done it, am I right? Maybe you
"No problem, mate."
"Yeah."
“Let me see.” Sherlock walked two big steps and got closer to John, their cheeks nearly glued together as they both clearly saw Elsie doing something to the camera and it moved only a bit and then the image changed to a deserted front garden.
"No."
Making a last effort to call John, he concentrated in exhaling the air through his vocal cords, there was an animalistic sound as a result.
As he kept on remembering, he noticed he was blushing, his skin felt on fire. He sat on the bed and looked down at himself, he was aroused again.
And Armand, the kid liked Sherlock and the detective apparently wasn't at all that indifferent about the matter. There had to be something deeper there and again Mycroft questioned why his brother let himself to feel and to care about people. Why did Sherlock have to be like that? It was something that he would probably never understand.
“And aroused,” John added, absentmindedly taking his phone from his pocket and checking messages so he couldn’t see Sherlock nervous blinking.
John and Sarah giggled and again, he saw the flirty face, the eyes... He cleared his throat and his phone made a little sound.
John couldn’t help a little smirk as he turned back to stir the broth.
"Yeah." The answer was whispered. John saw Sherlock's eyes opening, blinking, adjusting to the faint morning light coming in through the curtains until they finally focused on John's face.
He was back a few seconds later with Inspector Martin, who just grabbed everything Sherlock put in his hands, he barely managed a hello before he was barraged with Sherlock’s enthusiasm.
John smiled with a little snort. “And I really need to seduce you. What do you prefer we do first?”
"Oh come on John!" Sherlock was typing away again. "You really haven't noticed how he gets here? He’s been coming about half an hour later this week, probably because he's going to the port every day to check if the prices went down…" Sherlock pressed a key loudly, sending the comment. John panicked.
… He heard the last half of his moan already resonating in the air when he felt John stopping and removing his hands from his chest.
"Yeah, nice played indeed." John sat up straight. Sherlock typed again.
at me and told me to… have a good time,” John snorted and continued, remembering. “There was also a box in her office with small packages that at first I thought were oil samples, but now that I think about it, I think…”
After a minute again, the reply.
There was no way he could stop thinking about the things Sherlock said last night. It is true you might loosen up a bit at night time; it is also true that, being over the phone, you can say things you usually dare not say face to face. But this is Sherlock we're talking about; he isn't the kind of person who would just not to gather the courage to say things right on your face.
With a hint of humour, John placed his index finger on Sherlock's shoulder and pushed him back, and then he whistled as he fell, lifeless-like, over the mattress. The doctor threw a blanket over him and gave him a friendly pat on the back. Lestrade also turned to leave.
There was a prolonged silence as they drank their teas. John left his cup on the table and walked to Sherlock, bringing the first aid kit, a bowl with water and some clean cloths.
"I was just wondering, since you accepted her invitation to lunch... I told you I was going to ask you some questions, don't turn it on me." John smiled.
“They look like dancing men,” John said, turning the paper in his hand.
Suddenly, a beep echoed in the room and Sherlock took his phone from his pocket.
"You have to talk to the girl."
“Of course he did, we have copies, too.” Sherlock was still busy with his microscope.
A couple of minutes passed and none of them seemed to want to move. Sherlock's forehead still rested on John's left shoulder.
could catch the meaning behind his words.
our arms around each other. It was like holding in my hand some rare, exhausted, nearly
"It might be
As his eyes progressed with the scrutiny, he noticed Sherlock was doing the same; his eyes were no longer over his eyes but somewhere between his nose and neck. None of them were moving a muscle except for their eyes. John still had this urge to smile, to get up, but the detective's gaze still held him to his chair like the most powerful glue. He stared at his nose for a moment, remembering the feeling of that bump against his cheek last night, against his neck, the noise it made when inhaling deeply and when exhaling loudly.
They lost it completely at that point; John started to pump into Sherlock's body as the other masturbated imitating John's speed. John’s face was lost, his eyes were fixed in the figure below, their movements became erratic at some point, Sherlock arched his back, moaning louder now and it was all John needed to push him over the edge, he stilled above Sherlock, pushing deep inside, touching Sherlock's prostate as he came with the incredible image of Sherlock beneath him and the baritone moans. John thinned his lips, his body tensed as he rocked his hips still after his climax. He took Sherlock's hand on his member, still moving until Sherlock came as well; an strangled sound escaped his throat as he coated John's chest and his stomach with his release, his jaw was open, his eyes were wide open and his voice managed a strangled sound between a loud moan and a growl. Soon he was panting, his back fell over the mattress again, trying to catch his breath.
"I don't know, I just get excited quickly whenever I'm keen about a conversation... and if I picture you, Sherlock, naked in front of me... at my reach, being able to touch you wherever I want... it’s more than enough to keep my mind going." Sherlock just listened. The guy at the other side was touching himself, Sherlock could tell that the movement was slow, but firm.
in him and had to clear his throat, drink a gulp of beer to dissimulate. There was another girl, with a very short mini skirt, John observed the smooth legs, the nice shape of her buttocks when she stood up, walking to talk one of the guys in front. He definitely didn't find anything on the blokes. He had only eyes for the girls, it was definitive.
With those thoughts in mind, he never registered when he walked down the corridor in which they had been before, only when the room door fell shut behind him with a click and took off his disposable mask.
Well, neither John nor Sherlock were overly known by their hospitality, were they?
John didn't realise how, lost in thoughts, he was staring at Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock stared back too, curious, trying to figure him out. John didn't pay attention to that, instead, his mind kept on wondering why he had felt so upset when he heard the guy calling Sherlock a
Received at 4:55
"The case you're working on right now has nothing to do with you."
"Okay, okay. I’ll search for the connection... and the samples." John let out a sigh and Sherlock frowned at the other side of the line. "You scared me, Sherlock."
John stood slowly and carefully from Sherlock's bed and smiled when he turned to see the mess of sheets and blankets over the mattress they shared. He eyed the closet, it was still open and the clothes were still spread all over the floor. He couldn't help a silent laugh as he recalled Sherlock falling on his arse.
John was lying on his back snoring softly, his left leg and left arm were dangling from the border of the couch and his right leg was over Sherlock's left one. His head was tilted to his right and he had his right arm behind Sherlock's neck, his fingers resting somewhere between the curls, falling to a side when the detective lifted his head. Sherlock was sleeping on his left side, the arm of that side was buried between a cushion, the couch and John's body. His right hand was over John's chest, a huge blanket covering him from his neck down to his calves. His head had been somewhere between John's neck and shoulder and a random cushion.
Sherlock, on the other hand, was quiet about all of what happened between them. John wasn't expecting a romantic moment, holding hands in the cab or anything, but today after the shower the detective came back to his old self and John wondered what was going on inside the mind of the detective. Was Sherlock right to be afraid? Maybe he had enough of the doctor? Maybe it was a mere curiosity that had been already satisfied? John tried not to think about those, he really didn't.
“Yes.”
That was probably not the best thing to write. There was a small pause and then a new message.
Sent at 5:12
Sherlock knew he was being observed, better said, he was being
Sherlock smiled and John’s eyes went to Sherlock and then to Mycroft under his frown. Definitely, something to be left to experts.
"I swear, if anything happens to John and you have anything to do with it, I swear to you, I will forget we are related."
"Is that the way this is going to be? Fine, then." John planted his palms above his own knees and cleared his throat, adding a soft. "Good."
, John Watson, are getting better at your theatrical skills." He said with a small chuckle, the deep, rich sound resonated in the desolated place.
But it was also likely that the reason for his cheerful mood was a call from Lestrade; he had a new case for them... even if Sherlock considered it a five. John couldn't believe how easily he was pulled into Sherlock's game sometimes.
"Yeah, and apparently you tossed around a lot."
John smirked and looked down at his empty plate. “So, we stick to the plan and see what happens? Are you going to tell me all of it now or…”
Sherlock snorted. "Alright, but be careful not to fall asleep in there." He added casually stepping out from John's room and going downstairs to the living room.
He wanted those fingers to go lower, wanted John to be bolder, wanted to be bolder himself... if there wasn’t so much at stake maybe…
Click.
"After you finish... with Greg... I mean, when you're done, would you like to go for some lunch?"
"You didn't have to do that." He started, tilting his head a little to John. People around them continued to do whatever they were doing before. They had captured a lot of unwanted attention after all.
One of the photos also showed a bit of John’s neck in a startling red.
"What?"
Sherlock chuckled. "Am I not succeeding?"
"Are you aroused?" Sherlock's voice sounded deeper than before, John detected a teasing note to it.
He finished his shower, slowly coming back to his normal self.
He was so absorbed observing Sherlock's restful form that he completely forgot about the way they had been sleeping; John’s head was resting on his companion's shoulder. Before falling asleep, Sherlock had thrown a blanket over them and, apparently, he had slid one of his arms behind John's neck, above the backrest of the sofa, and his hand fell languidly over John's shoulder.
“What –”
“I asked him to check the perimeter. We didn’t know if Abby was still around since we didn’t find her car on the normal route to Ridling Thorpe. DI Lestrade is on that.” When Sherlock lifted his right eyebrow Martin whispered fiercely, his face inches from Sherlock’s again. “Look, I know he has that illegal firearm and I couldn’t bring more men with me, okay? Besides, Mr Watson is not authorised to make arrests and neither are you, by the way.”
[Knees]
"Shut up and show me the vehicle."
"Oh." Sherlock frowned again, "I collected your data." He said with a shrug, as if it was the most natural and normal thing to do.
It was bliss, everything. Waking up with Sherlock curled next to him, all of his defences down, his face peaceful, as he had never seen him before. John couldn't help himself when he messed those curls, he couldn't help himself when he popped up on one elbow to take a proper look at Sherlock. He couldn't help that huge grin over his face, nor when he kissed a sleeping Sherlock's forehead. He recalled last night's events, he still had so many questions. Not doubts. Questions. '
Sherlock wanted to ask what was okay. Is massaging your back okay? Is your back okay? Are you okay? Is this case okay?
"About endorphins? You told me you release endorphins."
"So, what is...
, John thought. '
“… and the list of the cameras,” the man finished. He was dressed in the Yard’s uniform.
The detective envisioned a faceless body above him, touching all over. His reaction was just to be there, lying cold like a corpse. There were no sensations, no thicker walls around his mind palace... no arousal. There was no data yet to compare to what he felt over the phone with John. Because, even when he wasn't touching himself, there was no denying how much in a precarious state he was. Last night too, with the massage, only to know it was John, -
"I don't know what to do, John." He whispered.
Sherlock frowned. “Not at all.” He turned and subtly buttoned the jeans up as he walked to his chair, tried to control his racing heart and needy lungs. So mundane, but he
"And incognito?"
"All right then, are you ready to order?" He didn't wait for an answer; he called the waiter; Molly hurried to ask for her usual meal, since she came here often. Sherlock asked for a coffee and a sweet pie.
"No."
Sherlock remembered that little fantasy when he was coming home, so many years ago. He sighed.
With a frustrated groan, Sherlock released a bit the grip on the man, who took the cosh and gave him a blow behind his knee, making him fall hard on the cement. He was about to give Sherlock another blow, this time directed to his head, but he managed to roll around the floor just in time. Sherlock rolled over the cement a few more meters until he could stand. He fought his attacker until he could finally pin him against a wall, the attacker’s chest pressed tightly against bricks. The detective took both of arms behind the small of the man's back, making pressure with his own stomach. He patted the sides of the man until he found the wallet inside his trouser's pocket, he opened it helped with his teeth, checking its contents immediately.
At the same time John came out from the shower with a towel around his neck, a robe and messy hair. He saw how Armand had Sherlock's hand in his. John lifted an eyebrow at them and coughed lightly.
It took only the faintest of the morning lights to wake up John Watson. Lazy brows moved up slowly and his eyelids failed a couple of times before opening up a little. He blinked lazily, his mind coming back from his dozed state. The first thing he felt were his frozen feet, so he tried to move his toes and hissed quietly as he did, the movement, besides hurting a bit also made him take a hold of the complete scenario.
...'" John tried to imitate Sherlock, he lowered his voice and made a deep frown. "...
“P-I-E-D-R-A,” Sherlock spelt, blinking rapidly.
"Shh... I'm trying to replace the tickling sensation in my mind." He said as if it was a big, important secret.
They looked at each other when they heard the noise of the door opening downstairs. John took his gun and moved to stand next to the door. Sherlock walked to the other side and they nodded to each other.
"So," John said with a thoughtful expression, gesturing a bit with his hands still in his pockets, "the son knew the girl before, when she was still his dad's student… now I get it… that's why the girl didn't want to let her fiancé's father to know about the engagement." John nodded at the realisation and they started to walk down the street. John moved his hands from his pockets to his back and Sherlock's hands slipped inside his coat’s pockets.
John didn’t want to keep pushing the issue when praise clearly made SH uncomfortable in some way, so he didn’t reply. Besides, for all he knew, his mystery stranger could have been some fifty-year-old man preying on wrong numbers. While he knew that this was a logical possibility, he couldn’t help but try conjuring up an image of SH as a man his own age, clever and interesting and somehow both a bit arrogant and modest. He imagined Mike and his girlfriend, sitting together on Mike’s bed, and replaced their figures with his own and his imagined version of SH as a young man. God, he was a romantic. It was terrible.
The flat itself was unimpressive—precisely what would be expected of a lonely genius with no real career prospects and a penchant for narcotics—but John didn’t seem to notice. Instead, as soon as they were inside, he kicked the door shut and tugged Sherlock down into a kiss. Sherlock let out a surprised
[4:33PM] I’m sure there’s something I have to make up for. JW
[1:15PM] I’m sorry. This is my fault. I’m sorry. SH
Sherlock wasn’t sure what to make of that.  Did John mean that
John slowed his movements down, senses on high alert, as he crept silently into his own room to retrieve his gun. He tugged the sheet down he’d used to block the cracks in the wall and peered through. He could see Sherlock on their bed, cross-legged and facing away from him. There was no sign of anyone else, but his range of view was limited. Nothing for it, then. He would just have to go in there, gun drawn, and hope that whatever arsehole was talking to Sherlock wouldn’t put up too much of a fight.
"One, nine, o..."
"You're right."
"I actually c-"
“Hm? Sure. Would love to. One. Would love one,” He smiled. She smiled back. Two coffees meant more minutes for himself. In front of the computer. Excellent first day.
**..**
Still with the coffee in his hand, he stood up and bought another one. He walked to the other side of the bench and handed it to the mountain of blankets.
. I have reasons to believe we were accepting the same case…"
Moriarty had been clear that time in 221b, he owed Sherlock a fall. He wanted him destroyed and it was clear that the press found the news they wanted through Miss Riley's reports and this Richard Brook's story. Sherlock snorted at the ironic name and again, in his mind, he couldn't explain how nobody noticed the Richard Brook's name irony. Reichen Bach. German.
With that, she left the office but kept the door open, so they started their plan as soon as Abby was out of sight and Craig had logged in to the internal Wi-Fi.
"Okay, John." She said. The name, being pronounced by another person, had Sherlock wrinkling his nose, he started to toy with the cold coffee inside the cup again.
"Check it, then." Sherlock stood quickly and paced with long steps to his laptop, just when he was about to open it, Sherlock's phone went off with the message ringtone.
There was a gulp from the other side of the phone. "Man... your voice is... awesome."
her so many times...!" John took a gulp of air and noted that Sherlock was looking intently at him all the time, patiently, as never, waiting for him to finish all he had to say "It's just... frustrating. That's it."
"Yes it was... and I sincerely hope..."
"If I didn't know you better, I'd think you were jealous, John."
' being the first one.
Sherlock watched John's profile intently. He could hear the whispers and groans coming from his companion "Oh Sherlock... Sherlock...!" John came with a growl, it was muffled by Sherlock's skin, in the juncture between neck and jaw, rocking his hips onto his hand.
to be there.
“Is it for sale?” Mrs Hudson asked again. Abby laughed softly.
"Both." Sherlock stated. "It's no use to stimulate the body without stimulating the mind as well."
“May I have the Wi-Fi password?” Craig asked.
"[...]My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. I can dispense then with artificial stimulants. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation [...]"
Ella remained silent after John's scream. She smiled sympathetically to him. Several minutes passed with John regaining his breathing back to normal. Surprisingly, there were no tears.
“They stopped! They were supposed to come in right away!” Sherlock could barely suppress a whispered outburst.
"No, no you can't. It's clear you can't do-" Greg waved a hand dismissively to her.
Now she was seeing a whole new side of John Watson's personality. He was actually able to switch his mood in a quick manner and most importantly, he was capable of laughing like
"And?"
"I didn't. I heard about it, but it wasn't me."
"I do." There was sound of papers, "Dyachenko , Sulejma-"
Martin cleared his throat.
"I recognized your voice... you are my father's friend: Mycroft Holmes." Armand said tilting his chin up, defiantly. "I've heard about your job for the government. But sadly, Mr. Holmes, I have no interest in my share of the family legacy."
(See the end of the chapter for
**..**
Sherlock took John from the front of his jacket and threw him to the ground, on his back. When he did that, John saw a blade sparkling in the dark. Everything was fast. When he looked up he saw Sherlock behind an unknown man. He had the man's arm behind his back, holding him still by his wrist. The expression in the man's face was painful. The knife was on the pavement.
When he peered up again, Sherlock was looking right through him; his eyes were focused on John but not really seeing him. His expression was lost. John had seen this before and he had always assumed the man just got lost in his head; sometimes when Sherlock finished playing the violin, or when Mrs Hudson teased him about sentiment, or when Rosie was talking to John. But the only thing John could remember clearly was, ages ago, when he had said in this same living room, “
to know.
. "I am not going to go ahead just because you asked me to, Sherlock. If I do it, it's because I want to." Sherlock smiled genuinely this time. "And I'm not going to shoot in the dark, you know..."
"Sherlock... Sherlock...!" John whispered, Sherlock was observing, panting from above, one of John's hands was grabbing the sheets beneath them and his other hand was stroking Sherlock's thigh.
"John" he called on a normal voice and was pleased to know he had arrived into a moment of REM. That gave him around 5 minutes.
"Of course not. Now we know they are being tracked, it is essential to be cautious."
Ten minutes left, so he washed his hands, took a deep breath, thought of Anderson and marched down the stairs to take Rosie from Mrs Hudson.
He opened the articles about databases saved on his phone and started to read.
he was muttering to himself over and over. The voice which usually calmed him down, the little white good-John over his right shoulder, was telling him Sherlock were his friend. Sherlock had said that only to prove a point over the phone. Yes, it was
“Elsie has been living in London for six years. Why now? Oi. Come on. Relax for me.”
"What's your name?"
, after all), he could…
John knew he had to act fast but he was also feeling a rush of something; he felt calmer, not as desperate as before.
"Alright, that's enough. Are you allowed to touch yourself in there?"
Click.
"Oh dear Lord!" she exclaimed, "You have to lock the door if you're going to do that kind of things!" She winked at John and added "Use some lotion, dear; I've heard is less painful if you apply some."
"The only thing we need now, Molly, is to find out the contents of the patch." Lestrade startled right outside Sherlock's room when he heard more of the deep laughter, he added "... please."
“And the word?
"...right." Was the DI's answer, he understood Mycroft's tone and hurriedly hung up the phone.
"Well?" Sherlock asked. Mycroft's expression was blank except for a light frown as he read Sherlock. [Hair]
“Hamish and William caught red-handed, how does it sound?”
"You comfortable there?" John dared to move his hand and touched lightly the other's arm and rested it on Sherlock's elbow, tapping lightly the bone.
“Yep,” The P resonated and Sherlock frowned. “Heavily soundproofed, good, but why?” he muttered and then in a louder voice he added “John, I am a computer programmer; it’s only logical to get arm and wrist massages once in a while. Carpal tunnel is the fake diagnosis... I brought polycarbonate slides with different label colours. They are in my back pocket. If I sit right here,” he sat on the stretcher, “only your back, my head and right arm will be visible to the camera. You need to take the slides and place a little amount of every product you put on me today. I’m going to memorise the colour of each product.”
"How did you get the answer? Did you call?" John questioned, taking the card and looking at it, but there was nothing on it that could make him understand what Sherlock was talking about.
John cleared his throat. “Of course. Let me…” He moved around the bed as Sherlock politely gave him more space to move.
Sherlock smiled, it was a tiny smile but John saw it clearly. He also saw Sherlock standing up, slowly moving his feet from the table to the floor, he walked to John, two, three steps until he was standing next to him. John didn't let his eyes move away from Sherlock's face for a while and then he deliberately moved his gaze along Sherlock's body, his eyes stopped at Sherlock's hand, now moving to cup John's face and sliding behind his neck.
“What gave her away?” John asked and moved his thumbs around Sherlock’s nape.
"Is that the way you people always do your job? Well! I'm not surprised then, to see we have such high suicide rates in London." Sherlock walked down the stairs of the flat as he spoke, dramatically gesturing with his arms. "Not enough data!" he mimicked in a high pitched voice, clearly imitating Donovan, "and then you state it's a suicide! No wonder you are the criminals' favourite."
"What...? I mean, justice department... but... how...?"
Martin narrowed his eyes and gave him a quick look from head to toe, much as he had done when entering the flat. “Well, I’m almost off anyway. All I wanted was to analyse the photos and … well, I have two proposals for you before I leave. May I?”
“Yeah!” Martin answered, oblivious of whatever was happening. “Mr Holmes found something absolutely brilliant! Let me show you.” He stood up and walked to the coffee table and started to sort some papers.
“Hm?” He hadn’t realised he had closed his eyes. He opened them to find a frowning John staring right into his eyes. Close. Too close. He blinked a couple of times.
There was a thud as his phone rolled on the carpet below his desk. He cursed and crouched to retrieve it. There was a new message.
“You’re just assisting me, Watson,” Sherlock said, serious. His voice nearly a purr and eyes still on his phone.
“Spanish for
"What… just… happened…?" asked John between intakes of air.
They both giggled shortly. John rolled to his side, wincing a bit at the pain in his behind. He couldn't help but giggle again.
"You scared... the hell out of me." John said between gasps.
He was not able to hold on anymore so soon he was supporting his arm on the tiles, water hitting his back, his forehead searching for support on his arm as he touched himself, Sherlock's name on his lips. A very deep part of his mind was telling him how ridiculous this was, how stupid this whole situation was, how embarrassed he should be of himself.
"I proved myself by seducing you over the phone once... and I'm sure I can do it again, so why can't it work on another subject?"
He smiled to her, it was bittersweet, but a kind smile; he didn't say a word. He paced to the main door, opened it, eyed once more the troubled woman on the chair and walked outside. Once the door was closed, the detective noticed a disturbing silence and then... there it was. He heard a throaty shout, some kind of glass breaking and the woman crying, loudly. Animalistic sounds coming out from her throat, combined with coughs and gasps. Sherlock closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, the chilly air hurting a bit his nostrils. He didn't want to listen anymore, point was already proven, so he walked away fast. It disturbed him somehow. The book he had read last night described a bunch of expected reactions coming from a parent;
received at 16:05.
?” Sherlock asked all serious again and John let out a silent giggle, it wasn’t loud but he put his hand over his mouth anyway. Sherlock smiled. “Don’t worry, John.” He showed John his phone with a constant red dot over the camera in the hallway. “They’re being louder than 60 decibels.”
And last night's events... John couldn't stop thinking about those. Would that ever repeat? He had no idea and he, even if that sounded stupid, loved it.
Sherlock snorted and smiled at the younger man. His face seemed to illuminate with the detective's gesture. Sherlock put a hand on the other's shoulder and gave him a light squeeze and two quick taps. "You're probably going to be a good lawyer." he said looking into Armand's eyes, "I heard from Lestrade what you did with Xavier's evidence. They are checking all of the ports now, so the business stopped, but the case is not closed... it might never be."
“The slides are between my toes,” he said as he was ready and John snorted. “I just heard a click going off from the camera that’s right above my head. No need to hide them if you keep them anywhere below my waist.”
At first, he thought it was bit odd that John tried to find a sexual partner, but then he found it kind of obvious. John had a concept similar to his, as he had noticed, but he also listened to his body’s needs, like everyone else. Sherlock paid attention to his mind's needs. If an action couldn't stimulate the mind, what was the point of the action itself?
Sherlock sighed. “It’s been a long way. You know that.”
"You were smoking..." he stated. There was no reprimand on the sentence, just amusement.
Almost in slow motion, Sherlock saw Sidney Eldridge’s eyes opening wide in recognition, even in the darkness of the room before the man attacking him from behind threw him to his knees. The sound that escaped Sherlock’s mouth was worthy of an adult’s movie and just then he realised how much the chemicals had gotten to him.
, he thought as he binned a few old experiments as well, although that wasn’t quite true. He had always made an effort to impress others upon first meeting them, but he rarely attempted to keep up that effort after knowing them for any length of time, usually because people generally had formed negative opinions of him by that point. John was different. John
And then John winked at him.
John cursed under his breath as he realised what was going on. He tucked his gun in the waistband of his trousers and pushed the door open. Sherlock was sitting on the bed, alone. They stared at John with wide, shocked eyes, clearly not having heard him return to the house.
NOTE: This chapter is not going to look good on mobile!  For mobile users, please scroll to the bottom and see the end of chapter notes for a non-formatted transcript. This chapter is written in the way that a text conversation would appear on an iPhone, so the sender (Sherlock)'s texts appear on the right where the receiver (Lestrade)'s texts appear on the left.
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
Sherlock noticed John’s grimace and got up, ignoring John’s grumble of displeasure. He grabbed a cold compress and brought it back to the sofa as quickly as possible. “Even if I’m supposed to be taking care of myself as well, I can still look after you,” he said to John’s raised eyebrow. “You were just
He shuddered and struggled to keep himself under control. “Er, no, not really. Not to brag, but I am a bit bigger than normal.” Sherlock licked their lips, and John groaned. “Fuck, your
“Well, we got a little distracted with the case.”
[1:35AM] You know what? No. I’m not doing this anymore. I’m not going to sit here and let you argue with me. JW
He shoveled some rice and beans on his plate and listened to the primatologists talk about how they wanted to go on one last walk through the forest before departing. John wished they would just leave, but he couldn’t say as much without risking his job.
[1:06AM] If you’re just going to keep picking fights, I’m going to leave. JW
“They’re all at the table,” John told him. He’d wanted to be outside when Sherlock arrived. He needed to give off a good impression to make up for his rather poor choice of words during their last interaction.
Hope you enjoyed that!  It's obviously in the very early stages but there'll be some more angst/an ultimately happy ending ahead!
[6:35AM—UNSENT] I wish you’d never left. SH
He sent one more text off to Mike (
Sherlock’s face instantly turned blood red. He tried to cover his embarrassment by glaring at John. “Everyone likes a military man,” he snapped.
Sherlock got to his feet and started back up the stairs. His hands started to fidget anxiously again. “I can clean this up,” he assured John once they entered 221B. He went over to the coffee table and stacked two books on top of one another.
[25 August, 5:24PM] Yeah. JW
John knew Sherlock could hear him approach by the way their antennae swished around, but there was no other indication that they had even noticed John.
“Did he break it off with you when you met up with him?” Molly pressed.
Twelve minutes ticked by. John knew that because he kept obsessively checking his phone every thirty seconds. Christ, he really had gone too far. He should have just listened to that voice in his head telling him to back off, but he’d never been very good at doing that. And now he’d probably ruined things. He sent a quick,
John handed him one of the cups.  “Cheers,” he said, tipping his own cup against Sherlock’s.  He took a swig of his whiskey, making a face as he swallowed it down. “Damn, that’s strong.”
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
“Yeah, that’s it,” John said.  “Let me hear you.  Let me hear how much you’re enjoying this.”  Sherlock blushed more. “Come on, grind against me—yeah, like that.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and reiterated, “When we first got together, you said you’d need more time to think about moving in.” He paused, as if expecting John to finish that thought, but when John didn’t immediately reply, he added, “Well, you’ve had more time. Presumably you’ve thought about it.”
, John. SH
“Much better,” Sherlock assured him. His body was back to being its normal level of irritating, and he was able to ignore any residual aches or pains he was feeling.
“I just want to offer you some advice,” the man said coolly.
The first part of this chapter is based largely on
As expected, John pulled Sherlock’s trousers and pants off in one go and sat back on his heels at the food of the bed, staring. He licked his lips, eyes moving up and down Sherlock’s body as if this wasn’t the thirteenth time John had seen it in the last six days.
Oddly enough, his limp was barely noticeable then.
“Come on,” John said, still smiling at him.
Sherlock immediately picked up John’s discarded bag and moved it over to the sofa, feeling the need to do
Sherlock furrowed his brow and thought back to their encounter. In anyone else, he might have considered that flirting, but it had been directed at
Once inside, Sherlock shut the door behind them. “And you’re rather slow,” he countered.
Subject: RE: You never do this
(See the end of the chapter for
Eventually, John pulled back, his fingers drifting down Sherlock’s stomach until they reached the waistband of his pants. Sherlock felt a nervous thrill run through him, but he nodded, and John was soon tugging his pants down and off, tossing them off the bed to join the rest of Sherlock’s crumpled clothes.
She nodded but didn’t speak as she suddenly started coughing.
“Why would he be embarrassed?” John asked, hands wrapped around his pint in a way that reminded him of how Sherlock had held onto his mug, and, god, he was in deep here. “It was a misunderstanding. That’s all. I wanted it to be a date.” He groaned and dropped his head down onto the table. “And then Murray and Lestrade came in with a few other guys from the team, and they ruined everything.” Even as he said it, John knew that it hadn’t been them who had ruined anything; it had been him. He’d handled the situation so poorly. “
“Or?” Sherlock prompted, hushed. He suddenly didn’t care at all about how poorly he had performed at their own recreation of the popular game.
“I take it that relationships where you’re from aren’t strictly heterosexual,” John said.
“God, what a tool,” he said to Sherlock while everyone else went back to anxious small talk.
John still managed not to laugh, but he couldn’t help the smile that rose to his face. “You’re not going to die of rice and beans,” he said. After a moment of consideration, he added, “You know, it is the end of the month. I’m due to go back into town to do the shopping soon. You could come with me and help pick out different foods.”
Subject: RE: You never do this
“Didn’t see you there,” Murray said. He seemed to detect John’s solemnity at that point, and his smile dipped down into a frown. “What’s the matter?” He looked at the table, spotting the two mugs. “Were you with someone?”
. It felt like a lame attempt at getting their conversation started again, and apparently Sherlock thought so, too, because he never responded.
Subject: RE: You never do this
It felt a bit dangerous, giving out his initials to some stranger, but John supposed that SH had given his initials first. Besides, of all the JW names in the area, he was sure he was the least remarkable, making it difficult for SH to track him down.
So they made their way to town like that, in relative silence, looking to any onlookers like two human tourists. And, yes, with how pale Sherlock was, there was no mistaking them for anything other than a tourist. John thought that maybe he should have insisted on sunscreen before this little excursion, but then again, he couldn’t be sure that Sherlock’s skin would even burn.
A girl. Right. John did not like the sound of that. Just because no girl was good enough for SH, he told himself, though even he didn’t believe that lie.
Molly and Lestrade came up beside them.  “We’re going to start heading over,” Molly said, putting her hand on Sherlock’s arm to get his attention briefly.
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
John looked around. It was eclectic and sort of a mess, but he thought that this was probably what the inside of Sherlock’s mind looked like. Thinking about it like that made the whole thing seem really appealing rather than off-putting. “Don’t worry about that. If you saw my flat, you’d see that it’s much worse.”
He walked back into the kitchen perhaps a bit too quickly, wanting to have Sherlock by his side as soon as possible. He felt a strong surge of protectiveness for his…whatever Sherlock was to him.
John rolled off of him, and Sherlock couldn’t help but whine. John laughed again and kissed his shoulder in an attempt at reassurance. “I’m just moving to get my clothes off like you asked,” he said. “When we’re both undressed, I promise I’ll be right back on top of you.”
Subject: RE: You never do this
Great. Now the bastard had access to his therapist’s files. Lovely.
Molly paused for a moment.  “Is this ‘something’ good or bad?” she asked eventually.
The rest of the group made to turn back to join up with their colleagues and whatever monkeys they had found.
Eventually, the haze of bliss faded slightly.  He was distantly aware of the sound of a zipper being undone. He glanced over to see that John had shoved his trousers and pants down just enough to free his cock. Sherlock licked his lips, shifting so that he was pressed against the back of the sofa to provide John with more room. If he hadn’t just spent himself, he would have certainly been aroused right then.  Unsurprisingly, John’s cock was just as perfect as the rest of him.
John sighed again, this time in resignation. “Look, why don’t you take the room next to mine,” he suggested. “The wall separating us won’t reach the ceiling, so you can still hear me at night, and I can still hear you. And, check this out.” He pointed to the paneling on the “wall” between the rooms. “There’s cracks here, so if you really need to check up on me at night, you can peek through.” He was sure he was going to regret giving Sherlock even that much access to him during the night, but he couldn’t find it in himself to be too upset about it.
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Sherlock was quiet for a moment longer before he hummed and relaxed against John once more. “Well, you’ve got time to prove that to me.”
It took six whole minutes for John to text back, in which time he had finished off the glass of water and had even gone so far as to put the used glass back in the kitchen.  He had actually considered washing it himself when his phone chimed.  He let out a relieved sigh and walked back into the sitting room to see what John had said.
“What are you making that face for?” John asked as he kicked off his shoes.
He must have missed the mark, though, because Molly eyed him suspiciously. “There is,” she said at last. “Why?  Were you thinking of going?”  Yes, there was definitely suspicion there.
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
[3 September, 7:17PM] Yeah, suppose I got that going for me. JW
In which they go to London.
[4:55AM] I love you. SH
“What do you want?” he demanded.
Subject: RE: You never do this
you wanted to keep this a secret, but I don’t think that’s—”
It was a stupid thing to feel rejected over, but the lack of engagement had John worried. “Right, well, I’m going to head out soon to clear away the rubbish that washed into the laundry area. You ready?”
Sherlock felt the urge to defend John.  “He left a note for me.  He said he was running late for work and that he didn’t want to wake me.”
“There,” John said, pulling back his hand with reluctance. “Now you look almost human.”
“Excellent work, John,” he said, stepping forward and playing it as cool as possible.
John sighed and rubbed his hand up and down Sherlock’s arm in what he hoped was a comforting gesture. “We really don’t need to do anything tonight.”
After that, dinner went relatively smoothly while they ordered food and ate it. John hardly cared about Sherlock leaving a good impression on any of his teammates. All that mattered was that Sherlock saw that John didn’t mind them being seen in public together. That meant that it was going to be a relatively low-stress night for him. And indeed it was, right up until someone asked Sherlock what he wanted to do after university.
Thanks for reading!  Comments/kudos appreciated!
John placed another hand on Sherlock’s waist and pressed himself upward until their lips touched. He moved slowly so as not to spook Sherlock, but apparently that was entirely unnecessary on his part. As soon as the kiss began, Sherlock crouched down so that John didn’t need to stand on his toes and returned the pressure with a shocking amount of enthusiasm. John hummed at this development before licking at the seam between Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock let out a little gasp and took another half-step forward until they were entirely pressed together. He wrapped his arms around John’s neck and parted his lips to mimic John’s movements. God, it was incredible. John held onto him tighter, as if worried he might slip away, and Sherlock practically melted in his arms.
“Sorry,” and that was John’s voice, and there was John standing next to him, and it had been John’s hand.
[2:19AM] You’re alive. SH
[2:32AM] We were attacked, but I was one of the ones that made it out alive. JW
Sherlock cried for the first time since Redbeard had died, and he started to wonder if Mycroft might have been right all those years ago.
Subject: RE: You never do this
Before Sherlock could leave his bedroom and rush out to get a cab, John reached out and caught his wrist. Sherlock felt a jolt at the contact, and he turned to face John.
“Fine,” Sherlock said, and though he thought it would be difficult to slur one syllable, John’s expression, tightening with concern, seemed to indicate that he’d done as much.
John narrowed his eyes over at Sherlock, not liking the way this conversation was going. “We can’t all be heartless machines.”
[2:39AM] You were dead. SH
flat.
John, seemingly unaware of the effect he’d had on the young detective, continued: “Sherlock and I will make a team.” He looked over at Sherlock, who was doing his best not to look like he was twelve years old and talking to his crush. “Right?”
“Go,” Sherlock said, starting the timer on his phone.
[1:20AM] Jesus Christ. Not everything is about you. Not everything I do has to revolve around you. If I get shot and die, it’s not up to you to stop it. You’d get over it. JW
[3:23AM] Because he’s making you repeat yourself, and you hate repeating yourself, and he’s told you a lie that’s made you have a panic attack. JW
Right. That’s enough. Back to the case.
, John thought. He might have been entirely off about the age thing. Instead of being too old for him, SH might actually be too young, leaving
Luckily, the match started, and he was spared from any further conversation. As with the last match he had attended, John looked incredibly while playing.  At one point, a member of the opposing team elbowed John in the gut. It had apparently been fairly painful, because when John had recovered his breath, he looked
Sherlock seemed content and finished off the rest of his toast. He paused for a moment longer and added, “I’m going to try working more cases with Scotland Yard, though, so I might not always be available.”
The door opened, and he didn’t need to look up to know who it was. Those footsteps would have been familiar to him under any circumstances.
John tried to keep himself from laughing at them. “Do you not have sunburns where you’re from?”
“But all the victims received a phone call from a withheld number shortly before their deaths.” Sherlock glanced up. “I assume you’ve found a new body.”
As John stood up completely, his penis now fully exposed for Sherlock, all thoughts of teasing him evaporated.
“You’ll forgive me if I find that hard to believe,” John said, voice low and slightly dangerous. There was no other way someone could get into contact with him, he was sure.
The alien seemed to grow frustrated when John didn’t respond as expected before appearing to realise that it wasn’t John that was making the noise. They shuffled forward into the kitchen and tried whistling back at the kettle, but when the pitch of the answering sound never varied, they became noticeably agitated.
[12:21AM] Please. SH
Sherlock only joined up with him when John was getting ready to check out.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, hoping that doing that would conceal the rapid increase in his pulse caused by John’s touch and concern. “Lestrade will be there.”
“I’m not one for pacing myself, either,” John murmured, and his fingers came up to brush gently at the hair behind Sherlock’s ear. Further proof indeed.
[5:04PM] You’re not reassuring me that you won’t end up in bed with one of your friends over there. SH
Sherlock furrowed his brows. “You haven’t done that already?”
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Sherlock’s cheeks heated a bit, and he shot John an affronted look, knowing that that statement had been targeted directly at him. A few people took drinks, and everyone stared as Sherlock did the same. “Never have I ever been in love with Sherlock Holmes,” he shot back, still staring at John.
John snorted. “I’m not sure we’ll be able to spend a day apart at this point. We’ll have to work up to a week.”
Sherlock spent nearly an hour agonising over his appearance. He couldn’t change clothes, obviously, as John had already seen him once that day.  Changing his clothes would make it look like he was trying far too hard. Which he was, of course, but he couldn’t let John know that.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I take it that means I can sit down?”
Sherlock coughed.
Sherlock frowned more deeply. “What’s bothering you?” they asked.
[2:35AM] You were dead, John. SH
.” He shoved him away, chest heaving as he fought the urge to just punch him. Wilkes muttered profanities under his breath, but he didn’t object to John’s demand, and before too long, the bastard had thankfully vacated the premises.
[6:30AM] You’re my whole world. JW
“Oh, look, he’s doing it,” Seb pointed out, and Sherlock felt that he knew how zoo animals felt.  “Go on, then; what can you tell about Matty here?  Or Bernard?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Comments/kudos appreciated, and feel free to hit me up on
He immediately twisted over the side of the bed toward his bedside table so quickly that he almost tumbled to the floor. John luckily grabbed his waist before he could really fall.
“Sherlock,” John said, a bit forcefully.  He squeezed Sherlock’s hand.  His expression relaxed into something soft when Sherlock finally glanced up away from their joined hands.  “There you are. You were starting to freak me out a bit.”  He chuckled. “You’ve just been blinking like that for two whole minutes now.”
and the parting of Sherlock’s lips in return. With tongue involved, Sherlock was a bit of a sloppy kisser, so John did his best to slowly lead them through it. It was a bit surprising that they appeared to be so inexperienced. John had assumed that, with all the sleeping around Sherlock’s species did, Sherlock had done this plenty of times, but kissing might not have featured strongly in their sexual encounters. Granted, this didn’t necessarily need to turn into a
Sherlock’s heart was pounding. Being near John was probably not a great idea, as he now wanted to press himself into John’s side and leave rather than go back over to the possible murderer with whom he’d been talking. “Just my leg,” he said. The spot where the stranger’s hand had been itched, and he rubbed his palm over it in an attempt to wipe away the ghost of the man’s touch.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
“Oh, stop looking at me like that,” he muttered, crossing his arms and turning away from her.
There was a scuffle from inside 221B. Someone was in there. A client, perhaps? Mrs. Hudson was home, so it was likely that she had merely let up anyone claiming to have a case for him. That was—yes, that was exactly what he needed. If not cocaine, a case would surely help him keep his mind off of his emotional state.
Sherlock groaned and shut his eyes. He really did feel exhausted. His entire body seemed to regret waking up.
“You didn’t try covering up your love-bites,” John noted, gesturing with his free hand over to Sherlock’s neck.
to express his feelings. He’d never really been good at doing that sort of thing anyway.
(See the end of the chapter for
There's like some minor angst in this toward the end, but I promise this will be resolved in the next chapter!
“Love struck, huh?” he said, absolutely elated.
Once in the cab, Sherlock received a text from Lestrade:
Five months after their first meeting.
“You can’t focus so much on me that you forget about yourself,” John told him, voice low and serious now.
Thank you so much for everyone who has given this work kudos and such!  Just a reminder that comments are always welcome, and I'll try to reply to them as quickly as possible.
Sherlock took the glass and did his best to drink the entire thing. His mouth was dry, and his head ached, and he felt that water might help with that, but his nausea cautioned him against consuming too much.
Sherlock did want that, very much so.  Being alone with John would be far preferable to being surrounded by all these people with John.  He nodded, the movement a little unsteady in his drunken state.  “Yes, we can definitely do that.”
Sherlock was so thrilled about the recognition that he actually managed to forget all about John Watson for a few days.  It was well into the next week before he remembered the man at all, and that was only because he was being forced to go back to the library again after abstaining from it since he had seen John and Sarah together.
. Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to complain about it, however, as it did force John to lean closer in order to carry on their conversation.  “So tell me more about these cases you solve.  Do you ever have to go down to NSY to talk to the police or anything?”
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
, he thought wryly.
Sherlock found that he didn’t mind at all that John had somehow figured out how to do this after about seven days in total spent physically with one another. It was absurd that he was so easy to read for this man, but then again, it was absurd how attracted Sherlock was to him in the first place, so it was all on par with their general relationship.
[5:08PM] Thank you. SH
Molly, it turned out, had been incredibly helpful, if only because she had no qualms about forcing Sherlock to calm down when he started to get anxious. She had walked him through picking out what to wear (grey trousers and a deep blue dress shirt), and she had helped style his hair (which took nearly an hour in and of itself), and she had generally kept him from driving himself mad.  She had even offered use of her concealer to cover up the marks on his neck, but Sherlock, cheeks pink, had refused.
“I’m dying,” he announced.
(See the end of the chapter for
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
“Well, I originally thought that he intended to explain it all to me in person when I went down there.  He hardly seems the type to do it over text.”  How was it that Molly seemed to be the observant one here?  Sherlock was supposed to pick up on subtle clues, and yet, when it came to John, it seemed that he was utterly useless, sentiment clouding his observations.
“We look like we’re here together,” Sherlock said, frowning.
if you want!  If I ever leave a super long gap between chapters, feel free to message me on there if you're concerned that I've abandoned the work.
Sherlock’s skin started to tinge green a bit, and John wondered what about this subject was making them lose their focus on keeping up their imitative skin tone. “I do have genitals, John,” they said, their tone almost irritable. “I’ve got all the…
He’s a soldier. We met around six or seven
I don’t miss you, but you should come back soon.
He jogged up the last few steps and opened the door to his flat, preparing to look as dramatic as possible in his entrance.
“John,” she said in return, and her hand was
God, he was an idiot.
Sherlock was letting out little noises at each exhale by that point, and he seemed to be rapidly losing control. It was the hottest thing John had ever seen in his entire life.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock shot John a look for that comment and moved so that they were lying on their stomach, clearly trying to get a better look at John’s cock. It might have been hot if not for the pure (or, moderately pure) scientific interest that was written out on Sherlock’s features. Hell, who was he kidding? It was hot anyway.
The next update should be soon!  The next chapter will be the second half of their date night, and after that, it'll be a little epilogue!  I'll try to have the next chapter up within the next week or so.  Comments/kudos appreciated!
John immediately sat further back on the bed, putting his hands up in front of him to profess his innocence. “You said it was fine. I asked if I could, and you said it was fine, and, oh,
They simply looked at him, brow furrowed.
about him. It was so ridiculously sweet. He’d been scared that something would happen to John overseas. “You’re going to be in just as much danger here if you keep solving murders for Scotland Yard,” he pointed out, tone gentle.
“What’s wrong?” John asked.
Sherlock groaned again, loudly and dramatically, and John was grinning harder than he thought possible. He brought one hand up to stroke through Sherlock’s (ridiculously, impossibly, devastatingly) soft hair, feeling the little bumps where their antennae had been.
John used his grip on Sherlock’s arse to spread their cheeks even wider, exposing them further to John’s mouth. He licked into Sherlock again, humming at the feel of him. Sherlock’s skin was a deep purple, and they had their head buried in the crook of one arm. They were practically sobbing with each movement of John’s tongue, and John might have been worried had it not been for the steady, rhythmic motion of Sherlock’s hips as they rutted against the pillow.
[3 September, 7:43PM] One of my mugs. It shattered. SH
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
John blinked and glanced down at himself, appearing almost surprised with the fact that, yes, he was indeed standing at ease. He shifted awkwardly, clearly working to get himself out of that habitual stance. He looked back up at Sherlock. “Amazing.” And he really did sound impressed now. His lips had quirked upward into a little smile, and his eyes seemed to be sparkling, which didn’t seem strictly but was clearly happening nonetheless.
Sherlock frowned. “Nothing I wrote down looks like that,” he pointed out. He glanced down at the timer. “Thirty seconds.”
Subject: RE: You never do this
I’m not trying to.
Sherlock’s ears were tinged green for a moment, and they nodded.
[1:18AM] You don’t know for sure that you won’t. SH
It’s not morning where you are.
[3 September, 7:43PM] Consider it handled. JW
They appeared momentarily distracted enough to bring the two bowls of pasta over toward the kitchen table. They then went back and grabbed onto John’s arm to lead him to one of the chairs. “You need to eat,” Sherlock said. “You look like you might pass out.”
“Oh,” Sherlock said, his cheeks now heating for an entirely different reason. He didn’t know how to respond to that statement. He dropped his arms down to his sides.
[12:30AM] I’m not arguing. SH
John’s expression contorted in sympathy.  He rubbed his thumb along the back of Sherlock’s hand, clearly attempting to soothe him.  “Too soon for endearments?  Sorry. It just sort of slipped out.”
John grimaced. Christ, he’d really messed this up. He couldn’t believe that he’d ever been idiotic enough to believe Sherlock to be unattached. This argument had obviously affected them far more deeply than John could have anticipated. While he still didn’t want to seem too eager, he knew that he owed it to Sherlock now to express his feelings in some way. If Sherlock rejected him afterwards, well, John certainly would deserve that. He took a deep breath and steeled himself. “Would you still want to go to London with me?”
And now the nausea was even worse.
John smiled at him immediately from where he had set himself up in the kitchen. His eyes scanned up and down Sherlock’s body, and Sherlock felt himself heat all over. “Good morning,” John greeted.
[1:01AM] You hardly ever say it over text. JW
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
(See the end of the chapter for
,” he gasped as he arched his body up.
Sherlock ducked his head to hide his smile, peeking up a bit as he responded. “You look rather good yourself.” That was certainly an understatement. John looked perfect, as always. He was dressed in dark jeans and a pale blue jumper that brought out his eyes.  Sherlock wondered if the jumper was as soft as it looked. He shook that thought away.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m already a detective.”
Sherlock smiled. “They all know you’re in love with me now.”
Sherlock went to the library every day for the next week. He told himself that it was merely because he hadn’t finished his research for his paper on biochemistry. It had nothing at all to do with a certain rugby captain that happened to be there every afternoon from two until five.
. “Yeah, of course,” was what he said aloud. That was the first time he actually found himself excited at the prospect of returning to London. His love for the city had dimmed somewhat in the wake of his crushing boredom with civilian life, but he found that, for Sherlock, he would gladly go back and would probably even enjoy it. He cleared his throat and tried to pull himself together. “Your ship crashed here, didn’t it?” He recalled the metallic sound and the tree falling two days prior.
John paid for their meal, finally accomplishing what he’d tried to do back at the café nearly two weeks prior.
At that moment, John was distracted from Sherlock’s cleverness as he saw four of his teammates approach the café.
Sherlock didn’t need to be worried about that for very long, though. John almost immediately started kissing back, only pulling away when he tried to raise his injured arm to wrap around Sherlock’s neck.
[4:35AM] Be home in a week. JW
“I’m sorry, sir, but how did you come across this information?”
John took the tube and murmured a smug, “As you wish.”
“Solved it?” John asked, looking up from his book.  He looked proud.
John looked over at him, smirking a bit as if he knew that he was, in this moment, cleverer than Sherlock Holmes. “That award”—he gestured toward the wall opposite the sofa, where a framed award did indeed hang—“is for excellence in emergency medicine, and succinylcholine is still largely used in emergency medicine. Doesn’t leave much of a trace, but he’d have access to it, and—”
[6:18AM] And all of my army mates. JW
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
You’re being very presumptuous about your ability to influence my behaviour.
Sherlock refused to look at her and shut his eyes, trying his best to look like the corpse he would soon become. “I’m dying,” he said again. It had been days since anyone had even been up to check on him, and he had been in an even worse state without an audience nearby. Now, at least, he had Mrs. Hudson to fuss over him, and that was better than being abandoned up in 221B, left on his own to wither way into nothing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock didn’t react obviously, but his posture seemed to relax a bit, and John could tell he was smiling behind his hands.
Sherlock was surprisingly disappointed.  He had been anxious for almost their entire interaction thus far, but at least John was smiling at him, touching him.  Touching him
Subject: RE: You never do this
John nodded, not put off in the slightest. “Well, I’m going to be in medical school and then basic training, so I’ll probably understand you being busy.” He should have expected the way Sherlock tensed slightly beside him, but it reminded him that they needed to discuss the army a bit more. “So you like military men,” he said, recalling Mrs. Hudson’s comment the night before.
“You’re going to pay for that,” the man growled, and Sherlock did his best to look unimpressed in spite of the man’s fists gripping his suit jacket in a hold that would certainly damage the material.
Sherlock eyed the dog warily, having never seen one up close before. He reached out his hand, ever so cautiously, and gently stroked along the dog’s back.  Joey immediately moved closer to Sherlock and set about licking his face.  At the time, Sherlock had been sure that the dog was smiling back at him.  He giggled his little giggle and held his hands up in front of his face in a halfhearted attempt at deterring Joey’s loving attack.
.” John’s jaw was starting to cramp up a bit, but he wouldn’t dream of stopping, not when Sherlock’s hips were moving much more frantically. They were getting close. Fuck, it was hot. John brought a hand down to cup his own cock, stroking it slowly to try to ease some of the tension that was building within him. He moaned, and the sound must have done something for Sherlock, because not a moment later, their hips stuttered out a few more sloppy thrusts against the pillow before stilling. “Oh,
Subject: RE: You never do this
low,” John said once he’d arrived. He stood in Sherlock’s shower, straining up to fiddle with the showerhead.
Subject: RE: You never do this
Sherlock, in spite of his resolve not to care too much about John’s opinion of him, felt rather terrible reading through those emails. He leapt from his cab when he arrived at Heathrow and made his way toward the appropriate meeting point.
[2:21AM] I thought you hated stating the obvious. JW
(See the end of the chapter for
, though that would have been an incredibly disheartening thing to receive.
Sherlock let out a sound like he was dying and put his hands over his face.
John looked slightly embarrassed, but he was smiling. “Yeah, well, couldn’t have a murderer drive you home.”
By the time John pushed the door open, Sherlock’s heart rate had kicked up to nearly twice its normal rate, and he realised that he should have opened the door for John rather than just standing there in the centre of the sitting room like an idiot.
That seemed to satisfy Sherlock enough that they finally let go of their hold on their curiosity. “Someone called,” they said.
Then, because he still felt like a terrible person based on how he’d acted during their last date, he added,
John shook his head. He ran his hand through Sherlock’s hair again. “No, love. I don’t want you to go. I was being an idiot. I thought you wanted to leave here, and I should have asked you about it instead.”
That hesitant smile was back. John beamed, feeling successful. “It is, isn’t it?” Sherlock said.
Sherlock unfolded themselves from the sink and dropped back onto the ground. Their arm was quirked out oddly to the side, elbow pointed at John, and he stared at it in confusion before realising the significance of the gesture. The last time they’d walked back to the main house together, John had been holding Sherlock’s arm, and Sherlock clearly thought that was some sort of social custom now. John considered correcting them but decided that he’d do it later. Right then, he placed his hand around Sherlock’s arm and led them back to the house.
John was still smiling at him in that ridiculously charming way. “That thing you did with Wilkes and his friends today—that was incredible.  How did you figure out all that stuff about them?”
“You’re pushy once you get going,” John teased, although he let himself be led toward Sherlock’s room.
John was glad that the two of them had already reached the stage at which
,” he lamented.
It took him three hours to craft the text, simply reading,
“Right,” Lestrade muttered. “Can you tell if he’s hit any of the same bars twice?”
Sherlock’s chest was almost entirely hairless. Their skin was smooth, that pale imitative colour disrupted by an undercurrent of indigo that pulsed with every heartbeat. Two peaked nipples had appeared where there hadn’t been any before. John wondered if their primary and secondary sex characteristics only emerged when aroused or when otherwise needed. That would be a question for another time, though. Right then, John had more important matters to attend to.
John was perfect.
Ahh, I'm several days late with this!  Sorry!  I'd make up some excuse, but honestly it just took me longer to write this than I was expecting.
What do I think about you coming back?
They took nearly an hour to actually get out of bed, though they did very little talking in that time. It was mostly soft touches and gentle kisses, and John never wanted it to end. Eventually, though, the smell of breakfast wafting in from the kitchen roused them both, with Sherlock’s stomach growling to betray his assurances that he wasn’t hungry at all.
I don’t know what else you want me to say.
John furrowed his brow. “Answer me honestly, yeah? Is this your first time?”
John finished repairing the flat approximately two hours later, during which time Sherlock had essentially finished reading his favourite bits of his book. This time, he didn’t allow himself to be caught off-guard and instead immediately pulled out his wallet.
“Oh, John,” one of the researchers said, “you’ll have to come with us! You’re so good at spotting the capuchins.” She was the kind of woman he’d have gone after in his younger years. Adventurous, soft, traditionally pretty. For some reason, though, he couldn’t bring himself to pursue her. She seemed too much like the civilian life he was desperate to get away from.
From what he could decipher from that message and its general tone, John suspected that Sherlock was still sceptical of his motives, but he would make sure to banish those concerns once they met up in person.
And yet, there was a very distinct ringing coming from the direction of the landline.
Subject: RE: You never do this
“It took me a little while to find the field,” he admitted. “And I’m sure Lestrade wouldn’t have been bothered by you showing up by yourself.  If anything, he might get jealous seeing you here with another man.”
“Oh,” Lestrade teased, coming up, “was the captain on a date?”
[4:17AM] That’s when I heard that you were dead. SH
“Boyfriends?” Sherlock repeated, still not quite looking at him.
Subject: RE: You never do this
On his own now, John continued up the trail, trying his best not to get his cane stuck in the thick mud that covered the ground. It took him twice as long as it would have taken anyone else to reach the debris on the trail, but he got there eventually and was quick to cut away the vines and branches that had blocked the path. He was just about to turn back when he heard something.
I don’t know.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock had been pouring over the evidence for close to an hour before it hit him. He gasped as the pieces fell together. Obvious, really, it was so obvious. Even still, he knew that the police couldn’t have made that connection.
Sherlock turned around and ducked down next to the body, effectively hiding his expression from Lestrade. He knew his cheeks were pink, and there was an irritating smile on his face that he couldn’t seem to get rid of. He told himself that it was simply because he was appreciative of the watch manager’s cooperation. Nothing more. He had no further interest in the man that the other firefighters called Captain. He still hadn’t met the Captain, and that bothered him more than it should have. It didn’t matter, though. He hardly cared whether or not he met some almost stranger who had been mildly impressed with his deductions. And if he started to seek out more arson-related cases after this, then it would merely be because of his desire to keep London safe. It would have had nothing to do with any former soldier who happened to think he was brilliant.
“No,” Sherlock said, resisting the urge to fidget.  “But that doesn’t mean that he won’t say something later. He wanted to go to dinner with me tonight, so he might bring it up then.”  He bit his lip.  “What if John says that it was just a mistake?”
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
John pulled out, and Sherlock grimaced at the feeling of wetness seeping out of him as well. “I think I’d like that much more if I was still hard,” he murmured.
burn became readily apparent about fifteen minutes into the walk.
Sherlock couldn’t think of anything to say in response.  John was still holding his hand.  In public.  Where anyone could see.  It was still possible that John perceived their activities the previous night as being a mistake, though his deflection of blame off of Sherlock indicated that he thought they had both been at fault.
Sherlock’s skin glowed bright in the dark room. John was captivated. They trilled excitedly and dashed out of John’s room that instant. It was obvious where they had gone once John could see the remnants of that glow come through the gaps in the paneling.
Comments/kudos appreciated :) Not sure when I'll have the next chapter up but I'll try to make it within a week!
Murray snatched his radio back from Sherlock with a glare. “With all due respect, Captain—“
Mycroft paused again, and it felt like he was doing it on purpose just to give John time to doubt his own statement. “Has Sherlock told you about our parents?”
“I don’t know if I’d say ‘certified,’ but it certainly is an incredible opportunity.”  There had been a fond smile there.  “I know people are dead, but you look gorgeous when you’re excited about a case.”
[3:30AM] Not anymore. I’ll bet you’re not crying anymore either, are you? JW
“Never have I ever used ridiculous pet names with my partner,” Sherlock countered.
“I’m a certified consultant, John.”
(See the end of the chapter for
,” John told him, nothing but sincerity in his voice.
months ago when he was on leave.  He
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Sherlock continued to stare. He was beginning to feel hot all over, which was a marginally pleasant change from feeling guilty all over.
“There’s another rugby match tonight, isn’t there?” Sherlock asked as casually as possible at lunch on Friday.
In which they are happy, if separated.
[1:09AM] You’re supposed to take your partner into consideration over things like this. SH
John took a few steps forward so that he could reach out and run his hands down Sherlock’s arms. “I knew you were brilliant, but you’re so damn gorgeous, too. It’s not even fair.”
The pause was so long that John actually considered trying to start up a conversation with someone else in order to pass the time, but he ultimately couldn’t bring himself to do so. There was something about SH—perhaps it was the anonymity and inherent danger in that, or perhaps it was the deductions themselves—that made him far more interesting than anyone else in John’s address book. He figured that he would be just as bored texting anyone else he knew as he would be if he simply sat there in silence and watched his teammates bond with the other couples at the table.
Sherlock shook his head. “He hasn’t. Confirm with the victims’ credit card charges in the days prior to their deaths, but he seems to only strike once per location.”
to crime scenes!”
John couldn’t believe that Sherlock was trying to figure out what was bothering him. Surely they could tell. They were just being cruel pretending otherwise.   “Yeah, no. Not a lie. I don’t care what you do. Have fun on your way back.”
And, indeed, he had never done
(“You can’t actually tell everyone that ‘
to their line of work. Knowing what my planet rotates around has never been an interest of mine, and so it will never be something I need to know.”
Sherlock nodded, recalling how Scotland Yard had dismissed his information. At least Lestrade knew that he had been right. “All the murders committed using a different method, all in the victims’ homes,” he murmured, eyes scanning the information contained in the file.
Sherlock thought for a moment. He pulled the cold compress away from his face and dropped it onto the sofa. It was making his hand far too cold. “I could use a doctor in my line of work.”
Good.
And it was the thought of John’s cock that did it for him, that broke down the last of his restraint. “Bed,” Sherlock ordered, struggling to get out of John’s arms in order to pull them closer to his room.
“Yes. I’ve got all I need from this book.” Even still, he hovered awkwardly by the table for a bit longer than necessary.  “Well, I suppose I’ll see you later.”
,” Mrs. Hudson said when she brought a plate of food up for him one afternoon. She was using that reprimanding tone that she so often took with him.
Sherlock thought,
You can find me on
[4:37PM—UNSENT] Wish you’d give me your full attention like that. JW
[5:03PM] Hot. Boring without you. Lonely. JW
It was infuriating, having to wait.  He was reminded just how much he loathed it as his last distraction had been used up in calling in that tip.  It was still only Sunday afternoon, meaning he had to make it through several more hours still before he could see John again.  God, he was pathetic.  He pulled out his mobile and sent a text to Molly, thinking that she might offer some halfway decent company.
Sherlock nodded, still smiling. “That’s the hope.” He made his way into his bedroom to grab his coat. The weather was warm, but he liked to have it on him regardless when he went out. He slipped it on and was distantly aware of the fact that John had abandoned his attempts to fix the shower in favour of following him.
Sherlock stared after him, blinking, processing, for nearly three full minutes before he finally pulled himself together.  He was still smiling by the time he got back to his room.
John shook his head, grimacing at hearing his own voice speaking back to him. That was bound to get creepy. “No, no, it’s fine. Just surprising, like I said.” Then, after a brief pause, he asked, “How did you know my name is John?”
Sherlock finally jolted himself back into action.  “I went home with John last night.”
“Pleasure to meet you, Sherlock Holmes,” John said, and he again was smirking that smirk that made Sherlock’s knees weak. “I think I’m about done in there.” He tilted his head in the direction of the kitchen.
He smiled cheerily as he sat back down and passed one glass over to his companion. “You look like a man who enjoys whiskey,” he said.
“Here, we’ve mostly got a society where people mate for happiness instead,” John told them, and they seemed oddly intrigued by that fact. “What’s your species like?”
And then John was kissing him gently, his hand on Sherlock’s cheek and the press of their lips the only points of contact between them. John paused the kiss only to lean back and strip off his own shirt, and he tried to resume it immediately. Sherlock, though, was a bit too distracted to kiss back after that.
John shook his head, still grinning. “On this planet, that’s primary school stuff. Little nine-year-olds know that the Earth rotates around the sun.”
John Watson had used his hand to
Sherlock snatched the book from off its shelf and began making his way back toward the check-out desk, passing through a cluster of small tables to do so.
John laughed. “Don’t get too cocky.” He showed Sherlock the scrap of paper he’d been drawing from.
He heard a hoot off to his left, and he called back to indicate his position.
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
The man stomped off, his footfalls heavy with anger, leaving Sherlock alone in his sitting room on his collapsed coffee table. The air had been knocked from his lungs, so he allowed himself a moment to just breathe while the wood pressed uncomfortably into his back. He was glad that Mrs. Hudson wasn’t home, or she would have been fussing like mad.
It was clear once they approached the table that everyone had been waiting around to see who John’s date was. They had all been informed that he would be bringing someone with him for the first time in awhile, but none of them, save for Mike, had been privy to the knowledge of precisely who that mystery someone was. When the two sat down next to one another at the end of the table, the others kept sneaking furtive glances at Sherlock. John could tell by the awkwardness of Sherlock’s fidgeting beside him that the whole thing was making him uncomfortable, and he tried to help by placing a hand on Sherlock’s knee. He was kept from regretting that decision when Sherlock’s palm immediately covered his hand.
“Whoa,” John said, not moving his hands away as if he feared Sherlock would throw himself to the ground if he let go. “What are you doing?” He loosened his grip suddenly but didn’t let go entirely. “Do you want to stop? Is that what this is?”
, John replied after a brief review of the pictures again, and because he felt that SH might genuinely need clarification on this subject, he added,
“Yeah.”  But John didn’t move right away.  Instead, he merely stood there, looking at Sherlock for a moment before he seemed able to tear himself away.  Sherlock allowed himself to feel flattered.  “I’ll see you tomorrow, yeah?” John said, starting to back away.
[25 August, 5:16PM] Yeah, I had another potential client. JW
“Do you want me to put some aloe on your arms?” John asked. It was the day after their excursion out into town, and he could tell that there was something off. They were seated in the living area of the main house, and though they were mere feet from one another, Sherlock hadn’t spoken to him in hours.
Sherlock paused and shut his eyes, trying to force himself not to care about whatever it was that Wilkes wanted.
He gently nudged Sherlock back until they were lying down on the bed, John spread out on top of them. He kept one hand tangled in Sherlock’s hair, unable to get enough of that silky texture, and his other hand began sliding down Sherlock’s front. They were still wearing one of those button-up field shirts they had discovered somewhere in the house, and John desperately wanted to take it off. Judging by the low moans coming from Sherlock and the hardness John could feel against his thigh, he guessed that Sherlock probably wouldn’t mind that. He reluctantly tore his fingers away from Sherlock’s hair to undo all the buttons on their shirt until it could be discarded somewhere off the side of the bed.
Molly let out something akin to a squeal.
[12:20AM] Don’t leave me alone in the world. SH
John, speaking without thinking, jumped on the most interesting part of that statement, which for him was the affirmation of the romantic nature of their meeting. “This is a date?” John said, wanting to hear it said again. That was a mistake.
John could practically hear the other man’s smirk. “You’re very loyal, very fast. That’s interesting, considering your therapist in London noted that you have ‘trust issues.’”
Sherlock found himself smiling at the note, which was altogether surprising, as he hadn’t exactly given his mouth permission to do that. He stared at the note for a moment longer before grabbing his mobile and composing a quick email.
“I’ve surprised you,” John said, sounding ridiculously smug. He stood and started walking toward Sherlock, only stopping when their chests were nearly touching. John’s eyes flicked down toward his lips.
“I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings,” John said softly, smiling again as if he thought Sherlock was being a bit silly.
“Not necessary.” Sherlock did look up at him then, and John was surprised at the hardness in his gaze. “Besides, another friend of yours might walk in if we were to relocate, and we can’t risk them seeing you on a date with me, can we?”
Sherlock blinked over at him. “You mean that you couldn’t pick up on that?”
Sherlock stood and saw him, and, thankfully, he smiled, albeit a bit uncertainly.
“I’ve never been drunk before,” Sherlock explained.  “I want to make sure I remember what it feels like.”
John shrugged, feeling oddly awkward talking about this with Sherlock. “Have sex. They don’t always just have sex with one person. So it depends on your definition of ‘mating,’ I guess.”
Sherlock looked back at John, as if surprised by the question. “His wedding ring is old and scuffed,” Sherlock pointed out. “That says all you need to know about the state of his marriage. Plus, he keeps shielding it from view anytime an attractive woman comes in his line. He also overcharged the man that just passed through for his bag of coffee, so the assumption holds that he’s going to pocket that spare money and use it to pursue his true interest of sleeping with women he’s not married to.”
Here's the next chapter!  I've decided I'm going to do a short little one after this of them texting just to sort of further develop their relationship!  This has basically been all fluff and very little plot but in chapters 5-8 there'll be some plot!  I'm just a sucker for fluff I guess :)
[5:14PM] I’ll try to check messages soon. Talk to you later! JW
Do you have something for me?
“Don’t touch anything,” Lestrade said as he led John and Sherlock into the victim’s flat.
,” he said, his words choppy and disjointed as they were interrupted by little gasps.
John didn’t seem to mind, just favoured him with a soft smile. “I didn’t want our first kiss to be in front of a crowd.  I thought it might put you off.”
doesn’t think I’m too young.”
The higher-ranking officer scoffed. “You’re not doing anything like that,” he countered. “The scene hasn’t been cleared yet. We’ve got no confirmation that a murder occurred. This is a Fire Brigade matter. We haven’t even let the coppers in on it yet.”
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
, John’s hand gripped his arse.  Sherlock gasped against John’s lips, pressing back into that grip.
The finger inside of him rocked further in, moving in time with John’s mouth. John sped up so that he was bobbing up and down much more quickly while fucking into Sherlock with his finger. It was, in a word, heavenly, and in two words, too much. Sherlock could feel the rising tension within him, the tumultuous heat that indicated that this was going to be over very soon.
“Elsie?” John placed the paper on the armrest of his chair for good. “I thought Miss Hilton didn’t want to know about that…”
"According to the psychology books, you're clearly displaying signs of jealousy."
"It's cold in here…" Sherlock said, turning to Lestrade and eyeing an open window "…and he was cold. Don't you get it? Cold!"
John wanted to cry. If that was the way Sherlock had to tell him he’ll wait forever for a kiss he wondered what Sherlock wouldn’t do for him. He feared the answer. He exhaled when he repeated Sherlock’s word in his mind. He stole a quick glance up to Sherlock’s face and he saw a solemn expression trying to cover up his insecurities and - what he used to call years ago - his social ineptitude. Sherlock didn’t know what to do so he put a mask on whenever sentiment was involved. It made John uneasy at first but it pained him now.
"Who... what detective?" Sherlock asked with the most innocent voice he could manage.
sent at 04:26.
"You said fuck, John... see? Fuck is sex." Sherlock said, trying to grab something from his nightstand. He passed his hand there, finding only his lamp, it almost went to the floor if it wasn't for John's quick hand. "But fuck is a verb... I can say fuck me, I can say sex me, now can I... Ah! And fuck is an insult. I can say fuck you, but I can't say sex you... and I can say..."
John closed his eyes, lifted his eyebrows and inhaled deeply, clearly shutting down.
"There has to be something…" John muttered scratching the bridge of his nose with the pencil.
Sherlock’s mind started to work, not really caring about the cold in his room. He stared at the phone and moved it several times, remembering the digits, the 0’s, the symbols that he had a glimpse of, before.
“Ha! Funny, but no. I’m good.” John cleared his throat and pursed his lips to a side, Sherlock turned the screen of his phone off. “So. What do we do now?”
"That was incredible..." Sherlock mumbled.
As John felt the familiar weight over his own thighs, automatically, he rested his wrists on them, book still in his hands. Sherlock's lips lifted a bit when, after a couple of minutes, John started to scratch lightly on his trouser. Minutes after that, he was tapping, probably he was following a melody. Sherlock concentrated on the tapping rhythm, just out of curiosity, and discovered it was the Italian melody they were playing at Angelo's.
Sherlock smiled to himself. He had sent the smiley to cheer John up a bit. He knew his friend would be down. It was good to know how the simple gesture had its desired effects. He had spent several seconds staring at the smiley before convincing himself to press the SEND button.
"I was thinking about you." As soon as John realised what he had said, he regretted it and added quickly "How did you get the wound?"
John tried to stand up again, but he stopped. The position they were brought a little memory, at the time not important, but now regained strength: few weeks ago, being in Netherlands, Sherlock had called because he'd had a nightmare. In the nightmare, Lestrade had shot John because he wanted to kill Sherlock.
"Serial killers, homeless' murderers, Moriarty and such… you know, John. Fun stuff."
you were, but in a good way.” John looked at his own phone and then to the door of the bathroom, without really knowing what to do. He gave a short laugh as he straightened in his improvised seat. “I never imagined I was going to be locked in a bathroom today, the open lid is more comfortable than the closed one.”
There were two cameras in Abby’s office: a normal one and a 360° one. It wasn’t a surprise Abby allowed Sherlock and Craig to enter her office unsupervised just after introductions, what with the amount of surveillance. Sherlock wondered is those were thermal cameras as well.
John wasn't surprised at the moment for that song, since it's often performed on New Years' Eve, but then he understood the double meaning of it. The song is also known as
"But what about c-"
Sherlock lifted his spoon and stopped right in front of his lips. “No, not a coincidence. The universe is rarely so lazy.” Sherlock smiled that smile that reached his eyes, that teasing smile that could easily pass for flirty. It was a bit of an inside joke, whenever he repeated one of Mycroft’s slogans.
"Don't turn." He breathed out.
Mycroft lifted himself from the chair taking his umbrella and walked to both of the laptops on the desk. John stood up as well and crossed his arms over his chest as he watched Mycroft.
John's mouth fell open at that, because seriously, who talked about rape cases after... "Wh-!" he let out an incredulous smile and shook his head. "Okay, forget it. Did it work?" at the confused expression of the detective John clarified, lifting his brows. "Mind stimulation, I mean."
Sherlock saw over his shoulder the doctor and their landlady disappearing into the kitchen chatting friendly, he exhaled. With fast movements, he literally threw himself under the desk, tossing papers and letters around the room. The chattering of the two helped him to relax against his all predictions and precedents. He felt utterly comfortable with the familiarity of the situation, and again, against all of this predictions, he wasn't mad about being interrupted, quite the contrary. Being dramatically outrageous, putting a show as if he was looking for cigarettes had helped him to distract himself and analyze the situation.
John frowned but he didn't say a word.
case because I think it has to do with the database and the list of the cameras.”
that had escaped from his throat, unfiltered. He thought of the bold noise of wet flesh.
Sherlock lifted his face a bit. “She’s an MI6 trained agent who happens to have a nanny training. She used to be undercover for families in which the kids are usually the targets.”
“But he seemed disposed to prolong my eagerness.” He saw how John moved from the foot of the stretcher to the side, so the back of his head would be visible if the camera went off. He also noticed how John had started to pant but Sherlock couldn’t pinpoint when. He was too preoccupied with the hands that were roaming below the towel by his sides, thumbs grazing the protuberance of the bones of his hips.
, we were all his
“Yes,” Sherlock said, watching John clean his hands with a fresh towel and taking another bottle of oil which he opened to smear a bit on the second slide. He moved back to the opening of Sherlock’s thighs and started to massage both elbows at the time. Sherlock’s breath moved John’s fringe a bit. “They were named with hyphens and slashes. They all finished with O’s.”
, he corrected himself – since the man wasn't a touchy person at all. Even though, after some recent events, John could tell how Sherlock actually liked to be touched a little, even if he would never acknowledge it openly. He liked to be admired, to receive affect; he liked to be... stimulated, in body and mind, as he had stated himself. It was just he had never felt very comfortable with it.
"John, define date." Sherlock spoke suddenly, startling him.
I get it.” There was a brief silence and then John frowned and added, “He also mentioned his dog, Toby. Are we going on a hunt?”
John wanted to ask so many things, the first one being
"I'm going to take a shower now John, tell me your analysis when I come back."
"Shut up, Lestrade." Sherlock glared at him and started to walk. John and Greg shared a little smile, John still couldn't calm his panting.
Mycroft lighted Sherlock's cigarette. The younger brother dragged a big gulp of smoke, held it inside his lungs for a couple of seconds and then exhaled slowly.
John felt himself suddenly blushing. He read over and over that little sentence at the end.
John lifted his brows and looked over at Sherlock. “She’s looking at photographs of plants.”
an accomplice,” Sherlock shimmed in. “But she was also being threatened. We only need to prove it. That’s why I let you come so late in the evening.”
“Oh?” Sherlock lifted his brows when Martin left the photos back on the desk and placed his elbows on his knees, all business-like.
” Sherlock could hear some brakes. Small car, careless driver, not strong enough to control the wheel. He rolled his eyes and shook his head. “
“You were the last client today, actually,” John said, still beaming, as she rummaged through her pantry. “I had another induction to something else after you left,” he added and immediately cleared his throat. “Did… did Rosie get any sleep after nursery?”
There was a small moment in which neither talked, both just sipping their tea in companionable silence, stealing glances at each other from time to time until Sherlock’s eyes stayed fixed on John’s hands around the cup. A throat clearing took him back from his reverie.
In the blur of the moment, as he felt the wetness in his hands, he heard John’s soft
But things were slowly. He had to admit, he had the fantasy and it came to life again when Sherlock touched him. He wanted to touch him in more intimates ways still, he remembered he actually
“John, I appreciate your concern, but I assure you I’m completely fine just… please do
“No. I think she perfected the formula. PIEDRA formula had the victim feverish with a stomach ache first caused by the change of the pH of the gastric acid. Now the victims are just thirsty…”
“I don’t…” Sherlock had been left speechless, his eyebrows were high in his forehead and his mind was in a weird state of blank. He narrowed his eyes at John and he just… smiled.
Sherlock sat on his chair neatly dressed except for his blood red bathrobe and his bare feet as John read the newspaper in front of him. They had tea in silence before that, sharing a couple of complicit smiles now and then, not really talking that much and not really touching more than necessary.
“The phone is showing bright red on the camera. If it’s hot then that means she had some heavy app loaded. And she’s leaving 20 minutes after Elsie applied stop motion on the cameras. Coincidence?”
“Hell, no. No. I don’t even understand it myself.”
Sherlock came another but smaller step closer, his eyes never leaving John’s. “
Ten minutes passed with Sherlock’s eyes on his phone and John writing down times and which cameras had been triggered, when Sherlock purred in a soft voice, “Abby is here.”
“Hm? Yes! Elsie Patrick!” Sherlock ruffled the photos, handing John two of the bunch, “She and Miss Hilton have been in a relationship for five years, they’re even thinking about marriage. Probably kids,” one of the photos had Miss Hilton's arm around Elsie’s waist, another with the two of them engaged in a passionate kiss; there was even a bit of tongue showing up, the photo obviously taken by a third party.
"What?"
who brought up the topic! Okay... but he was the one to pursue it!
A strong impulse to do something for Sherlock overcame him; something different than what he had done before years ago. But he took too long to decide, this was all so new. His heart was beating like crazy. And even if he soldiered on, Sherlock was always faster than he was.
. Her looks were nothing extraordinary, but the way she held herself reminded Sherlock of Irene Adler. She was completely dressed, though. “Straight to the point, boys. William here told me by phone that you two can do better than our previous programmer, he also said the software structure is old. He had a glimpse of the data structure and told me it wasn’t updated?” Her eyes moved from Sherlock to Craig, not lingering in either.
"Well, since you like this fellow,
“She… disappeared.”
"Correct."
"Ahh... shit!" Sherlock felt a little pull at his hair. He smiled at that. Apparently, John cursed in this kind of situations.
And now, now it was the time.
"You think?"
"John..." Sherlock moaned, "God, John... John!" The slow pace they held slowly went to a crescendo, John couldn't take it as Sherlock pressed his buttocks further against him, he buried his face below Sherlock's jaw, the taller man felt his whole body burn but specially that part as John's stubble rubbed the juncture between neck and shoulder, hot breath was falling over his skin there.
And next to the man, there was a laptop. The screen showed that it was scanning a map.
Without a word, he kept on massaging, squeezing Sherlock's exposed torso, this time he ghosted his fingers over Sherlock's collarbone and moved them up to his long, exposed neck. He brushed his fingers through his chin and then moved his thumb along his lower lip. Right then, John was nearly entranced. He observed how Sherlock's chest moved up and down according to his - surprisingly calm - breathing. He also saw how Sherlock's tongue darted out to wet the spot his fingers had just touched. He could see the slow movement of pupils against closed eyelids, how the younger man's fingers wrapped the fabric of the cushions as John's hands never stopped his massage, alternating between shoulders, neck and jaw. On top of that, Sherlock was fully hard under layers of clothe. The air in the flat was too heavy and thick to breathe for the doctor. There was some kind of force around them, John could feel the lust, the desire flashing through his veins, with such force making the way out of his pores...
"John, could you make some tea?"
"Them?" The DI asked, she pressed a key on her laptop and loud sirens could be heard all over the place.
on Abby’s door.”
"What do you want to know?" Sherlock's tone was cold, bitter. He was walking faster now and John had to jog a bit to follow.
he muttered to himself and smiled fondly, his gaze aimed at the ceiling
Sherlock stared back for a long time. John felt extremely exposed; just staring at his companion's face, eyes, lips, nose... and he knew Sherlock was following his gaze and he didn't mind. Sherlock's eyes followed John's. He also danced his eyes along the other's face, taking in every detail, the light stubble, the shape of the ears, the little wrinkles around the doctor's eyes, the manly jaw line... Everything about John Watson felt right. Sherlock found himself smiling.
"Molly-"
“Oh!” she said, relieved, placing her hand on her chest. “I heard the door closing but then I didn’t hear any steps.” Her walking was smoother than usual, John noticed (a bit relieved, truth be told).
“Depends.” Sherlock left his spoon on his empty plate and crossed his fingers in front of his lips. “What do you want to know?”
And against all his wishes, he kept on thinking about the dream. It was just a dream, but he felt it was much more as if his own demons, fears and doubts were reflected in that dream. He frowned. It was actually terrifying being told about your fears and weaknesses in the voice of your enemy, an enemy that turned out to be the only mind in the world working like yours.
“Jes – Fine! You know what? Whatever, I don’t mind. Turn around before another click goes off. We’re already in the last half of the session.” At Sherlock’s incredulous face, John added, oddly calm, “I had to sign a fucking contract that very clearly stipulated that if I do not keep with the session lengths, products or any material in the spa, they could – and I cite –  take
Forgetting completely about Lestrade, who didn't say a thing to disturb them, John moved some curls out of the detective's forehead. Lestrade noticed the gesture, it held a brotherly sentiment behind, it was very familiar, as if John did it often. He found himself smiling at the scene in front. He had never seen John being this nice with anyone, and certainly had never seen Sherlock being so obedient with anybody.
Sherlock took a little notepad from his pocket; he opened it and handed it to John, the doctor read carefully.
"Can I talk to you? What's your name?" Sherlock asked with his
Sherlock had been clearly reciting something written by a man, though. The way he said the ‘
So here he was now, trapped by his own words. Yes, sexual arousal could be controlled. He took a deep breath and looked down at John again. He stood up and took off his trousers and freed his arousal from his pants as well.
“Come on,” he purred, throwing his head back on the chair, eyes still closed. ”Just say it, you always do.”
Lestrade took his phone from his pocket and dialled a number. He could see Sherlock trying to tell John something about the laptops' passwords. Even in the state he was, the detective's mind was still working trying to solve any mystery presented. The DI smiled amused, shaking his head. It was the same with the case of the hiker and the boomerang; Sherlock had been talking about the case even drugged, and he was almost certain Sherlock had solved out the case whilst he was sleeping. Sherlock really was worthy of praise. Lestrade admired him... but that doesn't mean it was still hilarious to watch the detective behaving like this. He stopped his thoughts when he heard the feminine voice at the other side of the phone.
"Oh, shut it."
Or maybe some of the aphrodisiacs had been actually absorbed by his body, going by his wild heartbeat and the throbbing feeling low in his gut.
With a last sigh and a headshake, trying not to think, he stood up and walked to the bathroom. The shower was running and he placed his hand over the door handle. Why was this so difficult now? He was used to enter the bathroom sometimes to release his bladder when John was in the shower and John did the same. And now, his bladder was hurting and the semi erection wasn't helping, and some sort of force was holding him out of the bathroom.
"Shut up." John gave a friendly punch with his elbow on the other's stomach. "I find that incredibly dull now."
"Oh shut it." Sherlock couldn't help a smile in between his frown; his shoulders moved in a single short chuckle, his eyes were still closed. "Seriously though... you're the first person in my life to ever call me stupid."
"My ex boyfriend. His name was Sherlock, but he definitely wasn’t a detective."
Slowly, a grin formed on the face of the tall man, he stretched a bit again and walked away saving the phone inside his shirt pocket.
"That face... the face that clearly says 'I'm so bloody apprehensive with my feelings right now, but I have to keep being cool' face."
Sherlock disappeared to the bathroom and the doctor was left with the book over his palms. He rolled his eyes and, giving an infuriated sigh, he read the contents of the marked page of the book; there it was explained the reaction of a parent: rage, self-blame, disappointment, frustration... it also explained how a parent could have a severe long lasting depression, and then the way to let it out. There were people who threw objects against walls, others who screamed. Then it was compared to another situation, when people tends to introspect; people with anxiety for eating, or talking, or neither... it even explained about suicidal tendencies. He closed the book, hoping Christine weren't one of the last.
John blinked a couple of times looking at the book in front. "Okay... Sherlock... What do you want me to do?" When John spoke, trying to keep his mind focused, his eyes were inevitably shutting down with the book in front. He handed it back to Sherlock.
When there was no reply and several seconds had passed, John finally peered over. Sherlock lifted his face allowing John to observe every second – almost in slow motion – how Sherlock’s face morphed from surprised, affronted, angry to, finally, dare he say, scared.
"Excellent. What did you find?" Sherlock's voice was a bit rough, unused for the last six hours.
It was eight in the morning already and his body was tired, his stomach rumbling and his heart beating as fast as last night. He needed air. He needed…
for woman, like in binary, zero means false, then two for he's a man..." the detective moved his index finger around the card, Armand and John were concentrated expecting the rest of the explanation, "second pair of digits: one, two; second option 'sex is male press one, sex is female press two' since Armand is bisexual, one for true, two for both options. Third, trio of numbers: o, two, o. Third option 'between thirty and forty', zero for false in twenties, two for the second option, zero again for false in forties..."
John smiled looking up at the ceiling, he sighed and then muttered
"It's okay, don't apologise so much, doesn't suit you."
John had to blink a couple of times. Even he had to admit it, the bloke in front was a little too much. The voice reminded him right away of an infomercial. It wasn't a deep voice, but it was utterly masculine and it suited perfectly into the canon of the man.
"Right away, Sherlock." he said, still with a smile "See? Dr. Watson's blog can come in handy sometimes, even if you don't want to admit it."
John noted how, as he was thinking about Sherlock, his features were drawing a frown that went deeper each passing minute. He was doing what the detective used to do; compare data. Now, with the new case at hand, the one they had solved, he knew Moriarty had a plan for later. He would protect his friend. No matter the cost. Even if he had to lie, even if he had to play along Mycroft, he would protect Sherlock. He didn't want to be in the same position again, like that time at the pool. That time, John had felt weak. He had felt powerless against Moriarty, when his accomplices had arranged the bombs all over him, when they dragged him to the pool, when they told him the exact words he had to tell Sherlock
After a little eye battle between the two brothers, where they were clearly scanning each other, Mycroft spoke up. "I didn't come to ask you as your brother, Sherlock. I came here to order it to a consulting detective as part of the government." He said, darting his brows up.
"You never stop to amaze me..." John shook a bit his head, never changing his position.
John grinned. Yes, he remembered they talked about that even in the blog's comments. Sherlock complained a lot for the constant references John used to make about their cases.
He closed his eyes briefly and inhaled deeply again, the corners of his mouth draw down, the scarf up to his nose.
"I know, Sherlock. But as you're my only friend too, I can't allow you to protect me, really, I have my pride, you know."
And about Sherlock, John had to admit he was infinitely amused on how Sherlock seemed to follow his every request now. Even Lestrade had been teasing them, Sherlock specially.
"I want to run my fingers over your cheeks... touch your neck... I know your skin is almost alabaster, but I can almost see how it flushes under my touch. I would love to run my hands and fingers over your collarbones, your shoulders..." the man was clearly touching himself now.
. And Sherlock hated cheating.
Armand frowned, "What? Is that really okay?"
"I only remember... I couldn't think. I was scared to death and I told you that. I saw the monster." John moved his legs as he spoke, bending his knees and letting his legs to dangle from the couch, leaving space to Sherlock's peculiar position.
"Obvious. I will try and stimulate my mind by talking to you and you're going to help me, all right?" Sherlock said in a serious tone.
"One... Hm?"
Sherlock came with a low, almost silent moan. John heard gasps and felt the erratic jerks in his hand and Sherlock's hand squeezing his own.
Sherlock let out a little laugh, "we were doing something we both enjoy, John", he smirked, looking into John's amused eyes.
"What happened in the lab?" John asked curious. Sherlock was about to answer when, unconsciously, John moved his thumb behind Sherlock's ankle. The detective startled and stiffed in his sitting position.
would be
"I don't want to be labelled, John."
"I felt the weight of the world over my shoulders tonight." John stared at his half glass of beer. Even if they were really close, John still had to talk loud. "But you just enter here and threw it all away." He added, shaking his head with a smile still plastered on his features. Then he turned his face to Sherlock, who faced him back, the smile remained there. There was something very significant in John's eyes, Sherlock had suddenly forgotten how to breathe. "Thank you, Sherlock." John planted his hand firmly over Sherlock's thigh, giving a friendly squeeze there. "Really, thanks."
“Doctor Watson, actually,” Sherlock answered as he took a pair of handcuffs from his pocket.
"Who cares about coffee! Where was it?" Demanded Sherlock, his palms over Lestrade's desk.
John snorted a little, still gasping lightly.
"Why would he say something about a hot line?" he asked, taking the book carelessly. His breathing had increased, John just frowned at the oddness of it.
"Dr. Watson..." Armand spoke in a small voice, obviously not wanting to wake Sherlock up. "Please, don't feel uncomfortable around me. I don't really want to step between you and-"
He imagined John touching him, massaging him, he remembered the slippery noise and conjured the contact of John’s delicate hands massaging his biceps, his free left hand moved to his own right arm and squeezed, hard. It was a simple move but his brain was deeply into it and, as he massaged his arm, all of the air in his lungs went out. His penis was almost half-erect now.
John frowned, trying to listen to the conversation downstairs.
John snorted and laughed shortly. This was going nowhere. Again, John fixed his eyes on the road, the corner of Sherlock's lip curved in a knowing grin that faded slowly, looking at the sandy hair on the back of his companion's head. Of course Sherlock knew what John was talking about. He never intended to give Armand the same salute than The Woman, but it has just happened, even
was in the middle of it; and it had a lot of doors; one of them being for the room
of feeling – yes, a
"No this time, no." '
The doctor toyed with his glass of beer; moving it from one hand to the other, clearly uncomfortable. Sherlock was expressionless still. His eyes scanned everywhere but he was not really paying attention to anything. For the first time, it was an awkward silence.
“Mr Holmes, I’ve worked undercover in the opiates’ department for five years, basically since I got recruited. I lived in the suburbs for a year pretending to be high. These,” he lifted a bit the photos, “are not really that awful. I’ve definitely seen worse.”
“Well, it worked, didn’t it?”
"Because, Molly, you never buy anything lavender... your lipstick is pink, your blog is pink, and if you're wearing anything like that, it's clearly because it's a gift." Sherlock examined the content of a test tube and threw a drop of a white liquid in it; it turned slowly to a shade of green. He wrote some notes down and continued, passing his pencil between his fingers a bit. "If it was a gift from someone you didn't care about, you wouldn't use it. But since it's from a friend you use it all the time in case you should encounter him, you want him to know you care enough to use it."
coming from John’s lips. Instead, John asked, “How do you think this is going to look on the cameras?”
"'M fine."
in the same room?" John asked typing absently.
nervous, besides heavily aroused and completely prickly. He
"There is nothing more to do here, John. Case solved. It's nearly ten now... dinner?" John’s eyes were battling between the girl and Sherlock. A single tear was escaping from one of her eyes and Lestrade couldn't help but frown, he was as confused as John.
John massaged his temples and sighed. The cheerful nature of the young man in front seemed completely gone as he spoke of the market and the girls. He was like a totally different person now; his intense gaze directed to the doctor didn't fade, but his voice had lowered quite a bit, and there was a light tremor in it.
"Sherlock?" John's voice echoed in the place since he was now a few meters behind them, Sherlock watched the doctor retrieving a paper from a box and got closer to them. "I think this might be of help... I've seen that face before..." John handed the paper to his companion.
"No, I'm a under a different department. It's not even in the same facility so I never saw anything, to be honest. I only heard about it yesterday." The young man sighed tiredly, "I came here all the way from the other side of London, just to find you and Mr. Holmes as soon as I heard."
Insufferable. A pain in the arse. A real, royal dick.
John moved his leg away from Sherlock's and he saw, with his peripheral vision, how Sherlock suddenly turned his head to look at him. He didn't move. Sherlock face moved closer, his lips almost touching his shoulder. John fixed his eyes on the girl with pretty ass. His other leg was flickering in a nervous gesture.
"Are you alright?" Sherlock focused his eyes on his companion's, repeating the question.
"I just wanted information, Sherlock. And he is the one that looks for me, you know."
For some reason, he wanted to tell Sherlock that, Mycroft knew there was something between them, a friendship perhaps? A mutual understanding? Simple attraction? He was certain that it was not near as deep as with Dr. Watson but, knowing about his little brother had always been a mystery to him. Even though he claimed it wasn't. It was too easy to just check Sherlock's history of the last months, phone conversations, for example, but he knew there had to be something deeper there. Sherlock would never leave everything exposed to simple view.
"Do we really need to do this?" John tried to protest even if he got closer to Sherlock.
"No. I just splashed myself in the sink."
John smiled and shook his head. He walked to Sherlock and took his own jacket at the time his thumb moved slowly by his phone.
. I’ve never… I mean, I’ve been in therapy. I’ve seen the bottles they use. The
Sherlock snorted and turned his face to John. "Why?"
When they finally reached the door at the back of the house, she stopped, deactivated an alarm before it went off, walked inside and then turned it on again.
“No. I do have an appointment with Abby Slaney, but not for a massage.”
John smiled gently at her once again as she walked downstairs. Then, bringing his bag with him, he walked up to his room and left his stuff carelessly on the floor. He sat on the edge of the bed and his mind began to race on how to deal with it all... with Sherlock. He didn't know how to proceed after last night. After
. He quickly scanned the cafeteria. Sherlock was easily spottable, so soon John knew he wasn't there.
"You do have to know a couple of things, John." Sherlock's tone lowered, "we're in a new case... and confidential. You can't post this on the blog."
Those were probably the longest three seconds in John’s whole day.
John had to suppress a little laugh at Sherlock's serious face "Uhm... yeah, pretty much," he rasped out clearing his throat.
material for your personal amusement. You did it once, and that was enough."
"John. Where's the line?"
Sherlock let out a throaty sound when John's hands moved to his collarbone. The doctor saw how his friend's hand slid all the way from its position at the back of the sofa to the front of his trousers in a lazy movement, how he accommodated the erection forming down there. John gulped again, but didn't say a thing about it.
"Condoms?" Sherlock pulled the collar of his coat up.
he recited the effects in his mind as he gulped down another big amount of the liquid.
"I can do that, too" Sherlock startled a little when he felt Armand kissing lightly his earlobe, he felt then a light nibbling, "I seriously think you're brilliant. Every case I read on the blog exposes your intelligence and your analytical power. Your mind... must be... a fortress, full of information, a computer that never shuts..." the hot breath of the younger man was tickling his ear.
At first, he used to get a hard-on when listening to some of his companions making out in the field, moaning sweet nothings to each other or simply touching themselves. He was a boy back then. After a couple of months, he could sleep peacefully next to a bloke who had the tendency to wake up at four in the morning, pull all of his porn out and wank for hours.
"Mm?" John turned to him and his mind slowly came back to the reality outside the book; his hand was buried inside Sherlock's trousers. Little leg hairs were now with impossible knots caused by his finger's friction. His little and ring fingernails left two red half-moon marks on his skin. "Jesus! I'm sorry, Sherlock..." John offered taking his hand away and passing his thumb over the two little marks, as if to erase them "I got a little carried away."
John entered the room and a quick deduction told Sherlock that John had definitely been on his surgery office, sitting in front of the computer going by his trousers at the back of the knees and his red eyes (he needed glasses) and had taken the tube, going by his shoes and jacket.
Armand looked at the detective for a while. He left his cup over the table behind him and closed the space between him and Sherlock, who didn't move but only looked back with inquisitive eyes and his wrinkled brows. Armand inhaled deeply, like encouraging himself. Slowly, he wrapped his arms around Sherlock's torso. The detective moved his arms up, caring not to spill the coffee over the younger man, who inhaled deeply again against the other's shirt, gave a last friendly squeeze and then stepped back.
"God...! Sherlock… you are amazing…"
again. "Lets' see... first; you were right about the drugs dealer."
"We can manage it, Sir."
"Thaaaanks a lot, it's so good to see somebody finally understands! Oh
"Jesus! Sher-" John was visibly startled and turned to yell at him - but was stopped by what he saw: Sherlock was wearing a black sleeveless shirt, black jeans, his right upper arm was wrapped in a piece of black fabric covering what seemed to be a still-bleeding injury. In his other hand there was a long-haired wig. Sherlock looked taller and paler than normal… and thinner. "…what the hell?"
It confirmed his theory that all the
"Sherlock..." the taller man didn't stop, he kept on rubbing his cheek."Sherlock! It's alright!"
Calming his breathing, eyes still closed, he cleaned himself down the stream of water. He opened his eyes only when everything was back to normality and he smiled as he tilted his head up, water falling over chest.
"Oh my... what happened?" As John got interested in Sherlock's narrative, he unfolded his arms and started to tap on his ankle again.
"And?"
"Oh John..." Sherlock threw his head back again with a nearly dramatic sigh, his eyes closed in an evident state of relaxation, "... this brain massage is marvellous..."
John kept brushing his fingertips over his back; they ran to the sides of his torso. He moved them below the armpits and trailed down. He could feel how Sherlock's muscles really tensed at that, his goose bumps making the little hairs on his nape stand up, as well as the hairs on his arms. John went lower until he reached the sided of his waist, almost touching the hip bone. There, he applied pressure with his fingers and rubbed the small of his back with his thumbs, one hand each side of Sherlock's waist. He made a lot of pressure there with only one movement.
John could hear and see Sherlock’s little snort and his shoulders slumping. “If you’re worried,
"I'm sorry, John... I didn't know Lestrade..."
John turned to Sherlock and pointed an accusatory finger at him. “Ye- So you knew the man. That’s why the old man taken into custody was so quiet… I had been wondering the whole time.”
They walked through a neat kitchen, old in style, painted in pink and purple colours, some plants here and there. They passed a corridor with a high and old fashioned ceiling, yet everything was clean and arranged like in an interior design magazine, some lamps hanging low in some corners.
"All right. Pass me another one." Sherlock waited for a while with a high and annoying music in the background. He was actually finding this experiment dull and a little childish. The main purpose of this whole stage was to make sure about his body's reactions to a source of stimuli.
Silence. Sherlock was right. He had forgotten that you have to keep your mind working at two hundred percent to deceive Sherlock.
The text is from Teleny, or The Reverse of the Medal. It’s supposedly written by Oscar Wilde, even though is listed as Anonymous.
"Hm?" John returned his attention to his right, looking at Sherlock who never unlocked his gaze from the device in front of him, he actually never heard the phrase. "That... is not your phone." He added getting closer to the detective, trying to read the contents of it as well.
John gritted his teeth.
Sherlock never thought to be back into Bart's mortuary so soon and this time, not as a consultant detective but as a "corpse".
"You waited long?" Sherlock sat down in front of her.
"Thank you... very much." Armand stood petrified in front of the detective. Sherlock's lip corner curved up a little as he realized how the confused attitude left him completely exposed. He could finish the reading he had started before.
John thought about the answer for a moment, never lifting his gaze. He wanted to do a lot of things, but he didn't dare to. He wanted to keep on touching Sherlock. He wanted to be touched back, too.
“Today I came for work,” Sherlock said and noticed how Abby was watching them from the corner of his eye. That was good.
Sherlock nodded, "That's why he always hires people to do his dirty job."
A good hearty laugh was heard from both, Wilson and John. Martin just frowned.
Phillip laughed, his almost bold head shinning with the faint lights of the office. "Come on, Mycroft... you're better than that!" Mycroft's disgusted expression was deeper now, his discomfort was clear, "you know how even the most minimal non important detail can be transformed into a very powerful tool. I tell you this as a friend." The man in front of Mycroft took his phone from his pocket. "Would you mind if I make a call?"
