It was hot, but not too bad under the green.  Tony figured he was sweating more because of carrying Viper than the heat, though thankfully she was much lighter than Pepper.  Not that he'd tell Pepper that.
It was too hard to see in the orange glow of the setting sun, but Steve could have sworn there was a light blush on Tony's face before he turned away.  He cursed the lack of real light, because
"This is First Lieutenant Li.  The warehouse has been evacuated, Captain," a voice told him.  "There's too much in the warehouse to abandon it, however.  We've been fighting them the best we can, but-"
"You're a soft touch, boy," Jarvis said, though his scowl was twitching into a smile.  "You can't save everyone."
"This - He'll be angry with you too when he finds out," Steve said.
He didn't hesitate to follow the order, grabbing his away bag and stuffing in the nearest clothes he could find.  "Sitrep?"
"It won't heal completely."  Steve's voice sounded weaker, but he still continued.  "But it'll work longer.  Combined with the orichalcum it should work just like a normal heart."
He had to remind himself not to hold his breath.  He couldn't help Tony if he didn't want it.  He couldn't force Tony to trust him.  It was all up to Tony now, and as much as it killed him, this would only work if Tony was trying too.
," Tony said in exasperation.  Steve felt a little guilty for presuming, but Tony had nearly gotten them discovered the last time he'd 'picked up a few things' for Susan on his own.  "But I've got the shipment logs as well as the prisoner transfers upstairs.  We may be needing two more sets soon, after all."
"I'm not-"
"Are... Are you awake now?"
"Miss Potts, while I wouldn't dare question your resolve," Tony said, grunting as he had to bank hard to the right.  "I do question your timing.  We are a bit busy."
There were also four chicken breasts neatly wrapped up in plastic off to the side, waiting for whatever Tony was planning for them.  Taking in the ingredients that were laid out, Steve did some mental cataloging and figured it was some kind of roast chicken?  Why would Tony be making that?  Even when Tony did cook, it was never anything
"But why wasn't his name on that report?" Steve asked, feeling a twinge of sorrow that accompanied Coulson's name.  He hadn't known the man that well, but Natasha, Clint, and Iron Man seemed to have.
"Yup.  Even Reed won't find fault in it.  Don't worry, I've taken out the parts that will make it work, but Sue's promised to release a statement on Reed's behalf saying the control was absolute and none of it was Jan's fault," Tony said casually, as if he hadn't just admitted to creating a fully functional mind control device.  "They'll be begging for movie rights."
"Not the time, honey," Tony said, checking on his cub scout.  Rhodey was hanging in there, but even with support she wasn't going to make it like this.
* * *
"Oh, I think that's enough of that," someone said.
"He feels bad about leaving you before," she told him.  "Especially since you were attacked."
"No matter," Kor'la'vin said.  "I will find her, and that little brat in the Iron Man armor won't last.  But you...  The original Iron Man.  You could work for us."
It was getting too bright to see and Tony raised a hand to shade his eyes.  "Steve..."
"I tried, sir, but you said to just send them up or send them away as I recall."
In the end, he couldn't quite articulate it.  There was a brief awkward silence that Iron Man finally broke.  "Well, this got depressing.  I have a message for you, by the way."
"How does it go...?" Thor said, frowning softly.  Then he brightened considerably.  "Ah, yes.  '
"You're sulking in Stark's lab," Natasha said, her eyes narrowed.  Worry crept into her voice.  "Is everyone-"
Steve didn't speak, and Tony almost thought that the conversation had ended with Steve's polite nature trumping his stubborn insistence.  Which was why Steve's soft reply startled him.  "Okay."
"What for?" Steve asked.
By the time he got to the hangar where the War Machine armor was being kept, his phone chimed.  '
Rhodey pulled him into a one-armed hug and Tony rested his head on his shoulder.  "I've been with you a long time, Tony," Rhodey said.  "Even when I tried to quit you, I couldn't stay away too long.  We've been through a lot, you and me."
"All families bond like that?" Tony asked, feeling a little disturbed by the notion.
Tony brought up the flashlight to check over the suit with a critical eye.  "Not bad for the beating she took," he said, checking for any major fractures.  He pulled out the rest of the survival kit, strapping on the guns and spare clips.  Jarvis was certainly prepared for going down in enemy territory.  "Looks like the suit is better built than me to withstand that.  Hm... More buffering in the next version.   Damn, that'll throw off the weight for the rockets and still doesn't solve the air pressure problem..."
It worked until Steve started pacing again, and as much as Tony liked watching Steve's ass as he walked by, it was really not helping.
"Leon, stand down," Steve ordered, turning towards the kid and letting it drop for now.  "Tony was stalling.  I asked him to."
leave to avoid her, figuring that was the reason she gave him the courtesy of the warning.  It was a warped definition of consent, but their lives had never exactly been normal.
Steve nodded, pushing away the disappointment.  "Could you tell him I'd like to speak with him if he's up for a break sometime?"
Sam's nostrils flared.  "Oh, so you can be angry with him, but we can't?"  Sam asked playfully, whacking Steve lightly on the head with his tail.
"I suppose he's pretty enough for a human," Steve said.  "But I still question your choice in partners, Sam."
He dropped the branch down and considered jumping to show off, but he decided against on the basis that a broken leg of his own would make him poor company.  He climbed down, grabbed the stick, and presented it to Viper with flourish.  "A walking stick for you," he said with a rakish wink.
"No pressure then."  Tony pet Steve's head, listening to the dragon's breathing.
"Think it's Thor looking for us?" Steve said after a minute.
The news continued to report the inauguration, and Leon felt even more detached from reality.  Reality wasn't something he understood anymore, not when AIs were the only comfort they had while someone who was the head of the same race that had tortured him and Kes for the past two years was elected President.
"Just give me some time down there," he pleaded.  Pepper Potts was a formidable woman when she was worried, and he wasn't up to fighting her right now.  "You can bully me to bed later."
"Can I ask why, sir?" Steve said, feeling it was a bit odd that Fury was asking him instead of Clint.
"I couldn't ask you to-" Steve started to say.
He flushed, but looking down was no longer an option.  Kes only liked girls, but Leon had always been more flexible when it came to genders and Cap...  Well, the original Captain America
"You can speak to him from here?" Viper asked, sounding surprised.  "That must be how you survived before.  I wonder, how would the ZEMO formula affect a mental link?  If you and your dragon prove resilient again, Hydra might have more use for you.  I don't think it's worth the effort of keeping you alive, however, not when I have my prize."
It hurt something deep inside of Steve that George Washington wasn't taught in schools.  It made sense.  America was a country in the past and not even on the same planet.  It just killed the small part of him that felt history was important.
Tony threw his arms around Steve's neck, giving the dragon what warmth he could.  Steve curled around him, cold cheek rubbing against Tony's warm one.  His headache faded to a manageable level; he suspected it was Steve's influence.
"He's going to kill himself."
"You promised to protect me, right?  That's what War Machine does, protect Iron Woman."
change the rest," Steve said, curling his tail around Tony's waist as if to pull more of Tony's warmth into himself.
fly," Steve said, grudging admiration for the metal machine making its way through him.  There was no small amount of wonder for Tony either, the man who'd made it.  "And you don't mind that it's all metal?  Is it magic?"
Pacing had done nothing to help the adrenaline rushing through his veins.   He strode to the elevator, not sure where he was going, but needing to go somewhere.  "JARVIS, where is Tony?" he snapped.
"Who am I to deny a lady?"  He compiled a mental list.  He may not date as many men, but he remembered enough and he had a knack for faces and names.
He was showing a drawing of a cat to Sam when his friend reminded him of the second idea Tony had proposed. "You should post those online," Sam said.
Taking one last breath, Susan straightened up and made sure her attackers were down - then shot at the controls one more time for good measure.  She flew back out the window, parallel to the train.   Putting on a boost of speed, she raced ahead.  The train was fast, but thankfully she was faster.
It took Tony a moment to realize that the grumpiness that accompanied the thought of letting him go was not his.  It was a little terrifying, because it was a level of intimacy that Tony had never experienced before.
"Tony-"
"He was there," Tony said again, wondering if he was becoming a broken record.
Fury sighed, sitting next to Steve on the park bench.  "Nick Furry?  Really?"
Sam met them on the ledge of the building.  "Steve?" Tony asked, because making sure Steve was alright was now a priority.  If Steve wasn't here to meet him, then where-
The camera went back to Tony, who was leaning against the wall, pale and fragile-looking.  "Kang...  He came from the future to kill Steve.  He thought Steve would destroy the world during the Skrull invasion, but neither the Skrulls nor the Kree stood a chance against his technology.  He'll come to kill Steve, and he will succeed.  He has succeeded."
"He woke up," Tony repeated.
"Because it doesn't take a genius to realize I kissed you
Jarvis cleared his throat awkwardly.  "I raised you like my own after Howard died, and I'm proud of you no matter who you tumble in the bushes.  And if he was making you happy, I ain't got much to complain of."
Stepping out into the garden was enough to relax the tension out of his shoulders.  Steve pulled in a breath of the air, breathing in the scent of flowers on a summer's evening.  He could still read the signs politely asking the guests to stay out of the gardens in the sun's amber light as he ducked under the rope blocking it off.  This was Tony's childhood home, and he had told the Avengers the mansion was open to them just like the Tower was and that they could go where ever they wanted.  So Steve didn't feel too badly as he followed the path through the hedges to watch the sun set.
Tony was frozen, and Steve couldn't do a damned thing.  He couldn't help with the science, he couldn't punch time and expect it to start again.  He couldn't even keep searching like Howard had all those years ago.  "Hey, Shellhead," Steve said, his voice cracking.  With no one there to hear, he didn't care.  "We're gonna figure something out.  I promise."
Tony let out a loud guffaw, laughing until he was doubled over.  He was sure Steve and Sam were exchanging worried glances, but after everything and the War... It felt like it had been ages since he'd laughed like this, even before he was involved in the war effort.  He may have been laughing too hard, but he had needed it.  Dear Lord, he had needed that.
Steve shut his eyes, forcing his thoughts away from that.  Stark hadn't even been that hostile when Steve assumed about the affair.  Something had spooked him.  Something had him scared enough to lash out and-
Whatever Tony had heard in his voice made his shoulders slump.  "Yup," Tony said dully.  "I am Iron Man.  Fancy that.  Just don't come any closer."
Before Tony could launch on a lecture on proper science, uplift, and aerodynamics of the suit, Sam interrupted.  "It needs more color," he said critically, poking at the armor with his claw.  "It's grey and dirty-looking."
"Steve..."
"Calm down," Steve said.
"There sure is a lot on here," Steve said, loading ten more posts.
He grabbed Tony's wrists, stopping him from moving, but Tony still didn't look up.  "Stark," he said warningly, watching Tony's shoulders hunch at the name.
"I want to try again," Steve said, his voice firmer.
Then he realized another perk.  "Besides, if I have you on my arm, it'll stop anyone like Mrs. Fairfax from coming on to me."
He wanted this to be real.
"Alright," Steve said, some of the anger subsiding.  He could at least do that much.  "Thanks.  I'll see you guys later."
He cut himself off as he tried to stand, vertigo making him stumble.  Peggy caught him with her tail, setting him down as the dizziness receded.  "The healing takes energy from both parties, Tony.  You need rest, even after light healings."
Tony would have flicked her off, but he was more mature than that.  Not that he didn't love that side of Tony, no matter how much he tried to hide it under disapproval.  Tony usually only acted that badly when someone had struck first, and he did it because he didn't care what they thought of him.  Steve envied that a little, since as Captain America he couldn't do that.  And he may or may not have a thing for Tony's grin when he'd turn around after doing something outrageous, his brown eyes positively gleaming with smugness.  And how expressive Tony would get with his hands and...
Steve nodded, letting go of Tony's wrist now that he was staying put to finish tending his knuckles.  He really should clean it out properly, but the Neosporin was in the kit and he didn't want to move further away from Tony.
"Cut off one tongue and two more will wag," she said.  "Those don't grow back."
"You gonna put me there, Cap?" Tony said, leering up at him.
you wake up."
Getting the jet ready required little effort, mostly just letting the pilot know and letting her take care of things.  Steve did watch the movement of the armor carefully, because the last thing they needed was for even a piece of that, as maligned as it was, in the hands of people like the ones who had kidnapped Tony in the first place.
Leon groaned, and Tony tried to pull away.  Steve held on automatically, until he saw the quickly hidden flash of annoyance on Tony's face.  He let Tony go, guilt creeping up to eat at him.
"Tony, Steve died before you went down, remember?" Rhodey said, keeping a tight grip on Tony, who once again started to struggle.
"Captain, if you require it, FRIDAY and I could speed the process along," Vision said.
"You know I can't do that, Little Bear," Tony said.  "They've still got the virus that took out JARVIS, and if they compromise me while I've taken over the suit, they've got you in a ready-made coffin."
"Let's go," Steve said dully, bending down so Tony could climb on.
"We're not here to hurt you," Steve said, cutting off the banter with a glare.  "Susan, do you have a Skrull detector?"
Steve was, in fact, sitting next to Iron Man, making sure they were back to back.  The bushes pricked at his side, but he ignored it and took a bite of his hot dog.
was the understatement of the decade.  Tony closed his eyes and focused on not screaming as he bit down on his belt.  And that had probably just been a fracture, Christ.  He could feel Steve's anxiousness, but Tony couldn't find the will to reassure him.  Tony heard his dragon-name feeling, but it felt private, like he was the only one who had heard it.
"And you got angry," Natasha surmised.
"You are guarded," Wanda said, standing and coming closer.  She lowered her head until she was staring directly into Tony's eyes.  They were a dark brown that made Tony think of the stars, though he doubted she had ever seen them, living down here.  "There will be a time when those walls will harm you.  If you wish to survive, you must break them down."
For a long while Steve didn't respond.  Then, when Tony had resolved himself to making a shelter no matter how exhausted he was tonight, Steve spoke quietly.  "It's warmer with you there.  It doesn't feel as cold.  Before, even with the lava baths, it still felt cold.  But it's different when you're there.  When I couldn't find you earlier..."
"Why are you asking about Stark then?" Clint asked, idly tapping at his phone.
Tony honestly didn't know if that made it better or worse.  He closed his eyes and leaned into Rhodey's hand on his shoulder, all too aware that it wasn't Steve's tail around his feet or waist.  He breathed deeply, ignoring the hitch as he tried not to think of how he missed a certain shade of blue.
with the butterfly, lacking any of his normal polish around women.  Steve was completely and utterly charmed, even if the butterfly wasn't.  He stood there, not wanting to interrupt the moment.
"Steve," Tony said, unable to take his eyes off the drawing.  He pushed her hands away to look for an actual picture.  He had to have at least one, probably in color because he was thorough and spent a week messing around with a Kodak a few years back.
He heard the door open, but didn't turn to look.  It was a bit early for Pepper to come, but she sometimes checked in between meetings when she had the chance.  He wasn't expecting a male voice, and he reached for his shield automatically before forcing himself to relax.  Only authorized people could get past JARVIS to this room.
"Not a princess," Kes said indignantly as she rubbed her eyes.
"But there's still some that aren't friendly to us," Steve said.  Doom was probably one of them.
"You must survive."  There was an air of gravity to the words that weighed Tony down.  "The upper world needs you to live, or millions more will die.  This place was never meant to survive, but you must."
," Iron Man said.
"It was a cave-in, but I have a suit," Tony admitted, imagining the armor in his mind's eye for Steve's benefit.  "I can use it to try to dig myself out.  It may take me a few days to get through."
"You already apologized," Tony said.  "What's the real point of this?"
"What was that?" Tony asked, trying to stand.  Between Steve curled around him and his own dizziness, 'trying' turned to 'failing' pretty quick.
Steve nodded.  "I know it's in the future, sir, but I'd appreciate it if you looked into it."
"JARVIS said no one was hurt and you did well," Steve repeated.
That didn't mean he wasn't resentful for the help.
"No, that's not...  It's just hard to think of how the history books get so much wrong."
"It's not... Well, it is," Steve said, running a hand through his hair.  "But he was scared of something.  Things weren't going great, but then he got a phone call that terrified him and he lashed out when I asked."
But the fight left Tony like a wild horse submitting to a gentle hand.  He slumped back down, running his hand through his own hair then rubbing his eyes.  "Ya got that way about ya, Steve.  One that makes a man want to be better than he is," Tony said quietly.  "I ain't never been that good.  Don't you go placing any of that hope on me because I'll be letting ya down soon enough."
"Captain-" Tony started, his eyes narrowing.
"Yes, Madame Hydra?"
Tony felt his throat close up as he forced himself to blink and get past Sharon's grief to his own.  He could feel Steve's tail tightening around his waist, but he couldn't have said when it got there.  The phoenix crest on Sharon's chest shone in the moss light as her small form attacked the hydra with a viciousness that he had never seen before.
"Tony?"
Tony was about to reply when he went still, his gut instinct screaming at him.
* * *
"You take this off by yourself?" Sam asked, his head cocked to the side.
"I would watch your tone when speaking to Doom.  I do not tolerate threats," Doom replied, his eyes narrowed.
It took Steve a moment to realize what Tony was referring to.  The anger hadn't really left, but it had simmered and dimmed, especially with the long flight.  But if Tony was actually apologizing for what he said...
"But Tony... Oh, God, Tony.  They called me half-way here to say he was hurt.  What happened?  Is he okay?"
"We will get to the bottom of this," Thor said, squeezing Steve's shoulder again before leaving.
"No problem," he replied.  "Is there a message you want me to pass along?"
his fault and not yours," Tony said, because if Steve was still angry, Tony certainly was as well, but they could talk about all of that later.
The history books never said anything about
"Steve told you that name, didn't he?  Yes," Peggy said, huffing softly when Sharon pressed into her side.  "They were as close as brothers.  He took Bucky's loss very hard.  We've been worried."
"Tony-"
"You're not going to make this easy on me, are you?" Steve said, rubbing his eyes with the palm of his hands.
"Steve!"  Tony tried to struggle against the warm armor to go back to the cold.  The cold wasn't so bad as long as he was still with Steve.  "We can't - I have to stay with Steve."
"Yes and no," Bruce said.  "I've seen enough of his work to know the science community would go nuts if he was bothered enough to publish, but Coulson had been dead set against bringing Stark in for finding the Tesseract.  Most of the input I got from him on finding it came through a secret communication Iron Man had.  I always assumed it was because Coulson was hiding the weapons, but..."  Bruce looked down at his tea, contemplating it quietly.
Tony just looked bewildered.  "You want...  Sure?"
He continued down the cave's path, watching carefully for any other guards.  He heard angry voices before he came across them.  Familiar.  Not English, but not...  They looked like the Ten Rings, but none of the words sounded like the myriad of languages he'd heard before.  He paused at the mouth of the cave, peeking in to catch a glimpse.
Tony didn't know what happened, but he knew something was off even in his pre-coffee haze when Steve stiffly shouldered his pack this morning.  Unfortunately, he was no closer to figuring out what happened than he had been two hours ago, and Steve's denial was slowly driving him nuts.
The statement burned at him as he clutched his notepad again.  Anger turned his voice cold.  "He
"It's rude to look at your phone while talking to someone," Steve replied as he punched in his unlock code.  Tony would only make fun of him more if he didn't.
"They don't sound very nice," a third voice said.
Iron Man would be jealous of Steve and Tony becoming friends with the other people.  But that was the only explanation that Steve could think of.  It just didn't fit at all with what he knew of Iron Man.  So he was missing some piece of the puzzle, but he wasn't going to figure it out just staring at Iron Man.  "You alright, Shellhead?  You're acting a bit funny."
"Steve, you're freezing to death!  That kind of cold is bad for dragons!"
His hands tightened around it briefly, then he turned and screamed as he threw it against the wall.  The sound of metal hitting the brick wall rang through the workshop as he sat down in the chair and covered his face with his hands.  He let out a long, shuddering breath.
Bruce moved to Steve's bad side and Steve let him duck under his arm to take some of Steve's weight.  "You worry us when you push yourself too hard, Steve."
"Just talk, sugar plum," Tony said.
Tony picked up his spare gun from the survival kit in the armor as they spoke and holstered it. Remarkably enough, the container had survived Sam's claws.  It only had a few bullets left and he could barely see straight, but he felt better for having it.  He also quickly cut the rope that tied the crystal to the armor, tying it to his wrist with a quick knot.  He'd gone this far with it and it felt wrong to leave it now.  One gauntlet still seemed in decent shape and he started to pull at the wires to disconnect it from the shoulder.  Steve wasn't giving up and neither would he.
"Yes, it's a serious question," Steve admitted grumpily, ignoring the latter half of her statement.
"When were you going to tell me you are in love with my best friend?"
"I haven't stolen them
"And you trust a super-villain?" Steve asked in disbelief.
"We can still call off the mission," Tony said softly.
Stark shook the bottle temptingly, holding it out for him.  Steve sighed, grabbing it and throwing it back as he'd seen Stark do numerous times.  His eyes prickled as it burned his throat.  He coughed as he put it down, Stark petting him on the back.  "'s strong," Steve said once his throat had recovered.  "Blazes, Stark.  Ain't you got smoother whiskey?"
"No, stop Tony.  The date stamp on that message was for tomorrow," Jane said.  "I've got to go help evacuate people.  We'll be fine."
"Was he stubborn?" Tony asked, his voice sounding far away to his ears.
"No, I... It's the common denominator, Steve.  That message was from Future Tony Number Eight.  I've failed to do this right
"Tony!  Rhodey, he's alive, but he doesn't look good."
"I told you, that's what I've got the suit for," Tony said as Steve moved away.  It hit him suddenly how
"Fly above them and drop a few charges," Steve said into the com.
Ms. Potts, on the other hand, looked completely put together with a soft efficiency that reminded him too much of Peggy.  He had to look away from her before his mind started playing tricks on him and he imagine a line drawn on her legs to mimic pantyhose.
Breakfast was a much more pleasant affair.  Peggy had kept her promise about getting more vegetables and Tony was used to rationing, so having no meat on the table wasn't a hardship.    After breakfast, Steve took him to the cave and stood guard as Tony went back to find his armor.  Tony was a little glad the cave was too small for Steve to fit into, because the walk back was the most private his thoughts had been since he met the dragons and it was no small relief to be alone.  Not that he was trying to
"Friends," he reminded himself quietly, closing his eyes for a moment to keep the pain at bay.  "Goodnight, Shellhead," he said, his voice only breaking on the last word.  "I'm glad we're friends."
Steve gripped Tony's wrist, because he wasn't going to be distracted this time.  "Turn back into your older form?"
"We need him back in New York," Ms. Potts said, her words reluctant.  "I know it hasn't been long, but Dr. Banner said there were new readings and he's worried the Tachyon particles could become dangerous.  R&D need Tony to look over a few things as well.  I've contacted Jeanette already and she's ready to come out while Tony and I look in on Roberta to make sure she's doing alright.  Not that she'll let us forget she can get by on her own - she's been feeling better."
"But you're not an adventurer any longer," Peggy said, brushing her wing against his shoulder.  "You're a solider, all set for war."
"Hang on," Sam said, ducking under the hydra head.  Tony nearly blacked out when Sam rolled to avoid the poison, but he clung on to consciousness desperately as Sam flew like a bat out of hell to get them out of reach.
A computer-generated corporeal body of a long dead super-hero ancestor of her best friends, that is.  Susan couldn't handle this much weird in her life.
"Good.  That's great.  Sleep sucks.  I hear it's good for you, but it just really sucks.  Are you okay?"
The next night had Vision and Wanda going out with Natasha to show them more of the States, and Sam and Rhodey had some sort of poker game with a few of their fellow airmen. There were other SHIELD recruits but Steve wasn't as close to them as he was to the Avengers.
"But Madame Hydra, you said-"
like Tony teased him about, but after everything that happened...  Steve wasn't taking any chances.  "Find something?" Steve asked, knowing Tony wouldn't stop the training simulation without a reason.
"Sorry," Steve said, pulling away.
The Red Skull.
Steve flipped over a robot that tried to shoot him with its lasers and focused on the fight.  As long as he kept them from their objective, he could figure out what it was later.
He really hated tentacles.
"Have you eaten anything today?" Tony asked, some of the anger draining out of him.  "Looking a bit peaky there, Cap.  You know increased metabolism means you need to eat more."
It couldn't be that bad, right?
Steve fidgeted, knowing that he had to put a stop to this immediately or else he was going to start getting uncomfortable.  He swallowed, trying not to think about things in Tony's mouth.  "Don't suck on it," he said, pulling Tony's finger out.  He glanced around for the first aid kid and was happy that Tony and Jan at least had it near by when they were working with pointy objects.  He grabbed the antiseptic.
"Come on, sleepy head. We've got work to do today."
"I'm sorry," Steve said.  "You should have... I'm angry.  But I'm coming to find you."
"Steve, trust me.  It ain't you," Rhodey said.  "He's happy with the Avengers, happier than I've seen him in a long time, and he trusts you guys with his life."
"There's only rocks over there," Rhodey said, this time helping Tony turn to see.
"Kids who have been tortured emotionally and physically for almost two years now.  And I'm not just talking about what the twins must have gone through," he growled, trying to pull out of Steve's grip.  Steve let him, but only to get about a foot away before he felt Steve's hands on his shoulders.  His mind literally went offline for a nanosecond as Steve started massaging.  Tony never figured out if it was the serum or a natural ability, but Steve's massages were almost as legendary as his alter ego.
Steve sat in the rubble of the lab in Virginia, hunched over his shield as he tried to keep his eyes open.  The lab had been practically demolished this time; the walls lay in shambles around him, and there were five casualties from the staff.  The robot parts that had been scattered around him had all but disappeared, and he needed to help with the rest of the clean-up.  Every time he tried to find the will to move, however, the weight of everything that had been going on dragged him back down.  Between the deaths he'd been unable to stop, fighting with robots and his fight with Iron Man, Steve was exhausted.
," Steve said, though he didn't sound it.  "
Before Tony could ask him what was wrong, Steve jumped on a thought he had been absently chasing.  "I was thinking about how to find out who is really responsible," Steve said, mulling the idea over in his head as he spoke.  It was risky, but it could work.  "You've talked with Dr. Foster and Bruce about the robots disappearing.  Anyone else?"
Forcing himself not to interrupt, Steve set down the tray and watched Tony step back from the camera Dummy was holding, motioning for it to turn on.
"Why?"
"Colonel Rhodes..." Steve said, taken aback and fearing the worst.
That really was
"Nay, my friends," Thor said.  "This calls for a celebration feast!"
"Rhodey," Stark said, then shook his head.  "Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes.  He's...  He's an idiot."
"You won't even tell me what's going on!" Steve said.  "You haven't given me any reason to trust you when Tony Stark is involved!"
"You have to let go of me first," Tony said in exasperation.
"We're Captain America, Iron Woman, and War Machine," Leon said, stepping forward.
Except Kor'la'vin wasn't there and she overshot the train, banking hard to pull up as Kor'la'vin laughed.  Susan shot a repulsor only to have Kor'la'vin disappear again.  Susan swore, hearing a low whistle from Tony as she did.
They didn't.
"I know," Steve said, lifting them closer to the ceiling and the moon crystals.  "That's why I want to keep it for as long as I can.  And...  After the War, maybe you could..."
* * *
"Uh, the..." He tried - and failed - to think of the dragon name-feeling.  He could only think of it in pieces, not as a whole.  He could feel Steve's confusion.  "The red dragon who brought me into the city," Tony said finally, giving up.
Finally, Steve leaned back.  Tony felt the loss, but kept his expression neutral to hide it.  "I meant what I said earlier," Steve said with a small sigh.  "I've been thinking about it.  A lot.  Since...  Tony, what they did wasn't right.  But if you still want to try, I'd like to take you out to dinner."
There was an underlying current of anger from Sam that made Tony wince.  He probably deserved that, but it didn't stop the slight hurt.
Wanda's breath hitched softly.  "After Pietro died, I was angry all over again.  You helped me realize that there was more to life than anger."
The trip back was longer than Tony would have liked.  The workshop on the airship was enough to make repairs on the armors, but it wasn't equipped for making an entirely new one and Tony's fingers were itching for work.  Work meant focus.  Work meant not thinking about Steve and the other dragons he'd killed.  The others worried, but he gave them tight smiles and stayed in his cabin when he woke up with dreams of Steve being alive.
The hospital.  Afghanistan.  Steve leaned over his knees, ignoring the pain from sleeping in a hospital chair as he trembled and steadied his breath.
No Steve.  Of course there was no Steve.  Steve was dead.
Tony stayed one more moment in the safe cocoon before tapping Steve's head insistently.
"It's a bitch," she agreed, letting it drop.
"Tony's the one you want to hide that fact from, not me," Cap said.  "He's always had... a difficult relationship with the shield, due to it being made by his father.  For me, the shield was sometimes a part of me, like an extension of myself.  But other times, it was a responsibility.  One I wasn't always strong enough... or
"I..." Tony said, wincing as he coughed again.  There was liquid in his throat.  He was sure that wasn't a good sign.
Tony resisted the urge to make a joke on that, but only because he couldn't afford to sound like he was coming on to Steve.  "You just died and-"
"Yeah," Steve said softly, his arms tightening around Tony so much it hurt.  "You can come out now.  We're not getting divorced."
"I hurt you," Steve said, and suddenly Tony was sure he wasn't just talking about hugging, but it was easier to pretend.  "Don't just pass that off."
"Steve, huh?" Tony hid a smirk at the thought of sulking dragons.  He didn't think 'Steve' would appreciate the name either.
"She's like a knight," Tony said finally.  "Every time she makes a short jump, she doesn't have time to set a destination.  She goes forward or back 30 meters and to the right 10.  130 degrees, now!"
"Happy, he lives here.  He doesn't need a badge."  Iron Man pulled the man away, then gently pushed him towards the elevator.  "You're not head of security yet.  Just do what Mr. Stark asked and don't bother Pepper too much."
"I'm not..."
"Did Rhodes ever leave?" Steve asked pointedly.  "Ms. Potts?  Iron Man?"
Steve chuckled, bringing Tony's hand up to kiss his fingers.  "But a cute one.  Go back to sleep, Tony.  I'll draw it in the morning...
Tony laughed.  It was a small and broken sound, but he felt better than he had since he'd been found.  "You're pushing forward on your center of gravity too much.  You just have to get used to being human.  And stop being so self-conscious and over-analyzing things."
A pen light wasn't ideal, but Steve's fingers had itched too much not to draw.  On paper this time, because he definitely wasn't posting this one online.  This one was for himself.  Steve might have a nearly photographic memory, but he didn't want to miss anything about this night.
! It is absolutely lovely and adorable! Please enjoy, because I know a few people asked for a drawing of Tony and the butterfly. Thank you so much for taking my commission!
"What?  I - oh," Iron Man said, shaking his head.  "No.  It wasn't.  You're still my friend, Steve.  I mean that."
"Now was that hard?" Steve asked.
"There's nothing to say," Tony said, snapping the folder shut as he stood and walked to the rail.  He still had about an hour's worth of daylight left before he would lock himself below deck and refuse to come out no matter how much Rhodey and Pepper tried to tempt him.  He couldn't bear to face the stars right now.
Steve just smiled, his eyes gentle and kind with a focus on Tony that made him shiver as he felt Steve's breath against his lips.  "Thank you, Tony."
"Ah, Captain," Thor said, standing and clapping Steve on the back.  "Come.  Join us in our adventures in Midgardian dance."
"Damocles, recall-" Kang started.
"I won't let it happen," Tony repeated.  "I can fix this.  That's what I do, fix things, so I have to fix this!"
Tony woke feeling rested.  He had a minor headache, but it wasn't too bad.  There was a vague memory of a bad dream and the stars, but it was gone by the time he shook his head.
* * *
Steve made room for him on the ledge and Tony landed with a clunk.  Before he knew it, Steve was back up in his space, sniffing at the metal joins.  "Careful!  The jets run hot," Tony said.
"If you didn't find them all the first three times, there probably isn't more," Steve said, his arms sliding around Tony's waist as he rested his chin on his shoulder.
Tony halted as she wrapped a tail around him, her head coming up to the level of his hands.  He reached out awkwardly to pet her like he sometimes did with Steve, and her eyes closed.  "It's not your fault," she repeated.  "And your stories give people hope.  Never underestimate that."
It nearly blinded him trying to sit up against the pit's wall and he nearly wasted the effort by curling back up on the ground.  His whole body was screaming at him and the sweat was cooling too quickly, leaving him even colder than before.  Involuntary tears of pain clouded his vision so much that he nearly gave up on trying to look up.
"The Red Skull had some kind of weird-ass dream machine," Clint replied.  "They were recording your dreams, trying to get you to think of the suit schematics.  Bastards."
He glanced at Steve out of the corner of his eye and Steve quickly replaced the deer in headlights expression with his best innocent smile Bucky coached him on when his best friend first realized how much trouble Steve got into on a near-daily basis.  He wasn't quick enough, judging by Stark's calculating expression.
"Then why do you act like one?" she asked, lowering her head down so that he could mount.
Steve flushed with shame, unable to keep anger from filling him.  He looked away.  "I hate feeling this way," he said softly.  He felt small and angry, like nothing he did would matter.  It was like before he got the serum all over again, except now it was worse since he had pushed his friend away.
"I can't... I'm not big enough to protect you anymore."
Looking away, Steve wished more than anything that he could go with her.  "I'll be around," he said finally.
"It's not a burden," Susan said hurriedly.  "Tony and I will finish the brace soon, I promise.  There's just a few more parts we need to find."
like not even Steve could make him feel.
Iron Man beat the statistics once again.  Tony closed his eyes, trying to focus on his extremities.  "My feet itch."
Steve took a deep breath.  "Can I see the Iron Man suits?"  He knew Tony had more than one.  He needed to see it again.
Frowning, Steve chased the implications of that.  Why would Tony be in danger at SHIELD?  His name had been cleared of the double dealing, even if the media kept hounding him for it as a cover up.  He didn't think most SHIELD agents harbored any ill intentions toward Tony either, though he also thought there was no love lost between Tony and SHIELD - just not enough to need that sort of caution.
"And thank God for that. I do
Steve blushed, because he really had no excuse for that.  His denial had been pretty strong for a while.  "That's different," Steve said, stubbornly pulling Tony back down.
Sam's wings curled around him protectively, but didn't cut off his view of the dancing.  "We know," Sam said quietly, and Tony was torn between wishing he could feel the dragon's wings around him and being glad the armor was shielding him from it.  "Steve knows that too.  Just... be careful.  For both of your sakes."
The balcony on the third floor had a spectacular view.  There was still smog from the city, but it was a pretty clear day today.  He opened his mouth to suggest it when Steve grabbed his hand.  It sent a warm spike through him and he stared down at where they were joined.  Steve was here.  "We can see them now," Steve said, drawing Tony's eyes to a boyish smile that lit up his whole face.
"Yup," Tony said, his voice gentle in her ear.  "But let's face it, honey bee, I'm more complicated than most codes, even if I was written 500 years ago."
He didn't jump at the voice in his ear, but it was a near thing.  It meant he was really out of it, because silence was not this person's specialty.  "Iron Man!" Steve said, turning to look at the familiar face plate.  "Where have you been?  We've been worried, and Tony only said you were busy."
"I'll admit, I'm not that up on internet slang," Sam said. "OTP?"
"Your walls are down," came the muddled reply.
Steve knew yelling after him wouldn't help as Iron Man probably blocked all of them.  He also knew bashing his shield into the near by car wouldn't help.  Both were tempting.
Thankfully it wasn't that deep.  The bleeding had already stopped and it was only the fact that Tony had been cutting chicken that was worrisome.  Steve made a note to check on Tony in a few hours to make sure the finger wasn't swelling, since he doubted Tony would volunteer the information.
The microwave beeped and he pulled out the muffins, sliding one over to Tony.  "So what do you like to do in your free time?" Steve asked.
"Viper shot Steve," Tony said when his head was clear.  "He was there.  Out of all the things to make up, I didn't imagine a giant blue dragon!"
"I know, sweetheart.  Just warning you."  His knees nearly buckled at the endearment, but Steve held them up.  "If you do that again-"
"Well enough to hit any Kraut plane," Tony said, deliberately thinking of walls to avoid letting the last screw-up that landed him here from slipping through.  Steve didn't need to know about that one.
"Sorry about that," Iron Man said.  "Happy means well.  He's just enthusiastic."
Red, gold, and gunmetal grey.  Fire of the forge and passion.  Science and wonder of the unexplored.  A lone star burning all alone in the moonless night.
"Careful.  She still has two charges left and she's planning something," Tony said.  "She'll have more control over where she can hop to with her stalling too.  She's upsetting you so you'll make mistakes.  Keep your head."
Leon felt the blood drain from his face, and he knew Susan and Kes were the same.  The news caster didn't even flinch as they reported the new president, green ears and all, taking office.
He blinked out of existence.  If Tony had been aware, he would have been unnerved, he was sure, but the next thing he knew the suit was closing over his data crystal and locking into place.  A successful reboot.
* * *
Steve didn't wince, but it was a near thing.  He also refused to say that this was different because he shouldn't have distracted Tony.  Sometimes, he really wished Tony weren't so damn selectively perceptive.  He chose to notice things at the worst times.
This time Steve did punch the wall.  It was a little better than the elevator door, but he immediately felt guilty for the hole he left and for the people ducking out of their offices then quickly looking away.  None of that changed the fact he let Stark get away.
Steve sighed.  His morning wood had at least died with those thoughts.  He should probably find some way to move before Tony woke up, but he couldn't bring himself to.  His arm was wrapped around Tony's waist and letting go of this rare moment of human contact was beyond him.
"What's up, sugar plum?" Tony said, his voice hiding the tension of his body, shaking Steve off and starting another omelet. Steve assumed it was to keep his hands busy as he listened.  He cracked the egg and Steve couldn't hear the phone over the sizzling, so he moved closer.
"Where?" Susan snapped, pulling at the chains that bound Leo to the wall.  They came off with a satisfying clunk.  Leo slumped forward into her arms, and she laid him gently on the bench.
Steve didn't reply, instead lifting up to help Tony settle the jacket around his shoulders.  It was a bit of a bad fit around Steve's shoulders, but it was better than nothing.  Tony didn't like to think about
"They sound nice," Steve said, lowering his head to the ground again, a slightly wistful tone to his voice.
"You know your history," Captain America said approvingly.  "At least humanity has come that far.  So if it's not that, why are you so quiet lately?"
," Steve said, hugging Tony against him.  "The man who created Iron Man.  Who does what Iron Man does, but takes none of the credit.  I fell in love with you too, ya punk."
and how did I let him talk me into this?"
"Other dragon clans, though that sort of war is less common now," Peggy answered, sliding behind him and watching Sharon closely.  "There are other dangerous creatures under the earth as well.  Some sleep, forgotten by time.  Others are more common.  You should consider yourself lucky that Steve attacked you and not a manticore.  They are less willing to be reasoned with."
He opened the hatch after JARVIS's confirmation then jumped out into the cool Maine evening.
"Clint, Thor," Natasha said, her voice brisk.  "Call one of the doctors on standby, but don't let anyone in."
"Your souls," she said.  "They compliment each other well."
"You failed to kill me," Zemo said, stepping forward as Tony tried to move back.  "Just like you failed to protect that writer of yours.  And you'll fail to protect the dragon city as well.  It is a foregone conclusion, my son, and Hydra will take the dragon's knowledge for their own now."
"If you insist," Stark said with a very put-upon sigh.  "But when you finish your degree, you will be getting a raise."
"I do not need to," the man said.  He fired another blast, which Steve rolled to avoid, tossing his shield at the man in an attempt to catch him off guard.
"You're the one who belongs in this century, not me," Steve said, hating how his voice broke at that.  "It's up to you."
He stared at the pad of paper in his hands, every line he tried to draw feeling wrong.  Steve sighed, erasing another attempt at a circle.  He contemplated pulling out the tablet SHIELD had given him, if just because erasing digital art wasted less paper.  But he was having a bad enough art day that he knew switching mediums would only make it worse.  Paper was usually what made him feel the most comfortable.
It could also fly, according to Tony, but Steve didn't see any wings on it.  He laid on the edge, pretending not to pay attention.  He didn't really think Tony could get up here, but he'd humor the human for now.  Tony liked showing off, and Steve liked watching him.
inflexible as an agency not to bend the rule books, Steve couldn't connect the dots.  It was extremely frustrating to say the least, and he had the feeling Fury planned it that way.
money.  Because the board needs to be that much richer.  Never mind morals or my reasons for stopping," he said, leaning his head against the table as anger slipped into his voice.
Sam whacked Steve lightly on the shoulder with his tail.  "If you two are going to tease me, I'll take back the lunch I packed."
Tony shrugged as much as the suit let him.  "I didn't realize it would do that.  And I could hear you just fine?" Tony said, inspecting the helmet to make sure it wasn't damaged when Steve had pulled it off.  "If metal makes it harder for you to heal, maybe it also blocks your telepathic abilities?" Though that didn't explain how Tony had heard him.  Perhaps it was a one way blockage?  Strange.
"You didn't," Susan said firmly.
or anything, but Steve was not going to mess-up his first kiss with Tony.  He could always do more research later.  He kept it short and sweet, lingering on Tony's lips only a second longer than he thought he should have.
It was now broken in other ways.
"I'm afraid I understand human nature even less," Vision said, floating to sit beside Steve.  "I'm not sure I can be of much help in answering that question."
"The fact that I was being more stubborn about our argument than trying to make our relationship work," Steve said plainly, opening his eyes and looking at Tony with a lost expression that cut off any smart reply he could think of.
The Stark Industries meeting room was at least comfortable.  It was tastefully furnished, even if the modern art on the walls wasn't to his fancy.  A brief check on Google told him it was ridiculously expensive too and the artist was important.  He made a note to Google more of the artist's works later when he wasn't on a small phone, because he was still interested in the art movement even if he didn't always like it.
"Christ," Rhodey swore.
He felt the wall with the fingers of his good hand, trying not to move too much as his hands were tied together.  He couldn't find one sharp enough to cut the ropes and he didn't know if he had the strength to keep searching.
"I didn't know," Susan said.  Of course, the history books said how his father had made so much money, but they all said Tony had shut the weapons department down.  They never said much about before then.
Kes closed her eyes as they threatened to fill again.  "I know... I've always known...  but why does it
Steve let him lead the way, only tugging Tony back when they nearly ran into someone, pushing him into an empty room.  They waited for the footsteps to recede and he grinned sheepishly at Tony.  "Sorry," he said.  "Habit."
"That isn't the point."
"Yeah, yeah.  Enough with the sappy stuff, Winghead," Tony said, but he lingered in Steve's embrace, and his voice cracked.  "Let's just get this over with."
* * *
"Stark, don't!"
As you can see, my track record with mythical creatures is really not improving.  Really, you should keep all of them away from me.  I get trigger happy.  They survived in the end though?  Well, Viper's is any one's guess.  She's snakey enough she could have slithered out, I suppose.  The Winter Dragon will not be written by me, but know that a metal wing and cryogenic freezing is horrifically scarring for a dragon who is hurt badly by both and the very first thing Tony does once the conditioning is broken is make a wing that wouldn't hurt Bucky.  There is a happy ending there too.  I'm just, ya know, not even considering writing it because this is just too long as it is.  But anyone else is welcome to it.  XD
Iron Man let out a small yelp that didn't sound very much like Iron Man at all.  Steve felt foolish that he hadn't connected it with being someone else in the suit, and that could be potentially dangerous considering who was in it.  Tony didn't need anyone stealing his suit.  The embarrassment fueled his anger.
"It's not..."  It was partially because of Tony, but not in the way Iron Man was thinking.  "It's not like that.  He said a lot of hurtful things, but I don't get the feeling that he means them.  He's scared of a lot and lashing out," Steve replied.  "I can handle him, as long as he starts trying to not lash out as much and talk to me."
He moved down and barrel-rolled across Steve's wing tips, his heart pounding with added adrenaline.  The pump was over-working again, but he didn't care.  He flew straight at Steve, whooping as they both turned at the last second to miss each other.  They flew in circles a few more times before landing, Steve gracefully, and Tony with a clunk.
"You promised me a dance under the stars."  Steve smiled again like he hadn't a care in the world.
"Okay, but this guy's being an ass about it.  So let's not," Iron Man said, tapping into the chair's interface.  "Besides, who said you didn't belong here?  There's no place I'd rather have you be."
She was blasted against the wall as soon as she entered, but Susan grit her teeth against the bruises she was going to find tomorrow, firing in the opposite direction.  She heard a scream, putting up her shields as another blast came.
"A civilian whose orders Iron Man is following," Tony replied.  "I know just as much as he does.  I know the risks."
"He's got high levels of histamines in his system, and from these readings, I'd say he's been given this drug multiple times.  Frequently, I'd say.  They knew about this reaction."
He had his kit from the survival pack (the one thing he insisted went in there was a razor, and maybe what he said about not being overly vain was only half true, but razors were very useful things and Rhodey relented) that he'd brought with him after the first day back from the gate.  It was a short matter to sharpen the blade, then carefully trim and shape the beard.  It was a bit hit and miss without a proper mirror, but the water reflected well enough in the light and he only nicked himself twice.  Not that Steve would probably know the difference between a well-kept goatee and bush, but Tony was damned if he went out dancing without looking his best under the circumstances.
"I..." Rhodey started to say.
"It's called magic," Sharon said cheerfully, either sensing or guessing this thoughts.
.  He dodged the claws, wincing in pain at his ribs.  Why was everything always trying to kill him?  He was charming, good in bed, and had more than enough money to make friends with everyone, yet he always managed to find enemies wherever he went.
"You don't need to change for this.  They want to see the real Tony Stark, grime and all," Ms. Potts said, her voice coming closer.
On the other side of the wall was Milton's lost paradise.  Putting the gun away, Tony rested a hand on the wall, staring at the lush jungle.  He doubted even Rhodey would recognize half of the flora Tony saw, and they were all most certainly beyond him.  Was this where the heat came from?
"Come on, you lush," Tony said.  This time when he made to stand, Steve didn't stop him.  "It's time for you to be getting some shut eye."
Neither of them slept for a few hours after that, but Tony found he didn't mind.  He told Steve about the good things the upper world had to offer and gleaned information about the dragons from Steve's stories.  He felt relaxed, more so than he had since the start of the War.  He fell asleep petting Steve, dreaming of home.
"Hawkeye, Iron Man, you and I are going to look for any remains that didn't disappear.  Thor, join us when you can."
"Just make sure it's a slow dance," Tony said.  "Without the helmet, I can't go too fast without blacking out."
Rhodey didn't show that he'd seen, but he slipped a tablet he must have brought to appease a bored genius into Tony's hand as stood up, a clear message backup that Tony never used, but always appreciated.
"So says the guy who traded all of his flaws for the peak of human perfection," Leo said, the bitterness in his words catching Susan off guard.
Steve looked like he'd been slapped, but Tony didn't back down.  Everything that happened in that underground city was Tony's fault and Steve was just going to forget all of that?  The War was still going on and Tony was here, taking advantage of someone who hadn't even been human for a week.  He was disgusted with himself.
"That I'm still a mess because of... everything, really.  Bucky included.  My attempted dates with Sharon proved that.  But I think that I've gotten a handle on most of it now.  Better than I was, at any rate," Steve said.
It should have warned Steve off, but he didn't know if he could get up the courage to start this up again later.  "You could," Steve replied, tracing the casing to the repulsor in Iron Man's palm before moving back up again.  This had been building between them for a while, and Steve swallowed as a different kind of terror took over him.  It was followed closely by hope, because he knew Iron Man had been responding as well, and he hadn't shied away before.
.  It hurt so much that it ached in a dark, empty way that felt too much like the abyss of realizing he was alone in this century.
It really wasn't, other than Steve had been mostly unaware of it, but Steve didn't particularly feel like being reasonable.
impact on the War, he also suspected it would take a life time of studying.  A life time he didn't have to waste if the Nazis won before that.  The War sometimes felt like it would never end.
Natasha swore, and beside her, Tony could hear Bruce growling.  Out of the corner of his eye, he could see the illusion flinch.  "Of course you would," Bruce muttered darkly.  "Never mind patient privacy."
Not needed, Leon inched towards the edge of the group.  He wasn't being useful or much of a leader right now.  As the others started to make plans, he slipped out of the room.  It was painful with his leg, but he could still leave the room unnoticed at least.
It was cold.  The wind bit at his ears and cheeks even as he reached out as far as he could.  It wasn't enough.  "Hang on, Bucky," he said as he tried to inch closer.
"And Steve," Tony interrupted.  "I want him.  I'll fix his memories -"  Steve lunged but went through Tony.  Cap had turned himself insubstantial, and Tony forced the coding on his face to act unsurprised, like he'd done it himself.
A favor from the cleaning staff?  Not the first time?  Steve was a little appalled at the numbers adding up to a crooked philanderer.  His thoughts flashed back to that gossip rag and Steve flushed.  "I don't think..."
"You are wounded as well," the red dragon said.
Tony cursed quietly.  "I don't care what Pepper says, I'm installing JARVIS here to keep her out.  And probably a restraining order.  I take it Happy took care of her?"  Steve nodded at Tony's question, but before he could say more, Tony was straightening out and moving past Steve.  "I should go take care of-"
It hurt that he didn't meet her eyes at that, but she didn't push.  Cap sensed something amiss, but he didn't know Leo like she did.
"I just killed her, didn't I?"  Susan asked.
"Not at all, Cap," FRIDAY replied, and Steve smiled at the nickname. It was nice getting to know FRIDAY, at least.
He raced for the elevator, missing Tony glancing up as he left, eyes wet with unshed tears.
inside the Tower. As he entered, Thor was standing with his hammer ready with a very short woman at his side.
"Tony Stark," she spat, crossing her arms over her chest and looking away.  "Double-dealing bastard.  I bet all of this is just a way to get back into people's good graces so they'll look the other way when he starts up again.  You never see
* * *
But he pulled back, feeling Steve's confusion and disappointment as he did and hating himself a little, yet needing to put some distance between them.  He couldn't take advantage of Steve like this.  It was even more of an effort to let go of Steve's wrists, but he forced his fingers to cooperate.
"Wasn't looking for Viper," Steve said, shivering lightly under Tony's hands.  "Was looking for this."
," Steve ordered.  He stepped forward, to shake or strangle Tony, he didn't know, but this needed to stop before either of them seriously regretted it.
Tony tried to actually picture a mental image of a baby dragon drawing for his mother, and the image was charming.  "Can I see your art?" Tony asked.
"You really think they'd be any different than the rest of the world?" Stark asked.
"He appears well, Captain," Thor said, easing some of the worry.  "Iron Man is currently looking over the remains of one of our foes."
"I told them to contact you," Steve muttered under his breath, followed by a string of curses.
Pushing herself off the train, Susan flew up to avoid another blast from the canon.  The armor wouldn't take another hit like that, and the blast had shorted out the shields.  But this was
Before he could try, Tony was back, a device in his hand and a first aid kit tucked under his arm as he went straight for Leon.  "Nope.  No Skrulls here," Tony said.  "We ran that scan at least ten times.  Steve said all of them after five were a waste, but I'm a paranoid bastard."
"Turbulence?" Tony asked, mentally sighing in relief as Steve sat down again.
"Come on," Cap said, his hand on her shoulder, then he looked to Leo.  "We'll meet you down there when you're ready."
Steve's shoulders slumped.  He should just come clean before he got himself into more trouble.  "I overheard him talking with someone named 'Rhodey'.  I didn't mean to."
Tony didn't hesitate, throwing up a firewall around both him and Steve as he frantically typed.  He didn't look over his shoulder, instead using the cameras to see Kor'la'vin holding a knife to Leon's throat.  Steve materialized his shield, throwing it like it was an extension of his arm, but it passed through the Skrull, not even touching her.
How did Stark...?  Iron Man must have told him.  Steve's ears burned at the thought of it.  Iron Man hadn't stuck around for the rest of the conversation, and if he was trying to protect Stark...
The workshop door slid open as he came close, and he saw Tony working on some kind of big machine in the back.  It was a giant silver arch with wires hanging out of various panels, but he couldn't tell what it was for.  His palms began to sweat.  This wouldn't work.  What was he thinking? He's a terrible liar and he was just going to mess this-
"You... already know who Iron Man is?" Steve asked, anger turning to a different sort of burning.  Indignation, certainly.  Curiosity was another, and it was on the tip of his tongue to ask despite knowing how much of a breach of trust that would be.
"If you like," Steve said.  He laid down on the roof, holding his wing out in invitation.  "As an apology."
"Never, never, never believe any war will be smooth and easy, or that anyone who embarks on the strange voyage can measure the tides and hurricanes he will encounter. The statesman who yields to war fever must realize that once the signal is given, he is no longer the master of policy but the slave of unforeseeable and uncontrollable events."
When her tears finally dried, she focused on the feel of Tony's fingers running through her hair.  "You're just code..."
Tony threw him an unimpressed look.  "Considering the enemy uses a combination of Doom's and my tech to make robots appear and disappear on a whim, I'm not chancing this anywhere on the server.  Don't bother trying to take a picture of it.  JARVIS is blocking your phone app."
"A hospital?" Steve asked as they pulled up.  He hadn't expected that.
"Stark needs me back in the lab with the Tachyon readings.  For the record, you're probably wasting your time looking for parts, but if you find any, Mr. Stark wants it stat."
"Tony?"
"I'm human, just like you.  Well, was human, I mean," Steve continued.  "And I didn't always make the right choices, no matter what your history books say.  Sometimes I had to compromise, doing things I knew wasn't right, but that would protect people in the long run.  Other times...  I wasn't very good at compromising when I should have.  A lot of times, there was no right answer, just lots of wrong ones."
"We're bonded," Peggy replied.  "As she is my sister, we've always been bonded.  It makes us closer in our thoughts."
"I..."  Tony said, caught off guard.  Steve had flat out refused the last time he offered, saying the current uniform was still good enough and that he didn't want to waste it just for a few minor upgrades.  Tony had hidden the hurt, sulking in his lab by upgrading the Widow's sting and Clint's arrows.  They at least appreciated his upgrades.  "But I thought you didn't like the waste?"
--Sir Winston Churchill
"Bucky?" Tony asked, looking away.  Something changed in Tony, but it was so subtle that Steve almost missed it.  Even now, Steve couldn't quite pinpoint whether it was the sudden tension in Tony's shoulders or the cagey, darting glance away that tipped him off.  But for the first time Steve
"It's just better down there," Tony muttered.  His cheeks had a faint blush that made Steve analyze what he'd just said.  He really wasn't opposed to seeing Tony blush, and he wanted to know what he'd done to bring it about.
Red, gold, and gunmetal grey.  Fire of the forge and passion.  Science and the wonder of the unexplored.  A lone star burning all alone in the moonless night.
Steve landed at the front of the dragons, his chest puffed out so that his star crest was on display.  "The hydra  regenerates its head when cut off, and it's fast," Steve said, after a quick greeting to the others.  "I want everyone in groups of two, one to cut off the head and the other to breathe fire on the stump.  Sam, you're our rescue and healing.  If you see someone in trouble, you get them out.  Depending on how fast it is, we may need to switch to groups of three.  Where's Wanda?"
Steve didn't want to talk about it, so he ignored the slight hurt in Tony's eyes when he kept up his stage smile and deflected.  "Any news on Colonel Rhodes yet?"
"No," Steve said, sinking his face down on the table for the eventual epiphany.  But it never came.
"You see her when you close your eyes," Tony said, his voice flat.
* * *
"We'll do what we can," Vision said, looking dispirited as well.  While not as big or life-threatening, the reminder that they couldn't help everyone still stung.
"The hydra will not leave these grounds.  I will make sure of it," Wanda promised darkly.  "I searched the mural for how they were put to sleep the first time.  There is old magic there.  It will work a second time, and it will be safe again."
Viper had the gun.  She must have gotten in a lucky shot, because the snake-man cried out, clutching at his side.
"It's to get medicine," Steve said, his voice tight.  Tony could have at least given him some warning, but that was neither here nor there.  They could talk about it later.
"Please do not let them know I am here," Viper pleaded into his ear.
"You have to survive," Steve said, ducking a large boulder and sending Tony's equilibrium spinning.  A smaller rock clipped his wing, but after righting himself, Steve kept going.
Steve didn't think.  Not about how close he was to the portal or about how he would destroy the world.  He didn't think about what would happen if he got closer.  But Iron Man's -
"We need to find Madam Hydra," Tony said, slowly standing as Peggy helped him up.  His foot felt fine now, and so did his arm, even if he felt weak and a little dizzy.  All the other bruises he'd gotten were gone, and Tony suspected Steve of healing what he could earlier.  There was no reason not to go back to the temple and find her before she managed to wake the creature.  There was still time.  "We can stop her before-"
That gave Leon a jolt, and he tried to turn.  "Suzie?"
going to think about Natasha's message, red sports cars, or any information Natasha might have gleaned from Pepper Potts about Tony's sex life.
He landed on the ledge again, shooting repulsors and only making the thing angrier.  It was too dark to see properly, but in the light of the small crystal he could see the four heads that tried to bite at him and the terrifically sharp teeth that he was sure would do more than just dent his armor.  He tried the flame thrower next, aiming at one of the heads before the ground under him started to shake.  Startled, Tony nearly fell off and only the flame thrower saved him from getting bitten in half as he tried to regain his footing.
Steve was
Tony didn't move back.  He just looked up at Steve like he was expecting a blow, either verbal or physical, Steve couldn't tell.  He expected it and didn't flinch away, like he felt like he deserved it.  It made Steve a little sick.  "I'm starting to want you to make-"
Steve rubbed his eyes, already hearing the betrayal in Iron Man's voice.  It was made worse by how defeated Tony had looked when Steve had left the workshop earlier.  He nearly grabbed the drawing back, but he held firm.  This needed to be done.
"I'm sorry?" Tony said, not sure if he was apologizing for being a disruption or not following her meaning.
"You should rest now," Wanda said, pushing him lightly towards the entrance. "You are not used to the magic of the bond yet."
"We all are, Rhodey," Tony said.  "And that wouldn't make a difference to him, but we can keep it our secret."
"The line-"
The room was dark and Tony brought the moss lamp up when the thermographic equipment wasn't giving him much.  The entire room was like a larger stone version of the one up top, but without the windows.  And instead of being empty, on the podium of the altar sat a red object that was hard to make out.  It was the only bit of color in the room.  This room felt even older than the metal temple and it gave Tony chills.
Name-feeling: crimson, white, onyx.  Soaring through the sky and flexible as branches in the wind, but sturdy as the deeply grounded roots.  Healing and a gentle stream under the flickering light from under the trees.  "-take-" Blue dragon name-feeling, Good God, he needed proper names for them all.  "-to the city. I'll take care of the human."
"You were alone in the vision," Steve said, his wings drooping with unhappiness.  "You can't fight that thing alone."
The murals went on, showing the dragons building cities and warring against each other, but Tony lost interest quickly in favor of conserving his light source and finding a way out.  He stayed close to the wall, since the lack of walking sticks made it difficult to move on his bad leg.  He felt like he was going further down, but he couldn't get out the way he came in.  And maybe...
"Only me and Rhodey.  Well, Pepper might have her own soon too.  Hydra had some for a while, but I destroyed them," Tony said, pushing away the dark memories of it.
"I found a trail," Sam cautioned. "I'll need a few days to check it out. Wanted to check in before I left."
Tony couldn't say no.
"You came as Iron Man the past few-"  Steve cut himself off, snapping his mouth shut as he tried not to push.  That had been their agreement.  They'd take Tony's trust issues at his pace.  Tony had been doing better, Steve reminded himself.  He'd come up even when Natasha and Clint had returned.  "Sorry.  We should eat the cake first then before we go up."
Steve divided his time between preparing for a retcon mission to find Natasha and Clint and spending time in Tony's bedroom.  It felt like he was intruding, being in such a personal space.  But Pepper assured him it was okay, and aside from a few pictures here and there, Tony didn't have much in there that seemed overly personal.  The whole room looked very modern with its curves instead of sharp lines, which Steve admired.  It fit more with what he'd think of for Iron Man, not Tony Stark, though the sleek, modern look fit both of them.
Tony's clothes were mostly dry at least, which was a small miracle, but Steve was stripped down out of his clothes, probably down to an undershirt and potentially boxers going by the bareness of his arms and legs.  Again, not the time or place to be thinking about Steve half naked.  It was always the wrong place and the wrong time for Tony.  He could probably give John McClane a run for his money at this point.
"Those people don't know
Stark ended the call, then walked out the door.  Steve stared in shock for a moment before hastening to follow.  "Mr. Stark!" he called out, catching up easily.  "Is everything alright?"
"Thank you, JARVIS," Steve said, putting down the files as he rolled his shoulders.  "Would he be available to speak with me now?"
The blond man had been smiling before, but he started to frown when he saw Steve.  "Is he authorized to be on this floor?" 'Happy' asked, advancing on a startled Steve.  "Where's your badge, buddy?"
"Shut up.  Crushes are for kids," Tony grumbled, but he was a little relieved that Rhodey approved.  It was hard
There was a half-cut-off feeling.  Tony only got a sense of a deep relationship.  The red dragon's posture softened, her wings fanning out to touch the blue dragon.  "This one seems reasonable."
Tony in the hologram stepped closer to the machine.  "Well, we all know how this goes.  The world needs Captain America more than it needs Tony Stark.  There's no Iron Man in this time line.  Nothing but my failures to mark my death, so it's not much of a loss to get Steve back.  The only reason I remember him at all is because we are always at ground zero when he goes in.  But there's no one else left."
"But what about you?"  Kes had wanted to become a hero as much as Leo had.
"Already did," Steve grit out.
"Yeah," Kes said, squeezing Susan's hand again.  "Just like old times."
"I think I'll trust Peggy to keep you in line," Tony said wryly, backing away from the dare.
"What are you talking about?" Steve asked, wondering if he'd stepped in over his head.
Steve turned back to the punching bag. "I'm fine," he said.
"He wasn't my dragon," Tony said as he looked away.  He never owned Steve.  Though he wouldn't have minded if they belonged to each other.  Tony shook his head, blinking rapidly.  There was no point in thinking about belonging now.  "Next time you should tell me before it's too late."
"Making sure everything was in order," Tony said absently, glaring at the dirt on his knees.  "Mom loved the garden, so it needs to-"  He cut off suddenly.
The story was followed by what he assumed were Darcy's comments:  "
"Tony-"
* * *
* * *
pinning him.  He had to fight.  He had to-
It made him miss Rhodey.
"It's the principle of the thing," Tony replied, clutching the coffee against him.  "Still no hits," he said before she could ask.
"I'll stick to the plan," Tony said, vaguely aware that that didn't make as much sense as it did inside his head.
it had been to lie to Steve.  The dragon didn't even seem to have second thoughts about Tony's admittedly flimsy story.  Tony pushed aside the guilt because it really wasn't his secret to give away.  It was just a little white lie.  A lone priestess in the wood wasn't a danger to the dragons.
Tony cried out as something hit him square in the back, hard enough to throw him off balance.  Damn it all to hell,
"No to my offer or no to the death wish?" Stark asked.  "I'll admit, I'd rather it be the latter, if you don't mind.  I'd miss our nightly escapades."
This time Steve didn't need to ask after the reason.  The remaining robots, even the ones that had been downed, disappeared in a flash of white light.
Steve lowered his shield, but didn't put it away.  "And what deal was that?  You still have Romanov and Barton held-"
.  This wasn't jealousy.  It was Steve being legitimately upset that one of this teammates wanted to be a super-villain.
"I'll stick with the normal stuff," Clint said with a chuckle.  "But I'd say that sounds like a plan."
Steve pulled up a map, dismayed at how hard it was to find anything when so many things started with 'Doom'.  "Get Director Fury on the line.  I need an emergency meeting stat," he said, setting the tablet aside to dress quickly.
When he could take a breath without it hitching, Steve opened his eyes to look at Tony.
"You bastard," Tony said when he had the breath.  He pounded and kicked Steve's flank, but it did very little.  Words, however, he knew to be more effective.  "You're just giving up!  Peggy's dead, and all you're doing is running away!"
"Like I said, you're not getting any flak from me," Rhodey said.  "I'm just saying.  Even your fans think Tony is your favorite."
"What's Doom thinking anyway?" Clint said after calling out a formation to Thor.  "Taking over the world is fun, so robots?"
"Tomorrow," Tony said a while later, when Steve was calmer and the trembling had stopped, "Or today, if it's that late, how about you show me what he taught you?"
He looked down at his drawing of Vision and Wanda, then shook his head. "I think this one's a little too personal to put online.  Posting art of the Avengers seems like it's too self-serving."
Tony pushed those thoughts away, attempting - and failing - another deep breath.  Again, bright side.  The suit was dented, letting the dusty air in from the outside, instead of suffocating him in his own custom-made coffin.  Tony just wished that thought were more comforting.
Steve looked up from the drawing he was working on, knowing he was busted.  "People have pictures of you from the Avengers' fights, sir," he said.  Fury was in a hoodie with sunglasses, looking for all the world like he'd been living under a bridge for the past few years.  Steve knew that wasn't the case, thankfully, but the disguise was useful.  "And your obituary ran in the papers with your name."
Steve grabbed Tony's hand as he stood up, well aware it was crossing a line, but Natasha's warning about someone else 'tapping that ass' made it too hard to throttle the impulse.
Tony gestured and the camera panned to a broken window.  Outside was New York, but not New York as Steve remembered it.  It was a wasteland of destroyed and abandoned buildings that were only half recognizable, obscured with a haze that covered the sky so that no light shone through.  Steve's eyes prickled at the sight of his beloved home in ruins, a lost and forgotten city left for the dead and dying.
Steve was at a loss of what to do as Tony continued to strip away the fat and tendons.  He wished Sam were here.  Sam always knew the right thing to say, even with prickly billionaires.  "Tony-" Steve started to say as he placed a hand on Tony's back.
"She's probably dead," Tony interrupted, still staring at the photo.
"My charm and good looks?" Tony asked, hyper aware of the hand on his back and Steve's proximity.
"But the Avengers-"
Stark held his hands up in surrender.  "Had no idea it was here, Pep.  Which is not to say it wouldn't have been gone by the time Captain Rogers left, but not me this time."
"Not used to you waking
"Shit, Steve.  I'm sorry," Tony said, slowly swaying them back and forth.  "I'm sorry."
"Cap?  Are you okay?"
"I brought food?" Steve said, gesturing to the half-forgotten sandwiches.
the stars."
Tony nodded, unable to speak.  He looked down at the crystal he'd broken off, seeing taking in the sharp lines and the milky haze at the end where he'd snapped it.  The rest of it was a clear golden color that emitted a faint light.  He curled his fist around it, then focused on the song, settling on being glad for the armor.  Steve and Peggy wouldn't be able to tell if his smile wasn't completely genuine when they finished.
"You haven't been the same since these guys moved in," Happy said, his eyes narrowing at Steve again.  "Just remember, boss.  If these superhero friends do anything to you-"
Tony's hands threaded under the suit jacket around Steve's shoulders.  He pressed his face against Steve's neck in a vain effort to feel his nose again, and his lips brushed dangerously against Steve's pulse, but Tony ignored that.  Steve's breath hitching again probably had nothing to do with that and everything to do with the cold nose and plane-crashing flashbacks.
Steve seemed to know about Tony's blush regardless of his limited vision, the smug bastard, and he was dead set on making it worse.  In revenge, Tony started to pet Steve's hair, running his fingers through the course strands.  It wasn't the same as feeling the hard horns and soft scales, or having Steve's tail wrapped around him as he leaned against Steve's flank.  It was a warm night though, and Steve's mind was still there, open and inviting, with a fond stubbornness that filled up the parts he was missing.
Tony nodded and Steve let go of his wrist.  He took a deep breath to steel himself.  Nothing ventured, nothing gained.  "You're popular with the butterflies," Steve said to stall a little, just enough to give him time to figure out what to say.
"Need some air," Steve said.
Tony froze.  He was barely breathing, and Steve wondered if he had gone too far.  "You saw it then," Tony said, absolute grief and loss packed into those four words.  "You
Steve closed his eyes and counted to ten.  "That
Steve's tentative smile warmed Tony more than the coffee did.  Rhodey took one look at Tony and beamed at them with a ridiculously pleased expression, and Tony discovered that yes, he still had some embarrassment left in him.
Steve grabbed hold of his wrist, not tightly, but firm enough to let Tony know he wanted the other man to stay.  "Cap?" Tony said, looking at him uncertainly.
"To hack into Kang's high tech chair, just look in some of the notes I've left you.  It's easy when you remember his tech is based off of ours, and Port 290926 is your friend.  That will get you into his spaceship, Damocles, and JARVIS and Doom can do the rest from there.  Tony One spent a long time studying his tech before he could make the time line right, so look at his notes especially."
"Steve, snap out of it!" Peggy said.  It was definitely Peggy's mental voice, even if he couldn't see her.
Susan shook her head.  "We'll all help," she said, looking to Cap who nodded.  "So please..."
Steve swore under his breath.  Of all the times to go AWOL.  "Thank you, JARVIS," he said before cutting the connection, because it really wasn't JARVIS's fault and Steve had regained enough piece of mind to remember to be polite.
He grabbed Iron Man's arm, his knuckles turning white around the edges with his grip.  "You wanna quit hiding behind that suit and go a few rounds?  Or are you too much of a coward?"
"Resist," Tony said glumly.  "It's a long process though.  I'm tracing the resistance again to see if we can make contact."
Viper picked the stick up carefully, testing its strength.  "Thank you," she said, her green eyes unreadable.
"Hi," Tony replied, awkwardly shifting on his feet.  "About earlier-"
was heard even if not spoken.
"Okay, I don't think clearly when I'm angry.  Point taken," Tony grumbled.
Searing pain, quick and through the heart.  Discipline and dedication.  Light blue and dark brown.  A warrior's spirit burning bright as a bon fire on a winter's night.  Golden yellow rose, just blossoming vibrantly, and a deep, running river with water like ice.  Love and pride.
It was four days before Tony could sneak out again to look for the crystals.  He made good time on the cave-in, at least.  By his estimate, he might be out of here by the end of the week.  The thought sent a pang through him, but he pushed it to the side as he checked on Steve again.
Tony froze, his shoulders tensing as he stared blankly at the holograms.  "You know your problem, Rogers?  You overstay your welcome.  You should have left with the 40s."
"Can you shut it down?" Steve asked, because this was something to worry about after the robots were destroyed.
," Leo said, not looking at either of them.  "I'm just feeling sorry for myself.  I'm not..."
Steve motioned for Iron Man to follow, inquiring at the desk for a room without any cameras.  The relieved receptionist pointed them to a supply closet, happy that Steve wasn't asking yet again for information on Tony Stark.
"Doesn't have to find out about what you were feeling when it happened," Tony said gently.  "If you don't want to tell him, he doesn't have to know.  And I know he'll agree that you had a good plan."
He was jolted out of his melancholy as they landed.  He started to dismount, but was stopped by Peggy's wing.  "You've been good for him," she said.  "Before you came, he was drifting.  He threw himself into protecting the city, because he feels like he failed to save- " Silver, red, and black.  Radiating warmth like the pits of lava in the middle of the dragon house, comfort and protection of the forest.  The darkness of a crystal-less night, dancing and salty wit.
Tony stiffened, and not in the way that meant he was happy straddling Steve's lap.  "Steve..."
"That was
"Are you - are you human?" she asked, fear in her voice.  A
"You're ridiculous," she said, not mentioning the only times she'd even had painted nails was when Susan occasionally dragged her out.
Tony took a moment to admire the dragon's aerodynamics.  They were elegant creatures in flight, but he had a feeling the brown dragon excelled at it.  And the fact he knew that felt both strange and intrusive.
He threw Sam an exasperated look, which Sam returned with a cheeky smile. "Not porn then. So what makes Steve Rogers blush?"
It was a cave.  Not just any cave, but the gate cave.  Tony realized with shock that he was only a few inches away from the ledge where he first met Viper.  The way to the gate and his tunnel were blocked by fallen rocks that Steve was half buried under.  What caught his breath was the mural that was right above the ledge's edge.  How he had never noticed it before was a mystery, but now it made him cold.
Tony filtered the train's lights so she could still see as she turned back to face it.  Bracing herself, she fired a missile where the engine should be according to the blueprints, then raced to the other side to get an armful of train as she braced it against the impact.  Inertia was still pushing them forward and she struggled to keep the train from tipping over from the blast, kicking her repulsor boots in gear at fifty percent.  She sighed with relief when the train started to slow as she strained against the metal, gritting her teeth and growling lowly as she pushed it back on the track.
Tony still muttered until the armor shifted him and then he was gasping for breath.
He resisted the urge to stick his tongue out at her, but only just.
That made Tony pull away again.  "You need to try to heal yourself," he said.  He could move some of the rocks and get them off Steve.  That should help.  He started to stand, but Steve made a low whine that stopped him.  "Steve?"
was his missing plane.
"First hand, Mr. Stark," Pepper ranted in his ear.  "If you can take me along on your adventures, you can take me to war so I can do some proper reporting!"
"Yes, ma'am," he said, wondering why she would come to SHIELD to ask that when she could have called.  "Whenever is convenient," he added.  "I know he's probably very busy."
"But..." Susan said, her eyes widening.  Avengers didn't kill if they could avoid it.  That's what the history books
"Oh, Tony," Pepper said, her gauntleted hand going to her mouth as her eyes looked suspiciously wet.
"I don't have time for this," Iron Man muttered.  "Rhodey is-"  Iron Man stopped, putting his hands flat like he was about to take off.  "JARVIS, I need you to-"
Dreams couldn't save him.
He felt Steve's anger and shame, though he couldn't tell who it was aimed at, himself or Steve.  Tony swallowed, then let the repulsor power up.  "
"Yeah, good luck with that," Clint said, not looking up from his phone.  He was texting someone, but the name was only listed as L and the phone was turned away from Steve before he could read more.  "If Natasha was kept away, he's one tough shell to crack.  But I'll talk to her and see what she can do.  She should still have an in with Potts."
"But..." Steve said.
Susan flushed and stepped closer to Leon possessively.  Leon, for his part, hid a small smile behind a cough, but Steve saw him lean against the armor in return.
, he was starting to see.  He closed his eyes, imagining Iron Man's gauntlet around his waist, but Tony's lips pressing against his and demanding his attention.
"You won't," Wanda said, this time with underlining amusement, not mystery.  "But remember those words, Tony Stark, when you need to be found.  You are taking him to the healers?"
"I... Steve, I'm sorry.  I shouldn't-"
Tony waved him off, slumping down into a chair across from Steve.  "Just a long day arguing with idiots who want me to go back to designing weapons despite the fact we're making about the same profits as before.  A little better, actually.  But they seem to think more weapons would net us even
Tony looked at him, and Steve could see him wavering.  Steve pushed his anger aside and schooled his face into the most open and accepting expression he could manage.  Tony looked from him to the machine he'd been working on, then down to the ground.  He bit his lip.
'By George' was right.
Ms. Potts turned back, still angry.  "I
"That's the plan," Tony grumbled as he reached the top of the stair well.  The metal altar room was a lot worse for the wear.  Tony had to push away a fallen wall to get out and that was after slipping down a flight of stairs when a tremor caught him off guard.
But he did.  And Tony did.  Tony wasn't sure how much of this he could take before his resolve broke.  "Steve, you know it's different with humans.  You could get a blue discharge."
"Not this much," Captain America said.  "And I'm pretty sure eye contact wasn't something you had issues with before either."
"What are you saying?" Steve asked, trying to parse between the lines.
The elevator ride felt longer than normal, but Steve knew that it was just in his head.  When he got down to the lab, he knocked on the door, but it didn't open.  The keypad was completely black as well, none of the usual lights lit up.
"Nah, he's surprisingly good for his word considering he's an evil dictator, so - oof.  Hey, hey!"
"It's... something I saw in Tony's workshop.  I need to know what it is," Steve admitted.
Steve pushed himself up on his foreclaws, loose rocks scattering as he moved.
, not tearing it apart.  "Did you mean it?" he asked.
Bruce saved the juice before it fell, but only just.  "Tony, what's wrong?" Bruce asked as Clint started to call for a doctor.
"Hm, it'd be good press," Tony admitted.  "I can put together a new line and that might shame some of those Hollywood execs.  Jan, you could help design some of it."
.  Neither of them had memories of how they died, but this was how Tony had looked the last morning Steve had woken up.
"And hopefully he'll understand," Clint said.  "If not..."
Steve turned away from the mirror to glare.  "Why am I asking you for help on this again?"
"Unless you're taking back your offer to dance with me?"
"You remember meeting me as a human?  I don't.  Remember meeting human you, I mean.  All of this is news to me," Tony said.
Tony ran the start-up programs for his secret project.  He couldn't remote control it fully enough to fight with the processing power here, but if he could call it here, it could pick up his data crystal.  Then he could have a direct connection to it and make sure any viruses didn't corrupt Steve.  He stayed well away from his husband, setting a timer that he hoped would be unnecessary, but he knew that hope was futile.
"For you it is one and the same."
"You'll see them for yourself."
"What happened?" Tony asked, because apart from Steve jumping them out of an airplane and getting them to a cave with a broken leg, Tony really had no idea what had gone down.  "Steve-"
Steve looked physically ill when Tony looked up, and okay, yeah, of course Steve would be torn up over that.  Christ, that was exactly the sort of thing Steve would get torn up over.  "It didn't go further than a kiss, Steve," Tony said gently.  "And none of that was your fault.  It's fine."  Also, not the first time someone seduced him for information, but he didn't think that tidbit would go over well and he was actually trying to be reassuring for once.
"Why were you-" Tony broke off, feeling the anguish and loss of Steve's bond with Bucky.  The broken ache that never left, waking up to chase after traces of it in his mind, only to realize there was no one at the end of it.  Empty.  Hollow.  Half of what he should be.
"With the others?" Tony asked, pulling away.
Tony grunted in pain as his ass hit the floor.  He blinked up at the ceiling, Steve sprawled on top of him.  He could
"You should pay attention if the earth quakes keep up," Steve said.
Nodding, Steve rubbed his eye and grabbed Tony's hand.  "We should probably run," he said, starting as he realized he was holding
"Many people draw the Avengers, from children to adults," FRIDAY said.
Steve opened his mouth to argue, then shut it.  Tony
"I'm fine now," Steve said.
"His boss?"  She couldn't mean-
"But you were Captain America," Leon said, finding his voice.  "You were always...  I just made a mess of being Cap."  He couldn't protect Kes or his parents.  Even Susan had gotten hurt.
There was something going on here that Steve was missing.  He didn't
"You know of the plants Mr. Stark speaks of?"
"Okay?" Tony asked.
" she shouted as light surrounded the Skrull's body.  She fired a repulsor, but it was too late.  Kor'la'vin was gone, and that wasn't the short-range transporter.  Susan hit the side of the train with her fist, closing her eyes when the lights of the HUD started to blur.
He closed his eyes, just letting the scent of the flowers cleanse away the smell of Mrs. Fairfax's horrible perfume.  He could just stay out here.  Clint would probably find him and drag him back to suffer with the rest of them eventually, and he did believe in the cause, but he could pretend for just a little while that he didn't have to...
He tossed the phone to Natasha, who caught it expertly.  She frowned.
"You made a portal without me!" she said, pushing him in the chest, none too gently by the look on Tony's face as he stepped back.  "'Join me in science,' he said.  Then you stole my work and-"
"It appears a stor-" JARVIS cut off, his voice replaced by static.  Tony immediately stood up, his tablet falling to the floor.  He ran to the intercom.  "JARVIS?" he asked frantically before switching over to the pilots.  "Herrera, something's wrong with-"
Wrong.  Tony nearly thrashed out again, but he tried to swallow with his dry mouth and held it to a small twitch.  How hadn't the reactor come back online yet?  His voice was hoarse, either through shouting or babbling to himself.  He couldn't say for sure either way.  The reactor should have turned back on by now.  It should have, but it hadn't.  Something had gone wrong.  Something always went wrong.  Of course it did.  He's Tony Stark, and he's always a problem.  More trouble than he was worth.  No one was coming to-
"Where are you taking me?" Tony asked, struggling helplessly and trying not to worry about Steve.
Tony couldn't handle Steve being that much of a dork.  He really could not.  So he leaned forward the last inch and claimed Steve's mouth for his own.  It was hesitant and still unsure, but Steve was warm underneath him and solid.  Then Steve deepened the kiss, and hesitance left the building as need washed over him.
.  You pulled that stupid lone wolf act and blew yourself up."
Tony bowed his head and nodded, hating himself for not being able to say no.  He didn't deserve this.  He didn't deserve Steve.  Steve would-
Tony stared at him, his mouth hanging open as he took that in.  Then his mouth snapped shut and he developed a sudden fascination with the ground.
"Whoa," Iron Man said, his hands up in pacifying motions despite the fact that it wasn't particularly reassuring considering his palms were where his weapons were.  Steve didn't look up from the bag though, not acknowledging what he saw of Iron Man out of the corner of his eye.
Besides, just because Tony had found four trackers didn't mean there weren't more.
Steve lowered his shield.  He didn't know if this man was telling the truth.  He certainly seemed futuristic enough, and he appeared to believe what he was saying.  He doubted even Tony could make this kind of technology in his life time.  If it were true and the world got destroyed because of him...  he would have to stand down.
"Okay," Iron Man said finally, his voice softer than Steve had ever heard it.  "I trust you."
"Damn," Steve said, sighing as his shoulders slumped.
' on an Agents of S.H.E.E.P. logo.  "Yes, sir."
"Tony," Steve said, breaking through the block, probably with Kestrel's help.  Tony would have sighed, but that girl did make him proud of his genes.
Fury looked at the plate again, then at Steve.  "From what I know of Stark, he's usually never hurting for food.  You can go after.  Won't take long, but I've come to talk to you about Stark."
"You should go home and take a shower first, maybe sleep a bit.  I'll call if they tell me it's life-threatening," Pepper said, switching gears on the drop of a hat now that she was in control again.  He could easily see why someone like Tony would have fallen so hard for her.
"Strange to sleep outside but not to see the stars," he said, covering a yawn.  Even when London's pollution had made it hard to see, he could still see the moon.  Especially the last time he was there, when all the lights were turned off to hide from German bombs.
"Of course, Captain."
"You retain your insolence," Doom growled.  "I have done my part.  This alliance has ended."  Doom turned, his cape flowing dramatically behind him as he left the room.
Steve didn't say anything, cleaning the knife and the board of Tony's blood before starting on the chicken.
"A few times," Iron Man replied, sounding amused.  "It wasn't your fault, remember?  Glow stick of destiny was messing with everyone's heads."
"It's okay," Tony said, waving vaguely with his other hand after attempting to do so with the hand Steve held captive.  "No problems, Cap.  You're good.  You don't have to-"
All thoughts of how ridiculous both Natasha and Tony were being about his cutting skills were lost when she looked up at him with narrowed eyes.  "How long?" she asked, not bothering with any interrogation techniques.
"Let me finish," Jarvis said, more to spare them both the emotional discussion than to cut him off.  "No good's gonna come from these fantasies of yours if you keep kicking up a fuss.  The man's dead.  People will talk if you keep this up.  And if it's hard for me to accept, others will tear you down.  You've enough money to get away with it, but you know it won't be a picnic.  He's dead, Tony.  Let him go."
"Really?" Sam asked.
JARVIS filled him in as he changed and grabbed his shield, racing to the hangar.  The quinjet was prepped just as Tony promised.  Steve wasn't the best pilot, but he was passable.  He also hated flying despite Iron Man walking him through the updated controls and being with him when he first took the helm again.
He was starting to panic when the rocks moved again.  Was this it?  He didn't deserve quick after all he'd done, but he wouldn't be opposed to the end of the unfeeling cold.
Tony started the jets, smirking at the dragon's surprise as he lifted into the air.  "So, uh, what count do we follow?" Tony asked, starting to feel a little self-conscious.  "4/4?  Waltz?"
"I'd be better if Tony remembered to charge his phone," Ms. Potts replied.  "It is getting late here though.  Sorry to call you, but Tony's phone is out of service."
"He's on the mural," the first voice said, female, just as commanding as the male.  "This is foretold.  He is needed."
People talked about 'after the War ended' all the time.  Tony had never seen the point of the sentiment, because the War shortened enough lives that the only thing to do was to push forward and live in the real present no matter how dark that present was.  There were times he didn't know if he wanted to survive or even if he should.  Now though...  Now, he had his friends and the dragons that he could get to know again.  And he had Steve.
Tony felt a chill overcome him and he shivered.  "Yeah," he admitted.  "But that was good, right?"
Tony was kissing him.  Steve lost a few moments during that, because he didn't remember Tony's hand entangling in his hair and pulling him in, or how Tony's tongue got in his mouth.  He was swept away by the desperation and need that only belatedly Steve realized wasn't just coming from him in the way Tony's other hand gripped Steve's shirt.  Steve made a noise that was embarrassingly similar to a whimper, the memories of their last kiss a thing he had only dreamed about these past two months.
"Then what do you say?" Steve asked, a mixture of hesitance and hope in his eyes.  "Should we give this a shot?"
Steve crooked his wing in agreement and let the conversation drop.  Tony was privately grateful.  "I wanted to apologize for attacking you earlier," Steve said, his voice soft in Tony's mind.
Fury closed his eyes, looking older than Steve had ever seen him.  "Not on the surface.  Phil always was good at reports.  But he realized the problem before his debrief with me and insisted he never found out Iron Man's identity.  It was too late to change course by that point, and he was putting out fires."
"Please," a deep feminine voice called out in English.  "I need help."
Tony was expecting the anger, but the disappointment was new.  And it hurt.  Steve's disappointment was almost worse than the anger, and it made him feel so small.
"Um," Susan said, allowing Tony to break free while Cap was distracted.  "Are you guys alright?"
"Natasha showed the style to me. I thought it was cute," Steve said, relieved that it worked. Tony seemed to be humoring him now.
Steve's head shot up to see a young woman, mid-twenties.  Stark was up, accepting a hug from her with a warm smile that Steve had never seen in any of the pictures in Stark's file.
"Hey, you don't have to-" Tony started, stilling again when he realized Steve was there.
"Look, I fucked this up," Tony said.  "That's on me.  You should leave, Steve.  I'll take care of the hydra.  You and the others should get to safety."
fall for his puppy dog eyes.  There's been nine versions of us trying to get this right, and every one of me that told him ended up with a dead Steve."
," Tony repeated.
It had also been about Tony Stark.
Steve sighed, pushing against Tony's hands like a cat.  "It doesn't sound very nice up there," Steve said wistfully.
, but it didn't work.  You think people actually want to like
(See the end of the chapter for
"Captain Rogers, sir?"
Steve really needed to stop drifting off around Tony.  Especially since he'd been thinking about Tony.
"I... yes!  I can help with those."  Sharon raised her claw again, and this time Tony paid close attention to the light as she healed his ribs.  He may not have time to study what he wanted to down here, but that didn't mean he couldn't try to learn as much as he could now.  Also, it meant a distraction from the sharp pain that accompanied the healing, and Tony needed that when he could feel his ribs mending.
Steve swallowed, his smile dimming.  If Iron Man had turned him down, he didn't have a chance in the world with Tony Stark.  Tony was so far out of his league that Steve didn't think he could even hold the bat.  Still, it was a bit like a harmless little crush on a celebrity, not as grounded and all-encompassing as his feelings for Iron Man.  It couldn't hurt anyone, right?
"But you think it is them?" Susan asked with hope that Steve hadn't heard since their last mission.
Tony actually managed to laugh at that.  He was shaking and the laugh made him feel more nauseated, and how horrible was he to laugh when Steve was dead?  But some of the wariness left Thor's eyes at the sound, so it couldn't be too bad of a thing.
"Stop... helping, Winghead," Iron Man said, firing a repulsor at Kang which bounced off harmlessly.  He was still dangling from Kang's hand, his voice panicked in a way that Steve had never heard.
That made a bit more sense, he supposed.  "It didn't seem right, how everyone was gossiping about him when he puts us up like he does," Steve answered, determined to keep the eavesdropping secret this time.  He didn't think Iron Man would take that particularly well either, since Tony Stark tended to be a sore spot he protected in his own strange way.
"Iron Man, look out!" Steve said as Kang fired a shot at him.
Iron Man faced the elevator and Steve got the impression he was avoiding Steve's eyes.  "Family matter.  Mr. Stark cleared it."
"You did mean to," Ms. Potts corrected, but her eyes were laughing.  "I've been warned about your Innocent All-American Goodness act, Captain."
Tony knocked against the ground.  The suit took most of the blow, but that didn't mean it was pleasant.  He forced himself to his feet with a groan, grabbing Viper by the arm and dragging her up with a repulsor to her head.
"That was a 'You're waiting until he's out of the hospital before you even think about it,' Rogers."
"Time!" Leo snarled.  Susan took a step back.  She'd never seen Leo genuinely angry before, but this...  This wasn't like him at all.  "All I've had is time.  Time to be useless because Kes is the one they want, not me.  Time when I'm hurt to keep Kes in line.  Time when I could do
Tony fisted his hands.  "Or you can get one of the god damned crystals and I will-"
," Steve sent back apologetically.
.  Especially not Steve.  He is a pushy bastard who will try underhanded ways to whittle it out of you, but
* * *
"Go back to sleep, Cuddle-zilla."  The blanket being draped over him wasn't as nice, but Steve was willing to let it go in favor of more sleep.  He drifted, nearly nodding off again when a loud crash sent him to his feet, blanket dropping to the floor.
"I..."  Tony said, debating if he could hide the tablet when Steve wasn't looking.  He doubted it, especially with Steve' looking at him like that, but that didn't mean he couldn't try.
"You stopped," Steve said, pushing down the petty part of him that was a little glad for Tony's misery.  "Doesn't take a genius to know you weren't lashing out because of me."
With that set, Tony started out for the cave, pushing away the guilt he felt for sneaking around while the dragons were fighting.  The underbrush was, as he suspected, much lighter than on the west side.  He was grateful for that, and even though the distance was longer, he made better time than he had coming back the other day.
"You should have left with the rest of the civilians," Peggy said as Tony mulled over Wanda's words.  "You said it yourself.  There will be great danger here."
The silver dragon cried out again as the devil man shot him, the bullet tearing the joint in his left wing apart.  They both fell into the abyss, but the silver dragon managed to claw onto the rocky wall.  Steve pushed himself to the edge, barely able to crawl his way over.  Tony heard the same name-feeling, then Steve's.  Fear of falling from the silver dragon, fear of not getting there in time Steve.  The rocks were crumbling and the silver dragon...
Tony walked over to the machine, putting his hand against it to steady himself.  "I'm really doing this, aren't I? I... don't know if this video will help, but I'm sorry.  I tried.  I fucking tried so hard.   And I failed.  Every time, I survive even when no one else does, and that's my fault."
Steve froze.  "You figured out the machine?  What has he done?"
Tony took his first waking moment to sit there and breathe, because that hurt like the dickens.  His chest
"You might as well come down to the workshop then, rather than the lunch meetings," Tony grumbled.  "I talk just as much there and at least
Steve's head was on his chest, the dragon's eyes closed.  "Steve?" he croaked, hand moving to pet the dragon's head.  He looked around as he did, trying to figure out where they were.
"That was a yes."
"Oh, thank God," Steve said, and Tony could feel the breath that rushed out of him as Steve's chest went down.  "I'm sorry.  I didn't want to hold you down, but I couldn't let you go in this cold."
"You caused my anger," Steve replied.  He tugged at Tony until the adventurer was against his chest.  "But I can understand why you did it and have forgiven you, even if I'm still angry.  My insecurities about the bond aren't caused by you, and neither are your fears of sharing emotion."
"Doom does not take threats kindly," Doom said, his voice rising in anger.  Then it softened again to a more thoughtful tone.  "But I did not come for a fight."
"Callisto," Tony said slowly, his thoughts clouding over.  He needed to-
Tony waved it off.  "There was a firefight in-" Tony looked at the sky to get his bearings by the position of the sun, but he was startled to realize there was no sun.  There was no
Steve gestured to the waffles.  "You fall back on Tony-tactics even for the rest of us.  Blueberry waffles are his favorite."
But the monster's momentum carried it through and Tony could hear its pained roar as it hit the top.  He slowed as much as he could, giving himself a chance to breathe.
"Yes," she said, the eye he could see going wider.  If Tony was a betting man, he'd say her eyes were green.  "I've seen you with
A hand on his forehead caused him to startle, but the binding kept him from doing anything worse than making his head hurt more.  "These are withdrawal symptoms, my friend," Thor said, his voice low and soothing as he moved his fingers through Tony's hair.  "It was a while before we could track the Red Skull down and the Midgardian drugs have a strong hold on you, but the doctors assure us they will pass."
* * *
"Steve!" Bucky said, his eyes wide as he tried to reach Steve's hand.  "Why can't you reach, Steve?"
"Any time," Steve replied.  "I had fun.  It was-"
"Mind if I help out?" Steve asked shyly.
Tony looked back to see the gun on the ground at her feet.  Dropped, most likely, and Tony could hear Jarvis's disapproval at that.  Viper herself looked pale, staring at the murky water in horror.  "I did not mean to harm it," she said, her eyes wide.  "I wanted to scare it away, not..."
find the science behind it eventually.  "They've been more active in the past week than they have been in fifty years of your time.  It worries me that they are so active now."
He and Tony worked quickly to get them out of the harness.  They were coming around.  Leon tried to struggle, but Susan took her helmet off and was speaking frantically about their base.  She only calmed when Steve spared a moment to touch her shoulder once she was out of the armor.
"That would be because an obsolete soldier is interrupting my work," Tony snapped.  "Go nap for another seventy years if you're going to do nothing but fuss."
Tony was Iron Man.
"Nope.  Never heard of him," Iron Man said, but he sat down with Steve on the couch.  "Sounds like a great guy though."
Tony woke up to the cold.  Cold
"Thanks!" she said, snapping another, then moving away and looking at her phone to check the picture.
Steve was alive.
"Viper, Tony.  Her name was
"They've never done you any harm!" Tony said.  "You don't have to hurt them!"
And now he'd been playing around with the dragons while the War raged on.  People were
, but it's like he's working on something else now?  And yesterday he gave us numbers that were completely wrong, like he's been trying to set us back.  He's been acting differently too."
Steve did feel warmer, even though he hadn't moved from the lava bath he was curled around.  But Tony hadn't really done anything but ask questions.
Then again, Tony could probably do a lot better than a fire.  He cursed mentally, his thoughts too sluggish to hit upon the obvious answer.  "I'll call the suit then and get us out."
Five days later Steve still hasn't said anything. He'd do it eventually, but right now he was just going to sit at the table in the kitchen and draw.  And no, he wasn't sulking because Tony had been down in his workshop all day yesterday instead of resurfacing for at least one meal.  He really wasn't.  Even if he had made a special dinner of Tony's favorite lasagna with a recipe he had to bribe JARVIS to hack from Tony's favorite restaurant - and he'd made sure to chop the onions and parsley in smaller pieces this time.
It was the cave just as they were now, but there were tears running down the mural Tony's face.  He had Steve's head cradled in his lap as he leaned over, open anguish written on every inch of his body.  And Steve...  Steve's eyes were closed.  He wasn't sleeping.  He was...
"Having an injury doesn't make you useless," Cap said, startling both of them.
Steve did not yell at them all, but it was a near thing.  "We can donate to some kickstarters of female-led comics," he said.  "And for films too."
He hesitated before he took off.  The last time he did this, he ended up with a headache. But if he kept it short...  Tony closed his eyes and focused on Steve until he could see the temple courtyard.  The muzzle lay on the ground, with enough distance between it and Steve that it had probably been thrown.  It was still too close for Tony's comfort.
It also hurt that Iron Man hadn't inquired about Steve's condition like he usually did after a fight.
Steve ran a hand through his sweat soaked hair.  The fight hadn't even gone like that, he reminded himself firmly.  He hadn't hurt Iron Man.  Hell, he didn't think he could actually dent the armor in real life.  Stark made sure the metal was the strongest he could make.  But he had
Leo stumbled as he tried to take a seat, and both she and Cap were at his side before he fell.  "I'm
"Tony, you have to dismantle it now!" Steve said, not letting himself be moved when Tony's face fell.
It didn't help that what Stark said
Steve was silent on the end of the line, and Tony knew he couldn't argue with that.  "This is right, Steve, and you know it," Tony said, setting the bomb that would level the battlefield and give the kids time to get out.
intentions towards anyone right now, not when he still had a torch for Iron Man.
the one who did that, Tony.  You're my friend twice over.  Even if you don't want a date, you're still someone important to me and considering you went through all of that to save me, I hope that you'd at least let me be your friend still.  I want to keep trying."
"Tada!" Tony said, presenting her with a bowl of...
"It works, Tony," Natasha said, a smile threatening her lips no matter how hard she tried to stay stoic.
* * *
Tony smiled, giving her a sloppy salute.  "Don't push yourself too hard to walk on it.  I'll be back in a few days with your new dragon crystal."
"I can walk," Leo said tightly.
," Natasha said, her voice sharp.  "Don't talk right now."
* * *
Oh.  That explained a lot.  "I'm fine," Tony said, wishing he could put a hand on Steve's flank.  Then he stood and
The concrete floor wasn't the most comfortable thing in the world to sit on, but Steve had been through worse and the serum would take care of any aches and pains that came from it.  He started to draw, carefully setting down smooth lines with his pencil, vague shapes turning into a broader picture.  He was out of view of the machine, which was just as well.
.  At least from the sound of it, Bruce and Jane would be interested in collaborations, so Steve could encourage it from the other end if need be.
Iron Man.  Iron Man was a carefully hidden part of him that was too vulnerable without his armor.
He pulled Tony into a proper hug as the trembling subsided.  "Is this okay?' he asked.  Steve felt more than saw the nod against his shoulder, so he looked at the pieces of the armor strewn across the floor.  He wondered where Iron Man was, leaving his boss in as many pieces as the armor.  Or had Tony sent him on some other mission with a different armor, collapsing after?
Steve deserved the pillow thrown his way.  But if it was a dream, it was at least one Tony was willing to stay in.
Susan still looked frightfully young and scared, but she nodded, and the armor fell away at her signal.  "I'll... I'll see you upstairs?" she said in the hesitant way of someone who had been abandoned and left on her own for too long.
Steve sighed at her clear dismissal, moving the rest of the soup closer so that she wouldn't have to stand if she wanted more.  She pet him on the shoulder as he drew nearer, and he resisted the urge to stick his tongue out at her.
Iron Man's face was exposed!
"Here, you can tell me as we walk," Tony said, leaning down so she could climb on his back again.  He wondered if this was how Steve felt, always acting as Tony's mount.
"Need to know basis, Captain," Fury said, confirming his suspicions.  "You'll figure it out eventually if you succeed."
He knew what the others thought.  He'd stumbled over words like 'stress,' 'shell-shock,' and 'nervous breakdown' when they thought he wasn't in earshot.  A small part of him was terrified that they were right, but he stubbornly ignored it and insisted on his story.  He put the crystal back in his pocket and went back to the files.
" Steve asked, a dangerous undercurrent of anger to his tone.
There he saw Tony leaning over to pick up a pan from the floor.  He looked up sheepishly.  "Sorry," Tony said with a wince.  "Didn't mean to wake you."
Steve helped her prepare some sandwiches as Thor headed for the fridge to start a salad.  Meals, Steve found, tended to require more than one cook when over three of the Avengers were involved.
He felt Steve settle, the majority of his fear receding.  He put his free hand on Steve's neck.  It left a half bloody hand print, but it calmed Steve who lay his head down on the ground and whined.  "It hurts more when you do that," Steve said, clawing at the ground.
"I was gonna ask for a quick doodle, but if you're taking me for fifty bucks, it better be good."
"Dr. Ross is secure," Iron Man intoned, "and giving the SHIELD agents hell.  I like her."
"I said
"Would be if you could point me in the direction of the ground since I don't think I'm brave enough to try dragon bathrooms," Tony replied as he bent down to pick up his guns and put on the holster.
"I'm sorry," Steve said, not knowing if he was apologizing for what happened or for following Tony all the way out here when it was something so private.  He was still so angry with Tony for what he said, but now wasn't the time or the place.
"It's nothing major," Steve said.
Tony touched the dried ink reverently, tracing the fine lines of the blue dragon's tail.  He could see all the inks in the basket, but no pens or quills, and those lines were too fine for a brush.  How did...
"That's why you don't mind the cold so much?" Tony asked, feeling oddly hopeful.  Steve going to the surface would be a monumentally bad idea considering humanity's current problems, but maybe one day...
.  Tony was dreaming.  He still wasn't free of it.
"Yeah, no.  Not impressive.  I can hit mach three in the suit and you're what, not even doing a mile per hour right now?"
that ate away at your soul until there was nothing left.  And grief didn't get better for sharing it, but being alone in grief was worse.  He had done himself no favors by closing up about it, and for someone who was brave enough to show their grief openly, Steve could only try not to let them down.
"There's more though," he pressed.
Tony eyed him as Steve followed him into the elevator, but only sighed in response.  He stood a little closer to Steve, reminding him that there was someone nearby.  He wasn't alone.  It was one of the things Steve loved about Tony, the fact that he was never afraid to get into his personal space.  He always seemed to have a sixth sense for when Steve actually needed someone near too.
He took off the helmet, resisting the urge to run a hand through his messy hair.  The gauntlets only made it worse and he had it on good authority disheveled was a good look on him.  "I do try to be, Miss, but humanity has gone down hill in recent years.  And yourself?"
There were sounds, but not those of soldiers' boots.  They sounded like birds and other bugs, things he might expect in a jungle or a forest.  Carefully, he peered out around the gate.
"Perhaps not intentionally," Kang said.  "But history does not lie.  You are at the center of it."
"Turn back around," Tony said.  He forced anger into his voice, but he suspected it came out more like begging.  "Steve, I can't-"
and half a million other people have a first impression of me before we've even met.  And first impressions are scientifically proven to be hard to shake.  They won't change their perception of me if I defend myself, so why keep trying something that doesn't work and expect to get better results?  That's a definition of insanity."
