John shuddered but he forced himself to remain still as not to be rebuffed by Sherlock’s spidery hands.  He tried to keep his eyes focused on Greg, but every time Sherlock inhaled and licked at his flesh, his eyelids fluttered closed and his pelvis swirled with a stronger arousal than he thought humanly possible. The wetness between his checks actively spread. He ached. He bloody
‘John, I really recommend that you leave it in for as long as you can. The heat will take you sooner if you – ’
Lestrade slipped away and padded all the way down the bare-wood staircase. He shook his head at Sherlock’s elaborate set of locks and latches, and it took him several minutes before he was able to open the door. He was hit by a burst of cool fresh air if the air in London could be called fresh. He breathed deeply and felt energized by the clearing of his senses.
Beside that package was a cooler with fruit, fortified energy drinks and calorie replacement shakes. He opened a shake and drank it immediately; he hadn’t realized how starved he felt until the cool liquid lined his stomach.
John knew what he was taught in medical school about the many discomforts a woman would endure, but all that went out of the figurative window now that he had to experience it.
John cleared his throat and nodded his head, a tale-tell betrayal of his nervous discomfort. 'No, ah. No, I'm a doctor and your friend. I appreciate your candor.' He licked his lips and pushed his orange chicken box away from him. 'So Sherlock is going through some, ah, biological responses as a result of my condition?'
John resisted their hold and pushed at them. Greg pushed his left hand to brace John's forehead before he secured his mouth in a strong bite at the back of John's neck.
‘Oh, no, no. If John is going to accidently bond with one of us, it is definitely not going to be me. You need to be his first.’ As Sherlock hesitantly unfastened his pants, Lestrade assured him, ‘I’ll be here the whole time. I’ll help you both through it and I’ll do what I can to keep everyone from bonding.’
Before long he was naked in front of John and knelling in between John’s shaking legs.
As a doctor, Lestrade thought John would understand basic biological mating responses. Alphas and omegas were known to become disoriented during a heat, but this was something else. Maybe there was something to Sherlock’s parallel dimension theory. All thought on the subject left Lestrade as John fell forward and collapsed into his arms. ‘Sherlock!’ he exclaimed.
The knot hurt at his ring of too-stretched muscle, and John gasped and squeezed hands and arse reflexively.
Sherlock became ridged and held John at a distance.
Sherlock shook his head, still buried into John’s chest. ‘He’s too tight. I’m just hurting him.’
'Oy, Sherlock! Be sure to use as little of the perfumed soaps as possible while you're in there,' added Greg. Too much variation in smells was never recommended for an omega in John's state, nor for anyone involved in the heat. Hearing the shower down the hall from the bedroom, Lestrade sighed heavily in relief. He looked down at John's relaxed face and wondered how much longer John would need assistance. He likely wasn't even at the half way point and that was a concern him for both John and Sherlock. Greg wasn't sure how much John could endure mentally and physically, and Sherlock was quite obviously leaning toward a permanent bond with his flat-mate and side-kick. From what Greg knew of John, he wasn't sure if John would tolerate such a change in the relationship. John had proven that he would risk his life for Sherlock, but a future with Sherlock was in question every time he requested their presence on a case. Sherlock grated at John's patience and it always showed.
'Sherlock, come here, I need you to know where this is. It's not always easy to find even when it's presenting,' Greg said with a slight grin.
‘Just wait, John. He’ll be back.’ Sherlock put up his hand to urge John to stay in the bed.
John moaned and pulled his arms away from Sherlock. He squeezed them around Lestrade’s larger ribcage. The closer he was to him and the more Lestrade bit at his neck, the easier the pain of the knot became. His hand darted up Greg’s back and neck, and the fine, damp hairs on the back of his head nipped at John’s fingertips.
John squeezed his eyes closed and took a deep inhale of breath and held it.
‘Will you be alright for a moment?  John, be still. I’ll be right back.’
Lestrade moved to give Sherlock space between John's legs. 'Alright, take your longest finger and run it inside along my finger.
‘I can’t, I can’t!’ John reached for Greg and tried to push Sherlock’s tight arms off of him.
Anyone have any thoughts on making this a podfic?
Not beta'd in the least, sorry.
John knew that he was sick. Unequivocally sick as a dog, and not the coughing, head ache, sneezing, or runny nose kind of sick. It was a cramping and burning that started in his pelvis and worked its way up his lower back. He started having irrational thoughts of sexual scenarios with all sorts of people. He’d even dreamed about a night of passionate love-making with the queen.
They got him to the pallet when his legs gave out from under him. He grabbed at their arms to keep from falling. They dropped him slowly onto the floor.
‘Alright, alright,’ said Greg. Lestrade pulled the shirt over his head but he did not remove his boxers.
'It's been airing, but I'll have Sherlock freshen the blankets and pillows.'
‘They would be strangers, and they would not take the care that Sherlock and I would.’
John groaned, and Sherlock wiped John's face with the tea towel.
Lestrade shifted his weight as he stood. ‘That doesn’t make sense. No one triggers a heat without having a bond mate. He might as well have put up an advert in the London Times to be taken forcefully. He could be
John, protested, ‘No! . . . can walk . . . and,’ he swallowed, ‘. . . no.’ He pushed himself off of the floor with his arms and attempted to roll onto his stomach.
John groaned. He was feeling awkward, as per his usual prudeness, but nothing that Greg was doing felt painful.
John had tucked his head down and pressed it into Greg’s chest.
Greg finally lifted his head off of John’s neck, which sent another shock of pain though John’s senses as the flesh between Lestrade’s teeth was released.
Greg returned to the bed on John's left side and pushed John onto his right side. 'John, I'm here.' He removed the pillow from under John's hips. 'I don't think that either of us could comfortably knot in that position now, okay? I'm here, I'm here. On your side now. Sherlock, turn him now. Higher on the bed.'
Euphoria penetrated John's body and mind, and he breathed deeply and calmly. He had the sense that his body was floating an inch above the bed. He moaned just to see if he still had control over his body. He felt the moan in his nose and throat, but the sound was still distant from his senses. He closed his eyes to stop the dizziness that his vision was giving him. The blackness of his closed eye lids flashed to deep green, to lime green, to blinding white. His stomach lurched with the vertigo of it all. The bulging knot in his rectum did not help his attempt to ground himself with the change of his blood chemistry.
Sherlock growled at the back of John’s head, ‘I can’t! John, I’m so sorry!’
Lestrade and Sherlock slowly made their way to him, careful not to crowd him too much.
John keened, cried and writhed on the bed. 'Please, please bite me.'
The bed rocked as Sherlock kneeled on the mattress.
John took the glass of water Sherlock offered, but did not drink from it. ‘The telly’s not right. All this talk about alphas and omegas. You’d think the world was filled with wolf packs and not people. I don’t – I don’t,’ John stumbled with his words.
Lestrade handed the slick yellow phallus to Sherlock. Sherlock left with it to presumably wash it in the bathroom without prompting. Lestrade had just enough time to grab a dry towel from the floor and tapped John's hips to indicate that he should lift them again. Whitish, clear liquid slipped from John's hole but landed on the towel. Lestrade spread John's knees gently apart again. 'Now that your body has had time to judge Sherlock and me for out virility.' Lestrade's middle digit pressed at John's hot hole. 'This shouldn't hurt, okay?' Lestrade pushed his finger inside. 'Now you should be presenting your reproductive channel for us.' Lesrade watched Sherlock return and sit on John's right side on the bed.
‘That’s what we’re doing. We’re helping him.’ Sherlock sounded lost. He was searching for validation.
Lestrade smoothed at John’s blonde hair. He was obviously still coming out of the haze of his heat. ‘Sherlock can get off as soon as the swelling goes down. Sherlock’s knot has to go down a bit before he can pull out. You need to stay still and relax for a few minutes. Sherlock?’ Lestrade looked to his friend.
“Yeah, I’m wiping that off now.”
“John. I don’t cuddle.” Sherlock answered in a rapid rush of words, looking alert.
"Fine! You great git, I took this month off of work for you, Sherlock!"
If Holmes was still in an excited state, then it was clear to Watson why going up the stairs was a painful process for the man. The best and most sensible solution would be for him to untuck himself - to lessen any further pressure on his oversensitive member.
, what else needed John to say?
He needed
He bit his lip, trying to keep quiet, cock jutting as he kept looking at the spot.
“Mm. Where are you going?”
"Right. How about I'll put the ice away now and we'll go to your bedroom. Alright?"
“I-I would be amenable if you used less pressure. I’m . . . sensitive.” Sherlock panted, his words sound like a revelation to his ears, so John nods eagerly before realising the detective can’t see him. “Er, yes. Okay, will do.”
He feels himself grow hard at the sight, staring, staring, staring.
Squirming under the close scrutiny, Sherlock shifted his legs. His cock ached and precome was dripping all over the head and down his shaft. And with John’s fingers on him. Sliding up and down. Repeatedly. Nearly grazing the tip.
He's sure Sherlock would murder him for that thought.
“As you said yourself, emotions are beneath me, John. Fine, call up Mycroft, I don’t care. Obviously my transport repulses you enough to break your promise.”
"There. I drank it, John. Now let me be."
The detective.
Sherlock is
But then of course Sherlock had to go and shatter his triumph by reminding him of something. “I’ve told you, John, no pants. My sensory receptors are--
Well.
Sherlock huffed as he laid down on the couch, toes wiggling, still half-panting. “It’s
John quickly averted his eyes, coincidentally settling his gaze over the detective’s crotch, seeing the shape of his small soft prick resting on his thigh. Licking his dry lips nervously, John contemplated how he should approach the subject of his fantasy.
Meeting Sherlock’s agitated gaze, John’s eyes flittered over the loose shirt and the gypsum covered arms before steadily locking eyes with the detective. Sherlock shuffled to sit up, his curls were a tousled mess and his neck showed a bright pink blotch that suspiciously looked a lot like an actual hickey.
“Smiling, Sherlock, because I love you. Promise, yeah?”
Shifting for a different reason on the couch, Sherlock pursed his lips.
Step by step, they would work it out.
He- oh god.
And since fantasies had unlimited boundaries, the next thing John would do was to lean down and play with the hot, despreate stream. He’d put his finger against the gushing urine and let it spray everywhere, making a filthy mess around them. Sherlock would be distressed and try aim his stream away from John’s finger, yelling at him while John would quickly press the bare palm of his hand right against the covered head of Sherlock's penis.
Turning towards the toilet and acting as if relieving himself was more urgent than pulling Sherlock's shirt away, John lifted the seat up, focusing on the noisy sound of the shower.
Blinking, John was reminded what he meant to do.
He was listening to the sound of Sherlock and his
But Sherlock’s
Watson licked his frozen lips, and puffed out a hot breath, watching it swirl in the cold air. The freezing weather had numbed his fingers and he fiercely tried to rub them together, turning to his friend with a red nose.
Smiling, John pulled his hand away from him; instead dragging it up Sherlock’s back as he gently kissed the side of his face. Sherlock sighed, letting his head rest on John’s shoulder as he shifted his hips closer to John, brushing their erections together.
Maybe John should wait just a bit. It was not like there was any rush to fully move into Sherlock’s bedroom.
Watson blinked at the sight.
“John, what - ? Oh!”
"John."
The realisation was like a light switch for John's self control, it was unexplainable. Somehow it brought back this strict grip on himself. But this wasn't about him, this was about Sherlock who needed to be taught some manners if John indeed caught him pissing in the shower.
Oh fucking hell.
“Hey, none of that. You can tell me,” John said gently, hoping to not come across as pushy. His pumping hand stilled, instead giving the shaft a mercilessly tender massage and eliciting an impatient grunt from the detective.
Apparently having woken up from his slumber, Sherlock stood there with bare feet, voice rumbling as he looked at John with an unreadable gaze. His hair resembled that of a bird nest, John had never seen it so out of order, the usual smooth curls were in such frizzy disarray that it made him almost gape.
Sherlock pants, “God, John, please – let me, oh!” his hips jerk desperately as he tries to buck up into John’s mouth, moaning. The doctor pulls slightly away, flicking the tip of his tongue against the glans and swallows the fluids gathered there, vigorously rubbing at the weeping slit, tasting it and eliciting another gasp.
He nodded down at Sherlock’s semi hard cock, feigning disinterest at its state; secretly pleased to see the glans still prettily exposed.
He had held that lovely prick in his hand, had his fingers around it as he had rubbed it against the tiles, stimulating him much too quick, before feeling how- - just, how Sherlock had jerked into his fist, and then-
Standing there for a moment, John listened as Mrs. Hudson made her way down the stairs.
"Sherlock, dear? Your two helpers have arrived! I thought you might be a bit of a handful for John alone to handle."
John for one thought it looked very enticing.
It was wrong.
With a loud staggered breath, Sherlock stopped his fidgeting, eyes abruptly fluttering closed whilst John removed the last piece of clothing.
Despite the confusion, John’s shoulder sagged in relief as a smile formed his lips. “Brilliant. That’s brilliant, Sherlock. Really good, you’re telling me this.” John paused for a moment before sending Sherlock a regretful smile, adding, “Only thing is, I don’t remember everything I said and, uh, did. So you’d have to give me some snippets of what exactly you found, ah, good.”
He relaxed his grip, letting the sensitive cock rest in his hand whilst giving the delicate foreskin the lightest massage between his fingers, pinching it close just once to disrupt the stream and watch the messy result.
“John, you should know I appreciate this,” Sherlock began carefully, gesturing his gypsum arm between them as he spoke. John’s heart skipped a beat at Sherlock’s tone of voice; he sounded more than uncertain.
“John, we just ejaculated and I’m cold. My refractory period requires a bit more time than that.”
John's disapproval..
It's april and I'm back with another chapter!! This chapter became much longer than originally planned....enjoy :}
John’s heart sank.
210 seconds left!
“Fantastic. Then you best start drinking your next cup of tea.”
He flickered his eyes to the strangers, "Out."
John bit the inside of his cheek, feeling more distracted than he’d like to admit. "Right, okay. I think you can at least put on some pants, Sherlock. Do you need any…help?"
Sherlock chanted his name, probably unable to think about anything else but that he needed to piss -
“So you admit you enjoy it then?”
John was concerned.
The detective stared the doctor, his eyes uncharacteristically wide, pupils dilated, staring at John. He looked deliciously wet and so very flushed under the shower head; it was one hell of a tempting sight. John’s eyes trailed down, watching as tear drops of water grazed the pale torso, shamelessly running down and down the little length of Sherlock’s penis, clinging around the foreskin before dribbling down.
Perhaps it was aching already, making Sherlock just a little bit desperate.
Needed-needed-needed to—
“You--,
But what if the detective was doing it right at this moment?
He needed a case.
Stared at what he'd just seen.
? Sherlock couldn’t quite bring himself to fully scorn the fractured condition of his broken arms. Because without them he certainly wouldn’t have had John for himself now, wouldn’t have known the amount of excessive stimulation (albeit distraction) John Watson provided to him so readily. He wouldn’t have had John tell him how he—yes.
The detective looked delirious, almost panicked when John altogether removed his hand from him.
It is- god it’s -
4) masturbate near the radiator, gently.
"Right, okay, we're almost finished here anyways, just let me get the rest on you," John still had cream left on his finger, and hesitated a moment before deciding to smear the rest of it on Sherlock's balls.
? Another experiment?"
Glancing at the almost naked detective, John quickly licked his lips and made it a point of crossing his arms, waiting for Sherlock to stop his mantra.
Captain John Watson's voice was lower than Doctor John Watson's. Approximately 4,2 Hz lower. A generous drop from 141 Hz to 136,8 Hz. His mind palace was a turmoil, vibrating at its utmost attention and focus. John.
John felt a warm flush travel up his neck at the insinuation.
Besides, he still had his sticky pants on.
Back to the matter, his eyes shot up as an idea stroked him.
And Sherlock needed to figure it out.
“Jo-HN, JOHN!”
"JOHN!"
Holmes' member was limp, nestled between the thin legs, looking altogether soft-pink and vulnerable. His bollocks were hanging low, resting against the mattress.
see him naked was not in any way part of the agenda.
“Yeah?”
Hovering near the man’s bollocks, John darts his tongue out to lick at the base of Sherlock’s penis, kissing it. The detective jolts and John takes that time to press forward. He latches onto the midsection, sucking in the flesh and feels it twitch, hands meanwhile stroking the base.
Sherlock nodded, head still pressed against John’s.
495 seconds left.
Tentatively he moved off the bed and tucked himself back into his drawers, taking some tissues in his hand to mindfully clean up. Meanwhile Holmes observed him with one eye open, humming in content as Watson leaned down and picked up his spent prick, handling it with utmost care as he wiped its tip, easing the foreskin back to gently dab around the crown.
Him. Sherlock.
The cases must have shaped that arse, he thought.
He was glad that John barely ever used any perfumes, he didn't need such a trivial thing. John Watson already was the best scent himself. He was earthy and spicy, he was fresh soap and new oak wood, brown suger and earl gray tea, and when he was sweating, he smelled irresistible.
“J-John!
“Cold, John! Cold!” Sherlock’s expression turned into a grimace as he edged away from the running water, looking as displeased as ever. “You put a ridiculous amount of soap on my testicles, John! This will be torture!”
Sherlock’s prick was already so stiff in his hand; he barely could restrain himself to not give it a tight squeeze.
‘Oh fuck,’ he muttered under his erratic breathing, trying to mentally finish the bloody sentence.
God, did he really look so awful? Blinking, John slowly nodded his head.
The detective jerked at the cold, accidentally knocking the ice away. John moved it back and faltered a split moment at the sight of his flushed prick. It was starting to shrivell again.
Sherlock scoffed. “As if it’s any of Mycroft’s concern where your hand has been.”
John tilted his head, thoughtfully glancing down at Sherlock’s penis. “And now tell me, what need I hold again? I didn’t quite hear what exactly you meant.”
Feeling sorry for him, John quickly fished out the large towel he had left lying next to the bathtub. Unfolding it and spreading it out, he put it around Sherlock’s shoulders and dabbed his chest dry.
(See the end of the chapter for
The door snapped shut with a loud ‘pang’.
But he knew it wouldn’t do much for him, it probably would make it much worse. Right- no, John needed to keep his heart far away from his sleeve.
And that's when it happened. The most uncomfortable scene Watson ever had to witness happen to Holmes.
It must be Saturday, one of those special days where John did not have to go out to work and do his dull job.
- and thighs, on his ankles and feet. On his bollocks.
Or maybe it was cherry wood, but he never got the hang of identifying wood types. It could also be Walnut. Walnut was an expensive kind and always looked good. Dimly he wondered if Sherlock picked his own furniture or if it was all Mycroft’s doing. But what did it matter? John will likely not get to see it as often as he initially thought he would.
Checking the temperature, John realised it had turned cold. Fuck.
Groaning, John fully unzipped Sherlock’s trousers, ripping the material open as he urgently fisted himself, aiming his cock down towards Sherlock’s balls as he came; making in thick spurts a mess all over them.
He briefly glanced at John who was seated on the couch, oblivious to him as he watched telly with his long forgotten tea sitting next to the table, his legs were stretched out, revealing the sandy skin of his calves. Sherlock shifted his gaze to the bathroom door and dismissed the thought of asking John to undo his trousers and tuck him out (a thought he much rather liked to reserve for a whole other scenario).
Stilling his shuffling, John grimaced.
. Everything and anything to do with him apparently left John out of breath, it was beyond his own understanding. He couldn't quite believe he just got off from hearing how Sherlock took a wee in the bathroom.
It was a fresh winter morning, and it started snowing when Holmes and Watson finished a case in the park.
And now knowing what his slim body looked like underneath those clothes didn't help him in the least. Hell, apparently he had a genuine thing for Sherlock Holmes’ penis; for some reason he just couldn't stop thinking about it.
It was – well. It was just a bit adorable.
Smiling, he leaned in to kiss the corner of Sherlock’s lips before pulling away again.
The doctor shook his head, throwing the detective a disapproving look.
Sherlock looked absolutely dishevelled and out of order, his wet hair was once more plastered over his face, mouth agape and eyes intensely, desperately focused on him while water sprayed his open face. “J-John,” he repeated, “God- yes.”
Mouth agape, Sherlock blinked as his vision shook around him, trying to process that John, John Watson was in the shower with him, saying words-
Sherlock was better than that, he could hold it, his state was not that critical yet.
John nodded and stood up from his seat, crossing the room in short strides. “Well, I’ll be back in a minute...”
An offended noise suddenly escapes Sherlock. “Must you be so crude? I didn’t propose it in that way, I simply stated what following procedure my exp-,” John interrupts him with another kiss.
"Jesus," John muttered under his breath.
Sherlock’s penis was shriveling from the cold. And it was so
Without further due he sat next to his friend and told the coachman to go. Watson turned to Holmes.
“Oh,” Sherlock blinked for a moment, lips between his teeth.
His prick sure as hell didn’t look like it, the shaft was so red that it could have been mistaken for a sunburn, making John wince. And as he looked at it, Sherlock started to fidget at the sudden attention, shifting from one foot to the other. At once the atmosphere had almost instantly grown awkward.
Sherlock blatantly ignored him as he threw his head back and shut his eyes, panting and looking far too much in pained bliss.
“Look, women for one are nice, but they are next to nothing compared to you, Sherlock. I’ve never been into someone as much as I’m into you, I mean it. Your mind – that gorgeous brain of yours – Sherlock,
Realising.
Pulling away, he looks at the sporting erection, feeling pleased. Sherlock’s tip is a brilliant shade of red, almost completely exposed now, his glans beautifully glisten with pre cum and John can’t help but trail his fingers up to tease near where the crown meets the edge of Sherlock’s foreskin. Careful in his ministration, John pulls back the skin, gently flicking his thumb over the slit to spread the fluid all over the head.
Well, being quite fair, neither of them had really taken a piss while the other was still in the bathroom, blatantly watching.
John just loved –
And frowned.
He wondered if Sherlock's penis was still shrivelled or if it had recovered again.
He wasn’t exactly keen to ask any more questions on why Sherlock didn’t let him handle his hair. Apart from the reason that John lacked experience with the care routine of curly hair, he was sure it wasn’t as complex as Sherlock made it out to be. It was yet another glaring realisation that his touch was now officially deemed as unwelcome.
“You know, Sherlock, if you just used your words with more tact and told me what you needed; things wouldn’t be half as complicated. Did that ever go through that big brain of yours?”
was still overly sensitive from the tea incident. Feeling embarrassed for having forgotten, John quickly pulled the offensive underwear down, eliciting a startled gasp.
“Noticed what?”
“Well, what did you mean by that? When you said that?”
Sherlock let out a displeased noise.
Well, but even the great detective had to relieve his bladder at some point.
“Right,” John said with a serious expression, eyes moving down where Sherlock's prick rested, “it’s really too bad you can’t reach them. Well guess you have to live with that now.”
“Sure? If you don’t want me to-“
The sound of Sherlock pissing slowed down. Well.
“Really, John. If you wish to bring me off, do get on with it. I assure I have no objections to it. However, I do require the bathroom first.”
“There you go, all nice and clean. Don’t we just smell great?” John chuckled as he finished tying Sherlock’s dressing gown around his waist, rueful to see all the pale skin disappear behind the blue silk.
Sherlock pursed his lips, and stopped John before he could move the ice away. "Must you really, John? As if this isn't already humiliating enough for me!"
Keeping his hand on Sherlock’s hips, John resists the temptation to wank himself off, instead continuing to massage the cock around his lips. And good god, it is so smooth and swollen.
– I just sort of assumed you’d… I mean, you did enjoy it, right?”
"Apologies, Holmes. I wasn't aware my moustache..," he trailed off, consciously stroking a finger over the rough hair. "I suppose I'll have to refrain from kissing your cockhead again."
“Yeah,” he said catching his breath, not sure if Sherlock was actually upset about it. “Terribly sorry about that,” he half-heartedly added.
“Of course, dear. But do make sure you look after yourself; there is only so much I can do for you boys. Now, I’m heading down again, I mustn’t burn my cookies.”
Oh, how wrong he was.
needed to piss.
. But ever since he first tried this out, he had to, or better yet,
"What does it look like I'm doing?"
"-Hence my calculations, it's an absolute necessity that the pace is graduate. Because the experiment requires time, expect to include this precaution. Undoubtedly as you have wondered, the measurement of my concentration will be linked in my mind palace. My hypothesis can only lead to sufficient data if the procedure has been done as instructed, John."
I mean it, I have little time for your childish tantrums.
Sherlock ejaculated with an earth shattering sob, crying out John's name whilst coming.
----------
"I'm pissing! Let me piss John! Let me piss!"
John felt almost felt giddy whilst preparing everything that Sherlock needed in the bathroom. He turned to him, noting how the detective tried to stand still under his gaze. John's lips twitched at how obvious Sherlock was being. Never being quite as discreet as he thought he was with his feet shuffling from one side to the other, and then stiffly turning away from John, it really was an easy guess.
It made John’s heart flutter even more.
“Of course do I love you, Sherlock.” He manages to say when Sherlock blinks at him uncertainly.
He looked over at Sherlock who meanwhile had sat down on the closed toilet seat, rapidly blinking at the floor with his Adam’s apple bobbing in his throat.
John hushed his shuddering gasps as he pressed swift wet lips up his neck before drawing back again to take care of Sherlock’s distressed transport. "That okay?" he asked.
Please leave Kudos if you liked it, or even better a little comment - love those!! Many thanks! Hope you guys liked this chapter as much as I liked writing it! I'm almost at 40k with this fic which is crazy for me because I never thought I'd ever go over the 10k line....but here I am and very proud lol
Heart hammering in his chest, John could only do so much as to hold back a heavy moan as he came all over the tiles, panting. Good god, it was good.
Blinking rapidly, the detective looked more than just flustered that John had caught his reaction, as he stumbled over his words.
It was going to be good.
Holmes was starting to soften as they entered their quarters, he was hardly left in an erect state when they reached the door.
'That is perfect, John. We need to work you open here until we can get you open enough for a knot. I'm so glad we can do this while you know what's going on,' said Greg.
Lestrade seemed to understand and lifted John’s knee up around his hip.
Past exhaustion, John fell onto his back and panted. His voice cracked as he said, ‘I could’ve told you that. Just leave it.’
The tube burped as Lestrade slicked it into his palm and then onto his member. He squeezed out more, and then Lestrade’s fingers were back at his ass. His fingers felt cold, wet, and very uncomfortable.
‘The cab’s waiting outside.’ Sherlock made an about-face and used his long legs to bound across the office.
Sherlock moved closer to John in his chair. 'John, I've never cared for someone in the way that I care for you.' He reached for John , and John embraced Sherlock in a hug. John wrapped his free arm around Greg and hugged them both fiercely.
Lestrade and Sherlock were at either side immediately and helped him to stand on his feet.
Greg took John’s clawing hands into his own and squeezed them back.  He gave a slight smile that utterly confused John.
Lestrade patted at John’s hair.
John kept his frown but rolled slowly away from Greg and Sherlock. Lestrade eased John’s top leg forward at the knee before he pressed the tip of the inoffensive phallus into John’s shining, wet anus. He whined minutely but bore against the press of the silicon as Lestrade pushed. A quick ‘ah’ and Greg waited for John to sigh his readiness and pressed again and again, slowly until John was able to take the plug passed the flared base.
He felt for his scar on his left shoulder. The skin was smooth and it did not hurt to push at the tissue. His right shoulder, on the other hand was tight as he reached. His right shoulder contained the purple flecks and scaring similar to scars he’d seen of healed shrapnel wounds after an explosion or grenade. He distinctly remembered the moment he leaned over PFC Patterson to protect him from enemy fire as he put pressure over the oozing, sucking chest wound of the young soldier when the enemy bullet tore through his left shoulder. He knew that Patterson did not make it, but John had no memory of a grenade exploding shrapnel into his right shoulder. He remembered the bullet wound with graphic detail, but now that hallmark scar was gone and replaced by another.
In his mind's eye, he saw Sherlock between his legs instead of Greg, and the curls on his head bouncing with each thrust inside of him.
It was after this wrestling with his confusion that John decided to fully participate. He may not know what was happening or what to do, but he would accept the care that his friends were offering.
It was a good thing Lestrade did not have anything planned for the next week. He could take a few personal days that he had coming to help John Watson through his difficult time.
Greg passed Sherlock a cup of jasmine tea. When Sherlock failed to break his stare at John, he said, 'Come on Sherlock, try to do as John asked. It's time to get your energies restored. I know you say that food distracts from your focus, but try to consider that that's exactly what we need from you.'
‘Bloody move already. He’s not going to burst into spontaneous combustion if you aren’t in the room. Go, Sherlock. And bring a couple of wet and dry towels while you’re at it,’ Greg continued.
Sherlock returned to staring at John and sipped as ordered at his egg drop soup.
Sherlock answered, ‘You will be taken immediately by any alpha who can keep you for more than two minutes. Even if you were a hundred miles from anyone, you would eventually weaken so severally that you would slip into unconsciousness.’
His own cock throbbed at the question.
Sherlock seemed to love it.
He stared down at Sherlock as he carefully applied the cream on the shaft, paying special attention on the dark spot, and feeling the hot skin, it felt so small and dainty and vulnerable in his hand, it strangely made John happy. Sherlock gasped and jerked his hips away, expression pained.
Right on his crotch.
Hopefully the detective wasn't about to have a little puddle under his feet. He didn't intend to miss out on that.
“John,” Sherlock gasps, his voice shredded as he weakly rocks his hips, cock hardening further as another spurt shoots into John’s mouth.
Or John thought it was slowing down until suddenly the noise became much more insistent again.
Above him he hears a grunt, and John scrambles to focus on guiding Sherlock's penis out, tugging at it gently. He wonders if this experiment is really set up to examine the science behind concentration and sexual stimulus. After all, he's never sure with Sherlock, but a small glimmer in him thinks that there's more to it. They would need to talk about this, after-
. Not knowing what the detective wants, John takes pity in his searching hand and finally closes it with his own, intertwining their fingers, waiting.
“Of course, Sherlock. You will always be brilliant. There’s no…look, it’s all fine. There’s nothing driving me away, okay? Nothing,” John emphasized the last word, hoping to make this as clear as possible.
And there John is now.
. It was the kind of not good that elicited a dawning regret, and all John wanted to do was to curl up in his bed and clutch his pillow to hide his face.
Feeling encouraged, he added, “Or if I held your lovely little prick? Watching how you make wee-wee?”
“Well, I think I’ll let the coffee be. Maybe let’s head home, yeah?”
Turning around the corner, John carefully kept his mind blank, willing to ignore the reason where he was heading now. He was quite sure he would never live through this day.
Sherlock didn't answer, but rather decided to follow his word for once, sitting down with a grimace as he silently allowed John to examine him. John bent down and clinically swept his gaze over Sherlock's penis, briefly checking if his testicles showed any sign of distress, before looking back at the flushed spot on the shaft. It was turning red.
And before he was aware of what he was doing, his fingers trailed over the spot as images of yesterday swept over his eyes.
“Facts were merely established, John. What use is there to continue talking?”
Fact was, his transport twitched at the merest caress, his penis often reacting to it as an unwelcome side effect. (Visits to the hair dresser had been an obstacle for years – Sherlock had detested it, hated it – it was not until he had found his current one that the process of having his hair trimmed became somewhat tolerable – his hair follicles were at last handled with only the most necessary touch that fortunately didn’t result in Sherlock soiling his pants.)
“John.”
Oh, Christ.
To being quite honest, John didn’t understand the question. For bonkers and all, he had no idea what Sherlock was getting at this time.
He's about to- -
“There you are, dear. Thought I’d take a look at that fridge of yours in case you needed anything. But, oh my dear heavens John,” she trailed off; her brows knitting suddenly as she warily looked at him. “Is everything alright? The both of you just look out of this world.”
Yes, so much about Sherlock's lack of modesty. When John opened the door, Sherlock stood there in all his half naked glory, dressing gown sprawled open, with absolutely
John initially prepared himself for the coming task as he turned to the man and looked down at his-
“Blanket,” John groaned as he turned his body to the side, shuffling to get the blanket up from which they were laying on. Sherlock turned his head.
Had the voice been spoken any differently aside in this tone, Sherlock would not have hesitated to fire up his insults and arguments with how idiotic this ‘rule’ was. But as of currently he was unable to object, not while John was in Captain mode. His mind stuttered as oxytocin flooded his system.
. John hastily closes his lips around the sensitive tip, keen to gather the spurts of Sherlock’s semen.  At the same time, he cups Sherlock’s balls, feeling the drawn up flesh for a moment before finally moving his hand down, stroking himself furiously.
- did he feel like shit. Yesterday’s events had kept him from getting any sort of sleep. With his plaguing thoughts, he did nothing but toss and turn in his oddly cold bed. He had worried the day would never come to an end.
Never before had John paid any particular attention to Sherlock’s loo habits, but now that his mind was set on the subject it came to his attention that Sherlock rarely needed to use the loo. Even during a case, John couldn’t remember an instance where the detective had cursed about his bladder. He definitely would have noticed Sherlock disappearing for a few minutes to the bathroom. But thinking about it, John was sure that Sherlock considered this just another bodily inconvenience of the 'transport'.
With a shuddering breath, Sherlock nodded, his eyes wide as John moved into his space.
"Sherlock!"
"Oh..."
and the prospect of just going right here and there made his fingers twitch in the air. He had to do something,
vulnerable when sleep rumpled. The sheer overwhelming want John had for Sherlock made him gulp for a second.
Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly, “Changed my mind. I need the bathroom, John.”
“Thank you.”
“Sorry, say again?”
Feeling a dark flush blossoming around his neck, Sherlock hastily picked his words, “Because else I’ll urinate.”
“Right,” John started, mind drifting to his next question, “Right, ah. You liked it?”
“Good then. Shoes?”
Blinking, John was ripped out from his train of thought, feeling horrified with himself when he nearly had the detective piss the edge of the urinal.
John finished making tea, dumping the tea bags in the trash and proceeding to carry a generous cup to Sherlock. He noticed how the detective watched him, stretched out, toes wiggling with his pyjama pants clinging to his legs. Against his better judgement, John couldn't help but look down at Sherlock's crotch, seeing the lack of a buldge in those pants before trying to suppress visualising that lovely cock tucked behind those pants.
, and – and John can’t help it but lean forward, open his mouth, tilt his head, and encourage the detective to just – just – goddamn  f u c k  his throat already.
Immediately looking down, it was just what John had suspected.
, John pleasantly thought,
Sherlock's deep voice pulls him from his stupor, making him blink. There’s a frown plastered across Sherlock's face. "Yeah I'll just ... get on with it, I guess."
He shook his head frantically, concentrating not to let the horribly teasing words affect his bladder.
This however seemed to put Sherlock off. “That is, I mean, if you’re . . .  amenable of course. I don’t intend to—“
"For God's sake, John! My shower routine has a specific schedule, hurry up already!"
John has the strangest sense of unwrapping something he's been waiting for months on end. Namely a gift to get rid of Sherlock Holmes' bloody pants.
Once, twice – cock pulsating – a  n d – another spurt.
“J-John,” Sherlock choked out a string of incoherent gibberish as the movement sent sparks through his whole nervous system, making his bladder cramp and his sensitive nerves jerk. Without warning he felt a mixture of precome and piss spurt out of his urethra, damping his cockhead, and instantly making Sherlock lose all control.
He also took himself in hand and immediately noted the considerable difference between his and Holmes’ flesh. Holmes was so much smaller than him, all dainty and short, penis much more compacter than his. The thought proved to be so arousing to him that he felt himself jerk in his grip. He saw no other reason but to give in and join Holmes’ forbidden behavior.
Curious.
Sherlock scoffed.
As if this day wasn't already tedious enough.
Watson's nostrils flared when he came to the sudden realisation that this was one of the beggars from the last case. He pursed his lips, ready to hit the man, wanting to repay him for his actions,  but somebody was holding me back.
Before however the detective suffered any kind of shut down, John was already removing his hand, side stepping the stream of the shower, grinning. “There, much better, I think.”
Halting, John’s brows shot up the ceiling. “Jesus, Sherlock. You better be not serious about this.”
“What else do you like then, John?” Sherlock suddenly asked; eyes attentively fixed on John’s face as he straightened his back.
Oh, right.
Sherlock sighed exasperated, “What’s got this to do with my inability to undo my trousers? I told you, John, your idiotic concern for clinical detachment doesn’t matter to me! Must I really repeat myself?”
Shaking his head, John tried to stop the loop of words from circling his mind. To be honest, the whole thing was more than a bit bonkers.
Hastily throwing a glance at the cab driver, John hoped he didn’t hear anything. He scarcely could believe Sherlock was still in a state; surely he was just trying to get back at John.
I totally think that Sherlock occasionally gets his finger nails done – what do you think?
Right, John definitely had an overly tense detective in front of him.
It only further proved to him that Sherlock was being even a greater idiot then he initially had believed. Yes, take Sherlock Holmes, actual genius who genuinely thought he could fight his own bladder.
A shudder travelled through his nervous system, electrifying him. His vision was momentarily blurred as he willed his mind palace to work.
. Blinking his daydream away, John’s vision still insistently swam in detailed pictures of those buttocks clad in shiny designer trousers. In fact, he was slow to realise that he was standing outside of Baker Street still staring at Sherlock’s bum with the hundred of CCTVs present, recording him and what not. At the thought of Mycroft possibly seeing how John ogled his brother, he hastily forced his attention to the busy street, seeing just in time as a cab pulled to the side.
Sherlock twisted away so there was some distance between them as he looked up from the embrace. John held him by the waist before letting go slowly, reluctantly.
His body shook with sensation when John held him still by the hips before flicking – r u b b I n g – his palm over the weeping soft tip, making Sherlock see stars.
John then rolled his eyes. He really didn’t understand why Sherlock kept bringing up the subject of the women he went on dates with, it was the single thing that Sherlock would mention over and over again, slowly but surely agitating John.
It was a sight that Watson was not familiar with, it rendered him to stare at the detective in open curiosity.
A white bearded figure suddenly appeared in front of them, tightly gripping a cane between red, dirty fingers, and then with a swift unexpected movement, swung the end of the cane between Holmes' legs.
“John! Cold!
John’s eyes widened when he felt himself twitch in his pants, his trousers were starting to tent, his buldge reaching out towards the heat of his laptop. He shuddered as he gently pressed his laptop against his bulge, rubbing it and stifling a gasp.
All shriveled up and cold.
“You enjoy it, John, I enjoy it. It’s mutual. Previous to your drunken slip, you’ve called my penis small before. It’s fine, I don’t mind. I appreciate it.”
“Alright, first let’s get you out of those bloody trousers,” he said pulling the material down Sherlock’s legs and tossing it to the side before leaning down to wipe at his groin.
Hearing abrupt movements behind him, John turned around only to come face to face with his towering flatmate.
Blinking, John quickly pulled his hand away, suddenly realising what he was doing. Feeling almost guilty, he really shouldn't think about how he wanted to--
Holmes shut his eyes in guarded mortification, when he internally admitted that a further drag of friction to his long neglected member would undoubtedly bring him to his crisis. His dignity to remain composed in front of Watson rendered him to follow his advice. He sighed as he turned to Watson and handed him his coat with warm cheeks.
And now? John was here anticipating Sherlock's next visit for the loo!
Sherlock wanted to…
It looked so
John tossed his newspaper aside, leaning back in his chair as he waited for Sherlock to come up the stairs. Since it was nearly lunch time, John hadn’t bothered to wait up for Sherlock to ask what kind of take away he’d prefer. He just went with Thai and some noodles that hopefully would all be eaten today.
Having researched the innumerable ways of how to efficiently deepen the bond between two male friends, Sherlock was determined to proceed with his plan. To think that he was forced to abort his progress simply because he was incapacitated was
“Right, yeah. Sorry,” he said, searching for the silky fabric.
But Watson would have to examine it properly to be certain.
Sherlock closed his eyes.
“I’m fine, Watson,” he gritted, visibly wincing when trying to stand up. “No need to take such measures.”
Bending down, John tried to remain composed as he quickly adjusted the towel back around his waist.
Racking his eyes over the very wet detective, John couldn’t help but notice that Sherlock looked…tense.
They stared at one another, air tense, when suddenly John and Sherlock shared a laugh.
Or small size, he thought heatedly.
“Oh. Yeah, ‘course.” John had let go of him while he had asked Sherlock, not even bothering to aim him as Sherlock’s stream straight up hit the wall all by itself. John meanwhile had taken the moment to adjust himself in his jeans, showing off a rather obscene bulge that had Sherlock’s mouth go dry.
His state: desperate.
Sherlock let out a gasp.
(See the end of the chapter for
A silence stretched the room as John fidgeted with the tube of the creme in his hand, while Sherlock scowled and cursed his transport.
Unlike his own cock, Sherlock’s is still rock hard, jutting proudly in his face. The sight is enough to turn John back on, making him swallow at the force of his own arousal. But the additional hand holding suddenly makes it more . . . intimate, strangely romantic and it makes John’s heart stutter.
Sherlock looked away exasperated. “Yes as usual, John. Quite naturally, you smell good. I simply intend for you to discourage your use of scented products. It’s obviously not necessary.”
He wanted to rub himself exactly where he had rubbed Sherlock’s perfect prick. G o d  did he need a wank.
With a feverish look, Holmes' pulse visibly raced.
The stranger reeked of filth; he opened his mouth and slurred, "Deserved it with his big ego an' all. Stealin' ma things! Sombod’ shoulda hit him there."
Sherlock’s penis – his penis was – o h-
Since having carefully measured the degree of their friendship, Sherlock's been more than willing to improve it with an expectant outcome in mind: of keeping John to himself -
Perhaps he'd put on a good example for Sherlock and his 'high functioning' bladder.
His transport was already tensing up at the thought, and Sherlock quickly shifted his legs.
“Oh, alright. How about you say red when you want me to stop, yellow when you need a pause, and green when you want me to continue, yeah? That okay?”
Recognising the look that said ‘whatever-you’re-saying-I’m-going-back-to-my-mind-palace’ John paused and put his hands on his hips to give his flatmate a stern look of disapproval. Halting in his pace, Sherlock craned his neck to the side and grunted unimpressed as he met John’s gaze with a glare.
Knowing what had happened was less than appropriate, John knew he needed to put an end to this.
“It’s not,-- Sherlock, I’m just trying to-“
John meanwhile halted mid-sentence, blinking at what Sherlock’s just said. “Er, what? Say again?”
Heart hammering, the scene affected him more than it had any right to, he thought.
Shaking his head, John stiffly walked towards the bathroom, opening the door, and waiting for the detective to follow behind.
Very slowly, John rubbed the flat palm of his hand back on Sherlock, barely stimulating him, just cradling and rubbing the shaft,
John’s breath stuttered at the clear picture that his mind produced. Sherlock was definitely standing, and pointing his-,
. And while he did so he was holding himself, holding his soft penis between his long, pale fingers, aiming it towards the porcelain bowl, as he focused to not make a mess, to not let one drop escape to the floor.
Immediately the hand he holds tightens its grip as John hollows out his cheeks, feeling the detective throb and jerk upwards, brushing against the roof of his mouth, all the while gasping. And John starts teasing him more, making sure to use his tongue all over the sensitive skin, his right hand meanwhile pins Sherlock’s hips down, feeling the ridges of the delicate hipbones in his palm.
“All my prior observations and calculations suggested a six percent chance of you agreeing to this and a four percent chance of you performing it. I marked my hypothesis as unlikely to be executed. Obviously I haven’t asked the test object at that time frame, otherwise it would have been clear to conduct a revaluation on my hypothesis, which I did upon receiving your starkly contrasted answer. It was evident that I had miscalculated something, and I re-examined the case. My new thesis and possible conclusion indicated that-,” Sherlock pauses then; a painfully hopeful look in his eyes, making John’s heart instantly stutter, “that you reciprocate my sentiment in every way.”
John couldn’t help the last word from slipping out because it was the truth. Sherlock’s cock was perfect and John wouldn’t have it any other way.
John’s brows shot up. “And how is that useful to know?”
While he said so he took a step forward, invading the detective’s personal space as he gingerly gripped his shirt on both sides, dragging it down to get it off the gypsum covered arms.
"You can't force me, John."
Later, he had consulted with his inner and more professional side that, perhaps, someone else should look after the madman and help him with those things. But then he considered the fact that this was Sherlock, and Sherlock would hate to be surrounded and helped by some strangers - not to mention - John would too.
“Can’t.”
“What? I think you’ve been doing brilliantly, Sherlock. Actually, I think we’ve been getting on rather amazing here, don’t you think? Well, under the circumstances at least,” John chuckled, eyeing the silk covered gypsum arms.
John was overcome with the sudden image of Sherlock needing to piss, whatever the stubborn git wanted to or not, it was good to know that even his detective had to go from time to time. It was a bodily function that Sherlock could not just easily ignore without facing the consequences.
It was-
before he had slipped on his cool façade to hide it all. Often John was still slow with reading Sherlock’s face, but what was he supposed to do? Yell at him to stop time so John could decipher his facial expression?
And god does he want to- -
Holmes felt himself tingling under his companion's observant gaze, and quickly sat up to unwrap the offensive towel around him. His hands were shaking and he was mortified that the cold excited his phallus in such a peculiar way.
Sherlock’s eyes were alight with eager surprise. “Are
Sherlock being ignorant and decidedly Sherlockian about it, huffed. “I really don’t see how this would negatively impact me. Your lack of clinical detachment is of little matter to me; either way your hand would fulfil the same purpose.”
). Sober John had been attempting to wind him up with this...interest?
Licking his lips, John hurriedly straightened his back, putting his fingers back to his keyboard and clicking some random letters.
He had wanked the great detective.
There was a pause in which despite himself, John couldn’t help but let out a chuckle. He bit the inside of his cheek. It was a risk what he had said. He probably should-
Gritting his teeth, Sherlock started rocking his hips, his heart thumping wildly in his chest as his mind crumbled down. Need.
shouldn’t be a thing. The sticky pants bit. That definitely wasn’t something John had dealt with
, it echoed in his mind.
, and not because drunk me liked saying that to you. Because, oh god, you know I don’t want to hurt your--”
Admittedly, Sherlock was considerably flustered by this development. John, who was possibly one of the most unobservant men in London, certainly had taken notice of it – which in some aspects were both helpful and unhelpful to the extent of it becoming a possible disadvantage in the future. The fact being: after four and a half days (one-hundred-and-five hours and forty-three minutes), John had wordlessly latched onto this unspoken need and indulged Sherlock. Indulged him readily and overwhelmingly with this unparalleled
He sprung up and opened the door, turning to the detective who seemed to have suddenly stiffened in his seat.
“Why, of course. No need to feel envious, my dear Holmes.” He felt his eyes glint when he received an unimpressed look.
And John was his friend; lusting from afar was arguably a different story then lusting right next to him under the pretence of ‘help’ – Sherlock had no idea what it was really doing to John, this whole ‘helping’ and ‘assisting’ thing. God, John was a sodding sex pest . Almost tossing Sherlock off  –
And John loved it. John loved it to bits.
Though to his great relief, the whole scanning business didn’t take much longer than a second. John didn’t even need to look away out of discomfort. Meanwhile Sherlock kept frowning as his eyes flickered down the leather shoes, seeing them still sprawled open, untied.
A smile tugged at his lips. “You like that?”
Because John actually stared.
. . .
“Not if you mind me doing something about it, no.”
, he repeats in his head.
.  John’s heart thudded in his chest. He swallowed.
How could anybody be so god damn breathtaking?
He couldn’t help but let out a laugh for a second.
Without being told twice, John did as he was told, satisfied to see no further urine leaving the tip as he moved on to tuck him back into the trousers. Having closed the zip over him, Sherlock shifted in slight discomfort.
John scratched his neck, staring down at the carpet beneath his feet, weighing his options.
And bollocks.
For some reason he felt overly curious to hear any sounds coming from said room, and so John remained in his frozen pose, fingers resting over the keyboard, quietly hoping to gauge what Sherlock was doing.
Unimpressed by the threat, Sherlock merely cocked his eyebrow, as if not quite believing John would do such a thing, before turning around and disappearing behind the wall that led to the urinals.
Sherlock’s penis must be of the overly sensitive sort, he figured.
That’s when John furrowed his eyebrows, feeling even more confused. “Nice? No one uses that word together with acceptable, Sherlock.”
"I did. I am done," Sherlock says slowly, sounding as if he is testing out his words. "As you can see, I'm sitting down now." Long lovely fingers are twiddling with boxes of mould and John swallows suddenly.
But masturbating to the thought of him was pushing a point.
, John. If you could just open my trousers . . . I’d be more than amenable for green.”
The detective bit his lip and did as he was told, forcing himself to halt still when he felt his doctor's intent gaze on his most delicate parts.
"Watson," he panted.
“Please what?” John’s pulse raced in anticipation, cock jumping in his pants.
John hesitated. ”Yeah, well. Just recalled what went on last night and…y'know. Really not that good.”
John presses a kiss on his cheekbones, nodding encouragingly.
It had rendered him quite speechless.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. I’m perfectly aware my penis is small. Problem?”
Licking his lips, John rushed in with an apology, unsure how he could make this better because
Having achieved the hurl of zipping him up, it only kept getting easier from there to dress Sherlock and once he had buttoned up the whole trail of those shiny buttons, John couldn’t hold back the relieved sigh that escaped his lips.
Throwing the towel away, John put on jumper, pants and jeans before sitting down on his bed to stare blankly on the floor.
. Sherlock silently sighed as he reluctantly stilled his hand and withdrew it as he waited for John to start ranting on and throwing glances in his direction to see whether he was listening or not.
His transport was on the brink of losing control. Its state: critical,
“Sh’lock? Hey, that you?”
“John!”
Inwardly groaning, he pulled himself together, moving his hands away to unbutton the last remaining buttons of the shiny shirt, looking down at the end of the shirt and further down to briefly, just briefly follow the hair that trailed down and down the-
As if in a trance, Sherlock gulped down the liquid, and John was satisfied to feel the cup getting lighter in his hand. Sherlock must have been thirsty, he realised suddenly. John really shouldn't have disappeared for so long.
"All right?" John asked, needing to assure himself Sherlock was in fact fine.
The detective was so aroused, he barely could form a proper sentence, lips trembling as he stumbled over his own words. "Watson, it is not...dear me, W-Watson! It is not...don't stop!"
Already on the brink of losing his nerve, John rubbed the blunt head of his cock against the tiles, stroking himself, and thinking about the fact that that’s how Sherlock came last night.
The detective moaned and writhed under Watson's ministrations, apparently enjoying it. The doctor smiled and lovingly petted Holmes' length, feeling it twitch and harden against his fingers.
Feeling hot in the face, John is sure Sherlock has no clue what this whole talk is doing to him - which he figures is a good thing. Admittedly, John's been thrumming with anticipation ever since that morning that Sherlock mentioned this particular experiment to him. That doesn't make it less mad of course. Because it is. Absolutely goddamn
It was exactly what Sherlock’s been itching for these last days; the opportunity to unwind. Finding the right moment and the right circumstances as well as the right amount of time to do this during the day was more of a hassle than he cared to admit. His initial promise of not indulging in this too often was starting to wear off as Sherlock caught himself wanting to do it more and more frequently. The longer John remained in a room with him the more tempting it became to repeat this indulgence.
His stomach at once clenched.
“John! I need to-,” the detective frantically moved his legs, “-I’m going to piss! I’m going to piss, now!”
170 seconds left.
The great detective held onto him, gripping and leaning on his shoulder as he moved, he had his legs a bit more parted than usual, indicating that his bollocks must have received the majority of the trauma. His member didn't show any off putting redness or swelling from the incident itself.
And the notion of Sherlock confessing anything is practically unreal.
Scrambling for words, John finally said, “Right, sorry. It’s just, when I heard you behind that unlocked door I realized I want to try something out with you. I enjoy the thought of you... pissing and us engaging in this area. What are your thoughts on this? I know it’s a bit …much.”
-----JW POV------
15°C.
The detective looked endearingly ridiculous, with his disheveled hair and oddly matched clothes. Sherlock insisted that he had to wear his dressing gown over the gypsum, wanting to hide them a bit, which in turn made his arms appear gigantic. Sherlock's thin face gained some colour from laughing, it reminded the doctor that he needed to drink something.
“John. Towel,” he gasped.
She looked concerned.
“My hands- ? But what’s so special about my hands?”
Impatience settled down his nerves as Sherlock watched John drift further into sleep, oblivious to their sticky mess.
John gaped at him. “Of course not! But why-“
And John wanted to see.
. This being allowed to explore and go at it slowly with Sherlock.
An ‘oh’ escaped John’s lips. Still feeling tense what he actually wanted to talk about, he continued to stare at Sherlock’s crotch.
A moment past.
“How in god’s name would he even get to-,” John muttered to himself, feeling irritation spike up as he looked out the window.
Flustered, John quickly yanked the door open, letting the detective go past him without a word. It was an unfortunate thing then when John’s self control over this whole god-damn situation was about to slip away. With Sherlock’s back turned, his eyes swept over the tall form of the lanky detective, staring at the snug dress pants around his hips and noting the way his bum stretched the material. And John was transfixed by the need to
“And you . . . you want to kiss me?”
The detective looked just a bit flustered by the whole attention John was giving him, eyes flickering away as John peered a bit longer into his brilliant eyes.
He turned to Holmes with a sudden request on his tongue, asking him the impossible.
“That’s it, we’re going to-,” he paused, watching as Sherlock crossed his legs, frantically trying to squeeze himself between his thighs.
He was just so very needy to let go already. Lovely and so breathtakingly needy to piss with his desperate little cock.
Maybe he could change Sherlock's mind.
The way he had reacted after his
Truthfully speaking, Sherlock had quite underestimated the sheer activity of John’s libido. Quite possibly, he had miscalculated John’s sex drive, or, perhaps, his sexual attraction towards him. His mind palace was a turmoil over this not-so-unimportant factor.
“John,” Sherlock breathed as his stream slowed, and a final trail of urine dripped down the urinal, “stop thinking and continue with the procedure.”
Sherlock suddenly straightened his back, his eyes narrowed as he prompted, “You just what, John?”
Savouring the sight before him, John stopped just at the right moment, letting Sherlock catch his breath as he kissed along the nape of his long, flushed neck. “That good?” he asked after a moment.
Sherlock wants to calculate some utter nonsense about the limits of his concentration, and so has been looking for a candidate to give him a--
"John! 10 minutes, 600 seconds!," Sherlock interrupted, looking annoyed that John wasn't getting the message.
Sherlock bit his lip. “You think so?”
Exhaling hotly, John couldn't stop staring at Sherlock's crotch. "Well, you great git, uncross your legs if you expect me to hold you!" He thought it best to appear passive aggressive, in hope of overshadowing his more than inappropriate excitement for the situation.
Hearing Holmes say this, brought up to his attention that the detective was indeed just a man, which Watson was well aware of, but sometimes it simply seemed natural to forget that fact with Holmes being compared to a machine ever so often. But Watson fortunately knew for a fact that the detective was very much human.
Voice sounding bemused, Sherlock must have gauged the hesitancy that was radiating from the fidgeting doctor.
Sherlock would be pissing helplessly as John walked in, he’d be unable to stop urinating midstream, and John would have the perfect opportunity to stand next to him, have a little glance of his lovely penis between his fingers, and see how the urine escaped the tip.
John’s face was gripped with the sweat of the heat, but he was finally calm and relaxed.
John waved Sherlock's hand away. 'I don't have a fever. I'm fine. Now, I'm starved. Greg where are the forks? Please?' he added as he nearly forgot the politeness of an Englishman. 'Sherlock sit down. You can have this bowl of egg drop.'
Even the slight movement of trying to stay balanced with all of Greg’s pushing caused subtle friction of Sherlock’s member inside him. He could feel it hardening again and he shivered.
After the initial sharp pain of Sherlock pulling out of him, John felt immediate throbbing at the abused ring of flesh. His muscles spasmed at the sensation of emptiness after being thoroughly stretched. His arms, legs and stomach ached from unreleased lactic acid. His mind, on the other hand, could not get passed his confusion. The two men he trusted the most in the world had just raped him.  ‘Please let go now, Lestrade.’ He tested at Lestrade’s hold on his hands.
take care of you, but if you know of someone else you’d like to do this with, you need to tell us right now. You’re very short on time.’
‘Please be careful, Greg. Please go easy. Lestrade?’ Sherlock’s voice was high and nervous, which was saying something because Sherlock was a few cigarette packs away from having James Earl Jones’ voice.
Lestrade had made it his top priority to not see Sherlock’s penis through this whole ordeal, but he was clutching himself and that drew Lestrade’s attention.
John knew that Lestrade was talking, but he sounded far away.
Sherlock wrapped his hands around the hot mug that had obviously been stolen from Lestrade's office as it was marked with the Scotland Yard logo. 'You want me to stop caring for John?'
’ The last word went up sharply, and Lestrade knew he’d finally been penetrated.
Sherlock blinked with realization and took in a deep breath and turned off the heat as the kettle began to rattle with a rolling boil.
‘You have to act as though you’re his alpha. You have to take him. He’s your omega now. Bite him, mark him. Let him know that he’s yours, Sherlock. It’s just like in the movies.’ Lestrade allowed one of John’s arms to slip free.
This time it felt more like a spasm and not a strong ejaculation to John. He could feel Lestrade’s pubic hairs dig into his backside; the inspector was pressed so deeply into him. He could also feel the knot waning as his inner walls felt the decrease in pressure. John panted and clenched at Lestrade’s member instinctively with the change.
'I can't say that I know what this will feel like,' said Lestrade, 'but brace yourself. I'll do everything I can to make it fast. Just tell me when you're ready.'
Lestrade took both of John’s wrists and pressed his weight on top of them. John’s head rested on the pillow their arms made. In this position, John would be physically unable to sit up or take a swing at Sherlock’s face.
'Ow, ow!' John wailed as the knot grew inside of him. The member bore deeply inside of his anus, completely missing the newly discovered vaginal passage. John ached for it to be breached again and alternatively burned at the stretch of the knot.
Greg said gently, 'John let me know when you feel up to, well, when you feel well enough for me to remove your plug. I need to check you for a few things.'
The bed shifted as Sherlock abruptly stood and switched on a lamp. He pulled the sheet back from John.
'When you feel up to moving, let's get you back into Sherlock's bed.'
‘Three days.’
John whimpered as Greg reached his hand down John’s body and between his legs.
Lestrade pulled and pushed at his buttocks, and John squeezed reflexively. Sherlock gave another pleased growl and bit a little harder.
Sherlock breathed hard as he tried to solve his problem with his hands.
Maybe not his own body.
Sherlock jumped when John cried out and took John's hand from the sheet and squeezed it.
Lestrade tried to blur the image of Sherlock’s knot from his mind and turned back to John. ‘I’ll help you with it. Turn on your belly.’
His anus was sore from his encounter with Sherlock just half an hour ago, and each push and pull of Lestrade’s member burned at the tiny tears in the tissue. It hurt worse in the center of his pelvis. It was unlike anything John had felt before. He could only conceptualize it as a swelling, growing heat. Like the irritating itch on the bottom of his foot, but the itch couldn’t be reached between the sock and shoe. There was no satisfying the sensation, and he let Lestrade know with an equally unsatisfied moan.
John leaned his hips forward trying to pull away from Sherlock.
of course John thought. He also thought that Letrade was dragging this out more than necessary. He squeezed Lestrade’s arm.
John lifted his head and with a frown he cried, 'My what?' with a high pitch in his voice.
John blinked at them incredulously. ‘And if I want to leave the flat and sort this out myself?’
'Ah, better obviously, but um, I don't know. When I woke up, I felt more myself than the past few days. I'm sore. Still pretty exhausted. More than anything I wanted some fried food more than I've craved anything in a long time. Like after a binder but ten fold,' replied the doctor. I wanted proteins and salts. I ordered the take out. I noticed that your brother has been sending supplies, but something about energy snacks turned me off. I needed real food.'
Sherlock’s eyes shined in the dark and focused directly on John Watson. ‘Are you alright? Are you feeling alright, John?’
‘I know how anal plugs work,’ John said, thoroughly irritated. He eased onto his back and tried to stretch out on the bed. The bed linens were in various stages of wet, wrinkled, and sticky. He wanted nothing more than to pass out into a deep sleep, but the soiled bedding was distracting and uncomfortable. ‘’m so tired.’ His eye lids felt like they were weighted down with lead, but he writhed to the far side of the bed in an attempt to find a dry spot. His own musky scent mixed with Sherlock’s in the sheets was overpowering.
He tore off the paper and removed the lid from the box. Inside was another paper card that read ‘I thought I’d provide one of each to help him work his way up, as it were.’ Beneath the card was another wrapped package. Lestrade opened it and found that it contained several plugs and knotting dildos of various lengths, widths, and colors. He instantly picked the small, yellow plug that looked the least intimidating for John. There was a small, unassuming gel dildo with a snow-flake symbol on the package, and he made a note to freeze it for later use.
John tried desperately to pull and push with his arms. ‘Nuuhh, no, no, ah, ah! Ow, ow, Sher – ow, ahhh, ow! Nuh, ouch, ow, ow, you’re hurting, ahhh!’ His free leg thrashed.
Sherlock approached John and raised his arm to feel John's face.
John shut his eyes tight. Lestrade’s member was pressing at his backside searching for entrance, and John panted when it found his opening. He was surprisingly receptive to the push at the ring of muscle as Lestrade penetrated him.
'Oh, John! You feel amazing,' Lestrade said in a gravely tone.
Sherlock lifted his head. ‘What?’
'This is the very best time for you to wash up. It'll be good for your sore muscles. It'll give you a clearer head. Come on now, Sherlock. Please get in the shower,' urged Greg.
John was already beginning to cool down, but the cloth felt incredibly good. His lips were dry and parched from his heat and his yelling, and he sighed as the cloth passed over his face several times. He looked up and back toward Lestrade and gave him his look of thanks.
‘He’s fine, Sherlock. I’ve got him.’
‘Sher, fetch us some fresh linens,’ said Lestrade as he sat on the corner of the large bed and looked down at Watson.
The intrusion of another man’s flesh inside of John’s body burned.
The smaller man groaned and growled in frustration. 'You're not in right, ah! Ow, ow, please wait!' He thrashed.
Sherlock’s hands continued down John’s abdomen to his belly and hips. The right hand snaked further and grasped his inner thigh.
‘Just try and breathe, John,’ Sherlock advised. ‘Come now, you’ve had worse in the army. Greg, bite him. Do something. It’s too much for him.’
Lestrade jerked and came a second time, and John twitched at the distinct pulse of heat deep inside of him.
Sherlock’s proximity made John’s skin crawl. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him.
John cried in utter conflict. He'd repeatedly begged them to stop. In his universe, what they'd done was blatant rape. They would have been arrested, prosecuted, and incarcerated. John would have been removed from the flat in an ambulance. He would have endured a painful and emotional physical exam, a full report of the attacks, and a round of anti-HIV medications as a preventative measure. He would return to the flat with no best friend and no Greg to call to console him. Mrs. Hudson would walk on egg shells but eventually still ask for the full rent or to get a new flat-mate.
‘John was adamant. He did not want a bond mate, and he did not want to experience a heat. If I were to find an alpha for him – ‘
‘Let us help you. Sherlock?’
‘Just get his pants.’
Greg swallowed down a bite of egg roll to respond. 'Your senses, including taste, are going to be heightened.' Again Greg admonished that, as a physician, John should have known common symptoms of an omega in heat. 'Listen, John, I know that you're feeling better and you have your appetite back, but it is best when possible to, um, attend to you before you begin feeling desperate and feverish.' Lestrade had a double motive in discussing his condition in this forward manner.  Of course it would be best to have a willing Dr. Watson in this delicate condition. It would be be physically, mentally, and emotionally beneficial to not tax the poor fellow any further than he had been. His improved condition, talking, walking, and feeding himself was a welcome surprising turn, but it would be wise to be cautious with a man so far into an uncontrolled heat. Greg's new, more pressing concern was to sway what ever was happening in his favorite savant, consulting detective's mind and body. If Greg had control of anything in the addled hormonal states of his friends, it was to mate with John willingly and in full view of the fledgling Sherlock's bond status. Greg was interrupted from his thoughts when Sherlock asked John how he was feeling.
‘Bite him,’ Lestrade offered.
That was exactly what Sherlock appeared to do. His breathing became rapid and he paced around the bed.
‘It’s the hormones, John, he’s just trying to  - ’
asking what I thought.’
Lestrade took John’s exposed neck as an offer and bit and sucked at a sizable piece of flesh above his clavicle.
‘Sherlock, you have got to bite him,’ Lestrade instructed.
John squeezed his hand in Lestrade's. 'Mmm, this is certainly new.' He took several deep breaths. He did what he could to account the sensations Sherlock was giving him as a necessary medical procedure, no different than the countless pelvic exams he'd performed in his career as a GP. 'I feel sort of, um, swollen, I guess. Definitely getting more blood flow.' John worried about working up to an erection. He consciously pushed away thoughts on how his anatomy had changed in this universe. 'Ah! Ow!' John winched and jerked forward to stop Sherlock from pushing further. 'Stop! Don't push anymore.'
John groaned in obvious displeasure. 'Why?' John's voice was small. Despite having just experienced an overwhelming orgasm, he was keen to continue with the sex. Another flush of heat burned across his skin and weakened his muscles. 'Oh, please! I can't . . .'
‘John, listen, listen.’ Lestrade held him around his shoulders. ‘Just listen now. Your temperature is up again. We need to help you - ’
‘The second is perhaps the lesser of the two evils,’ Sherlock said. He was looking intently at the smiling yellow face painted onto the wallpaper with his hands squeezing one another behind his back. ‘A multitude of beta volunteers would take you for days until your heat was over. You’re unlikely to bond with one of them, so once your fever was over, you’d still have control over your life.’
John took a shuddering breath.
‘This is going to hurt him. There is not getting around that, and he’s going to fight us. You’ve got to follow through, Sherlock.’
John winced at the realization that his best-friend was still watching. He’d grown half an erection between his belly and Lestrade’s, and it felt grand; intoxicating.
John went rigid and cried. The strong hands holding him in place burned on his skin. The bite only added to the pain and didn't seem to alleviate the stretching of his rectum. He cried and yelled, 'I'm splitting open, God! It's too much, I'm tearing!'
Greg sighed. ‘We’re going to take the boiling water and pour it over the tea and make a fresh pot.’
‘Sherlock, damn it, he can’t handle a rejection right now. You’ve got to knot him now,’ shouted Lestrade. ‘You’ve got to be in him!’
‘You wanted to talk,’ grumbled Sherlock.
John registered the change in his vision before the pain made its presence known to his brain. Sherlock had jerked behind him, dark speckles danced in front of John’s eyes, and he realized that something felt very wrong in his backside.  The pressure from Sherlock’s knot entering him was so intense that John was only able to acknowledge that something larger than he could accommodate had been forced passed his sphincter before the spots of darkness enveloped him entirely.
At that John looked hopeful, and Sherlock gritted his teeth and forced his hands behind his back.
‘Yeah, okay, okay. Yeah, but I’ll have to get to it later. I’ve definitely got to take off for Monday and Tuesday. Alright, just leave it on my voicemail. Yeah, bye,’ Lestrade finished his phone call as he replaced Sherlock in the bathroom. He took his sentry post next to John by sitting on the loo. He sighed as he watched John. ‘You probably don’t want to hear anything from me, but you have been very brave. It is not often that people go into heat so unprepared.’
‘They are both doing better each time. Bit of a hiccup earlier, but Sherlock is doing splendid right now. I need supplies.’ Greg searched the wreck of the living room for his trousers if not his underwear.
‘Greg!’ John was obviously trying to shout, but his voice didn’t have any strength. He continued to pull himself across the bed toward the door.
Tall and dramatic as ever with his coat collar and scarf pulled tight around his neck, self-titled consultant detective Sherlock Holmes glared at Lestrade. ‘I need you need to answer my questions directly and quickly. You’re a beta correct? And your wife is an omega?’
It was driving Lestrade to irritation and he loudly declared to John, ‘Okay, on your back. You shouldn’t need to be taken again so soon. It’ll keep you prepped for the next time.’
‘Fuck, Greg, please just you, kay? Please? I’ll do this. I’ll do this all you want, but just you, Greg. Greg?’ pleaded Watson.
'I ... need you,' Sherlock's voice croaked.
‘Fine, fine,’ said Lestrade. ‘I agree. But I think we need to give it a better try than that. You want to avoid bonding and traumatizing him. For now, this is still the best way. His temperature is down, so he has been receptive. His body just hasn’t accepted you. Sometimes it takes a few tries. That’s why heats last for days, not an hour.’
Greg did not appear to understand and continued to force John back and down onto an unwavering protuberance. ‘Sherlock, push! Now!’
The best remedy would have been for Greg to leave the room, the flat even, but his absence from John would substantially increase the risk that John would then form a permanent bond with Sherlock.
'We're through the worst of it, but the air will help clear all of our heads.'
John clawed at Greg’s shoulders as he kept pushing him. He was slick but Sherlock couldn’t penetrate him entirely. The swell of flesh at Sherlock’s base was too thick to slip inside of John.
‘I will, I will. I promise,’ Greg assured. He wrapped his hands around John’s chest to help steady him.
The look Sherlock gave him made Lestrade think of himself at the age of nineteen when his girlfriend, and later his wife, told him that she was in heat and needed him. It was a look of pure youth and inexperience.
John shuddered, and blood quickly drained from his head to his arousal. The sensation of Sherlock filling him, all be it against his express wishes, and being held so intimately in his hand . . . to feel and smell his hot breath on his neck . . .
‘I’m not making tea at a time like this,’ grumbled Sherlock and he wretched his elbow from Greg’s grasp. ‘He needs one of us in there; you said so yourself. He shouldn’t be alone.’
‘Of that, I’ve no doubt.’
‘Well, I thought we were bonded. Guess that’s what I get for marrying for love,’ Lestrade moaned and rolled his eyes. ‘What are you going on about?’
Tears mingled with the sheen of sweat on John's face, and Sherlock did what he could to wipe the moisture from his flushed face.
Sherlock released his bite and continued. His tongue and nose drew pathways along his shoulder and neck that mirrored the trails his fingertips ghosted over John’s chest, belly, and thighs.
John screamed. His previously lax body contorted in a sudden spasm of undirected muscle contractions, and though Sherlock struggled to maintain the press of their bodies, John pulled away from the knot and cried out at the rude pain at his backside.
Ever the paragon of physical control, Sherlock was trembling violently even as he held John in a fierce grip. His respirations were far too rapid to be effective, and the banging of Sherlock’s heartbeat against John’s back was damned unhealthy.
Sherlock pulled at John's leg until it was bent over his own thigh. The skin was moist and hot, and he caressed the knee with his thumb to offer what comfort that he could.
He felt Sherlock grip is hand, which John had clawing into Lestrade’s bicep. Once he realized how hard he was squeezing, he let Sherlock take his hand. The skin at Lestrade’s arm was red and formed the perfect impression of John’s fingers.
John began to stir and then moaned as he felt Sherlock there. ‘Mmmh, no, no.’
'What is it?' Sherlock asked worriedly.
'Shh,' said Sherlock close to John's face. He pulled John's forehead into his neck in an embrace. 'John? Will you let me?' Sherlock used one hand to draw a path from John's shoulder to his chest and belly and finally to his inner thigh.
A tongue and then lips, then
John screamed, and Lestrade practically vibrated his hips. He kept his thrusts very short, and John could feel the base of Greg’s penis swelling and pulling with every movement of Lestrade’s hips. He tried to ignore the light slap of testicles against his buttocks.
There was a lot of moaning, and John didn’t realize that it was him until Lestrade shushed him, and he heard Sherlock say, ‘John, let go, you’re going to hurt him.’
‘It’s a little late for that now. Just get him undressed. Take your pants off while you’re at it.’
John's body was relaxed enough that his sphincter put up little resistance as the widest part of the plug exited easily. John still winced at the feeling of the warm silicon passing out of him. It had started to feel like an extension of his body and he missed it like he missed his watch on his wrist after a shower.
arm arm ached in a way that made him think that a storm was coming. His back was riddled with an epic knot, and his throat burned from the return of his orange chicken. All of his limbs felt sore, which was no surprise, but what did confuse him a little was the puffy feeling in his pelvis. His anus and rectum had taken a bit of abuse since yesterday evening, but John was sure that the feeling of engorged, heavy blood pooling down there was from something else. Where the plug had previously felt awkward and stretched his torn sphincter, it now felt more comforting. Like it was helping him keep control of the pelvic floor muscles. The puffiness of his flesh was wrapped snugly around the tempered length of it inside of him. Finishing the inventory of sensation, John spoke,  'I think I'm feeling a lot better. Do we need to do this right away?'
Sherlock moved his face to John's neck and said through his own emotional break down, 'I don't know how I would handle waiting for you in the waiting room at Bart's. I know that I'd hate you're new alpha,' he joked.
John panted. There was almost an instant improvement in his color and temperature. He slumped in Sherlock’s grasp, and the tension in his arm relaxed against Lestrade’s pressure. ‘ . . . bloody hurts . . . ’ John moaned among a few other grumbles that neither Lestrade nor Sherlock could make out.
Sherlock held him.
Sherlock blinked several times. ‘I, ah. I don’t think that I . . .’
‘Fucking hurts!!!’ John moaned.
Sherlock finally knelt with his long white limbs surrounding John. ‘Should – should we wake him first?’
The soft noises of John eating had stopped. Greg turned and saw that the man was a shade paler. he also noticed that John had tried to hide the tremor in his hands by putting them under the table.
'I,' Sherlock's voice shook. 'I don't want you to leave me. I don't wan you sick. I don't want you mad at me for what we've done. How can you ever forgive what we've done?'
‘God damn it, Greg, he wasn’t ready,’ Sherlock growled behind John.
John sighed as Sherlock was able to drill his finger millimeters deeper.
John took Greg's offered hand and allowed Greg to take some of his weight on the walk back to Sherlock's room. Sherlock met them at the threshold and helped John to lay in the middle of the bed. The sheets smelled a bit less like sweat and a bit more like the Thames. He closed his eyes and willed the ill feelings away. His head cleared and his stomach settled after a few brief moments.
Sherlock thrust his hips minutely and he moved smoothly through John’s slick orifice.
Sherlock's attempt at levity reassured them all, and John pulled away from their embrace with a tearful but smiling face.
As Lestrade made three cups of strong brew sans milk and sugar, he told Sherlock, ‘You’ve got very good alpha instincts. You’re attentive and protective. All apt traits, but John needs us to keep our distance. You’ve got to remember that we aren’t trying to get him to make a permanent bond. He’s going to be fairly clear between cycles. You on the other hand seem distracted. Are you with me, Sher?’
Sherlock finalized his oral evaluation with another possessive bite on John’s neck. He continued to suck at it as his hands gripped firmly at John’s belly.
‘Alright, John. Sherlock and I have discussed this, and you have a choice in your treatment. We can take you somewhere where they can care for you.’
Lestrade took the empty glass from John and set it on the table next to the lamp. He felt John’s forehead with his inner wrist. ‘John, do you think you can stay siting up?’
Sherlock was next to him in a second and took the majority of John’s weight.
Lestrade reached for one of John’s men’s health magazines next to the toilet. ‘Yeah. Not how I thought I’d spend my weekend either.’
He took one final breath and tucked the package under his arm before returning inside Sherlock’s fortress. He returned each lock and latch and pounced up the stairs to the sitting room. John’s spicy, musky scent was heavier up there, and Lestrade smiled as he also detected the obvious scent of John’s satisfaction.
‘John does not have an alpha.’
‘John? John? I need you to look up at me,’ urged Lestrade.
Sherlock moved down between John’s legs and clutched his member with trembling hands.
Greg had been trying to keep his distance since he’d assisted Sherlock’s successful knotting.  He stood at a distance from Sherlock’s bed and had allowed the coupling to continue naturally without any more of his ‘God damned interference’ as Sherlock had phrased it while John was passed out beneath him.
to be taken again.
John was sobbing and screaming as loud as his diminished voice could.
Leaning forward, Lestrade put his hands on the desk and rested his weight. ‘Are you asking me what I think you are?’
Sherlock started a light, rhythmic pressure, and John instinctively squeezed his sphincter and second channel around the digit. Sherlock attempted to sooth John by rubbing his free hand up and down John's lower leg.
‘I am powerless now to prevent his heat, but I can control if he bonds.’
John felt wet and sticky all over, and he could feel Sherlock’s said (copious) fluids slowly sliding between his ass checks to the pillow. It was damned unnatural to produce so much semen, and he considered it yet more evidence that he was in surrounds that were
Sherlock moaned again. After this third orgasm, his member began to loosen its hold inside John’s body. He also reached to touch John’s cheek. ‘John, are you alright? I know that it hurt.’
‘Stop it, John! You’re knotted together. You have to wait for the swelling to go down before – No! Hold still, John!’ tried Lestrade again. ‘I know this is uncomfortable, but you need to be still.’ Lestrade gathered John’s wrists again, and he finally stopped thrashing.
God, Sherlock was so hard inside of him. All of the blood vessels inside of John’s pelvis seemed to swell. He was quickly losing any sensations of pain as adrenaline and endorphins coursed through his frantic nervous system. He grew a sympathetic erection; rather he convinced himself that his hardening penis was due to the stimulation rather than bloody arousal. He moaned. His heart beat pounded into every inch of his fevered flesh, and Sherlock thrust with the pacing of the second hand on the wall of Sherlock’s bedroom. ‘Please’
John frantically cried into the towel and instinctively clenched his anus around the member in an effort to stop the movement and pull at his flesh. Overwhelming claustrophobia set John into a panic.
What John could process of what Greg was saying, he considered the request but screamed around the towel again in earnest. He was however thankful to have something to bite down on, but he had to slow his breathing as he now had to inhale through only his nose. He cried into the towel and squeezed Sherlock's hand and shoulder.
he lamented. His endurance was not what it once was.
‘Be still, John!’ Lestrade urged.
‘Here, let’s sit down,’ Lestrade offered a hand to help John back to the couch.
A hand was pressing at his hip bone, and a hot mouth was huffing erratic breaths against his neck.
Sherlock stood, gave John a final hard study, and exited his bedroom for the shower.
John woke to an unnatural and unsettling feeling of something against his abdomen. He finally opened his eyes and found Greg pressed against him.
Lestrade stopped abruptly, and John thought that he had climaxed, so he surprised John when he reached under John’s legs and positioned them onto his shoulders. He pressed back in and folded John in half as he pushed deeper than before, deeper than John thought Lestrade was long. If he wasn’t careful, he might puncture John’s lung. It was the least comfortable of all the positions for John, and the ligaments and muscles in his legs and hips were pushed to their limits.
Sherlock kept his hold on John’s member, but he did not dare to do anything more than keep it firmly in his large hand. He could readily sense John relaxing and easing evermore onto his member.  He squeezed John’s shoulder with his left hand. ‘Ah, ah, I’m, I think I’m knotting.’ He swallowed dryly and tucked his face into the back of John.
Lestrade sighed and lifted his head. He spit into his palm and applied it to John’s rear.
Lestrade wiped at the tears on his check and kissed and nipped at his jaw and ear. He held John tight and came again a few minutes later.
‘You’re making this harder on John. You need to move already!’
Lestrade reached out and felt John’s skin on his arm and cheek. ‘What is Sherlock saying that isn’t making sense?’ He crouched to level his face with John’s.
John was also frustrated that the member inside of him was missing the possible pleasure zones. He cried out and tried to push his way into a more comfortable position on the inflated penis. The teeth on the back of his neck let go and sent another shock of pain through him as the pressure on the nerves there was released. He screamed.
‘Right. I’ll follow your lead. Whatever you say, as long as it is what is best for John,’ Sherlock agreed.
Sherlock pressed his lips just behind John’s ear. His skin was cool against John’s feverish neck.
‘Ow!’ John and Sherlock exclaimed at once.
John waved Greg's response away. 'No, of course. The bed will be fine. Uh, I just need to get my head on a pillow.'
They walked back to John’s side. John was near tears, and Lestrade kneeled in front of him again.
'Sherlock, can you get me the mouthwash?' asked John.
As long as there was a little movement from Greg pushing or pulling away, John's anus only panged with a dull but tolerable ache. He might have imagined the sensation of fluid flowing into his channel before, but this time he <i>definitely</i> felt an unsettling cramp as if liquid was pouring deep into his rectum. Involuntarily he clenched deep internal muscles around Greg's member.
John whimpered, ‘Greg? Wait, don’t go.’ He rolled onto his stomach and attempted to slide off of the bed.
Greg was saying something, but John really didn’t give a shit. He was focusing on Sherlock’s heart beating against his spine. As Sherlock exhaled, John breathed it into his mouth and tried to taste hours old scent of the cup of black tea that was the last thing Sherlock had to drink or eat.
John shook his hand out of Sherlock's and dropped his head to the pillow. John had dried to distance himself from his body. He had tried to ignore the sensations of both of his friends touching his anus and genitalia. he had tried to push away the feeling aroused as both men performed anal sex on him. Try as he might, he was too concerned and confused now to not think how this body housed a functioning vagina and hymen. He panted and nodded. 'Do it. Get it over with, Greg.' He turned to Sherlock. 'Don't you dare bite me. Not unless I say so.'
Both Sherlock and Lestrade helped John to stand on weak legs and hobble to his bed.
'Oh, oh my,' he was finally able to articulate. His diaphragm worked large lung-fulls of air into his body. He instinctively reached for his member and testicles and confirmed for himself that he had not ejaculated. He tried to frown in confusion, but his body was too relaxed to maintain the expression.
John’s pleads pulled at Greg’s heart, but he could not allow himself to bond with John. He knew from a lifetime of experience that John was feeling desperate to cement their blooming bond, but Greg could not allow it no matter how perfect John’s scent seemed, not if he wanted to respect John’s free will.
John forced himself to relax on the bed and took several deep breaths to prepare. He tugged his shirt down with both hands and nodded. 'I'm ready. Do it.' He felt two of Lestrade's fingers gently push in and out several times as if to prepare John for the final push. Then he left the determined push. The tissue stretched painfully against the pressure from Greg's fingers, and John winced. A final sting and tearing told him that Greg was successful, but the fingers kept pushing and stretching. John groaned until Greg patted his knee and removed his fingers. The newly discovered area inside of John throbbed with every beat of his heart, and he felt wetness leak down his cleft.
The sensitivity of his body quickly returned to arousal and he reached for the form above him and opened his eyes.
Greg smiled at Sherlock's attempt at humor.
He was left with no medical reference for his symptoms and a friend who insisted he tell him who his alpha was. The irony was that he could be the first known man to traverse dimensions only to jump into the body of a biologically sexual submissive version of Dr. John Watson.
Greg continued, ‘You’ve begun to bond with me. That’s supposed to happen. That’s what we want, but you have to help us start that process with Sherlock too. We are trying to help you keep from bonding to an individual. That means you have to start that connection with Sherlock too. When your heat breaks, you won’t be imprinted to either of us if you can just help us.’
Greg returned to the table with wet spoons and knives. He noticed that John's hands had a slight tremor as he used his chop sticks to shovel a nugget of orange chicken to his mouth.
Sherlock sighed heavily. 'John, if you need m - '
Lestrade hurried to catch up. ‘No, no.’
at John.
Greg swallowed and continued, 'What I am saying is that you're in a good place now. What Sherlock needs to do is distance himself from you. Your drive, John, is extremely powerful for an omega. This is not the usual. I suspect that you've been on replacement hormones and suppressants for many years. That's been known to ramp up the eventual condition that you're going through now. As long as I've been on the force, I've only seen his a handful of times.'
John lay on the floor, hurt, confused and frustrated. And naked . . . and wet. He rolled onto his stomach and pushed on his arms to get up. His arms gave out, and he fell back onto the floor.
Sherlock froze. ‘I thought you would go first.’
Sherlock seemed to accept Greg's argument and pulled the sheet back and laid next to John's right side. The queen sized mattress was a tight fit for the three men, but as the two leaned into John's body, the intimacy was quite comfortable. John's breathing lulled both of them into a quiet and relaxed state until the three were asleep.
‘Yes?’ he panted.
Greg wrapped his left hand around John's waist and pulled himself closer to John's body. 'Just breathe, John, Breathe.' Greg sounded out of breath himself. 'God, I'm sorry. John pulled at John's hip to minutely press deeper over and over in the shortest possible thrust allowed by his overly swollen knot inside of John.
Sherlock nodded at Lestrade’s words, but his arms shook under his weight. He looked down John’s white chest and the valleys of lightly colored hair. Slowly he moved his hand down past Lestrade’s line of vision down to the source of John’s scent. His fingers made slick, wet noises as they explored the place where both men would eventually take John.
‘He’s accepted you. He’s been receptive.’
The water was too cool, so John stood and took the offered towel. His legs were still weak, but they held.
'Promise me that you won't put yourself at further risk. That you'll listen to Greg?'
‘I think going to a clinic or hospital is the least appealing option for you. Sherlock and I
John instinctively recoiled and pulled his hips back. Lestrade and Sherlock both squeezed his legs respectively to prevent further movement. He still groaned as Sherlock penetrated his lax hole and pried his hole open further. His right hand grasped at the bedding again.
‘Are you all the way in? Shit! Shit! John, get on him, now!’ ordered Greg. He pushed at John’s hips.
Lestrade wiped sweat from his brow with his wrist and nodded. ‘Good. That’s excellent. We’re getting somewhere then.’
Sherlock held him upright and he bit John hard enough to bruise the muscle.
And tingling. He’d never had anal sex before. He wasn’t against it, but it had never come up before. In fact when he’d first met Sherlock, he was fairly certain that Sherlock was interested in him. He had tried to give Sherlock the in; let him know that he was available. He was back from the war, and up for anything.
Noticing this, Lestrade pulled out a chair and used his physical prowess to intimidate Sherlock to sit next to John. Greg realized that Sherlock was far enough gone that he only listened to physical commands if not verbal ones, even if they had come from John.
‘I see. And what does this have to do – ‘
John panted and seemed to give up the fight. Sherlock stiffened above him again and grunted. John raised his eyebrows as he realized that Sherlock had just ejaculated for a second time. ‘Oh God, that just happened. Lestrade!’ he hollered loud enough to be heard in the next room.
‘We’re going to the lav, Sherlock, no need to panic,’ explained Lestrade.
John's words set Sherlock into a panic, and he held John as best he could and looked down at where his friends were tied together. Their bodies were flush skin to skin. Both of their hips were splotchy red from finger-nail marks and high blood pressure. John however did have a smear of dried blood running from near his anus to his left hip bone. Sherlock briefly considered the blood to have appeared after John's hymen was breached, but in the frantic moment, he feared for the worst. His instincts went into over-drive, and he leaned over his friend to sink his teeth into John's neck in a therapeutic domination of the inexperienced omega.
He watched as Sherlock leaned down and poked his head between his legs. ‘God, give it a rest! Please don’t,’ he pleaded, but Sherlock did not touch him again. He simply kept his head down between his legs.
He didn’t answer Lestrade but he did push the bar of soap down between his legs to wash away the slickness. The tissue was sore and puffy.
Keening and moaning from the other room stopped Lestrade from rummaging further through Mycroft’s box of party favors. He took the yellow plug and went back to Sherlock’s bedroom.
Greg caught John’s hands and pinned them gently on John’s belly.
Sherlock struggled to find the proper site at John’s neck to keep biting through his orgasm.
‘Fine, but you should know that he’ll be more likely to bond with one of us. The more people, the less likely that will happen. It would be safer with one more person. Maybe your brother could – ’
'Talk to us, John, how are you feeling?' asked Lestrade.
Frustrated at the arousal he was experiencing at a cock that was not Greg’s, John moaned, ‘Fuck me.’ Once he said it, John instantly heard it as the invitation that Sherlock must have interpreted it as.
Wiping at his face, John shook his head. ‘What for? That doesn’t make any sense.’
‘With sugar and milk. That’s why you’re always mad that there’s no milk.’ Sherlock left his bedroom in a flurry to look for his long coat. ‘I need my phone!’ he shouted.
John worked on clearing his mind and slowing his breathing. Getting up and moving had felt like a balm on his taught and overly tasked muscles. It had also made him aware of how sore he was. His neck muscles were tight. The
Swiftly John was pulled up into Lestrade’s arms as he held him. John knew he was small, but this was undignified. He tried to protest and push against Lestrade, but he ended up just holding his neck. He heard the water splashing as Sherlock filled the bathtub.
Despite the detective inspector’s urging, Holmes continued to stare down at John’s sprawled form on the bed.
John stopped screaming and started to growl. Grasping and squeezing his friends' hands he writhed as much as he could in their hold. The pain was too intense for him. and not only did his skin burn and ache, but his bones and joints felt like a thousand needles were jabbing through him. Both Sherlock and Greg had strong, sharp bites tearing deeply into his neck muscles, and any promised pain-relief they had said that this would offer was only to serve as a distraction to the searing pain in his rectum. The intense growing pressure tested the limits of his innards to the point that he was sure that he was torn if not about to tear. The base of the knot pressed against his internal vaginal opening and left John in a state of near pleasure through all of the pain.
Sherlock stared at John for a moment longer before turning. He paused and said, ‘You are the closest friend I’ve ever had. I don’t like seeing you suffer. You may not wish to continue our relationship after this, but at least I’ll know that you are safe.’ He left the bathroom door open when he left.
‘Shh, it’ll be fine. Come on now, it gets easier every time, I promise,’ said Lestrade. He moved his face to the other side of John’s neck where he had not been bitten. Lestrade dragged his fingers down John’s body to his back and then down his ass. He breathed on John’s neck and pressed his fingers down the cleft.
John was laying supine, as much as he could with Sherlock between his legs, and was digging his head and face into the sheets and moaning, ‘Let it be. It hurts!’
'When you woke in the middle of the night, you were very interested in removing my briefs,' reminded Lestrade.
The doctor however made no motion to hold him. Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek, trying to stop himself from fidgeting.
Choose 1) with the high risk of being aroused when John came back
“John,” Sherlock protests unimpressed, though a high flush on his cheekbones betrays him and John can’t help but smile like a Cheshire cat.
+++++++++
Just for demonstration, John raised an arm to get a whiff of his armpit.
Distracted, he gave Sherlock a shake, mouth starting to water as the implication of ‘the procedure’ dawned on him, the thought of giving a hand-job right here; admittedly this was not what John had quite in mind, but who was he to talk? The quicker he got off Sherlock, the sooner he could tug himself off.
"Alright?"
He decidedly darted his eyes away.
Coming right there, inside his pants.
between those lean thighs.
A frown shifted his face as he contemplated Sherlock’s words again. It was the ‘
, is he supposed to refuse? When it's been months and months where John has wanted nothing but Sherlock. It's only ever
Sherlock stilled his movements for a moment and blinked
Because really, they haven’t done any sort of cuddling so far – well, apart from the occasional nuzzling. John just really longed to do that with the person he loved most. Sure he could see that it might be bit tricky with Sherlock’s gypsum but he was positive they could make it work regardless.
Turning on the water tap, he furiously cleaned one of the dirty plates. It was awful what position John had put himself in, if only he had known how much he’d regret this. He barely could remember how all of this had started in the first place. But it all came down to this stupid case, if Sherlock only had listened to him then they wouldn’t have to deal with this whole trouble that those broken arms brought into 221b.
–  n o t h I n g, not one bit  stuck out. It fitted. Just right. There in his hand. And John felt strangely,
. John felt his cock press against the zipper of his pants as Sherlock shuffled on his feet.
Holmes slammed his eyes shut, looking flustered. "My dear, Holmes, I promise it's perfectly alright. Shall I continue the examination? How are your bollocks feeling?"
, he told himself firmly as he forced himself to stay in the bed. Talk. John had promised himself that he would try to do this more. It was not as if he didn’t want to – god did he want to talk -  it was just that he wasn’t sure what it’d do good for them. For Sherlock and him. Because usually they didn’t do this. But John desperately wanted this to work; he couldn’t stand the thought of causing even more misunderstandings between them.
The detective blinked twice, when he noticed that John had changed his trousers. Why did he change his trousers? There wasn't any reason to do so.
"Now, now, Holmes. You mustn't be so eager. I don't want your little prick to become over excited; it wouldn't do to exhaust it even further...", Watson trailed of, lovingly poking the glans and eagerly watching as the tapered foreskin retracted even more. Holmes panted as he desperately sought out his touch with a thrust of his hips.
“Everything. The press of your touch, the movement of your fingertips, it’s all essential information to how you touch your own penis.”
Sherlock groaned, “
"Ngh, John! Must your hand be so cold," Sherlock complained, jerking away slightly when John curled his hand around his length. Feeling it twitch and shrivel in his hand, John muttered a half hearted sorry when Sherlock let out a grunt.
“Shoes are in the kitchen,” Sherlock sputtered then, almost stumbling out the room without further word.
I see, the doctor must have had enough of your whims then.
’ part that especially was giving him a headache. In no way could Sherlock mean what John initially had interpreted for it to mean. Surely, it was all just a misunderstanding. It couldn’t be anything else, right?
Tentatively leaning down, John rests his arms on both of Sherlock's knees, gingerly undoing the single top button of the trousers, heart hammering alongside. John wants to do so much more, he wants to trail his hands alongside Sherlock's side, wants to caress and feel the warm skin, wants to gaze into those brilliant eyes as he opens those trousers. But he knows better. Surely Sherlock must have deduced his excitement by now, if not for his loud heartbeat, then for the clumsy movement of his hands. Licking his lips, he pulls down the zip.
His prick is hot and plumping and – god. John’s dizzy mind halts, processing what he sees.
Not seeing the frown on Sherlock’s face, John kept his eyes down on the floor, avoiding at having to glance up at the nude form of the detective. Grateful for the abrupt silence, John did his best to pull up Sherlock’s pants, feeling ridiculously proud for managing to do so without looking once at what exactly he was covering up. Truly, he deserved a medal.
'Of course.'
‘You tired?’ asked Lestrade.
The kitchen light was bright, and Sherlock squinted to see John and Lestrade chattering away over bags and containers of Chinese take out.
‘John, no sit up. Get up, John,’ instructed Lestrade. Greg looked to Sherlock and gestured that Sherlock should get back into the bed.
John frowned at the squeeze of pain Sherlock’s teeth caused, but his hips drew back towards Sherlock seemingly of their own volition. He squeezed both Sherlock’s and Lestrade’s hands. He moaned and realized that Lestrade was saying something again.
‘John, stop. He’ll be back. Please stay put.’ Sherlock placed the blanket between himself and John as a barrier.
With repeated encouragement Sherlock finally downed the bottle’s contents in three large swallows.  Greg handed Sherlock John’s cuppa and the protein shake and led him back to his bedroom. He knocked on the door to give John the opportunity to refuse their entrance. ‘We’ve brought tea,’ he added to the request for John’s response.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Zeta_toy_MMB_01.jpg
Lestrade gathered John’s hands again just to be sure.
Sherlock winced. ‘I know. Sorry.’
‘You have to help me, please! Sherlock’s gone mad, and he won’t let me out. He’s not making any sense, please, Lestrade.’ As Lestrade and Sherlock took John in their arms and led him back to the living room, Lestrade could see how the heat had taken its toll. John was drenched in sweat, he was barely able to support his own weight as he walked, and his breathing was rapid and irregular. They helped him to sit on the couch, and he continued his begging to Lestrade. ‘I’ve been sick, and Sherlock has me locked up. I’m so hot, and he nailed the windows shut! You have to talk some sense into him. Help me get out of here.’
John very much did not like the idea of being with Sherlock. He was boney, he didn’t smell right, he was too tall, his hair was wrong, his voice was wrong. He wanted Greg. Broad shouldered, larger than life, silver-haired Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade. He ached to have Greg between his legs again, and Sherlock kept touching him with that cold, wet cloth,
Hands positioned John’s hips, and the firm rod of flesh pressed against John’s opening.  It remained there, as though hesitant, and John bent forward against Greg submissively. The motionless press of Sherlock’s member against his hole was maddening.
Sherlock reposition himself above John and propped himself up on his elbows. ‘John, I think I can move now, but you need to stay still. Just let me pull out.’
Suddenly self-conscious at the intense, studying gaze of his flat-mate, Watson pulled a sheet over his hips in an attempt to hide his genitals. ‘Be nice to get clean.’
John was sitting up and appeared to move forward under his own strength. ‘Sherlock, I never thought I’d have to ask you to help me make it to the toilet.’
‘Are you at least feeling better? Are you okay with Sherlock and I helping?’ Lestrade circled the bed and pulled each sheet corner from the mattress in anticipation of Sherlock’s return with fresh linens.
Wanked his little
"John!"
"Joh-hn! John, undress me this instant!“
. Bloody brilliant, they were even now.
John saw that the detective was anything but happy to see him approaching with one glass of water in one hand and one cup of tea in his other. He turned his head away in childish refusal. John pursed his lips, "Sherlock, drink. Your body needs water to stay healthy. You need to drink."
“Kiss,” John simply murmured as he pulled the detective down to meet him in what he meant to be a tender and soft kiss.
Sherlock shifted in his chair as his cock treacherously jerked again beneath his pajamas, tip starting to poke out of the buttoned fly gap as John spoke. Flustered, Sherlock hastily crossed his legs, squeezing himself between his thighs as he tried to adjust his penis.
John definitely should slow down a bit.
John crossed his arms, and waited until the people were out, before he faced Sherlock. His good mood gone.
Sherlock’s prick stirs in his fist.
“J-John,” Sherlock stuttered suddenly, “Don’t squeeze yet. I’m not,” he drew a sudden breath, cock stirring as he gasped out distressed, “finished yet.”
The glass was pressed against Sherlock's lips. The detective decided to be clever about it and took a little sip, before leaning away once more.
Facing himself in the mirror, John really shouldn’t have been surprised with Mrs.Hudsons’s reaction at his appearance. He did look terrible, dark circles were plastered under his eyes, appearing as though he hadn’t slept for days. He had no idea how Sherlock managed to never have them, especially since he never slept a bloody wink. Nothing made sense when it came to the detective.
John was staring with unabashed want at the sturdy length that was thickening in his hand, twitching and still spurting out a flow of piss. He blinked a couple times before he realised that Sherlock was indeed growing hard and it dawned on John what he had said.
"You want the temperature warm, yeah?"
Even drunk, he was a true soldier.
. John’s hand stilled its cradling, making Sherlock draw a shuddering breath.
“John, you’re not drunk enough to sleep through this. My penis is cold and my shirt is soaked in urine. I’d appreciate if you –“
Watson didn't comment on it, but he was glad to note that the man's privates were still intact enough to achieve an erection. In a way, this knowledge almost calmed him down.
“Hmph,” Sherlock mulled, leaning into the touch. “John, I want a case.”
John suddenly halted.
“John. I’m not having a cold shower,” he stated, affronted, eyes following the shower head in John’s hand.
“John,” Sherlock suddenly warned.
“John,” Sherlock rasped, “John.” It was almost too much, Sherlock’s knees were buckling – his legs were starting to give out and Sherlock was so incoherent voicing out a warning, he all but let out a desperate breath.
Bloody hell.
Gradually coming down from his high, John opened his eyes, meeting a pair of brilliant eyes.
It simply was not meant to be.
The detective had a lovely prick between his legs, with a heavy sac hanging below, and Watson had been endeared by it since the first time he had seen it.
day after all. He had thought today was one of those days of just them together. Them and no one else.
And whatever John currently was reading, it seemed to rather aggravate him.
Cock.
And John could only stare at him in wonder.
Blinking, Sherlock’s hooded eyes looked down at his swollen penis, seeing it twitch when John removed his hand from it. “Hardly. But that is of little concern now.”
“I,-“the detective starts, stopping at once, voice sounding oddly off for some reason. Frowning, John squeezes his hand reassuring, wondering what this is all about. Something isn’t right.
It was after all John’s fault, Sherlock sported a boner.
John collected them all with the towel, struggling to keep his longing under some wrath. He just wanted to lean in and kiss Sherlock’s placid skin, lean in and kiss every single inch of it with his lips while whispering endearments to that gorgeous man.
Adding to that, John had a keen appreciation for Sherlock’s penis.
Holmes hissed out loud, hips jerking only once as if desperately trying to hold himself back. It was a most satisfying sight to see the exposed bollocks tighten beneath, and Watson couldn't with strain himself any longer but to finally kiss the flushed cockhead.
‘What’s – what are you?’ Sherlock dropped his mobile to the bedroom floor with a clatter and rushed to John’s side. He was back in time to witness Lestrade removing the phallus that was holding his release inside of his mate.
John turned away and pinched the bridge of his nose. 'I want to apologize to you both. I honestly don't know exactly what's going on, but his was within my power to prevent.'
Sherlock had made a pallet of sheets and pillows on the floor. There was only one reason Sherlock would put out bedding.
‘In this case, that is the only treatment. Sherlock has you locked up because if he were to let you out onto the street, any and every alpha would fight for you and take you. I’ve seen what happens when an omega is taken in a mating frenzy like that. They usually end up traumatized with perforated organs, or dead if they are lucky.’
Lestrade sighed, stood and led Sherlock back to the stairs. In a hushed voice, Lestrade asked, ‘Do you think there is anything to Fielding’s machine? Where there any other victims who acted like this?’
‘Alright, alright,’ relented Lestrade. ‘It won’t hurt him to bathe.’
Sherlock avoided Lestrade’s gaze. ‘That is why I asked you here. I never expected to mate with an omega. I’m a beta, so the contingency plan never crossed my mind. It would have been superfluous. Lestrade, I need you to help me with this. To help John.’
Finally John nodded, and Lestrade slowly pulled out to thrust back in to John's expressed limit.
‘Just another moment. We’re going to help you go lay down in the bed in just a few,’ assured Lestrade.
Sherlock remained knotted inside John even after a quarter of an hour by the clock in Sherlock’s bedroom. John was the calmest Lestrade had seen him since his heat, bugger that; this was the calmest he’d ever seen the ex-military man.
‘I don’t trust anyone else, and you have experience with heats. You can help me keep him from bonding. Please, Lestrade, I’ve never asked you for a personal favor before.’ Sherlock gave him a desperate look. There was no mask of ego, not the usual smug self-satisfaction on his face.
Greg put a hand on John's shoulder 'Not necessarily. The meds have been known to fail some after many years of use. I'm must glad that we could help, and that it happened when I could take break form work,' he chuckled as he tried to lighten the mood.
John mewled and quickly felt the ache and burn of his fevered skin become replaced with a glowing hum of over-sensitized contentment. The wet bed linens beneath him, Sherlock’s sweat slicked skin behind him, and the nipping teeth at his neck felt no less than divine.
Sherlock had found a towel and had it wrapped around his waist. He turned up the temperature only slightly at the sign of John’s discomfort. Both men left John to soak and stepped out of the bathroom.
Dry hands pulled awkwardly at John’s member. He gasped and continued to try and push away the arms holding him into place. He was nearly falling onto Sherlock, and Greg kept pushing.
Watson gasped and squeezed at Lestrade’s middle. He remained quiet, but Lestrade knew that John was trying hard to be brave and stay quiet at his request. ‘You’re doing great. You’re fine, you’re fine.’
Any muscle control John was able to muster disappeared as both men gripped him. He growled into Greg’s shoulder and he started to pant. He lost control of his legs and wobbled.
John whined into the towel as he felt Greg push and twitch inside of him. When Greg moaned and grunted loudly through his orgasm, John squeezed his eyes shut through burning tears. He couldn't help but feel like a vehicle for another man's pleasure.
‘Christ, is he alright?’ Sherlock sounded exceedingly worried.
Lestrade and Sherlock shared a look. Biting during mating was commonly understood to be a biological imperative. It released endorphins, stimulated ovulation, and triggered the omega into a submissive and receptive state. Everyone knew that. Entire television networks were dedicated to angsty teenage love where every episode revolved around ‘will they or won’t they bite?’
‘Ow, John, no, no, don’t. Don’t squeeze. Be still, relax. Relax, now. Oh, John, easy. I know it hurts, but you have to relax. Ease up now.’ Lestrade panted.
John had a final sob before he could feel the change in his blood. There was a a coolness in his body that he noticed first. With each beat of his heart, the burning of every nerve in his body eased and then changed into a sense of well being. He blinked and looked up at Sherlock's face. His vision was splotchy and twinged with green. The face before him was a blur of pink skin and brown curls. His breathing calmed. 'Sherlock?'
Sherlock’s deep inhale pulled at the tiny hairs of John’s neck.  He shuddered and nearly collapsed into Sherlock.
‘I came,’ John interrupted. His hands flew to his face and covered his indignity.
‘Ow!’ John exclaimed. He squeezed Lestrade’s hands.
Lestrade released his hold on John’s arms. ‘Sherlock?’ asked Lestrade as if he knew there was more Sherlock was not saying.
Then the fingers went inside. John squeezed and pushed at Lestrade’s shoulder, and Sherlock put a hand on his head. Tears that John wasn’t aware were in his eyes fell down his cheeks. His face scrunched but he took several deep breathes and calmed himself.
As Sherlock continued his shower, Lestrade tided the room as best he could. He took what linens he could and tossed them down the stairs. With a text message Mrs. Hudson would keep fresh bedding ready. He cracked the window in Sherlock's room with the hopes that fresh, cool air would do them all better. This was the first time that Greg realized the time. The sun was low in the sky. He checked his watch to confirm that it was after 3 pm. This allowed him to acknowledge how tired he'd felt. He yawned and stretched. He grabbed the previously discarded down comforter and laid himself next to John's left side.
‘You need to rest,’ replied Sherlock.
‘Not at all. You’ve already proven that you cannot keep a bond with an omega.’ He pushed the door open finally.
Nevertheless, Lestrade’s free hand roamed up John’s thigh to his backside.
He could not keep his knees from buckling so he held onto Lestrade and Sherlock. John could immediately feel the fluid stream down his inner thigh as they walked him toward his room. ‘No, no,’ he shook his head. ‘No, I need a shower.’
Greg’s pushing did little but upset John’s balance again. He could feel that Sherlock was regaining some rigidity, but he was in as far as their bodies would allow.
‘He needs water. I’ll be back,’ Greg said and stood from the bed as well. He disappeared out of the room, and John was left naked and alone on the bed.
'Wait! Please, please! Don't knot me,' John sobbed.
It hurt, so John grabbed Greg’s hand to slow him down. He held the other arm that kept pushing him onto Sherlock.
No longer gently exploring with his hand, Sherlock gathered one of John’s thighs to his hip and held him firmly.
When John had bought the magazine, the feature article across David Beckem’s chest was ‘The new non-treatment for prostate cancer’. Now the article read, ‘The ten best ways to induce your omega’s heat’. Someone had gone to an inordinate effort to change the papers. The news. The television. His friends. Him.
John closed his eyes and tucked his hands under his chin. He sighed as Sherlock’s hand roamed down his side and up across his stomach and his chest.
‘John, we are far from over, and Sherlock is still growing. His knot will continue to swell a bit bigger each time until he has reached his full potential. I promise you’ll feel better for it in the end.’
He found Sherlock still wrapped around John, but his fingers were pressed deeply inside John.
‘He’d have no choice. He’d be bonded for life.’
'Why did you leave him?' asked Sherlock to Lestrade. His cracked voice betrayed a nervous shiver.
Greg gathered John’s equally fledgling member.
John’s head swirled at Greg’s show of dominance, and he arched his back.
John did start to cry and he buried his face in his hands.
‘Sherlock, come on. Take him. You need to move, Sherlock,’ commanded Greg.
‘Just give it more time, Sherlock. You’ll only make him hurt,’ reasoned Lestrade.
Sherlock blinked and nodded. ‘Understandable. But then Lestrade needs to watch you.’
‘John, we’re going to try and make this as easy as possible,’ assured Lestrade.
‘Have you ever mated, Sherlock?’ It was an extremely personal question, and Lestrade would never have asked it except in this very circumstance.
'Shh, let him sleep.' Greg sat down on the bed with Sherlock and tried to interrupt Sherlock's direct view of John's sleeping form under a thin white sheet. 'I'm asking you to take this opportunity to take care of yourself in order to help John again. Get in the shower now, and then you need to lay down with John.'
‘Sherlock,’ Lestrade urged.
Blessedly John was able to keep down two cups of fortified tea with his usual cream and double sugars as well as three-quarters of a chocolate protein drink from Mycroft's supplies. He remained calm in Sherlock's bed until closing his eyes. His breathing settled until he was obviously deeply asleep.
John wiped his face with his wet hands and leaned back into the water. ‘This is all so wrong.’
John grasped and squeezed at the hand holding his and moaned, 'Please, I'm on fire!'
The scent of fresh blood and John's heat tainted the clear air coming from the open window.
Greg grabbed the tea towel from the counter next to the sink and ran it under cold water. 'Here,' he said and held the cool, wet cloth to John's forehead. 'You've eaten too much too fast. Tell me if you might throw up. Sherlock, grab the waste basket. I'm sorry, John, it's my fault. Chinese was probably a bad idea.'
John handed the mouthwash back to John as if to dismiss him as Greg was attempting.
Sherlock grabbed John's hand. 'I'm here. I can bite your through it, so you won't be in that much pain.'
Lestrade smelled like faded aftershave and a long day in an office building. Printer toner, pencil shavings and a nostalgic trace of gun oil.
Then John had started to feel the urges. He felt closer to Sherlock than anyone and had considered propositioning Sherlock again. But Sherlock bungled that when he asked about John’s alpha, life-partner, thing. John didn’t want to have sex with anyone else right now. Except maybe the queen. Why was that?
‘Correct on all counts, but for some reason he has not taken any of his medication for four weeks. When I saw the signs, I confronted him.’
Sherlock and Lestrade hurried up the stairs as John looked close to losing his balance and falling down the flight of stairs.
‘Lestrade said – ’
John sighed and took several restorative breaths.
Greg kneeled back onto the bed in front of John.
Sherlock was suddenly at his side too, and they both ushered him onto the pallet.
physical human relationship.
John immediately groaned and tried to roll to his side. He was caught by Lestrade’s hold on his hands, and his legs tangled around Sherlock. ‘Bloody hell,’ he sighed.
After cleaning himself, Sherlock pulled at John’s ankles to straighten him on the floor again.
John was first aware of his struggle to draw a deep breath with his diaphragm pushing deeply into his gut. This also made him aware of the pressure at his lower gut.
‘Sherlock, it’s fine,’ John assured him. He held his tea precariously as he tried to keep Sherlock’s manic movements from spilling the cup’s hot contents.
'But if you're progressing as I hope, we can move onto the more, um, fun parts of  your heat. Do you remember how you were feeling last night?' Greg continued.
‘Stop, stop, stop! No, leave it, stop, please, just don’t!’ John protested with an utterly hoarse voice.
Finally, Greg's breathing changed. 'Fuck!' he sighed. 'Yes! Okay, John. Here you are.' He stiffened after a hard final push.
‘John, your heat is trying to compensate for years of suppressant use. Your body is dangerously flooded with hormones. You’ve
Sherlock pushed his thin pajama pants down and stood naked before John.
They had both left it at that until this week.
‘He’s fine. You’re fine John,’ said Sherlock, quickly.
Greg lifted John’s face. ‘You’re alright, you’re fine.’
Conversely Sherlock paced and fretted. Lestrade had never felt more the irritated nurse maid than following after Sherlock's wondering and trying to maintain his personal care. Sherlock left his tea to cool until it was unpalatable. He practically had to remind Sherlock to chew and swallow his meal bar. Sherlock's attention was obviously focused on John, despite John's final state of relaxed sleep.
As Greg pulled the hem of John's pajamas down his buttocks, over his knees, and off of his ankles, John reflected on his universe where women were only allowed to use hormonal birth control if they were married already. His history lessons on women starving themselves to fight for the right to vote or the movement for equal pay for equal work. He steeled himself as Greg spread his knees.
All plot and no porn in this one. The next one will be the porn. ;D
Lestrade could hear Mycroft’s smile over the phone, and they ended the call. He set the coffee table back on its legs and retrieved his pants. Next to his shirt he spotted a string of keys spilling out of Sherlock’s coat. Apparently Sherlock kept them in a secret compartment inside the lining, and Greg retrieved them before he peaked in on John and Sherlock.
John had a clinging sour scent of panic, pain, anger, and an overwhelming spicy, salty scent of heat. The open window had carried the heaviest part of that scent away, but the more faint scent still lingered. Sherlock's hyper-aware mind had calculated the change in the orientation of John's smell while he was asleep and his own body urgently woke him by dumping adrenaline into his bloodstream. His heart pounded, and sweat dripped down his back. Sherlock sat up. He found the bed empty, confirming what his body and reptile brain had previously calculated. His frontal cortex halted his urge to leave his bedroom and instead directed him to his dresser. He dawned fresh briefs from his dresser and flung open his bedroom door.
He stood, pulled his coat off of the rack that was behind his desk and turned to leave. ‘Jesus Christ! Sherlock, where the bloody hell did you come from?’
John squeezed at the fantastic member inside of him with muscles he hadn't previously realized that he possessed.
He felt Sherlock rub his thumb on his shoulder, and Lestrade hushed him.
Sherlock stiffened and looked away making it obvious that he did not want John to pick that as his option.
John didn't move but breathed rhythmically in his sleep.
‘And now we’re down to his heat, and he has no bond-mate,’ confirmed Lestrade.
There was a rustling sound from above, and then John made his appearance at the top of the stairs. ‘Sherlock, you’re back! Oh, Lestrade, thank God! Lestrade, you have to help!’ John leaned heavily on the wall and rail. ‘Sherlock’s gone mad!’
Sherlock offered John his hand again, and John took it and squeezed all of his agony into the embrace.
Greg opened the door for Sherlock whose hands were otherwise full. John was sitting up in the fresh bed with a clean sheet pulled up to his belly and a wide towel under his bum. He was keeping his weight off his bottom by leaning back on the head of the bed
Seeing Sherlock without clothes was not something he’d really taken into consideration. Too late for thoughts of modesty, Lestrade swallowed and took a position at John’s head.
‘John, you’ve got to get all the way on him, now!’
‘Mmmuhh,’ John growled. ‘Tell him to get off!’
Greg’s low voice lulled John into conformity.
John’s stomach fluttered and his head swirled with dizzying arousal. His ass actively sought Sherlock’s crotch.  It found indistinguishable skin, which retreated from him as soon as he pressed against it.
‘There is plenty for all of us, and you need it just as much as he does.’ Greg watched as Sherlock stared at the drink without any intention of consuming it. ‘Go on, for John. Drink up.’
I notice small errors here and there every time I look at the story, but if anyone has an interest in beta'ing, I'd be grateful for another pair of eyes.
‘Most first couplings never even knot. Successful knotting can take a dozen attempts. John we didn’t have time to work up to anything, and I’m so sorry for that. You will feel so much better when Sherlock releases inside you.’ Lestrade swiped his thumb against the back of John’s hand as he held it. ‘We’re doing this because we care about you. Sherlock is shite for manners, but he is a damned good friend. All you’ve gotta do is relax and encourage his climax.’
‘God, you’re burning up,’ gasped Lestrade.
Lestrade explained, ‘Most betas never do unless they’re with an omega in heat. It’ll be bigger next time.’
Sherlock was breathless as he replied, ‘No, no, he is too tight. He can’t, Greg, please. Don’t, don’t push him.’
‘He has been up for days. He needs to sleep,’ Sherlock said with a frown.
He could feel Sherlock panting behind him too.
'We both are,' Lestrade answered. 'However there are ways to lessen the severity and permanence. The less, well, the more aware you are, John, the better. The less you can appear to be a crying and desperate omega - no that sounds - what I mean to say - '
Sherlock had said.
Sherlock continued, ‘I will exhaust every option I have available before I hand John over to someone else. I assure you, I have more interest in keeping John safe than anyone else.’
‘You want to fuck me again!’ He clutched the towel around his waist.
‘No, no, no,’ John tried to turn and leave, but Lestrade held him firmly.
Any self-restraint John previously possessed was now forgotten. He whined with each thrust and leveraged with his legs to meet Greg. John bit his lip and squeezed his hands at Sherlock and Greg. Greg was hitting every bundle of pleasure nerves, and it was stripping John of every sense but the raw intensity of the ecstasy. Moaning, his had fell back and his lips parted. He wanted to bury his face in someone's neck and press their skin against his lips and nose. He wanted to kiss and suck and pinch flesh between his teeth. 'Go, ah, ah, faster, please.'
Sherlock’s words were fuzzy in John’s ears. He pressed his body against the soft heat of Greg. He turned onto his other side, cat-like, and pushed at Greg’s underwear.
‘Because John needs it,’ said Greg. He made his way over to the stove and looked down at the near boiling kettle with Sherlock. ‘Here, drink this down. You need it more than you think you do.’
John stared at Sherlock’s form. He blinked finally and gripped Greg’s shoulders and tucked his face into Greg’s cool skin. ‘Greg, please. Please can’t you do it again?’  They were definitely going to fuck him, and he’d much rather it be Greg.
When Sherlock woke, the room was dark as the afternoon light in the window was replaced with the glowing reflection of the city lights in the overcast clouds. What had woke him was not a sound or movement but a lack of scent.
Sherlock and John were left entangled on the rug while Lestrade fetched a wet cloth from the kitchen. He returned and knelled back down at his spot next to John’s head. He brushed the cloth across John’s brow and neck.
Greg's heart sank. Had Sherlock attached, bonded to John? Had he failed his friends?
Sherlock ignored the comment and continued his hovering at John’s head.
‘Shit, Sherlock, just – ‘
The pain in his legs was second to the unnatural pressure inside of him, which seemed to continue to grow. ‘Ow, ouch, ow, Greg! Ow!’ He writhed to escape the unforgiving pressure inside his body just above his tailbone. ‘Stop it! Please!’
He pulled both of John’s wrists into one hand and pressed John’s head back down with the other.
'John I'd love to use the living room, but my knees can't take another round on the floor, and that couch - '
‘Sherlock, your knot hurts. It still hurts.’ John moaned breathlessly.
John’s diaphragm worked hard to pump his lungs with the air for which his body was desperate. Nerves screamed from his muscles, up his spinal column and to his brain. The sudden movement of his legs made John feel as though fire were burning through his hips. His fatigued muscles trembled as John tried to keep his legs from flopping to the floor.
John nearly collapsed into Greg’s arms.
'I'm here,' Greg assured him, and he finally pressed his member into John from behind.
John’s eyelids flashed open, and he instinctively reached for Greg. ‘Ah, fuck!’  He squeezed Greg’s shoulders.
‘No, no, Sher, that is exactly what he needs right now. We’ve got him through the hardest part, and now he needs time to sort this out without us telling him what to do.’ Greg rummaged through the wreck of tossed furniture, books and pillows and found his discarded shirt.
‘No. He was wrong. All his machine was doing was killing people,’ corrected Sherlock. ‘They slowly died from radiation poisoning, and he quickly ran out of volunteers. We were investigating the mysterious illnesses and deaths when we encountered him and his machine. And it wasn’t a time machine; it was a dimension jumping machine.’
‘Please just tell me you’ve packed a plug for John.’
‘Certainly. I think we should let him sleep on a bed, though. His body needs as little extra stress as possible. You too, Sherlock,’ ordered Lestrade.
John was looking distant as though he did not believe what Lestrade was explaining was true. ‘You said there were two options.’
Sherlock’s erection was still in question, and John tried to ease onto it. It wasn’t easy to work in a limp dick, and John had no experience to draw upon.
‘You’re looking much better, John,’ offered Lestrade. He brushed the cloth across one side of John’s neck and then slowly over the other at the bite mark.
‘No doubt, but none of us are going to get much rest. He is old for his first heat. This may take longer than the average. Just go and sit with him. I need to make a few calls.’ Lestrade reached to pat Sherlock on the shoulder, realized that he was still shirtless, and thought better of it. His hand hung in the air for a moment and then dropped awkwardly. He then started off toward the kitchen.
Lestrade closed his eyes and thanked Mycroft’s omnipresence.
John made no response.
‘Just breath. You’re doing fine, just try . . . and . . . keep . . .’
John gasped at the sudden tight grip of Sherlock’s arms and quite painful bite. His fingers twisted in Sherlock’s hair.
‘What is it? What’s wrong?’ asked Sherlock.
‘Yes, Sherlock. Now would you please ex – ’
Sherlock finally nodded.
‘Sherlock,’ Greg said definitively. ‘He’s – he needs you now, Sherlock.’
'You'll be a room away. I know. I've got Greg here. And you've heard him. It's good for you to spend some some time apart.' As John said that, he came to the realization that it would be Greg 'assisting' him next. John's anus squeezed around the plug at his rectum and a wave of nausea over came him again. He noted that it would be a very long time before he ordered Chinese take-out. As sweat washed over him, he worried that it was already 'the time.' 'Sherlock, please? I want to lay down.'
‘It’s already bigger than yours,’ retorted Sherlock. He remained nude, and his thighs and groin glistened with John and his shared fluids.
Sherlock jerked John’s hip back and pinned his very firm erection against John’s backside. One hand kept a tight grip at John’s hip bone as another hand swept down between John’s cheeks. Fingers swirled and penetrated.
He didn’t want to listen to Sherlock’s bizarre talk of heats and hormone therapy. Then three days ago, he’d stopped having an appetite, had the biggest, most cleansing dump of his life, and then he started to excrete mucus. Gobs of it at first, but as his temperature increased, the mucus turned into a viscous fluid not unlike the fluid his girlfriends produced when he used his fingers to pleasure them.
With a mouth full of wonton, John nodded. "I know, but they never fail to deliver within ten minutes. I needed something real in my stomach.'
Sherlock was still buried in John’s neck and he could feel John bristle at Lestrade’s last words.
‘I don’t want to do this with Sherlock!’ John could feel an instant reaction from Sherlock at his words.
John shuddered in Greg’s arms and leaned ever more into his chest.
Within moments Sherlock stumbled through the doorway carrying a wadded stack of towels and sheets.
Lestrade’s fingers warmed and that steady un-nerving arousal returned to his belly, and his panic dug a deep trench through his guts, but this time he found it easier. He was with a man he didn’t have to face every day. He was soft around the middle and not a chiseled demi-god like Sherlock.
It was enough of a shock to convince Sherlock to do as Lestrade told him. He grabbed John hard and bit at his neck. His hips started again as John moaned and swat weakly at Sherlock’s big head.
'You can't what, John?' asked Sherlock, and he took John's right hand in his again, comfortingly.
‘There you are, there you are,’ Lestrade soothed. He removed his hand from John’s bottom and brushed the back of his fingers against John’s cheek.
Sherlock replied quickly, ‘There is no one else.’
Lestrade said quietly, ‘You need to stay in there with him. I’ve seen too many omegas try and kill themselves rather than submit in a heat.’
This wasn’t his world. Not his bathroom. Not his magazine. Not his Sherlock’s bar of soap. Since when did Sherlock’s penis, anyone’s penis for that matter, form a knot. Maybe it was because it was not his Sherlock.
Once out of the room, Lestrade stood quickly and slammed the door shut.
At John’s apparent reluctance, Lestrate kneeled on the bed and explained, ‘It will really help to stretch you. You’re too tight for the knot, even Sherlock’s fledgling knot.’
John whimpered.
‘More’s likely that it gave him a shock, and now he has brain damage,’ Lestrade sighed.
A box wrapped in brown paper sat on the first step. He read the small white card attached to it aloud, ‘221B Baker St. Best Wishes – M’.
John remembered buying that magazine when Sherlock insisted that he go out and bring home one apple of every kind at the market for comparison in the Fielding case. There was an article on prostate cancer he’d wanted to read about. It was still wrinkled up the same way in the back cover from the trip home.
John sat squarely on Sherlock’s lap and his quads burned with the effort of keeping his full weight from resting on Sherlock.
John had not thought much of the papers or the news about omegas and alphas and all. He had assumed that it was part of some marketing campaign for some fad or movie like the ‘Vote Harvey Dent’ stickers all over the Underground when the Batman movie came out a few years back.
‘No, John needs you,’ objected Lestrade. ‘If he’s been receptive to me, he’ll need you next. If I’m with him consecutively, he’s more likely to bond with me. John is going to need you in a few hours, and it’s critical that I’m not the only scent he smells while he sleeps.’
Sherlock moved with John and stayed flush against him. ‘Please, John, it’s got to stay inside. You’ve got to keep my release inside of you.’
When Sherlock made no move to answer, Greg turned off the sink and gave Sherlock his full attention. The look on Sherlock's face told Lestrade exactly what was going through Sherlock's mind. In his attempts to keep John from bonding, he'd neglected to take enough precautions for Sherlock's sake. John needed the both of them. To be near them both. To touch, to smell and to obvious physical acts needed through a heat. Now, however, Sherlock was inadvertently affected. Johns smell, taste, and cries had triggered Sherlock's instincts and hormones into a pre-rut obsession for John. If Greg did not curtail the instincts to mate and bond with John as soon and effectively as possible, Sherlock's life could be turned into an absolute misery as he would pine for someone who would resent the bond.
John winced. ‘Ouch. Why the hell did you tell him to bite me?’
Sitting on the edge of the bed, Greg set his hands on John's knees and gently lifted them until his feet were flat on the bed. 'No, not necessarily, but I need to see how your body is progressing. That's going to tell me if we are getting you through the uncomfortable parts. Not everyone enjoys the anal sex. It is however necessary for omegas to get the alpha enzymes into the bloodstream, and of course anal introduction is the fastest and most effective way. Don't ask me why mainstream medicine hasn't developed a synthetic version for cases like yours. John, what Sherlock and I are doing for you is taboo. Perhaps not nearly as bad as it used to be. Suppressants and hormones have done a lot for omega rights, but society is still taking it's own time to recognize omegas not bonded to alphas. John, I need to remove your pants. Can you lift your hips?'
John sniffled. ‘What would be my treatment if I asked to go to Bart’s?’ He sat on the couch and looked up to see what Sherlock’s reply would be.
Sherlock sat on the precipice of leaning toward John for every whimper and leaning away each time John signed his ease.
‘Your body has made itself ready to take a mate, John,’ Sherlock explained. He paced to the fireplace and stared at the skull on the mantle.
John was still taut and tense on the blankets with no sense of how long his ordeal had lasted. He felt alone and exposed. He held back a cry.
Lestrade reached for him and felt his forehead. ‘Come on. Dry off and come with me.’ Lestrade ushered him back into the living room.
‘Our encounter with Fielding seems to be the origin of John’s behavior. The machine was destroyed, so I have no way of studying it. Perhaps it did work, and this is a John from a parallel universe.’
‘No, no, no,’ John implored though he was aware that his protests were useless. He moaned.
'You may not remember, but you'd woken and were very interested in my
Greg was left with John staring at him. ‘Best we leave him to it,’ Lestrade whispered. At John’s still dubious stare, he elaborated, ‘Instincts to protect and provide and all. You’ve got to remember that this is his first frenzy as well.’
‘John, this is the only way,’ Sherlock said with an unusually deep and tired voice.
Sherlock kept a hold on his left shoulder, and Lestrade patted him on the back.
‘Top bedside drawer?’ Sherlock confirmed and was gone.
Once John regained his composure, and his face had returned from green to red, Lestrade suggested, 'How about a lay down?'
‘Three days! He should have been hospitalized by now. Why on Earth did you wait so long?’
‘Fuck! I can’t! Don’t, please!’ whined John.
Sherlock’s breathing canted, and he pulled John flush against him. ‘Jo – ah!’ Finally Sherlock released inside of John.
Once inside, Sherlock proceeded to barricade them behind another set of padlocks. The air inside was stale and thick with John’s scent. ‘Christ, how long has he been in heat?’
Greg shifted on the bed upsetting John’s balance again. He pressed John’s knees slightly apart, and Sherlock filled in the space between John’s legs with his own.
Update after 1 million years of abandonment.
John was distracted by Lestrade’s question when he felt someone slip two fingers inside his very slick and swollen backside. He pushed himself up on his arms and tried to swat away Sherlock who was between his legs again.
‘Oh, he’ll wake up, don’t worry about that.’
John was not just squeezing Sherlock’s hand. He couldn’t help the reflex to clench around Lestrade’s painfully thick knot. Lestrade’s member twitched, and John clenched again but he tried to remain conscious of it and relax. He endured what he could but he cried out. His eyes watered. One leg thrashed.
‘God, John, are you alright? John, talk to me! Sh-shit, please?’
Recognizing that Greg had ejaculated and delivered the fluids that John needed to balance his hormones, Sherlock opened his jaw. He sucked gently around the bitten flesh to wick away the saliva he'd left there. He let John's knee rest on his thigh and reached for the towel in John's mouth. John let it go from his mouth, and Sherlock used the dry half to wipe at John's face.
Sherlock spun around the room looking at everything and nothing. ‘You’ve been talking to Mycroft. You only call me “Sher” when Mycroft’s been sniffing around.’
Lestrade tried to sooth John as best he could and his petted at John’s hair. ‘Shh, shh, it’s just pressure. Just try and relax. Easy, easy, easy, now, John. You’re doing great.’
Greg stopped Sherlock from continuing. He grabbed his arm to finally pull Sherlock's gaze from John to Greg. 'I need - no, John needs something else right now. John is finally able to care for himself. That means that we've countered a lot of the toxins in his blood stream for now. We've balanced his bonding instinct enough to keep him mentally stable and un-bonded. I don't think, Sherlock, that you realize how vulnerable you've left yourself, which is exactly what John has also been trying to help you avoid.' Greg sighed happily when Sherlock took a sip from the white Scotland Yard mug. Greg was starting to worry that he was sound to Sherlock like a parent lecturing him like the perpetual teenager that he always seemed to act like. 'You've spent a week inhaling John's pheromones. You've finally knotted him twice, and I know you've not experienced that before. You're so focused on him that you've stopped focusing on what your own body is going through.' Greg instantly regretted having this conversation in front of John.
‘Lestrade, be easy with him.’ Sherlock was still at John’s side and he squeezed John’s shoulder. ‘He’s going to be sore, so don’t – ’
John sobbed once noiselessly, but he quickly collected himself. ‘I am,’ he exhaled a shuddering breath, ‘so confused.’
‘You always take your tea with milk. I need to get you milk,’ argued Sherlock.
John's face broke as he began to cry, and Greg squeezed his shoulder to comfort the poor man. 'You're condition is very serious, and I'm glad we're both here to minimize the ah, hard parts.'
‘John?’ Sherlock’s questioning hand slipped under John’s palm and gripped his member.
‘What things aren’t right?’ Lestrade pressed.
In this world, John's friends were offering the most generous, self-sacrificing care that they could offer. Greg was saying that Sherlock was risking the same bond that this universe's John had avoided his entire life. He was risking his future happiness for John. He'd already admitted to himself that he'd enjoyed parts of their 'assistance,' but was that his mind trying to justify their assault?
‘But my semen needs to stay in him,’ objected Sherlock. ‘That’s how it’s done, isn’t it?’
‘Sherlock, on his other side now, help me get him to the loo,’ urged Greg. He could tell that John was nervous and becoming more so with Sherlock’s pacing. He surprised Greg by reaching a hand out to Sherlock.
He wavered against Sherlock for an interminable moment as Sherlock seemed to consider if he should touch him or not.
Sherlock was panting behind John’s head. He felt a slight shake of Sherlock’s negative response.
Sherlock went back into the bathroom and saw John behind the clear curtain sitting in the tub with his hands wrapped around his legs. He reached in and turned off the flow of water.
Lestrade moved to pull John into his arms.
John was a medical doctor and a soldier. He didn’t put much credence to quantum mechanics or the supernatural as his mind was not trained to look at the theoretical or unproven. The chill of the water around him helped him to think, and right now he was thinking that maybe he wasn’t in Kansas anymore. Something had happened when he fell on Fielding’s machine.
‘Get off, you’re hurting me!’ John continued.
John grunted, leaned into Greg’s touch and sat up onto his knees.
In the time that it took John to sit on the toilet until he came to the realization that he wasn't going to do more than urinate, Mycroft had delivered another package. Sherlock tore through it frantically and remade John a proper cup of tea. He and Greg positioned John back into the bed and replaced the plug. John had lost a signification amount of ejaculate when he had sat on the toilet, but the plug was still necessary to help John to keep his anus properly stretched for the next time he would be knotted.
One of John’s eyebrows rose at his incredulity. Yet, his legs would not bend when he asked them to.
Sherlock noticed John's fast rate of breathing and slid John's right hand into his. His fear for John's comfort eased when John squeezed his hand.
It wasn’t like Sherlock to reference religious words, John thought. He involuntarily squeezed hard around Sherlock’s member.  He felt rather than heard Sherlock wince and hold his breath at John’s pressure.
Sherlock looked to Greg with confusion.
‘That is not an option. I won’t – I cannot allow it.’
Sherlock hadn’t washed and he still smelled like sex and sweat under his fresh clothes. Dust and formaldehyde and Mrs. Hudson’s fabric softener.
Lestrade took that opportunity to say, ‘Look, Sherlock, you know this sort of thing is usually done with three or four people.’
In the event that your filthy mind isn't filthy enough already, here is a link that might help to illustrate sizes and shapes and stuff. NSFW by any means, but it should be ok otherwise as posted on Wikipedia.
Sherlock reached out his long arm and took one of John’s grasping hands in his.
Sherlock pressed on. He hiked John’s thigh up for a moment, grunted, and then was still as he ejaculated.
As Sherlock removed his hand, John furrowed his brow and rested his head back onto the pillow. 'No,' he groaned. 'You did go too deep. You can't put ... you can't ... that's as far as I can take it,' said John as he stumbled on his words to explain how he felt when Sherlock had hit a final wall in his channel.
'No, I said that you need to focus on yourself for the time being. Specifically to help John.'
Lestrade turned his attention toward shouting down the street. Two of Mycroft’s men had a yelling man pressed down onto the street, surely a desperate suitor who’d become overwhelmed by John’s scent.
Sherlock shook his head. ‘No, no. I can’t risk him. I won’t. This isn’t working, and we’re going to end up getting him killed. We need to get him to hospital.’
Lestrade sighed, but he wanted to confirm his suspicions before explaining to Sherlock and John that if John was truly a virgin, he could be intact. 'John,' he started, 'I'll have a look again, shall I?' As John nodded, Lestrade moved to center himself between John's legs again. When John winced at the first touch of Greg's fingers, Greg shushed him and ran his other hand over John's knee. John's channel was more dilated, and Greg instantly found it as Sherlock had adequately opened John enough for Lestrade to slip his first tow fingers inside. 'Everything feels fine so far. I'm going to push deeper with one finger now.' When John nodded, he removed his index finger and pushed his middle finger deeper until he stopped as his finger was inside to the second knuckle. 'Oh, yeah, I feel what you're talking about. Oh sweetheart,' he said.  Greg's heart swelled with pity for the further discomfort that John was about to experience. 'I think the easiest thing to do is to breech your hymen now. It'll hurt, but I'll try to make it fast.'
John balked at this. ‘Mating! You mean the treatment is to have sex. I’m a doctor. Never have I come across sex as the cure for a bloody fever!’ He stood and paced the living room. He tired quickly and leaned forward on the fireplace.
‘Ideally, yes. Right now I think it’s best that we make him comfortable, though. I’ve got him. Go draw a bath,’ said Lestrade as he reached down for John’s legs.
It would have felt comforting if it were under different circumstances. Lestrade was broad and heavy. As a smaller man, John had tried to date women who were his size or smaller, and he was usually on top. It was a different feeling all together to be under a man nearly twice his size. He felt secure and claustrophobic at once. He winced at the feeling of Lestrade’s erection at his inner thighs.
John tried to hide his face and he choked on a swallowed cry.
‘My car,’ Lestrade explained. ‘I’ll put on the lights and sirens.’
Greg quickly stopped him and held his hips still. ‘Damn it, Sherlock! Keep scenting him, and move!’
John growled, Lestrade growled, and Sherlock howled at the obscenity. He placed his hand over his mouth and held John’s other shoulder in his effort to comfort him.
‘Shh, John, I know. Believe me. I will be with you all you want. I will, I promise. Just as soon as you are with Sherlock. He has to – John?’
John nodded and wiped at his eyes, 'Sherlock, please tell me what you're thinking.' Something about John's vulnerable tone finally engaged a response from Sherlock.
Hands and long fingers gripped at John’s backside, and John wrapped his arms around Lestrade’s waist.
Sherlock turned sharply and looked down at John. ‘But you’d have your life back. If you bond now, even out of desperation, you’d be linked to that person forever.’
‘Bloody fuck, just take him!’ growled Lestrade. He pulled rapidly at John’s flagging erection.
‘No, no. Shut up. Don’t deviate. She’s not bonded to you, though, is she? Not anymore.’
‘Bloody fuck, we don’t have time for this,’ Greg growled angrily. Once again, he commanded, ‘Sherlock, fucking move!’ He pressed at John’s shoulder and hip and forced him back against Sherlock. He kept one hand on John’s hip and the other reached for John’s penis.
‘Shut it, and help me move the furniture out of the way.’ Chairs and books were pushed haphazardly to the walls. Lestrade kicked off his shoes as to not step harshly on John accidently. ‘Alright, we need to get him undressed.’ Carefully Lestrade pulled John’s damp t-shirt up and over his head.
The comment stung, but Lestrade laughed. Sherlock’s logic was flawless.
John pushed his shirt down over his stomach with one hand and clutched at the sheets with the other. 'I'm feeling very sensitive in my pelvis right now, It's not hurting, what you're doing, but the whole area is sort of, well, aching.' John breathed through his teeth as Lestrade used his finger to slide slowly in and out with gentle pressure, and slightly overlapping each previous stroke as if searching for something. Trying to assist Greg with his knowledge and experience with anatomy, John suggested, 'If your looking for my prostate - ahh!'
‘Greg?’ pleaded John.
his own.
Inspector Lestrade closed a manila file and pushed his chair under his desk. He cleared his throat and scanned the office.
All said and done, the bits where his friends held him down and shoved their mutant penises into his anus might in fact have been worth what John was feeling right now. Like morphine and cocaine and leaving the pub at closing time with a beautiful, intelligent woman with her arms wrapped around him.
Sherlock left the mouth wash on the table and set himself to the task of freshening the room.
John knew that Sherlock had no idea where Mrs. Hudson kept the clean linens and he quickly identified the sheets as being those from his own bed. John otherwise would have found it novel that Sherlock knew the exact number of steps from the door to the top of the stairs but had no idea that there was a linen closet at the top of the landing directly ninety degrees of the door to the sitting room. Instead Sherlock’s blatant ignorance made John’s cheeks flush red in frustration.
'Sherlock, shit! Hold him! Keep him still!'
Lestrade perked an eyebrow and straightened his back. ‘Right. Not that it’s any of your busi- ‘
Many, many, many thanks to you folks who commented.  Thank you.  Thanks for the kudo's!!!!  Seems everyone reads their fics at 3 am and the alerts to my phone are ... punctual.
‘I’ll take that as a complement.’
‘Nothing makes sense. People are acting different. Things aren’t right.’
‘I know, I know,’ soothed Lestrade. ‘How’s it coming, Sherlock?’
His hands reached for Sherlock. One found the back of Sherlock’s head and it pulled Sherlock deeper into his neck. The other found the sharp point of Sherlock’s hip bone.
Cold checks and hot lips pushed against John’s neck at his hairline and nipped sporadically.
Lestrade’s breathing hitched, and he came dryly for the final time and he cried out his discomfort. Within minutes he slipped out of John and pulled away from him.
‘Fuck you, Sherlock!’ shouted John, as much as he could shout. He stood limply as they tried to decide which room to take him.
'John, I'm sorry. I should have spoken with him privately.'
‘I’ll be fine. I’ve neglected several projects and I need – ’
Sherlock knelt on the mattress and offered the drinks to John. John took the mug of tea and blew on it. ‘No milk?’
Sexual orientation was an extremely private matter, and the only people who would have discussed this with John would have been his parents. John was in for a shock if he did not know what it was to be an omega.
'Work on your breathing. Just focus on breathing and staying as relaxed as possible. Okay, Sherlock ease in along my finger as gently as you can. As you feel it, I'm going to move my finger out. Beautiful, John, just keep your breathing slow and even.' Lestrade sounded almost gleeful. 'You're doing so great.'
Sherlock leapt to the door. A red sign with black lettering warned, ‘DO NOT ENTER’, and Sherlock had drilled three padlocks into the door and frame, and it was taking him several moments to unlock each one.
Greg quickly answered, ‘No but I’ll ask if Mycroft and send some with his next care package.’
Meanwhile, Sherlock’s mouth was drawing across the topography of John’s shoulder and neck. Lips ghosted over hair, a tongue tasted the salt and pheromones ebbing from pores, and finally teeth found the already tender muscle between neck and shoulder.
John slumped and rested his head on Lestrade’s thigh. He really didn’t know how to answer that question.
‘I’m trying!’ Sherlock shouted. ‘I’m sorry, ‘m sorry!’
Lestrade rolled his eyes. He never thought of Sherlock as a sexual person, but he also never considered the man as a having difficulty with impotence. In fact, it was nearly unheard of for a healthy adult to keep from becoming aroused around an omega in throws of a heat.
John's face was wet from his tears and saliva as he drooled around the towel in his mouth. His neck had gone numb where Sherlock maintained his bite. He felt smothered and suffocated. He was going to asphyxiate to death! He couldn't get enough air. He couldn't move or get away. He hurt everywhere! All that he could do was hold onto Sherlock and cry. Greg breathed hotly against the back of John's neck, which added to John's anxiety and claustrophobia.
‘Shh, just bear it, John. Come on, now the hard part is over. Shh, you’re fine.’ Greg pressed his lips to John’s cheek and the unmarred part of his neck under his chin.
Lestrade held his arms and reassured him, ‘Relax, relax. Just give him a moment, John. He’s got to check to see if there are any tears or bruising.’
John breathed easier and relaxed a little. He looked up at Lestrade.
'If I don't do them, then they only get done when Sherlock and I are out on a case, and Mrs. Hudson does them. I guess with me locked in the flat, Sherlock never - oh, Sherlock, you're awake. Sorry, did we wake you? You must be famished. I know I am,' continued John. he was dressed in a PJ top and bottom that Sherlock recalled as being a Christmas gift from John's sister last year.
‘You alright in there? John?’
John whimpered, frustrated. He flushed with a hot sweat. He could sense the erection inside of him waning and slowly going flaccid. Somehow it felt more irritating and uncomfortable than when Sherlock first penetrated him. Greg and Sherlock were both far stronger than him. He pushed weakly at all the hands holding him in place.
John perked up to listen to the conversation. They were both mad, but maybe they were finally willing to let him go.
‘Believe me, I know.’ Lestrade laid his cool broad body over John’s feverish one.
This woke Greg, and his reached for John’s hands with his own. ‘Shh, what’s wrong?’
‘You’re fine, John. You’re doing fine,’ Greg tried to assure him.
Then Lestrade was standing in front of him with a towel, one of John’s old, thin army towels that he’d never taken the time to replace, not even in this reality.
He swallowed, and he heard Lestrade turn a page in the magazine.
John was silent and carried a look of dejection. Not looking anywhere particular he asked, ‘Lestrade, I’m going to think of you as the neutral party here.’ He blinked, and tears fell down his cheeks. ‘What do you think I should do?’
Lestrade was above John and he appeared sweaty and exhausted. ‘You alright there, John?’
Last night was a bit of a mystery for John. He recalled Sherlock attempting to calm him through the pain of his expanding knot as they lay on their sides. 'I must have been asleep. I admit that I've had a lot of, um, erotic dreams.'
I was getting bloody pissed that my favorite stories weren’t being updated or finished. I was blinking funny and refreshing my webpage compulsively until I realized that folks had been going out of their way to remind me to update this fic. I’d rather be reading fic! Let someone else sacrifice computer games and petting the puppy to write porn. I killed the puppy with a stupidly long walk, so here is the fic typed out with letters from BOTH sides of the keyboard.
Sherlock was slowly removing his coat and scarf at the coat rack by the door, listening.
Lestrade explained, ‘You would have two options of treatment at the hospital if you were conscious and could express your wishes. The first would be a lottery. This late in your, uh, condition,’ Lestrade was careful not to say ‘heat’, ‘they would not give you an option of declining the person who won the lottery. It could be a man or a woman. They would have intercourse with you several times over the next two or three days until your fever broke and you were well again. This person would be bonded to you for life. Of course you could decide that you did not want to be bonded to them, but your body would be biologically set to see them as your life partner. It would change your life and not in any way that you would have control.’
John’s odor was a beacon to all healthy, adult, alphas and betas, which was the exact reason that most newly-mating pairs fled to the countryside. Any omega valuing his or her safety planned for the heat. For John to allow his heat to come on without seeking a mate or any kind of protection did not make sense.
Sherlock, having his view of John blocked, looked down at the wrinkled bed sheets. he seemed to consider what Greg had said seriously with furrowed brows. 'You'll say with him? You won't leave him? You'll get me as soon as he needs me?'
‘Stop, stop! John, just stay there.’ Finally Sherlock was forced to push John at his shoulder. ‘Greg?!’ he shouted.
‘Here,’ Lestrade pushed at the glass of water in John’s hand. ‘Drink some water. It’ll help. When did things start to not make sense?’
Sherlock growled a warning at Lestrade’s dangerous proximity, and the deep sound reverberated down John’s spine.
'You're married to your work, remember?' John added with a friendly, toothy smile.
Sherlock explored him with two fingers before pulling his digits out and wiping the fluids from John with his wet cloth.
John bucked his hips back to Lestrade and groaned. 'Please, please.' His voice was a near whisper as they man-handled him into a new position. He reached behind himself to reach out for Greg. Greg took his hand, and John had each of his hands held by either friend. He grasped at them as if he were falling into an abyss. 'Please, please. Bite me. Anything.' A pillow was planted under the right side of his face.
John writhed, and his skin glistened with sweat.
The very warm body lying next to John was a great comfort, but Lestrade was wearing a shirt, and the material grated on John’s skin. He pushed up at the front of the shirt.
John shuddered. ‘Oh, fuck!’ He panted. Their hands on his arms were like buzzing, live wires. He could feel both of their heart beats through their palms. His heart by comparison was beating insanely fast. He could smell them both.
Greg smiled down at him. He used one hand to wipe wet hairs from John's forehead and had stopped thrusting shortly after John began his orgasm. 'I'm glad you enjoyed that,' Greg said and laughed. 'God, you feel amazing. Oh, John!' he praised. He patted John's leg and pulled back. 'I'm going to pull out now,' he warned before leaning further back until his full erection slipped out easily.
Swallowing, John said breathlessly, ‘Two weeks ago. Sherlock and I were coming back to the flat. We were taking a cab back after talking to you at the station about Dr. Fielding’s trans-matter ray.’
Sherlock squeezed John's hand reassuringly before sliding off of the bed. He took position next to Lestrade. He held John's calf and offered his other hand for Greg to direct.
Greg held John and kept him upright and still as Sherlock aligned himself and pressed into John.
Finally he sat up and looked to Lestrade above John’s head. ‘I,’ he sighed, ‘I don’t think it’s right. He still smells the same. I don’t think that he’s been receptive to me.’
Lestrade closed John's legs and shook his head. 'Nothing out of the usual. You'll bleed just a little for a while. It might hurt a bit when we get going again, but it shouldn't be more than what you can handle.'
‘Don’t, Sherlock. Please don’t bite me.’
'Sherlock, can you shake down the sheets and pillows for us?' asked Greg. Noticing Sherlock's possessive posture above John, Greg pushed, 'Sherlock, it'll do you good to be away from John's side for a minute. Get the room all set for us, will you?'
Sherlock made no movement to sit, eat, or even leave John's side.
John sipped some of his tea and grimaced. He reached to set the cup at the side table but couldn’t quite reach being in the middle of the bed. Greg took the cup and set it down for John.
Sherlock did not move.
Sherlock turned back to glare at Lestrade.
Lestrade pushed John away to an appropriate distance. ‘Scent him,’ he told Sherlock. ‘Take him, hold him and scent him.’
John immediately pushed and scratched at Sherlock.
‘I don’t understand this,’ John was finally able to say.
