Dean perks up and reaches across her desk, knocking over a cup of pencils. “Oh, awesome,” he says as he grabs the fidget spinner she keeps on her desk for her students. He leans back with the toy in hand and starts spinning it.
Dean rolls his eyes, playfully. But he pulls out his phone anyway. He clicks on the album labelled “Jack-O-Lantern” and starts scrolling through the pictures. He’s never been able to do this before. Sure he sends photos to people, Sam and Eileen, Mary, Jody and Claire. All of them love seeing Jack in between their visits. But he’s never sat there and showed pictures of them to someone who isn’t family. He can’t help but feel the pride bloom inside him when he flips to another photo and Kathryn instinctively “aw”s.
Emma actually has car-rider duty that afternoon, for once. She normally only does mornings, but she switched with Mr. Tate since he had a doctor’s appointment.
“A dandelion,” he tells her excitedly. “Dad says I’m not allowed to pick flowers without permission, but that dandelions are okay to pick. It’s for you.” Her heart absolutely melts.
Cas leans against the cabinet, watching Dean as he cleans the flour off the counter. “Is your possible unemployment your excuse for stress baking or is it what your coworker said?”
She was saved from further embarrassment when Dean gestured to his bag and said he had to get to work, but that he’ll see her around. She watched him make his way to the restrooms. When he was gone, she dropped her head to her desk. She gave herself one minute of self-pity before pulling out her phone to text Jessica about it.
Maybe it’s just easier to accept people’s assumptions than try to explain why two men, who aren’t married or in a relationship or gay—is Cas gay?—are raising a child, who refers to them both as dad.
“You and Dean, huh?” Liam chimed in. “You two sleeping together then?” He gave Maggie a knowing look, as if he figured it all out already. Hannah knew better than that. The way Dean talked about his wife… she’s surprised Liam would even suggest that.
“I have no doubt,” Cas says with a soft smile. Right. Cause Cas can be normal about this apparently. Because getting mistaken as a couple is not the worst thing in the world, right?
Dean studied him for a moment. He opened his mouth, but aborted whatever his response was. “Right, uh, well. I’ve got Sammy doing that for me anyway. Kid can’t mind his business.”
Hannah couldn’t help but laugh at his face. Yeah, she was shocked. But that’ll teach her to assume anymore. Christ, she was a lesbian herself, and hated when people assumed she was anything but. And now she was a hypocrite.
“Uh yeah, I can’t wait. I got to get to work.” He stood up straight and gestured vaguely toward the garage. “My boss is an asshole and I don’t want to hear shit from her later.” He smirked but it didn’t reach his eyes. He left for the garage, the door swinging back and forth in his absence.
“It looks good,” Dean says. He nervously runs his hand in soothing circles around Jack’s back. “The gray hair suits you. Very salt and pepper-y.”
They sit together in silence, sipping their respective beverages. The nightmares started back about two months prior. There was a time, shortly after he moved into the new house with Cas, Jack, and Sam (who has since moved in with Eileen 26 minutes away) that his nightmares completely stopped. He isn't sure why, if it was the new house, the fact that they retired from hunting and his family was safe, or if whatever entity out there decided to just give him a damn break. But they stopped, and they stayed gone for two years, until two months ago.
Dean’s sure he’s red as a nasty rash, his face burns. Because Sam has just voiced exactly what Dean had feared he thought. “I’m, I’m not—” Dean clears his throat. “I’m not gay.”
Dean touched his shoulder gently, Cas relaxed into his touch. “You had a bad experience with mint, it’s a part of being human.” Dean offered Cas a smile, he didn't return it, he didn't even look at him. “Everybody has something they can no longer eat because of a bad experience. Hell, I can’t eat tuna fish anymore after me and Sammy got food poisoning when I was ten.”
job. It’s pretty fucking clear now, John’s job was to protect them and instead he pulled them along on his crazed revenge mission, leaving them hungry in cold motels instead of tucking them into warm beds with full bellies and security.
Dean’s cleaning his guns on the island countertop, when Sam finds him a few hours later on his way out for a run. Sam sighs and instead goes for the coffee finding it empty. The machine whirls back to life as Sam starts a pot.
“The Carver Edlund books,” he said, pulling out his phone. “The brothers that go hunt monsters?” He wasn't looking at her, instead he typed on his phone. Not in a rude way, but clearly trying to pull something up for her. “My sister is obsessed with them. You sure you haven’t heard of it?”
“Do you cuddle?” Sam asks, and earns a slap on the back of the head. “Ow.” Sam swats his arm away. “And you think it’s just because there's another person there and not because it’s Cas,” Sam states, in a disbelieving tone.
“No,” Sam responds, no hesitation. When Dean doesn’t look up, he says, “Dean, look at me.” Dean complies. Once again he must be doing his best impression of an open book, because Sam looks at him as if he sees every insecurity written across his forehead. “You’re a good father. I see you with him, you’re
“I don’t know, I guess having somebody in the room helps keep them at bay,” he mumbles. “But that’s it, two dudes sharing a bed,
Dean worked in a cheerful mood all day. Perhaps the idea of your son visiting work was exciting. Hannah still wasn’t sure why he seemed upset after the conversation on Friday. She even talked to him later, he assured her they were still coming to visit.
Sam leans forward, his hair is pulled back in a stupid little pony-tail. “I wish you could see what I see. What Cas sees,” Sam says. “You’re not Dad. Dad was neglectful, and shitty, and obsessed. And he shouldn’t have dragged us through what he did.”
Cas sighs. He slides his hand across the table to meet Dean’s. Dean accepts the comfort. It isn’t often that he does, but in the witching hours, in the dark kitchen, nothing but the moonlight and Jack’s Elmo wall nightlight illuminating them, he lets himself believe he deserves some comfort for once.
The bed protests as he sits on the edge of it. The sheets are soft and a light lavender color. Dean pinches the cotton between his finger tips.
He’s not going to be a good dad. Sure, he is now, but little kids are easy. All you have to do is make sure they eat and sleep and answer their daily quota of 1000 questions. But when he’s older? What happens when Jack makes a mistake and Dean loses his temper? What happens when Jack takes after Dean and becomes a raging alcoholic with emotional intimacy issues? And when Jack has a kid, and the cycle continues?
The picture is of Jack and Cas at the Farmer’s Market. Jack is wearing an adorably dorky yellow and orange striped sweater, with jeans tucked into little pink rain boots. The picture is fairly recent. Cas had Jack on his shoulders. They were both smiling at the camera.
Cas answers by pulling him in again. He mumbles out a “I promise” and “I meant everything” and “of course I’ll stay” in between kisses.
Cas pulled himself away just enough to place a kiss on his lips. They stood there for a moment. Cas leaned up against the Impala, drinking each other in. Cas’ lips were soft and familiar. Dean smiled at him when they broke apart. And they, reluctantly, unwrapped themselves from each other, and Dean made his way to the driver seat.
and a puff of flour floats between his fingers. “Amazing how you can manage to somehow blame yourself for the midnight screenings of featured horrors my psyche likes to show at night.”
Jack has his favorite toy car, a Hot Wheels purple Lamborghini. It spent the car ride “driving” across the window of the side door and did some very impressive flips landing on Jack’s thigh. But now its  are stalled, as Jack clutches it tightly in his little baby fist, his attention turning toward the loud garage.
“I thought you more than anybody understood it was time for us to retire. You said yourself we deserved it,” Dean says, a little defensively.
Dean feels his face flush when Cas instructs him into his next pose, breaking him from his thoughts. Cas has him reach down into a downward facing dog. Dean wants to make a joke, but between the compromising position and Cas’ hands on his back, skin to skin where his shirt had ridden up, his brain stops working. Cas has one hand on his lower back, so close to his waistband and the other is resting on his stomach, keeping Dean’s back straight. He starts to feel a little self-conscious of his soft tummy.
Jack’s gaze follows her finger, suddenly remembering. “Oh, my sister did that!” he says, proudly. “She’s back home for a little.”
Jack kicks his feet frantically, back and forth, as Dean parks the car, the ugly gold SUV Cas made him purchase for Jack’s safety. Cas has the Impala currently, the deal being whoever transports Jack, drives the family-safe vehicle. Dean feels like a soccer mom.
Dean laughs. “Uh, no. Cas would have my head if I sent him home on a sugar rush," he says as they part ways.
The woman’s eyes widen. “Ah, shit.” She glances around the vehicle as if it would suddenly appear. “No, I didn’t realize… But look, he clearly knows me, I’m his sister.”
“Man, I’ll tell you what.” James started, slamming the hood of the car, startling Dean from where he was hunched over his own engine, elbow deep. “Shows these kids watch these days. Goddamn awful.”
Well, progress reports will be going out soon so she can talk to them at the parent-teacher conference they have scheduled.
Cas insists he joins them this time. And Dean can’t get away with the “maybe next time” excuse he’d been using since they started this morning exercise ritual.
Sam continues, “I think moving in with Cas was the first time you really did something you truly wanted. The first time you allowed yourself some happiness.” Sam drains the rest of his coffee and places it in the sink. He turns to Dean and says, “Just don’t stop yourself from finding that happiness, from going after what you
So waking up and entertaining a hyper two-year-old at two in the morning is not Dean’s idea of a good time.
Cas always goes in early to set up and catch the morning crowd. Dean and Jack sleep in on Saturdays and catch up later. That morning, he wasn’t sure if he was relieved when he woke and Cas was already up, dressed, and perched on the end of the bed, tying his shoes, or disappointed.
Cas continues to study him. “Did you have another nightmare?” Cas asks, like Dean is a little kid waiting at the foot of his bed for permission to join him.
Emma’s had parent-teacher meetings all week. It is one of the things about the job she dislikes, interacting with the parents. Kids, she could do. Parents were brutal. Despite Emma having a system to the meetings, parents could still get defensive about their child. By now, she thinks she’s got them down to a science. Parent comes in—introductions—compliment the kid in some way—discuss their work—throw in any concerns—show their cute art work—bam done. Essentially. That was the gist. Sandwich any bad between the good, and make sure you start off the meeting complimenting the kid. Parents loved that.
“Nah, just that Civic I mentioned yesterday. Owners dropped it off an hour ago. Have at it.” She puts her cigarette out against the brick building. “And cheer up, it’s Friday. You have all weekend to sleep that hangover off.”
Cas doesn’t respond when he knocks quietly on his door, at least not verbally. He does reach over to move the comforter in an open invitation.
Jack holds tightly onto his hand as he leads him around to all the different cars. Jack oo’s and aw’s at every car, all equally amazing to him. He asks a bunch of questions.
He looks at them. Will has dark brown hair, and a poor excuse for a beard and a scraggly little mustache that makes him look like a 14 year old who got facial hair for the first time. His chin is small, and his lips are thin. Matt has a nicer beard, and prominent brow bones that shadow his eyes. He doesn’t think either of them are attractive. Which is unsurprising.
The next morning, Dean wakes in Cas’ bed without incident. He supposes. Cas isn’t there, and Dean is suspiciously close to Cas’ side of the bed.
Dean’s hands still, and he twists to face. He sighs. “You don’t seriously think this is in any way your fault, do you?”
John Winchester was all those things. But he was also good. He protected them, taught them how to protect themselves.
“Sure, but why’d you move in with Cas? Why’d you choose to be here and not your own place? Where you could find somebody to settle down with,” Sam raises an eyebrow and waves his hand suggestively. “Start your own family.”
Of course, he put those there himself, after throwing out all the alcohol. It had been a good thing at the time, but now he’s mostly bitter at himself. Bitter there’s no whiskey and bitter he even opened the thing looking for it.
They turn in a few hours later. Jack is already in bed, and the adults wrap up their non-kid-friendly movie. Nothing scandalous happened while they were watching. No fake yawns to wrap his arms around Cas, no brushing hand in the popcorn bowl, no heads dropping to the others shoulders, and definitely no thinking about Cas when the on-screen couple started kissing.
“I wouldn’t suck either of your dicks if you paid me,” Dean says. Which sounded a lot less gay in his head, but the stricken look on Will’s face is worth it.
Cas makes them spaghetti and sauce that night, it's one of the few things he can make that is somewhat edible. They have dinner out on the back porch looking over Cas’ garden.
The other line is quiet for a minute. “Right, I’ll let you go, say goodbye to Dean, Jack.” There is some more shuffling.
Dean sits down on the floor on the other side of Jack. His knees pop painfully when he criss-crosses his legs. “What’cha working on there, Bob Ross?”
He finds that putting Jack on his shoulders lessens the trips to other stalls, saving his wallet a little bit of heartache. He only goes to the stall if Jack grips his hair a little too tight and attempts to pull him toward the item of his desire like that Ratatouille movie he likes.
Dean’s ears were turning an awful shade of red. He pulled another beer out of nowhere.  Claire looked under his chair for a cooler or perhaps more bottles. Nothing. He pulled a beer out of his ass apparently. “Right.”
?” She threw the book across the table. “Why am I just now hearing about this? Why isn’t this in the books?”
They barely pulled out of the parking lot before Cas said, “Sam said, ‘Stop flirting by texting me. My god, you can't take one shopping trip without being disgusting.’”
She pulls Jack’s folder out and passes a stack of papers to the non-distracted dad. Castiel stares a moment longer before grabbing the papers and looking through them.
Kathryn sizes him up the minute he steps out of the Impala. “You look like shit,” she points out, leaning against the building, her arms loosely crossed, holding a cigarette.
Cas nodded. He picked up a pack of 5 brushes and started reading carefully. “This one says ‘orthodontist recommended’... but this one also says ‘orthodontist recommended’. Dean, how are we supposed to know which to get?” It was the first time Cas made eye contact with Dean since walking into the store. Dean wasn’t sure which part Cas was most embarrassed about. Vomiting four times this week, having to use a child's toothpaste, or the fact that he had to do human shit now, like wash his hair, eat, shave, and well… shit.
Cas is so close, they’re sharing the same air. Memories of the earlier morning, only a few hours before, surface from when Dean woke with his arms wrapped tightly around Cas. Cas had still been asleep, thankfully. Cas’ face was shoved into his neck, his breath leaving feathery kisses. Dean managed to extract himself without waking Cas, but despite forcing some distance between them, Cas kept a clutch on Dean’s shirt.
“Well, I’m glad to have him. I won’t keep you, I can tell he’s excited. You boys go have your lunch and then Dean can give you the tour.” She smiled as Dean nodded and led them into the break room. Jack was practically vibrating the whole way there, asking Dean 100 questions about the cars, and the building, and his job. Each one Dean answered patiently.
She laughs. “Well, Cas knows but Dean doesn’t,” she says. “Now let’s go eat so much ice cream, we send the old men into an early grave.”
Jack turns and wraps his arms around Dean’s neck, when he kneels down to his height, and gives Dean a sticky kiss on his cheek. “Goodbye.”
. He’s got an honest-to-god house, not bunker, with both their fake names signed to it. A yard Dean mows regularly, and a kitchen where Dean makes them meals, and they all sit together like a real family.
Luckily, strangers can’t always understand Jack’s toddler babble, though it’s a language Dean and Cas are fluent in, so they’re often saved from any awkward explanations.
toothpaste. It has a cartoon fruit on it.” He crossed his arms and let out an adorable huff. And very ironically said, “I’m not a child.”
Now, as soon as he finishes his dinner he pulls his Uncle Sammy over to his small garden and shows him. Dean laughs when Sam curls his giant 10 story building of a body down to examine the small plant. Jack talks a mile a minute about it and shows him all his tools.
The woman groans. “Ugh, no. Baby is the name of the car, Dean doesn’t like me driving it, he’s weird. Listen they normally get him in an ugly-ass soccer mom car.” Emma is very shocked this woman is in any way related to this polite, gentle little boy. “The number’s probably in there. I was too busy trying to get the damn car seat in here, I didn’t think...” She shoves her thumb back, pointing to the back seat. “Can’t you like, check my ID or something?” she asks a little harshly.
Cas always sighed, dejectedly, as he stood to go fetch Jack. If Cas couldn’t get him back to sleep he’d plop the child on Dean’s lap and leave with a small wave and a “have fun.” Later, Cas would find Dean on his stomach, talking to Jack as if he understood every word. Jack stood holding Dean’s hair for support, as Dean made two plastic dinosaurs kiss while he explained their dramatic and complicated love story. Jack laughed and bounced up and down until he’d eventually pass out on the floor next to Dean, and Dean wasn’t too far behind him. Cas let him nap for just a short time, before he ushered him to bed before he’d wake up with a sore back.
“Hit the bars last night?” she gives him a knowing look. Her shoulders look even more broad than normal in her brown jacket and her shoulder length black hair is half pulled up in a mini ponytail. It reminds him a little of Sam’s stupid ponytail he wears when he runs.
Sam reaches forward and grabs the slide of the gun and cleans it. It doesn’t need to be cleaned again, Sam knows this.
The door to the break room swings open and a few of his coworkers stampede in for their lunch break. Their conversation carries itself into the room, loud and uninviting.
“I just thought I heard something, I’m going back to bed.” Dean knows Cas knows he’s lying. But Cas doesn’t call him out on it.
“No, sorry to disappoint, but your eye-candy has other plans.” She offered her friend a smirk, and Maggie visibly deflated.
“No, leave him alone, it’s his anniversary, dude. Ask him tomorrow morning.” The music changed to an old country song. The bar had started to fill up with more of the Thursday night regulars.
Sam and Eileen’s car is in the driveway when he arrives home. When he enters, Eileen and Cas are signing back and forth to each other on the couch. Eileen giggles when she turns and makes eye contact with Dean. Jack and Sam are coloring on the coffee table, opposite of them. Sam is doing the best he can with those chunky crayons. Jack drags the crayon back and forth on the paper in harsh lines, no rhyme or reason to his color choices or pigment placement.
A black vintage looking car pulls up by the curb, the engine is loud and the windows are rolled down. There’s no number on the windshield. A small blonde young woman sits in the driver's seat, she leans over and yells, “Hey squirt! Let’s get going before your dad kicks my ass for stealing Baby.”
Cas: He Would Also Like To Inform You, That The Shampoo Is “3-IN-1” Not “5-IN-1”. I’m Quite Unsure Of The Difference, It Seems Like “5-IN-1” Is A Better Deal, Am I Incorrect? ^.^
He eventually pulls away for air, like fireworks going off in his brain, his whole body alight. One hand cradles Cas’ face, the other still in his hair.
Cas has his green yoga mat laid out, and across from him is Jack’s much smaller yellow one. Dean notices the grey still-new mat Cas had purchased him, despite his reluctance to join, rolled out where the coffee table used to be.
“I’ll figure it out.” Hannah took another sip. Their conversation took its natural turn to other things. But her mind found itself wandering back to Dean. She didn’t mean to. It’s not that his personal life was particularly interesting to her. But she considered them friends, and yet she didn’t seem to know too much about him. She thought his son’s name was Sammy, and his wife's name was Cas. But now she wasn’t sure. How could she have a whole conversation about what poetry she likes, and not know anything about them? She still didn’t know where Dean lived before moving to Lebanon. He said Lawerence, and “on the road” and was very vague about most things. She didn’t even know how he met his wife. How old his kid was. Was “Cas” short for something? Cassandra? Even when she wanted to drop something off to him, he would only meet her at a nearby gas station, refusing to give her his address. Maybe they weren’t that close.
Dean’s mentioned Cas before, and everytime he just seemed… well he sounded like somebody his wife would hang out with. But Dean said he was his best friend, so maybe he’s reading into it wrong.
His phone rings and he nearly smacks his forehead on the undercarriage. He pulls himself out from under the vehicle, wiping his hands on his jeans.
The lady smiles patiently, the lines around her eyes become more prominent. Her eyes meet Dean’s to make sure it’s okay. He nods. She pulls out a jar and a disposable spoon from behind the table. Jack bounces up and down excitedly, as she dips the tip of the spoon carefully into the red concoction, and extends her arm to hand the spoon to Jack. Instead of reaching for it Jack opens his mouth wide.
The taller one, with lighter hair, finally reaches for her hand and shakes. “Pleasure. I’m Dean. This is my husband, Cas.” She remembers the name Dean from when their daughter picked up Jack.
Man, some days he misses being a hunter. He didn’t have to deal with this when he was a hunter. If he did meet somebody, a woman, and they asked about his personal life he’d just lie. But here he doesn’t know what to do.
It’s in between customers, when things quiet down, that Dean speaks just above a whisper, “I think a coworker called me old yesterday.”
“It doesn’t really matter.” Dean grabbed a pack of ten that had the best deal and tossed them into the cart.
“Right.” Cas leaves the door open and gets into bed leaving one side unoccupied. “Just don’t wake me up later.”
Dean hears the rumble of the Impala engine approaching, signalling their time is up. Jack hears it, too, his eyes widened.
“I’m not,” he says weakly. He finishes taking apart the gun, the pieces are spread across the towel he laid down. He doesn’t try to put it back together yet.
It’s always been Bobby. Dean’s been so obsessed about breaking the cycle, not being like John, he didn’t even realize he did have an actual father growing up. He isn’t continuing John’s cycle, but Bobby’s.
Without thinking too hard, because he’s done enough of that recently, Dean places a hand on either side of Cas’ face, and pulls him in.
That was... Not what she was expecting. She’s pretty sure they are actually insane. Well, she’s definitely not asking for parenting advice from these two. It’s a miracle Jack turned out the way he did.
“By human standards, I wouldn’t say forty’s that old. But by Claire’s standard, well.” Cas smirks. “You’re a dinosaur.” Cas turns and leans on the table.
It doesn’t help Cas is wearing one of Dean’s shirts. One that Cas definitely wore to bed, and obviously hasn't bothered to change out of.
“I don’t know.” He imagines Jack shrugging his shoulders up to his ears. Dean laughs again. “What are you doing?”
After adding another point to the childhood-trauma board, she realized she had great blackmail material for the boys. But more importantly, she realized she needed to have a very important conversation with Cas. Hopelessly in love and clueless Cas.
Cas grabbed Dean’s arm and pulled him close. He wrapped his arms around Dean’s midsection and buried his face in his chest. “Thank you, Dean.” He spoke quietly.
“Why do humans… Why do we require so many items for daily self-care?” Cas asked as they loaded the bags groceries into the back seat of the Impala.
Dean groans and rolls himself out of bed, his joints popping on the way to his bedroom to get dressed for work.
Dean isn’t wearing a flannel that day, he’s wearing his blue work button down with the company logo over his Zeppelin shirt, and he’s wearing work-boots. But Jack still looks like a miniature version of him. He’d be lying if he said his heart didn’t absolutely melt.
Dean releases the breath he’s holding, as he watches Cas’ chest rise and fall. Cas is still there, he’s safe.
. She pretended to ignore the warm fuzzies that were slowly creeping up after being compared to Dean. She was going to take that comparison to her fucking grave. Handing the phone back, she said, “Listen, I just like local ghost stories, so if you don’t  have any I’ll be on my way.”
His choice? Cas had told him his grace was failing and he didn’t know the cause. Dean and Sam stayed up late tirelessly researching and researching angel lore, coming up with nothing. Cas eventually told them to give it up. Dean protested that there was still more research, or that they could try heaven. Cas could ask Hannah possibly, she liked Cas. But Cas cut him off, said to let it go, that he accepted it and—Oh.
She supposes it makes sense. It was his name before he married Dean. Perhaps he had Claire with an ex.
“Sounds complicated.” She continues to swipe through photos. “Who’s the bio dad then?” She’s looking at another photo of the three of them. “He looks like both of you equally. If I didn’t have a basic understanding of biology, I’d assume he was both of yours.”
They spend the rest of the morning letting Jack run around and tire himself out, and having Jack use his Cute-Powers to persuade customers into purchasing some of Cas’ honey and plants.
But Sam’s right. He shouldn’t have dragged them through his shit. They shouldn’t have had to learn how to protect themselves, Dean shouldn’t have had to protect Sam, that was
Dean lays the dough over the filling, pinching the ends together. “Uh, yeah.” He sniffs. “There’s a chance I’ll have to start looking for another job.”
“Wait,” Cas went after him. “I apologize Dean it won't happen again.” The little shit was still smiling.
“Why didn’t you tell me you had a kid?” she punches his arm, goodnaturedly. “And why’d you bring him today? Couldn’t get a babysitter?”
He smiles as he picks at his jacket. It's a light-wash denim, covered in little sew-on patches of different things he likes. His jacket presents, a little cowboy hat, wings, a panda, a dinosaur, a small purple… dog? Among other things. He wears it almost everyday, and occasionally he gets a new little patch.
Kathryn continues, undisturbed. “Yeah, Dean. What the fuck. I thought we were friends, and I didn’t even know you were married! Or gay!” she practically yells. “I had to hear from Dale!
Dean had the knife in his hand next, with Jack in front of him. Dean woke up just before he carved into his soul.
Cas starts out with some simple poses—child’s pose and downward dog, these Dean recognizes at least—Jack follows along easily. Dean tries to bite back his painful groans as he attempts for his body to do things it was not made to do. Then Cas lays on his stomach and grabs his back legs and Dean just about cries. He’s getting shown up by a toddler. Which, fine, Jack has more cartilage than him right now or something. That’s a thing right?
He pulls himself off the island stool when the last drips of coffee sputter out. He opens the cabinet to the coffee mugs and—
Dean nearly choked on his food, but saved-face by taking a big and painful gulp. Claire grimaced and gave Cas a thumbs up.
It takes a minute for his brain to catch up with his actions, but when it does, he realizes Cas is now kissing him back.
Cas studies him, eyes squinted and head turned just so. “It’s alright, Dean.” Cas’ gaze flitters from Dean to Jack and back to Dean. A soft smile creeps onto his face. “It was my choice, I do not regret it.”
Castiel ignores his distracted husband and continues staring her down. She feels like her every move is being documented, and she really doesn’t want to deal with a complaint.
“I knocked my coworker on his ass, but he was being a dick and I think I had every right,” he explains and turns a finger at Cas.
“I heard you get up, and you never went back to your room.” Dean stares down at his coffee, but he can feel Cas’ eyes on him. “I figured you were taking too long to be simply relieving yourself. And then I smelled coffee,” Cas says, as he gestures to the coffee pot. “So I came to see if you were okay.”
Like today, he has a new little patch, just above his bee (this boy really loves bees). It’s a rectangle flag, with seven stripes of red, orange, white and pink.
“Hey, Dean.” She twirled her pen in her hands and fluttered her eyelashes. Damn, she might as well say,
His boss gets there first.  Extending a hand, Johnston introduces himself, with a smile. Dean is glad he did because his voice is currently betraying him.
Emma waves back, still a little put-off by the event that just occurred. She wouldn't say she was disappointed by meeting a member of Jack’s family, just confused. Then again, this is just his sister. Kids her age tend to be rebellious and reckless. Jack may turn out like that for a little bit, too. Though she can’t see Jack like that at all. But then again, he is just a five year old.
And he even politely turned her down by mentioning his wife again. Her face felt so hot right then, she willed the ground to swallow her whole.
“Oh, yeah. Well… He’s, uh, a good kid.” He looked thoughtfully downward, remembering. “You know, when we got him four years ago, I was so scared. But he’s a good kid. A great kid.”
Sam snorted. “You only say that cause you’re the one teaching him. Very humble.” He served himself the side salad that nobody else at the table had touched.
Jack places the money in her hands, and the woman wraps up the strawberry jam with colorful tissue paper and places it in a brown paper bag with her business name handwritten in black ink.
and swing his arm to punch the intruder. But is fortunately quickly cut short when Cas catches his wrist and shoves his palm over his mouth and glares, his face dusted by the moonlight. His hand smells like their cucumber soap. Dean holds his breath, again. Cas slowly takes his hand away.
Cas’ door opens. “I can hear you overthinking,” he says. He pulls the door wider and steps to the side. “Are you going to come in or do you plan on sleeping in the hallway?” Cas squints at him. Cas is wearing another one of Dean’s shirts, and boxers. Lord help him.
Kathryn makes eye contact with him the moment he walks in the door. She smiles, then frowns, then turns her head to the side and just looks confused. He meets her half way when she sets her shit down and starts toward them.
Once he’s on his back, Cas kneels next to him. His heart is beating wildly and he’s positive Cas can hear it, even without his angel mojo. Cas hooks an arm underneath Dean’s legs and pulls his knees closer. “Place your hands under your hips. Right, now lift up, and hold yourself up on your elbows.” Cas’ other hand goes underneath him, right at the waistband of his pants, and the other arm straightens his legs so they are vertical.
Jack was working on the car while Dean gave instruction. She overheard Jack ask for his own cover-alls to wear, and she watched as Jack studied Dean carefully. Sometimes, mimicking his moves exactly.
“Excuse me?” Emma’s mouth stays open. Haunted? Are they on drugs? No they’re probably just spiritual freaks for something.
“Well it was fairly recent, I don’t think Chuck published the later books.” He pulled it out of his coat pocket and handed it over. “Why?”
She clears her throat before speaking. “Well, it is very nice to finally meet you.” She offers a smile.
Cas narrows his eyes. Dean expects him to say, “What does that have to do with anything?” or maybe “Who?”
When Hannah finally recovered she held a hand out. Cas took it, his grip was strong. “Nice to finally meet you.”
Dean’s smile fell. Hannah wasn’t sure if she said something wrong or if Dean just realized his whole family was coming to work and got weird about it. Or if he thought Hannah would be annoyed at him to assume his wife could also come.
“Yeah? Well tell Sam he doesn't know a damn thing about anything.” Dean threw the bottle of shampoo, conditioner, and body wash mix into the slow filling cart. “Besides it’s ‘3-in-1’ not ‘5-in-1’ and it’s cost efficient.”
His fears still grip his heart and refuse to let go. Every single time Cas has died, every single time he lost him or almost lost him replays in his dreams like some fucked up compilation video. Probably titled something stupid like Dean’s Top 10 Biggest Fucking Failures.
Cas, startled, gasped and inhaled the fucking toothpaste. Causing the poor guy to gag and start heaving over the toilet bowl. Dean filled the glass by the sink with water and rubbed soothing circles on his back until he was able to calm down. Unfortunately, now whenever Cas tried to brush his teeth or eat anything minty, he gagged and a few times vomited. It hasn’t been a good week for him. Dean promised to take him to the store and pick out a non-minty toothpaste and his own damn toothbrush.
She rounds the car, and walks up to where Emma and Jack are standing. Emma notices a pin on her jacket, a small flag like the one on Jack’s in the same position. She hands over the plastic card. A green car-rider card, with Jack’s number. “This is it, right?” Then she waves her ID, saying, “Also, my ID
“Claire, that was years ago. And he didn’t mean anything by it.” Cas shifted uncomfortably. It was not often she saw him like this. So human. It caught her off guard every time.
Once they get everything settled, Jack flings himself into Claire’s arms. When she picks him up, he loudly whispers, “Did you really steal Baby?”
Cas hesitated, still unsure. So Dean sighed, switched the cheap one pack of ten, to two of the much more expensive packs of five. Seeing Cas’ satisfied smile was worth it.
He hears Cas’ voice in the background. “Jack, where’s my pho— Who are you calling?” There’s a shuffle and Cas’ voice becomes clearer, “Hello?”
“Whatever. I'll take it as a compliment,” Dean said. He dove into his own meal. Jack followed suit, from where he’d waited patiently for Dean to join them at the table.
Dean stays silent. They both do. His hands shake as he attempts to put the gun back together again. Sam takes the barrel and spring from him, and slides the pieces where they belong.
Jack continues to bounce around from car to car, parading question after question. Most nonsensical, but Dean entertains each one.
Cas stared down at the table and the scattered literature. “I am not sure what you would like me to do. I have, in the past, tried to make my intentions clear.” He absently thumbed through the fourth novel, letting all the pages flutter across his thumb.
“Does it matter?” he snaps. Sam gives him a bitch face. “Fine, about two months ago or so. They only started getting worse more recently.”
Kathryn looks at him apologetically. “I promise I never said anything, I told you I heard from Dale, and he’s, you know,” she whispers.
“Wait. What?” On the screen it showed images of various book covers, all very poorly edited. “What do you mean ‘Dean’?” Not
Monday rolled around. Hannah tried not to be too disappointed when Dean walked in 9am, alone. She knew he said they were coming around 3pm, but the questions had been nagging her all weekend.
“What? I don't know. Definitely not that last one.” Dean scanned the products. “It looks like they spread Bee Awareness or some shit. Is this what you want?” He held up a shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. Separate bottles. Definitely smaller and more expensive. But for Cas? Worth it.
“Either put one on or kindly fuck off, Sammy.” Jack moved away to sit on the other side of Cas, and ripped open his own mask, it's supposed to be a puppy. Fitting. “We’re bonding”
“Gee, thanks.” He pops open the bottle and pours two tablets into his hand. He doesn’t mention that he hasn’t had a sip of alcohol in almost a year and a half, but he accepts that pain relief anyway, because lack of sleep does cause him headaches now in his old age. “Anything new come in today?” He tosses the medicine back.
The kids are sitting around waiting for their respective parents to pull up. Some are in circles talking, others who tend to wait longer have books pulled out reading.
Dean doesn’t join Cas in bed later that night, either. He almost considers pulling an all nighter, but in his old age, he can hardly keep his eyes open. Naturally, he wakes up after a few hours.
“Hey Sunshine…..Yeah that sounds great, that’s perfect……..And apple pie….What do you mean, it’s always a good time for pie.... Fine…..Deal…..I’ll see you soon. Love you.”
Will continues, “Maybe you could settle something between us then.” He gestures between himself and Matt. “Which one of us is hotter?”
Jack is smiling the whole time she’s buckling him into his car seat. When Claire moves to go back into the driver’s seat, he waves wildly. “Bye Miss Brown!”
.” Dean handed him a wrench. “It’s totally inappropriate for his age, but Cas lets him watch it when I’m not there. They think I don’t know, but I know.”
Dean makes grabby hands at the papers and Castiel passes them over wordlessly. “Is that all?” Castiel asks.
Jack hasn’t changed from the last time he checked on him. The sound machine buzzes soothingly, with a faint artificial heartbeat under the white noise that matches the blood pumping in his ears. The bumble bee nightlight illuminates Jack enough that Dean can see him clutching his panda plush. Dean shuts Jack's door with a soft click.
Sam caught on. “Uh, yeah I have to go call Eileen, about… something totally off topic. Uh.” He noticed they weren’t even listening. “Yeah, okay bye.” They both made their escape. Claire did not have to look back. The suspicious quiet was evidence enough. She was just glad she didn’t have to read the next part in a book.
Dean tensed as when the cold, wet paper touched his skin. Jack’s finger pressed gently onto his face as he put the face mask into place. It smelled like oatmeal and lavender, and he wasn’t sure if he liked it or not.
Cas’ hands feel warm as he guides Dean’s arms into a simple warrior pose. They did this one earlier, Dean knows it okay, but he lets Cas do his thing. Next Cas keeps him in the same stance but has his arms reach upward.
Cas shakes his head. “It’s different, as an angel. You don’t experience things the same way, it's all big picture.” Dean remembers when Cas was disappointed he couldn’t enjoy his favorite foods anymore, ‘molecules’ he had said. “I wanted to
Apparently, Human Cas can’t sense Deans presence anymore, which they all found out the hard way. Seeing Castiel Former Angel of the Lord squeezing fucking Colgate directly on his tongue caused Dean to blurt “what the fuck are you—“
She turns to the little Nephil that koala’d on his side. “Who’s this little guy?” she asks, her eyes sparkling with curiosity and a little bit of betrayal.
“Thanks, feel like shit.” Neither Dean nor Cas found their way back to bed that morning. He had insisted Cas try to catch a few more hours before Jack woke up, but he refused.
Sam tilts his paper toward him sheepishly. It’s a princess outline, Sam’s colored in her hair brown and her dress earthtones.
“Well, I don’t have any concerns—” that’s a lie, she has many concerns, just not about Jack’s education specifically. “—about his progress.” She mindlessly straightens the papers on her desk. “Do you have any concerns or questions?”
“God, thank you, Han.” They both took a sip. “Dean’s not coming?” The others at the table looked at her waiting for an answer. Liam was across from her and James was on the side of her not occupied by Maggie.
“Good morning Miss Brown,” he says. He’s wearing a bumble bee t-shirt under a denim jacket. His bright yellow canvas shoes match his t-shirt and the yellow knitted hat pulled over his ears. His nose is tinted pink from the cooler weather.
He makes an indignant noise and says, “Shit, haven’t I suffered enough?” He clutches his icepack a little tighter.
As if on cue, Eileen made her appearance. Dressed in a bathrobe and fuzzy slippers, she clearly had no immediate plans to “go out.” Eileen took her spot in the chair, and ripped open the fourth mask, this one was supposed to be a llama. “Hi, Sam!” She said, once her mask was in place. She grabbed the remote and turned on the movie.
” Dean pleads, to himself or to Sam he isn't sure. “I like women.” He sounds ridiculous saying it, but it is true. He likes women, he’s not gay. This he’s been telling himself for years. It's a fact. He likes women, therefore he’s not gay. Causation and correlation and all that shit.
“Here.” Dean held up a different tube. It was white, and had the name “hello” written across it. It was another watermelon flavour. Dean smiled gently. “I think Jack uses this brand.”
“Dude,” Matt hits Will on the chest and gestures to Dean. “Dude’s gay, he can’t think either are hot.”
When he finishes adjusting the shirt, he grabs Jack under his armpits, standing up, and settles him on his hip. “There you go,” he says. “Now you look like a real mini Dean Winchester.” Jack beams. “You ready to go to your first day of work, buddy?”
“No!” Sam and Dean shouted at the same time. Claire was definitely going to slip him the entire series,
Okay, sure. Guess they’re doing this in the middle of the shop. Dean pulls himself out from under the vehicle, holding his hand to his forehead. Kathryn disappears and returns with an icepack. He takes it without looking at her.
He isn’t just playing a part. He chose this. He chooses this everyday. He gave up hunting to stay with Cas, when Cas told him he was going to raise Jack. He
Fast forward to Claire staying up all night researching the series. She found them all online and yeah. While she did get some perspective about Sam and Dean, she was a little scarred when she stumbled on some sex scenes. She had to research what chapters to skip over because she was
He’s almost started to let himself believe in this little life he created, where he comes home from work everyday to his… to Jack and Cas.
Hannah approached them. They both held take-out in their hands. “Hi, can I help you?” She plastered on a fake customer-service smile.
Dean continued to sputter, while Cas seemed unaffected, continued to stare Dean down meaningfully. When Sam got himself under control, he said, “That’s quite the comparison, Cas.”
They’ve arrived an hour early, so the garage is mostly empty. He wants to avoid as much chaos and loud noises for Jack’s sake, to not overwhelm him.
She nods and he goes to his seat. Emma hadn’t met Jack’s parents yet. But the way he’s always polite, has good manners, and obviously has rules set that he follows, they must be amazing parents. If she ever decided to have kids, she hopes her kid is like Jack. Maybe she should ask his parents for advice.
This time when Dean smiled, it was shy. Very rare to see him anything less than his usual confident, flirty self. “Thanks. Cas says so, but…” He rubbed the back of his neck. “Cas has been great--they both are. Kid’s a miniature-Cas, though, kinda funny. God, the two of them keep me on my toes.” He punctuated his statement by bouncing playful on his tippy-toes.
“Do you think they support bees? Or that it smells like honey?” Cas’ expression darkened. “Or perhaps do you think it's made of bees?”
Cas looked to Claire, eyes asking for some help. She gestured for him to go on, because why the hell not. They already started this, in the middle of dinner. And it was painful to watch, but for fuck’s sake, she was going to get them together by the end of dinner.
Maggie sighed. “No.” She frowned and took another sip. “I think he’s in a relationship anyway. But a girl can still look, right?”
Her blonde hair is in soft curls, resting on her shoulders. She’s dressed in a sundress like she's going on a date, or perhaps looking for one based on the way she eyes Cas as he describes the different honey. She flutters her eyelashes and gives Cas a flirty smile. God, can’t people just run their little business without getting hit on constantly. Dean’s half surprised she doesn’t straight up ask,
So of course the scene brought Cas to his mind, but it doesn’t mean anything. He was just wondering what it would feel like: if Cas’ lips were soft. If his beard would scratch his face. How it would feel with his hands cradling Dean’s fa—
“Sammy?” Liam didn’t remember the taller man ever mentioning a ‘Sammy’. Though they didn’t necessarily talk too much. Liam wasn’t sure why.
She pushed the highlighted phrase over to him. “And no he didn’t outright compare you two. But he did finish the phrase with, ‘you’re not gonna die a virgin,’ so.” She gestured with her hands. “I’m surprised you didn't get together that night, honestly.”
She slides to the next picture. It's from Dean’s birthday, but you couldn’t tell from the photo. It’s a picture of Dean and Cas, with Jack sandwiched in the middle. All three are wearing cowboy hats. Dean feels his face burn.
She looks hurt, “I thought we were friends, dude. And I just feel like I don't know you. I didn’t even know you were married. If somebody asked me like yesterday, if you were married, I would’ve said no, because for two years you never thought to mention it.”
Dean sits in the kitchen with a cup of coffee that went cold a while ago. He doesn’t seek comfort with Cas, he doesn’t deserve it.
“You better forgive me now. I’m pretty sure you’re not supposed to drive with a concussion,” Dean says. Even though he most definitely has driven with a concussion and far worse in the past.
“Nah he’s single.” Liam took a confident swig of his beer. He said it as if he’s proud. Like Dean was one of him. He probably honestly believed that, as if he didn’t have a wife at home. As if Liam was half the man Dean was.
Cas and Jack arrive home when he's pouring the filling into the crust. Jack is conked out, his head lulled on Cas’ shoulder, from having fallen asleep in the car. Cas raises an eyebrow at the baking mess in the kitchen before turning to go deposit Jack in his bed.
“No, you’ve definitely got your information twisted,” James said. Liam glared at him. ”His name’s Jack, he’s in High School.”
She stands when a pair of men enter her classroom. Jack’s parents were scheduled next so this must be them.
“No,” Castiel says. Something tells her he’s wrong. “I am just confused on the purpose of this meeting. I am more than aware of how Jack is doing in class, he tells me.” Normally she’d scoff at that, because how would you know the kid was being honest? But also this is Jack, so she’d give him a pass on that. “I am only here because Sam insisted it’s what normal people do, and it’s better for Jack’s education somehow.”
“Good. Dad said you would show me the cars,” The teen--Jack or Sammy--got straight to the point. He wasn’t looking at Dean, or any of the others. He was just staring at the red BMW to his left. His hand twitched like he was ready to get his hands on it, but knew better than to touch without permission. Hannah suspected if he wasn’t holding all that food, he would be all over it.
Claire found the series at a secondhand book store. Well, multiple secondhand books stores. She pieced together the collection, accidentally buying one book twice. ”Because you’ve been with Dean for over a decade, and it’s getting ridiculous.”
“And look at you, you’ve got gray hair, too. I never thought I’d see that.” Dean points to his own head, to match where Cas’ gray hair is. “I thought even if I got a chance to grow old, you’d still look the same in 30 years.” He tries not to think about how much that scared him.
He heard Dean’s laughter before he saw him. “Ah man! Who brought in the pimpmobile?”  Liam was currently wedged beneath said horrendous vehicle.
Kathryn ambushes him when he’s underneath a car with no escape. She crouches down, sticks her face under the vehicle right by Dean. “I can’t believe your husband was here yesterday and you didn’t introduce me.”
Kathryn stares slack-jawed at Will on the floor, who is clutching his wrist. Dean did not grab him that hard, jeez.
Dean clears his throat, avoiding the previous topic. “So, uh, I asked my boss if Jack could visit on Monday.”
“Sorry Jack-Jack, give me a minute.” The blonde begins typing on her cell. “I meant for this to be a fun surprise.”
He makes his way back to bed eventually, only to wake up an hour later. Tears claim paths down his face. He wipes them away furiously.
Dean stays lying on his back staring at the ugly popcorn ceiling that came with the house when they purchased it. There are little sparkles scattered throughout the ceiling, Jack calls them his stars.
They were definitely married now, though. “No, no. Definitely their wedding anniversary. He specified it was their first one,” Hannah said. She knew because she told him paper was the traditional first anniversary gift. A lightbulb had clearly turned on behind his eyes, the way they lit up. Cas loved poetry, he told her. But they had a pretty extensive library already. She promised to get some recommendations from her girlfriend.
Emma tightens her grip on Jack’s shoulder. These situations are always awkward. She can’t, in good conscience, let the child go without the proper proof. Even if it is inconvenient and the guardian has to go home to get the number, or has to get their ID checked at the office.
“Ah well if he’s chained down you can’t blame him.” Dean gave him a confused look. Liam must have pulled him out of a deep thought. “You got a wife?”
Dean turned away from Jack back to Cas. “So this,” he gestured to the space between them, “comparing thing, this is you… flirting?”
He does go to the kitchen and put on a pot of coffee. He also quietly pulls out some sugar and flour and starts “stress” baking again.
Dean stills. “Stop it.” Cas blinks. “Stop doing,” Dean gestures vaguely, “that. We have too many goddamn shrinks in this family.”
The pair on the couch laugh, too. Eileen’s fondly watching Sam who’s concentrating on making the princess as accurate as possible.
Pulling out his phone, his heart beats rapidly when he checks the caller ID before answering. “Cas?”
Cas doesn’t answer. Dean’s used to seeing Cas in casual clothes. At first seeing him without his coat was like seeing him practically naked, like he needed to turn his gaze away out of respect. But just because it’s normal to see him in a t-shirt does not mean Dean is at all equipped to see him in just his
He wants it all, every bit of Cas. Every special moment, he wants Cas there, holding his hand. He wants to exchange sweet-nothings in the dark, in his bed. He wants to see Cas wake up, every morning in his stolen clothes, bed head, and incomprehensible grunts until Dean brings him coffee.
Dean never knows how to answer that question. Cas said before, “He’s your son as much as he is mine.” And Dean has answered the question in the past with, “He’s my kid.” Or if Cas was there, too, “He’s our kid.” But it always feels like admitting it makes him too close to his father. He just can’t do that to Jack, he can’t be Jack’s father. Dean’s so fucked up, he can’t push his issues onto the boy just because he so desperately wants to be a dad to Jack.
.” He wrapped his arms around the two other men. “Everybody, this is my husband, Cas and our son, Jack.”
Dean coughs awkwardly and turns away, he lets autopilot take over as he makes his cup. “Don’t worry about it, it comes with the job.” He reaches for Cas’ favorite mug also and holds it up in a silent question. Cas nods. “What’re you doing sneaking up on people in the middle of the night? Your old instincts kick in again?” Dean raises an eyebrow and pours Cas’ coffee, adding the necessary honey and milk.
Maggie tapped her pen impatiently on her desk. God this was the longest shift. Yes, she thought that everyday. But she was certain she was right about it this time.
Dean grabs the bag and Jack’s hand. “Alright let’s go find your dad.” He then nods at the woman. “Say thank you, Jack.”
Dean really doesn’t want to hear whatever “I’m happy for you guys” speech Sam’s gonna pull out of his ass. Because there’s nothing to be happy for. They aren’t together. Dean’s just a pathetic man who can’t sleep alone, and Cas indulges him cause he’s a good guy. And they’re
Cas sat next to him, his face mask was already on, and his eyes were closed. He looked relaxed. Almost serene if it wasn’t for the fact that the face mask was supposed to look like a panda, but instead had him looking like that dead chick they had to gank a few years ago.
Dean laughed loudly. “I tried to get Jack into westerns.” His coworker shook his head, fondly. “But he’s much more into Star Wars. Can’t blame him, just wish he liked westerns a little more.” Dean leaned back over his engine with a new tool in hand. “That’s kids for ya. They break your heart and insult your taste.”
Jack pouts and then reaches for the spoon and manages to get the jam into his mouth without making a sticky mess everywhere. Dean counts that as a win.
Sam would have to invest in sound-proof headphones, just in case. He wondered if Cas's abilities included refurbishing smashed walls… or bed frames… or tables.
Cas looks down, eyelids flickering. He speaks, still refusing to meet the gaze of his possessed sister before him. “I accept.”
"-You happened to me. And dammit," he huffed out a small, disbelieving laugh. "I still don't see how I could possibly deserve you but here I am and I'm hoping…"
Cas had been trying to tune out of the bond during the drive back to the motel, but it was very difficult. They'd only been in the car for about 9 minutes, but Dean's thoughts had managed to escalate from nervous-anxiety to a full out panic attack. Cas worried that it had something to do with his reaction back at the movie store.
“...I fell in love with every part of you, at every moment, you have never been some object of my desire. You are always beautiful to me, because you are the one I love.”
“Look, pal,” Dean jabs a finger at the man’s grimy shirt. “ I drove almost two hours to get here. And I’m not the type of guy to normally put strings on my services—” Rufus snorts again.
Its smile is chilling on its featureless, black face. Dean is disturbed to notice it seems awfully calm, as if it truly believes what it's saying, as if convincing Castiel will take nothing more than a few well-chosen words.
The guy kinda sucks at expressing himself, so we'll have to see just how much he's actually come to terms with, and how much he's still… ignoring."
"No! Stop!" Kelly cries out from the other side of the room. Cas grits his teeth, struggling onto his elbows, staring up into Dumah's predatory gaze.
Jack digs a spoon through his concoction, showing Dean the individual ingredients. “There are also cherry tomatoes, onions, roasted peppers, and cilantro, lemon juice, salt and pepper. For spice,” he adds.
So the items they did have, the ones that meant something… Dean's car. Cas's coat. Those were the things that mattered, in their own personal, strange way. Dean knew that Cas needed that coat, just as he needed his car. These things held memories, as well as mistakes; they acted as reminders of what they'd been through, and every time they'd died, or almost died, those things were still there waiting for them when they got back. So Cas cleaned the blood and the leviathan goo and the lake water from each thread as lovingly as Dean hammered back each dent in Baby's hood, replaced the toy soldiers in the cupholder and the Legos in the radiator.
"Well, I’m so glad you asked." Charlie smiled: a boastful, yet endearing look that meant, once again, she had found a solution. She turned the laptop screen towards Sam, displaying the homepage of a website called Tumblr, where he could read a short list titled "Favorite Fanfiction Tropes & Headcanons."
Dean chuckles, and Sam replies, "No, no at all," assuring the boy with a firm pat on the shoulder. They both grin fondly at Jack. Cas can't help but look to Dean, however.
Sam gestures helplessly at the phone and then out the door. "It's a skype call— I have to get to my computer—"
Instead, he smiled as Cas rolled his eyes and returned to the movie. Dean felt a spreading, welcoming warmth filling within the confines of his body. He couldn't remember the last time he'd felt this…
Dean was grinning at him, and Cas knew. It didn't matter what had happened all those years ago. Dean was here
They haven’t talked much about the wedding. Dean knows Cas shares in his opinion that the smaller and simpler, the better. Family, friends, good food, good music. They’ve had enough drama for one lifetime.
But none of them knew what this talent cost. They didn't know what it was like having the devil himself sing 'Stairway to Heaven' on a fucking loop inside his brain when he was trying to sleep.
Sam remembered the first time Dean had ever told him that. Their first hunt together, with dad of course. A vamp job, so seemingly simple. Three teenage girls murdered in the course of a week, drained of their blood and left to rot in the damn parking lot, vamp bites on each of their necks. It had been too obvious, too easy to find, and Dean had known it. Sam of course, on his first hunt, had assumed that the simplicity of the job was common.
“Can’t wait to get out of this friggin’ hospital,” he mutters, and Cas’s lips twitch upwards at the familiarity of Dean’s grumpy morning behavior.
The other excerpts included sections from Purgatory, another weird alternate universe that Zachariah had shoved Dean into a long time ago, and a few pages from Castiel's point of view, when Dean was staying at Lisa's house.
So Dean didn't laugh when Cas lovingly smoothed down the sleeves and tucked the belt into place. If anything, the gesture felt a bit sad. And also…
There are episodes twice a week, outlining the how’s and why’s of tampering with everything from demons to leviathan, but mostly, Sam considers it to be his own proud contribution to the Men of Letters legacy— passing on knowledge… only this time, in a global, and more modern-day approach.
He knew now, he had been selfish, to show his truth to Cas, but he hadn't had it in him to keep his secret a secret any longer. He only hoped Cas would forgive him, and be able to move on.
Sighing, Cas peered out the window at a smiling couple walking back towards their car. "Of course I am not against homosexuality. Or any sexuality, for that matter."
"And…" Dean hated the quaking breaks in his voice, the way his heart wouldn't stop trying to burst through his ribcage. But he loved it all the same, because it meant
“No,” Dean smiles, biting his lip, and he feels the inner glow of something warm curling inside his chest, bubbling its way up into his throat, his lips, his head. “No, definitely not, Cas.”
Cas grimaced, placing the sandwich back in its container and wiping his hands on a napkin. "I suppose you could say there is good reason for this particular item's unpopularity."
Cas leaned forward, closing his mouth around the fork, and Dean tried not to go wherever it was his mind wanted to go.
And so the questions and the doubts circled endlessly, and Dean had stopped counting the hours. Stopped checking the clock.
“What?” Liv says, snapping her head around to stare oddly at the group, and Cas speaks quickly to cover up Dean’s mistake.
and ALSO: yes, the salad is in fact, Blu's creation. They are a very talented and creative cook, and I only tease them about this salad because... well you'll see. But seriously: Blu, I tease ya because you're absolutely the best person ever, and I love every conversation we have. So thank you for making me laugh. I promise the next concoction you send to me will receive less teasing.... maybe. depends on what you make <3
Cas parts his lips and sighs so softly, so relaxed, and it's the most beautiful thing Dean has ever heard, and he can't remember suddenly what he'd been thinking about this morning, he can't remember what he'd come to ask Cas about, he can't remember how to breathe.
Cas leans in closer, swinging one leg over Dean, straddling his fiance’s lap with a gentle closeness that hints only secondarily towards sexual intentions.
Dean shouted, on the verge of fainting. The blood was rushing to his head, the asphalt swirled before his eyes, and he didn't know if it was because of dizziness or because of the tears now steadily trailing hot streaks down his face.
Not long after, John had sent Dean on his first solo mission. January 24th, Dean's 17th birthday. Dean hadn't asked for anything, their father wasn't big on birthdays. Or any holiday, for that matter. Avenging Mary's death was more important.
"I don't know man, I mean, personally, if I had to choose between eating something that tasted like molecules, or something that tasted like barf-soaked intestines, I'd go for the molecules."
Shaking, Dean swallows back the strangled words he knows he won’t be able to say anyway, and places the smooth silver ring in Cas’s open palm. The sigils flare slightly, as if recognizing their previous source.
things like that. Sex, love, romance, dating… even Anna had said she was jealous of these human activities, regretted that angels couldn't experience them. Plus, Cas had explained on several occasions that angels did not
. It's… sharing our favorite songs, and talking about the things we've been through, and teaching each other new things, and helping each other out of stupid situations."
In truth, Castiel wanted nothing more, and dreaded nothing more, than to join Dean Winchester in the impala.
Dean sat back on the end of the bed, head in his hands. Who knew this trip would become such a nightmare. His watch read 3:00 pm. Not even dinner time yet.
No angel was allowed to have romantic, or sexual relations with any human, due to the possibility of creating a Nephilim: the most powerful being in existence.
Dean pushes his way through the opening, stepping fully into the blackness, ignoring Jack’s shouts of warning, and reaches out desperately for Cas’s wrist. Behind them, the Empty snarls, but this time, it’s not Meg’s voice, it’s cold, high-pitched, and definitely
"Dammit Cas. Fine. You know what?" he angrily slammed his duffle bag on the table, and walked off. "I'm done asking. Go 'save heaven' or whatever, man, I don't care anymore."
It would be so much easier to non-exist in a world just as blank and empty as himself, to drift about and feel
She winces as the papers shuffle noisily under the door. Red hair flying, she speeds back to her room.
Cas was still looking at him funny, so Dean coughed up the first lame thing that came to mind. "I was just going to say that this is nice. You know. Hanging out, just us."
would be the one to tell you— and so I thought as long as I… kept it a secret, I’d never have to leave you. Because- the one thing I wanted…. It was something I thought I couldn’t have.”
The pleading in Cas's voice almost froze him right then and there, almost made him let go. Dean held on tighter.
were here, and dammit, he was tired of being a source of pain. He was tired of being the reason for his best friend's unhappiness.
He'd been… jokingly pushing the angel to try on a pair of western raw-ride boots, and Cas had finally, begrudgingly, put them on.
Dean used the line very rarely, of course, because however cheesy, it wasn't the sort of pick up line applicable to any random chick. Excepting Anna, who had used it—very successfully—on himself, Dean had only tried the line twice before. Once with Jo, which obviously hadn't panned out, and once with an overly perfectionistic university girl he'd met at a restaurant the night before 'the biggest test of her life.' She said she'd been studying for weeks, but still expected imminent failure, and seemed rather adamant on expressing her concerns with overly dramatized expressions predicting the end of all things, including but not limited to, the world, the universe, and her future.
Bits of possible lyrics float around Dean's mind in scribbled pieces as he tries not to get distracted by the idea of texting Charlie for help.
Sometimes, Cas found himself regretting that he hadn't chosen a female vessel. Perhaps then, Dean could have loved him as Cas wished to be loved. Perhaps they could've had it all.
Dean feels the warmth of Cas’s solid arm pressed against his own as they sit backs against the door, and his lips curve upward in a soft smile.
Dean looks down and sees a blood drenched blade, its black twisted point sticking straight out of his body, just above his belt.
Sighing, Cas gingerly picked up the sandwich in both hands, and Dean watched as he took a bite. He was chewing so seriously, Dean thought he could've fit right in with one of those foodie connoisseur judges on cooking competition shows. "Well?"
“Yeah whatever, jerk. Oh and—” Sam raises his voice as Dean walks away. “Tell Cas to keep his shouting to a minimum next time. Even Eileen would’ve been able to hear that, and that’s saying something.”
Poetic words too, that Dean can hardly believe, but he can only be glad that the word 'pretty' never leaves Cas's mouth.
“I am very happy with my progress! Claire says I have ‘mad skills,’”Jack raises finger quotes. “I am... not sure what that means, but I believe she meant it as a compliment.”
Silence. Sam fidgets awkwardly in the background, coughing into his hand. As usual, Cas and Dean ignore him.
A steady mantra of words pound in his head, but it takes a second for Cas to realize what is being said and who is saying them.
Dean stared. He had never seen Sam act this dramatic over something. I mean sure, the guy was a drama queen, but this… It was almost enough to distract him from what Sam was saying—in between the unintelligible huffs and jumbled complaints.
So Dean shoved away the pain, as far back as he could reach. He scooted closer to Cas, gently wiped away the angel's tears, and without another word, laid Castiel back onto the bed. He adjusted the pillows, and unfolded the blanket. He wrapped it tightly around Cas's shivering body.
it hurt even more than the shouting, because at least then, Sam could have said something, could have protected Dean like Dean had always protected him.
John was long gone, and Dean knew he had to eventually face facts and own up to his own slogan. It was team "Free Will," after all, not Team 'Lingering Daddy Issues.' Of course, between John, Lucifer and the literal God, Dean supposed the second slogan applied pretty accurately as well.
“Oh-” Sam groans, pinching a hand to his forehead, apparently having just walked through the doorway. “Guys come on, it’s way too early in the morning to see this.”
He imagined Dean's retirement life in the future, if they both lived to see it. A wife, maybe. Even, perhaps, a couple kids. A nice job, domestic, that did not require the powers of an angel.
Cas squinted. There it was again, these strange human innuendos. What was he meant to understand by this statement? Dean had not even come close to dying, if he had, Cas would have felt it. And besides, Cas had not caused the bottle to drop.
Dean woke up on the very edge of the bed, face turned towards his nightstand. He felt the morning light trying to seep under his eyelids, and pulled the covers over his face, squeezing both eyes shut.
Cas more often, just being around him…. It would open up so many chances, so many possibilities to say what he'd wanted to say for years. Maybe a week from now… everything would be different.
Well… Dean ignored the thought, forcing himself to grip the warm hand more tightly than before, folding it within both of his own.
here with you, with everything out in the open, and… I spent my whole goddamn life fighting this crap, fighting these—these feelings. All because of my Dad, and I’m so sorry, Cas, that I made you think your love couldn't be matched. I'm so sorry—”
thing." Sam just rolled his eyes, and placed his laptop satchel on the bed. "I'll go and get us some dinner."
And his smile is slow, and it becomes him, until he feels his chest might not last through this day—
"Over a hundred songs, yes," Cas nods, looking awfully smug. "I memorized them all years ago. I suppose I was trying to- well—" he hesitates.
Sam tried to take an academic approach to these lists, because he knew if he really analyzed what he'd been doing for the past several hours, it wouldn't be too out of line to label himself as an 'invasive pervert.'
"Dude you can't do that. That's really creepy." Dean tries to sound indignant, but feels a grin seeping into his face anyway, which certainly won't help to maintain a Threatening and Possibly Criminally Dangerous Appearance, but the whole situation is somehow incredibly amusing.
Sometimes he used the old computer, stashed in the backroom for the staff to use on their breaks, and he spent most nights looking up Zeppelin song lyrics and memorizing every word, because he knew it was something Dean would smile about.
How they'd like to tear into every crevice of his pretty body, and pour his pretty blood on the ground, and watch his pretty green eyes go blank.
Jack smiles, nodding gratefully, and takes a seat next to Cas. It’s kind of a funny picture, both of them seated with perfect posture and hands folded primly on the countertop.
Cas flickered a smile at the remark. "I'm not—I was just thinking about people. Angels. I tried to help them, to show them how beautiful—" Cas stopped and Dean thought he could see a faint blush. "—how important, humanity is. I tried to show them that being an angel means… protection. Fighting for what's right. Not just following orders blindly."
"Hmm. Well, first of all Dean Winchester, stop telling yourself you sound stupid when you give the guy a compliment. That's helping nobody.
"Don't you leave this room, Cas. Not again. You just got here." Dean felt a burning sting in the corners of his eyes, and his throat swelled.
He remembers his happiest moment. He’d had no words then, but if there were ever a chance to redeem his silence, now is the time.
, the Dean who loves him, against his back and fights the urge to turn around, to kiss the man he loves, because maybe,
“Hey! You too!” the short redhead smiles widely. She points to the pie. “Did you make this? It smells
Dean was biting his bottom lip, obviously holding in laughter, and Cas sighed. "I give up. I mean to say that I believe your brother may wish to participate in this conversation." Dean laughed and made a motion as if to shuffle Cas aside. The bathroom was rather tiny, and Cas could feel Dean's intense warmth seeping off of his skin as the hunter squeezed past him and towards the door. He turned the knob, but Sam wasn't there.
Cas says that night, an arm curled around Dean’s body, a whisper in the dark. And this is an unexpected happiness.
Charlie, in a stroke of genius inspiration, had given them an early wedding present just a few days ago. Legal papers didn’t exactly count as a
couldn't even tell if you were in love with them, or just desperate for affection and too damaged to know the difference, and then you go on a lunch date together and said angel friend expresses his opinion of you and every word of it is like being simultaneously punched in the gut and kissed full on the lips because you can't believe he holds you so highly because you've done so many things that would prove otherwise and then you're alone and you want to kiss him but you can't because you DON'T KNOW IF HE FEELS THE SAME WAY AND DAMMIT—
"She… she had replicas of you, made specifically for the purpose of my lessons. I had to practice killing you, Dean. Again, and
"Cas, listen to me. Some stuff? You just gotta let go, okay? The people you let down, the ones you can't save—you gotta forget about 'em. For your own good." He tapped his forehead twice and gave Cas a 'sage' look.
“Ah—this is Liv. She’s your- nurse,” Cas stammers out, sitting back in his chair, and Dean is amused to see a faint blush rising on the once-angel’s cheeks. He smirks.
"No." Dean's face hardens, and he shakes his head, the red anger fading into a chilling glare, and he steps closer to Cas. "No, your
Dean watched the shaking angel, watched him whispering, and he thought he could hear his own name over and over again.
Jack chomps on his burger. It's only been a couple hours since the deal was made, since the hourglass turned over.
"Huh. Awfully quick to talk, Cas. Sure you aren't hiding something, like maybe you wanted to kiss someone else?" Dean stood up and prodded the angel's shoulder teasingly, causing Cas to stumble slightly, feeling a slight layer of heat settle on his skin. If angels could sweat, he imagined he would be.
Slamming the door shut, Sam walks up to his family. “Hey guys. Looking way better from when I last saw you.”
"You wanna try a bite of this?" Dean asked, jokingly, holding out a forkful of meatloaf. Yeah so what if the gesture was kinda flirtatious. The angel wouldn't understand the significance anyway, and Dean wasn't about to get scared off by somebody else's spit on his fork. Besides, Cas's spit was probably more hygienic than tap-water.
It's a bit too nerve-racking for Dean's liking. A song blinks in and out of Dean's thoughts, changing, morphing, a playlist on shuffle, but none of them seem to be a match for this new person. For some reason 'Bohemian Rhapsody' starts playing in the back of his conscience.
He can also feel the Californian ocean wind whipping his hair, and hear the other people enjoying the nice day. He starts to smile, hearing Dean’s whoop of pleasure, then stops, remembering what could happen. He suddenly feels sick.
himself to feel! Finally—he didn’t have to stamp down the feelings, he could revel in them and all their intoxicating hopes, and they were real, and it was over, and Cas could finally tell Dean everything. They could have...
back into his body when he awakes. It’s yet another perfect morning, birds singing in their trees and sunlight streaming in through the windows.
"Sam has like fifty-three bookshelves in his room, and I've got some old guns, a typewriter. Y'know," Dean shrugged. "The stuff that makes your room
Cas considers, then shrugs, soft hair tickling Dean’s earlobe. “I suppose. Still. It makes for a victorious ending. A good ending—not simply because it is
Turning around, he saw the disassembled pieces of his pistol, and sighing, reached over to put them back together.
Cas nodded, looking down at the adjustments, as if memorizing his position for future games. Dean bit his lip with hesitation.
Dean smiled softly, and turned the keys in the ignition, the Chevy Impala purring to life. "You want to go out to lunch before hitting the books?"
He grimaces at the sight of the half-melted butter. “I still do not understand the appeal in spreading strange chunks of cream onto foods.”
Love you guys, thank you for all your brilliant, thoughtful, wonderful comments. You make me smile so much, I can't thank ya enough.
Without hesitation, Cas stepped quickly in the direction of the bathroom door, and reached for the warm door handle. The angel could sense a movement behind him, and a weak
"No, Charlie—" Sam smiled, amused at her horrified expression. "It's fine, I didn’t dig too deep. But I was confused about one thing, because some people call them 'Destiel,' and some call them 'CasDean,' or 'DeanCas,' so—"
Thoughts paraded around his body, circling back and around in an endless spiral of repeating echoes that he couldn't quite make out, cascading through him, and though he felt nothing, it hurt just the same. It was worse than any anger.
John had said. His father had taught him many things, things no adult, much less a child, should have to know. But Dean had been excited to learn the famous billiard game, especially since it was the first
Since it ended up being a hot day, Dean had decided to take Miracle to the river to go swimming. It seemed every day was beautiful, no matter what season.
Dean mouths the last word to himself, smiling softly at the image of Cas’s bewildered face the first time he heard the nickname.
It was after Cas died, that Dean knew how it felt to be a ghost. Chasing his past, fighting for one chance to say all the things he'd never said, all the things he'd put off for another day.
And in that moment… he could hardly recall a time when he had seen Dean look more terrified. So he had stuffed his own aching hurt as far back as he could, even though he knew he'd regret it later.
Even then, the fallen angel had been resisting heaven's most strict regulations, simply because Dean Winchester
She continued without waiting for an answer, grabbing Dean's rough hand with her own soft fingers. "Follow your heart."
"—but finally, FINALLY—" Sam jabbed a satisfied finger at the both of them, and Dean was amused to see Cas looking just as confused as he was. "—you're here, and he's here, and I'm here, all in the same damn place and you are going to TALK."
the vampire hunts and the accidents and the demon possessions and— well the list could go on forever.
"What does that mean?" Cas turned his head away from the screen to ask, shifting his weight slightly. Dean almost didn't register the question, as it was suddenly very difficult to concentrate with Cas's warm knee pressing into his thigh.
Dean arrived at the Casa Valentine Inn in a happier mood than he could have thought possible. While Sam paid for their room, Cas helped him bring the duffle bags up the white-rung stairs, through a black door labeled with a fancy gold '7,' and into what was perhaps the girliest motel room he'd ever seen. And that was saying a lot, considering just how many motels he'd visited in his lifetime.
Cas presses most of the clean cloths to the wound, applying pressure with one hand. His other hand curls through Dean’s hair, fingers desperately trying to comfort the shaking man beneath them.
How was it possible that just last night they'd been together, laughing over disgusting food and then-
"I—" Cas heard more shuffling behind the door, and gave the door handle a small glare. Sam Winchester may be a great hunter, but he was certainly lacking skills in subtlety.
of material to get through. Charlie's list was long, and most of her notes took place in the later books. Still, Sam couldn't help feeling curious. He'd been watching Cas and Dean's staring contests for as long as he could remember, but he hadn't been around for their very first meeting.
Dean realized they hadn't decided on any further plans for the evening. There were so many things he wanted Cas to experience. So many things he wanted to
Pressing a hand to Dean’s abdomen, he’d thrust the blade upwards at the surprised entity. It wouldn’t kill the being, but he’d hoped the wound would delay it, and it must have worked, because somehow, he’d brought Dean Winchester into the light. Somehow, Jack had closed the void before the empty could retaliate. Somehow, they had gotten another chance to live.
“Yeah, pal, I get that. So, here’s what you’re gonna do. Make a fist with your hand, like a fist bump.”
as if he didn't mean it, as if he hadn't imagined every damn night what Cas would taste like, what he would
It sounded absurd, finding normalcy in an Angel of the Lord. Finding comfort in his touch, fondness in his smile. Finding irritation in the roll of his eyes, and familiarity in his closeness.
He holds onto Dean’s hand as long as he can. He dreams of strangers, frantically talking over his head, of watching Dean’s body being put on a white stretcher. He dreams of moving, and looking up at an unfamiliar ceiling, full of faces and bright lights and tubes.
So Sam had to sit in silent sweatiness for about half an hour before Dean finally came out of the shower wearing a red flannel and looking even more miserable than before.
Gritting his teeth, Cas stands to his full height, staring straight at the back of Dumah's vessel. It is astonishing, the
The feeling dissipates as Cas reaches his other hand to yank the cord on his bedside lamp, warming the room with a yellow glow. It’s almost like an entirely different dimension. Dean breathes. Neither of them say anything, because neither of them have to.
How do you find words for something so insignificant, when the only words that ever mattered have already been used up?
There's something about the frown on Janitor Boy's face… the defensive look, slightly nervous. But no name comes to mind as to the source of this stranger's undeniable familiarity.
As long as he was an angel, the empty would continue to chase him. They would never be left alone, never be safe. He was, after all, the Empty’s property… as an
Sam wakes up to a buzzing noise vibrating across the map-table's surface. He blinks tiredly, and drives a hand through his rumpled hair, squinting at the name on the screen, then picks up the call.
Dean's face brightened, and he strutted out of the room, fists raised in victory. "Awesome. This is. Awesome. Pack your bags, Cas, we're going to Hollywood."
Speechless in the silence that followed, Dean drove Baby through the static rain that must have started a few minutes ago, because it was downright pouring.
“I guess-” he breathes out a rattling laugh. “I guess this makes us a couple of dumbasses, huh- finally saying it on our freakin’ deathbed-”
Dean doesn’t realize the empty is standing behind him before it’s too late. Cas’s eyes widen in shock, mouth open in a silent warning, and Dean almost turns around. And then he feels it.
"You deserved better, when you fell, and I just kicked you out without even a pair of extra clothes, or even a credit card, and I…"
Cas had been waking up like this for close to five weeks now, but it’s still such a welcome surprise every morning.
Cas ignores the choking sob building inside his throat, ignores the creeping blackness inside his own thoughts, the fuzzy spots collecting inside every blink.
"I've taken you for granted." The words spilled from Dean, green eyes flickered to meet Cas's gaze, then turned away. "Dammit, Cas, so many,
This time the silence felt more painful than embarrassing. Neither of them knew what to say, but when Dean spoke next, his words were both curious, and spiteful.
Cas however, couldn't seem to find a single thing wrong with the room. He wandered about curiously, peering into closets and drawers, taking out a miniature bible and flipping vaguely through the pages.
The boy with the demon blood had become the man who saved the world, he'd become a brother, a friend, and now an adopted father to the devil's son.
But it is also the color that comes to the surface as Dean grips his fingers into Cas’s back, a back that once held wings and proof of an angel’s blue grace.
“So, you straddle it, like this,” he demonstrates by sitting on the front seat and gripping the handlebars. “Don’t worry, I’ll be doing most of the work.”
“Dean! I thought I heard the door open.” Jack steps out into the map room just as Dean steps off the last metal stair. The boy is holding a bowl of something and honestly Dean is too hungry to care what it is.
All at once, Dean’s attention is swiftly grabbed by an outdoor food stand that is advertising tiny burgers. “Wait, hold that thought, I’m hungry.”
Cas steps among the aisles, Dean following close behind with a basket. Cas turns around to inspect the items in Dean’s hand. “Dean, is that much sweets really necessary? You have…” he stops to count. “Three tins of pie, two chocolate cake mixes, a box of cookies, a bag of jolly ranchers, and
." Sam gestured at the both of them with a frenzied, almost hysterical, frustration. "THIS. This, this—EYE-sex, and the BICKERING and the—the—constant 'oh I just HAVE to stand two inches from his face' thing and—" he retreated into silent huffs and exasperated miming motions.
But it could be half a foot or ten miles away; Cas’s depth perception is completely thrown off. He starts to crawl anyway. Dean is behind that finish line.
Nodding, Cas meets his gaze, and Dean wonders if he’ll ever get tired of their color. No color is worthy of describing Cas… but blue, well.
Hope. Cas knows the feeling well. He's been holding onto it for more than a decade, after all, holding onto a fragile future that had no hope, a delicate relationship that that had no hope—
Dean had never loved anyone enough to do it himself, but he'd always wondered what it would be like, giving a real gift to someone truly important. He'd spent more hours than he cared to admit making lists of all the songs he'd put on a mixtape if he ever got lucky enough to find that someone.
A bored teenager—Chris, according to the nametag—greeted him from behind the register. "Hello what can I get for you this evening."
But still, even seeing Cas's reaction, Dean couldn't regret his words. His truth. The things left unsaid stay with us forever, but the truth, once revealed… Dean could do nothing but pray in agony for the rest of his life that it could all be forgotten: forget the realization, the knowledge that his truth was the most unfortunate and self-destructive thing he possessed, for it could never be healed or changed or realized. Only opened, and torn into with ferocity and inevitable disappointment.
If you asked me three months ago if I thought about co-writing a whole 90k word fanfic, I would’ve spit on your shoe or something.
Cas feels a dark, fluttering feeling. He stutters as he speaks. “Well, we, uh, we still don’t know where Dark Kaia is. Or the spear.”
Shifting positions so they sit face to face, Dean cups his hand lovingly around his bondmate’s cheek, and he’s never felt this insanely happy, and he’s never felt this good. He presses his forehead to Cas’s, needing to be closer.
about that night, not after what happened. But Sam had been around John Winchester long enough to know when the man was lying through his teeth. And even better, Sam knew when his
Cas bent over slightly, biting his bottom lip in concentration and Dean had to look away. The image was far too similar to—no. Those were the types of things he couldn't think about.
He feels a stinging tear slide its way down his cheeks, landing soundlessly in Dean’s mussed and bloody hair.
Wow. Sam took a deep breath. He felt more exhausted than he had in a long time. But he couldn't stop now, not when things were really starting to make sense. That Valentine's day had always bothered him. Besides the whole demon blood thing, obviously.
"The things you said, the things I heard you say to me—" Cas's voice broke, weak and low, and Dean could see the angel's hand shaking.
No one was paying them any attention whatsoever, whether from lack of sobriety or simple disinterest, but Dean couldn't help feeling slightly self-conscious standing with Cas around the abandoned pool table.
Dean thought hopefully, glancing over at Cas. He imagined what it would be like to wake up in the morning, and see the angel in the bunker's kitchen, making coffee or talking with Jack. Discussing lore with Sam. Smiling when Dean would walk in, give him a mug of coffee, and Dean could live his day just knowing that Cas would be there. That he wouldn't have to pray to the angel every time he wanted to see him, he could just
Dean let his head tilt backwards against the hard bed frame, and closed his eyes. He could see it all, the stars reflected in the black of Baby's roof, the pleading softness in Cas's eyes, the tilted face, the words, those
The steady beeping of the machines are calming, in a way. Evidence that Dean is alive. And Cas knows he won’t let go of Dean’s hand… not now, and not ever.
Cas vanished before Sam could say anything more, but the hunter thought he could detect a slight redness in the angels' eyes.
particular popcorn mix doesn’t include raw onions. Cas’s breath smells warm and buttery as he speaks, and Dean wonders if tonight’s kisses will once again be a new favorite flavor.
But Castiel knew that if given the choice, between spending an eternity with an endless supply of grand novels, or spending a century reading that one footnote, again and again and again… he knew he'd choose the footnote.
Sam felt bad ending the call in the middle of her happy chattering but he honestly hadn't understood most of what she'd been saying. Also, his eardrum did
The nurse, Liv, rushes over and presses a firm hand against Castiel’s chest. He is dismayed to notice that her gentle pressure is more than enough to stop his weakened body from getting up.
“Sammy, something’s wrong,” Dean says when the ringing is finally replaced by the sleepy tone of his brother.
And these things felt so good, so natural, but Dean knew he was only setting himself up for more pain, because Cas
Cas made a soft noise in the back of his throat, a stifled sob, as if he'd known this was coming and couldn't keep in the tears any longer.
But the physical pain felt so distant, so insignificant, compared to the pounding, throbbing thoughts.
Cas tastes salt as a tear slips in through his own half-smile, and he presses a quaking kiss to Dean’s forehead. “The next time I say it you’re going to be okay, Dean, you’re going to be alive, and we’ll have plenty of time to say it, and—”
Dean was starting to get pissed. He hated being backed into a corner, especially a corner that dealt with…
under his breath, and Cas reconsidered the menu. There were salads. That was obviously out, since Cas wasn't feeling particularly suicidal. There were several different sandwiches, soups, and burgers, along with fries. But Dean had always eaten those things.
“Yeah. I guess— why all the questions, Cas?” Dean chuckles, pulling slightly away from his angel’s warm body. Cas’s face looks stonier than it should.
“These are all songs that have reminded me of us when I hear them.” Cas confesses, as a familiar tune begins playing in Dean’s left ear.
He must have known what Dean was asking. He must have known the consequences he might face: death, at the very least.
exhausting. We’ve already been through this before, but I suppose you don’t remember it, so I’ll spare you the liberty and explain anyway."
Dean raised his eyebrows at the angel. "Did you actually just threaten to blackmail my brother if he isn't okay with my sexuality?"
Cas wondered if this was all some cruel, cosmic joke. "Heh," Dean chuckled in his ear. "Remind you of anything,
To hell with it. Cas probably didn't even understand the human implications of their position. He let go anyway, but didn't step back.
," Dean hissed, not caring that he was muttering to himself in an empty room. "Well then what am I supposed to do? I can't have what I want, and I'm not—" his voice broke, chest crumpling inwards. "—I'm never going to be able to tell him—I just—"
Charlie gathers the crumpled pages in her hands and steps quietly out of the bedroom, attempting to not make any noise.
And sometimes he slept, but it felt more like half dreaming, half wakeful loneliness, until he couldn't tell the difference between his dream-Deans and his thought-Deans. One time, Dean told him "
On the other hand… if Charlie had been able to figure out Dean and Cas's obvious chemistry by reading 'Carver Edlund's' not-so-popular book series depicting their lives, then maybe he
Dean Winchester is saved. Those were the first words he had spoken regarding the Righteous man. And he knew it was likely they would be the last words he ever said, the last thing he ever did.
Sam, however, didn't hear much for the rest of the day, thanks to Charlie's high-pitched shriek over the phone when he revealed the plan.
"I never knew that, Dean," Cas tucked the tape back inside his chest pocket. "You don't talk about your parents much."
So Dean smiled as warmly as he could, and gripped the wheel tighter, forcing himself to act cheerier than he felt.
He whispers the last word into Dean’s ear, lingering just for a moment before pulling back, and Dean finds himself incapable of forming a sentence.
Startled out of his reverie, Dean met the angel's blue eyes, soft as ever. God, he'd missed that stare. And Dean knew then, sooner or later, Cas would leave him, just like everyone else in his life.
Dean raised his eyebrows, and playfully jabbed at the angel's bare arm, prompting an indignant squint from Cas.
"—anyway, I gotta go Old Man, Kaia's got a handful of—" the call cut off the rest of Claire's squeal, and Dean growled in frustration.
Dean looked shaken. Hesitant."Sure you won't go fluttering off again to start up a new 'Revolutionary Parade for Rogue Angels?' Joking. Good.
Cas retreated to the bathroom, glancing curiously behind him before shutting the door. Dean gave him a grin, and a thumbs up, and flopped back down on the bed stomach first, watching the title screen of
"She's fine. She'll visit in a day or two," Sam assures him, and sighing, settles down into a seat. "She's beautiful Dean, and you should see her with a blade," Sam laughs, remembering. "Almost stabbed me when we first met— she thought
he would have kissed Cas hard and rough, he would have grabbed that stupid trenchcoat in both hands and he would have
Simple, mundane tasks, but Cas had let himself feel almost happy. He'd almost gone over the edge. And so he'd left, that night. Quietly, and unnoticed, he'd slipped out the front door, leaving Dean in the kitchen where he'd been making popcorn for the both of them. Dean had been humming, and Cas remembered standing outside of the bunker's door, the seconds feeling more like hours, feeling Dean's happiness absorb their bond in a glow of warmth.
So this chapter is mostly Blu's beautiful work,  and damn, ya'll are lucky I have such a merciful co-author, cause this chapter is pure happiness thanks to them. (!!!!!! something you're not used to, I know)
But now, sitting in a hospital bed, saved from both death and from the worst kind of agony, he finally understands the saying…. The similarity between lightness of flight, and the lightness he feels in his chest… It is the perfect metaphor.
Dean's head snapped around, to where Cas was standing about a foot away, his belt buckle staring straight at Dean's head level. The hunter took a breath, and pinched his brow.
Breathing heavily, Dean returned to devouring the burger, giving Cas a stubborn grin as he finished swallowing a bite after only 3 chews, and Cas sighed in exasperation.
By the time Dean gets back to the bunker, he’s starving. Cas called a few hours ago, and Dean hadn’t felt the need to lie. He just hadn’t told the truth either.
Fear that Dean would lose interest in him. Fear that Dean wouldn't care. Fear that Dean would feel like a stranger. And the constant fear that he would never again feel their bond.
p.s. charlie and i are going to be starting a new fic after this one is done, so, watch out for that in the coming weeks!!
Sam slumped heavily in his chair, breathing out a truly exhausted sigh before shutting his laptop closed. He felt his eyelids flutter shut, then snapped them open again.
For one foolish moment, he thinks the entity had simply punched him. A hard hit, no doubt, and to the small of his back. It would hurt later. Once the adrenaline wore off. Nothing he hadn’t handled before.
“But I know, I know— there are still so many things between us. Worries. Doubts.” Cas bites his lip, and lifts a finger to gently wipe away Dean’s tears.
She'd walked over, tentatively. She'd asked him if he was okay. Dean barely registered the question.
Dean snapped out of his thoughts to see the angel waiting patiently for new instructions. He took a breath and hefted his own stick.
A small, dim part of himself wonders what the lady must have been thinking: coming into to clean another motel room. An ordinary day. Only to find a frozen man, sitting amongst a pile of rainbow colored shards.
, instead of just his own weirdly-patterned bed. He'd felt at home almost immediately, although it took Sam a while to stop considering the bunker as 'temporary.'
Cas’s head hits the black coldness once again, his last thought of Dean, still alone in that motel room, right where he’d left him.
"Well…. You said there was nothing of interest currently airing, Dean. And besides. There is always so much more to learn about the insect population. They still amaze me,"….
he whispers as his head falls backwards, the cold air wafting into the cut on his throat. It feels far too icy.
Cas shouldn't have said those things. He shouldn't have said any of the things he'd said, because it was all
"I'm sorry if I did not respond in the appropriate manner," Cas said, as if once again, reading Dean's thoughts. "This gift—it is the first one I have ever received." Cas stared down at his hands, as if his confession was something to be ashamed about. "I did not
"I know Dean. Just please let's drop it." Even Cas could hear the stiffness in his own words, but Dean continued to stammer belligerently onwards.
He'd shoved away the urge, obviously, laughed it off as a reaction to his secret fetish. That's all it had been. He'd have reacted the same even if a
He had spent a third of his day haunted by these questions. Another third was spent with his regrets. Yes, he had been useless without his powers. But he could have
"Can I tell you a secret, Dean, if you promise not to tell another soul?" The angel sounded almost like he was joking.
He walked over to the shattered lamp and the unmade beds, almost grateful for the messes he'd created. At least it would give him something to do.
Sam attempted to look exasperated, as if he had already explained himself thoroughly and couldn't see what the problem was.
"Oh! No, nothing like that," she assured him. "Chris just, I guess he just thought your order was a little…abnormal, that's all."
IMPORTANT: part of this section is based on a twitter post I saw a while back. I'm posting the link here, to give the author full credit.
A long, hot, shower later and Charlie is in Cas’s ex-room. As she sits on the bed, something crinkly tickles her leg.
Dean snatched a fry off his plate and immediately understood why all the girls were willing to come here. "Damn—Cas, man you gotta try these fries."
Cas glanced up from his bent position, looking slightly offended. "As I said before. Humans and their compliments. Perhaps you should take
understand the significance hidden in the simple gift of a personalized mixtape? It was just music. Just words. Cas probably expected frickin gold-nuggets, or baskets of ambrosia. Whatever that was.
He feels his hands shaking as Cas’s long fingers pull at the edge of Dean’s white t-shirt, sliding it off with simple ease, and Dean
Cas gave his best smile back, but it felt forced and he wondered if Dean could tell. He was glad Dean's forgiveness could so often be achieved through the simple language of food, that their friendship had survived, and was on the way towards healing.
Val Kilmer was stepping out from under the trees, smoking a cigarette, and Dean smiled a bit at the famous line.
A mop of dyed-green hair dips its way out of the car, revealing a shorter kid with brown eyes and chocolate skin. “Hiya, Castiel! Jack’s told me a lot about you.”
Dean grabs a towel to clean up the spewed coffee and pats Cas on the shoulder. “Don’t worry about it. You’ll uh- well— you’ll find out eventually.”
But God, Dean doesn't care. More than that— he loves these things. Because they are not ugly and they are not a part to be ignored. They are Cas. And they are his, to look at, and to remember.
And yet, there Cas had waited for the Righteous Man, standing behind the counter of a dingy Gas N' Sip, because as much as it hurt, being Dean's disposable assistance was preferable to the alternative.
He wondered sometimes how Dean could find such child-like joy in the little things, like water pressure and cherry pie. Although neither of them had ever had a childhood, Sam sometimes found that Dean could be more childlike than most adults he'd met. In a good way, of course. Alive, and vibrant with life. Appreciative of the small joys, easily excited.
Dean and Cas moved to Vermont and opened a B&B: serving as a rest stop for hunters and civilians alike. It’s a large airy light-blue house with tall windows and oak trees and big lawns surrounding it. Cas has a vegetable and herb garden in the back, with an orchard beyond. They have guinea pigs, and chickens, and Dean is constantly catching his dorky husband having one-sided conversations with the feathered things while collecting the morning eggs.
Cas nodded, but Dean thought he could see a shining wetness in the angel's eyes that hadn't been there before.
Jack stops him with a hand on his shoulder, reminiscent of a certain angel. He looks Dean in the eyes. “Dean. I can do it. For Cas.” A faint smile lifts the boy’s lips. “He is my dad, after all.”
And in that crucial moment, when life turns to death, one second living, the next gone, washed from existence…
Dean catches Cas’s eye and smiles. It’s been long; too long, since their whole family has been together.
A dark silhouette grabs hold of Cas’s wrist and pulls him forward, but they don’t collide; in a small explosion of black goop, and the quiet shatter of the bedside lamp, the two are gone.
“So? Still the cutest.” Dean shrugs as he hauls a suitcase out of the trunk. “Jesus, I’m getting old, can’t even lift a fucking
Eventually, Lawrence locals would begin to gossip about the dark haired man, standing near an honorary gravestone, trenchcoat fluttering faintly in the breeze, dripping puddles in the rain—until those townspeople too, did not exist any more, and the headstone crumbled into dust and the dust was lifted from the ground, and still…
is Eileen’s,” he signs the words as well as speaking them. After 6 years of being married, Sam is almost as fluent in ASL as Eileen.
And Dean sometimes feels as if he understands how the angels felt: when they lost their only guidance, when they fell from the only life they'd ever known.
She'd chuckled a bit at that. Which was good, because Dean had meant it to be taken with a bit of humor. That was his favorite thing about the her. She wasn't oblivious to pain, but she'd been through enough shit herself to know that a bit of trauma-deprecating humor is oftentimes more welcome than a sympathetic apology.
“Old room? Why isn’t he using it anymore?” Charlie picks up her bags and steps down the hallway, Sam following suit.
"I fear my reputation has forever destroyed any chance I previously had of finding an angelic mate, Dean. So, no, if that is what you are asking: I haven't found anyone yet."
Sam nods at Charlie and thrusts both arms beneath Dean’s limp body, struggling to heft his brother to his feet. “Keep your hand pressed there-” and Dean complies weakly, one hand slung over Sam’s tall shoulders, the other splayed across his abdomen.
Anyway, I hope you all are doing okay today. I loved writing this chapter, so I hope you love reading it :)
A bewildered dark haired angel in cuffed jeans opened the door, and squinted her sky eyes at Castiel. "What were you doing, just now?"
Then it happens, and Cas isn’t sure whether he should feel relieved or devastated. He feels it: terror. Rolling off of Dean, striking friction through the bond, and Cas sucks in a breath, trying desperately to fill his crumpled lungs with air. Trying desperately not to fall to the floor right then and there, because now he knows the truth—
You have no idea how very very happy your comments make me. even the jibberish ones, I just love reading them, and I wake up every morning excited to reply to every single one BECAUSE I LOVE YA'LL SO MUCH. I am so grateful.
Dean frowned, puzzled by Cas's odd questions. "I mean, yeah. Why all the questions, Cas? You want to dress up as a cowboy again or something?"
It doesn’t seem appropriate. Dying in broad daylight. But the world won’t stop, even for its saviors.
"You know what, man?" Dean paused, and looked at him. "I think you're having a midlife crisis." he pointed a ketchup-doused fry at the angel.
Dean remembered all the times Cas had left him, died for him, and more than that he remembered all the months after. How many times he'd stared at himself in the bathroom mirror, seeing Cas's face streaked with black veins, stumbling into that lake, Cas's face bloody and torn, beaten by his own corrupt hands.
Rolling his eyes, Sam straightened up and flipped his laptop shut. Cas was staring after Dean, looking almost… regretful.
He’s never had to give comfort in this way. Never allowed himself the luxury of touching Dean, not like this.
"Oh." Cas fixed his attention back to the screen, and Dean was amused to notice that for once, the angel had
"I thought someone woulda tried to buy you a new outfit by now, at the very least. Your angel buddies must be tired of seeing that old thing," He gestured dramatically at Cas's trenchcoat.
It wasn't long before Charlie returned with their food—and a plan. She'd obviously spent the drive thinking it over, and making a mental list in her head, which was good, because Sam had no idea where to start. Finding Dean's secret note-stash had been a daunting task on its own, but now that he knew about Chuck's books…so much to do, and so little time.
Dean meets Cas’s gaze once again, and he wonders if this beautiful beginning will ever fully set in, or if it will always feel new.
Leaning in, Dean presses a kiss to his angel’s lips, and Cas grabs hold of Dean’s wrist. Their noses bump, but neither of them notice.
shirt—draped across Cas's back: a back that had once held wings. He memorized the curves of Cas's fingers, the gently curled hands that had once pulled a man from Hell, the hands that had pieced that man back together, from the smallest toenail to the tiniest freckle.
Cas's voice was raw. "I.. Wish that I could, Sam. Especially for—but I can't abandon my duty. Perhaps I will be able to visit. Nothing more."
that's what Charlie had said once. Dean feels the corners of his lips lifting and he shakes his head, amused at the memory.
So… Blu: Thanks for being YOU, right from the beginning. Thanks for being the reason I smile. Thanks for texting me about small things, and big things, and explaining references, and asking me random questions, because I love that shit so much.
The other side of the large bed remained smooth and cold, covers folded neatly under a straightened pillow.
Liv sighs, and re-adjusts the tubes. “I really should have expected this— after the other one’s reaction. He did the same thing you know, soon as he woke up. Actually—” she frowns at her wrist watch, “just about an hour ago. We had to bring in the doctor and another nurse just to keep him from leaping out of the bed.”
The woman from before steps out from a shadowy corner. “Struggling will do nothing. I am here to help you.”
Forcing a smile, she jotted down the order, but knocked over their water glasses on the way back. Dean only chuckled, and helped her soak up the spillage.
Liam who constantly called Dean a “ladies’ man.” Who very clearly looked up to Dean and saw himself in Dean, found out Dean is gay, or bisexual. He found out Dean is married to a
Castiel nods. “That’s because—” Dean clears his throat, interrupting Castiel again. Castiel pauses. “That’s my... maiden name,” he finishes lamely.
“Yeah yeah, loverboy. Go make your moves.” She waved him off and turned to leave. “Have a nice night, I’ll see you in the morning. With a shovel.”
Dean threw on his jacket after locking up his chest. “I’m cooking dinner. The kid’s staying at my brother’s tonight. I think Sammy’s more excited than any of us.”
Cas hummed. “Jack mentioned he did one with Claire last time he visited. He enjoyed it.” They loaded up the last of the groceries, Cas’ new toiletries, Sam’s rabbit food, and a frozen pie that called Dean's name. Dean put the cart away with the others, when he returned Cas was leaning against the Impala. Looking gorgeous and in a significantly better mood than earlier. Dean had hoped the shopping trip would cheer him up.
“Adopted,” Dean blurts. And now it sounds like they went and adopted a kid together, platonically. Which is essentially what they did. “Cas’ brother’s,” he adds. “He’s in, uh, jail.”
But he also left them for days with hardly enough money for food, Dean would never do that to Jack. John gave Dean a gun and said “take care of Sammy” cause if anything happened to him, it would be Dean’s fault. Dean was just a kid, who was there to protect
The next couple hours went on without much entertainment. The bell chimed close to three, and every head turned toward the sound. The double doors blocked the site of whoever entered the lobby. But eventually they crept open revealing a dark haired man, and a teen. They looked a little lost.
Will looks over at him, he adjusts the trucker hat he’s wearing. “No shit,” he says. “Didn’t peg you as one of them.”
“Nah I wouldn’t let him keep that piece of shit around.” His hand paused at the headlight. Liam thought of the man who dropped it off. He had grumbled and acted as if taking his car to the shop was Liam’s fault. And begrudgingly referred to the Lincoln Continental as his wife’s car. Despite Dean’s earlier insults, he touched the car as if it held meaning. “Now he’s got a minivan. Says it’s safer for the kid. Whatever, he looks like a soccer mom.”
“Ah!” Claire lights up. Swiftly, she yanks open the driver door, turning off the engine, and hops out. Claire opens the trunk with the key, and pulls out a gray and black bag. The contents of the bag are undisclosed, but she eventually pulls out a plastic green square. “I knew Dean was a freak,” she says shutting the trunk.
Dean takes the spoon from Jack before he chokes on it and throws it in the bin by the stall. Jack reaches over the table and grabs one of the red glass jars decorated with strawberry ribbons. “Careful.” Dean goes to reach for it, but Jack holds it closer to his chest.
Standing before him is a very impressionable very powerful little boy, who believes Dean invented the sun and that he personally goes to raise it every morning. A small-mini-Dean Winchester. Dean Winchester who is a killer, a liar, a cheat—someone who only knows how to express anger—
Most evenings, after dinner, Cas takes advantage of Dean being home and the cooler weather and tends to his plants. Dean has Jack run around and get all his energy out before bed. He loves to pick up his plastic toy gardening tools and help his dad. Jack walks to each plant, to “water” it with his pink watering can, touches its leaves gingerly, and then pats the dirt gently. Each one he does that to. Then when he finishes that chore, he finds sticks and leaves and buries them in his own little dirt pile. He uses his little plastic shovel to pack in the dirt and his can to “water” it. He beams proudly and Cas tells him he did a good job and that his plants are going to grow nice and strong.
She gestures to her desk. She slides into her office chair, the two men infront of her situate themselves in the seats she brought in for the conference. Castiel sits, almost stiffly, not bothering to part with his overcoat, studying everything in her room with scrutiny. The taller one—Dean—relaxes back into his seat. Quite the odd pair.
“Well he’s a good kid, you know,” Dean says. He looks over to the kitchen. On the chair, Jack’s sitting on his knees eating the eggs and sausage, the small purple fork held in his little fist as he semi-aggressively stabs his meal.
“We talk about our kids all the time. I know all about the kid. And I know about his wife.” This was James.
She takes the phone from him, and looks at it closer. “Oh, he’s handsome. And you two aren't, you know…?”
If Jack had full control of his powers, he would have broken through the seat belt and been halfway to the door by now. In fact, Jack had used his powers to unbuckle himself before, but Cas had realized before Jack was aware he was free. He hadn’t figured out how to do it again, luckily, but Dean’s still wary.
Dream Jack was older, his hair the same color but styled similarly to Cas’. His Jacket was one of Dean’s and the look in his eyes was also Dean’s. Dream Jack sold his soul to save somebody, he never found out who. But the look on Jack’s face when he told him, told him he sold his soul... He was scared. But he kept saying, “it’s the right thing, Dean.”
Sunday morning, Dean joins Cas and Jack in the living room for their daily yoga routine that he normally misses due to work, or by finding something productive to do like fixing the bathroom sink that is not really broken.
The bell, above the door, chimed obnoxiously, signalling another human-interaction she’ll have to grit her teeth through. Biting back a groan, and turned toward the guest.
“We live together.” He’s not sure why he decided to share more. “We’re raising him together, but we’re just friends.” He’s trying so hard to explain to make it seem normal but he feels himself digging a grave and being found out. Found out? Found out that Sam was right and he is in love with his best friend? God, why can’t he just be normal about this.
Dean looks behind him, half expecting a little half-human-angel to appear right behind him, fully awake due to the ruckus he’s causing at two in the morning.
Dean gets to work on the vehicle. Sometimes fixing cars is the only thing that makes any sense to him. One would think getting lost in a task so familiar would help distract him from his thoughts, but it has the opposite effect on him. Being there, underneath a three thousand pound vehicle, sweat pouring down his back, it’s the only place he can actually think clearly.
“Aw, look at you.” She shoved him gently and laughed when a blush snuck its way up his neck. “Well enjoy your alone time.” She wagged her eyebrows. “You deserve it.”
Dean apparently can't get him out fast enough, because by the time he parks and opens Jack’s car door, Jack’s attempting to pry himself out of the seat, held back only by the simple man made toddler car seat-seatbelts. Humans-1. Baby Nephil… also 1. Dammit.
“You’re just jealous that when I tried to teach you, you sucked.” He took a bite of his own food and spoke. “Cas is a much better student.”
Dean places the bag of diner food on the breakroom table. He bought them both cheeseburgers. If he had to pay for it he got to choose it, too. Not that Kathryn seems to mind, as she smiles widely pulling her foam container out of the plastic bag.
She made eye-contact with Sam again. This time he gave her the bitch face. Ah. So he caught on. He smiled and shook his head.
No, no way, Hannah thought. If he wasn’t married, what was all the poetry talk about last week? “Well I helped him pick out Cas’ anniversary gift, so I think it’s safe for me to say he’s married.” Hannah’s fingers slipped gently across the table, feeling each individual ridge in the wooden table. Dean’s hands similarly scratched at the table when they talked last week.
Jack runs out of his room, his little black converse patting on the hardwood. He would never admit it out loud, but Dean had almost shed real man tears the first time he saw baby shoes in the store, they were just so damn small. Jack has paired his shirt with a mini blue flannel, his sleeves unrolled, reaching his wrists.
“Yeah last week, I came home early and they were watching it in the living room. They claim they fastforward over the ‘sex parts’ but it just don’t sit right with me.” Dean gestures for James to get behind the wheel. “They even had a stripper scene, Jamie.
They manage to make it to Cas with only three extra stops after the jam lady. One of those he makes it out without purchasing anything, the others find him with three peaches and a cherry pie.
Reading about her angel-possessed-corpse dad (Cas hated when she called him that) and her weird pseudo-murder-dad (Dean also hated this) flirting was almost unbearable, but not as bad as witnessing it live. And after realizing that both parties were utterly oblivious, she decided to meddle, so she wouldn’t have to witness the pining anymore. Just for that reason. Not that she cared if they were happy and sappy and in love.
Dean made certain to get a picture of Sam passed out, Eileen's Headband keeping his hair back, and a white and pink unicorn mask covering his face. Eileen made it her phone background. And in return she sent Dean a picture. In the picture, Jack had his legs resting across the Cas and Dean’s laps, watching the movie intently. Cas was asleep on Dean's shoulder, his panda mask slipping down his face and leaving a wet spot on Dean’s t-shirt. Dean had a soft smile on his face. Gross, when did he get so
Because Dean doesn’t want to gossip about his problems right now anyway. He doesn’t need a pity party. He doesn’t need a fucking shrink.
Cas frowns and looks away momentarily. “Well, I think being as old as I am, I’m entitled to some aging.” He jokes, halfheartedly.
, goes unspoken. Something grips and tightens around Dean’s heart about the size of two little toddler hands.
“Dude, shut the hell up, we’re not— I didn’t mean it like that.” Dean shakes his head, gripping the counter. “I meant, I started—they came back.”
Johnston kneels down to shake his hand. “Well, aren’t you a little angel?” He asks with a rough voice from years of smoking.
“I’m sorry,” she says as politely as possible. Her years of customer service before she became a teacher are kicking in. “Is there an issue I am unaware of?”
Cas had gone to the bathroom after breakfast to brush his teeth, one of the many human habits he’s not used to. He’d been using Dean's bathroom since he hasn’t gotten his own stuff yet. Dean had walked in and found the absolute dork squeezing the Colgate directly onto his tongue, and like a lot of it. And his other hand held Dean’s toothbrush, which… gross. Had he been using that all week? Dean really needs to go to the store and get Cas his own shit.
“Cas is definitely the name of his wife. He even said Jack was just like her.” Maggie stared bullets at Liam and Liam stared back, leaning in further. Every Thursday night they did this. Nobody really liked Liam, but Maggie always made it especially clear she would leave him in a burning building.
Dean wakes with a start. His shirt clings to his chest, as he tries to get his breathing under control. He uses his sheet to wipe his face and the back of his neck, before pulling the sheets off of him. Dean stands and checks his phone, it’s Saturday, one in the morning. Quietly, he inches  to Jack’s door, peeking in just enough to see he’s still there, sleeping soundly. Then he almost closes his eyes when he gets to Cas’ door. He holds his breath until he sees his sleeping form breathing steadily, drenched under the moonlight pouring in through the window.
“I apologize,” she says. And because she can’t help her curiosity, she asks, “Um, when I checked your daughter’s ID, I noticed her last name was also different… Novak?” Because why not? She is curious, and the meeting is already a disaster.
“Oh thank god, I was afraid he called emergency services.” Cas pauses for a second. “How are you, Dean?” he asks, softly, worried.
Dean goes straight to the kitchen after washing up. He begins pulling out all the necessary ingredients for an apple pie. He still has some of the cherry pie in the fridge, but this is more for something to do than it is for a craving.
James wiped his hands and began packing up his own tools. Dean enjoyed talking about his kid. It was one thing he and James bonded over when Dean started working at the repair shop a year ago. And, unfortunately, that was the extent of their similarities. Both being Dads with teen kids. But it was a good way to keep friendly conversation going during the long work days. When you got him talking, he could go on forever. He was damn proud of Jack, that much he was sure of.
Liam pulled out his phone. “Okay fine, why don’t we just ask him.” He yelped when Maggie kicked his shin.
“It’s embarrassing.” Cas turned and started pushing the cart further down the aisle, toward the toothbrushes.
He turns away but stays rooted outside Cas’ door. He doesn’t know if he should try to get more sleep, or give it up and make some coffee.
“Though I guess you could say he is the mom.” Dean snorts. “Only reason he’s not here is because somebody had to watch Jack.” He glances around the room, before tossing the folder haphazardly onto her desk.  “I think he got the better end of the deal.” He begins spinning the fidget spinner again.
“Looks like Cas is here.” He nods to the door, adjusting Jack on his hip—who is currently kicking his legs around trying to run after his dad. “Thanks for letting him come.”
Hannah set her beer down and took a seat next to Maggie. Maggie looked up and exchanged a smile for the other beer in her hand.
Cas’ face is rough under his palms, his unshaven face scratches against Deans. Cas wraps his arms around his back. Dean moves his hand to Cas’ hair, flour from his hands transfer, dusting him in white. It feels like everything he’s ever done has led to this moment.
If they made instruction manuals on how to deal with this type of situation, Dean would buy like ten. Honestly, if he asked Sam about it, he’d probably send him like 5 links on dealing with your sexuality. And really this isn’t what he needs right now. He needs to deny it, because it isn’t true. Right. Dean and Cas are not married, so what is the point in letting them believe they are?
“I’m sorry, but due to safety reasons, I can’t let him go with you,” Emma says. “Are you on his pick-up list? Or perhaps we can call your parents.”
Sam busted out laughing again, his side salad forgotten. Jack looked confused, trying to follow along. “Chuck’s books?” Jack asked.
“Sam informed me, that if you try to get me to buy 5-in-1 anything, that I must insist you do not ‘push your heteronormative toxic masculinity agenda onto me.’” The entire sentence was absolute horse-shit but Cas using air quotes for literally every word made it that much more ridiculous.
Dean could feel Cas's blue eyes watching him closely, carefully. Once he got started, it was easier to keep going.
Dean tries to listen to the story, he really does, especially with Sam being so excited. But something nags at him, something Sam had said, and he can't figure it out until Cas walks into the map room, his hair still mussed from sleep.
"But—" she reached over, stealing the laptop, and ignoring Sam's protests, began typing something in the search bar. "—once we've done that, we still have to figure out a way to show Cas how Dean really feels, and vice-versa. It can't be too obvious, and it can't be too embarrassing, cause we all know Dean doesn't do well with awkward situations."
forgotten the pie?" he walked out of the room, ducking slightly beneath the low-hanging doorframe with a muttered complaint: something about 'short people.' Dean grinned.
It had been the worst kind of agony, standing outside the rift. Waiting. Hoping. Sam couldn’t see inside the blackness, he couldn’t hear anything.
And I got this…. Feeling. That this would be no cheap thing: this friendship would be, as you said,  profound.
Cas shrugged his head slightly. "I didn't want to crease it. But other than the removal of the vest, I slept and worked in the same outfit."
A double-bacon cheeseburger awaits Dean on the shiny kitchen counter. “Aw, hell yes,” he shuffles his hands together and grins.
He had once again become the source of Dean Winchester's unhappiness, just another problem, another job, another stressful situation Dean didn't deserve.
"What?" Dean stood in the doorway, stone cold. Cas met Dean's eyes, apologies written in his expression. Dean understood there would be no negotiating.
Swallowing, Dean nodded. "Good, I—I'm glad. But uh—" He patted Cas on the shoulder before opening his car door. "You need to invest in better friends. Your
He whispers a silent prayer to the angel, one of many, many prayers he’s said today. He lost count long ago, but the pain of Castiel’s name still hasn’t faded. It hurts just to say it. Hurts even more to imagine what it must have been like—for Cas to hear those things, and know full well that hearing them would cost more than tears.
So he found the nearest alleyway, and walked to the diner from there. The room was warm, and smelled of fresh tomatoes, and french fries and burgers. Cas had always liked diners. They possessed a certain… warmth. And no matter which diner you went to, no matter how far apart, the warmth was always there, familiar and beckoning.
"Okay first of all, I really wish you hadn't done that, because it's caused me quite a bit of trouble," Janitor Boy frowns. "Secondly, I didn't see you through the security cameras, I—"
He can hear Sam shouting something. He sees a blurred flash of red hair swoop down in front of them, a small, pale hand drowns itself in dark blood, and Cas's head tilts lethargically to one side, his body threatening to fall on top of Dean's. Being in the Empty had drained his energy as an angel, now that he is out, the effects linger, digging into his weakened human-body without mercy.
to be a good man. Besides," Cas noted in a firm, determined tone, "I have acquired a moderate amount of dirt on your brother throughout the years. I am sure he would not have anything unkind to say to you, when he himself has been keeping secrets of his own."
Cas was standing at attention as always, hands dangling by his sides, and head tilted in that squinty-eyed expression of Cas-like confusion.
But with beauty comes the inseparable anxiety, the knowledge that someday, you might lose the beauty, might fall out of its orbit: you might fuck up so badly, that beautiful thing won't be yours to look at anymore.
"I thought we could try something new tonight," Cas frowned, and honestly, he looked so adorable Dean didn't have the heart to complain. So he just sighed, and sat down at the table, much to Cas's obvious delight.
It didn't matter if Dean did not care for him in the same way. Dean was the only thing he had, along with Jack and Sam.
"Dean." Cas reached across and gripped Dean's wrist before he could grab for the nearest distraction.
"If you like cowboys so much, why don't you wear cowboy hats or boots?" Cas asked, still not taking his eyes away from the TV.
But Sam's curiosity had never been something that died out easily. And that's when he'd noticed that no matter how many sheets of paper Dean crumpled up and tossed in the wastebasket, those crumpled balls were never seen again. And Dean never took out the trash.
"And I KNOW," she smiled, reading Dean's thoughts. " It sounds cliché. But just try it, and all the rest figures itself out. Now I don't know who the lucky lady—or
Not that that stopped him from wanting to know what his brother was up to… but he'd had enough experience dealing with Sam's lies to know that when Sam wanted to keep a secret, no amount of prodding on his part would get the truth out.
Sam turns around, a panicked expression on his face, and he snaps the phone closed, joining Charlie at his brother’s side. “An ambulance is on its way but it’s a long drive— we’re going to meet them halfway, so I need you to go move the car from the garage out to the front of the road.” His voice is firm and leveled, but Cas can hear a barely controlled edge of hysteria in the younger Winchester’s breaths.
The lamp, so easily repaired by Castiel's own hands just the night before, now lay once again in broken shards upon the carpet. Dean saw now, the rainbow-colored swirls of stained-glass that made up the body of the lamp, their iridescent colors glinting sharply in the cast morning light.
“You mean the one you’re working on for Cas and I, right?” Dean says with mock-innocence. “Remind me— what does it look like again?”
"Well…" Sam tried to act casual. "You two can go investigate the town. You know, ask the locals, look into missing persons, the usual."
Dean looked down at his hands. "No, Cas, this is good. I—" he laughed bitterly. "I haven't even told Sammy about this. I probably should have. But—"
that he had already conducted quite a bit of research. That bought him a couple hours…. Which he'd already spent. However, they also thought he'd been searching for the book. All in all, Sam figured that with a couple more excuses, and another sleepless night….
Sam had no adequate answer to that. He rolled the window down, Dean started the engine with a grumbling purr, and they set off down the fogged lonely road.
He smiled at the pseudonym, hoping she'd get the reference. He left the note at the same place they'd talked. And he followed his heart out the door, leaving the two trays of shots where he'd left them.
And here, on that beautiful corner, his future. Waiting for him in all it's terrible foreignness. In all it's unknowability. And—
Obviously, he couldn't search for 'Dean,' because that would lead to just about every single paragraph in the books. Searching 'Castiel' directed him straight to Pamela's séance, which Sam decided to skip. There was no point in dredging up past guilt. He scrolled downwards, to the first time Dean and Cas ever met. Sam scanned the section quickly, knowing he had a
But then Dean had fallen into the motel room, his bloody nose looking almost black in the dim light of the motel, and for a moment, Sam thought maybe Lee had done it. Dean smelled of beer, and Lee was almost as hot-headed as Dean, it wasn't exactly a stretch to assume they'd gotten in a fight.
Once, he could have reached out and felt Dean's existence, solid and comforting. He could have opened his senses to their bond as easily as blinking, and whenever loneliness would seep in, Dean's presence had
“This thing sure loves the sound of its own voice,” Dean mutters in Cas’s ear, and his chest jolts hopefully as he hears a small, barely incoherent laugh from the angel.
She'd hesitated slightly, each time she spoke of the Bad. This detail is somehow still clear in Dean's mind, even months later.
"Cheers. I guess." Dean lifted his 'sweetbread' as if raising a glass of champagne, and took a bite.
Usually, when Dean had 'free-time,' it was only because they'd reached a point in their lives when everything was going to shit anyway. Sam would spend his remaining hours squeezing their last chance until it squealed. Cas was usually MIA. Or dead.
for each other, all the while wearing nothing but a pink fluffy bath towel, Cas's presence was more humiliating than anything else.
Cas’s trenchcoat is drenched in the dark red stains, and Sam notices a strange, fading blue glimmer flickering inside a deep cut on the angel’s throat.
The guest-star angel of Thursday’: not even worthy of a happy ending. You were never meant to last this long. Never meant to be here.”
This isn’t the first time they’ve had a deep conversation, but Cas knows how difficult it is, even still, for Dean to open up. No amount of time will ever burn away the skeletons in each of their closets. But at least now, those skeletons are no longer secrets.
Dean took a breath to keep from snorting. "Um, sure. That and the fact that no one would want to go into your room for fear of being stung."
"Alright, your turn." Cas raised an eyebrow expectantly, and Dean shrugged, reaching for the meatloaf. Surprisingly, it was better than he'd expected. "Not too bad," Dean grinned. "Needs a little more seasoning, but all in all, I think I made the right choice."
," he whispers, and he knows then, in the way Dean grips his hand tighter instead of letting go. In the way Dean wets his lips nervously, as if preparing to say something.
Maybe it wouldn't be such a bad idea to tell Cas about Lee. The dude knew most everything about him, anyway.
Cas I- I'm not mad at you." Dean cleared his throat, trying to take a real breath, but it felt forced, as if his lungs just wanted to curl up and refuse air. "I just couldn't- I couldn't keep pretending, anymore, you know?"
"Debatable," Dean says, enjoying his angel's ruffled indignation. He claps Cas on the back, and shoves him along towards the kitchen. "Come on. Nothing like a stack of fresh pancakes to get the conversation going."
So Cas smiled softly, and spoke before Dean had to struggle any longer. "You don't need to say anything. I just want you to know that I will always forgive you. That's all. Now—" He pushed himself into an upright standing position, checking the time on his phone. "I'm going to get us some food, and you are going to set up the movies, because motel television remotes are one piece of technology I have yet to fully comprehend."
She widened the door, and gestured for Castiel to enter inside the small office. Unlike most of Heaven's rooms, Hannah had decided to add a bit of color into the blinding white. A wall, on which she usually displayed virtual scenes of solar systems, clouds, nature or sometimes gradients composed of pleasing color combinations: such as today's palette of royal blue, magenta and violet shades. Castiel eyed the wall in interest. He wondered what Dean's favorite color was, and how it was that he had never asked him before.
As long as Cas was around, Dean had a reason to keep fighting. Sam would move on, Charlie, Garth, Rowena, they'd be okay. Everyone else was dead already.
Of course, that strategy had never really worked for Team Free Will, because while other hunters had been checking off their bucket lists, drinking through liquor stores, and banging their brains out before the inevitable end, Sam, Dean and Cas had been the ones trying to
“Nonono, not at all, Cas,” Dean isn’t looking at his best friend, but at a small wooden building advertising the renting of double person bikes.
A smirk spreads over the man’s features. “We-ell, for the past month, Cas kind of permanently moved into Dean’s room. They’re there right now, if you want to say hi later.”
Paste that entire thing into this wordhtml.com program. Check everything is working properly by finding a word that should be italicized. It should have a < em > on either side. If you see that, that means it's going to work.
“So…” Dean feels a smile lift the corners of his lips, and it’s so wonderful to not have to force it. To just feel it happen.
Sam's phone rang from the inside of his jacket pocket. Dean glanced over curiously as the phone was fished out.
Cas's eyes just as clearly as he felt his heart flutter and his ears redden because dammit, it had happened, and he couldn't
The words came out harsher than he had intended, and he could see their effect from the hurt look on Cas's face. The angel swallowed visibly, and Dean attempted to repair the damage before it was too late.
Every day was worse. Homelessness, hunger, thirst, aching hips: those problems were only white noise compared to missing Dean, the pain that lodged itself between his ribs, the pain that pulsed with every beat of his human heart, a constant reminder of what had been stolen from him.
Gingerly, Dean knelt down to collect the pieces. He couldn't repair the lamp like Cas could, but leaving the shards on the floor was unsafe. He picked up the larger fragments, and almost tossed them in the trashcan when he saw it—
He would often visit Dean then, just to make sure. Cas could've calmed Dean's mind, soothed his dreams with a single touch of a finger, but Dean would never want that. And so the angel would sit in the soft chair that Dean kept in the corner, and every time, wondered what would happen if he finally did it, just pulled back the covers and held Dean as he deserved to be held, and loved with everything Cas could give.
He joked about needing to teach Cas the basics of privacy, but he knew the truth. How many hours would Dean have spent sobbing in his room, in his car, in the shower, if Cas had not broken through the door. How many times would Dean have killed himself by now, if Cas had not been the one lingering hope in the back of his mind. Cas was the reason Dean was still alive, in more ways than one.
There would be no more bedside watches. No more drives in the rain at night, no shoulder to hold onto, no one to protect, no one to argue with. No more odd pop-culture references, and cheap diner food, and movie nights in Deans lounge. No late morning coffee and no more worry. There would be no one left to worry about.
Cas's eyes hadn't stopped scanning the room, flickering between Dean's face, their entwined hands, and then back at the wall, the table, the floor, the door.
The answer seemed to steal the weight from Dean's lungs, and he bit his lip to hold in a grin. "Right. Well I was thinking, your room. Now that you'll be staying there, it might be nice to make it yours."
The comment received a strained laugh. "No offense, man, but I think I'm the last person in the world who deserves 'happiness,' whatever that means. The things I've done…" his voice cracked and he flashed a weak smile, fidgeting with the salt shaker. "Maybe I'm not built for happiness, Cas."
vamp hunt in the local area, and we decided to drop in for a visit. Obviously, Jack was the only one here, so, we met, and—"
Cas huffs. "I would argue the opposite, Dean, seeing as your primary purpose for bringing up the topic of pancakes was to detain me from
Dean was gratified to notice that Cas managed to take several more bites before wrapping it up with a polite, "still tastes highly molecular."
He opens his mouth to speak, but the nurse smiles and answers before he can even get a word out. “He is sleeping right now, we had to put him under just to keep him from wandering the halls looking for you. But I think
Dean smirked. "A favorite? Between these four classics? Not a chance. But since we don't want to spend all freakin’ night picking movies like a pair of teenagers…" he held up Tombstone, for Cas's approval. "How 'bout we just go with this one?"
The voice was back with vengeance, Cas was gone, and Dean wished then, face buried in his shaking hands, sobs building and building in a crescendo of unquenchable gasps for air, he wished to die.
Dean shrieks in pain as a long, thin needle is stabbed into his head just above his ear, then everything goes back to black.
“I’ll explain better when Dean gets here.” As soon as the words leave Jack’s mouth, he snaps his fingers, and Dean appears curled up in a chair, eyes red, arms clutching a beige trench coat to his chest.
“Dean.” He swallows. The room is so quiet, Dean can hear every breath. But there’s no reason to rush.
Dean tilts his head and deepens the kiss, wetting Cas's bottom lip with his tongue. It doesn't take much to make his newly-humanized angel fall apart, but for Dean, it's never too soon to hear—
So… thank you. Really, truly, thank you to everyone who left kudos, who left a comment, who reached out to us on socials, all of it.
Two nuns who had been in love with each other, and discovered by the townspeople, had killed themselves: bled out beside one another in the convent's cemetery, curled together beneath the statue of St. Stephen.
It was almost too much, too much for Dean to soak in, and he spent the rest of the movie sneaking glances at the angel sitting across from him, at the blue eyes filled with life, at the ruffled dark hair, still sticking up oddly around the ears. At the soft shirt—
"Sorry, Cas- uh," Dean shifts, then awkwardly leans forward and plants a lingering kiss on Cas's cheek. "You want more coffee?"
But instead of slowing, his chest only heaved faster in thick, dry gasps, like a man suffocating to death. Slowly, tipping his head back, he slid down the doorframe until he was sitting on the bathroom floor, hands dangling between his knees.
Cas was frantically glancing around the room, as if terrified something would pop out from under the mini table.
He finally fell, choking down the words he couldn't speak, his knees hit the hard concrete, knife and gun clattering to the ground.
But Cas knew he was lying to himself. Denying Dean was never simple. Lying was only slightly less difficult. He'd barely managed it in the past, and that was only because the urgency of their situation required it. Even then, Dean had managed to see through him.
to Sam and Dean Winchester’s epic bromance.” It tosses the blade from hand to hand, obviously enjoying watching Cas in agony. Dean grips the trenchcoated shoulder tighter, sending a prayer he hopes Cas can hear.
"Dean?" Cas strides through the bunker's passages, trenchcoat flapping behind him in his hurried pace. He'd told the Winchester's he would visit in the morning, and here he is: but apparently, Dean is still asleep.
Jody flashes a grin as the door creaks open loudly, and Sam doesn't have to force his own smile: Jody is just the type of person who can bring cheerfulness to the most exhausted of 'fangirls.'
It didn't take Cas long to find the diner where Sam had purchased their burgers the night before. He remembered the logo pattern on the wrappers, and there was only one of its kind in the general vicinity of their motel. Although he could have appeared immediately within the confines of the building, Cas had had far too many experiences dealing with terrified humans hurling their food at the strange extraterrestrial being who had accidentally apparated in front of their table.
the dumb smile on his face, but he doesn’t care. He breathes out a soft laugh, the bursting sensation in his chest becoming too much to hold in.
Cas nodded thoughtfully. "If you wish, I could take us to the bunker, and we can assist Sam with the research."
“Dude,” Dean frowns. “Why all the sappy rainbow flag shit all of a sudden? Cas and I have been together for a couple months now. It’s just sex.”
"We're making brownies! Claire says they are 'out of this world.' I am not sure what that means, but they are… certainly messier than we anticipated. And she keeps talking about a 'secret ingredient?' but she won't tell me what it is."
But ignoring Dean was like trying to escape the sun and the moon at once. There is no side of the earth you can run to that can separate you from the thing your world revolves around.
Charlie had been on a ridiculously long ghost hunt in the nearby county and needed a place to crash.
After rolling Dean into the van, and locking the wheelchair in place, Cas sits in the seat next to Dean, holding his hand.
And of course, his nerdy brother couldn’t simply stop there. About two years back, he started a podcast exclusively for hunters, called ‘
It had been the best and worst year of his existence, loving Dean in secret, knowing that one word could push him over the edge.
It had been just over a full year since he’d made The Deal. Just over a year's worth of imagined scenarios for the inevitable end, each possibility more distressing than the last.
And when his life seemed especially pointless, when Dean could barely look at him from anger, when Dean smiled at him, and Cas couldn't even enjoy the moment of peace for fear of death, he would make lists in his head, counting all the ways he'd come to love Dean Winchester.
Straightening, Cas swept the table with his eyes. "I understand now. The goal is to calculate the velocity and placement of the white ball to affect the trajectories of the surrounding balls…" he nodded, seeming pleased with himself. "It's basic geometry. I assume that is why the diamonds are placed on the rim of the table: as a reference for angling the balls toward the holes."
It reminds him of his high school teachers, who would tell him that being pretty couldn't get him good grades. Couldn't get him into college. As if going to college was ever an option for Dean Winchester.
He felt like he needed to say something else. Of course he trusted Sam, that wasn't the problem. It was just…"I guess sometimes, a secret's been a secret for so long, it just doesn't seem important anymore, ya know?" Dean shrugged. "No need to dredge up the past."
apparently. It’s these little things, these new tidbits of information: Dean can never get enough of them. Such small details, but he tries to remember every single one.
Cas gestures in the direction of the kitchen, still wearing a happy grin that reminds Dean of the time he spent the day eating a few hundred burgers.
Dean slides out of bed, face tense. “Cas? What’s wrong? Are you crying?” He’s at his bondmate’s side in seconds, a warm hand on Cas’s shoulder.
Dean's head snapped up and he gave Cas a wary look. "Thought you said you didn't know me back then."
Dean chalks it all up to PTSD from a childhood that could be described as anything but healthy. But medication is expensive. At least it's music, and not—
Cas, I'm trying okay? This," Dean's gaze flickered around, searching for words. "This is me trying to say that—"
The realization hit him as he slid into Baby's front seat, watching the angel carefully inspect the motel room once more to make sure they hadn't forgotten anything. Just in case.
Dean thinks, watching the dark haired angel out of the corner of his eye. He's humming again. Still Zeppelin. Dean thinks he can recognize the tune to '
Dean has heard enough. Time is ticking. He stands up, pulling Cas up with him, and starts stumbling towards the portal, away from the entity, dragging Cas with him.
Cas struggles for words, but the empty breaks the silence first with a condescending laugh, then surprisingly, lets Cas fall to the floor in a heap, and stands back as Dean rushes forward. “Cas, it’s okay, I’ve got you, I’m gonna save you, you’re gonna be okay—”
Cas suddenly blinked, then closed his eyes and tilted his head to one side, as if listening. He straightened, and ignoring Dean's persistent staring, said harshly, "I have to leave, Sam. Heaven needs me, Hannah needs me, and I cannot waste time on this matter any longer."
Dean mutters, pulling out the plug to the griddle. The pancakes are far too brown around the edges. Oh well. They'd both eaten worse.
Dean felt no breath enter his lungs, wondered if maybe some merciful being had taken pity on his existence, and decided to grant his wish.
'Sometimes, I remember when I was… bad. Sometimes the memories grip my lungs in a thick, heavy hold, and I feel like I can't breathe. I'm afraid I'm going back to the bad.'
"Oh well, thanks for adding a nice layer of creepiness to the moment, Cas, I was getting tired of the chick-flick vibe," Dean grumbled sarcastically.
Of course—the nurse hadn’t been lying. Dean is sleeping, peacefully stretched out on the white hospital bed, and as Castiel steps closer, he can see the morning sunlight casting Dean’s eyelashes and hair in gold warmth. He looks peaceful, and Cas’s lips curve upwards, a soft sigh of relief escaping from between them.
Dean huffed softly into Cas's neck, leaning their weight against the impala's side. Cas could have kissed him when he felt Dean's arms wrap around his own body, warm and sure. He felt a hand pat one of his shoulders, and Dean's muffled words of amusement. "
Dean tucks his hand inside the pocket, but there’s only the photograph of him and Sam. He frowns, but Cas interrupts, his voice patient. “The
Just as he catches a glimpse of a familiar-looking room through the portal, a hand grabs the back of his collar and jerks him backward—
It scared Cas to realize how close he'd gotten to revealing everything, to ruining everything. 24 hours with Dean, and one mundane visit to a Blockbuster, and he could have lost it all.
"Hello there, Sammm." The witches' accent sounded flirtatious and amused as always, if perhaps a bit more than usual. Sam knew why she was calling.
He could already feel the prickling heat, the beginnings of tears, either from relief or from nerves, he couldn’t tell.
But this time… Dean will wake up to blue. A blue blanket pulled over their bodies. A blue tie draped over a chair. A blue glow gleaming in silver on his finger. And a blue eyed man who knew nothing but clear skies until he fell into hellfire for a sinner who showed him the color red.
can figure out, but the song stubbornly speeds onward, shattering and splintering lyrics into his thoughts, a wasp's nest of words buzzing and humming mercilessly.
Clearing his throat, Dean decides to go the honest route. It'll come out sooner or later. Might as well get it over with. "Um- yeah. We are actually."
Dean had a sudden memory of his own father taking him to a bar when he was young. Only 5 years old, or so.
For now. "You are, too, y'know," Dean mumbled hastily, before the voice could make another surprise entrance.
Beads of sweat are now dripping steadily from Jack’s face, his golden eyes glowing fiercely, outstretched hands shaking with fatigue. The rift seems to be flickering, black tendrils creeping out, then retreating as quickly as they came.
Of course Dean didn't want to forget about it. Dammit, what he really wanted to do was grab the friggin idiot by the trenchcoat and kiss him breathless and settle his head beneath the crook of that stubbled jaw and whisper apologies again and again, a thousand times.
Cas nodded, knowing the struggle it took for Dean to 'forget and forgive,' himself, and handed over the remote.
Then, suddenly, John had thrown a newspaper on the table. A case. But this time, Dean would be going alone.
“Well—you had to have known you were setting yourself up for a pathetic ending, Castiel. Dean may have
It was in those times, of being a ghost, that Dean wondered how others could still be so passionate about this
It was overwhelming. But Sam didn't have time to be overwhelmed. His instinct told him it was real, without a doubt. His memories, and observations certainly did. And the books….
"-oh." Dean blinked, and tried to think of something else to say, but nothing could fix what he had done, no words could make up for how Cas had been forced to live.
Cas frowned seriously, watching as Dean slipped the triangle over the 15 balls. "What do cartoon characters have to do with homosexuality, and how do they relate to a billiard game?"
Dean sighed, his panting breaths slowing to a normal pace. Cas could sense that the hunter was not quite angry, just shaken and exasperated. Since Dean seemed to be over his shock for the most part, Cas turned to face the shape in the glass stall.
Dean watches, lips parting in surprise as Castiel sinks to the floor on one knee, and holds out the ring, an almost smug smile sitting on the once-angel’s face.
“Yeah. Yeah I guess I would.” Dean blinks, remembering. He hadn’t forgotten, exactly… being impaled. But sometimes, being around Cas…
Cas fidgeted gently against him, and Dean realized he was trying to make his next shot. He chuckled. "You're really going to try to beat me, huh?"
The memories from the night before crashed through the wall in his mind, leaving Dean helpless to their agonizing torment, their punishment pressed down on his chest, his lungs, his body, leaving him suffocating and gasping muffled breaths of remembrance into his hand, trying to stifle the panic.
And maybe that’s the way it was in movies: the heroes are given crescendos and last words and beautiful goodbyes.
In the back of his mind, he knew he'd probably broken at least a few fingers. He knew he wouldn't be able to grip anything for at least a week. Not without Cas here to heal him.
for as long as possible, because this time, there would be no new books to read, no new stories to live. This story is the last one, the last exquisite breath of life—
The first 20 minutes of the movie were awkward, Dean kept glancing over at Cas to see the angel's reactions. Of course, he needn't have worried, showing his favorite movie to someone who'd never watched it before, because it wasn't just
"Dean, I told you: this case is weird, man. There's not much on the web, and I think I saw something a few months back that could help, but it was at the bunker, and I can't explain where I saw it, I just know what it looks like."
Dean turns away, and Cas stands silently, holding back the tidal wave of toxic memories. Because as much as it hurts, being Dean's friend, still he wants more.
