"You want to deal with it, just the two of us?!" Peter questioned alarmed at the prospect.
Rating: General
Warning(s): none.
"All I know is that Peters' DNA has been drastically and irrevocably altered. But I do not know how."
Ned's eyes lit up at the idea and with equal grins they stormed into the living room asking fi they could join in. Foolishly, his uncles welcomed them and by the end of the evening only the two teenagers were smiling. When Peter's dads returned home and asked what had happened to their fellow avengers as they sat scattered through the living room looking utterly depressed, all Peter had to say was:
"This creature has put its intent on you, I believe because of your mutation. From what my sources could gather, the creature needs a host to become stronger. With Hydra's threat, I believe it can only do so with specific people."
"Sorry about that. Dev can get a bit intense sometimes. I hope he didn't upset you?" She pointedly looked at the napkin on the table now covering up the spill.
"I'm afraid for him too." He spoke softly. "I want to follow him around or keep him home, but all that will accomplish is Peter pulling away from us. How are we going to keep him safe, if he doesn't trust us to help him? We came up with a set of rules together, all
Warning(s): None, unless shouting is sensitive stuff to you.
"No, Tony. I won't." The use of his first name, something either of them rarely used in regards to each other, is what calmed the growing anger insde him enough that he could feel the pain and sadness clogging up his throat again.
"It's okay, papa." Peter answered sleepily. "Are you cold?" Before Steve could answer that, Peter pushed himself onto his feet and promptly hugged him. Steve smiled at the sweet gesture.
"What?!"
"There is no need to be afraid. I know this is confusing and scary, but she is Kalyca. You can still hear her, Peter."
Given that he's already come twice tonight having thoroughly fucked Steve less than hour ago, it was a rarity for him to get hard again in such a short span of time.
"He feels
laws to
The images of the shield slamming down on him, Steve's back as he walks away from Tony with another man in his arms were brutally vivid in his mind; Tony could physically feel the freezing tundra seeping into his bones as he found himself standing in between his favourite orange Audi and 1965 Corvette Sting Ray Convertible. He leans against the former, confused as to how he got there from his work desk a few feet away and tries to focus on something to drain out the chaos in his head, but his vision begins to blur and nothing seemed to stay in one place for him to lock on to.
Tony hangs his head low, the muscles around his shoulder blades bunching up and straining as his back arches into the immense pressure focused on his ass. Lately, going for Round 3 in the same night was an occasion that came very far in between. His body appears to be up with the programme tonight though, as he could feel heat coiling in his stomach again, an orgasm building up steadily.
going to see him Tony?" she asks carefully.
Peter pouts.
They closed in on each other, finally at ease in silent agreement that last night was not a mistake on either part. That it was futile to continue denying that they were attracted to each other like moths to flames. Smiles formed in their faces as their telepathy seemed to work again, breathing into each other's spaces as they read each other's minds, which was solely projecting the other person at this point.
And Tony desperately needs to pee.
After drawing in a long hard breathe, Tony coughs roughly and clears his throat to force himself to stop crying. He rubs his eyes with the sole of his palms and looks up to Pepper, faking a smile.
Before long, the armour lands gracefully on the launchpad attached to his suite, located on the pinnacle of the skyscraper. The pathway blinked awake in a domino effect and soon the the entire penthouse came alive.
"Of course we do," he whispers, cupping Steve's jaw softly. "I said a lot of stupid things. That was one of the stupidest ones."
Steven Grant Rogers lays asleep beside him, in all his naked super soldier glory settling flatly on his stomach as the curve of his perfect ass formed a hill from beneath the bedding- that perfect ass that Tony's fingers had done many naughty things to just a few hours ago.
"Pepper would have loved it. Our daughter is going to grow up as brilliant and kind-hearted as her father, and strong, independent and lovely like her biological mother."
“Mr. Stark?”
He looks at her, as though also seeking answers. "Tony he," Steve starts to say, but stops himself. "I guess
"I'm 16 in August."
Breaking into his thoughts, Friday announces that Spider-Man has landed on his roof. Two seconds later the crime fighting teen emerges from the high ceilings through the windows of the garage and spins a web to lower himself to the ground, upside down like he always does.
Having found his way back from Siberia, Tony was immediately admitted to the hospital for his injuries, the worst being his broken sternum and five shattered ribs caused by blunt force trauma. The CEO of Stark Industries had been camping by Tony's bedside at the hospital when he woke up screaming bloody murder after being unconscious for 3 days post-surgery. Tony was inconsolable as he emerged from a nightmare; he ripped off all the wires hooked on him and started to claw against his chest, desperately looking for something. All he managed to do was bust open the fresh stitches of his injuries and soon his hospital grown was soaked in crimson blood. Tony turned hysterical when he realized his treasured item was missing. He then began to cry, incoherently pleading for someone,
"There was no
Tony's hard walls began to chip at the mental imagine of Steve breaking down.
Steve rolls his eyes.
"Go on Captain Rogers. Duty calls. Literally." Tony smiles, and rolls over to give Steve a chance to get up.
"Til the end of the line huh?"
is he?” Sam repeats after Steve, half annoyed, half giving up the losing battle and completely resigning to his fate that he is just never going to get out of talking to Steve about his relationship.
"On one hand, you kicked yourself so hard thinking you didn't do enough when the Mandarin happened that you feel responsible for the whole thing - how exactly
Tony raises a suspicious eyebrow. "What
Tony raises an eyebrow behind his half-rimmed glasses, still flustered. “Do we now?”
Tony scoffed. It would be funny, if it wasn't so painful.
Heart palpitations.
“If I knew you tasted this good I wouldn't have bothered with the takeout. You got any more moves, Rogers?”
"I'll be there" lovingly.
"You leaving?" Clint said, closing the door behind him.
“I’ll get them. We’re running behind,” Stephen interrupts, leaving the couple. He stops in his tracks, and takes a last glance at the two men – Tony was now fixing Steve’s tie as the taller man’s hands automatically snakes around his husband’s waist and under the jacket. “It will only take two minutes, I assure you,” the Dr reminds pointedly to Tony, before disappearing upstairs.
who he lied to and fought Tony for, was also in Wakanda. Tony has known all along that the technologically advanced African nation had custody of the assassin and with Princess Shuri leading the effort to treat and remove HYDRA's brainwash, a cure was imminent. Bucky Barnes, though frozen solid, was well on his way to a full recovery.
“Tony! Are you alright?”
"What if I don't see it?"
Bucky didn't even turn to look at Peter, when he landed next to him as if he was expecting it all along. "You're grounded, kid."
"What!" The car swerved slightly as the driver started at the news.
Warning(s): none, except fluff alert.
"No no no no no no..." Peter turned around as his agitation grew.He tried to think back on how he'd gotten here, what had happened to him, but his memory was hazy. All he remembered was pain, so much pain.
Aunt May opened the door, from this vantage point Peter could not see anything so he had no choice but to rely on his hearing, and with his enhanced hearing as of now he could easily detect the slight gasp of his aunt. She was suprised, startled, clearly not expecting whoever stood before her. Daijee, her dove daemon flew from the living room to perch on her shoulder. True to her strong character though, she spoke with a clear and strong voice.
What's going on between Tony and you?
"I got Natasha to help me set up a video call. I wasn't very nice to him to be honest - kind of screamed at him for being a knucklehead and taking on the Mandarin without us. He didn't appreciate the yelling of course; he literally threw a screw driver at the hologram - he was really aiming for my face. Two days later he sends me one of his custom phones with a handwritten manual stuck on the box that said
Just the very thought deflated Tony a little, but Steve's firm hand was jerking him off in a steady rhythm to keep him stiff.
In saying that, it was one thing for the Captain to have perfect recollection of events down to the a T. It was another, to have said memories reoccurring in flashbacks and projecting themselves unprompted -solid and clear, in sound taste and flesh - every waking moment like a broken record.
Steve's voice was cracked and shaken. For a split second Tony held the phone away from his face to look at the grainy caller ID for the sake of visual confirmation. Not that he needed it - he was simultaneously relieved and irritated to hear that voice he'd recognise anywhere.
An angel, whose heart was broken because Steve's pride was in the way of admitting that he felt the same way.
“Steve, for the
"Damn it Steve, she's yours too. She's
"Then you come home, Tony. You come home to me, to Jim. We'll be right here waiting for you."
"I just wanted to be with him," the words rolled out of Steves mouth easily. It was the truth.
"Could have saved us all the trauma if you'd just answer the damn phone." Stephen says, patting Bucky on his metal shoulder. The former assassin had fully turned his back against the husbands, still clearly traumatised for having witness his best friends in a state of coupling.
and all that."
“We wouldn’t have gone this far without you Tony. Thank you. For bringing the team together and making the missions possible.” Steve said, meeting Tony's large brown eyes. “You even gave us all a home.”
be selfish and neglect my responsibilities again and joining SHIELD was one way I could help prevent something like this from happening again. The world needs Captain America more urgently than Steve Rogers needed to learn how to use a cellphone. Besides, coming back brought me closer to Tony in a lot of ways, because when I found out he had survived the entire ordeal, I kind of made sure he got my message."
Steve breaks his gaze from the flip phone, tiny in his large super soldier hands. He was doing it again – the brooding. At first, he would vehemently deny that he was doing it, nowadays Steve resigned to just shrugging off passing comments. He was tired of denying how he felt about the entire situation, tired of saying he was okay when in fact he was crumbling on the inside.
Tony takes his eyes away from Bucky and nods at Steve. "Still running some tests but it should work. Beta-phase in three weeks."
Steve nods in response. Before either of them could decide on what to say next, a voice breaks into the background.
"And nobody knows about it?"
There was a click.
“We’re taking Petey to town for the carnival right?” Steve replies loudly from inside the bathroom as he observes Peter brush his teeth.
part of their day.
going the way I intended it to go."
"You're alright Mr. Stark. Everything's gonna be okay."
“Excuse me?”
Peter was still sulking but he nods his little head.
“It’s fine. Thanks for the coffee.”
"Yeah. If you don't mind."
“Ohh yes baby I’m all yours. All yours baby open me up, that’s it. That’s it baby,” Tony purrs in encouragement before Steve introduces two slicked fingers without warning, deep into the hot burrows of Tony’s ass. "Fuck fuck fuck fuck." Tony moans as he clenches around Steve's fingers, feeling the burn and pleasure in equal parts as Steve brushes against his prostate. Tony pants heavily, drool dripping from his arm that he was biting to keep his voice down.
With all the curtains drawn shut and the embers from last night’s fireplace still burning its last breath, the quaint window panes of the modest home grew foggy. The smell of oak wood filled the living room where the expensive yet vintage furniture sat, with the evidence of last night’s play time scattered across the soft carpet.
"So how was - How was school?"
at midnight. By the time I found you, you were toasting to the new year with Thor at the balcony."
"Are in a relationship?" Peter half-guessed, knowing the answer already.
. It was a real, mature adult relationsh -  Did you seriously just say
"Wong," Steve answers without context, before he goes down on his knees and plants a small bite on Tony’s exposed buttocks, eliciting a soft gasp from the bent over gentleman.
Sinking to his knees and nestling his nose into Steve's pubic hair, the sexy brunette inhaled the scent of his younger lover as he hoisted one of Steve's legs over his shoulders. Without warning, Tony swallowed Steve's cock head down its length and pulled his mouth painfully slow, giving Steve's cock a long hard suck that left the super soldier moaning loudly.
Rhodey’s last visit was Christmas where he’d brought a mountain of presents for little Peter, making him Peter’s Favourite Uncle Ever. Of course Tony was careful not to disclose that most of Peter’s toys had since been reassembled or improved, much like the fire truck that currently rested on the table with mini repulsors on its way to getting fitted. Rhodey would have words if he knew what his innocent gifts were being turned into, but he wouldn’t be surprised.
"I know, Tony. We've been over this. I'm 100% in love with our baby the day we heard her heartbeat. She may not have my blood, and she may even be enhanced given that her surrogate can literally fly, read minds and lift buildings. There is nothing conventional about this but I love you Tony, and I'm with you."
That was when the palpitations in his chest intensified.
"Fuck you, you weirdo," Tony retorts, laughing for real this time as the Sorcerer Supreme unlocks the Eye of Agamoto.
from," he finishes, shooting an accusingly look to his better half.
“His name. It’s Tony Stank-Rogers.”
Peter comically shakes his head in defiance.
bad. Your anxiety attacks have gotten worse to the point that you're passing out - I don't think I want to ask if it's happened before in the suit because you wouldn’t admit it would you?"
about. He had been wondering when Steve was going to pull a stunt like this since they arrived yesterday morning.
bring himself to go do the big boy stuff that he loves so much.”
Steve holds his hands up to stop Tony's rambling.
Tony even scienced with Cooper once for his lab project, but it got the pre-teen into so much trouble at school that Tony was barred from helping the kids with homework ever since.
"I .. me too, Tony. Thought about you a lot."
Tony spreads his hands far and wide. "Give yourself a medal!"
"Baby's fine, Wanda's fine," Bucky assures. "Helen and Bruce are with her and the doctors right now. Everyone's stable, pal. Look Jim and I tried to call you two like six million times when her water first broke but you weren’t responding at all. When we couldn't even get through that, we got worried so we called Strange. When he told us about that sound muffling spell shit you guys had on, we decided to rally the troops before we came and got you. You know, give you guys just a bit more time to -
It was the same delivery guy from years ago, who appeared at the compound after the Civil War. Painful memories are associated with that name, Tony Stank, as it reminded Tony of a time where he felt he’d lost everything, and the sense of betrayal was cut even deeper as he read the words on the letter that came with the delivery of a flip phone.
"I want to be with you, Tony. I want what you want," Steve breathes, burying himself against Tony's neck, sinking his teeth against the skin and suckling a bruise into it.
“I hurt him, Sam," Steve finally speaks. "I've got no right to be in his life, unless it's on his terms.”
An angel, who after years of chasing after a shadow, has recently asked for space.
“I’ll come for you, if he does,” Steve says defensively.
can then fix my reputation?"
Nat for one never before addressed directly what had happened in Siberia - she was stoic in nature, it always seemed like she knew everything without having to ask. Hence for Nat to pose the million dollar question, Steve weighed that perhaps he finally drove her mad with his pining.
There was a pregnant four seconds before Steve continues.
Awkwardly, Pepper was the first to find out but only because Rhodey was still in an induced-coma at the time.
He grabs an asscheek impatiently to encourage Steve to get on with it, but Steve swats him away with a slight groan.
“Uh.” Tony croaks in response.
He provided whatever support he could for the little farmhouse.
Steve looks at him softly, understanding perfectly what Tony was on about. "This about sex?"
"Did I strike the lottery?" Tony chuckles, rubbing their clothed erections together. Steve's briefs were soaking
They didn’t talk much for the rest of the night, unless 1) Tony providing encouragement out of pleasure the whole time Steve had his cock in his mouth sucking and lavishing the taste of Tony, or 2) Steve moaning Tony’s name over and over again as he rode Tony to both their orgasms, was considered a conversation.
"Let's not waste more time. I'll get Peter," Steve interrupts in a no-nonsense tone as he makes his way out of the room. He stops at the door and turns to the Sorcerer Supreme. "Thank you, everyone. For letting us know and uh, coming to get us. Dr Strange, I'm sorry, I was out of line earlier."
The chaos in his head stills at the sight of his ex-girlfriend appearing in his bedroom at - Tony glances at the hologram clock over the minibar-
Tony was not prepared for
Tony thinks, but bitterly. He's barely spent 5 minutes at the Tower since they broke up - since Tony angrily told Steve to leave that early Thursday morning. And Steve just stood there by the bed, silently challenging him to mean it this time. But Tony never means it. And Steve knows this.
This makes Steve balk. "Tony, that's not funny...” he says, trailing off.
"I meant it figuratively."
“Honey? Honey could you please get that?” Tony calls, without looking over his shoulder.
Tony actually feels a slight tinge of embarrassment being called out like that.
Steve presses the phone against his lips, breathing out slowly. The memory was bittersweet.
h, Steve."
"Oh Steve doesn't do very well in that department," Sam offers, as he joins his two friends.
"Whoa whoa whoa the accusations," Tony says, in mock-defense, a palm over his chest. "That's harsh, considering that I married the nicest man on earth. Hey stop eating my kid's munchies, they didn't magically appear okay?" Tony snaps the container away as the wizard fishes for another cube.
The only contact saved in the device.
"....Tony?"
He hadn't thought that far. His brain just went into overdrive when he saw Steve the day the SecGen called them for a meeting at the compound and sprung the Accords on them. All he knew was that he never stopped loving the man that was Steve Rogers, even after they parted ways to an understanding that they wanted separate things in life.
Because Steve knows for a fact that Tony does not have a belly. The man wasn't crazily toned, but Tony regularly works out with the team to keeps himself in shape. And
Of course water droplets were dripping down his chest
All Steve knew was he was completely smitten by the man and wanted more.
from your bed room. In fact, I daresay all the way from the astral plane. It's not like there's anything subtle about you."
written with nothing else. He wasn't above admitting that he may likely be emotionally crippled; he couldn’t even bring himself to pen his thoughts in a personal letter apologizing for his wrongdoings to a man who owned his heart, and whose heart he had broken.
"I think we're good to go." Steve answered happily before Tony claimed his lips in celebration.
Peter couldn't resist a chuckle at that. "Why are you even trying to make dinner in the first place? Did you lose a bet or something?"
"Peter?! Kiddo? Pete?!" Tony tried to get a reaction but his son barely moved or acknowledged his presence. His eyes were barely open, but unseeing. It worried him more than the injuries which would heal fairly easily for Peter and if Steve's expression as he broke the binds was anything to go by, he too worried greatly for the unresponsive.
Peter tried to the word out in his head before smiling back at Steve, no pops. "I think that might work and it kinda suits you."
Bruce stopped him when he tried to leave the lab again, his grip on his arm firm but not painful. Always in control of the Hulk. "What is going on, Peter?"
"Who are the adults here, Steve? If I feel the need to up my security measures then my underaged son doesn't get a say."
Note: Connected to two other prompts. Takes place after Prompt 3 but before Prompt 14.
"Tony." The response was sleepy as Steve had only just woken up. Momentarily distracted by seeing his husband awake, Tony missed the lack of his teenage son in the room, at first.
Peter was so thrown by the woman's reaction, he didn't react fast enough to his spider sense and got thrown across the street. As he struggled to get up, he saw Otto Octavius standing above him, his metal arms hovering menacingly behind the man. Off to the side, Peter glimpsed the green goblin helping the woman he'd just saved. She did not fight him or scream at him. In fact she seemed quite trusting.
"We should move him to medical, Tony."
"Okay, I'm going...to get...us out."
Confused and a tad alarmed, Happy rounded the corner and found himself in a spacious living room, with an open-floor kitchen in the back. Sitting on one of the stools at the kitchen isle, was none other than Tony Stark.
Day 29, Prompt #29: "I'm doing this for you."
"We're used to scent of burning metal oil and whatever else you do in that workshop." Steve joked. Tony tossed his husband a look that promised revenge, before taking a seat next to his still troubled looking son.
"No, nothing."
Seeing her reminded Peter of Kalyca, or rather Kalyca's absence. The panic and desperation returned full force and he found himself running again before deciding to do so.
Day 27, Prompt #27: "Can you wait for me?"
"Yes sir, I'm very sorry. I know this loss is hard to take, but it is only part of the reason I am here."
"Don't lose it this time, got it?" His dad ordered jokingly. "Let's go! Mission time!"
"Yes. I am here. How can I help you?"
Peter was about to say yes, when he hesistated. The fight had been fairly recent and there was bound to be nothing new aobut his pops just yet. Best to wait for a while. "No, that's okay. I'll call in the morning."
"Welcome back, son. Killed anyone today?"
Kalyca made a discontented noise as she noticed the many large dog daemons standing around. Peter tried not to look at his aunt or uncle, knowing full well the looks of worry on their faces. Instead he faced the man who was clearly the leader of this little band of suits.
Peter had no destination in mind as he walked down the streets. He just meant to clear his head for a few hours before going back to check on his pops. Little did he know, his short walk would take far longer than he initially intended.
"I know, uncle! But I can't do nothing."
"Ka...kalycc..ca?" he called haltingly. He held his head as if that would lessen the pain ricocheting through it and blindly felt around for his daemon.
Warning(s): None, unless you count sappy feelings XD
Norman Osborn stepped forward, sitting down in front of him. "Patience... is nto something I'm known for. But you were Harry's friend once, so for his sake I will cut you some slack. Please answer our questions and make this easier on yourself."
"Peter?!" The garbled voice of his dad broke through the choppy cummunication signal, but Peter had no time to talk right now.
"Like we'd believe that!"
Warning(s): Mention of torture, mention of kidnapping AND rather brutal attack not described in too great a detail but painting a clear image. Read at your own discretion.
There! Light! He burst into the room, eyes darting about to try and locate the errant scientist before he could set off the 'bomb'. Looking up, he saw the man up on a catwalk holding a big wire in his hand while the energy source pulsed in front of him, floating in a circular orb. The black waves coming off it were not comforting.
"But that could take too long!"
For those confused about the timeline and everything. This is the basic headcanon I used for this particular drabble/one-shot and the one I mostly work with in this fandom, although with minor tweaks here and there to suit my needs for every story:
"Can you come over? If you're really Peter... please I just need to see you so I know I'm not going crazy."
Tony calmly observed his teammembers discussing the future of the new superhero Spider-Man. Opinions were divided, but no one had anything really against him. Just the usual qualms about anyone unknown.
"Sure. Where are you?"
Peter was only listening with one ear to Bruce as he went over his injuries and estimated how long they will take to heal, taking into account his body's increased resilience as witnessed by him falling off a highway and landing without a scratch. Aunt May took the whole mutation of her nephew's DNA quite well, though that might have more to do with the lack of news of uncle Ben.
Apologies if Dr. Strange was totally out of character. First time ever writing him, but he fit the best with this idea.
"You can't help me, no one can."
"Peter?"
getting in the elevator shaft. Peter waddling into the lab with all of Tony's dangerous experiments and devices in the open, ready for eager little hands to explore. All manner of dangers existed in the tower, far more than any normal home. Add to that a plethora of people now that the avengers had more and more people join...!
Why was he out here? Why had no one come to look for him? What had happened in that bunker? Where was the scientist or the energy source? Where was anyone for that matter?
"I can kind of understand how you feel. I felt rather alone when I woke up in a time completely different from my own, people whom I once knew either gone or so old they'd barely remember me."
I've borrowed a little from Marvel's spider-Man, so this sort of cross over a little with Tom Holland's version of spider-man, though it is very much an AU, since it's still based on Superfamily.
Tony cannot fly with his wings, hence his use of the suit.
"It's a secret." He nearly doubled-over in laughter at his uncle's expression. Just for that it was worth it. His aunt Nat certainly agreed.
2. The Avengers film [the first 1[ happened when Peter was about 13.
"Not on my life!" Peter wanted to be proud of his uncle for standing up to what were clearly turning out to be intimidating and dangerous men, but right now worry for the safety of both his uncle and aunt won out. He made his way, quietly, down the stairs just catching a glimpse of his still struggling aunt as she was hauled into the living room.
"That's alright. Maybe we can do this again someday."
“Impressive, young one. Again!”
"This is just perfect. How do we know which way leads out of here?" Scott complained.
Important fact:
"Please!" Peter yelled himself hoarse as the electric current singed through his body, setting his nerves on fire and making him shake in his binds. Mercifully he was allowed a moment of reprieve which he used to gasp for the air he expelled while yelling and begging for mercy.
"Well, apparently I can, because
"Let me go."
"I said his abilities are similar to Steve's. But Steve was enhanced. Peter's been changed, altered. His transformation can be compared to....-"
"Peter!"
"Did you ever think about who will save the people in this city if you are dead?! You need to think about yourself for a once!"
"Who,
"Heard you." Came the short answer as Peter snuggled into his side. Steve held him close, kissing the top of his head. "I'm sorry, kiddo. Didn't mean to wake you up."
Their family of three was ready to begin.
"Really?" Peter asked suddenly curious. "Like what?"
Raakel stalked in front of him, blocking his view of the screen and its data, Her ire was clearly projected through the bond and he couldn’t really fault her fort he outburst as she was part of hi mand thus a part of him felt frustrated as well at his lack of action regarding Steve and Tony. They were Peter’s parents, for god’s sake! They deserved to know.
"Very well. You have made your choice and now you will face the consequences." In one swift move, the alien put his spear through Peter's stomach.
"Am I dead?"
"Dad? It's me, Peter."
Peter abruptly tossed the boot he'd been working on at Tony, causing Steve to swallow his cry of alarm when Tony caught it as if expecting this kind of reckless behaviour from his son. Considering who raised him, he shouldn't have been so shocked.
Happy watched the kid go before going to opposite way towards the parking garage. He snuck a peak into the bag, finding two strange looking gadgets and a very familiar mask. This was really happening. Peter was actually Spider-Man.
What a journey this has been. It's been an absolute blast, even during the moments where I freaked about the midnight deadlines and difficult prompts, but we made it. Hooray! Thank you to everyone taking part, reading, writing and just plain enjoying this challenge and of course thank you to the organiser. This gave me hope that I can write if I just keep trying :)
He made a pause, raising an eyebrow: “Am I talking to the right person?”
“Not exactly”, Steve stated, roughly gripping Tony’s ass, “I just wondered if you could really take all those interesting things.”
Tony’s grin had reappeared, and Steve caught himself silently waiting for it. The bragging asshole was back. He loved it because it was his bragging asshole now.
He sighed and looked at the building again. It was unbelievable that a single family or person could own so much money. And then waste it for parties. He would give a lot to be somewhere else. But after all Bucky had the car and the keys and he was blocks away from his new home. And driving by tube meant that he would get lost. He always managed to end up at a place he had never seen before and additionally never wanted to go. Plus, trying to find the way back most likely would send him to another place he had no interest to be.
When he entered the crowd, he felt like he had entered a prison. He didn’t like how they huddled together only to witness more of Tony Stark’s awesome presence. He could see a part of his locker right in front of him, only a few people blocking his way. Maybe not all was going wrong today. Steve used his elbows for the last few meters, fighting his way towards his locker and already imagined him walking away, a little smile on his face because he had survived the Oh-so-cool city kids. He used all his force to get through the last barrier of students, all dressed up in a way Steve would maybe for a fancy restaurant. Or maybe not.
“For God’s sake, put that journal down”, Steve spat out frustrated and when Tony chuckled unimpressed, he reached over and literally ripped it out of the other’s hand.
“Not a pleasant one”, Steve sighed and finally entered the kitchen, inspecting the stove closely.
Bucky was about to start the motor when he just stopped, blinked and looked once again at Steve. His eyebrows rose and a big smile appeared on his face. Steve had not even enough time to roll his eyes before Bucky realized: “Oh, that’s what kept you busy”
“I shouldn’t have mentioned it in first place?”, Steve sighed, looking at Tony warily. He kind of expected him to start stripping right away only to reveal said briefs. He rolled his eyes and stated demonstratively with his hands on his hips: “You will not enter our bedroom in this jumpsuit”
Steve shook his head, forcefully interrupting his thoughts. No. Not that. Again. That was simply not fair. How could somebody he was only able to endure either drunk or in short intervals, drive him crazy that fast? Steve cramped his hands into each other, trying to rip that thought away.
“What about donuts?”, Tony asked, “I know you love those"
Steve almost lost himself completely in the other body, in their joint ecstasy. He still felt every movement of the other, felt how Tony was pulling them so close their joint movement was close to pain, but in a way so exquisite he was closer to his orgasm than ever before. He started stroking Tony’s erection, sensing how he was close too. His body was tense and demanding, still so eager it move with every one of his thrusts. When Tony’s lips met his and there was nothing than heat and closeness and Tony’s body beneath him, all around him, he felt himself losing control, completely letting go of everything but the pure longing, the pure need.
“You could’ve told me”
I hope you enjoy!
“You only need to say yes or no”, he whispered, “have you fucked him?”
Steve moved deeper, easing the grip on Tony’s hands so he could use one of his own hands to pull Tony closer, preventing him from moving away or against the touch. He could feel the resistance in Tony’s body that vanished immediately when his lips circled around his already hardening nipples. He heard breath itching and was not sure whether it was his or Tony’s. He felt even more heat building in his groin and he felt Tony arching into his touch, whining and moaning. He did not beg. Not yet at least. He kept teasing for a while, sensing Tony’s impatience and his own. But he could prove patience. He could wait, he would wait for the pleasure to see Tony beg, to see him give in. He would love to see that. He started sucking on the first nipple, feeling the flesh hardening. More moans form Tony. Still no pleas. The other’s breath was heavy now, his hands were fighting against their boundaries thought he did not really try to get away. They both knew Tony enjoyed it. And they both knew that this was still a battle. When Steve finally brought his teeth to the sensitive flesh, Tony broke. He could sense it in the way Tony’s body arched desperately and by the way he first tried to muffle his moans the first time this night. Steve could feel his lips curve into a vicious grin. His eyes locked with Tony’s.
For all those of you who wanted Tony to top, there is another chapter where he has the honor ;-)
“I’m in”, Bucky settled down on the seat next to Cling, leaving Steve no other choice than to take the lonely chair next to Natasha. “Are there any rules-“, the blonde started.
“I’m not trying anything”, Steve protested and withstood the urge to go at Tony and wreck him against the wall, “I want this thing to start even. If this is possible anyways.”
Steve just stood there. Confused and angry. Natasha whose features seemed to have relaxed, gave him a small apologetic smile: “He hates being ignored. And you did a damn good job acting like he wasn’t even there.”
Tony only shot him a glare that eventually hinted his soon-to-be murder but Steve only grinned and kept lazily circling Tony’s ass before he finally slid a finger in. He felt Tony hissing and muscles clenching but it took only a few seconds before Tony adjusted and his body started to move against the intrusion. He heard those little moans escape Tony and he could have sworn that Tony was only holding back. He smirked, placing kisses on the other’s neck and felt Tony’s body urging towards him. The hotness inside of him, around him, radiating from Tony’s body stopped him from being much more of a tease.
Each time the topic of Tony came up, it triggered an avalanche of guilt. Steve would go over the vivid placards and video replays in his head multiple times, agonising over spilled milk, strategising various approaches to a past delicate heated moment to master all the ways he could have handled the situation between them better. He was hopeful that perhaps one day he would be given the chance to make things right again.
Tony could hear Clint's footsteps twisting in the dirt and stepping away, knowing without looking that his former team mate was leaving him to face his demons alone. Tony glances all the same, and watched the archer's back heading to the dimly lit patio.
"I just ... give me minute please?" Tony mutters as he slowly blinks back to normalcy. He walks back to his work desk, with Peter trailing closely next to him.
, off my hundreds and hundreds year old furniture without damaging them. Never mind that Steve Rogers also makes it a point to break my stuff as and when he feels like it, which so happens, every time you engage in coitus."
“Later, I want you to keep these on,” Steve says, as he adjusts the frames on Tony’s face, "and wear your varsity jacket," and leans to whisper, “while I suck you off on my knees. You can do whatever you want with me tonight sweetheart. How about that?”
The irony of that encouragement was also not lost, given the scar that draped from collarbone across his chest and down his ribcage stood as bitter evidence of what the man could
to be controlled. There was a real possibility that during all their heated moments throwing their temper across the room, Steve was having his own inner struggle trying to maintain his composure as the figurehead of their group whilst biting back down his personal kink. He didn't want to be Captain America in close proximity to Tony. Steve wanted Tony to lead, to dominate, to take him in bed. He wanted to feel younger, inferior, to be subjugated, to be at Tony's mercy. Most of all, Steve really wanted Tony to fuck him hard until every cogent thought escaped him.
Tony blinks at the teen.
Steve raises his eyebrows, unimpressed, and Sam grins in response.
Peter was awake now, and seemed eager to go outside. “Who’s that Daddy?”
Until now.
Stephen Strange was never known to mince his words, but Tony knew the man enough to know he didn’t mean any heat.
forgive on my part. My parents have been dead for 20 over years, I've mourned them and I've moved on. Do I miss my mom? Yes. Did she deserve to go the way that she did? Fuck no. Do I want justice for that? You bet I do. That's what the Avengers are for - we take down HYDRA, we take down the bad guys to the very last one so this, this sort of thing never has to happen again."
“Careful there Kiddo,” Steve says, before turning his attention to the love of his life.
"What about Tony?"
At that very moment, Tony concedes that he was a total goner for this man.
"You'd like that huh Steven?" Tony whispers, using the captain's given name, a show of dominance that he knew did it for Steve. "Would you like it if I fucked your brains out after that?"
"We've got 5 hours to go, Rogers. Come on. I think we've suffered enough of your sulking. Pretty sure we've earned points to redeem
The super soldier could feel his balls tightening from just being touched like this. He immediately feels super conscious of himself - he has been fantasising about Tony for years. How pathetic was he going to look if he came by just foreplay alone? Would Tony be turned off by lack of lasting power?  On top of him, Tony could sense the overthinking.
Day 24, Prompt #24: "Patience...is not something I'm known for."
"Happy, please. Pepper is out of town and I really need to go to this meeting. I can't leave him alone and I won't take him to some strangers without having done a thourough background check, which I don't have the time for right now."
Peter immediately felt on the defensive and apparently showed it when Ned hurried to explain. "Please don't leave, Peter! I just need to make sure this is really you. Maybe something happened to you that made you forget me or maybe you're not who I'm thinking. I just want to make sure."
He left her there, holding her dying husband while her nephew was taken away.
Basil curled in on himself, clearly showing how devastated Tony was feeling about that. Peter was his world and now he choose not to come home, if only for one night. Steve approached Tony calmly, feeling the same sadness but also understanding how Peter might feel, how overwhelmed the teenager was. He would come back, just not tonight.
"Peter!" Steve nearly fell off the bed in his haste to get closer to the phone. Tony stepped closer before he could further hurt himself and put it on speaker.
"They can if they feel it is best. Or you can offer them something to assure them of your safety, at least more safe than normal." Peter gave his uncle a confused look. "Perhaps you can convince someone to partner with you, so you won't have to fight alone every time."
As if saying it out loud suddenly made it hit home, Tony started breathing heavily and his heart began pounding in his chest.
Because of this uncertainty, I'm going to say this chapter is Teen and Up Rating, just to be on the safe side.
"Or he's planning something and doesn't want anyone to recognise him."
(See the end of the chapter for
Warning(s): Character death mentioned [child death].
Raakel settled down, her temper slipping away like smoke on a breeze. She bubbed her head against Bruce’s in a comforting gesture.
"Papa?"
Day 21, Prompt #21: "Change is annoyingly difficult."
"D-dad?" Tony started at the sudden voice, barely a whisper, but clearly heard in the former silence.
His family fighting reckless and withour regard of innocents caught in the fighting, even sometimes aiming to harm them to gain the advantage over the guardians, who much to Peter's shock were fighting as his family used to fight. A front line group, fighting directly with the avengers, while the rest worked to help the people get away from the main battle.
"Enough!" Peter looked up at the sudden shout. Norman turned around and looked straight at him. "Spider-Man will remain our prisoner until we have more to go on."
Day 13, Prompt #13: "I never knew it could be this way."
"You're not useless, Tony. Just being there for him is enough. Let's get some rest, you certainly look like you need it."
If this was some plan to kidnap him or take him down, it was beyond ludicrous. But, the kid on the phone sounded genuinely griefstricken. Besides, he was known for getting out of tight spots. Lord knows he had plenty of enemies already.
Oof, almost couldn't write something for this prompt and my day is almost over. 1,5 hours to midnight but I managed to write something, finally. It's nothing fancy, nor thought through. Just a real quick drabble written in a few minutes.
"Secret? I love secrets."
"It's just, I don't know what to call you anymore. You were uncle Steve to me or the great Captain America. My dad is my dad and my birth dad is my father. But I don't want to call you that because it feels too distant and we're not distant and I am ranting. Sorry."
worry, Friday informed him that Steve had been waking up. Hoping that Peter already heard about it somehow and was waiting for Steve, he made his way down to the medical floor.
"Vulture kidnapped her. I've got to go now!" Peter tried to pull away, but Bruce pulled him back around.
As Peter and Kalyca disappeared slowly into the house, Tony turned to the patiently waiting social worker.
Bruce took hold of his other arm too, locking eyes with him so intensely, Peter wondered if he could see the Hulk in his uncle's eyes. "I will call them and you can head towards the meeting place, but you musn't go in. Not until we're there to back you up. Can you wait for me? Can you wait for your family?"
"Right, I am sorry about that. I didn't mean to cause any trouble."
"You're really not going to tell us?!" Clint complained, making Peter want to laugh even more.
"Peter, are you there yet?!"
"Oh right. I'm Peter Parker, sir."
The slow, steady beep in the otherwise quiet room was only broken occassionally by a deep sigh. Bruce rubbed his hands down his face again as he tried to make sense of what was right in front of him. The data didn’t lie, he’d checked and rechecked it so many times his vision became blurred from lack of sleep. The results on his screen were sound and yet he couldn’t figure out ho wit had happened. The only person he could ask was currently lying in a bed behind him and had yet to wake up since he sort-of-technically died 5 hours ago.
Worry nagged at Steve, despite being safe in the tower, their home. However, he didn’t want to leave Tony alone either. Natasha seemed ot notice his plight and stood up when an unexpected distraction showed up in the form of Peter stumbling into the room.
Steve looked up,a almost sad look in his eyes. "You get like this often, feeling like you need someone around?"
"Uncle Ben-"
"Hi, I'm Peter. Why are you named after an emotion?"
“PETER!” Kalyca shouted as she ran for the door, Peter scrambling to get up. “I’m sorry! I don’t know why this is happening!” He wrenched open the door ending up with the doorhandle in his hand.
"Are you alright, miss?"
Bruce took hold of his daemon, taking what little comfort he could in this situation while returning it to his daemon too. After all, her distress was his distress, her comfort was his comfort.
"Hello? Can anyone hear me?" His comms were silent. Not a good sign. "What the hell happened?"
Fanfiction allows for breaking boundaries after all.
Tony nodded letting Steve gently pull him back when the medical team Bruce had called, arrived to take his son and Kalyca. All that mattered was that Peter was alive. His little boy was alive.
"I guess, I didn't want you to get in trouble." Gwen blushed ever so slightly as she said that, looking down at her hands to avoid more embarrassment.
"There you are." Steve said walking into the living room and spotting Tony on the sofa, looking happy and a smug. "What was that all about?" He inquired indicating Peter's kiss to the forehead that the kid had given him a minute ago.
Clint held up his hand sin surrender. "Calm down. We figured he was having a teenage moodswing or even the oncomings of a cold or something."
"WHERE WERE YOU!?"
Warning(s): None, except some minor injury.
"Why...a-are...y-you...doing....thi-this?" He could barely get the words out and part of him wondered why he even bothered to ask. But he was out of options and fast approaching his limit. He couldn't guess at the hours or days he had been here.
Change was indeed annoyingly difficult, especially if you had recently been bitten by a radio-active spider and were suddenly capable of crawling on the ceiling. Not to mention hiding that very fact from right under the noses of the avengers.
Rating: General
"No!" Peter looked up halfheartedly, recognising the tone of voice as more dramatics than actual alarm.
"I'm aware of recent events, Peter. I've been keeping an eye on you all and I followed you more closely when I noticed you leaving on your own."
Not very proud of this one, but it’s the only thing I could manage with this prompt and one hour left to midnight XD
Oh we're so close to the end of this challenge. Only a few more days to go XD
"I know you didn't mean this, dad."
"Relax, dad. I'm going to lay down in my room. No offense, but this room is not comfortable."
Tony looked aghast as he realized that his son may have very well taken his words to heart. Had Peter actually run away from home? "I yelled at him. I told him to leave."
He didn't know how long it would take for Peter to calm down, but Steve would stay like this for however long his son needed. The first loss was always the hardest and unfortunately Spider-Man had experienced that today.
"Where's Kalyca?"
Chapter 1 is General rating, but the entire collection will remain on Teen and Up, as I expect other prompts to potentially go there.
"No, please don't! What do you want with Peter?!" Aunt May was shaking, her fear practically palpable to Peter. It screamed at him
A little later, aunt May entered and upon seeing Peter rushed over and hugged him tight. "Peter, oh my sweet boy. You're alright. I was so worried. They wouldn't tell me anything and they took Ben for surgery and I've just been waiting for any news."
Peter made a disgusted face before dissolving into giggles despite not meaning to potentially hurt his dad. Thankfully, he seemed to not take offense, chuckling a little himself. "okay, so do you want me to taste test it, just in case?"
Peter whirled around on his seat as his dad entered the kitchen, looking as if an experiment had gone up in flames again. "Dad! How long have you been standing there?"
1. Tony adopted Peter right after the boy's parents had died.
Peter couldn't explain the gratitude he felt for the man, knowing he would go that far for him. "I actuallydon't mind you becoming my parent too. You sort of already are, it's just...it's silly really."
Both father and son jumped when the car Peter crawled out of slipped over the edge of the highway bridge. Before Tony could intervene it crashed onto the lower highway sending cars veering out of the way. Distracted by this Peter barely noticed the flair of warning and on reflex pushed his dad aside. Tony went flying a good distance before landing with a thump but Peter could spare him no thought when a strong arm wound around his neck cutting off his air. Peter struggled to get a proper foothold to force him off, but the man was relentless. A dog barked nearby, probably the suits' daemon. He felt stinging pain that he immediately knew was not from him. That daemon had hurt Kalyca!
"What?" his dad said at his silent stare. "Do I have something on my face? Clint, if you did something...!" He wandered away in an angry huff, his threat trailing off unfinished even as Clint waved in response.
Warning(s): none.
"What is it?" his aunt Nat prompted, her curiosity getting the better of her. He often teased her how she'd become soft now that she had a family of sorts. He'd surely payed for that in their next training session.
were the one in danger! You and every other hero with mutated genes!" He wasn't getting through to Peter. As mature as his kid was at barely sixteen years of age, he was still a kid. But Tony feared his growing frustration at not getting Peter to understand and he was already walking on a tightrope as fear for Steve boiled in the background.
"Correction,
"He's awake!"
"Peter get back upstairs." Uncle Ben stepped forward, pushing past the arm that tried to block him and standing protectively in front of Peter. "If you think I'll let some strangers come into my house and take my nephew without question, you are sorely mistaken."
Day 23, Prompt #23: "You can't give more than yourself."
"Because you are not going out there again!" Peter tried to walk away but Tony blocked the doorway. "Where are you going? You're still healing."
He dropped beside the chair upon which Peter sat hunched forward and bound. His face was covered in bruises, his lip was split and his wrists were blood-caked, probably from trying to wriggle free of his binds.
"Not you too, Fri." Peter grumbled to himself. Surely he must have gone insane. This couldn't be
Peter handed the drawing to his pops. "It's a drawing, a children's drawing."
Kalyca surprised him by licking Basil's nose before burrowing in Peter's side again as the cold wind from outside howled its way into the car.
"I'm not sure it would be safe." Tony answered, but his son was already getting up so he followed him into the kitchen. He watched nervously as Peter tasted the probably ruined dinner. True to form, Peter managed to keep a straight face, for the most part. "It's horrible, isn't it?"
Having little in the way of options, Peter kicked hard with his legs and abruptly broke through the surface. Still choking on the gulp of water clogging his lungs, he used his webshooters to pull himself to shore where he promptly began to violently expel the foreign liquid. When he was finally able to breath, he did so deeply before dropping onto his back to wait for his heart to stop hammering and his breathing to settle down.
Peter stumbled into the bathroom, splashing his face with far more water than neccessary before slapping his own face. "Wake up already!" He snapped at his reflection in the mirror.
-like. All three looked up at the source hopefully. A wave of relieve rushed through Steve at the sight of his little boy in the arms of Bruce, giggling like mad at the plush his uncle was keeping just out of his reach.
Tony sighed at the damn logic his husband provided, but before he could give in, a pained cry pulled their attention to their webswinging son. Peter had been hit by something and wasn't moving!
Peter swallowed past the lump of emotions clogging his throat. Maybe it had been a bad idea to leave unannounced as he had.
Also I sometimes without noticing change my past and present tenses. Please let me know when that happens. I've more than once written an entire scene without realizing it and never noticed it even as I reread it. Dialogue sometimes causes me to do this, because the characters often converse in present tense and I mostly write past tense and things get all befuddled :) Guess we all have our quirks.
Before Tony could start to
"Really, Stark" Came the accusing voice of Clint as he no doubt observed the disastrous surroundings.
"I think we've reached the sewers." Peter followed the smell only to suddnely have the wall he was following along, disappear. With a cry of surprise he tumbled forward, his uncle being wholly unprepared plummeted right along with him.
"Peter, wait!" The familiar voice had Peter turning around to face Bruce despite the urge to move, to get away. Something was wrong! "It's alright, Peter. I know things are very confusing right now, but I can help you." Peter wanted to believe him, he really did. Bruce was familiar, safe, someone he trusted. Bruce would make it all better, he always did. Peter moved ever so slightly forward when Bruce suddenly looked alarmed and shouted. "Stop, don't-!"
Ned remembered this incident. Ned remembered Peter as his best friend. His own dad didn't know he was Spider-Man?! He'd told both of his dads a year ago!
His dad whirled around, his fury back to a burning flame in an instant. "You're not an Avenger. You don't belong here. Now. Get. OUT!"
Time does heal wounds.
"Standard Stark," Sam says, huffing a laugh.
Tony looks up from the rim of the mug. He smiles back into the coffee without answering.
of apologising, he did.
"Are you allowed to date?"
"Mmhmm," Tony responds before he opens his eyes again to look into Steve's. He bends forward towards Steve and holds himself up with a hand while his other shuffles his pants off. Steve mourns the brief loss of physical intimacy (he was
She reshuffles the worry off her face in a brave attempt to stay positive and pulls Tony for a hug before he gets into the car. "One last thing," she says with a pained smile.
That evening, Tony felt like an intruder for the first time.
Bucky tosses a clean t-shirt which lands softly over Tony's head. The genius makes a quick examination of it and realizes it's Steve's. He puts it on without protest.
“You hungry?” Tony asked instead, shifting the mood to a lighter tone.
. Even if they took a portal to the venue now, they probably get an earful from the groom, but certainly murdered by the bride.
Tony laughs and nuzzles into Steve's neck, breathing his cologne in. "I love you, you big lug."
"Now if only you two behaved like proper adults and not fooled around in the goddamn kitchen, we probably would have made it in time," Stephen groans irately, yet his hand begins to unbutton his jacket. "You
Steve shrugs his shoulders.
"Look I'm not going to pass any commentary on your personal life but I gotta say, it's crazy finding out about your two friends hooking up while brushing your fucking teeth at the sink. I really wasn't gonna say anything, but since Germany lost a good airport because you two had the messiest break up in modern history..."
“Honey,” Tony starts, looking up and pushing his glasses against the bridge of his nose. “Peter and I will have the current Captain America looking over us with Iron Man on standby, while the former Captain America goes away for one night to hang out with the Black Widow and War Machine. Nat could use a friend right now too, you know.”
can help you with that,” Tony adds quickly, tilting his head matter of factly, like a car salesman about to make his winning pitch. The combination of Tony's wild hair, exposed chest with three buttons undone and his pants opened that way – oh, Steve can feel himself giving into temptation.
Tony lets out a sad chuckle.
, he repeats continuously in his head to keep his anxiety levels low.
Thoughts of their cursed last brutal encounter brought along flashbacks of the trauma he endured, physically and emotionally, and soon his chest tightens, his breath becomes uneasy. As his hands turn icy, Tony presses his eyes shut as he counts in his head backwards from 10. He takes in deep, long breathes to regularise his shortening gasps.
“Ohhhhh Steve,
For the first time in many,
"Pep .. can I-"
“Okay,” Peter whines, finally putting away his bricks before crawling into his father's lap. Three mouthfuls of veggies later, the plate was wiped clean. Tony makes his way back to the kitchen to hand the empty plate and fork to Steve, shooting a triumphant grin.
Tony gulps. This was unchartered territory, and way to go Steve, nosediving right into the topic without a float.
"Baby, come on don't be a tease. Can't - can't wait. Let me have that pretty cock of yours."
“Happy birthday baby,” Steve replies, lingering momentarily into Tony’s gaze.
“Well when you put it
He licks his lips and presses his hands against his mouth, like he was saying a prayer. His ocean blue eyes, with a hint of green, begins to well.
To be fair, had it not been for Siberia the extent of his relationship with Tony from start to tragic finish would have remained a private affair. The fact of the matter is, before shit had hit the ceiling, before the Accords, before Leipzig, before Siberia happened, Steve and Tony had actually and officially broken up.
Bucky cocks an eyebrow up, bemused. "Obviously," Bucky says, eyeing the flowers then at Steve who has suddenly taken a huge interest on the patterns on the floor. "Who's that for?"
"It's fine. Can't imagine anyone appreciating being barged in like that. Certainly not me."
Tony breaks the kiss, enjoying how reluctant Steve was to watch him go - he
Tony manages a genuine smile. He makes a split moment decision.
,” he calls out again, this time sternly. "Are you listening to me?"
At the last word, Steve walks in, a stoic expression in his face – a clear sign he had been listening from somewhere mid-conversation and wasn't too impressed at what the Dr may have been implying about his husband or his choice to give up Avenging to start a family. It was a touchy subject; at one point, Steve and Tony had different ideas as to how they saw their relationship and it has taken them a long, painful journey to come to a compromise that ended with them finally quitting the Avengers, tying the knot and eventually adopting the light of their life, Peter.
. Whatever it was, it means jack now."
. "Okay, okay enough talk - Now come on, soldier. Who's your Daddy?"
talk about Stephen Str -"
The conversation was chipper and light until a Dora Milaje warrior approaches Shuri to inform her that the White Wolf was ready and waiting for her at her lab.
Steve's made the doofiest smile Tony has ever seen.
Stephen doesn't answer and just circles his sling-ring and the orange-rimmed portal vanishes, leaving the bedroom dark again.
"When did you realise you had the hots for Tony?"
For once, despite his enormous crush on Steve Rogers, Tony was really
Tony pours water on semi-clean cloth he found on the desk and wipes his cheek. He looks Peter dead in the eye. "But I'm not Howard. I don't want you to think I'm just pushing you around because you don't mean anything."
you two?” Dr. Strange bemused, shaking his head with Wong in tow, holding the hand of the four year old Peter. The little Stark-Rogers, charming in his beige morning suit and cleanly parted hair, runs to his Papa to be scooped up and seated on his father's broad shoulders. Tony literally had to tip-toe to hand his boy the container of fruits, which the rugrat happily takes and hugs closely to his chest.
Tony manages to stretch a half smile. "So I've been told a couple of million times. What's going on, Potts? It's a lot sexier if you'd waited in silk, maybe a thong would be-"
“Hmm?”
Steve smiles as his hands peel away Tony's that were resting on his shoulders, linking around his neck. Without breaking eye contact, he places Tony's hands on his thighs, gently massaging them against the strong muscles as he spreads his legs wider and wider. This was an invitation and nothing else.
He finally shakes his head, resigning.
How could anybody suffer calamity in such peacefulness?
"Fuck me. Were you fingering yourself in the shower, Steven?"
Tony, in his bucket hat and excursion bag over his shoulder, didn’t mind playing the boring Dad role that day, while Bucky was the cool Uncle Buck. He tailed the pair closely from behind, besotted by the energy beaming from his child.
Steve happily receives the blue eyed brunette and hoists Peter into the air before settling the boy on his side, one leg resting on his chiseled abs while the other dangles lazily against his back.
After a moment, Tony calms down and removes himself from Steve's arms. He takes off his glasses to pinch the bridge of his nose. "Fuck. That never goes away does it?"
Tony walks out the front door confidently. In his stride, he momentarily forgets that he was barefoot, in his bathrobe over a loose sweater and silk pants while Peter was only in his pajamas. Tony instantly regrets not grabbing a blanket for the toddler before stepping out when he felt a gush of cool air.
Steve just melts against him, kissing back reverently like a man thirsting for life. He lifts Tony up onto his lap for better access to the man he's been craving for. The kisses were deep, languid and sweet, exactly how they both imagined it would be. When Tony pulls back for air, he couldn't help but gush at the way Steve chased him for more. He leans his forehead against Steve's.
"And Stark?”
All he knew is that he needed to go.
Tony remembers hearing the bathroom door swinging open as he stood in the mist, under the spray of hot water.
kid. Tony genuinely cared about the young man - the fact that he is clings on to Tony and looks like him like he hung the moon, Tony felt a great deal of responsibility for the teenager. Maybe its his own biological clock ticking, maybe Peter Parker was going to be the closest thing to a son that Tony would ever have in his lifetime. He has to make things right, starting with a bit more honesty.
Not only did their love life end, so did Tony's involvement with the team.
"Thank you Tony, really. I don't know what else to say but"
Steve signs on the smooth surface of the device, and takes the parcel with a polite nod.
“Tony?” Steve says, his voice raspy. Tony stills, remembering that Steve's senses were enhanced - in
"You have some nerve," Steve says. "You
, given that she's noticed frequent purpling bruises on Tony's neck whenever he visited them and stayed over night, which became very frequent of late. Steve later pulled Wanda aside to gently remind her she wasn't allowed to get into anyone's head no matter how curious she was for the truth.
. Try it. It's one syllable less, 's not that hard."
"FRIDAY's online so you'll be there with me. Sort of."
Her smile does not reach her eyes, and she left him be.
The genius' eyebrows shoot up. "Word for word?"
They were in each other's personal space now.
kept secret; everyone seemed to notice that Steve was making heart eyes at Tony whenever he was around. The way he orbits around the billionaire during social functions to the point where tabloids were beginning to notice, the way he could recite the exact temperature Tony likes his coffee to be made, the way the Captain personally hand-delivers sustenance to the genius whenever he went on a manical inventing spree.
He was
"What the-?“ Tony was at a loss for words as he watched Peter fling a god across the room like it were nothing. Even stranger was Peter tugging on his own arm as if to free himself from the wall.
, but it was worth it. He could only enjoy it for a few fleeting seconds before he was punished for his defiance, but at least it kindled that dying ember of resistance inside of him. Enough for hope to flicker through.
"You've seen how skittish the guy is. As soon as we show up, unless the threat is not dealt with yet, he makes a run for it. Almost makes you wonder what he has against us."
"We saw you save that woman, Peter." Otto interrupted, stepping beside Norman.
Only vaguely proofread, been working on this chapter for so long now I jsut wanted to put it up already. Any mistakes are all mine, let me know if there are any gaping errors please.
"Mr. Stark?"
“Has anyone seen Clint?”
"Peter?"
His torturer crouched down before him, only his eyes visible behind the mask. A clear grey color. Peter had wondered in one of his delusional episodes prodcued by his suffering, why a person with such nice eyes would hurt anyone. The man -for Peter deduced that much from his voice and behaviour- reached out and gently cupped his cheek.
"But he's like Steve now?" Clint questioned as he fittled on an arrow.
Day 18, Prompt #18: "Secrets? I love secrets."
spidey sense is new so doesn't catch everything yet, hence the dude sneaking up behind peter when he was so focused on the threat in front of him.
"Calm down, I'm fairly sure you're not dreaming. Now how did you get my number and what do you want from me?"
"That didn't answer my question."
Peter came to, slowly. His body felt heavy, uncooperative and just lifting his eyelids felt like an herculean effort, but he managed to scrunch them open a smidge. From what he could make out he was in the backseat of a car with two people in the front -one the driver, the other his partner? or someone to watch Peter. He noticed the windows were tinted darkly.
For just a moment the entire world stopped moving. Uncle Ben was holding Peter protectively after having hit the suit who tried to take him and then he suddenly sagged becoming a near dead weight in Peter's arms as he caught him. Peter vaguely heard his aunt May's distressed sob but his entire focus was on his uncle and the blood blossoming on his chest. A squak alerted him to Sioka. Kalyca went and nudged him in what little comfort she could offer for his pain, when she found herself smudged with gold dust.
Day 31 [HALLOWEEN! XD], Prompt #31: "Scared, me?"
"It wasn't that bad."
Prompt 3: "Now? Now you listen to me?"
"Isn't there a way we can contact him? Surely someone must know him."
Rhodey looked up at that, seemingly surprised by the question. "What do you mean? Stark always keeps this place well-stocked." He walked up to see for himself. "That's unusual."
"You need to stop worrying about all these grown up things, Peter. Be a kid and let me worry about that stuff. I'm the grownup after all."
"I'm not sure, maybe whoever hurt you planted fake memories in your head?"
Tony and Steve were going to love this, he thought sarcastically.
Friday's voice startled Peter, but it was another familair thing that soothed his frayed nerves right now. "Friday! It's so good to hear your voice."
Rating: Geenral
"You would be correct, young sir. Good luck."
He realised now why his bag had felt so heavy when he'd dragged it behind him earlier. He'd forgotten that Kalyca had climbed in his bag when they both began to feel ill.
Warning(s): None.
Tony stood as still as a statue while it was going on, completely unaware of Steve approaching him until he felt the hand on his arm gently but firmly turning him around. Tony refused to look at him though, not wanting the gentle reassurances he was sure were coming. He'd much rather stew in his anxiety, thank you very much.
with acts of intimacy. Comically, Cap didn't even know the meaning of the phrase until he heard it in a song not too long ago and quizzed, of all people, Tony about it, knowing how Tony would not let it slide. Tony still feels bad for bursting into fits of giggles, but he made it up by sitting with the larger man later for hours browsing through Billboard Top 100 songs.
Because by that time, he had a feign idea of what the Winter Soldier may have done to Tony's parents.
He wasn't tired in his legs. He was tired of the drama.
"We fit, Tony," Steve stresses, almost pleading as he looks into those bambi eyes and tightens his grip on Tony's hands as though the man in front of him was going to disappear if he didn't.
Tony remembers the soft blue eyes pleading that Tony lets him in, to hold no more secrets between them.
“It’s no big deal Mr. Stark, really. You don’t have to -“
"More more more baby come on."
Tony remembers hyperventilating in his suit as his eyes darted between Steve's back walking away and the shield on the mat.
"Congratulations I guess. Obviously, he's not the little kid from Brooklyn anymore and he doesn't need me to watch over him. That doesn't mean I'll stop doing it."
The wizard eyeballs the billionaire.
Steve would leave the retirement home reassured that he was where he was needed to be.
"He wouldn't marry me Pep," Tony says, sighing. "He thinks he's duty-bound to throw the damn frisbee until the day he dies. I guess he'd consider marrying me if I stayed in the team for as long as he did. Ironman YES, Tony Stark NO."
Team Movie Nights, a brainchild of Clint's, helped the most.
"Why are you here?"
With the gift of hindsight, it eventually became clear to Steve that Tony despite his wide range of character defects, gave Steve everything he could give.
"It's okay Tony. Just let it out."
"Want my cock now Daddy?" He whispers as he lazily rubs Tony's entrance, dripping and slick.
"He called. The bastard called me."
“Come on, Stark,” Tony hissed, angry himself for always losing to his fragile mind, which ironically happened to be his strongest, favourite trait of himself.
his goddamn pants, but stops short of pulling the zipper down. Steve prays that Tony doesn't call him out for noticing this just to add further to his embarrassment.
"Or I can sit over there and be really quiet, not a problem.” Peter shoves the phone back into his back pocket and twiddles his thumbs innocently.
The Avengers who survived the initial dusting and eventually the final battle- Natasha, Clint, Bruce, even Thor who remained on a Earth with nowhere else to return to - they themselves never fully recovered from the trauma either. Even when Laura reappeared with Lila with zero recollection of having disappeared before Clint’s eyes, when TChalla went back to his throne to help rebuild Wakanda and the rest of the healing world.. it was never the same.
"Everything alright there?" he asks softly, but doesn't stop sliding his cock against Steve's, doesn't stop caressing Steve's chest.
An angel, who was in love with him.
"I promise. No more jizzing all over your walls."
It was probably the beer that makes Tony falter his balance. He falls against Steve, bumping the bottle in the soldier's hand and causing it spilling all over Steve's navy buttoned top. Tony's own bottle lands on the ground and the sharp clink startles them. Tony reacts to the accident by laughing into Steve’s chest, exactly on the wet spot that he's caused.
“How’d you two do it?” Bucky asks, opening the backseat door for Tony carrying the fast-asleep Peter. “You know, after..." Bucky waves his metal hand, cautiously arranging his words as he approaches a controversial topic. "
Tony soon feels sweat trickling down his neck as he takes off his tinted sunglasses.
“I can’t, Sam. He
Steve passed him an accusing look, unable to withhold his frown. “Why did you order so much for yourself in the first place?”
"You don't have to. Come home with us. I mean it when I said I can make things right for you."
,” he warns.
"We were never
"NO WAY," Natasha says, punching Sam hard on the arm, her mouth opened so wide that bugs could have easily crawled into it. Mouth still hanging, she turns to look at Steve, who had buried his face in his hands, wishing for death. "
“It’s a plug.
"Steve this is not about us."
"Mr. Stark, you are the realest person I know, and I'm not saying this because I grew up looking up to you. I mean, we all have bad days. Yours is just dialled to 11 because you're technically a super hero. You're bound to have .. super
She kisses Tony gently on the apples of his cheek. "I know you are hurting, I know what happened - Siberia - it was brutal. You came home looking worse for wear but I'd lie if I said I've never been more scared in my life. Because, you know. Nuke?
“Where’s Wong?” Tony asks, changing the topic whilst popping his Armani jacket over his shoulders.
Tony breaks into a grin. “I knew it."
Tony was so close that even with minimal lighting, Steve got lost in the man's big dark eyes, his fluttering long lashes, that perfect smile line, those plump lips..
"My point is, you two need to talk. He needs to explain to you about why he lied, about when exactly did he know about Barnes, you know? It makes a difference. And if you're going to moan and cry about Cap not taking a second to sit and talk feelings, Tony, you're going to have put your billions where your mouth is. Cap's not all that different from you. You both are so emotionally handicapped you complement each other like a house on fire."
Maybe it was the familiarity, the comfort he found in her eyes.
Sensing it was a delicate topic, Nat carefully asks what had caused the break up.
"You're not so bad yourself, Barnes. I know we started off on pretty shitty circumstances. The first time I spoke to you was 5 years after the dusting. Before that, all I wanted to do was scream at you," Tony admits.
," Tony starts to think, but decides against it. "Wow I can't believe how hard this is," He mutters lowly to himself before forcing himself to look Peter in the eye again. He really wasn't just
It was supposed to be their first appointment to test run a prototype Spider-man nano suit that Tony had been working on. The bright eyed high-schooler was pretty excited to meet his mentor, having been picked up directly from school in a chauffeured, unmarked car. When he arrived at the Stark mansion, he instead walked in on Tony using an iconic shield as target practise, smashing bottles of alcohol against it. Peter stood behind Happy, who instructed the teen to back off and go wait in the car while he tried to subdue the billionaire - his boss, his friend - pissed drunk at quarter past 4 in the afternoon screaming "I fucking loved you. You said we’d do it
