“If this goes sideways, the lives of us all will be on your conscience. I imagine you will survive the testing longer than most, with your gift and all. Now go, before I change my mind.” Chuck said and simply turned back to his computer screen, smiling to himself as Dean left the room beaming with happiness.
The two of them were rutting against each other, Castiel making tiny, needy sounds, Dean’s deep groan muffled by Castiel’s skin. He tightened his grip around the base of Castiel’s wing, the wave of pleasure caused by it enough to send both men over the edge. Castiel came hard, groaning deeply as Dean bit him in a failed attempt to mute his own sounds. It was not hard enough to draw blood but definitely hard enough to bruise and another small moan escaped Cas’ mouth. Everyone would be able to see Dean’s mark on him tomorrow.
“We have been over this. Letting him leave would be a threat to us all. We can't risk being exposed.” He said calmly, not at all fazed by the anger radiating off Dean.
Have a lovely day.
“Wow.” Dean concluded, rolling on his side to look at Castiel. He was met with the most content look in Castiel's eyes and Dean had a fluttering feeling in his chest as Castiel leaned over to him and kissed him gently, almost lovingly.
Both men had been lucky that any potential Gifted was watched closely by the Institute and that they had been brought in before something bad happened. From what Castiel had heard, Sam’s gift had shown itself during the transport and the boy had already caused some trouble before he even arrived.
“Do you feel any different? Are you hearing any strange voices?” Dean asked, carefully trying not to feel relieved yet, not to get his hopes up. They kept Sam lying in his bed, but untied his wrists so that he could move around a bit more freely. Since they collectively decided to wait and see what would happen, Castiel sent Dean to go get a card game from Castiel's room, unwilling to leave Dean alone with Sam again. They played until all three of them were having trouble to keep their eyes open, and then decided to call it a night.
Dean tried his best not to be too hopeful. Just because Castiel could fight it, didn't mean Sam would be able to.
Dean smiled at him and they continued their way to the cafeteria, holding hands even when they entered the building. In fact, Dean did not let go of Castiel‘s hand until they entered the cafeteria, where several other people were already waiting for their food.
The silence that followed was deafening. Dean felt his own quickening heartbeat as Chuck kept looking at him, seemingly staring right into his soul. When he finally spoke up, Dean needed a moment to understand what he was saying.
“Dean. No, please don't, please wake up.” Castiel is ready to give up on Dean, practically already knowing that Dean has died again, when Gabriel suddenly places a hand on Dean's neck, taking his pulse. “He's alive. Probably just exhausted. From what he looks like, I guess he crawled from his grave all by himself. That probably did a number on him. Give me a hand here.” Gabriel says and together they heave Dean's body onto the couch. Castiel tucks him in a blanket and sits with him, carefully placing Dean's head in his lap, stroking through his hair as Dean sleeps.
Dean stopped Castiel’s hands and took them into his own, kissing him back almost gently. Castiel was practically quivering under Dean’s touch. Noticing how nervous Castiel was, Dean decided to slow things down a bit, to give him time to ease into the situation or maybe even back out of it. He teasingly nipped at Castiel’s bottom lip before ending the kiss, only to lower his mouth on Castiel’s neck. He placed soft kisses along the other man’s jawline and let his hands ran along Castiel’s chest, feeling the other man’s muscles twitching under his fingers. He mapped out Castiel’s upper body, making mental notes whenever Castiel’s breath hitched, remembering all his sensitive spots. He sucked and licked his way down to Castiel’s nipple, pleased with the sound Castiel made as he flicked his tongue over it. He continued playing with it until it was hard, then moved on to the other one, giving it the same treatment. Castiel was writhing under Dean’s administrations and ran one hand though Dean’s hair.
“No.” It was nothing more than a whisper, but Castiel heard it and shook Dean harder as the other man’s eyes filled with tears. “Dean, listen to me!” Castiel raised his voice but Dean was too deep under, he had stopped trying to fight it at all.
“Oh fuck.” Dean said, letting go of Castiel as soon as his feet touched the ground. He let out a relieved sigh and moved a hand through his hair, walking a few steps before turning around and looking up to where they had been standing mere seconds ago. “You can’t just do that, man! You scared me.” He said, laughing nervously as his heart was still pounding in his chest.
It wasn't until then that she noticed the dark marks on Castiel's neck and her eyes widened. “Are those hickeys?” She exclaimed excitedly, eyes wandering from Castiel to Dean and back to Castiel. “Bitch, why didn't you tell me? I, your best friend and most definitely the most important person in your life-“ She made sure to playfully narrow her eyes at Dean as she said these words. “I deserve to hear about these kinds of things! From now on, I demand to be informed about every dirty little detail of your relationship.”
“It will be okay. Don't worry.” It was an empty promise and they both knew it. There was nothing they could do to save Sam. Now that the initial urgency of the situation was gone, Castiel realized that he would not be able to live with himself if he hurt another person. Even a scumbag like Azazel. Dean knew it, too. He was secretly glad that Cas had not done anything, he did not want to be the reason for Castiel's suffering.
“Let’s go then.” Dean said, taking off his flannel, already feeling too hot. They walked along the beach silently for a while, Castiel giving Dean time to take everything in.
“Let’s hope they don’t get out then, I guess.” Dean squinted his eyes, blinded by the glaring sun that was reflected by the white sand. Once his eyes adjusted to the light he looked around, amazed by the view.
Under different circumstances Dean would have found this funny, but right now it made him feel sick. The longer he spent with Castiel, the more aware he was of all the things in life that had been so trivial for him and that Castiel was missing out on. Driving in a car, going hiking in the actual mountains, seeing wide, green fields of grass, experiencing the beauty of nature in general. Some clouds moved in front of the sun, casting a shadow onto them, making the whole situation even sadder.
“What, no goodbye kiss?” Dean asked just as Castiel exited the room. Castiel shook his head and looked back at him with a grin. “Nope.” With that he left the room, making his way to his own.
Dean moved his thumb over the cockhead, smearing the clear pre-come across it. His mouth watered at the sight of the perfect erection in front of him. He licked a line along the whole length before gently taking the head in his mouth, covering his teeth with his lips. Castiel tasted just as intoxicating as he smelled, salty and a little sweet at the same time. Dean flicked his tongue over Castiel’s glans as he moved his lips along the rigid shaft. His efforts were rewarded with a deep moan that sent pleasant tingles right into Dean’s groin. He had to palm at his own erection to relieve some of the pressure and moaned softly around the hard member in his mouth.
Sam's mouth fell open in a silent, pained shout and he fell to his knees once more, vision blurred by searing hot pain. Meg moved around him and pulled the sedative from her medical bag. Before Sam had the time to collect himself, she had already sunk the needle in his neck and Sam could feel the cold liquid entering his veins. In a last attempt to fulfill Azazel's order, Sam balled his hand to a fist and punched her in the face, feeling a sick surge of triumph as he watched her fall backwards and crash into the nightstand. He rose to his feet one last time, determined to end her. Quickly, she was trying to get up, eyes panicked as he rose the scissors, planning to stab her until she finally stopped squirming.
Meg on the other hand had no such inhibitions. She grabbed the knife and pulled it out with one swift motion, professionally ignoring Sam's pained shout. Unceremoniously she cut Sam's shirt open and stitched him back together, working neatly and efficiently.
“Dean?” Sam asked, sounding sleepy and confused when he finally opened his eyes. “What's going on?” He asked, again pulling at his ties. Castiel reluctantly got off Dean's lap so that Dean could tend to Sam. “Relax, Sammy. You're in your hospital bed. The restraints are for your own and everyone's safety.”
. Dean didn’t say it, but it was true. Sooner or later Dean would leave and go back to his old life. If they wanted to make the best of what little time they had together, they didn’t have time for miscommunication. Dean was almost certain it was the only reason why they both rushed into this, subconsciously they had always been aware of their special bond and the expiration date of their relationship.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You shouldn't have brought your boy toy.” Cain's calm voice behind him snapped Castiel back into reality. He let go of Dean's body, carefully placing him in the sand and arose, turning around to Cain. “What have you done?” His eyes started glowing white as his rage fueled the energy inside of him. He raised a hand, ready to blast Cain away when he noticed the white object Cain was carrying. “Thank you for the meal.” The older man said and just like that, stabbed himself in the main artery.
“Good job, Sammy. That wasn't so bad now, was it?”
“Listen up, Cas. I don’t care how dangerous it is out there. You can stay here for all I care, but I will go out and find Sam. Don’t worry, I will make sure not to look at anyone.” Dean said and walked to the door, ready to fight anyone who would dare to stand in his way. Anyone but Meg. The small woman stepped in his way, placing one hand on his chest. Her gaze was firm as she appealed to his reluctance to hit a woman.
I am sorry for not posting last friday, I was in Minnesota and turns out the cabin we stayed at did not have any wi-fi. Imagine my surprise :D  Anyway, now that I am (finally) back to civilization, here's a new chapter. Enjoy.
“Of course.” Dean said, kissing Castiel one last time before finally turning to look at the view. Castiel turned back around in Dean’s arms, leaning against his strong chest as they watched the sun go down over the water. He placed his hands over Dean’s, simply enjoying the feeling of being held by Dean.
“You don't mean that. You’re just upset about Sam. Maybe Metatron is right and we just have to wait it out.” Castiel said and Dean scoffed. “Yeah right, because he had a vision from God.” Dean's voice dripped with sarcasm and he turned back to look at Chuck. “We have to help Sam and killing them is the only logic way.”
“Wait, what?” Sam frowned. “Kevin said I could leave right after I learned control.” Castiel was taken aback by the sudden anger in Sam’s voice. “I am sorry that he misled you, but the same rules apply to everyone. Two weeks minimum.”
Dean hesitated for a moment, not wanting Castiel to think he pitied him. He had seen Castiel’s reactions to being pitied and he did not want to upset him. “I realized that I am a horrible person.” He said and Castiel frowned. “What makes you say that?” Dean looked down at his hands, wishing the clouds would come back so he could see Castiel’s facial expression as he tried to explain. “I never appreciated all the things I have in life. I always thought my childhood sucked. I hated the fact that I lost my mom way too early, that my dad was a violent drunk, that Sammy never knew what it’s like to have loving parents. But compared to your life, my life was awesome. I had a people that took care of me and Sam after my dad died. I had a home, a job, a family. You didn’t have any of these things, but still you seem happy being here. You call this little patch of grass a meadow because it probably is the biggest patch of grass that you have ever seen and that makes me sad. You deserve so much more in life.”
“Our speedster Adam used to be a chef before he had his breakout. He now uses his superspeed to cook for everyone. When he is off duty we have a few more people working the kitchen, but all they do is heat up what he prepared.” Castiel tried his best to ignore Dean’s bad table manners. He leaned back in his chair, amazed at how much food Dean tried to fit in his mouth at once. It was quite obvious how much Dean liked it, the sounds he made while eating were almost obscene.
Dean found himself overwhelmed by emotions as he stood in front of Castiel's door. He had knocked quickly and now he was faced with the fact that he was about to see him again, the man he loved. His heartbeat quickened as he heard footsteps inside of the room, nearing the door. When it opened and Dean finally saw those blue eyes again, he knew that all the fighting, all the suffering he had gone through had been worth it.
That wasn't his own thought.
With careful and somewhat unsteady steps he made his way to one of the three doors, opening it to find a small walk in closet, filled with what looked like all the clothes from his wardrobe at home. Even the hamper with his dirty laundry had been placed into one of the corners. “What the hell?” He turned around and looked around the room. It was small and reminded him of a motel room. The walls were plain white and the bed reminded him of his own, only the wooden frame was darker and matched the floor. Even the bedsheets were his own. He walked over to the nightstand, feeling less dizzy with every moment, and picked up the picture frame that was standing on it. Sammy’s birthday present.
“Dean.” Cas chimes in as Dean still doesn’t let go and Dean steps back, dropping Chuck who falls onto the floor, coughing and gasping for air.
“No. He did it to himself.” Castiel explained weakly, looking at Dean cautiously, as if afraid that he might just start dying again.
That night he went to sleep in Dean's bed, the only place that still somewhat smelled of the person that he had lost, the person that had left him broken, even on this day. It was a day more significant than others as it had now been three weeks since Dean had died. Dean was officially dead longer than Castiel had even known him, but the pain of his loss was not going to fade any time soon.
Dean did not wake up again until the next day. He had been injected with a strong sedative and his head was swimming as he gained consciousness for the second time. His stomach did not appreciate him trying to sit up and before he knew it, his head was hanging off the edge of his bed and he was throwing up right onto the dark, wooden floor. He could not stop retching for another minute, even after there was nothing left to throw up and he placed one hand on his bedside table to steady himself. Carefully, as not to upset his stomach again, Dean lay back against the pillows and closed his eyes, trying to force the room to stop spinning.
“Dean.” The single moaned word was the only warning Dean got before he felt hot cum streaking his insides, slicking his walls further. Dean wrapped his hand around his own leaking cock and it took only one stroke before he tumbled over the edge with Castiel, shouting his name, shooting cum all over his own and Castiel's stomachs.
Castiel found himself hesitating, hand already resting on the doorknob. “Dean.” He said softly before knocking the door, for some reason feeling like Dean had to invite him in. He listened to Dean's steps on the other side of the door, going away from it rather than going to open it. He waited patiently as Dean dragged something heavy across the room, but then the sounds coming from inside the room just stopped.
“Oh come on. That’s my TV.” Dean hadn’t noticed it before, but now that Sam brought it to his attention he noticed that this room was fairly larger than his. It even had a couch. “I’m gonna have that moved.” He said, pointing to the TV before looking around in the room. “In fact, I think we’ll just switch rooms. Who decided this was fair? You get a couch
“That actually is quite a lot. People come and go, most of them only stay until they learned control.”
“Are you Dean Winchester?”
Sam was sitting on the floor in the middle of the room, legs crossed underneath him, eyes closed, a thick blanket wrapped around his body. There was some weird, calm music playing and Dean closed the door behind himself, stepping into the room. He shivered lightly, rubbing his arms as goosebumps started to rise immediately. It was obvious that Sam hadn’t noticed Dean coming in, he seemed to be meditating. Dean quietly moved to sit on the floor with his brother. His breath was visible in the freezing room and he had a hard time relaxing enough to focus on using his own gift, but after a few minutes he found the energy inside him. As soon as he reached out to it, the room temperature went up, his body taking what it needed. His fingers had started to become blue, and he stretched them slowly as the blood rushed back into them a little painfully.
They have to ring twice before something happens. “Fuck off, Brody, I told you I have an interview tomorrow.” It's Sam, speaking through the intercom. Tired and annoyed, but definitely Sam. “Sammy, it's me.” Dean says and, as there is no response, rings again.
“Dean.” He said softly, hoping to get the other man's attention. When Dean didn't reply, Castiel kneeled next to him and took his hand. “Are you alright?” He asked, worried as Sam had done quite a number on Dean. Even though Dean had evidently healed already, Castiel was worried about Dean's state of mind. Rightly so.
“Come on.” Castiel said, walking back towards the building.
“How long was I gone?” The question is incredibly loud in the otherwise quiet room and Dean closes his eyes, surprised by how raspy he still sounds. He should really drink something.
“Castiel. Dean. I was wondering when you would come. And just in time for negotiations.” Azazel's voice was smug, and Dean clenched his teeth, eyes trained on his own shoes.
“Nothing that I know of, no. What does that mean, my skin regenerates?” Castiel gave a short shrug as Dean crossed his arms in front of his chest. “I guess that depends on how fast it regenerates but it could mean that your body takes less time to heal external wounds. Check the band aid on your arm. If my theory is correct, then there should be nothing under it.”
“What?” He asked incredulously, unsure if he had heard correctly.
“I don't want to hurt you.” Sam said. His actions contradicted his gentle words as he held her down, unsure of how to proceed. He continued holding her down with one hand, reaching for the scissors in his sock with the other. Again, he could feel that this was not a movement he should be doing with the wound in his stomach, but he did not have a choice in the matter.
Meg knew the sedative would work fast, which is why she was taken by surprise as he punched the side of her face, right under her left eye. She hit her back painfully and fell to the floor, hearing the clatter of things falling off the nightstand. This couldn't be, Sam should already be passed out. But there he was, standing above her, murderous look on his face. She closed her eyes, only hoping for a quick end, but it never came. Instead, she heard a loud thud as Sam fell to the floor, no more muscles working to slow his fall. She looked at him, relieved to see the scissors were lying next to Sam and he had not accidentally stabbed himself while hitting the floor. Meg felt a little dizzy but she did not have time for that right now, Sam was still bleeding and she was certain that she had worsened his condition considerably.
“That she would send me to jail if I ever hurt you. You must be very important to her.”
“I'm not a child, Cas, I can sit by myself.”
“Dean! I need to show you something!” Sam looked excited and much happier than he was when Dean last saw him. Kevin, who was following closely, did not look happy at all. “Sam, I already told you it is too dangerous. What if something happens?” He urged, but Sam totally ignored him. “It’s so cool, Dean. I can finally control it. We need to go outside so I can show you.”
Castiel pushed the door open and they walked out, right into the sand. “There is no need to worry. As long as they stay where they are right now, they will never harm anyone, ever again.”
They found them in the library. Dean had never been there but managed to suppress his urge to look around at the impressively big shelves stuffed full with books. Castiel stopped walking, squeezing Dean's hand, whispering to him. “I see Azazel. Sam is with him, he seems to be unharmed.” Dean closed his eyes, sighing in relief.
Castiel spent the first days like this. Curled up in his bed, refusing to eat, refusing to move, refusing to speak. He was still wrapped up in his own wings, using them to shield himself, hiding from the world. Losing Dean had left a hole in his chest, left him drained of all energy, of his own will to live. Gabriel, Meg and Charlie took turns checking in on him, each of them visiting him at least five times a day, urging him to eat, forcing him to at least drink some water. "There are faster ways to kill yourself, Cassie." Gabriel said one day as he put down a plate of Castiel’s favorite pie on his bedside table, hoping Cas wouldn't be able to resist, unaware of the memories Castiel associated with apple pie now. He tried talking to Castiel, but resigned after some time, leaving the room with a deep sigh.
He woke up in unfamiliar surroundings. His head hurt where he had hit it when falling onto the floor, and his muscles were weak. Weakened by his latest breakout. He did not know how many more he would have to endure, but for a moment he felt hopeless. Afraid that he would never be able to leave this island again. For a moment, a short, blissful moment he did not remember what had happened. His only fear was the prospect of having to learn yet another gift, possibly one that he would not be able to control as easily. He did not remember that his brother was gone, taken by possibly one of the most cruel killers in the world.
“Castiel.” Chuck said and waited until Cas turned to look at him, doorknob still in his hand. “We will wait for 24 hours. If the link is not broken by them I will inform the authorities and suggest a drug induced coma for Azazel. Maybe we're lucky and they finally decide killing him is cheaper.”
“I should have known. I could have stopped them from burying you. You didn't have to go through this. You didn't deserve any of this.” Cas says weakly, new tears welling up. Dean leans forward, kissing Cas' cheeks, kissing his tears away.
Finally, Dean started to relax and stopped coughing. He rolled onto his back with a pained groan and brought one hand up to his shirt. Hissing in pain he carefully pulled the partially burned fabric away from his skin, revealing second or maybe even third degree burns. “Oh crap. Dean, I’m so sorry. We need to get help, can you get up?” Sam was right next to him, trying to help him get up, but Dean pulled away, wincing at the stinging pain the movement caused. “Don’t touch me.” His voice sounded hoarse and he coughed again, closing his eyes. “I’ll be fine, just give it a moment.” He rested his head in the sand, eyes still closed, visibly relaxing as the pain already started to cease.
“So, where are we going now? I’ll just assume there is more to this island than one building with bedrooms and a cafeteria.” Dean looked at Castiel, who got nervous again as Dean was standing just a little too closely.
Castiel’s brain stopped working the moment his back hit the wall. His whole mind was consumed by the intensity of the moment and all he could feel was Dean. Dean’s hands; one in his hair, one in the small of his back, pulling their hips closer together. Dean’s thigh, pushing against his growing erection, his own thigh pushed up against Dean’s. They were still kissing, breathless as they rubbed against each other like horny teenagers. Castiel slid his hands along Dean’s chest, his fingers finding Dean’s nipples and gently rubbing them through the fabric of his shirt. Dean let out a breathy moan and suddenly Castiel felt there were too many layers of clothes separating the two of them. He tugged at Dean’s shirt, breaking the kiss to try and pull it over Dean’s head. Dean helped him and tossed it to the side, taking a small step back to give room for Castiel to take his own shirt off. Dean watched with lust-blown eyes as Castiel revealed his body and Castiel hooked his fingers into Dean’s belt loops, pulling him close again.
“What? No, I…” Dean didn’t know how Sam did it, but there was no use denying it now. Sam knew him well enough to tell when he was lying anyway. “It’s not like that.” Dean said sheepishly, avoiding eye contact at all costs.
It's Jess' soft voice that finally breaks Sam out of his shock. “Sam?” She's standing at the top of the stairs, wrapped in a blanket. “What...” It takes her a second, but Dean can see the exact moment she recognizes him. “Oh my god. Dean.” And then there's two people trying to crush him with their hugs.
“You can’t run from me, boy.” John’s voice was loud and threatening in Dean’s ears and he knew that he had just made everything worse. He should have taken the beating like a good son, he might have gotten away with just a few hits. “I’m sorry, Sir. Please don’t.” Dean tried to plead, just about to reach the top of the stairs. A strong hand wrapped around his left ankle and his foot was pulled from underneath him. Dean fell mid-running, hitting the floor hard. His shin banged against the edge of the last step painfully, but Dean managed to pull his foot from John’s grip, scrambling to his feet and turning around to look at his father. He had never seen him this angry, but then again he had also never spilled any alcohol before.
“Don't give me that look.” Dean narrowed his eyes at Cas, who eyed Dean's burgers doubtingly.
“Dean.” Castiel was on the verge of begging. His voice sounded unnaturally deep and his hips bucked, pressing his erection against Dean’s face. He had never experienced lust like this and he was certain that he would have to die if he did not find release soon. Way too slowly Dean hooked his fingers into the waistband of Castiel’s boxers and pulled them down, tossing them away after Castiel stepped out of them. He looked right at Castiel’s erection for a few moments and if Castiel’s face wouldn’t have been red with heat already, now would have been a good time to start blushing. The involuntary need to cover himself melted away as Dean finally, fucking finally, took Castiel’s cock in his hand.
Turning to go back to his room, Sam was stopped by Dean just before he could leave the kitchen. “Sammy?” He turned around to look at his brother once more. “I’m happy to have you too.” The statement caused a smile to spread across the younger boy’s face and he couldn’t help but remember how lucky he was to have Dean. “Good. Just don’t be too loud now, people are trying to sleep here.” Sam said with a grin before slipping into his room and closing the door behind him.
Instead, Dean leaned towards him again, placing one hand on Castiel’s chin before kissing him in a way that could only be described as possessively. “No.” He finally admitted when he pulled back, leaving Cas a little breathless. “We should go back inside, I can feel myself getting a sunburn.” Dean decided and got up, holding out one hand to help up Castiel. Castiel totally ignored it at first, his wings slowly fading into seemingly nothing as he stood up on his own. Then he took Dean’s hand, smiling. “I don’t think it is possible for you to get sunburnt anymore, handsome.” He said and Dean squeezed his hand, smiling at the nickname. “It is possible for you to get sunburnt though and I didn’t see you put on any sunscreen this morning.” Castiel chuckled at that and walked back around the building with Dean.
“He will be out for the next few hours. We won't find a solution by sitting here watching him. Chuck might know what to do.”
Inside were two piles of clothes and as Castiel opened it, he released the smell that had been trapped in the box for quite some time now. He inhaled deeply, closing his eyes to fight the tears that once again threatened to take over. The shirts inside the box smelled so much of Dean, it physically pained Cas to be near them. Still, he couldn’t move away, couldn’t stop revelling in the best smell in the entire world.
“Dean, how...?” Cas asks and Dean's smile fades. “I think every time I... Died... I developed a new gift. Whenever I woke up I had a breakout.”
But leave he did. And he ran. Castiel ran like he never had in his entire life. This was a matter of life and death, literally. He had to make it to Azazel's cell in time, needed to put an end to this once and for all. He would do this for Dean, if it was the last thing he did. He came to a stuttering halt in the middle of the hallway, realizing his foolishness. Why would he go to knock Azazel out if Sam could be sedated easily. He turned on his heels and started to sprint again, making his way to Gabriel's room, praying to God that Meg was with his brother.
“Dean seems to have copied your gift. It would only make sense for the two of you to practice together, exchange knowledge.” Castiel replied for Dean, stepping in the room behind him.
Dean nodded and closed his eyes, trying to pinpoint where the strange feeling in his body came from. It spread through his whole body, but the source seemed to be somewhere in the back of his mind. He tried focusing on it, but then opened his eyes as Castiel moved away from him a little, all his focus gone. Cas smiled apologizingly and shrugged a bit. “Just in case it’s something violent.” Dean smiled back and closed his eyes again as Castiel nodded. He could feel the other man’s eyes on him and had to force himself to focus, not finding the right state of mind to fully do so. Peaceful, Castiel had said. Dean thought about this morning, lying in bed with Castiel, holding him in his arms. He had felt very peaceful in that moment, Castiel’s soft breathing grounding him, helping him to forget how messed up his life had become. He could feel his body relax and an intense wave of the strange feeling surged through him. He opened his eyes to see what he had done, but nothing seemed to have changed. Castiel was still sitting with him, looking at him quizzically and the sun was still burning down on them, blinding Dean with it’s light. He had to raise a hand to be able to look at Cas without squinting and shook his head. “I felt something, but I don’t think anything happened.”
Castiel‘s head snapped back up and he looked right at Dean. “What?”
Castiel's head snaps around to look at Dean who has stopped glowing altogether. “Every time? How often did you die?”
“Castiel, open the door.”
“Well, I hope I made it a memorable experience for you, handsome.” Castiel blushed again and turned in Dean’s arms, kissing him gently. “Definitely. Thank you, Dean.”
Castiel nodded and smiled at Dean, content with this solution. His smile was met with a frown as Dean bit back any comments he had on the matter and simply stormed out the room. Castiel flinched at the slamming of the door, looking apologetic. “He doesn't mean to be rude, he's stressed. He feels responsible for Sam. I’ll make sure he doesn't do anything he will regret later.” Cas said and turned to leave, only stopping as Chuck called out his name.
“Okay then. Gotta admit though, I don’t really understand this whole thing. It just sort of happens, it is very hard to control.” Sam said, putting away his phone. “How do you do it? I am pretty sure I was the only one that the made it rain earlier.”
Castiel couldn’t help but laugh with him. “You should have seen your face. Hilarious.”
“Cas…” Dean started but soon realized words could not express what he felt in this moment. He was still feeling high on endorphins, his heart beating rapidly in his chest. Whether this was the normal reaction to flying or if it was due to being so close to Castiel, he did not know. He did not care too much either and before he knew it, his lips found Castiel’s.
Castiel mustered him for a moment before deciding to let this one slide. “I just asked whether or not you think you’d be able to consciously use the Gift that you developed. From what you described it seems to be something you’ll learn to actively use, unlike the healing that just happens whenever you’re hurt. We just need to figure out what triggers it. Once you get a feeling for that the hardest part will be over. Most of the time it helps to put yourself in a peaceful state of mind, relax and just let it happen.”
“They’re dead, they’re both dead.” Chuck interrupts the emotional moment. “You killed them.” He says accusingly and Dean nods, helping Charlie up as he stands. “I did.” He says simply, looking back at the body. “You’re welcome.”
I originally had something else planned for this chapter, but oh well... guess we'll explore the nature of Dean's and Cas' relationship before furthering the actual plot :)
“Sam is on his way home. Meg is taking him to be with his family, with his girlfriend. I made sure he will be surrounded by people that love him, that'll help him get through this tragic loss.” Gabriel said and Castiel deflated. Sam was fine, Gabriel and Charlie were here to help Castiel the way that Sam's family would help Sam.
mean more to me than just a casual hookup.” Castiel finally looked up from his plate, wide eyes and a look on his face that Dean couldn’t quite read.
“What?!” His exclamation was a bit louder than he had intended it to be and Dean dialed it down a bit before continuing. “I’m sorry, Cas. That’s horrible.” He said, and it sounded so genuinely distressed that Castiel couldn’t help but laugh. His life did not present him with many opportunities for genuine laughter and he was almost surprised at the sound and the way it bubbled out of him. He calmed down pretty quickly, but even then he couldn’t stop himself from grinning widely. “It’s okay, Dean. I can’t miss what I don’t know.”
It's Castiel who rings the doorbell again. “Sam, this is Castiel and Dean. He's alive. Open the door so we can explain.” Sam doesn't answer but the door opens with a buzz, much to Dean's relief. He steps into the hallway, but before he can look around to take in his surroundings Sam is already storming down the stairs. He's fuming and armed with a field hockey stick. He's only wearing his boxers and a t-shirt and Dean is relieved to notice that he is much more muscular than he was when Dean last saw him. He looks healthy, much better than Castiel had looked when Dean saw him again. Much healthier than Cas looks now, standing in the doorway behind Dean.
“They always serve food here. Many gifts use up so much energy that we have to maintain a high calorie intake.” Castiel explained as Dean dove right in, stuffing his mouth with food. “Who cooks all this?” He asked around his mouthful, a piece of food almost falling back out.
“Cas, he died.” Charlie said softly, and just like that, Castiel's heart shattered. His legs gave in underneath him , and suddenly he was thankful for the chair as he sat down heavily.
Castiel leaned back against the door as Dean kissed him again, soft tingles running down his spine as Dean’s hands found their way under his shirt. He kissed back, but Dean noticed how tense Castiel was all of a sudden, so he pulled back a little. “We don’t have to go any further if you’re not comfortable, Cas.”
“No. Cas, I… He…” Dean turned his head to look at Castiel, and Cas could see it in his eyes. The pain and the fear was prominent in his gaze, even as Dean struggled to put it into words.
The boys had been living in this apartment for 2 years now and Sam was happy. He was a senior and he was well on his way to get a full ride to Stanford. He knew leaving his brother behind to go to California would be hard, but he also knew Dean would kick his ass if he stayed. Sam knew that Dean saved a big amount of his money to make sure Sam got into college even if he did not get a full ride. His education had always been priority number one for Dean and Sam felt eternally grateful to have him. After loosing both their parents to tragic accidents, Dean was the only real family Sam had left. Even Bobby and Ellen had not always been able to help when John was too drunk to function. Being 6 years older, Dean had always taken care of Sam. He made sure Sam went to school and there was food on the table when he got home. Dean even did his best to keep John away from Sam when he was at his worst. Even though he loved Bobby and Ellen as though they were his own parents and he could not imagine a life where Jo was not his little sister, Sam knew he owed his life to Dean.
Starting out sweet, their kiss became heated quickly as neither man could keep their hands off the other. Dean’s lips parted and Cas took the invitation, sliding his tongue into Dean's mouth. One last step was enough to close the tiny gap between their bodies. Dean placed his foot between Castiel's, never breaking the kiss as he pushed his thigh up against Castiel’s crotch. A small moan slipped from Cas' lips and Dean ran his hands along Castiel's chest, feeling, touching. There were too many layers of clothes separating them. As if reading Dean's thoughts, Castiel's hand dropped from Dean's hair to the hem of his shirt, tugging gently. Dean complied, breaking the kiss to pull off his shirt and instantly Castiel’s hands explored the newly revealed skin.
“So you're saying Sam could regain control?” Dean asked and Castiel smiled softly, squeezing his shoulder. “We'll have to wait and see. Don't give up hope just yet.”
“What happened?” He says, taking it in both his hands and inspecting the bruised knuckles. Castiel flinches at the touch and pulls his hand from Dean's grip. “Nothing. It's alright.” Dean frowns at that, shaking his hand. “Let me look at it.” He says gently, looking at Castiel. Reluctantly, Cas places his hand back into Dean's, blushing as Dean kisses every bruised knuckle. “I hate to see you in pain.” Dean says, not only talking about the hand, but also Castiel's wings and his overall appearance. He wants nothing more than to help Castiel, and suddenly, with a last kiss to Castiel’s hand, Dean feels a surge of warmth go through his body. It is a feeling similar to his first gift. Only now it doesn’t stay inside of Dean's body, it flows from his hands into Castiel's and Dean watches, fascinated as the bruising and swelling slowly disappear. Castiel grimaces as the bone suddenly pushes itself back into place and sighs in relief when it heals instantly.
Dean sure looked disappointed as he let go of Cas. He pulled himself together rather quickly though and nodded with a smile. “Yeah, that sounds good. Which room is yours?” Castiel smiled back and made his way to the door, quickly before he could change his mind. “Just turn left, my room is the door at the end of the hallway. You can just come in, I’ll leave the door unlocked.”
When Dean finally wakes up he feels disoriented, and for a second he fears he might be back under ground, that his escape was nothing but a hallucination, conjured by a desperate, oxygen deprived brain. There is light though, not the light that comes from within him, but actual daylight. He feels warmer too, comfortable even. The hand in his hair is soothing and he doesn't have to look to know that it's Cas, watching over him.
“He won't hurt anybody ever again.” Dean said and looked at the body again, dead blue eyes staring back at him.
Castiel’s soft lips pressed against Dean’s and for just a second he forgot all his worries. Dean deliberately reached out for that special spot in his mind again, and almost immediately he could feel the warm sun on his skin again. Castiel could feel it too and he smiled against Dean’s lips before pulling back. “See. That’s more like it.”
Sam sounded genuinely upset as Dean tried to wriggle his way out of his brothers arms. “I’m fine Sammy, you’re gonna have to calm down, it’s freezing in here.” Dean stepped back as Sam finally released him and looked at Sam.
Castiel sighed deeply, laying his head on Dean’s shoulder. “Shouldn't you be off, doing something computer-y?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Even though Dean really wanted to see Castiel again, he couldn’t leave without checking in with Sam first. He knocked on Sam’s door and entered the room without waiting for an answer, only to find Sam sprawled out on his bed, talking on the phone.
“So.. About my phone. Do you have it?” Dean acted as if nothing had happened and Castiel blushed as he was left confused and embarrassingly breathless. Given the fact that Dean seemed entirely unfazed by their kiss, Castiel turned his head to avoid Dean's gaze, suddenly reminded how mortifyingly inexperienced he was.
Dean allowed himself a few moments to catch his breath before he placed his hand firmly onto the floor and pushed himself to stand up. His muscles were weak and exhausted but he could not let himself give in to it. He needed to find Cas and Sammy, needed to let them know he was alive. Needed to find Azazel, needed to give him what he deserved after successfully attempting to kill Dean. Well... Somewhat successfully. Dean thought grimly as he made his way past the prison, towards the main building. He almost bumped into Garth and Adam who were leaving the convenience store just as he marched by it. "Dean?" Garth asked incredulously, as he finally recognized his face under all the blood and dirt. "Dean!" Adam shouted after him as Dean just marched on, fully ignoring both. A sharp wave of pain washed through Dean as he had another breakout. It was as powerful as every other one, but Dean did not even pause, willing himself to keep walking. He had endured so much pain and suffering, he was not about to let a bit more stop him from getting back to his brother and his lover. As the pain ceased Dean could feel the newfound power bubbling inside him, trying to break free but Dean didn't let it. He didn't have time for this, had to find Sam, find Cas. Nothing else mattered.
“Come here.” His father’s voice was hard and full of hate, leaving no room for discussion. “No.” Dean tried, sounding weak and pathetic, like the baby he was. John’s face reddened in anger at his son’s disobedience. “I said come here!” He shouted, slapping his belt onto the floor.
“Dean, I am so sorry, I thought I could control it.” Sam tried again, but Dean just gave a tired smile. “It’s okay, really. As you see, I’ll be fine.” He said, motioning to his chest where the last tiny blisters were slowly disappearing, leaving only smooth, bright red skin.
“Vegetables are an important part of a healthy diet, Dean.” Castiel said and Dean sighed deeply. “Not you too. I already hear enough of that crap from Sam. And look.” Dean said, taking his hamburger apart and pulling out the slice of tomato. “Vegetables.” He said triumphantly and placed the slice on his plate before licking the sauce off his fingers.
“Yes,
Cas's eyes widened as dark red liquid spilled out and ran over Cain's hand, dripping into the white sand. Cain opened his mouth as if to say something but out came only a gargling noise and a spray of blood drops, splattering across Castiel's face. Cain sank to the floor, twitching one last time before finally stilling for good, bleeding out into the sand.
“He will not kill him. Alistair is still locked up, we think Azazel is holding Sam hostage to make a deal. He will not make a move until his brother is out of the cell and safe. Right now, the best we can do is stay in here. Until we locate him nobody is safe outside of their room.” Castiel tried to reason, but one look at Dean was enough to tell that reasoning would not work. He was too afraid to loose his brother to listen to reason.
“Yes.” He said nervously but firmly, looking at Dean’s face, smiling at the way it lit up when he said it.
“I know. I have been practicing after Kevin left. I can control the room temperature and I did not have any other incidents with my mini storms. Sorry about that, again.” He added sheepishly, moving a hand through his hair.
“Oh.” Dean could not come up with a better response as he still had trouble believing what was happening. “So… I can fly?” He said, part of him still hoping that this was just a joke and Sam would come in any minute now, laughing and pointing out the hidden camera . Castiel lifted one of the corners of his mouth in what could be described as the first time he smiled since he entered the room.
Benny swallowed hard, trying to mentally prepare himself for the sight of Dean's broken body. Then he pushed against the rock and with a lot of effort on his side, managed to roll it off Dean. The movement pushed another gush of blood out of Dean's dead body and Benny had to turn away to keep from gagging. Dean's entire torso was crushed, ribs stuck out of gaping wounds and his shoulder was dislocated, his arm sticking out in an unnatural direction. The other arm had a bone sticking out of it, and much to Benny's dismay, Sam started pushing at it, trying to force it back into place. “I'll help you, Dean. You'll be okay. Don't worry.” The boy continued rambling about it, repeating the same words over and over again, even as more people came. Chuck was the first, followed by Meg and then Garth, who fainted at the horrible sight.
Castiel nodded. “Next time you feel like it is about to happen you need to fight it with all you have. It will be hard and it will be frustrating but the more often you do it, the easier it’ll be and eventually your body will do it as a reflex. Two weeks after that reflex kicks in, you’ll be good to go home.” Castiel explained, remembering how he had learned to control his own gift.
“There’s a meadow behind the gym, we can go there, it’s quite nice to sit in the sunshine.” Castiel said and lead the way, around the building to a patch of grass. There were no flowers growing here and the grass was dying in the heat. “It looks better after a few days of rain. The plants here suffer with all the heat.” Castiel explained and sat down, not noticing that Dean had stopped walking when he saw the patch of grass.
“Gabe, please.” Castiel chimed in, picking up on how much Dean was suffering already.
Here we go, chapter two. If you enjoy it, I'd be very happy about comments and Kudos!
“No. I'm not leaving him. You can go though, I don't want to keep you.” Dean said, winding from Castiel's embrace to look up at him. Castiel shook his head firmly. “No, I'll stay too then. Come on.” He added, taking Dean's hand and pulling him off the bed.
“No. I’m saying it is not a walk of shame because nothing happened between us.” Dean looked away, avoiding Sam’s gaze as his grin was replaced by a surprised gape. “You mean you didn’t have sex but stayed over anyway? Who are you and what have you done to my brother?” Dean rolled his eyes, getting up. “Not that I need to explain myself to you, but his brother walked in on us. Held a speech about not wanting to stand in the way of Cas’ first time. Kind of ruined the mood. Total douchebag.” Sam’s eyes widened a bit. “Cas is a virgin?” Dean nodded, purposefully keeping his face neutral, not wanting Sam to think it bothered him.
“You couldn't have known. Nobody could have known. It wasn't your fault.” Dean says as Cas throws his arms around Dean's neck, pulling him closer. It is an awkward hug, Dean being naked and wet, Castiel fully clothed. The edge of the bathtub presses into Dean's stomach uncomfortably and his wet skin is starting to get cold, but he gladly hugs Castiel back, happy that he can hug him. As he does, Castiel slowly stops crying and even makes his wings disappear, finding the strength and will to do it. Dean would hold him like this forever, but eventually Cas lets go. “Did you still want me to join you?” He asks, changing the subject. Dean nods at that, opening the faucet and filling the tub with water so warm it is just on the right side of too hot. It is a stark contrast to the temperature of the room and Dean feels his muscles relaxing as steam rises, fogging up the room.
Gabriel, using Cas' full name. Castiel sat up, his wings disappearing in an instant. Something bad must have happened. He placed a final kiss on Dean's pouting lips and stood up, wrapping the blankets around his waist as he walked to the door.
From the corner of his eye he could see Sammy standing in the door to his room, wide eyes, way too young to understand what was going on. “Lock yourself in your room Sammy.” Dean said firmly, knowing he would not make it there in time anymore. John was already standing at the top of the stairs right in front of him, hesitating for some reason. Dean was breathing hard, wondering what his father was waiting for. That is, until John’s eyes finally wandered from Dean to Sam, who refused to move to save himself. The glint in his eyes was almost evil, and Dean’s legs reacted before his brain could. He used what little distance he had between John and himself, building speed before launching himself at his father, catching him totally off guard. It was the first time Dean had ever fought back, and John stumbled back, his foot not finding solid ground as he was standing right at the edge of the stairs. Dean could see how surprised John was.
“This is not your fault, Dean.” Castiel's voice was calm and collected as always, and Dean closed his eyes, forcing himself not to get angry with him, not to lash out on the only good thing he had in his life right now.
Dean inhaled Castiel’s masculine scent and looked up at him, determined to wait for permission. Castiel had his eyes closed, head leaned back and biting his lips in a failed attempt to mute the little sounds he was making. His hair looked messed up and his hands were clenched to fists by his side. It was too much, Dean couldn’t wait anymore. He wanted to taste him, wanted to find out what other sounds he could get Castiel to make. He mouthed at the head of Castiel’s cock through the thin boxers, right where pre-come had already created a damp spot. His hands ran up the back of Castiel’s thighs and he gripped his ass, eliciting a low moan from Castiel.
“Relax, man. I'm just teasing you.” Castiel said, badly imitating Dean's voice. Dean laughed at that and Castiel just smiled as their lips met once again.
. “The sun wasn’t shining like this before, was it?” Castiel smiled, amused that it had taken Dean so long to realize. “It was, but now all the clouds are gone again. What were you thinking about earlier, when you were just standing there?”
Dean did exactly the opposite of what Castiel was asking for. He dropped his hand from Castiel’s wing and Castiel let out a needy whine that he would have been embarrassed for, had he not been so turned on. “Dean.” The single word was all Castiel could muster, but Dean understood. Stepping against Castiel he smashed their lips together in a hungry kiss, gripping the base of both wings tightly with his hands.
Castiel sighed softly and got to his feet, forcing Dean to sit up as he did not let go of his hand. “Come on. We'll go talk to Chuck, see what we can do. There has to be something.”
want that?” Castiel said, a glimmer of hope in his eyes.
room, jerk. Let's call it a night shall we.” Sam replied and Castiel finally looked up at him, smiling apologizingly.
“Sam.” Dean said firmly, not liking the judging look he was getting.
He fell to his knees next to Castiel and pulled his brother’s head into his lap. “Dean? He’s not breathing! Oh god Dean, I’m so sorry, please wake up.” He shook the lifeless body in his arms, tears welling in his eyes. “Come on Dean, it’s okay. Open your eyes, you’re fine. You’ll be fine. Please, I didn’t –“ Sam was interrupted as Dean’s body suddenly tensed up again and his brother rolled off his lap, coughing violently and gasping for air.
“Dean, we need to tell Chuck about this.” Castiel said, finally tearing his eyes off the first dead body he had ever seen. “I think the prisoners broke free somehow. This is bad, Dean. Really bad. We need to put the island under lockdown, tell everyone to stay in their rooms.” He started quick-walking towards the main building. Time was of the essence if they wanted to prevent a catastrophe.
“Guys.” Cas frowned and placed a hand on Charlie's shoulder as another tear fell from her eye. “What happened?”
An early update. I don't know why, but I just had to get this out early. I will still be updating on Fridays but have decided that if my week is productive enough, I might update twice a week.
Castiel smiled and stood up. “Believe me, he will soon enough. Just don’t ask him for it, you’d become his new number one target.”
“What does that even mean, not fit for civilization?”
“Let's get all of this off you first, then I'll join you.” Cas says, motioning to the dirt and blood that seems to cover Dean's whole body.
Next was heat. This one was a bit trickier to demonstrate since it was not visible. Castiel sat up, moving away from Dean a little bit in the process. He gathered heat in the palm of his hand, explaining what he was doing. “How hot does it get?” Dean asked, looking at Castiel's hand skeptically.
It was Garth that found them like this. Dean's entire chest was crushed by a giant rock that also covered most of the rest od his body. His head was twisted in a way that looked highly unnatural and Garth couldn't help but gag at the sight of all the blood seeping into the sand. Sam was kneeling next to the gruesome scene, unmoving, eyes looking almost as dead as Dean's.
“Everybody listen up!” Dean shouted, even before he reached the middle of the room. Several conversations stopped and suddenly everybody was looking at him. “The prisoners have escaped. Cain is dead. Everybody needs to go to their rooms right now, lock yourselves in, do not look anybody in the eyes.” It was not the most elaborate speech and probably not the best plan, but it was all they had.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, like that's gonna happen.” Dean said sarcastically, wrapping one arm around Castiel. “A gentleman doesn't kiss and tell.” Charlie smiled at him, knowing full well Castiel wouldn't be able to resist her nagging. “Whatever you say, hon.”
“You don’t have to say it if you don’t want to. I just think you should know that I saw and that I really just want to understand.” Dean’s eyes reflected the sincerity of his words and Castiel visibly relaxed, giving a small nod. “Thank you, Dean.”
He couldn’t bring himself to say it. He had never said it out loud before. The only people who knew were the people that worked here and the Gifted that had been here long enough to know Castiel before he had learned to control it. Everybody knew not to talk about it, at least to his face. Gabriel had ensured that people treated Castiel normally, but in his younger years, before his brother came to help him, Castiel had taken a lot of shit from people who didn’t like that he was different.
“Oh Sammy. I am so sorry.” Dean said quietly as if not to disturb his sleeping brother. “This is all my fault. Azazel got to me, he made me relive the worst night of my life and I freaked out. If I hadn't gone in there, Azazel would not have targeted you. I failed you.”
That is, until Dean breaks the kiss and slips from Cas’ arms as he stumbles, falling onto one knee.
Neither of them said a word as they looked around the room, looking even sadder than before as they took in the dinner that Cas had prepared.
It was the first time Castiel was this close to Dean and he was reminded how attractive the other man was. His features were delicate, but somehow rough at the same time. Freckles splayed across his cheeks and when Castiel looked from his full lips, up into Dean’s green eyes, he knew he was screwed. Not only had he not registered a word of what Dean just said, he also felt a flutter in his stomach that was entirely inappropriate in this situation, given the fact that he barely even knew the man.
Still, it was only his own reflection staring back at him in the mirror. The same green eyes, the same facial features. With a small sigh Dean turned to put on his shirt as his eye was caught by something on his shoulder. Actually, rather by something that was no longer on his shoulder. He took a step back so he could see more of his torso in the mirror, incredulously touching the spot where his scar used to be.
more. With a desperate groan Castiel sat up, wrapping his arms around Dean and snapping his hips up to meet Dean's movement. He clung to him, face merely an inch away from Deans. He could feel the other man's hot breath on his face as Dean gasped at the sudden change of pace.
“Speaking of chick-flicks, how’s Castiel.” Sam changed the subject, grinning widely. “I see you’re still doing your walk of shame.” Sam said, hinting at the fact that Dean was still wearing the same clothes he had worn the day before. Dean smiled at that, shaking his head. “Not a walk of shame, not really.” He said, and Sam smirked doubtingly. “So you’re saying you didn’t spend the night in his room?” He asked and grinned even more when Dean shook his head.
“They were bad people, Cas. They would have broken free again, would have killed again. This is the best way, I had to do it.” Dean says and when he finally looks at Cas, Cas can see it in his eyes. It’s an act. Be careless, be brave, be strong. Don’t let Chuck or anyone else sense your weakness. Dean doesn't even convince himself with it.
“I’m not, it’s way over 90 degrees out, it’s too hot to do hiking.” Dean said with a smirk on his face, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s middle, initiating the first physical contact since that kiss in Dean’s room. “Come on, just try. I promise I’ll hold on tight.”
Sam gulped, shivering at the realization whose voice it was that he was hearing. Azazel was still in his head, controlling him from his cell.
Castiel smiled at that, stopping to look at the water. “As important as she is to me.”
The wood above him seemed to crack, but Dean soon realized that it was actually the bones his hand, breaking with the force of his punch. Dean tried his best to ignore the searing pain that now reached his brain and kept punching the lid. The air was getting dangerously thin and he started feeling dizzy as his punches slowed down and eventually fully ceased. Deprived of oxygen he passed out again, drifting back into the all-consuming darkness that was death.
Dean is practically vibrating all the way to Sam's apartment. Castiel places a hand on Dean's thigh and feels him relax a bit. “We're here.” The driver says and Dean practically jumps out of the car. It's the middle of the night and the car door disrupts the silence as he slams it shut. It isn't quiet in the street though, not really. Not like it was on the island, after everyone went to bed. There are more people here and even this late at night there is a couple walking, hand in hand. Their hushed voices are carried over to Castiel and for the first time since their departure Castiel fully realizes his situation. He does not have time to dwell on it though as Dean is already ringing the doorbell. Castiel wants to be there when Dean finally sees his brother again.
Dean frowned at Sam, not understanding his sudden rage. He had never seen his brother emotional like this, the gift must have really changed him. “Sam, calm down. It’s okay, it’s just a few weeks.”
Sam nodded reluctantly, not buying Dean’s careless act. He knew his brother well enough to know that something was bothering him. Still, he also knew that if Dean did not want to talk about it he would not talk about it, no matter how much Sam pushed. He’d come around eventually, he always did.
Sam watched, horrified as his brother was buried by the giant rock that broke out of the ledge.
There was only time for one last thought Azazel planted in Sam's brain, just before he was knocked out. His last attempt to get back at Castiel and Dean for locking him up again. His last way of playing with them, the way he had played with so many of his victims before them.
. Immediately Sam felt panic rise in his body as he remembered why he was here.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed it. Feel free to leave some Kudos or let me know what you think in the comments, it means a lot to me. Have a great day. <3
“I am not suited for civil life. My powers are too diverse to be fully controlled at all times. It is too risky.”
Castiel’s room didn’t even appear to be a room, it was a full apartment. Dean walked into a nicely furnished living room, with white walls and a big, comfortable looking couch. The flat screen on the wall was even larger than the one Sam now had in his room. The wall behind the couch was decorated with black and white photographs of skylines Dean didn’t recognize and the light green pillows on the couch matched the flowerpot on the coffee table. There was another, bigger houseplant in one of the corners and an equally comfortable looking armchair in the middle of the room, matching the couch.
“Dean.” It was a plea, and a warning. Castiel's hands found Dean's hips, stilling him, not wanting this to end too soon. Dean pulled himself together, taking a deep breath before looking back at Castiel. The other man looked so helplessly turned on, Dean's dick twitched with want.
“I am sorry, Sam.” Castiel said and turned his head away, unable to watch as Sam raised the blade again, this time pointing it to his lower abdomen.
Yay, a new chapter. This weekend was very productive.
“Show him what?” Castiel asked carefully, knowing that whatever Sam was about to show Dean, Kevin was probably not exaggerating when he said it could be dangerous. “Let’s go, come on.” Sam said and gripped his brother by the arm, practically dragging him outside. “Come on.” Sam said again, impatient as his brother didn’t follow as quickly as he would like him to.
Several minutes passed, and both Gabriel and Charlie watched as Castiel processed this new information. Neither of them dared to say anything as they didn't know how Castiel would react. Cas sat there, staring into the empty, tears of despair creeping into his eyes as he tried to handle all the emotions that he was currently going through. He fought them, focusing on the one thing he hoped would be able to hold him together.
To Dean’s displeasure, Castiel shook his head. “A person usually only has their breakout before they develop their gift. You should not have anymore breakouts after that, unless…” Castiel stopped talking, tilting his head to the side a bit and furrowing his brows. “Unless you are developing another gift.”
Dean smiled grimly, liking the idea of knocking Azazel out. “Sounds good, let's go.”
. Hell, Dean himself wasn’t even sure what he felt, he just knew he felt something and that he had major problems putting it in words.
Luckily for him, the corridors were empty and Dean made it to Sam's room without bumping into anybody else. He briefly considered knocking but then decided against it, he couldn't wait another second. He yanked the door open and stumbled into the room, stopping dead in his tracks as he found it empty. The bed and the desk were still there but all of Sam's personal items were gone. Dean looked around, searching for some clue, suddenly wondering how long he had been gone for. Maybe Sam had left without him. Dean didn't know whether or not he liked that thought. On the one hand, he wanted to see his brother immediately, wanted to tell him he was alive, on the other hand Dean was glad that Sam's life had continued. Dean didn't want to be the reason for Sam to miss out on anything in life.
“It’s not wasted if you like it. I wanted to get you something.” Sam said, waiting for his brother to finally take the box and open it, hoping Dean would like his present. Dean carefully put the pie on the counter, but not without taking another huge bite. “Alright, Sammy, thank you.” Dean smiled around the mouthful of pie and opened the box, taking out the picture frame.
Dean left the room and walked into his own, not at all surprised when he found it in a similar state. Apart from the bedsheets and one open box in the corner all of Dean's things had been removed from the room. At first Dean didn't notice the five slender black objects lying on the bed and on the floor. When he did, he bent down to pick one of them up, a cold shiver running down his spine when he realized what the object was. Cas. He thought and turned on his heels, all but running towards Cas' room, feather still in his hand.
“We don't know.” Meg jumped in to Castiel’s rescue as it was obvious Castiel was afraid of Dean's reaction. And rightly so, Dean sat up suddenly, voice booming as he jumped out of the bed he was unnecessarily lying in. “What do you mean
“I get that I can't stop you from going, but you can't stop me from coming with you.” Castiel said stubbornly and placed his hand on the door handle, ready to leave. Dean stopped him, holding the door closed. “You don't even have any protection. It is too dangerous.”
“What?” Castiel asked, fork in his hand as he stilled to look at Dean. He had understood Dean just fine and he knew what the other man was talking about as it was something that he found himself constantly thinking about as well.
“And why would I do that?” Sam said, and Dean shuddered at the snarl in his voice. Everything about this was wrong, so wrong. The hate in his eyes, the cruel smile on his face, even the way he spoke reeked of Azazel. That wasn't the worst of it though. The worst was, that Dean did not have an answer for him. He wanted to help Sam so badly, wanted to rescue his little brother but he did not have anything to offer. He couldn't give Azazel the one thing he wanted, as letting the brothers out was not an option.
“How’s Jess?” Even Dean, who wasn’t into that romantic crap, had to admit that Sam and his girlfriend were perfect for each other. They had been a couple for three years now and Dean was certain they would end up marrying each other, white picket fence and all.
“Whatever. This isn’t even what I wanted to talk to you about.” He said, and Sam nodded, letting himself fall into the pillows on his couch, looking at Dean. “Okay. Shoot.” He said expectantly when Dean didn’t start talking right away.
“Hello!” Sam shouted, hoping that someone was around to get him out of here. He had to find his brother and he did not understand why he was tied up in the first place. “Anybody? Let me out of here!” Sam tried pulling his restraints again, but stopped as he heard his door open. “Sam. You can’t be awake yet.” The boy that walked in was around Sam’s age. He had dark hair and even though his smile was warm and comforting, Sam felt impossibly vulnerable as he walked towards his bed. “Who are you? How do you know my name? Please just let me find my brother, is he here? Is Dean here?” The boy’s smile was apologetic and Sam noticed the syringe he pulled out of his white coat. “Don’t worry, Sam, you and your brother are safe here. I’m sorry but you need to go back to sleep now.” Sam felt the syringe poke him before he could even comprehend what was going on. “No, please. What are you doing to me? Just let me go, what do you want from me?” Sam felt the sedative spread through his body and suddenly his tongue was too heavy to continue speaking. His limbs stopped reacting, and even though he tried to fight it, it only took half a minute before he drifted off to sleep.
With a lot of support and coaxing from both Charlie and Gabriel they finally managed to move Castiel to his bed where he settled down on top of the covers and immediately wrapped himself up in his own wings.
“Where do you think you’re going? We’re not done here.” Dean watched with wide eyes as his father stepped back a bit and opened his belt, making a point of slowly pulling it out of the loops. He took a shaky breath as the tears finally spilled over, falling from his eyes. “No, Sir, please.” Dean pleaded. He knew what was to come and he hated himself for it, but he was scared. Scared of his own father, scared of the punishment he clearly deserved.
“Dean?” Charlie is the first to say anything, voice shaking as she walks into the cell. “You’re alive.” She states with wonder and finally Dean moves, looking up at her, tears shining in his eyes. “Hey, Charlie.” He says stupidly, and she sobs, throwing herself at him, hugging him. Despite all the blood, despite the gruesome body lying right there next to them Charlie couldn’t have been happier.
He shoved Sam away from him, trying to catch a little break. He tasted his own blood, and even though his wounds healed, it pained him to think about what this would do to Sam. All he could do was hope that his brother wouldn't remember any of what Azazel made him do. “Sam please.” He tried to plead one more time, but Sam just shoved him back, crazy joy in his eyes as Dean stumbled.
“The lord speaks to me. He said this predicament will end soon.” The old guy spoke up and Dean's head snapped around to him.
As they watched the movie, the room constantly got darker the later it got. Dean looked different in the half dark, face illuminated by almost nothing but the TV screen. Not necessarily worse or better, just different. The freckles seemed to disappear with the light, leaving a smooth face with delicate features, plush lips and eyes that still sparkled green.
Dean's hot breath against his ear sent pleasant shivers down his spine, but it was his words that caused him to groan loudly. Dean's voice was rough with lust, and Cas turned his head to meet his lips, kissing him passionately. Gentle, but firm hands pushed him to lie down and Castiel watched as Dean started rolling his hips, rubbing their clothed erections together.
“Sam, this isn't working.” He said and opened his eyes just in time to see Sam had moved away from him and was staring at something above Dean's head. “Sam?” Dean asked, and followed his gaze, just in time to see a single lightning strike, breaking the rock above him. He tried to jump out of the way, but the rock crushed him, and he didn't even feel the pain as his world suddenly ceased to exist.
“Good.” Dean said, reaching out to take Castiel’s hand across the table. “Good.” Castiel replied stupidly, smiling back and entwining their fingers. They held eye contact for a few seconds, longer than would have been comfortable with anyone else.
“Get a room, you two.” Sam said, sounding more amused than annoyed.
Dean soon lost count of how many times he had died, how many times he had endured the indescribably painful breakouts. It didn't matter, all he could think of was escaping this hell. With a devastating cry he punched as hard as he could and suddenly the wood cracked. The last, oxygen free breath was punched out of his lungs by the heavy weight that was suddenly on him. His arm was pushed down by the dirt that came crashing down and his shoulder got dislocated. This time, death was a relief that ended both, the pain and the panic that were taking over Dean’s whole conscience in this moment.
“I'll be fine. Don't tell Sam yet. I think Dean will want to do that himself. Thank you, Gabriel.” Cas says sincerely and he doesn't have to elaborate. Thank you for being there when I needed it most, thank you for supporting me, thank you for making sure Sam is alright. It's all there, in Castiel's eyes and Gabriel smiles at him before leaving the room.
Cool air filled his lungs and he stopped for a moment, resting his head on the ground, one arm free, the other one still stuck in the dirt with the rest of his body.
“I still don't get that. Why does Chuck have the power to decide whether you want to leave?”
“He is still under Azazel's control and beat up Meg. She was lucky that she could sedate him. Get your asses over to his room. And open a window, it reeks in here.” Gabriel did not wait for further questions and simply stormed out again, leaving Castiel and Dean worried and confused.
“I guess in a way I am.” Castiel smiled and nodded, also looking around. He had seen the other rooms in this building and he knew that this room was much more luxurious. What he didn’t know was that it was also much more luxurious than what most people could afford in real life. He always assumed his parents had only tried to give him a life as normal as possible.
An incredibly intense wave of pleasure washed through Dean and he moaned loudly, looking at Cas with wide eyes, blushing at the soft smirk on the other man's face. “What… What is that?” Dean's voice was wrecked, barely more than a whisper. He groaned loudly, hands frantically searching for something, anything to hold on to as Castiel's hand wrapped around Dean's shaft, seemingly vibrating. It was stimulating Dean in a way that he had never been stimulated before and he threw his head back, moaning, uncaring that he did not receive an answer.
“That is such a cool gift, I wish I could do that.” Kevin exclaimed, staring at Dean shamelessly, watching as even the bright red slowly faded, leaving only Dean’s normal, perfectly healthy skin. Dean smiled at that, remembering how he had thought the same thing about every gift he had encountered so far. “Why, what is your gift?”
They figured out pretty quickly that their taste in movies differed quite a lot and ended up sitting on the couch, not watching a movie at all but talking instead. Castiel had prepared some sandwiches that Dean practically inhaled in record time, to make up for no dinner, as he put it. Castiel smiled at that, not even finishing one sandwich before Dean finished the whole plate of five sandwiches.
“No one is killing anybody.” Chuck said and though his voice was calm, it was clear that there was no room for discussion here. “If word gets out about this, this whole organization might crumble. So unless you want to spend the rest of your days locked up in a cell alongside all of us, you will not disobey me in any way. The violence ends right now. We will sit it out.”
Everything happens very fast after Dean finally gets out of the bathtub. He is still not convinced all the blood is washed from his hair, even after Castiel shampooed him four times. Still, he does not want to wait another second. The flight to California will take way too long already. At some point Gabriel and Meg join them, helping them pack whatever Castiel deems necessary. They all walk out of the Institute together, and Dean is surprised to see a plane waiting for them. “Don't ever say I never did anything for you, little brother.” Gabriel says to Castiel as he hugs him goodbye. “I'll follow in a few days, we just have to take care of Megs working contract first.” Gabriel grins at the incredulous look Castiel gives him. “What? You didn't think I actually had to stay here, did you? I just wanted to keep you company.” They hug again and then Castiel enters the plane, ready to start his life.
Sam woke up under the same circumstances. It took him a moment to remember what happened right before he passed out; all the pain seemed to be gone now. “Dean?” He tried to sit up, only to realize restraints were tying him to the bed. He pulled them as hard as his worn out body would allow right now and closed his eyes as they didn’t budge. “Crap.” He mumbled to himself before scanning the room. There was a heart monitor next to the bed, but other than that the windowless room was entirely empty. His flannel pajama pants looked out of place in the white room.
They used a different door this time, and Dean realized they had never finished the tour Castiel had wanted to give him. All he had seen so far was the “mountain” and the beach. Now they were walking towards another building. Dean assumed it must be the gym, given the fact that he could see at least three people working out there.
This is my first time writing smut, I hope you enjoy it anyway. If you are not into that kind of thing and are here for the plot you can skip this chapter, the next one will continue with the storyline.
. The end of Dean’s sentence stayed unspoken as he realized what Cas was talking about and got up. “Okay, let’s go.” They made their way to the exit, but Castiel’s plan to take Dean to his room and show him his wings in their full form ended abruptly as Sam walked in.
“Cas…” Charlie started but Castiel glared at her and she stopped.
“How would you describe your gift, Sam? What does it feel like for you?” Castiel asked, not noticing the look Dean was giving Sam, daring him to say something. Castiel stepped even closer to Dean, leaning against him, subconsciously searching for more physical contact and Sam averted his eyes, unable to hide his grin from Dean.
There was an armchair standing in the corner of the room and they sat in it together, Dean only protesting for a moment when Castiel pulled him to sit in his lap.
“What?” Dean asked, stepping away from Castiel as he turned to look at him. “Not like they don't deserve it.”
“Yeah I can definitely see that.” Dean said with a smirk, and a playful glistening in his eyes. Castiel was suddenly very aware that Dean was not wearing a shirt. He had to force himself not to look away from Dean’s face as Dean reached out and pulled him closer by his arm. “Do you want to come inside?” Dean asked, and before Castiel had time to answer, soft lips were pressed against his own. He wrapped his arms around Dean’s middle and pulled him closer, feeling Dean’s heat radiating through the thin layer of fabric that was separating the two of them. “I think you should come inside.” Dean breathed against Castiel’s lips, pulling back a bit to look into the other man’s eyes.
“Where's Dean?” He asked, unsure whether he what he was feeling was just curiosity or regret over a missed opportunity.
Dean watched as the two of them walked away, Sam already perking up a bit as they talked. Then he turned to Castiel who was still looking pale and who had been quiet during their whole exchange. “Are you okay, man?” Dean asked, placing a hand on Castiel’s arm. “For a second I really thought you were dead.” Castiel said, frowning deeply as he looked into Dean’s eyes. “I’m good. I really am, Cas.” Dean said, stepping away to pick up the remains of his shirt. “We now have another problem that’s much worse.” He said, turning back to Castiel, trying to be serious but breaking out into a smile as he saw Castiel’s concerned expression. “I forgot my other shirt in the cafeteria.”
“It's over, Azazel. You lost.” Cas said coolly as Sam went limp in his arms, passing out for the second time this day.
Castiel put the sunglasses on and under different circumstances Dean would have laughed. Now he just took Castiel’s hand and opened the door, carefully stepping out of the room. “How long was I out?” Dean asked as they walked along the empty corridor.
“But I thought we were going to…” …
“Happy Birthday, Dean.” Sam smiled and moved a hand through his hair as he placed the box on the kitchen table. Dean turned around from his position at the window and looked at Sam with a smile on his face. “Thanks, Sammy. You could have told me that in the morning though. It’s late. No need to stay up that long.”
Dean leaned forward with a frown, not understanding what Castiel was talking about. He did not know which part of the man’s statement confused him most, and it took him a moment to realize what Castiel had just said. “What do you mean, Sam had an breakout? Is he okay? I need to see him.”
“So you're not angry with me?” Castiel asked and Dean shook his head. “I'm angry at the whole situation, not you specifically.” “But still including me?” Castiel kept pushing, worried Dean's behavior might be about him after all. Dean smiled at that, placing his hands on Castiel's hips and capturing his pouting lips in a chaste kiss. “I am not angry with you. Period.” He said and Castiel smiled relieved, hugging Dean closer and burying his face in the crook of Dean's neck.
“Sam.” Meg's gentle hand on his shoulder drew him back to reality. “Are you alright?” She asked, and Sam realized she must have talked to him when he was focused on Azazel.
“Dean.” He tried again, more urgently this time. Even though he consciously knew that Dean was only looking for a way to take out his frustration, he subconsciously started getting annoyed with Dean's childish behavior.
“Cassie!” Gabriel exclaimed as soon as he saw them, jumping up from his chair and making his way towards them. “Dean.” He added with a short nod towards Dean, stopping in front of them before turning to Castiel. “I’m gonna need you to switch shifts with me.” He said and Dean looked at Cas, unsure what Gabriel was talking about. The frown on Castiel’s face indicated that he knew exactly what Gabriel meant. “Again? Seriously, Gabe. Why don’t you just tell Chuck to stop assigning you to the Cells?” He asked with an exasperated sigh. Gabriel shook his head. “You know he won’t do that. Please?” Gabriel said, looking up at Castiel pleadingly. Cas shook his head and Gabriel’s hopeful smile dropped. “I would, but I can’t this week, as a new mentor I don’t have any shift that we could switch.” Gabriel frowned for a second before smiling brightly, having an idea. “I could take care of that. You go do my shift, I’ll make sure Dean-o here doesn’t spontaneously self-combust.”
“Just leave the island. Let my brother go and leave us alone. Take the win.” Dean said, closing his eyes tightly, entwining fingers with Castiel. Azazel's cold laugh ran shivers down his spine. “You see, there's a problem with that plan. To do what I do, I need my brother. We're a team. I'm the mastermind, he's the artist. Give him a blade and , oh, the
“Sorry about that. My brother can be a bit of a handful sometimes.” Castiel said, settling down at another table, keeping his distance to everyone else this time. “Yeah, no kidding.” Dean said, looking back at the two of them, fully making out by now. Gabriel even had his hands under Meg’s shirt.
Dean’s moan sent vibrations through Castiel’s cock and he groaned, running one hand though Dean’s hair, the other still clutched to a tight fist next to his side. He was panting hard as the pleasure built in his body. He tried to fight for more control but he knew he would not last much longer, not with the expertise Dean was displaying. “Dean, I…” He tried to warn Dean but his voice betrayed him, he was too breathless to form a full sentence. All he could do was gasp at the pleasure Dean gave him. Both of Dean’s hands found their way back to Castiel’s ass and Castiel watched amazed as Dean took the whole length of his erection down his throat, burying his nose in the dark curls at the base of his cock. Dean held it there for a few seconds before pulling back, humming softly on his way up. Dean looked up into Castiel’s eyes and the pure lust Castiel saw in them was enough to send him right over the edge. He came with a voiceless shout, Dean moaning as he pulled at his hair. There was a low thud as Castiel banged his head against the rock wall, legs almost giving in under him as waves of pleasure rolled through him.
Castiel did not respond so Gabe simply continued as soon as Meg had left the room. “I know you still had some things you wanted to say to him, and with the way he passed you never had a chance to say goodbye but I think maybe you should visit his grave. Talk to him. Tell him what you feel.”
Castiel interrupted himself as Dean scoffed. “Yoga? Seriously man, all due respect but that ain’t happening.” Castiel nodded as the younger man reacted as expected. “Fair enough. Shall we start with a tour then? You don’t seem to be dangerous and I believe if we leave now we can -“
Dean's body was healed as he awoke again, but his mind was still struggling with the panic as he was now buried in an even more horrific way. The soil he was stuck in was loose and Dean wriggled around, trying to push his arms up. Somehow he managed to move, somehow he fought his way to the surface. His lungs were threatening to burst and he felt incredibly dizzy but he kept going as long as he could. Relief flooded through him as his hand broke through the surface and he felt cool air on his skin. He used the last of his strength, at this point he did not even know anymore where he took it from and pushed himself up, gasping for air as he pushed his head through.
“Oh come on, it’s a little bit funny.” Dean said and couldn’t suppress the grin that was spreading across his face again. It amazed Dean how easy it was to tease Castiel. The man who had seemed so intimidating and powerful at first sight was now standing in front of Dean, breathless and blushing. His grin faded as he noticed how hurt Castiel actually looked. “Relax, man. I’m just teasing you.” He said and gently placed a hand on Cas' arm. Castiel just continued glaring at him, so Dean smiled softly and lowered his head to kiss Cas once again, for real this time. It was Castiel's turn to avoid the kiss, face stern, jaw clenched. He still did not talk and Dean took a step back, dropping his hand from Castiel's shoulder. Castiel looked him right in the eye, still leaning back against the door, seemingly waiting for something. An apology, maybe? Dean couldn't come up with a better reason for the challenging look in Castiel's eyes, so of course, he started apologizing. “I'm sorry, Cas. I was trying to make a joke. It was stupid, I shouldn't have…” Dean interrupted himself as he noticed the amused smile that Castiel was failing to hide. He narrowed his eyes at him, but couldn't help grin back as Castiel gripped his shirt and pulled him close again, smiling openly now. “You tricked me.”
“Screw that. Screw your stupid two weeks. I’m done. I’ve had enough. This place is crazy. I just passed out because I was in so much pain and the only thing you have to say to that is that it’s
Castiel turned around and Dean had to step back so he would not get hit by one of the wings. Immediately, Castiel stepped closer to him again, as if it was crucial to this conversation that they stayed in each other’s personal space. “I am sorry you had to find out like this. Thank you for not freaking out.” Castiel was so close to him that Dean could feel his breath on his face as he talked. Goosebumps rose on his arms and the back of his neck and he took Castiel’s hand in a sudden need to touch. “I meant what I said earlier. I won’t ever laugh at you. Especially not for something as amazing as this. They really are stunning.”
“Cas.” Dean says when Cas finally pulls him in, immediately wrapping his strong arms around the now slender figure of his lover. Cas buries his face in the crook of Dean's neck and starts crying tears of joy and relief. He had not expected to ever hear this voice again, to ever be in these arms again. He hugs Dean back almost too tightly, fearing that Dean might leave again if he lets go. Cas hates his tears. He doesn't want Dean to see him like this. He cried so much in these past few weeks and he does not want to cry anymore. Dean is perfect though, holding him close as Castiel sobs, talking to him quietly enough to keep Gabriel from hearing.
Gabriel helped her sit down, all the while glaring at Dean angrily. Dean cleaned up the mess, neatly putting everything back into Meg's med-kit before turning to Castiel for help. He was strong, probably strong enough to carry Sam into the bed by himself, but he did not want to take any risks.
“My, my, is that the way you talk to your favorite brother, Cassie?” Gabriel continued to tease Castiel who just rolled his eyes at him. “At the moment you’re my least favorite brother.” Gabriel let out a shocked noise and dramatically touched his hand to his chest. “That stings. Especially because I’m your only brother.” His comment dripped with sarcasm and Meg let out a low chuckle.
“Is there dessert?” Dean broke the silence, pushing his empty plate from him. Disappointingly, Castiel shook his head. “Not this time of the day. Official dinner is at seven, there is a good possibility that they’ll serve dessert then.”
He should have been more careful, he knew how important the drinks were to his father, how hard it was for him to get alcohol ever since he was not allowed the local liquor store. Nonetheless, Dean did not want to be punished, he did not want his father to beat him.
“No, by all means, let him finish. You would have what, Gabriel? Huh? What would you have done?” Dean challenged, towering over Gabriel as the shorter man was sitting on the couch. Gabriel narrowed his eyes but stayed silent.
He had worn it ever since that horrible night his father had slashed out at him with a broken bottle. Dean had only been seven years old at the time and he could not recall what it was that had his father so infuriated and he did not remember much of the trip to the hospital either. Still, the scar had been a constant reminder of what kind of person his father had become after their mothers death.
“Where's Sam?” He asked finally, surprised at how calm his voice sounded. He stood up tall, clenching his jaw as he focused on the single feeling that was bearable.
It wasn't until he heard exaggerated gagging noises coming from the other end of the couch that Cas remembered they weren't alone. Immediately he pulled back, pleased to see that Dean looked about as flustered as he felt. “Sorry, Sammy.” Dean said and smirked at his younger brother. Castiel's cheeks burned with embarrassment and he hid his face in the crook of Dean's neck.
“Gabriel.” Meg said firmly and Gabriel's mouth snapped shut, glaring at Dean angrily.
“Go away.” Castiel finally said, not looking at either of them, hiding under his wings.
“I swear I almost had a heart attack.”
Dean frowned deeply, opening his mouth to reason with Castiel, but he already strode off. “Now, Dean!” The barked command did not leave any room for objection and Dean caved, hurrying to get to the cafeteria.
______________
“You were out a few hours.” Castiel replies, but that's not what Dean asked. Dean knows it, Cas knows it. It's okay though, Dean doesn't really want to talk about it either. So Dean stays silent, reaching up to lock his fingers with Castiel's, smiling when Cas leans down to press a gentle kiss to Dean's hair.
As soon as Dean had turned 21, Ellen had hired Dean as a bartender in her Roadhouse. One day he and Jo would take over the whole business. Sam knew Dean also used the bar to hold not-so-legal poker tournaments and roughly one year later, after Sam had turned 16, Dean had saved enough money to buy them their own apartment.
Dean watched him, eyes narrowed. “Fine.” He said and, as Castiel did not reply, left.
“I'm here, Cas. I'm here for you. I love you.” There it is. Those three big words. Cas pulls away from Dean's neck, just enough to look him in the eye. “I love you.” Cas replies and finally, after all this time, Dean smiles at him, warmth and love overshadowing the pain in his gaze as he lowers his head, kissing Castiel sweetly. Finally, with this one kiss, Castiel feels like he could stop crying. He takes Dean's face in his hands and kisses him again, smiling through the kiss as Dean pulls his body closer. Cas can taste the dirt and even the blood on Dean's lips, but still this is everything he could have wished for and more. Dean is back, and everything is okay again.
He hated his full name. His father was the only one that had ever used it, only when he was drunk and angry.
“You just let me into the cell and I’ll kill him. I'll even take care of that brother of his if you want.” Dean said it with such determination and sincerity, Castiel dropped his hand from his shoulder. “Dean.” He said, unable to hide how shocked he was by the other man's words.
The thought crossed his mind just as Castiel gripped the hand that had dropped to Dean’s side. “Dean, please.” It was nothing more than a moan, deep and desperate, and it sent another wave of want straight into Dean’s groin. Castiel’s eyes were blown wide with lust and a quick glance to the bulge in his crotch assured Dean that Castiel was just as turned on by this as he was himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
Kneeling next to Castiel, Meg took out a pair of scissors and tried to take the hem of Dean’s shirt to cut it open, but Dean squirmed away. “Seriously, I’ll be fine. Just leave me be.” “Shut up and lie down. Let me do my work.” Dean tried to object again, but Meg just glared at him and raised her scissors in an almost threatening manner, causing Dean to close his mouth and do as he was told. He looked down at his own chest as Meg cut his shirt open and carefully peeled the fabric off his burnt chest.
Peter Petrelli is one of the main characters in the NBC show Heroes. It is one of my inspirations for this story and if you don't know it already, you should totally check it out!
“Dean Winchester, of course. Castiel has told me all about you. And he didn't exaggerate, you really are handsome. Such pretty eyes.” She said dreamily and winked at Dean who threw Cas a glance, unsure which one of them was blushing more. Of course Charlie noticed and smiled brightly. “This is so exciting. You’ll have to tell me all about you, Dean. You're making Castiel very happy.” She announced as she hooked her arm under Dean's and practically dragged Dean out of the cafeteria. Castiel stayed behind, watching as Dean turned to look at him, seemingly helpless as Charlie questioned him. His face was burning with embarrassment and he looked around, searching for a rock to crawl under. Sadly enough, the cafeteria did not have any rocks to offer and Castiel sighed deeply before following the two of them. If Charlie was going to talk to Dean he would have to make sure she did not reveal all of the cheesy things he had told her about Dean. Their relationship wasn't evolved enough for that.
“Wait, what?” Dean asked incredulously, unsure how Castiel came to this conclusion. He jogged after Castiel, barely keeping up with him without having to run.
“We are in a room.” Dean said, still holding Cas close as he ran a hand down his back.
. “What’s going on? Dean!” Dean’s body dropped to the floor heavily as he slid through Castiel’s grip, losing all muscle control in as he passed out.
Castiel was impressed by the strong bond that the Winchesters were displaying. It had only taken Dean a few moments to calm his brother down completely, something that only sedatives had achieved up until now. Castiel watched as the older brother explained what was going on and why they were here, content with the amount of information Dean had picked up from their somewhat short conversation.
Dean couldn't help himself, he just had to touch them. Without bothering to ask for permission his free hand reached up. Hot pleasure surged through him as his fingers tangled with the soft feathers. Both men groaned in unison and Dean's orgasm caught him with surprise. He came with a shout, splattering both their stomachs in cum, Castiel's name on his lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Now would be a good time to say something.” Dean said a little uncomfortably when Castiel was still staring at him a few moments later. Castiel opened his mouth and closed it again, overwhelmed by the situation. He had expected Dean to tell him that he wasn’t going to put up with Castiel’s crazy any longer. Had hoped that he might get one more chance to pull his act together before Dean decided he wanted a different mentor. Instead, Dean accepted his insecurity and even said he liked him
“How would he know?” Dean challenged, unwilling to let Castiel give him hope as he was sure this would not pan out anyway.
Castiel, surprised by this sudden turn of events looked at Dean, waiting for his explanation but not at all prepared for what he heard.
“Dean, I don’t think your healing is that good. You almost died, we have to get help.” Castiel said, genuinely concerned with Dean’s wellbeing. He looked at Dean, noticing how the other man slowly started relaxing. Amazed, Castiel watched as the blisters on Dean’s chest already started to shrink slowly. Just as Dean sat up on his own, Kevin came running with Meg who looked slightly disheveled and was carrying a bag of medical utensils. Castiel had to admit he didn’t even notice Kevin leaving, but he was grateful that someone was here to help.
Dean was the first to move. He pressed a soft kiss against the crook of Castiel’s neck, soothing the angry red mark his teeth had left there. “Thank you.” He said, feeling like he should say something, even though nothing he could say seemed worthy enough for a moment like this. “No, thank you.” Castiel replied softly. The kiss they exchanged was sweet, all of the heat and need gone. They only kissed for the sake of kissing, and it was Dean’s turn to wrap his arms around Castiel, wanting to hold him and be close to him. He only pulled back because he realized that the wings were gone. He wanted to ask about them, but Castiel looked so content that Dean decided to let it go, happy with the amount of time Castiel had let him see his true form.
“I can’t.” Castiel said decidedly. He had thought about visiting Dean’s grave several times, but he couldn’t do it, he was not ready.
Castiel moved up on the bed, looking at Dean expectantly and Dean was once again reminded that Castiel had never done this before. He would have to make it good for him. Dean unceremoniously pushed down his underwear and, now fully naked, crawled up the bed. Dean had wanted to put on a show for Cas, but he felt the same urgency that he could see in Castiel's eyes so he made quick work of opening himself up for Castiel.
“What, you wouldn’t want your brother to find it?” Dean replied with a laugh, making his way back to the building, still shirtless. Castiel’s smile dropped and he made a face, imagining all the comments he would have to endure if that happened. “We better hurry.” He said, following Dean quickly.
Dean looked at Castiel for a while, considering his options. He could pry further and risk upsetting Castiel, or he could wait and hope Castiel would open up to him on his own. He liked Castiel, a lot more than he should, and he was afraid Castiel could push him away if he was too nosey. On the other hand, Dean really needed to know what was going on and if he would start growing extra body parts at some point.
“I love you too.” Castiel replies, snuggling against Dean. His body is fully relaxed and the heat of the water and the safety of Dean's presence make him feel perfectly at ease.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam’s curious face softened and he sat up straight, looking up to his older brother who was still standing in the middle of the room. “I remember that he was always drunk. That he sometimes left for days on end, leaving you to take care of me. I remember all the times we hid in my room because he was raging about something stupid. I remember that you always took the blame, even when I did something wrong, and that that is the only reason he never once beat me.” Dean sat down next to Sam, he couldn’t listen to this standing up. He fixed his eyes on the black TV screen, avoiding to look at his younger brother. “I remember that you are the only reason I had something that remotely felt like a childhood. And I never got to tell you how thankful I am that…” “Don’t.” Sam stopped talking, taken aback by how harsh Dean’s voice sounded all of a sudden. “Don’t thank me, Sam. I was a horrible brother and an even worse son. I provoked dad so many times. You deserved better, you deserved to know what it’s like to have loving parents. A loving family. I am sorry you didn’t have that.” Dean kept looking away from Sam, even as he felt Sam shift to sit closer to him. “I had you, Dean. That was more than enough. Dad was a drunk and an asshole, he was looking for excuses to let his anger out on somebody. You gave them to him, so that it wouldn’t be me who gets beaten. Don’t think I never heard you two downstairs. I will never forget what it sounded like, the sound of his belt against your skin. The sound of you –“ Sam interrupted himself as Dean closed his eyes, body tense. “Did you know I always hid underneath my bed? I thought that, maybe, if I hide and put a pillow on my head I wouldn’t hear it. And if I wouldn’t hear it, maybe I could pretend like it wasn’t happening. I should have helped you, I should have stopped him. I am the one who should be apologizing.” Sam’s voice broke with the last words and Dean looked at him, shocked to see tears welling in his younger brother’s eyes.
“I don’t know.” Dean said, thinking, taking a sip of his soda only to find it was already empty. He placed the can on the table before resuming his position, looking at Castiel intently. “They are just exciting in general. Mostly fast paced, awesome fighting scenes, witty characters, hot chicks…” He interrupted himself at Castiel’s frown and flashed him a quick smile. “…and guys. I like both. That a problem for you?” Dean asked almost defensively as Castiel kept looking at him with that same frown. His sexuality had never been a secret and in the course of his life he’d met more than a few ass holes who didn’t understand the concept of being bisexual. Even some of the men he’d had a fling with had been less than understanding. It would suck to find out that Castiel was the same.
“Like I said, it is not unusual. With your family’s history we expected you to have your breakout much sooner as well. Your blood is very powerful and once we have confirmed that your gift is not dangerous for yourself or others, you can see your brother.” Castiel looked so serious as he talked that Dean was not sure whether he was going crazy and hallucinating things, or if his head was just messed up from the drugs. Dean opened his mouth, but his brain was so full of questions that nothing came out. “You look confused. Is something unclear?” Castiel’s eyes mustered Dean worried as he cocked his head slightly to the side with one eyebrow raised.
They took their showers separately after realizing this shower was too small to fit both of them without constantly rubbing against each other. It wasn't that they didn't like the idea of that, on the contrary, they knew if they wanted to actually leave to get food they would have to keep their hands to themselves. Dean, who had showered first and was already dressed sat on the bed, shamelessly watched as Castiel picked up his clothes and put them on. “Enjoying the show?” Castiel said, purposefully lowering his voice and locking eyes with Dean as he buttoned up his pants.
Dean stared at Castiel for a moment, unable to wrap his mind around what he was hearing. This place was even crazier than he’d expected. “If they really are that dangerous, why lock them up? Why not just kill them?” Dean asked when he found his ability to speak, really starting to regret having come here with Castiel. “That is not my decision to make, Dean. If you’d like to go back, I understand. I can handle myself in there.” Dean shook his head quickly. As much as he hated the idea of going in there with Cas, he hated it even more to think that Cas would have to go alone. “No. I’m fine. Let’s do this.” “Okay.” Castiel said and proceeded the type in the code. He scanned his hand right after and the heavy metal door opened quietly.
He quickly lit the candle and made his way to the door, forcing himself not to be too giddy about it. Dean was still late, and he was still annoyed. He couldn't fight the smile that spread across his face as he opened the door wide. “Hello, Dean.” He said before realizing that it was not actually Dean at the door.
For a split second, Sam's gaze waivered. For a split second, Dean almost believed he could break through to him. But then Sam lurched forward, punching him in the face with unrestrained force.
Then he showed off his take on electricity. It was a side of his power that he had only discovered recently and he had not perfected it yet, but rubbing his fingers together to create a bit of electric crackling seemed enough to impress both Winchesters.
“What is?”
Sam had not planned to kill Dean right away, but it never hurt to have a plan and if he just used enough force, surely he would be able to ram the scissors into his older brother's main artery. They had been sharp enough to cut through his shirt like butter. What? No. It was the first reluctant thought he had. He did not want to kill Dean. “What the fuck is wrong with you?” He mumbled to himself and reached under his pillow, ready to put the scissors back where he found them but froze as the door opened, hand wrapped around the scissors, hidden under his pillow. Maybe, if Dean came close enough, he would be able to do it right away. No. He couldn't will himself to let go though, only relaxing momentarily when he realized that Meg was alone.
“I don't know.” Dean replies honestly and smiles as Cas exhales an impressed. “Awesome.”
Immediately, Dean pulled back, wide eyes. “I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t have assumed…” Dean started and tried to step back, but Castiel was not about to let that happen. He pressed his lips back against Deans, one hand clutching Dean’s shirt to stop him from stepping away. He could feel Dean’s heart beat as the other man kissed him back, gently cupping Castiel’s face with one hand. Castiel relaxed into the kiss and let his instincts guide him. It started off slow as they explored and got to know each other. Eventually, Castiel’s lips parted and Dean took the invitation, sliding his tongue into Castiel’s mouth. Dean wrapped one strong arm around Castiel and pulled him even closer, their chests colliding. Castiel felt like all his life must have led up to this one, perfect moment. His hands moved along Dean’s muscular torso, one ending up in Dean’s hair, the other just resting on the other man’s shoulder.
“No!” Dean, who had tried his best not to look up couldn't bear it anymore. Castiel’s words scared him and he raised his head just in time to see Sammy stab himself with a giant kitchen knife. The sound he made was so angry it sounded almost inhuman and Dean lurched forward, tackling a very surprised Azazel. He didn't even care to make sure he didn't look Azazel in the eye, he just gave one well placed punch to the chin and Azazel's head crashed into the floor, knocking him out.
“Oh my god.” Dean’s first words were rough from all the coughing and his eyes were wide as he looked at Cain's dead body in the sand. “Did you do that?” Dean asked, letting go of Castiel enough to look him in the face, finding it blood spattered and streaked with tears.
“Awesome.” It was the first time Dean really got to look at Castiel up close and he was momentarily distracted by the other man’s features. He was slightly shorter than Dean, probably slightly older too. His eyes reminded Dean of swimming in the ocean, head under water and looking up at the bright sun.
It was Castiel’s turn to wrap his arms around Dean. He pulled him a little closer, holding him securely. “Close your eyes, Dean.” He watched as Dean closed his eyes and slowly unfolded his wings, using his energy to ensure Dean would not slip from his grasp.
Dean Winchester is dead.
“It’s quarter past 4. You slept for about 11 hours.” Even though Castiel never experienced it himself, he understood how weird the whole situation must be for Dean. Especially since John never prepared him for this. All things considered, Dean was acting extremely normal and seemed pretty relaxed.
Dean grabbed Castiel’s wrist, gently pulling Cas with him. “Come on.” He said, sitting down on the bed, motioning for Cas to sit next to him. Hesitantly, he did and Dean smiled at him, pulling him into a tight embrace. Castiel let Dean guide him as he moved them onto the bed. Unable to look at Dean as he was still feeling mortified, Castiel lay down on top of the blanket, head on one of his pillows, back turned to him.
Castiel barely had time to close his eyes before Dean’s soft lips were pressed against his own. His brain momentarily stopped working and instead of kissing back, Castiel only let go of Dean’s wrists.
“I have your food prepared. You'll have to put it in the oven for another hour. The pie goes in half an hour later, that way it has time to cool off before you eat it.” Adam said and raised an eyebrow at Cas. “You gonna let me in or what? I need to put this down.” He smiled and raised the food in his hands a little higher to show it to Castiel.
“Dean!” Castiel tried again, almost shouting now. Dean had started shaking, several tears falling from his eyes as Castiel shook him, doing his best to beak Dean from Azazel’s mind control. “Dean, snap out of it!” Castiel said before finally stepping back a bit and slapping Dean across the face, hard enough to make him stumble, head snapping to the side. It seemed to do the trick, Dean looked at Castiel, blinking the tears from his eyes and bringing one hand to his burning cheek.
“Deal.” Dean says and Castiel smiles, opening the tab and grabbing a towel. It is weird, being washed by another person like this. Castiel does not fill up the bathtub but instead continuously washes the towel, soaking it in water before wiping as much dirt as possible off Dean's body. It isn't until Dean notices that Castiel is only working with one hand that he notices the state his other hand is in.
“I want to show you something.” Castiel blurted out and stood up quickly, before he could change his mind. Dean looked up at him confused, not moving from his seat. “Come on, get up, I want to show you something.” Castiel said again, more firmly this time, looking at Dean with pleading eyes.
“What is the last thing you remember?” Castiel asked and Sam turned his head to look at him.
A wide grin spread across his face as Castiel tried to follow him and recapture his lips. Dean avoided the kiss, even stepping back and letting go of Castiel.
The task turned out to be harder than expected as they both had more experience creating storms, not pushing them away. “Maybe, if we go outside we will be more successful.” Sam said as another one of his gushes of wind blew open his suitcase.
Dean sat down on the bed, careful not to touch his brother. Though he was not bleeding at the moment, he was pale with blood loss. His hair stuck to his forehead, wet with sweat and what looked like blood.
“Which state do you live in?” Cas asked, genuinely interested about everything concerning the “outside world” as he liked to call it. Dean pushed his plate away, wiping his mouth with a paper napkin as he already finished all his burgers in record time. “Sammy and I grew up in Lawrence , Kansas. After our father died we moved to Maryland, just outside of DC.”
The next two days were a blur. Castiel was overjoyed to hear the good news, and immediately started packing all his belongings into boxes that Chuck very helpfully supplied.
Dean was taken aback by Castiel's sudden change of attitude. His smile had faded, replaced by that same careless mask that he had worn when he first entered Dean's room. His voice was calm, but the words stung.
“Metatron here says we might just have to wait it out. Time should weaken the link between Azazel and the patient. Eventually it could just fade on its own.”
“Dean Winchester needs to die.” Sam mumbled as he swung his legs out of the bed, way more agile than should be possible with his abdominal wound. The smirk he gave Dean was pure evil and Dean raised his hands in defense. “Sammy, please. I know you're in there, you need to fight this.”
“What?” Dean frowned, sitting up.
“Gabriel… He likes to use his Gift to trick people. He is an illusionist, can make you see and hear things that aren’t really there. If he were to ever leave this island, I am sure he’d expose us all in a matter of days.”
Castiel’s cock was almost painfully hard and trapped in his tight jeans. He momentarily forgot how to breathe as Dean sunk down to his knees in front of him. Castiel felt soft lips pressed to his stomach, right below his bellybutton. Once again there were fingers opening his pants and this time Castiel shook with anticipation, rather than nerves. Dean made quick work of it, pushing Castiel’s pants down and helping him step out of them. Castiel suppressed a moan and his eyes fluttered shut as he felt Dean’s hot breath against his erection that was barely contained by his boxer briefs. The feeling, combined with the visual of Dean on his knees, face only an inch away from Castiel’s throbbing cock almost made him come right there and then.
“Not everybody is a toy for you to play with, kitten. Besides, judging by the state of Cassie’s neck, I think Dean-o here already had his fill. Good for you, brother, was about time.” Gabriel grinned at Castiel, whose face immediately turned red.
“I saw what happened that day, remember? I was the one who called Bobby while you were still standing there, staring at dad’s body. You…” Sam couldn’t stand it anymore, Dean was looking so miserable. He leaned forward and pulled him into a hug, wrapping his long arms around Dean’s torso securely. “You saved me, Dean. You saved both of us.” Dean hugged him back, hesitantly at first, then stronger, clinging onto his younger brother.
“And you are not a horrible person, Dean.” He said and placed one hand on Dean’s cheek when Dean turned his head away. He could feel Dean’s jaw clench and moved even closer to him, all but sitting on his lap now. “Hey. Look at me.” Their noses almost brushed against each other when Dean finally looked back at Castiel. “You are
“What about him?” Dean replied, unsure what all this secrecy was about.
Dean gave a quick summary of the events that had occurred, ending with the fact that Azazel was being locked up again in this very moment and that everybody was safe again. Meg nodded at that, glancing at Sam doubtingly. Then she grabbed Dean by the arm and walked out the door with him, closing it behind them to prevent Sam from hearing what she had to say.
“I'll help you.” He said, smiling at his brother. “We will leave here tomorrow as planned. I'll help you push the storm away.”
“This is a bad idea, Dean.” Castiel said, his voice sounding even deeper than normally when he was worried. Dean couldn’t help but find that kind of hot. “Oh come on. Please? I’m sure we’ll be fine. It’s not like we have to go in their cells and spend some quality time with them, right?” Dean said and Castiel frowned at him, not saying anything. “Right?” Dean repeated, suddenly feeling less thrilled at the though of having to be in the same room as some psychos.
“Nice.” Sam said, genuinely impressed before turning to Dean again, still feeling concerned and guilty. He opened his mouth to say something, but Dean raised a hand to stop him. “I’m good. Seriously, no need to feel guilty.” Sam frowned, unsure how Dean could forgive him this easily. “I almost killed you.” Dean smiled at him with a shrug. “But am I dead?” He said cheerfully and let out a small sigh when Sam wouldn’t stop frowning. “Seriously, stop worrying about me, I feel good. Kevin.” He said firmly, and Kevin stepped closer, looking at him attentively. “You tell him more about that college thing of yours, take his mind off this.” Sam opened his mouth, trying to object but Dean shook his head and waved a hand. “Go.”
The sudden loud voice behind them made both men turn around. The man that was approaching them had flowing grey hair, a beard and a serious, almost threatening aura. “I am.” Dean said, instinctively stepping forward to block Castiel from the stranger. All his instincts told him this man was dangerous.
“You seem pretty controlled to me.” Dean’s question stayed unspoken, but Castiel knew what he meant. He leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms in front of his chest. He did not like explaining why he chose to stay on the island. No matter how many times he was asked this question, coming up with a suitable explanation was never easy. He was ashamed of his mutation and Castiel did not want Dean to be repelled by knowing his secret.
“I am not a doctor, so I’m afraid I can’t fully answer that question. I only know that the Gene affects the brain and body in a way that makes it possible for us to do things that other people cannot do. Some people have the Gene but never have a breakout. Some people don’t have a breakout until they are very old. Most of the time the breakout happens in someone’s mid-twenties. It can also be caused by situations of extreme stress, which is what happened to your brother. He thought he was losing you and that triggered his early breakout. A breakout is always painful because the body goes through a profound change in a very short amount of time. In your case it was so powerful that you passed out. So did Sam.”
“That’s bullshit and you know it. I cant be hurt. I will not rest. I want to see my brother.” Dean was furious. It was obvious, that Cas was lying to him. The man did not have the steadiest face when lying and Dean was not buying one second of it. “Where is he?” Castiel’s smile faltered and he avoided Dean's gaze. “We don't know.”
Dean smiled brightly at Castiel, holding him close. “You were right, by the way. The view up here is amazing.” He said, not taking his eyes off Castiel. He watched as Castiel’s already rosy cheeks turned even redder and couldn’t hide his grin. “You really do look cute when you blush. You should get used to my compliments though. You’ll be hearing a lot more of them if you want to continue spending time together.”
“There is no need to feel sorry, Dean. Sometimes I just like to remind myself that there is more to this world than just this one island. Doesn’t mean I’m not open for new experiences. What is it that you find so exciting about action movies?” Castiel explained, folding his legs underneath him as he sat up straight. His posture was the exact opposite of Dean’s, who was slouching on the couch, legs spread almost obscenely wide. Both men had chosen their very own corner spot, positioning them on either side of the couch.
It's a reasonable reaction. Dean knows it, but he can't help but feel disappointed. He had expected Sam to open the door immediately, to surprise him in person. This is not at all what he had imagined on his way here.
“I don't know. I didn't go to the funeral, I was with you, remember? All I know is that they didn't know where to keep the body, so they had to bury him as soon as the casket arrived. I can only imagine how he got out of there. Must have been horrible to wake up like that.” Gabriel says, walking into the kitchen.
“The patient's name is Sam. And that is an awful lot of mights and maybes. How would he know that?” Dean said coolly, his suppressed hostility only noticeable by the way he clenched his jaw. Castiel picked up on it and placed a hand on Dean's shoulder, stepping behind him, invading his personal space, hoping to calm him with his presence.
Castiel moaned at the mix of pleasure and pain as Dean tugged at his feathers. He forced himself not to give him, watching as Dean came beneath him. Nobody was even touching Dean's cock at the moment and Castiel had never seen anything hotter. “Fuck..” He mumbled, replacing Dean's hand with his own, jerking himself to completion.
“Cassie.” He said, and by now the nickname was not mocking anymore, it was loving and understanding, caring. Gabriel looked at him with a mixture of disappointment and compassion and Castiel sighed, following willingly as Gabe took him to see Meg.
“This is nice.” Castiel remarks, finally smiling again as he sits between Dean's legs, leaning against him as Dean's strong arms wrap around him from behind. “It is.” Dean says with a soft kiss to Castiel's shoulder. Castiel's back feels bone-y against Dean's chest, and Dean makes a mental note to himself to get Castiel to eat normal again.
“Time for breakfast.” She said instead, walking towards Cas and offering the banana to him. It wasn't really an offer though, more of a silent command and she was determined to force him to eat it. He looked horrible, worse than she would have imagined. A week of crying and fasting had dehydrated Castiel. His lips were dry and rough, his eyes were red and puffy, standing out even more as the rest of his face was pale and sunken. His body was too small for his clothes as he had lost weight, both fat and muscles. Meg was surprised he was even able to stand at all, and even more surprised when Cas took the banana from her without objecting. She watched as he ate it, clearly struggling with every single bite, fighting to swallow at all and then fighting to keep the food down. This was good. It was horrible, and painful to watch but it was progress and progress was good. At least that's what she thought.
“Cas, it's Dean. He… He's gone.” Charlie finally managed to get out and Castiel frowned. “What do you mean, he's gone? He wouldn't leave without me. We were scheduled to leave together.” Castiel said and then it dawned on him. Dean had left him behind. “Is that your blood?” He stepped closer to Gabriel and took his hands into his own, looking at him to search for any cuts or a source of all the blood. “Did he hurt you? You tried to stop him and he hurt you. That son of a…” “Cas!” Gabriel interrupted him and pushed him to sit on the chair. “It's not my blood, I'm not hurt. Dean is. He and Sam were outside in the storm and a piece broke out of the hill. It fell right on him.” Gabriel explained and Cas’ eyes widened. “Oh my god, is he alright? Did he finish healing yet? I need to go see him.” Castiel said and jumped up, ready to push Gabriel aside if necessary.
They soak in the hot water for a long time, quietly talking to each other about everything and nothing. Castiel informs Dean that Sam is at Stanford, living with Jessica who is talking good care of Sam. Castiel stayed in touch with Sam, even after- They don’t talk about that. Somehow, they manage to pretend like nothing of importance happened. Dean was away for a time and now they catch up, as couples do. They also talk about wanting to leave the island. Dean knows he can’t stay here, not with Sam gone. Castiel will come with him, they don’t even have to talk about that. Neither of them are willing to leave the other and Castiel would do everything to ensure that he never has to lose Dean again. Dean would like to say the same. That he would do everything for Cas, even stay on this island but he can’t. Not after- He just can’t.
Castiel himself was painfully hard, watching Dean fall apart under his touch had him leaking precome in no time. He had used his own gift to stimulate himself before, so he knew exactly what Dean was feeling. He kissed Dean again, swallowing the hot sounds falling from Dean's lips. The younger man was trembling with pleasure and Castiel let go of Dean's cock, not wanting to end this too soon. Immediately, Dean's hands unclutched from the sheets and were on Castiel, one hand tugging his hair gently, the other finding Castiel's erection. Castiel moaned filthily at Dean's touch, dark, velvety wings spreading above them as Castiel let his gift take over.
“Cassie!” Gabriel exclaimed as soon as he spotted the two men coming. Castiel rolled his eyes at the stupid nickname and pulled out a chair to sit down. “Guys, this is Dean.” He said after they both sat down next to each other. Dean awkwardly put the flannel that was a little crusty by now under his chair, hoping the other two wouldn’t question it. “Dean, this is my brother Gabriel and his girlfriend Meg. She works in the hospital wing.” Castiel continued explaining, not noticing that Dean wasn’t even looking at the people in front of him yet.
“I’m so happy to see you too, Cas. But you're right, I should get going, Chuck wanted to see me. Peace out, bitches.” She said with a bright smile, and just like that she was gone.
abnormal? You don’t even know why I have no home. Why I have never left this island since the day I was born. You’re lucky. You only have to wait for two weeks after you learned to control whatever gift you just developed and then you can go back home. You can leave, you can see the world. Me? I am stuck here forever. I will never be able to leave here because I am an abomination. I am the real freak here.” Dean watched with wide eyes as the air behind Castiel seemed to thicken and form shapes. At first they were nothing more than a shadow, then fog, but eventually two giant black wings unfolded behind Castiel. “So don’t come crying to me about wanting to be normal.”
Meg had no experience fighting and she made it out alive by sheer luck. She ducked under Sam's arm and punched the bandage, trying not to hold back as she was still reluctant to actually hurt the boy.
They just stare at each other for a few seconds, neither of them really knowing what to say, both of them on the verge of tears. Castiel turns around to look at Gabriel who is looking at Dean, wide eyes and surprised. Maybe this is real. Maybe Dean is back. Castiel wants to believe it, and this Dean in front of him does not look like one of Gabriel's illusions. He quite literally looks as if he just crawled out of a grave, covered in dirt and what was most certainly blood. Castiel raises his hand hesitantly, afraid that touching him might destroy the illusion, afraid that this might not be real after all.
Outside, it had started to storm again and bright lightning illuminated the room. The feathers of Castiel’s wings seemed to break the light and for a moment the white walls around them were covered in tiny specks of color, scattered across the walls. Dean was standing so close to Castiel, he easily could have touched the wings, but for some reason he didn’t want to do that without the other man’s permission. Slowly, carefully so as not to accidentally bump against them, Dean walked around Castiel to get a better look at the beautiful wings. The way Castiel shied away from him proved that he had been right not to touch them.
“You had another breakout. We needed to see that you’re not dangerous.”
Startled, Castiel flinched and scrambled to sit up, pushing Dean off of him and onto the floor in the process. “Dean.” Gabriel added with a casual nod towards Dean and proceeded walking across the room. “Please. Don’t stop on my count.” Dean sat up and looked at Castiel confused, rubbing his head where he bumped it on the floor.
“How did you do that anyway? I don’t think I understand what your gift is.” Dean said as they made their way back to the main building. By now Dean was almost certain he had seen actual wings earlier and he hoped to get Castiel talking about them.
Cas shows Dean his favorite place of the island, Dean enjoys the view.
“Cas, please. We can help you through this.” Charlie said and Castiel felt her weight settle down onto the soft mattress. Castiel flinched as her hand settled on his leg, careful to avoid his wing as he had never even let her see them before.
Their lips crushed together in another needy, passionate kiss. Castiel felt Dean’s hands opening his belt and
“Documentaries? Really?” Dean asked for the third time this evening, putting down the now empty plate on the coffee table. Castiel had tried to change the subject twice already but Dean did not seem to be able to get over it. “I mean, those aren’t even real movies, man. They’re just. I don’t know.
“I want you to fuck me.”
Slowly, almost cautiously he made his way across the room and unceremoniously sat on the floor, right in front of the box. He stared at it for a few seconds, as if expecting something horrible to suddenly jump out of it. Though he knew that the boxes contents would still hurt him emotionally, even if they were not very likely to charge and attack, Castiel finally opened the box.
Neither of his three caretakers knew what to do of his newfound restlessness. They watched him like hawks as he spent the next few days pacing through the halls of the Institute, looking like a ghost haunting the building. After a week of resting, Castiel found himself unable to stop walking once he started. Everyone that wasn't Meg, Charlie or Gabriel avoided him as if he was fatally diseased and highly contagious. In a way he was. Entering a room his presence immediately drained all life from it, all happiness faded and all conversation stopped that one time he decided to enter the cafeteria. He knew starving himself to death was not an option so he had started eating and drinking again. Dean wouldn't have wanted him to die. All eyes were on him as he walked through the room to get his food. The tips of his wings dragged across the floor as they hung behind him, as lifeless as he felt. No words were spoken the entire time he was there, and even after he left people sat in gloomy silence.
Unsure of how to react to the situation, Castiel cleared his throat and licked his lips nervously. “Yes. Uh. No. I mean, I think it should be here somewhere?” Never before had Castiel felt more awkward. He looked at Dean, who was as devastatingly handsome as ever, even with his hair messed up by Castiel’s clumsy hands. The amused expression on Dean’s face was infuriating and Castiel frowned at him. “You’re an ass, you know that?” Castiel snapped and clenched his jaw as Dean started laughing out loud. “It is not funny.” He said coolly, knowing full well that Dean was just teasing him. Two can play that game.
“He’s strong. Like, super strong. He is still learning not to accidentally break everything he touches.” Castiel explained as Dean looked at him quizzically. “He’s making good progress though, seeing as my shoulder is still intact. Risky, what he just did there.” Cas added, rubbing the spot that Benny just touched. “Wow. That must suck.” Dean said, unable to imagine what it must be like to break everything with a simple touch. “How long has he been here?” Dean asked as they continued walking, taking Castiel’s hand again. “Little more than a month. With all the progress he is making he’ll be able to leave in about three months.” Dean’s eyes widened. “Three months? That’s so long. Do you think I’ll have to stay that long? And Sammy?” Much to Dean’s relief, Cas shook his head. “No. You got lucky, it seems like you got two Gifts that you’ll have to learn to use, rather than to suppress. It’s always easier to learn a new skill than it is to stop yourself from doing something that happens subconsciously. It’s like trying to force yourself to unlearn a reflex. Some people never manage it, Benny is making great progress.” Dean nodded slowly, walking back into the main building. “What about Sam? It seems like he is using his gift as a reflex.” Castiel shrugged, leading Dean to the cafeteria. “True, but just think about how much he learned in the course of one day. He is showing great promise. I am sure you two will be able to leave in no time.” Dean smiled at that, relieved that Sam would not be missing out on too much education. It was important to him that Sam got his scholarship, that he went to Stanford to study law, that his little brother got everything he wanted in life.
The sand beach was long and empty, apart from four men that were playing beach volleyball. There even were palm trees and Dean’s mood immediately improved as he inhaled the fresh air. “You were right, this is quite peaceful.” In response, Castiel gave him one of these rare smiles that Dean had grown to like. “You think this is peaceful? Wait till you see the mountain. It’s my favorite place here.”
“I'm sorry?” Dean asked, certain he must have misheard that.
Castiel blinked at Dean, surprised by the sudden change of attitude. He tried to recall his first lessons, but because he had grown up at the Institute he barely even remembered them. Castiel thought to himself that Chuck could not have chosen someone less suited for this job. He dared to risk stepping closer to Dean as he did not seem to pose an imminent threat.
Sam was certain he had not shown any interest to kill Dean.
“You can fly? That is so cool.” Dean said, stepping closer to Castiel. “Do you think you could fly both of us up there?” Castiel finally looked at Dean and grinned a bit at the thought of carrying Dean. “A bit lazy, are we?”
“They are quite cool once you get to know them.” Dean laughed at Castiel’s words and took his hand again, this time above the table. “You have to say that, he’s your brother.” Castiel smiled and shook his head, watching as Dean’s thumb circled the back of his hand. “No, they really are, they’d do everything for me. Meg once broke a guy’s arm because he laughed at my -” Castiel stopped, suddenly avoiding eye contact and pulling his hand out of Dean’s grip.
They stood like that for what felt like eternity, breathing into each other’s mouths. Castiel was still holding Dean’s softening cock, Dean’s arms were wrapped around Castiel’s neck, one hand lazily stroking through his hair. “That was unexpected.” Dean said, still standing close to Castiel, looking into his eyes with a smile on his face.
Dean flinched at the knock at the door. “Dean.” Castiel’s voice was barely muffled by the thin wood and the way he said his name was as deep and intense as ever. “Are you alright in there?” Dean scrambled to pull on his undershirt and threw on his plaid button up before opening the door. “I’m good to go.” He said, sounding more confident than he felt.
Dean frowned at Sam, trying hard not to get annoyed with him for not answering his question right away. “Please just.. Just answer the question. What do you remember about him and most importantly the day he… died.” There, he said it. Dean had never talked to anyone about what had happened that day. The police had ruled it as an accident and he had never corrected them. Nobody knew and even Dean himself had tried his best to forget, but now it had all bubbled up again. He had to know if Sam remembered that he was the one who killed their father – and if so, why he never said anything about it.
“Dean.” Castiel said, but Dean didn’t react, not even when he shook him gently.
Thank you for reading, I hope you liked it. If you feel like it, let me know what you think in the comments or by leaving some kudos. Thanks!
Dean, who had let Castiel distract him from his initiate doubts, froze as he felt a hand slide into his boxers, gripping his semi hard cock. “Cas…” He mumbled against the other man’s lips, pulling back as much as possible. He placed a hand on Castiel’s chest, not letting him follow. “Stop.” He said firmly, looking into Castiel’s eyes. Castiel blushed deeply and removed his hand from Dean’s boxers. “You don’t want to. I’m sorry.” He said, casting his eyes down, avoiding Dean’s gaze.
The wings were big, almost big enough to brush the ceiling. Right now they were tense and pulled to Castiel’s sides, but Dean had a feeling they would be even bigger once Castiel relaxed. The long, dark feathers were shimmering like silk, and Dean had to step away to fight his urge to touch them. “They’re beautiful.”
“I was just glad I didn't lose you today.” Castiel finally said, moving one hand to caress Dean's cheek. Dean closed his eyes at the gentle touch and let himself enjoy it for a while before turning his head and kissing Cas' fingertips. “I'm glad I didn't loose you, too.” Dean replied earnestly, resting his own hand on the back of Castiel's neck and pulling him in for a long, slow kiss.
“Dean.” Sam looked disheveled, his hair standing in all directions and still wearing his pajamas. He strode through the room with long steps and before Dean knew it he was pulled into a tight hug. “I thought something bad might have happened to you. Are you okay? You look okay.”
“Dean.” He started hesitantly, and just like that, the dam was broken. Words came pouring out of him and there was nothing that could stop them, not even Gabriel’s presence.
“Sam!” Dean watched helplessly as the man, he could only imagine was Azazel, led his little brother away. He barely managed to avert his eyes realizing soon enough that the man was turning back to look at him. He avoided the man's gaze as his stomach twisted painfully. His little brother was gone. He hadn’t expected this loss to physically hurt, but it did. It spread through his body, a searing hot pain threatening to rip him apart. Unable to stand any longer, he fell to his knees, shouting out in pain. People came rushing to his help but he didn’t hear them. He didn’t see them. His vision was blurry and he drifted off, finally surrendering to the unconsciousness consuming him.
There was a soft knock at the door and for a second, Cas panicked that Dean could be early. He had promised not to come before seven, and now it wasn't even six yet. Castiel was nowhere near ready and this needed to be perfect. He walked to the door, ready to tell Dean to come back later. He opened it, careful not to open it too far as he did not want Dean to see the partially set table.
The blush in only deepened as Castiel stepped up against him, body flush with Dean's back as strong arms wound around Dean's middle. “Hey, handsome.” Castiel said with his gravelly deep voice and Dean thought his head might just explode as he felt the other man's lips drag along his ear, his breath hot against his skin. He couldn't suppress the low sigh escaping his lips as Castiel continued pressing soft kisses to his neck and his shoulder.
And just like that, they left. Castiel wanted to call them back, to tell them to hold him, to tell them to make things alright. But things wouldn't be alright. Dean was gone and no comfort in the world would be able to make this pain go away. So, instead of asking for their help, Castiel cried alone. Shielded off by his wings he cried into the pillow that smelled so much like his lover. He cried for hours and hours, until his stomach hurt from the sobbing and the pillow beneath him was soaked. He cried until there were no more tears to cry, and then some more. He cried until he finally passed out, exhausted and alone.
Dean looked out of the window, surprised to see the floor outside wet with puddles. He had been so wrapped up in his own thoughts that he had not even noticed how bad he had made Sam feel. “I don’t do anything if I don’t want to. It’s not like my healing thing, I can feel it inside me, but I have to reach out to it to make something happen. When I do, whatever happens seems to be pretty random though.” Dean explained and Castiel stepped closer to him, shaking his head. “It is not random at all, it is closely connected to your emotions.” Dean looked at him with a smile, reaching out to take his hand. Of course he noticed Sam’s gaze dropping to their hands and the smile spreading across his face. Surprisingly, he found that he didn't care what Sam thought. If he wanted to touch Cas, he would.
“Awesome. What time is it now?” Dean asked, having lost all sense of time since his little trip here. For all he knew, it could be 10 in the morning.
“Now that we're all done with that stupid pissing contest, I believe I said you need to bring Sam to the hospital wing. What are you even still doing here?” Meg, clearly done being taken care of, pushed Gabriel away from her, getting up in the process. “Follow me.” She said, and as broken and beaten up as she looked herself, none of them dared to object.
Dean let out a strangled moan as he watched Castiel lick the palm of his hand before finally taking his long neglected erection into his hand and starting to stroke it. The movement was hesitant and somewhat clumsy but Dean closed his eyes as a surge of pleasure ran through his body. He needed to be closer to Castiel and kissed him again, desperate and filled with lust. He ran one of his hands through Castiel’s hair, placing the other over Castiel’s, helping him stroke his cock, hunting his own release. He groaned softly into Castiel’s mouth as Castiel sped up the pace of their hands, driving him so much closer to orgasm. “Oh fuck. Cas. Please don’t stop.” The pleasure of feeling Castiel come into his mouth had been enough to push him close to the edge and it did not take long before Dean came hard, cum spilling all over both their hands, Castiel’s name on his lips.
“Hm. We should.” Dean replied, lazily stroking through Cas' hair, inhaling the other man's scent as he placed a soft kiss on his shoulder. “You'll have to put on a shirt though, that gorgeous body is for my eyes only.” Dean said as he finally stepped back. He was half joking, half serious but the way Cas' eyes widened at his comment made him blush. He had no right to be acting possessively. Luckily, Castiel didn't care to comment and simply pulled on his shirt that was lying at their feet.
“I don't care. He can control it, you know he can. He will come with me, whether you like it or not.”
Dean nearly dropped the picture and spun around as one of the doors opened. His legs tried to give in beneath him because of the sudden movement but he was determined to show strength to whoever it might be that had brought him here. This was not a hospital, there was no medical stuff around and a hospital would not have brought his things along. The man that entered the room looked genuinely surprised as he saw Dean standing by his bed. “I was told you would not be awake yet.” The stranger mustered him with strikingly blue eyes. “I think it would be best if you sat down, your body needs to recover from the sedatives and the transport. It has been an eventful night.” Even though the man’s voice was deep and calming, Dean felt on edge.
Dean’s warm smile turned into a tortured expression and he pressed one hand to his chest. “Oh.” Was all he said, suddenly looking pale and inhaling audibly, almost gasping for air. The laptop hit the floor hard as it slid through Dean’s fingers and he put his now free hand on the desk, face contorted in pain. Castiel hurried over to him, grabbing his arms to hold him up as Dean’s legs gave in. “Dean, are you okay?”
It took Castiel a moment before he realized which shirt Dean was talking about. He couldn’t help grinning with Dean as he remembered what they had used it for. “Let’s just hope nobody found it yet.”
Dean nodded, impressed. “That’s neat. Bet that comes in handy a lot. Why are you still here then, that doesn’t sound like something you have to learn to control?” Kevin smiled and shrugged. “I like it here. It’s peaceful and I can focus on college. After I finished my online diploma, I’ll work on my PhD, then I’ll leave here and become the first Asian American president of the United States.” Kevin said very matter-of-factly and smiled proudly.
It was weirdly domestic, standing next to each other in front of the big bathroom mirror, brushing their teeth. Dean liked it though, smiling at Cas’ reflection in the mirror. “You’re so lucky.” He said once they had both rinsed their mouths, looking around the bathroom. It was roomy, much bigger than what Dean was used to. The sink had one of those fancy faucets with a motion sensor and there was a shower and even a separate bathtub, something Dean had never seen before in real life.
“Just go. Leave me alone.” Castiel insisted, and Gabriel sighed, taking Charlie's hand away from his brother. “Let's give him some time.”
“I apologize for her behavior.” Castiel said as the two of them started walking as well, not really planning it but ending up walking on the beach, Dean's arm still slung around Castiel's waist, Castiel's hand in Dean's back pocket.
. Dean must have felt Castiel’s hesitation, he pulled back slightly and looked at Castiel intently. “Is this okay?” Dean sounded breathless and his eyes were filled with lust, but also sincere concern. Somehow Castiel knew that Dean would stop if he asked him to and the knowledge that Dean cared enough to ask sent another wave of want through Castiel. He didn’t trust his voice not to break so he simply nodded, looking into Dean’s green eyes before diving in for another kiss. Dean kicked off his shoes and Castiel mirrored the movement, his fingers fumbling to open Dean’s jeans.
“Now, how do we get up there?” He had never been rock climbing and did not want to start today either, not in this heat.
“The Institute is a place for people like us, who are gifted. It is situated on an island in the Atlantic ocean. The American government thought it would be better for us to stay away from civilization because some gifts can get quite dangerous. Yes. The American government knows about this.” Castiel added as Dean looked at him with an eyebrow raised. “Actually, the mutations happened because governmental research centers experimented with the manipulation of human genes. We are their attempt at creating supersoldiers. The only reason we are not forced to fight their battles for them is that the Gene is rather random, and most of us do not have abilities suited for war.”
“Yeah. Uh. Yeah that’s a good idea.” Dean couldn’t fight the smile that was spreading across his face and was glad Castiel looked as flustered as he felt. It was inexplicable to Dean, but kissing Castiel had been unlike anything he had ever experienced before. Even though they barely even knew each other, it felt right. Dean had to force himself to step back, feeling like they would not ever make it out of this room if he didn’t stop right there. As much as he wanted to stay and explore Castiel’s whole body, as much as he wanted to take things to the giant bed that was so conveniently close right now, Dean had to know what exactly he got himself into. The more he knew about this place, the sooner he would be able to go back to his old life. He felt a little bummed out that his own powers were nowhere near as cool as Sam’s, but at the same time he was relieved that he would not have to start doing yoga to be able to focus on controlling himself.
Benny was the first person that Garth ran into and after he had calmed down enough to get out a word Benny started sprinting towards the beach as Garth went to inform more people of what had happened.
to interrupt us.” His accusation was met with silence and Dean shifted from one foot to the other, suddenly feeling like he was intruding. Just then Gabriel stepped back out of the kitchen to look at them. “Now, now, Cassie. You don’t get to accuse me of being a cock-block. My lady demanded food and who am I to deny her anything. It was not my intention to keep you from finally loosing it.”
“Come with me.” He blurted out, three days before he was set to leave. They were sitting at the dinner table in Castiel's apartment, eating the apple pie Dean had made for desert.
“Alright then.” Dean smiled and slowly got out of bed, hard muscles moving under smooth skin as Dean stretched. The morning sun accentuated the freckles that were scattered across his chest and shoulders, and Castiel wondered how he had not noticed them before.
“Dean.” The intensity of Castiel’s stare made Dean want to sink into his pillows and take back everything he just said. “As I already said, you cannot leave this room until we know that you are not going to endanger anyone. I don’t know why your parents kept this a secret from you, but the Gene is real. Your father had it and he passed it on to you. You have to stay here for a minimum of two weeks after we figured out your gift. We cannot risk you endangering civilians.” Deans anger prevailed over his intimidation and he jumped off the bed again. “My father was a drunk and an ass. He did not have any gift and neither do I. This is insane. I will go to find my brother now.” He said and stormed to the door, only to find Castiel right in front of him. He stumbled back as he bumped into the man and watched with wide eyes as Castiel started to glow from the inside. His whole body emitted a white light that was so bright, Dean had to fight the urge to avert his eyes. “I said you cannot leave this room.” Castiel’s voice was calm, but threatening and Dean involuntarily took a step back and watched in awe as the man’s shadow unfolded two giant wings that spread out across the whole white wall behind him. It was then that Dean was convinced this could not be a joke, everything looked too real. He would have to accept that maybe his image of the world was wrong and that there was something bigger and better than humanity. And apparently, Dean was a part of it. Dean had always been a fan of superhero movies and if this was to be his new reality he just hoped his superpower was something cool. “Alright then. How do we find out what I can do?”
Castiel noticed how forced Dean’s smile was but decided not to say anything about it, not wanting to give Dean more reason to withdraw himself. “I thought we could talk to Sam about your new gift. Maybe you two can practice together. Like you said, you seem to have copied both your father and your brother, maybe you can help each other learn quicker.” Dean nodded at that. “Yeah, makes sense. I would like to talk to Sam alone for a little while first though. Do you mind waiting in my room?” Dean asked and Castiel shook his head. “No, not at all.” He said and Dean smiled, honestly this time. “Thank you, Cas. I’m sorry about earlier.” Dean shifted from one foot to the other, still feeling embarrassed that he’d cried. Castiel smiled back warmly, taking one of Dean’s hands. “There is no need to apologize. Azazel played with your feelings, your mind. I’ve been there. I hope you know, that - if you ever need to talk about it - I’m here to listen.” “I know.” Dean nodded and squeezed Castiel’s hand one time before turning to go into Sam’s room. “I’ll come get you when I’m done.” He said and knocked shortly twice, before entering the room without waiting for an answer.
“Meg, I am so sorry.” He said, walking towards her. “It should have been me with him, not you.”
The darkness that surrounded him suddenly was gone. His casket was illuminated by a bright, white light and contrary to his former believes, it did not help soothe his panic. On the contrary, Dean's breath came in short, fast pants as he looked around, horrified by the light wood surrounding him and the dark blood staining the casket lid. It was all but dripping down on him and he couldn't continue fighting, paralyzed with the realization that all the damage he had done so far had been to his hands, not the wood surrounding him. The light came from inside of him and Dean could feel the new energy fading as his body gave in to the lack of oxygen. The darkness of his grave surrounded him once again, and he couldn't suppress the desperate sob slipping from his lips. It was the last sound he made before the nightmare finally ended and he was once again engulfed by the peaceful nothing that was death.
“And then what? This isn’t going to disappear just because you decide you’re done with it.” Castiel knew this reaction, he had seen it many times but somehow Dean’s words stung. Freak. Dean was right, that is what he was, what they all were. Castiel was aware Dean had been talking about in Gifted in general, but the way Dean had looked at him when he said it made it hard not to take it personally.
Reassured that Castiel was enjoying this, Dean continued studying the wing, mapping it out with his fingers, using both hands now. The strange, pleasurable feeling started to become addicting quickly. The longer he felt it, the more pleasurable it got. Heat started pooling in Dean’s groin and with a low moan he realized he was rock hard in his pants. Utterly fascinated by the specks of light his touch caused, his pleasure came second to his curiosity and he kept experimenting. The more pressure he used the brighter they shone. Sometimes it looked like they’d follow Dean’s hand and sometimes they would simply appear where Dean had touched and stay in the same spot until they disappeared. Eventually, Dean stopped stroking, resting his hand against the wing, reveling in the tingling sensation that seemed to stimulate his erection even further.
Of course, fate was not on their side. A storm rolled in that day, making it impossible to leave in the airplane that was supposed to take them home. Sam was very upset about it, especially as Chuck would not let him change the weather for the better.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean looked up into the sky amazed, laughing with his younger brother, suddenly also feeling excited for him. “That is so awesome, Sammy.” He looked over at his brother who was standing in the rain, laughing and looking at his hand that was still surrounded by a mini lightning storm. “I think I don’t even have to be outside to do this, I just didn’t want to damage anything.” Sam spoke and the happier he felt, the more the lightnings that surrounded his hand grew bigger, one of them striking the floor by his feet. “Alright, Sammy, enough.” Dean said, stepping back a bit as the lightning storm almost hit him. “Sammy.” He repeated firmly, and Sam frowned, looking at his hand. “Dean, I can’t – I can’t stop.” His eyes showed the sudden change of emotions he was experiencing in this moment and loud thunder made all four men flinch. “Sam, you need to calm down. You’re fine. Just stay calm.” Kevin carefully walked closer to Sam and placed one hand onto Sam’s right shoulder, hoping it would help him relax. Instead, Sam flinched and one big lighting strike went from his hand, right into Dean’s chest.
Behind Castiel, Dean suddenly jerked awake, coughing violently and still clutching his hand to his chest. Castiel spun around, relief flooding through him, overwhelming him. The tears that had stung in his eyes before finally spilled over as he pulled Dean close, holding him protectively as Dean tried to regain his breath. “Breathe. You're fine. You're alive.” Castiel didn't know whether he was trying to soothe Dean or himself. He had been certain that he had lost Dean. Cain's touch gave heart attacks, killed immediately. That's what had happened and yet here Dean was, alive and breathing, slowly calming down as he clutched Castiel close.
“You cannot leave. I forbid it.” Chuck says, still unwilling to consider it and Dean snaps. Castiel steps forward as Dean suddenly escapes his arms, lurching over the table with inhuman speed, slamming Chuck against the wall before either of them sees it coming.
“Do you want to try watching an actual movie? We could watch The Transporter. Or The Fast and the Furious. Basically anything with cool cars in it. I love cars.” Dean said it with so much enthusiasm that Castiel just had to smile with him. “Sounds good, Dean. Whichever you prefer, I have not seen either of them. The only movies I ever watch are the ones Gabriel and Charlie make me watch with them. They have a pretty similar taste when it comes to movies.”
“But not unpleasant?” Castiel asked, having lost most of his confidence now that the heat of the moment was over. Dean’s smile was reassuring and Castiel felt soft lips pressed against his own before Dean stepped away to start getting dressed. “On the contrary. You were great.” Castiel was glad Dean had his back turned to him by now, he did not want him to see him blushing about this.
Castiel and Gabriel talk while Dean sleeps, speculating on how it is possible that Dean is alive. They both agree that it had to do with Dean's gift, that he had healed and eventually woke up.
Castiel nodded slowly and looked down at his plate again, feeling Dean’s eyes on him as he spoke. “I feel the same, Dean. I can’t seem to find the right words to tell you how much you already mean to me. I have never experienced something like this. It scares me.” If he was going to be honest he might as well go all the way. “I never had any hook-ups, casual or serious but if I had to label it, I would say I’m pretty serious about this.” Castiel said and finally looked at Dean who was smiling warmly at him.
Sam still had not turned back to look at them when Dean finished and Castiel watched as Dean placed a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Just roll with it, man. I think it’s for the best.” As optimistic as Dean sounded, Sam did not seem happy at all as he finally looked at his brother.
Castiel rolled off Dean, careful not to squish his wings. They kissed lazily, still basking in the afterglow of their orgasms and Castiel wrapped one arm around Dean, leaving just enough room for him to turn to his side. And so Dean did, snuggling against Castiel, sliding his own arm around him, lazily stroking the feathers of the wing closest to him. The feeling that spread through both of them was warm and fuzzy, intensifying the truth that neither of them was ready to acknowledge.
“I love you.” He says, settling his hands on Castiel's lower stomach, smiling as he says it. It’s almost funny how easy it is to tell Cas that he loves him, now that he once admitted it.
Had someone asked him, Castiel wouldn't have been able to explain why he was so excited and even nervous about this evening. It was just going to be another dinner with Dean. Their last meal before leaving this island to start a life together, yes, but somehow that wasn't it. He was finally going to tell Dean that he loved him. It shouldn't be that big of a deal, it was quite obvious that Dean loved him too, but still Castiel's heartbeat picked up whenever he thought about actually saying those three meaningful words. Would Dean say them back? How would he react? Castiel could vividly imagine the smile that he hoped would spread across Dean's face.
“True. But I had another breakout, apparently I developed another gift. I just need to find out what it is.” Dean explained, smiling lightheartedly at Sam’s expression. “Don’t worry about it. I’m good. I can feel it inside me, this one is different, it’s only a matter of time before it unleashes. We’ll deal with it when it comes to that.” He said simply, not willing to let any room for Sam to worry about him. The whole thing still bothered him, but he wanted Sam to get back to his old life as soon as possible. Luckily his brother seemed to be learning quickly and the last thing Dean wanted was to distract him with his own problems.
“You need to talk to someone about this, Cas. I understand you don’t want to talk to me, but you have to talk about it. Maybe this will make it easier for you.” Gabriel said and with a wave of his hand, the image of Dean appeared next to him. Castiel’s head knew immediately that it was just an illusion, that this was not real, but his heart burst into a million pieces anyway.
“He just lost his brother, and you two are here talking to me. He needs all the support he can get right now.” Castiel said angrily. Yes. Anger was a lot easier than grief. If he was angry he didn't have to be sad, he just had to focus on it.
He tried to tell Dean, tried to let Dean know that he was scared.
“This is real. I'm real. It's okay, I'm here.” Deans voice is calm as Sam clutches onto him, crying into his older brothers shoulder. “I'm back. I got you. It's okay, I got you.”
Castiel and Dean were so caught up in the moment that they did not hear any of the fighting going on in the room next door. Blissed out and smiling like idiots they were lying face to face, holding each other. “What was that all about?” Dean asked, contently snuggled against his lover's body, resting his forehead against Castiel's as he gazed into his eternally blue eyes. Castiel smiled softly, stealing a kiss before contemplating his answer. Dean retuned it, smiling as Castiel's wings wrapped around them, forming a cocoon made of black feathers and warmth, separating them from the outside world. Their legs were tangled, hidden beneath the blankets and though unfamiliar, Dean enjoyed this closeness, it felt right.
“Sam. He's gone” Meg said softly, kneeling next to Sam and pulling his hand from his brother's dead body. “He's gone.” She repeated, and Sam frowned at her, shaking his head. “No he'll be okay. You've seen him heal. He'll be okay, he has to be. He has to be.” He insisted, unwilling to acknowledge what he already knew deep down.
Castiel paid extra close attention to the object that was stuck in Cain's neck. Something about it was familiar, and he had a really bad feeling about all this. What was the last thing that Cain had said?
“Listen up, you sonofabitch.” He growls through gritted teeth as he pushes Chuck up against the wall with one hand on the shorter man’s throat. “I don’t care what you want. We came here to ask for your help, not your permission. We will leave, and you will do nothing to stop us. Do you understand?” Chuck’s eyes flick to look at Castiel who is watching the scene, shocked by Dean’s outburst. Dean, angry that Chuck isn’t replying, isn’t giving him the answer he wants, tightens his grip around Chucks throat, lifting him up just enough to force him to stand on his tiptoes, helplessly trying to pry Dean’s fingers from his throat. “Do you understand?” He repeats slowly, menacingly and Chuck nods jerkily, eyes bulging out of his head as Dean is cutting off his oxygen supply.
Castiel, who is still standing next to Dean, looks at him with a frown. “You’re welcome?” He says himself say, not recognizing the careless person standing in front of him. This is not the Dean he walked in on, the tears are gone, and Dean’s hands are steady as he stares at Chuck, daring him to say anything.
“Huh. Your loss.” Meg said, giving Dean one last look before pointedly leaning into Gabriel and kissing him possessively. Dean didn’t know where to look as Meg slid off her chair and into Gabriel’s lap, making a show of kissing him. He turned to Castiel, searching for help and smiled relieved as the other man got up. “Let’s go sit somewhere else. Get a room, you two.”
“You think that's awesome? Look at this.” Dean says and closes his eyes, focussing on the swirl of newfound gifts inside of him, hoping to find Castiel's. Even though he never learned to control any of them and he really does not understand how, his body instinctively adapted to every new gift and he has no problem using them. Dean looks Castiel straight in the eye, watching his lovers reaction as he slowly starts glowing from the inside. It is a very dim light at first, barely noticeable but then it gets brighter and brighter until Cas eventually has to avert his eyes.
He spent way too much time in front of the mirror fixing his hair, brushing his teeth and trying to pick a good Cologne to wear before finally deciding that his deodorant would have to suffice. He was only going to watch a movie for God’s sake.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed it. Feel free to let me know what you think in the comments or by leaving Kudos. Have a great day!
“Cas! Gabriel is looking for you.” They didn’t get far before they got stopped by a broad shouldered man. Castiel stopped walking and Dean could see in Castiel’s face that he was not pleased about Gabriel looking for him. Apparently he was still not over what had happened the day before. To be fair, neither was Dean, he thought Gabriel was a total douche. “Benny, this is Dean. Dean, Benny.” Castiel introduced them and Dean gave a short nod before Castiel continued talking. “What does he want?” Benny mustered Dean for a second before turning back to Castiel. “I don’t know. Last I saw him, he was in the cafeteria. You should go talk to him, maybe it’s important.” Castiel rolled his eyes. “It isn’t. We’re talking about Gabriel.” Benny laughed at that, nodding in agreement. “Very true. Anyways, you two have a good one, I gotta go practice.” “Try not to break anything.” Castiel said and Benny smiled, patting him twice on the shoulder before leaving to go into the gym. Dean noticed the way Castiel flinched at Benny’s touch and raised his eyebrows at him.
Castiel doesn't know what to say to that so he simply keeps stroking Dean's hair, looking down at his lover's face. Gabriel is right. Even right before Dean kissed him, Cas saw it in his eyes. The pain and suffering Dean has gone through. Now, unconscious, Dean looks peaceful. Well, as peaceful as a person can look with a face full of dirt and dried blood.
Dean tried to swallow everything that Castiel was giving him, but it was too much and some of it ran out of the corner of his mouth. He loved this, relished the feeling of the throbbing erection in his mouth, enjoyed the taste of Castiel’s hot cum. He licked and sucked Castiel’s cock until it was spent. Letting the softening member fall out of his mouth he looked up at Castiel, smiling content. His own cock was still painfully hard, but he forced himself not to do anything about it. Castiel’s behavior had given Dean the impression that Castiel might be a virgin, and if this was all Castiel was ready to do right now, Dean was fine with it. He did not want to push Castiel into moving too fast and doing something he might regret later.
