The moment Cas is seated, Dean kneels besides him, relief filling him at the familiarity of the position. It is a small comfort, but Dean clings to it like a drowning man, and he feels himself marginally relax.
He’ll press them into the risen dough that has yet to be baked. The morning bread will taste like the weather.
The boy had been carrying a blanket. Maybe the blanket had been for Dean.
It makes Dean cry harder, at first, because he likes it, he likes being touched when it’s soft and undemanding like this, and he doesn’t deserve it but it’s being given to him anyway and there’s nothing he can do about it.
It always would have been easy to leave. They’d chained him in basements and locked all the doors, but he’d known how to pick a lock by the time he was eight. There had been guards, sometimes, but Dean knew how to win a fight. Once he was out, he could have taken care of himself. John had taught him how. He’d taught him everything he needed to escape and survive. Dean could have left any time he’d felt like it.
“Does it hurt when you piss?” Bobby asks.
rage in his chest.
“What is it then?” Dean says carefully.
“He wouldn’t,” he answers immediately. “That’s what I’m trying to explain. It’s not like before. Cas would never hurt me.”
“See.” He says, trying not to hiss as Cas’s palm splays out on his raw skin. “It’s not that bad.”
“It’s the truth.” The man purrs, and starts to rub Dean over his underwear. “Guess he just got fed up.”
Cas unclips his purse from his belt and tucks it into his coat pocket, where it can’t be seen by strangers.
Dean’s gut twists. They had never had to be careful around each other before.
“Well, that town was smaller, wasn’t it?” Cas replies in answer to Dean’s statement. “This one is larger, so I guess the inn is a bit nicer. Truly, it’s really not anything extravagant. I know the owner and her daughter. They’re simple, hardworking people. Don’t worry, neither of us will be out of place here.”
For perhaps the first time, the words feel true.
The boy is staring at him. His eyes are still closed, but he can feel the gaze on him like touch.
Yeah, no. That’s not gonna go over so well.
EDIT: Just to clarify, it was Cas who started crying at the end. A lot of people were confused and I realize now I didn't make that very clear. Thank you!!
The world is grey, it’s sooth and ash,
It couldn’t be.
He cuts himself off as Dean lurches forward, grabbing his hand.
What he’d seen, what he’d seen, god what had he seen.
But it isn’t bad, and hasn’t been bad to him at all, and being able to recognize the danger present in the world hasn’t shrunk his heart as he feared it would.
and for a good fucking reason. It wasn’t your fault, and it didn’t mean you’d lost the ability to love anyone.”
Cas blushes, and turns his head away, and Dean immediately feels bad.
Sam slumps over staring at the dirt.
“Dean, would you like to stay the night again?”
The scene that confronts him on land does nothing to dispel this impression.
“But they’re wrong, Cas,” Dean had said seriously, and his voice had
When he wakes, he cries for hours, silently into his arms.
And Sam had double crossed him. Dean had left him. His father had been ashamed of him.
How could someone be so rough with a boy already so willing to spread his legs that they leave him with blood trailing down his thighs?
“Is it for me?”
The monster’s eyes do not slip from Dean’s unconscious body, huddled in Cas’s arms. They have not slipped from the boy’s body since he arrived.
“I don’t need any help.” Cas says.
He doesn’t. He stands in the entryway and lets his eyes adjust to the dim room, lit only by the few precariously secured torches and the low burning fireplace in the dusty corner.
“I’m so sorry, Dean.” Cas mumbles. “After everything you’ve been through, you don’t deserve to end up with someone like me.”
“I wouldn’t get too wound up about it. There’s a good chance he’ll come back, in this old man’s opinion.”
When he asked Dean to stay.
“The truth is,” Cas starts. “I am. Well. Very overwhelmed.”
I know this chapter was kinda weird/seems out of place but it is gonna be relevant I promise! In the next chapter, we will actually get back to the plot and find out what's up with Sam and Dean...I wonder if anyone has guessed yet??
“I’m sorry,” he whispers, voice unlocked through sympathy, of the most unexpected sort. “I’m sorry Sam, of course we’ll get him back. We’ll figure it out. It will be ok.”
But Cas nods, oblivious to Dean’s confusion.
Dean squirms, not sure what to say. He doesn’t want to think about touching himself, doesn’t want to have to explain to Cas why he feels like he can’t.
Dean lets out a whine through the knuckles shoved between his teeth. He flicks his thumb over the tip of his cock and the whine becomes a groan.
he tells himself.
Dean doesn’t know what that is even supposed to mean. If he’s not working, all he’s doing is sitting around looking pretty, and Dean’s done being a doll. At least, he wants to be. And he’s pretty sure that’s what Cas wants too, so that can’t be what the man means. Can it? No, Cas doesn’t want that from him, he would be beating Dean down if that weren’t the case. Cas doesn’t want that from him, he has to believe that. Dean’s just too stupid to understand what the man means.
He can feel Cas sitting up straighter above him, knows he’s upsetting the man, but he doesn’t know what to
“I- What? Yes, of course, it was just a pin prick.”
to have fucked it up. It’s so embarrassing to be rejected by someone so kind.
“Because there’s nowhere like the moon, Sam,” he says quietly. “There’s nowhere like any of the places we dream about.”
Then Cas smiles at him, and all his doubt disappears.
It would allow him to take care of Cas, like Cas takes care of him.
Cas hadn’t wondered, to be honest. He’d been so frazzled, earlier, so scared.
To panic not for Cas and how he will manage alone, but for himself. And to totally push aside the thoughts of the child who he’s left so far behind.
But just as this belief starts to solidify in his chest, Alastair bursts it like a spear pushed into a stomach, sending death spilling over into the present.
Well. His dick may give a soft twitch, but the pain radiating from it reminds him of his place.
“I will never hit you, Dean,” Cas says earnestly, crouched by his side and petting his hair.
Sam hands the parchment back to him.
I cannot meet you on Wednesday because I have work, which you may remember I told you about a few weeks ago.
Step three:
He never should have come here at all.
They find a quiet spot to eat their prizes, on the steps behind the city church, a bit away from the market.
Did he sleep too long?
“I’m sure Cas is perfectly fine with sitting in with us. Cas?”
From across the street, a vendor advertises the freshness of his fish by shouting his promises to the dwindling crowd. Dean jumps at the loudness of his voice, and then curls into himself, embarrassed.
He hears Cas sit up, staying for a moment unmoving, breathing harshly. He hears Cas stand, and walk to the other side of the room. He hears a drawer being opened, then closed seconds later, and he hears Cas come back over towards the bed.
For a second Dean can’t do anything, doesn’t feel capable of doing anything because he doesn’t feel real. And then distress starts to bleed onto Cas’s face at his silence, and the feeling of being frozen is gone.
He’s been waiting for Cas to notice how bad he’s doing, waiting with rising anxiety as the sticky mess in front of him failed to transform into bread dough.
The knife stays in your sleeve,
Meanwhile, Sam has already solved half their problem.
He’s been fighting his whole life, fighting to survive, fighting to protect, fighting for himself and for who he loved.
He’s not sure what he’s feeling.
The silence of the room once she is gone is startling.
Cas thinks that the entire mechanism seems like it is built to consume.
He tries to tell himself.
Cas is
He feels so tired all of a sudden. He’d never appreciated, when he was a thing, how little his actions meant to other people. It was nice, in a way, to know you could never hurt anyone.
“Listen to me, Cas.”
Cas pauses where he’s sat at the table, and seems to contemplate whether or not to take another sip of his tea. He decides not to, and sets it down lightly.
Cas swallows, and waits for the regret to hit him.
His thoughts get disjointed, stop making sense. He does strange things, sometimes, mangled holdovers from how he’d been trained to behave in years past.
He reaches out again, and then, after a moment of hesitation, steels himself and strokes one finger down her neck hesitantly.
“Of what?”
because of it
He doesn’t deserve to be killed, just because he was stupid enough to trust he wouldn’t be. He doesn’t deserve to die, just because he wrongly believed strangers wouldn’t let him.
And that pretty much settles it.
“Yessir,” he tells the floor.
For @ao3gingerswag ’s “Wander Home”. This is Dean’s perspective during the first part of the story. He deserves to have spring awaken inside of him, does he not? Luckily Cas is there to help…
Cas doesn’t respond, still unable to tell the boy to leave.
“I do.”
Cas shuts them against the sting, which is coming from both inside and outside of him, everywhere.
He starts to cry then, starts to sob.
There’s definitely fright. He had forgotten how driven Sam is, and how capable of getting anything he goddamn wants. He has no doubt that the calls only eventually ended because Sam knows him well enough to figure out that if he hadn’t already picked up, he isn't going to.
“And I wouldn’t be surprised if he regrets it.”
“Thank you.”
Cas calls a cab the next morning to drive them into town. It arrives at around 9AM, and they pile into the car, Dean wearing more of Cas’s borrowed clothes.
Beside this, a mother has gathered her children closer to her, and moved them farther from the fire, eyeing the boy distrustfully.
He follows Cas back out into his bedroom and then the hall, and trails along behind him until they come to a stop at a door at the other end. Dean, who had been looking at the floor out of habit, has to rock backwards on his feet to avoid bumping in to Cas. He takes a step back as his master, oblivious, opens the door.
bad. He didn’t think Cas thought he was.
He doesn’t know why he isn’t black and blue right now, and why he isn’t already back on the street.
“Ok,” he says easily, as if this answer makes sense. He’s not interested in arguing semantics with a jumpy boy holding a knife.
But the boy had certainly
Maybe Dean was right. Maybe there is more to this child than sticky fingers and snappy comebacks.
You were my only friend
That Dean
of the bodies against the back of the inn keep him from slumber until the pair stumbles away.
Or, no.
His heart jumps into his chest at the thought.
A word so full of potential when used about the future. The emptiest of all when referring to the past.
“Why would I joke about such a thing?”
He hadn’t realized that Cas had felt embarrassed. He’s seen John cry and rage and scream a million times, had often dealt with him ranting about stress and money and work while swinging wildly between furious and full of despair.
He watches Luna graze by the patch of grass he’s found for her, with a blank and downtrodden expression.
Cas doesn’t answer, shell shocked. For a moment he doesn’t move at all, before slowly turning the spoon around in his hand. Dean stares at it as he moves it, jaw jutted out and eyes glowering but terrified all the same. He shudders, thinking that the man is getting a feel for the weapon so he will know how to do the most damage. It’s only when Cas suddenly stiffens, breath hitching, that Dean realizes he’d only been trying to figure out what it is.
Dean shakes his head, uncomprehending. “That’s all I can do.” He tries to keep the shaking out of his voice as he speaks, with debatable success.
He can’t see the stain any more. But it’s
He collapses onto a bench of one of the tables, and puts his head in his hands, sobbing.
He can’t force himself to go, though. He’s gonna get in trouble, but he can’t just leave the man bleeding alone in the dark.
He speaks just so the room will acknowledge what he feels, so the fire will bear witness to his guilt.
He stares at the flickering fire, and it lulls him into stillness. The flames move in patterns that feel familiar and calm. Like Cas. Comforting and warm and nice to look at.
Part 1: https://kissing-chefs.tumblr.com/post/649420450647195648/illustration-for-ao3gingerswag-s-wander-home-au
The boy shakes his head.
Cas thinks grimly, about his vague plan to get Sam to trust him.
It makes him feel ill to think of how this is the level of mess that he was responsible for taking care of, on top of the other
A month ago, he would have truly anticipated her agreeing and berating him. A month before that, he would have been too timid to talk to her at all. And a month before that, he would have fallen into a full blown panic attack if Cas had tried to leave him alone with anybody, even someone as unthreatening as this skinny little girl.
His glance slides to the right, where Cas is sitting calmly, fingers flying over whatever book he’s reading today. Dean sighs, and tries to concentrate on his own book.
Cas goes still.
The man had raped him, beaten him and used him throughout Dean’s entire childhood and adolescence, and yet he had never hated the man at all. He’d gotten angry, sure, but he turned it all inwards, forcing all the frustration and disgust on himself. His life was hard because he wasn’t good enough, not because John was hurting him.
Because if he looks at the boy’s mouth. If he looks at his mouth.
“I’m sorry. Please try to understand. I have to father, I have to. I, I, I-”
Cas purses his lips, and his brow draws together.
“Pretend!” Sam hisses, not loudly but full of exasperation just the same. “Pretend you want to see me, be who I need- want you to be. I’m not a kid any more, Dean, you don’t have to give me what I want.”
crazy, in a world that takes advantage like this. It’s what made it so consistently easy for Dean to be taken advantage of growing up, and is why the both of them are in the situation they are in now: Dean, missing and half-dead, being dragged through the snow of the rapidly darkening woods. Cas, slow on the uptake as always, trailing hopelessly after him.
The use of the word “thing” does not go unnoticed.
Out of soft touches and warm silences.
, it’s his secret which no one else in the world knows. No one except Sam.
Unable to even twist his head to avoid looking at the monster’s face, he is struck out of nowhere with the realization that the man’s irises are almost the same shade of blue as his own.
It doesn’t feel good to say. It feels small.
Dean slumps, and crosses his arms over his chest. Considering the man before him for a moment, Dean slowly moves to sit besides him on the couch. Cas doesn’t shove him away or hit him for being on the furniture like anyone else would have, so Dean relaxes after a few seconds, sinking into the cushions and drawing his legs up and tucking them under him.
Cas kind of wants to put his head in his hands and groan. He resists, just barely, because he knows how that would seem to Dean.
Sam is staring at him, he can feel the boy’s gaze like heat on his skin. Cas pays it no mind, though, can’t pay it any mind, is focusing all his energy on waiting for the waves of horror to pass.
The baby is probably cold, too. But Cas isn’t going to do anything to fix that. Instead, he’s going to hand his money over to a man who threw a bottle at his head. Because the man is big, and has the power to keep Cas from what he wants. And the baby’s mother doesn’t.
Dean laces his fingers together nervously, wondering what Cas even means. Is he angry? Can Dean ask if he’s angry? The man hasn’t hurt him for asking questions so far, so he figures it’s probably safe.
The town is larger than he’d expected it to be. It’s much, much bigger than the one he’d come from, which had been little more than maybe a hundred ramshackle houses, huddled together in the deep dark wild.
Dean laughs, and Kevin cracks a grin. He suspects this might be one of those things that would be more upsetting than funny to a normal person, but when you’re as fucked up as they are you have to take what you can get. And while it doesn’t exactly make him feel better that Kevin’s screwed up enough to laugh, he can’t help but feel less alone.
Cas rises slowly, warily, keeping his eyes on the angry man.
Dean nods.
Cas watches the ripples in the water twitch as Sadie does. He’s not good with words. He doesn’t know how to change Sam’s mind. He doesn’t know how to convince him that basic safety isn’t something only found in stories meant for children.
Those days will come eventually, if only Cas has the patience to wait.
Cas nods.
Swallowing down the resentment building in his throat, Dean steps forward.
Maybe this will be ok.
Willow oh willow
Some childish part of him he’s never allowed out before starts shrieking inside him, banging on his chest like it’s a cold wooden door.
He is. That makes him feel better, but barely. The treacherous want had come from inside him, after all.
“You look just like her.” He’d whisper, and he’d pet Dean’s naked body softly, stroking his hands down the boy’s sides and running his hand through his hair. He’d call Dean beautiful and rub the slave’s cock, and when he was little nothing happened but once he went through puberty John would keep fondling him until he got hard.
Cas smiles self-consciously. “I just listened.” He says.
Cas follows, and for a while they eat in silence.
Dean feels his face go red, and feels shame settle sick and heavy in his stomach at the irrational surge of anger he’d just had at her.
Kevin nods excitedly. “I have no idea what he said to her, but it worked. She stopped crying, and he even got her to put the books back.”
When they’re finished, they’re left licking their fingers, chasing the last remnants of the chicken.
His voice goes up at the end, as if he’s asking a question, or Dean’s permission.
Instead, he hugs himself and tries to look as small as possible, but forces himself to speak.
“Ok,” He agrees, and Cas smiles at him. Dean smiles tentatively back, and Cas feels happy.
Even if it’s just chaperoning Dean’s stupid lessons and crazy sessions.
It’s this thought that calms him enough that he doesn’t have to tell Cas he’s afraid.
He’s still trembling, because Dean trusts him, and because touching the boy’s skin feels like touching something holy. A relic, but warm and alive.
He doesn’t look at Cas as he re-flours the table, and again presses his fists into the-thing-that-definitely-isn’t-going-to-turn-into-bread. Face pink, he stares fastidiously down, and tries to breathe around the lump in his throat, so he doesn’t burst into tears.
Then,
Cas turns his face away, but doesn’t speak.
He really doesn’t learn, does he?
It feels like a gift too precious for him to hold. His heart is straining with the pressure of not dropping it.
“Do you need me to bring you your clothes?” Cas asks, because he can see that Dean didn’t bother to grab any.
The implication is not lost on him- that Alastair has killed before. It doesn’t surprise him, but it makes him shudder all the same.
the storyteller points out.
“Never.”
I have no idea why this chapter is so long that was not intentional. Considered breaking it up but it felt better as one. Don't get used to this length lol this was a fluke.
“I was cheap, I guess. Untrained kids are always cheap, and he didn’t have a lot of money.”
All unforgivable breaches of behavior.
He doesn’t want Cas to get mad at him if he does, doesn’t want him to realize he’s a slut and get rid of him.
But Sam is gone, and Dean can never see him again. And Cas…
“I’m not!” Cas insists, and his eyes are getting wetter instead of dryer, and shit this was a bad idea. “Never, Dean, not at you.”
He starts to push himself up, intending to go check on the man, but the man doesn’t give him the chance. Before Cas can reach a crouch, the man straightens up, and hurls his liquor bottle towards Cas’s head.
Dean forces his eyes open, and forces himself to stand.
Cas takes everything in very quickly, and makes a decision very quickly as well.
Blinking, the boy before him seems to morph, as Cas’s knowledge about him is integrated into his form. Body hunched over and leaned against Cas’s trunk, he no longer seems a sleepy boy, curled up in a position of drowsy relaxation. Instead, he gives off the impressions of a dead spider, limbs curled in at odd angles, tense and twisted in fear and mangled stress.
He’s too ashamed to lift his head again, knowing what the doctor must be thinking and knowing that he’s right.
He had to though, or else he would have been lying by saying he feels safe.
Cas has no knowledge of what most whores charge for their services. He knows, though, because he knows how money works, that it should be much more than what Dean has just named.
that he’s yelling,
Bela is long gone, and soon, the rest of the crowd will be too. They don’t care that he’s being killed.
The turmoil and distress on Cas’s face is almost enough to bring tears to Dean’s eyes.
Cas’s heart seizes in his chest with a violent shock. His gaze, which had been hovering somewhere close to Alastair’s ear, is jerked suddenly as if by force back to the man’s grotesquely happy face.
He knows now why John always had to treat him so harshly. This is what happens when he’s given kindness. He can’t handle it. He turns without hesitation into every bad thing John ever accused him of being.
Market Day chapter 6 drawing by me. I can't figure out how to make the lines darker on the scan sorry :( Also I got so caught up in the figure drawing that I forgot to 1. Make Cas bigger than Dean and 2. Give them coats. Oh well!!
He’s not the terrified, passive thing he was when he first arrived, who still believed he was John’s, and thus everyone’s.
Cas just shakes his head.
Strange and awkward and uniquely beautiful, they’re kind to him like Cas is kind. Dean is kind to them in return, is gentle where he tugs them from the dirt, so that they come out whole and pretty.
GUESS WHO HAS A MASTER'S DEGREE!!!!!! :DDDDDDDDDDDDD
That’s a lie, and they all know it, but the fact that Cas would be willing to deal with this bitch just to make him more comfortable is so incredibly nice Dean almost wants to cry.
The man is so much taller than Cas. And he has an aptitude for violence that Cas just doesn’t have.
How can they just walk away, turn their backs, knowing someone is about to be killed?
https://fragiledewdrop.tumblr.com/post/649635006137974784/lullabies-of-home
He starts to read.
“Don’t blame yourself, please. Blaming yourself…it’s like taking that away from me. My feelings aren’t your responsibility. I’m not your responsibility.”
The thought of him doing the opposite is suddenly the hottest thing Dean can imagine.
It’s not sadness that overwhelms him that night as he lays in bed, but terror, sharp and frantic, panic that has him gasping for breath with his eyes shut and hands pasted over his ears.
He isn’t scared anymore. There is nothing left inside of him but fury.
“I get sad a lot, actually.” He continues. “You don’t have to be embarrassed about it. I understand.”
Dean eventually settles on an apricot tart. He asks Cas what his favorite kind of jam is, and Cas responds honestly, too distracted by the warm grip of Dean’s fingers to think to nudge him into making his own decision.
It starts snowing as he is walking towards the entrance, a slight flurry that flutters like eyelashes down onto the grey and windy street.
“What was that you said before, about your boyfriend? Working at the uh, ASPCA or something?”
“Cause I had Sam. And Sam…” His voice catches on the name. It still hurts so much to think about. “Sam meant everything to me.”
It smells like Sam, and that should launch him back in time, but it doesn’t. It doesn’t, because deep down Dean still doesn’t believe that any time has passed.
He speaks quietly enough that he thinks only Sam will be able to hear him. The storm has become severe enough to drown out words that aren’t projected.
“What happened to your face?” He asks bluntly.
“You’re not stupid,” Cas says again, and Dean huffs. “And you’re not going to forget this time. Everyone forgets knowledge they don’t actually use. You’re going to be using this knowledge, now, so you aren’t going to forget it.”
“What exactly is it that you think I want from you?”
Cas begs them.
them, knowing there will be no one to sell to?
Next chapter will be posted tomorrow or the next day, and the chapter after that the day after that :)
it had taken him close to half an hour to realize that the two of them weren’t just…hiding somewhere else in the house.
Of course he’s nervous. He’s not downright terrified, which is better than he’d hoped, but he doubts there is anything Benny could do that would put him truly at ease.
He ran away. Dean woke up and he was just gone.
“Your dad treats me just fine,” Dean says, instead of anything else flying around in his head.
What’s going on. He needs the broom to sweep. He needs to sweep before he can sleep.
“He’s not. He. He didn’t just go to the city looking for work. He went back to the people...to the people he was living with before.”
He’s underestimated the man, just like the rest of the world does, just like the man’s family does, just like Cas himself does. Dean should know better. Just because he’s blind and weird as fuck doesn’t mean he’s helpless.
And when he had seen the unfamiliar car in the driveway, he had wanted to crawl right back into the undead trees and hide away with the coyotes.
He doesn’t want to leave before tomorrow morning. He wants to stay the night again, like Cas said he could.
It had been Sam who’d found them a place to recuperate and rest, Sam who had come up with the new plan to get Dean back, not Cas, not Cas, he would have just walked in there today and gotten murdered.
He’s not. He’s not.
In the morning, there is bread. He wakes to the smell of it, and blinks his eyes open to the sight of Cas reaching over him, pulling it out of the small brick oven that rests above the fireplace.
He feels used, now, has been used, though he still doesn’t understand to what end.
“Are you sure, Dean?” He says sincerely. “If you’re nervous, I don’t mind-”
“I folded the laundry,” Dean says.
He had started crying again, then, not hysterically, just a little. Dean had made a concerned noise and started brushing the tears away with his thumb. And then when Cas hadn’t stopped, Dean had cuddled up close to him on his bed, warm like a furnace and soft as a kiss.
“But.” He protests. “Cas told you on the phone. I had a panic attack. Didn’t he tell you?”
He’d thought he’d understood. He’d thought he’d known that Sam is afraid of him.
Dean is surprised when Cas hands him the pills rather than taking them himself, but allows the two to be dropped into his cupped palm.
Years and years he’d worried for that kid, and it had never been needed at all. He’s alive. He’s safe. He’s in an ivy league school with a beautiful girlfriend, still has his big dumb brain and his big dumb heart, is skyrocketing towards a career rescuing people like Dean.
Cas seems to start a bit at his voice, remembering all of a sudden what they’re doing.
he hasn’t yelled at Dean before but he is now and Dean hates it. “I don’t want that, Jesus!”
“Oh,” the man says, leaning back in his seat. He looks up at Cas, who’s still standing besides his table, holding the pitcher of ale. “That’s too bad. Seemed like you two got along.”
“If I could choose,” he says very quietly. “I would choose him.”
“M’not hungry.” Dean says again.
“Because
I'm sorry this chapter took a while, I couldn't get the momentum on it for a few days. I have a couple awkwardly written pages that I scrapped lol.
“I didn’t know.” He says again.
it trembles out, relief bleeding from it like blood.
“I snapped my phone in half.” He whispers, hands twisting together. “I thought…Sam might be tracking me on it.”
He rebuckles Luna’s harness with hands that start steady, but that are trembling from fright and unused adrenalin by the end.
The boy,
It’s just like getting a customer for the night.
“Because I’m crazy,” he said simply.
“No you are not,” Cas replies, uncomfortably blunt. “If you were, you would be moving. And you would have touched yourself rather than waiting for me to do it.”
ever getting the chance to see Sam again scares him even more. He just wishes he had more time. But he’s never really going to feel ready.
He just wished he knew what they were going to do to him.
That’s never been a word that could apply to him.
Well, he’s not actually sure what that part of him wants. It’s not sex, he knows that. Sex scares him, as resigned to it as he is, and that hasn’t changed. But he doesn’t want to stop whatever this is either.
He looks at the pills in his hand apprehensively, then at Cas’s ernest face. Finally he gives in. Even if they aren’t painkillers, they’ll be forced down his throat one way or another. He might as well make it easier.
Worse than the things they did to me. The way I
The boy follows Cas back to his cart, where he waits behind him as Cas rifles through his things.
Sam actually,
One unpaid for bowl of stew won’t tip his finances over into starvation.
He makes his promise between pants, still catching his breath from the effort of carrying all those sacks of oats, faced flushed and hair in disarray. Despite the fact that he’s clearly been working as hard as he can, his eyes are bright with earnestness.
he screeches at Cas, in a voice that must be tearing his throat apart. “Leave us alone, leave him
There. Maybe that will help.
He watches as her face goes soft, and her sympathy does now melt into pity. Because that is the reaction his belonging invokes. Because apparently belonging to Cas is pitiful.
“First, I’m gonna ask you some questions about your sexual history. Then I’m going to need to examine your genitals and anal region, which I promise will be as quick as possible. Then I’m gonna need to draw some blood, so we can check for STI’s.” He pauses, and looks at Dean kindly. “That’s all. You’re free to go after that.”
“There are dishes that need to be washed. They’ll take me a long time, without help.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He could not have predicted the way Dean had reacted, and though it leaves him feeling unsettled, in a way he is grateful. He is grateful that he doesn’t have any memories so miserable that he can compare Dean’s mannerisms and understand what he is doing.
“Sorry,” he says back, and Cas looks at him in surprise.
The lack of surrounding farmland, the almost total absence of business, the decrepit buildings, the dearth of working men in comparison to the drunkards who roam the streets…
“You must be starving. Mostly I just do frozen food, but I can cook a few simple meals that I’ve had a lot of practice with. Is grilled cheese ok?”
Instead of bolting away as Cas approaches, he steps aggressively forward to move in front of Dean, fists curled like he’s getting ready for a fight.
It doesn’t take the two of them long to finish the task they came for, and they head back then, lugging the two filled baskets along.
“You shouldn't have to,” Dean replies. “That’s not…”
He can’t believe he’s being allowed to eat something so good, so filling. John had never fed him anything like this, no matter how good he’d been. The closest memory he can dredge up is those instances when Sam had managed to sneak him the leftovers of whatever they or their customers had been eating, well cooked chunks of chicken and roots that Dean could only imagine eating a full meal of. Still, even that hadn’t been as delicious as what he’s eating now, and it certainly hadn’t been warm.
Despite the temptation to stay in there forever, he cleans himself quickly, nervous about someone downstairs noticing, even though he knows it they would have to strain to hear the shower running even if they were quiet.
getting better. Cas is helping him get better. He is.
Wrong.
“It’s an egg wash,” he tells Dean, and when the boy doesn’t understand goes on to explain, “They brush the top with egg white before they bake it. It gives it that glossy quality you’re noticing.”
broken. Neither are your feelings.”
This inn is so different. It’s so strange, being so far from the city. There’s so much to do that Dean had never thought about before.
The moment he says it, Dean worries he’s gone to far. It’s none of his business why Cas does what he does, and Dean knows how uncomfortable it is to be asked to display the skeletons in your closet. He puts his arms back through his sleeves just in case he has to use them to protect his face.
A few seconds pass, and then he feels the tips of Cas’s pointer and middle finger resting against his mouth, seeking entrance.
He’s never been so present, while also being so disconnected before.
Dean cuts himself off, and sighs.
Dean shuts his eyes, and forces himself to wade through his own panic to the memories that had brought these thoughts to light. Sometimes after Sam was beaten, he’d get the honey from the medicine cabinet. He was allowed, since he was John’s son. Dean would help him put it on.
gotten anyone to stop anything.
What use are all his skills, if they can’t be applied to the real world, when it matters? What use at all is
“My name is Dean, Sir,” he says without looking up. “But I’ll answer to whatever you choose to call me.”
His sobs had risen to a fever pitch when John had screamed at him that he would be sold right away, to the man he’d always been afraid of. He’d begged then, but there had been no passion behind it. He’d known there was no real point.
Dean sits there, hugging his robbed waist, half out of bed, tense and uncertain about what to do now.
There are hands on his bare shoulders then, and Dean tries not to tense. It hurts more if he’s tense.
“No,” he says. “I’m not. I only ever seemed strong to you because that’s what John wanted me to be, and I had to be what he wanted. I have to be whatever they want.”
As I mentioned in my previous email, I am aware of the steps and requirements of the manumission process. I am going to the DMV on Saturday to get my passport, and I filed for and received another copy of my social security card months ago. I am in the processes of applying for a new birth certificate. Dean also already has a new housing situation, as he has gone to live with the young man he grew up with. I am also fully aware of what the manumission test is and what is required to pass it, and Dean has been being tutored since June. Again, your concern is misplaced. Please send the necessary documents as soon as possible. We can discuss an alternate date to meet after the manumission process has been completed.
False sympathy drips from the man’s voice like blood, and Cas wants to start crying as well.
He knows now to look away immediately, correctly guessing that Dean will stand, shameless, before Cas has a chance to turn his back.
People don’t ask that from him much, anymore, in any case. They wouldn’t have asked that from him much, to begin with, if Dean hadn’t smiled and moved closer whenever he’d felt someone looking at him.
“I…” he mutters. “I’m really tired.”
Young bleeding-hearts, enthusiastic and useless, who talk to Dean in soft, condescending voices and who break his heart with their naiveté. They’ll be gone within a few months, overwhelmed with schoolwork and their inability to change the world. Jess hates them. Dean doesn’t.
Dean blinks wetly up at the other man.
“Cas,” he keens, overwhelmed with desire.
“You scared me,” he says, trying to make it sound like a joke.
“Don’t, Dean.” He says, voice heavy. “Cas told me already. That he offered to help you find me, and you didn’t want to. That you were afraid.”
“I’m glad,” the innkeeper says, and then he steps away from Dean, moving over to the table to put down the tray of bred.
That might be ripping some soft part of Cas open that he hadn’t even realized was still undamaged.
He’d come here for
Somehow, he finds it hard to believe that morality is the cause of the tavern’s lonely patronage.
“Yessir.” Dean answers, still working through his own bewilderment and fear.
As soon as he speaks, he knows he’s said something right. He can’t see it in Cas’s eyes as much he can feel it in his own chest.
Sometimes, he knows, they like to blind pleasure slaves, especially the ones who try to run, because they don’t need to see for their masters to be able to fuck them. But he never tried to run, and Cas needs him to be able to see for both of them, so it’s probably not that.
“Do what?”
But the pressure of that makes the dread even worse.
“You could come over here by the fire, to warm up,” he offers softly, and hears Sam shift to turn and look at him from somewhere well behind his left shoulder.
He hopes the boy hadn’t still been hungry.
He feels so guilty. He feels so guilty for being so bad when Cas is so good to him, no matter what he does.
Dean shudders at Cas’s voice, feeling the vibrations from Cas’s chest against his skin.
His moan turns into a whine. Kneeling against the comforter, his legs instinctually spread wider.
Cas nods softly, and takes a deep breath. “I-yes. Good.” He stutters, clearly trying to pull himself together. “I’m not mad that you’re scared of me Dean, I understand. I want you to tell me though if I do something that frightens you in particular.”
Left to interpret this boy based on his own intuition, Cas can see only a mistreated, spiteful master’s son, who might easily take his anger out on Dean, the only person in his life more unprotected than he is. This child has quickly taken from Cas all that he can, and expressed no sympathy when he was injured, in fact implying that he thought Cas’s injuries were meaningless because Dean’s similar injuries were meaningless as well. Cas can easily see in this boy a child who might steal Dean’s food, Dean’s blankets, who might mock Dean when he’s hurt and might even hurt him himself.
Cas shakes his head.
“It worked.” He chokes.
Still, the intensity of the reaction seems a bit off, and it only then occurs to Dean that his master’s very slight ramble about cereal is the most words Dean has heard out of the man at once so far. It hadn’t stuck him as odd before, as he’s used to only being spoken to when being given orders. But all of a sudden he finds himself wondering what this blind man is doing living out alone in the middle of absolutely nowhere.
“Sometimes they just made me go to sleep. I’d wake up and it would be over. It should have made it easier but that was the worst of all.”
The worry in Dean’s expression eases, but he still looks over to the cow with concern in his eyes.
“No.” Dean answers.
Where the courage to even ask comes from, he doesn’t know, except that maybe it has to do with that Cas really doesn’t seem mad at him.
Dean gasps, back arching as he gives his cock a particularly hard tug.
Even his face is already scarred, though not as badly as the rest of his body. His masters had preferred to keep at least that part of him somewhat intact, though he’s still got a handful of scratches from being backhanded and having things thrown at his head.
Sorry for the wait guys. :( I've talked about it on my tumblr but student teaching has started again and I'm back to being insanely busy.
I almost
“My cock doesn’t belong to me, it belongs to my master. I can’t touch it. Please let me put my clothes back on. Mr. Cas,
“But I don’t.” Dean answers. “I forgive you.”
He does not seem to be aware that he is dying. He seems oblivious to the danger surrounding him, oblivious to his own pain as much as the storm beginning to cover him like breath. He seems as oblivious and as single minded as Sam had been when he’d bolted into the woods with Dean, and as oblivious and single minded as Cas had been when he’d bolted in after them.
of. He can’t do this, can’t be normal, he can’t interact with people like someone normal. His dad is dead and he can’t talk for Cas anymore and Cas can’t talk for himself, he can’t
Sam was John’s
Immediately he had become terrified. Experience had taught him to expect sudden violence, and he waited to be flung across the room like a rag doll, scared shitless and too devoted to be anything but furious at himself for ruining the peace.
Dean’s hand comes up to clap over his mouth, horrified at his own impertinence.
He’d always craved gentleness, had always been so easily manipulated by affection. And he’d always hated himself for it, because it meant he was weak. That’s what John trained him to think anyway. To yearn for kindness is to be vulnerable, and to be vulnerable is to be useless. No, he’d had one job, and that was to be a protector. To wish someone would protect him, to even acknowledge there was anything he needed protection from, that was called cowardice and would be subsequently punished. A coward couldn’t protect Sam.
“I was kidding,” he feels the need to explain.
Cas knows it’s the boy before he turns around, can recognize the nervousness that seeps out of his voice as the same nervousness that had seeped out of his body. Somehow he’s still surprised, though, to see him standing there in front of him.
There’ll be rest if Dean needs it, and warm work if he doesn’t. No one will resent him either way. The mushrooms will shoot up like children in the summertime, and when the rain tapers off, they’ll be waiting in the forest like friends.
And yet Cas had still been completely blindsided. That’s the part that really makes him feel sick.
“Shut him up,” Alastair says grimly, and Cas’s heart gives a lurch of panic.
Dean stares after the man’s retreating form, a puzzled expression on his face.
Cas realizes.
He runs because he knows if he doesn’t, he’s not going to leave at all.
Cas moves him again, giving him enough friction to keep the fire inside him growing, but not nearly enough to satisfy.
Cas feels
Cas hadn’t seen why he would have. The man following him hadn’t bothered him, nor had it been interesting, so he hadn’t brought it up.
because he’s bad, because being treated nicely has made him
He used to be brave. Well, he used to believe he was brave. He’d stopped deluding himself years ago, but he could never quite forget how it felt to believe there was something good in him, to have an identity that went beyond being used.
His shoulders, which had been curled defensively almost up to his ears, drop. His body, stiff and tense, seems to collapse.
Not well, then. According to plan?
He still has no idea how he will take care of himself and Dean after trading his inn, especially if this is what the world is like outside of it. He can’t extend himself to yet another person, yet another boy who deserves better, can’t offer help when he will be homeless by tomorrow.
It’s exactly what he always has been, and exactly what he always will be.
So of course he doesn’t say yes.
I haven't had a lot of time to write and thus fill most of the prompts recently, but I am screaming back with multi-paragraph responses most of the time adding my own ideas on to yours :) It's fun! Come scream with me! Also you can see my rambles about this verse under the page "Ideas/Rambles" :)
“I thought you were an adult,” he says.
He’d tried to help him. He’d tried. Honey for the lash marks, and bandages to keep away infection. Food and a good night’s rest for his general state of exhaustion and starvation.
“I figured.” Dean responds, helpless to the growing fondness he feels in his chest. He hesitates for only a moment, then says, “I made you breakfast.”
he thinks.
He remembers how Dean’s head had bounced backwards from the force of the impact, how he’d gone instantly limp, unconscious or not alive anymore.
Dean doesn’t want to be afraid any more either.
just through the way a person behaves.
Cas, and if he actually ends up getting pain killers, that’s gonna be even more.
Or maybe not.
He means it, about his girls, but he knows he’s not talking to them anymore.
it’s the same defiant parasite that wars against what he really wants, so he stomps the urge down and
Is this your goodbye?
that knocks the wind out of his body, but kickstarts his heart once again.
There are things that Sam doesn’t mention.
ful,”
Sam sees him right away. Cas can tell, even from far off. The boy is
Dean is sick of them he is SICK
So he kisses his fingertips, as one day folds away, unnoticed, into the early next. And in the four second morning of the middle of the night, he presses his fingers to the boy’s cheek like a blessing, because he cannot leave Dean unadored.
It’s not that he doesn’t want too. He wants it so badly he aches just imagining it. Being Cas’s helper instead of his fucktoy. Spending his days taking care of him, leading him where he needs to go and making sure he’s safe. Left unmolested, unbeaten, being punished only when he deserves it rather than whenever anyone feels like hitting him. He wouldn’t be thrown away when his master got bored of him, and he wouldn’t be shot through his worthless brain when his body isn’t pretty any more. It would be ok for him to get old, because he would have a job again, a real job, one where he really mattered beyond making someone’s dick feel good.
“Hmm,” Sam hums. “I don’t know. It’s pretty.”
he notes.
Castiel’s blood runs cold.
He did sleep well. He’d slept better than he can ever remember sleeping in his life, warm and soft and
The molester laughs vindictively. “He’s a slave, and you left him alone. It was practically an invitation.”
Part of him feels like an idiot, being praised for humping Cas’s lap like a dog, but a larger part of him preens, his insides squirming happily at the praise.
It’s hard for him to get the words out, but once he does, he stares at Benny intently, needing to hear his answer. Benny, for his part, doesn’t give any indication that he finds Dean’s sudden desperation strange or unnerving.
Today, he takes his crutch outside.
It’s small, the stables, with grey stone walls, and a beaten earth floor, like the inn. Dean likes the inn, and he likes when rooms are small. They make him feel hidden, he’d confessed to Cas, and Dean likes to feel hidden away.
He’d been waiting to forgive Sam for years and years and years. He’s so relieved he finally can.
“We can just get Castiel here seated…” She points to a chair in the corner of the room, and Dean, taking her cue, leads his master over to the it. He has to physically pull himself away from the man once he’s seated, wanting nothing more than to stay clung to him like a starfish.
You still shake, winter at home in your chest
His friend is in his arms and tears spring to his eyes at the feeling of it all, at the realization that he
They sit there without speaking for a long time, letting the fire flicker lower and lower and lower, until at last it is gone.
Dean huffs angrily. “I’m not starving myself. It’s punishment.”
Next to him, Cas frowns. Dean knows he’s said something wrong from the way Cas’s hand squeezes around his own, but strangely, it feels like comfort rather than a warning.
wiping at his face and hiding behind a slammed door as if he could hide his misery, fruitlessly choking as he failed at holding back his tears.
He’s crying again, but there’s a different quality to it now. It’s transparently afraid, with not even the pretense of anger to shield it.
“Um.” Cas stutters. “I mean. You’d have to. You know. Work, I guess, still. Help me cut up some vegetables and such. But. I thought I’d extend the invitation.”
“Are you still proud of me?” Dean asks quietly.
“I’m sorry,” the monster teases, sick glee in his voice. “Were you under the impression that doing this little confrontation here would protect you?”
He’d thought he’d been marred, corrupted by this miserable world, but he hadn’t been. He’d just...become less naive, cleverer and better prepared to anticipate the ways people are driven to be cruel.
Like gentle candles?
“Well, well, well, look what the cat dragged in.”
So he doesn’t tell the girl that she’s misunderstood. He just tells her, “Cas is very good to me.”
No one has ever been proud of him, not ever. Not even Sam. Sam loved him, and maybe even admired him, no matter how misguided that love and admiration was. But no one has ever been
believes that Cas is no different than the men who spend their days making Dean’s life a living hell.
Dean stares down at his work for a moment before dropping Cas’s arm, blushing. Cas takes his arm back slowly, but Dean can see out of the corner of his eye that he’s smiling.
His eyesight is blurry from how wet his eyes are. He only notices this when he blinks, and a tear threatens to spill over. He wipes at it quickly, before Alastair can look up and see.
Cas says it from above him. Dean opens his eyes and looks up.
And he does help, as much as he can, helping Cas drag in the buckets of water from outside, helping him heat them over the fire before pouring each batch of warm water into the tub.
“This is the way to start.” The man says.
Where are you?
Dean bows his head. He sounds like such a child, such a coward. So inconsiderate.
“He’s starving your children!” he implores the hazy crowd. “He’s starving all of you!
He’s a horrible liar, transparent and clear. He makes a horrible villain, even when he tries.
He scoffs. “What everyone wants from me. What everyone expects. For me to demand freedom. For me to
You smile. Your eyes are sad.
“I was lying!” He shouts. It comes out a lot louder than Dean means it to, and he cringes from the volume of his own voice. It makes Cas stop coming towards him though, seeming to freeze him in his tracks, so Dean rambles on. “I was lying. At the store, and before that too. I don’t want you to fuck me, I don’t.”
“I said this is your room.” He repeats.
Why are you diving back into your hell?
And there was Lisa. Lisa belonged to Abbadon, and Dean had liked her a lot. She was pretty, and nice, and sometimes she would talk to him when their masters were distracted. He never really got to talk to anyone, so it meant a lot to him.
“No I’m not. No I’m not. Please don’t let me leave.”
“Is this about what happened today?” He blurts. Cas pauses, blinking twice before pulling the cup away from his lips. Curling into himself, he holds the drink with both hands in his lap, frowning down at it.
The boy looks small in the tub, even though the tub is small itself.
Another short chapter, but oh well, it's something! I think we're gonna have a time jump in the next chapter to Cas arriving at the town. I want to get this show on the road! Maybe I'll write a oneshot or mini story at some point about Cas's adventures on the way, but for now I want to get to the thick of it!!
Cas almost chokes. He looks away again.
He notices, then, that the item name doesn’t just say “Harry Potter”, but also “Books 1-7.”
But the boy doesn’t pry open his fingers, doesn’t rob him and run off with his prize. He just tilts his head and gives Cas an unimpressed look, like he can’t even be bothered to be properly annoyed.
He is sorry. He is sorry. He doesn’t know why he did that, or what just happened. He has no idea what just happened.
His heart beats feebly in his chest, like each beat is a hopeless attempt to break out of his ribcage to chase after what he wants, to run after Charlie or go look for Sam or just land safely in Cas’s lap.
That…is less of a lie, at least. He is still scared of seeing Sam again, still feels overwhelmed at the thought, but the thought of
“I was just gonna put it over on the counter.” The doctor says calmly. “You’ll get it back, I promise.”
The name rings out, and frees Dean from his mind.
No, that anger had been fear fueled and corrupted, had made his hands shake in terror and rage and blinded him to reality with it’s panic.
“Look, I…” he cuts himself off, seeming frustrated. “Look, whatever. It’s whatever. Just. Here.”
Dean hangs his head. “M’not brave.” He says. “Was scared.”
Cas looks even more startled then, and Dean understands why. He doesn’t think he’s ever made a sound that sounded so happy, didn’t know his body was capable of it.
gone, Cas has to continue to believe that. He has to continue to believe that, and keep the grief at bay. More paralyzing than panic, letting this feeling overwhelm him is the surest way to ensure he fails today, and to snuff out any true hope he has of seeing Dean made safe once more.
Benny shakes his head.
It’s Jess.
“I know, Dean. I’m going to tell you.”
“Of course, Dean.” Cas answers from behind him. He sounds pleased but surprised.
His heart feels like a kicked in door. The thought of Dean beats inside him like a drum.
“I’m so fucked up.” Dean mumbles against the cotton of Cas’s shirt.
Joy plays inside his head like music.
He needs to stop hiding. He needs to stop hiding in here, needs to get up and get Dean a blanket so the poor thing can finally go to sleep.
He can’t be sure.
But Dean is so sweetly transparent about his concern for the cow that Cas understands immediately, and his heart swells with warmth.
“You must be Dean, right?” She says, and his heart leaps in his chest. He flinches away from her grin on instinct.
“Yes. It felt very nice.”
Dean’s heart, regardless of the transient qualities it possesses, feels like it has dropped into his stomach, and he feels sick like he’s going to throw it up.
“It’s ok.” Cas says again. “This is my fault. I shouldn’t have expected to do both the doctor and shopping in one day to begin with.”
Dean huffs out a breath, and seems to steel himself.
His feet are bare against the cool earth floor. He digs one of his toes slightly into it.
Cas smiles at him then, and even though the man can’t see it, Dean smiles back.
Cas makes a face of bewilderment, running his right hand through his hair once before dropping it.
and can’t help him anymore, his father who died and left him alone in a world he doesn’t belong in and with a life he can’t handle by himself.
It seems every time he turns around, Dean has found some left over chore to finish, some new way to make himself useful.
He’s stating the obvious, but he knows better to pry into another slave’s history, even if it worked out in the end.
Dean’s head jerks up in surprise.
His limbs feel like jelly.
With the way he had been hissing at Cas all day, Cas would have thought Sam would have sooner thrown
You were forbidden to warm yourself to.
Cas doesn’t say anything, but Dean doesn’t really expect him to.
They were playing a game of chess that Sam could not tell if he was winning.
“You’re telling me there’s a bloodstain on the coffee table.”
Something happy and bright bubbles up inside Dean at the knowledge that that is his doing, and he finds himself grinning dumbly.
Cas stares at it a long time before he does, contemplating if this could be yet another trick. He doesn’t see how it could be, though, so at long last he grasps it with his own.
“If it’s alright with both of you,” He hears the man continue. “I would actually like to talk with you both separately, Cas first, then you, Dean.”
Dean stays silent, not knowing what Cas is talking about. Of course it’s his fault. It’s always his fault.
He stands, and watches as Sam jerks in surprise, and then pretends that he hadn’t. Making his way over to the cart, Sam’s head turns smoothly to track him, reminding him unnervingly of a suspicious screech-owl.
“I like both, Sir,” Dean says truthfully. “I like whatever you want to give me.”
He feels the sharp pain of skin scraped bloody, and the sharp cold of the icy street he’s fallen upon. They both barely register as he pushes himself so he is sitting up, heart hammering in his throat.
Breathing heavily, he stares down at the water.
It’s not clear to him why he felt the need to share all that, suddenly, why he wanted Dean to know he also used to want to spend his little money on Luna, but wasn’t allowed to.
“Oh,” he says quietly. “I forgot I had them on.”
“Yeah.” Dean rasps. “I guess I do.”
*******
“Did you go outside without shoes on?” Cas asks, alarmed, though once again the evidence is obvious in the form of Dean’s clearly bare feet. “There’s snow out there, Dean!”
Now it’s Cas’s turn to look surprised.
The boy had taken him back here after he’d woken him, instead of throwing him out. Dean hadn’t been sure if he really wanted help with dishes, or if he’d start pulling Dean’s clothes off once the door between the rooms swung shut. He hadn’t cared either way, grateful to be kept from the snow.
He wants to cry again, and considers letting himself, just to have a reason to delay this further.
His focus shifts, and suddenly he is staring at his own reflection in the glass. Feeling a sudden surge of anger, he scowls and rubs at the stain harder, growling at it’s persistence.
Dean’s hands twist into the cloth in his lap.
Dean’s heart rate picks up, and he ducks his head again.
Dean thinks, wiping down one of the dishes. Kindhearted. Kind to Dean even though he’s stupid and lazy and a whore who doesn’t deserve anything.
His chickens are safe, in their cage. His cow is safe, in her harness. Cas keeps them safe, takes care of them, even as he limits their freedom.
Dean doesn’t answer, not with words, anyway. But his hands, draped loosely near his chest, curl up into Cas’s tunic.
Dean has gone stiff against Cas’s legs, wracked with shame. He should move. He should move, and stop letting Cas pet him so nicely, he doesn’t deserve it, should be ashamed of himself for wanting it. But he doesn’t. He can’t. Because, as terrible as it is, he’s lying to himself, isn’t he? He’s convincing himself that this is something he’s become, that something over the past few years has broken him from the ideal soldier he used to be. But that’s not quite true, and as far as he’s fallen, he’s always believed that the greatest act of cowardice is to hide from oneself.
Cas shakes his head violently. “No,
He lifts the coat with his hands, and notes consciously for the first time how heavy it is. And he loves that, he loves the weight in his hands, because the weight is there to protect him, to keep him safe from the cold.
They are paying him no mind, shoving past him, grabbing at the flour still spilling forth from the mill, calling for blood that Cas does not want to see. It is pandemonium, and Cas clutches his hands over his ears to try to keep it out.
Dean’s eyes flicker back down to the coins.
Dean dumps the soggy paper towel in the trash when he’s finished, before hurrying back over to Cas. He ducks under Cas’s arm and reaches his own around the man’s torso, pulling the man so that he leans his weight on the slave.
(Sam never was grateful for scraps.)
He seems nervous, Cas thinks, and that makes
he thinks.
“I said you weren’t coming for him, and he said he knew that. But I think he was half hoping anyway.”
“It’s ok that you don’t.” Benny tells him. “I understand it must be hard for you to believe. But it is the truth. I specialize in working with slaves and ex-slaves, and the Harvelle Center hired me because I’m good at what I do. Trust issues are very common among my patients, and I would be out of a job pretty quickly if I didn’t keep their information confidential.”
In October, Dean tries to leave again.
Next chapter will be up tomorrow or the day after tomorrow!!
“Here, let me carry that over for you, it’s heavy,”
Still, Cas doesn’t know if he would be able to so quickly and accurately reconstruct such events, if the situations were reversed.
“You’re lying.” Dean says immediately.
Dean squeezes his legs tighter towards his chest, holding them there for a moment. Then he seems to relax.
“It’s going to be ok,” he whispers out loud to himself.
He’d nicked Sam’s phone earlier, wanting to see pictures of him at Stanford, knowing the password would be some variation of his name. He’d been correct, and Dean pulls it out again now, typing
He stares down at Luna intently, incompetence burning a hole inside of him.
He will go. He will go, and go willingly. He won’t make the boy throw him out. He won’t make the boy touch him, or talk to him again. It would be the worst kind of repayment to continue to be so bad and foul in his presence.
The first time he does so, Dean tenses, looking back at Cas with fright on his face before grabbing the bucket and scampering back inside as fast as he can.
Dean nods at the warning, like he understands.
“About what?” He asks, and then waits.
The words pierce into him like a spinning needle, and send a cold shock of fear through his bloodstream like sharp and metallic venom.
Everything is fine. He’s still with Cas. His heart knows its place.
to be good, for Cas.
Cas croaks, again, at the figure hovering above him.
“Ok.” Dean mumbles, overwhelmed.
Dean who is his
He doesn’t want him to like Dean only if he isn’t a whore, only if he pretends, only if he doesn’t smile at men who grab his ass and let them touch him like he likes it.
“Yes,” Dean says simply. “You were the one who gave it to me. It was yours to take back, if you wanted. I couldn’t hate you for that.”
Cas is jerked, once, in the middle of the word.
“I mean,” he adds, trying to sound gentler, “It’s been a long day.”
His mouth is peeled back in a grin like a flesh wound, revealing blood stained teeth within.
He wishes now that he’d pretended not to hear.
Cas thinks, with some horrible feeling that could be relief if their situation was any less terrifying.
, then his masters wouldn’t have to punish him so much.
It’s this more than anything that has Dean’s eyes fluttering open, that has the corner of his mouth being tugged upwards.
He’d heard the anxiety in Cas’s voice the moment the man had realized something was wrong, but it took Dean what, five full minutes to notice the extent to which Cas is freaked?
“Absolutely! That’s fantastic, Dean. I’m glad you want to learn.”
Sam snaps. “Can we just go and
“Are you hot?” Cas asks earnestly. “We can roll down a window.”
“Sammy.” Dean says simply.
His heart seizes in his chest, and the shot of fear that jerks through him is excruciating within his exhausted body.
The buzzing in his ears drowns out the voice of panic. The fury in his mouth overwhelms the taste of fear.
“We’re not going to get caught,” Sam tells him, as they lead Luna and the cart inside. “That stupid priest never comes in here. Just Bela, when she feeds the animals.”
His eyes are blue, Dean notices for the first time. They’re nice eyes. Comforting, like rest after a long day of work.
He breathes, inhaling and exhaling deeply in an attempt to calm himself.
It is desperation more than anything else that makes him grab at Sam’s arm as the boy makes to brush past where Dean is stood by the doorway.
But then, he also isn’t used to having to fend off advances from anyone other than adult men, who seem to know, somehow, that he’s a whore, who can tell what he’s good for just by looking at him.
He shuffles over to the door Benny pointed at, and opens it just a crack, peaking in.
So excited to be starting this next part!! As always you can come give me prompts/just talk to me at https://ao3gingerswag.tumblr.com/
In truth, he cannot even allow himself to consider this though without being overwhelmed with despair.
“I don’t know what to do.” He confesses, and he says it like it’s something horrible.
It’s a startlingly childish turn of phrase, from this boy who speaks so crudely.
“Like…on the grass?” He clarifies
Sleeping on benches and eating shitty diner food, alone and occasionally roughed up, but mostly unhurt.
He’s held for only a moment before he’s suddenly lifted into the air, carried bridal-style.
Dean likes that. It feels solid. It feels safe.
He has to stop, once he unwinds it, though, has to put it down and lean against the side of the cart to keep his knees from buckling, as he waits for the urge to start crying to pass.
As always you can come give me prompts/talk to me at https://ao3gingerswag.tumblr.com/
“Sir, you don’t…Cas, you don’t have to do that. I can do it. I can do it, Sir.”
So he leads Luna out from the back of the inn and back onto the road, and spends the rest of the night driving around the town in circles, too scared to stop once again and leave himself open to attack.
He would be lost, and he would be nothing. He would die.
Then both of those feelings fade, and are replaced by a fondness that swells within him until it bursts.
Who the hell else is here, he has no idea.
on occasion that John was off on a bender somewhere, leaving he and Sam to their safety. He would be sewing a patch onto Sam’s pants, or cooking dinner, or cleaning Johns guns, and Sam’s voice would lift him out of his miserable life for a few happy minutes, buoyed by the story and the love he could know he wasn’t imagining when Sam went out of his way to make him happy.
https://mere-mortifer-art.tumblr.com/post/645098109795516416/fanart-for-chapter-one-of-wander-home-by
It had taken him over an hour to figure out where he was that morning, and then another ten to get back home. Five hours alone had been spent just hiking up the mountain to Cas’s house, hours that were startlingly quiet after the noise of the daytime city.
By the time he’s finished, his stomach feels full enough to burst, but he picks up any remaining dredges with his fingers and tongue anyway. He’s never felt so full, and his stomach feels like a block of led dragging him down into the waters of sleep.
The relief he feels makes his knees weak, makes him want to burst into tears.
Below him, the molester starts to sit up, gobsmacked look disappearing, face turning red and spiteful.
for behaving in a way that led Sam to think he was less loved than he was. Than he
...anyone still here?
(See the end of the chapter for
he’d wondered, uncertain.
Cas seems less scary than he had on the way to the ice house too.
He’s so tired. It’s hard to keep up with what’s going on.
He can’t help but try anyway.
The light in the sky is blazing red and orange, the screaming death throes of the day as it finally gives way to the night.
“About…me being your friend?”
He’s so tired of fear. So tired of living with nothing to depend on but the promise of more and more pain.
He misses his own bed, like he imagines his girls must too.
begging for it earlier today in the store, and now he’s trying to take it back. It doesn’t work like that.
God it is crazy to be finishing this!!!! I started writing this story when I was 17, the summer after high school. Now I'm 22 and had my grad school orientation yesterday. To everyone who's been along this crazy long ride with me- thank you all so much!! I know I'm not the most punctual or speedy writer out there, and I've frequently taken 5 to 7 months to update. Your patience and encouragement has meant more to me than I can possibly articulate. I had never written anything but non-fiction before when I started this- This was my first experience trying to write something that wasn't an essay! To say I never expected this response would be an understatement. All of you have been so kind and encouraging. I've had an idea for a book in my head since I was about 13 but never seriously thought about trying to write it until I got such a positive response to this fic. I've been inspired by this experience, and have started writing with the intent to publish. Ahh sorry this is getting so long, I'm being so sappy but this fic has followed me through some of the hardest but most important years of my life. Thank you thank you thank you all!! I hope to see you in the notes of the timestamps :) I promise this time I will interact with you all more. I used to be too shy to reply to the comments I got and only recently have been starting to come out of my shell a little. I hope my radio silence never made anyone feel like there comments were unappreciated. I read every single comment I got on this fic and treasure and reread them all <3 <3 <3
Her eyes land on Dean for only a moment before moving on. She doesn’t seem to even register the open wounds on his face.
“But it’s Dean’s.”
Dean does so, sitting forward with his legs dangling off the table.
He puts his hands over his eyes and breathes, and waits for the panic to pass. Waits for his mind to come back to him.
Warning: This chapter is a lot more explicit about the abuse Dean has suffered than the last one.
The fire is warm where Dean collapses in front of it. A woman seated next to him gives him a dirty look, and walks away. Dean pays her no mind. He’s used to being something revolting, and has no energy to spare for embarrassment, at least not now, as the heat from the fire seems to suck out the miserable adrenalin that had kept him standing up till now.
A greasy looking man hangs out the window, looking Dean up and down.
“I’m not angry.” Cas tells him softly, and Dean already knew that by his own lack of bruises, yet it he feels something in him un-knot anyway, so maybe he wasn’t as convinced of this as he thought.
He recoils from her reaction like it has physically harmed him, feels pinned by her naked horror like it is a hand holding him down.
Dean’s eyes flicker back up to the mirror, and he catches his own gaze. His wide, frightened eyes stare back at him, and for a moment that’s all he sees. Then the rest of the image comes into focus. His pale face, his slack body, the way he’s trapped against the man behind him. His eyes drop to where the man’s hand disappears into his pants, and he finds himself unable to rip his gaze away from the outline of the fist cupping his cock possessively.
But they are leaving, even if slowly. As he watches, those lucky enough to get out disappear into the blinding light of the outside, the way people describe dying when they want to make it sound nice.
Please leave kudos and a comment if you enjoyed :)
Sam puts away the turnip, and then another one, and then a large carrot, before finally telling Cas that he’s full.
The thought of the hours of work that lay ahead of threatens to overwhelm his tired mind, and he pushes the knowledge aside, trying not to think about it. He’s been up since four, collecting the eggs from the chickens and plants from the garden, cooking the meals he’d serve the customers, checking people in and out and keeping the fire tended to.
EDIT: Updated with edits from my lovely beta, Tanuki Tan <3
The words feel awkward in his mouth, but he’s unsure what else to call him. It would be cruel to call him whore.
Eyes glazed and heavy lidded, face slack and soft, Cas had thought the boy, if not asleep, at least unaware, in a hypnotized daze of comfort.
“Am I hurting you?” Cas asks anxiously when the boy makes yet another sound.
“Dean!” He says, much too loudly.
Like blood frozen on your legs.
Quite suddenly, the transparent panic disappears, and is replaced by anger.
“I didn’t say that either.”
But he’d done more than that, Cas thinks, and his anger grows exponentially as he takes in the image of Dean’s wilted form besides him.
Cas pauses, and turns back to the other boy, staring up to where he sits in the wagon.
It’s just, he’s so sick of being yanked around by large men, is so sick of not being
The man, presumably Cas, smiles again. “That’s alright. We should get going though. It’s already four o’clock and shelter closes at nine.”
He’s turned away, to make his way across the street, when Sam calls out his name again.
“I’m not trying to…accuse Cas of anything,” He says, when the silence has dragged on too long. “But whether or not he would hit you, the part of you that would allow him to is still real.”
But all the doctor does is tap his chin, silently asking for Dean to tilt his head up. Dean does so, and Bobby furrows his brow as he examines the marks.
Instead of sating him, it makes another question appear, like the fact that no one is hitting him is making him want to ask as many questions as possible while he still can. He should probably quit while he’s ahead, but Dean has never been very well trained, and he at least gives himself permission to speak this time if not consciously choosing to do so.
Time trapped and slow and at the mercy of the pace of the mill, the line seems unmoving, and the people resigned, to their unhappiness and the lack of progress. The queue seems to sag in places, like a rope not stretched tightly enough, as different people in different places lean against the wall or sit down on the ground entirely. In one place, two boys of maybe 12 seem to be gambling for a bottle of beer. In another, a middle aged man sits with his head on his knees, overwhelmed with exhaustion or grief or both.
(See the end of the chapter for
So he visits the animals during the storms again.
What do you think??? Should I continue?? Believe it or not I planned for this to be almost entirely fluff but I guess I can't help but write angst. I'm thinking if I keep going though that I'll try to make the next chapters happier, since they will be more of Dean and Cas exploring the market and trying new things :)
He doesn’t know what to say.
He hears Cas’s breath stutter. The thumb is pulled out of his mouth.
It’s not an expected response, but also isn’t…an
he shrieks, high pitched and hysterical. “Don’t
Sam stands frozen, stupidly holding his book. He would have felt less intrusive if he walked in on them having sex.
Face pink, Dean ducks his head. He’s used to being manhandled, but not so carefully, not with such kind intent. He’s used to letting his body be pushed around, but isn’t used to not being hurt while it happens.
He shouldn’t. He’s not allowed to act on his own thoughts, he’s too stupid. He’s not supposed to take initiative, he’s supposed to do as he’s told. If Cas needs his help he will say so.
(Perhaps it is that if Cas lets himself focus on what he knows now, about where Dean is, about who has him, about what could be happening to him at
we have
He’s too old to be Sam, is in his mid 40s, at least, with grey hair around his temples and deep lines on his forehead, etched in from a lifetime of scowling. Cruel face, cold eyes, with a large torso and large muscles and large hands that could probably break a log in half, that could break Dean in half like a twig.
Bobby’s eyebrows jump up in shock at Dean’s words, before his face relaxes into a kind but sad expression.
Well.
He doesn’t tell them that he might have to sell them, once he finds Dean, if he finds he cannot take care of them anymore.
Dean smiles then, with so much warmth that it knocks the wind out of Sam.
“Oh.” Cas says, nodding in understanding. “You were with a family.”
“I’m not happy.”
“I won’t.”
He’s still smiling, wistful and bittersweet in a way that makes Dean’s chest ache. Dean isn’t smiling anymore. His mouth is soft, slightly open. When Cas’s thumb makes its way towards it again, Dean turns his head slightly towards it, so it is pressed against his bottom lip.
, Dean is afraid. He’s
It weighs a thousand pounds, where it rests on his body, heavy with guilt and broken promises.
Because he’s ten.
People can bear much in the name of love. Without that banner, they’re left writhing and scared.
The longer Cas goes without hurting him for his mistakes, the more awful Dean feels about making them.
“I could tutor you, if you want.” Dean hears instead.
But he hadn’t known how to handle the bruises. There were so many, layered over themselves in different stages of healing, some so dark they were almost black. To Cas it seemed like barely an inch of the boy’s body hadn’t been bruised.
“Ready for bed?” He asks, and Dean nods.
They’re waiting to be exploited, to have even more taken away from them, waiting to have every last farthing squeezed out of them by a monster with a death grip on the town’s throat.
Cas pushes his face into the pillow, and his joy into tomorrow.
He can’t help it though. He’s being given so much time now, time where his mind isn’t overtaken by fear or pain. That’s all that’s kept the wall up in the past, and he’s been lying to himself if he ever thought it was his own willpower. It wasn’t. It was just that the sharp stab of survival had kept his mind occupied.
Best regards,
“Please, Sir.” He begs. “Do you remember? How swollen and bruised up I was?”
The thought drops into his head like a slap. Dean pushes it painfully away.
He’d have to acknowledge the time that he just
Cas breathes, and stares, afraid.
“That’s
“You’re mad at me!” the boy accuses hysterically.
Cas snaps backwards, slamming his fork down on his plate in frustration. He freezes, muscles completely taut, and Dean has to force himself to stay put and not bolt. Running will only make everything worse.
Hey Cassie,
The world is cold and hard and cruel.
There is grief in his chest, and, for the first time, there is anger, and resentment, and rage.
He can’t stand to be looked at suddenly, by this boy with such pretty eyes that are unbearably afraid.
Oh god, this is a test, isn’t it. This is a test to see if Dean is capable of being what Cas needs and he’s already failing it.
Cas doesn’t know what he’s going to do if this doesn’t work. He doesn’t know what he’s going to do if he’s wrong.
It’s been clear throughout their entire conversation that Kevin has been at least comparatively sheltered. And he’s pretty sure that still holds true. But he’s wondering for the first time who’s treatment has been more abnormal, his or Kevin’s.
But Sam doesn’t answer. Instead, he reaches down to the bucket besides him, and using both of his hands, yanks it upwards.
And oh, you had forgotten the sun
There’s a long silence after that, and Dean is just beginning to think he’s scared Cas off for real this time when the man finally responds.
“Dean?” He asks tentatively.
“But later-”
As always, you can come give me prompts/ideas or just talk to me at https://ao3gingerswag.tumblr.com/
The terror in his stomach is coalescing into dread. At what he’ll find, at what he won’t find…if he even finds anything at all. The hope he’d had at at least catching up to Sam before he allowed Dean to succumb to the cold is draining out of his body like its equally precious warmth.
Dean wants to die.
was almost horrifying in Dean’s mind.
Something is wrong. Something is wrong.
She gestures around, and for a moment Dean thinks she means a recycling room. He blinks in confusion, but then she continues.
Cas’s brow furrows in concern, and he tilts his head in a way that reminds Dean bizarrely of an owl.
he realizes with a pang. In his heart, he mourns the loss of who he is, who he was, who he was, who he was.
As if he doesn’t see this “Bela” as a threat.
But he isn’t blowing up, nor does he seem like he might. He just seems….annoyed, but resigned. As if he is used to this.
Cas thinks, looking at the whore’s battered face.
Dean watches as Cas’s face slips rapidly from a smile to startled to discomfort.
The boy opens his mouth, ready to bombard Cas with demands for more answers, but Cas shakes his head and cuts him off before he can start.
All of a sudden he can’t stand the weight of the air, muggy with his own sweat and threatening to suffocate him in his own fear. He throws off the sheets tangled around him and stumbles towards the window, pulling it open. The cool night air flows in, brushing over his skin and giving him relief.
Next to him, Cas sighs, and Dean looks over to him.
The books Cas bought for him arrive on Tuesday, exactly a week and four days after he’d been given to the man.
The weather is warm. The road is clear. What can he do? What can he do?
at everyone,
He spends the next hour and a half trying to fold the very small amount of clothes without falling asleep on them, with debatable success. When at last he finishes the work, he finally passes out for good right there on the floor.
that, and is sure that any second now he’s going to hear Benny get up, feel his huge hand ripping at his hair, forcing his eyes upwards.
He could have easily threatened the child in order to coerce Cas into releasing Dean. But he hasn’t even thought to try such a thing, not believing that Cas would have any interest in protecting the child for any reason.
The water almost burns, but it feels good. It feels real.
The knowledge is in his mind now, and the book serves no practical purpose any more.
“I…My master brought me here to see a therapist.” He says quietly, and cringes.
Even though it’s light out, hours after he usually starts on his morning work. Even though the boy has clearly been working while Dean slept.
It’s the truth. A truth, one of several that are causing pain in his mind.
Anyway, feeling even a third of fine is worlds better than how he’s used to feeling, so he really should be able to drag his eyes off the ground, shouldn’t he?
And he’d had...a fit, right there on the bed, in front of Dean, who hadn’t left the whole time.
After a moment passes, though, he gives a small nod of agreement.
“Should be,” Cas replies. “It’s been long enough. Are we going to bake them?”
Even whatever part of him has been keeping track of how long he’s been awake has given up. He has no idea how long it’s been.
“Shut him
It was never pleasant, but it was nothing new either.
it, like an
Dean looks up in surprise.
Maybe all that matters is that he’d come back. Maybe. But love is a strong tether. It doesn’t erase everything else you are feeling.
When he is through, though, he lets himself stop, for once, at last, finally. He puts on his coat and boots and walks out the door, picking flowers on the way to see his father.
He means it too. He doesn’t
The grip on Dean’s hair disappears, only to reappear a moment later on his neck, pushing downward. Dean goes pliantly, sinking to his knees with practiced ease, and turning himself without being prompted so his mouth is level with the bulge in the man’s pants.
he’d thought.
“John would send me out to make money on the street,” he starts blankly. “I didn’t…I wasn’t very good at it. I mean, I would ask the men for money after they fucked me. But sometimes they wouldn’t give me any. And even when they did….I don’t know. I’m too stupid. John was always mad at me for not making enough. Even when I thought. Even though I would bring back-”
And Cas’s heartbeat had stuttered in his chest.
Dean purses his lips, trying not to feel ashamed under Kevin’s incomprehension. Of course he doesn’t understand, he’s a smart, functioning kid, he probably spent his whole life fighting to get out of whatever prison he was stuck in and prove his potential.
Cas flushes, embarrassed.
Kissing-Chefs Notes: This is just a colorization of the comics i made earlier that can be found on the Wander Home Artwork page (which is completely sick, btw). I might make more as well. "Will they be added here or on the main page?" Y e s. The same thing can exist in two places, alright, go read some quantum mechanics.
Bobby considers him carefully. Dean isn’t sure what to make of the look, but unlike most, he doesn’t look like he doesn’t believe him, so the hydra that has made it its job to defend Cas doesn’t rear it’s head.
Cas in chapter 19: https://iasip.link/?IkNhcyBTdGFydHMgYSBCcmVhZCBSaW90Ig==
He hears Dean shift around, like he is trying to get comfortable.
Then he’d been sold. For the sixth time. And he’d thought it was over for him. He’d hoped, really, that it was over for him. He was so tired of pain.
that’s why he hadn’t fought, because he’d thought that’s what Cas wanted. But he was clearly wrong, and it’s his own fucking fault for being so stupid.
But he gave Dean furs to sleep in at night, and lets him lie him right by the fire. He sent Dean back inside every time he caught him outside without the coat and boots, told him over and over that he’s going to freeze, as if he thinks it’s a bad thing.
“Is it sturdy? Does it seem like it will fall apart?”
Shit. Cas wasn’t supposed to know he came down here, he disobeyed, what time is it even, he’s supposed to have made breakfast, fuck he fucked up Cas is going to be so angry he’s going to beat him he’s going to get rid of him…
Maybe they’ll both be happy.
“Shit.” Cas says, and suddenly the hands around his wrists are on his back, arms wrapped around his torso, and it’s not until he’s being dragged backwards that he realizes he’s speaking out loud.
Still though, it was only ever the aftershocks of the fights that he had to deal with, right up until they were really tumbling towards the end. In the last year or so, Sam really started to seem like he was just spitting fire at anyone to get it out of his own heart.
He cries on the ground for what feels like forever.
There’s a nick on his cheek, barely visible, where someone had backhanded him with a ring on. Dean knows Cas must feel it, light as it is, because Dean can feel it too. But Cas doesn’t shy from it, or try to rub it away, but brushes over it with the same warmth with which he touches the rest of Dean.
Cas breathes in and out, deeply. Dean rises and falls with his chest.
On the front, right over the adam’s apple, there is a cut, raw and sharp. A slit, that had come so close to splitting his neck wide open.
He takes a breath, looks down at his crotch again.
“Then why have a four-year-old take care of an infant?”
The world is quiet and still, noiseless but for the sounds of the fire and Dean’s nearly silent crying against Cas’s chest.
The warm feeling vanishes, and is replaced with cold terror.
“Never.” Cas repeats. Dean bites his lip.
He smiles again, which Dean likes, and reaches his hand out towards him.
lies. Because he’s not supposed to be able to read. According to the paperwork, he can’t. He’s not a skilled slave, he’s not trained in any area where it would be helpful. He’d been taught off the books, on the floors of dirty motel rooms by a teacher who barely brushed four feet, only bothering to learn at all because he wanted to be able to help said teacher with his homework.
Eventually Cas seems to realize that he is not going to get a response, and he moves on.
How could he? Even now, it’s almost impossible for Cas to see himself as intimidating. In his own mind, he’s always the bumbling idiot, always the half-crazy boy he’d grown up as, who’s so easily manipulated and mocked and taken advantage of. Helpless and stupid and mostly insane, what could Cas be to anyone but a victim, or someone to pity?
Dean again takes as deep of a breath as he can without hurting himself.
Using his free hand, Dean reaches up to his pajama shirt and starts to pop open the blue buttons. It’s only after Dean reaches the button under Cas’s fingers that the man realizes what he’s doing, and his face turns wary.
“Fuck.” He hears Bobby say, but he sounds weirdly far away and disconnected.
“It’s not like you think.” He insists. His voice is shaky, and he can tell he sounds desperate. He can’t help it though, he has to make Cas
Everything is so still.
Give way to spring that comes, to spring that thaws,
He tries to speak, but raw, irregular sobs force there way out of him in place of words.
But it hadn’t seemed obvious then. It had been too dark and too cramped and too hot, and there'd been a stranger’s hand fondling his junk. He’d been
“For being bad!” Dean cries, eyes flying to Cas’s face at last. “For disobeying, for back talking. I’m bad, ok? I’m bad and I won’t get good enough for you unless I do this!”
When he opens his eyes again, he looks resigned.
to somebody. How would having a conversation help him be good, be
needs him. They both need Cas’s help, which he can’t give if he lets the mortification overwhelm him.
It’s hard for him to find the will to care.
What had happened after he’d passed out? The last thing he remembers is being pulled over to the bed, Cas hovering over him, and then… leaving? He thinks. He remembers falling asleep here, which wouldn’t have happened if his master had been using him. But had Cas come back during the night?
Cas hadn’t realized how tense the boy had been until he isn’t anymore. He’s watched Dean stiffen in fear on and off all day, but only now with the boy malleable before him does he realize that even the young man’s baseline is a level of anxiety that most people rarely feel.
Cas is kind. So even though he hates whores and Dean had been a whore, he hadn’t hurt him or sent him away.
“You selling?” The man asks.
He’d told Cas as much, but his protests had gone unheard, and now he is sitting in the lobby, waiting to have his fucking boo-boos bandaged by Dr. Singer again.
The voice is pretty and quiet, nervous but not terrified, not falling apart like Cas’s thoughts.
He misses Sam. That’s the only thing he’s really sure of any more.
Cas looks wary.
He’d yelled at the man to leave, and for Dean to go back to the kitchen.
“Yes,” he replies shortly, wanting this conversation to be over. “Can we rent a room?
Stunned, Cas blinks up at the ceiling, which is fading in and out of focus. His own breathing is too loud in his ears, and he’s trembling, with pain and shock and fear.
Dean lets the shirt he’d been clutching so tightly fall out of his hands at last, going limp with terror.
Cas shakes his head.
Damn it.
“Cas, you’re
Before he can ask what in the name of god they are doing here, if the priest is as disgusting as Cas suspects he is, Sam is marching ahead of him, and Cas has to rush to catch up.
He pauses, letting the words settle in. Dean bites his lip.
Where are you?
“Um,” Cas says uncomfortably. “You fell asleep.”
But his voice doesn’t match whatever his features are doing, which do not shift like his tone does.
He must have spoken with more feeling than he meant to, because Sam looks at him with surprise, then a softness that makes Dean uncomfortable.
He opens his mouth to say something, but his breath is caught in his throat.
“Taking it all in, Dean?” He asks at one point, as Dean cranes his head to stare at a juggling man across from them.
See, there were other monsters, and they were frightening in the familiar way. They were big and brutish and loud, angry and uncontrolled and violent. Like dragons, and wild beasts, which knights so often fight.
Half of it, he thinks as he starts to kiss Cas’s cheeks, is just the freedom of it, and the elation at being allowed to do this without also getting a hand shoved down his pants. He’s never touched anyone like this before, and he doesn’t really know what’s going on. This isn’t sex, nor is it foreplay. There’s nothing sexual in Dean’s touch, he’s been very careful about that, lest he breaks whatever spell this is and Cas sends him away. But this also isn’t the purely comforting touch that Cas has given him. He’s happy that Cas has calmed down, but there is another, more selfish feeling inside him, a happiness for his own sake. It’s been about ten minutes now, and Cas still hasn’t thrown him off or started groping him, and Dean realizes with a jolt that he wasn’t even nervous about either of those things happening.
He likes feeling like that. He likes holding Cas’s hand.
Sam stays in the cart while Cas builds a fire in the fireplace, and stays in the cart while Cas cooks up some potatoes and leeks and roots.
Something terrible happens then. The terrible thing is that he wants to say yes.
Please leave kudos and a comment if you enjoyed. As always, you can come talk to me at my tumblr https://ao3gingerswag.tumblr.com/ :)
The wind is loud outside. He very much does not want the boy to change his mind.
Dean berates himself. But Cas doesn’t let him stay angry at himself for long.
doesn’t, and because he never took Dean for the church-going type.
“It is now.”
He doesn’t look down at her as he speaks, but keeps his eyes intently trained on Cas’s body.
Dean shrugs. “I like Harry.” He offers, feeling unoriginal.
He wonders.
He uses a stick to dig and drag a thick and blackend potato out of the coals, and uses his own rag to pick it up.
Cas stares right back.
“Am I scared right now, Cas?”
“No you may
And the boy
apparently.
“Then I’d take you home and rape you raw.”
Cas is starting to think that Sam might have been wrong. That maybe Alastair has forgotten about him entirely, convinced he’d scared him off for good yesterday. He might have no intention of leaving to go catch him breaking in at all.
It never had, before Dean came along. He’d never thought about what he looked like at all.
None of that had managed to convince him that belonging to Cas isn’t the foundation of his happiness, because he cannot conceive of anything different. So he wrapped each argument and each avoidant comment in the belief that they just don’t want him to think of Cas as John, and tucked them deep inside him to be forgotten about.
He’d said in disbelief, and Dean had shrunk before him.
Shame fills his heart. Why did he ever think he could do this? Why did he ever think he could be more than a toy?
Dean curls his toes inside of his warm socks, feels the woolen softness against his feet.
Sadie has wandered over and, deciding the water must be for her, has started drinking, dipping her head in and out.
*************
Cas follows him, and stands next to him as he considers the treats laid before him.
It’s that that makes him notice that he’s still wearing the robe from last night, pale and clean. The robe lay open down his front, exposing his bandaged chest. Dean pulls it closed around him, and uses the sash that had come undone in the night to tie it shut. He’d go bare if he thought that’s what Cas wanted, but the boy hadn’t been happy to see his body last night. He won’t subject Cas to that revolting experience again.
He berates himself. You should never assume. Assuming gets you beat.
The idea that someone could see him as a threat had been so alien that he’d honestly been unable to really grasp it, and had started interpreting Sam’s fear as mere dislike.
Dean thinks,
When she brings it, he sips it slowly. It’s strong and bitter, like what Cas had given him. It’s just as terrible as he remembers, but it’s warm and reminds him of Cas, so he drinks it.
kiss his mouth and his neck and his nipples.
Showering has become one of his favorite parts of the day since he worked up the courage a week ago to ask if he’s allowed to use warm water. He’d started to suspect that maybe the habit of bathing in what felt like ice might be another one of those things he’d carried over from his past that Cas would be upset to know about.
Scared of Alastair, scared of John, scared even of Sam and Dean, of their judgement, their needs, their anger at him for not meeting them. Scared of failing to save Dean, and scared of succeeding, of what he will find, of what will be left, of discovering he doesn’t know how to even begin to pick up all the shattered pieces around him.
“I can’t use money. I don’t know how.”
Whatever he’d felt when John had taunted him, this is a hundred times worse.
His voice sounds as kind as it had sounded over the phone, friendly with a southern drawl. Dean tries to use it as a reason to look up, but he can’t.
The voice comes from in front of him, and Cas recognizes it immediately. Even before he’s turned to face it, he feels some part of the stress he’s carried with him the whole day melt away.
Dean will admit that he doesn’t know very much about the standards of the world, or whats considered normal versus what’s considered not. His ignorance, he can acknowledge, applies to pretty much everything, even slavery, despite the fact that he lives within that system. Nevertheless, the past five years have been spent almost entirely indoors, and most of his interactions with other slaves occurred when he was dragged to sadistic sex parties. He has enough self-awareness to acknowledge that this has probably caused somewhat of a bias in how he perceives standard treatment of slaves.
thing Dean had wanted. He feels guilty, like the fact that he had been desperate for Sam to mellow out and stop getting them both into so much trouble is what’s responsible for what’s happening before him now, like some fucked up genie had granted his wish just to show him how wrong he had been.
his father who shook him and brought him to the doctor to be fixed like he was broken and made him hide in the back room all the time and
Time slows down or speeds up or doesn't exist at all, and Dean sits down slowly, hugging the pillow to his chest.
He hadn’t put the blanket back upstairs. It’s next to him on the ground where he’d carried it to, and it’s brushing up against Dean’s thigh.
He feels gross, and sticky, and still very much overheated. The shower is tempting.
Cas hadn’t done either of those things, though. He’d just told him to never do that again, and Dean had promised he wouldn’t, confused but franticly apologetic all the same.
Both times, he’d been hurt terribly. Both times, he’d almost died. Both times, he only hadn’t because Cas had found him, and decided that he was worth keeping.
Hyper-specific knowledge of medieval food preservation techniques? In MY fic?? It's more likely than u think!
He used to tend to it meticulously, but since his father passed he’s barely had the time to harvest the cabbages and beets every now and then, much less take the time to dig out the weeds that creep in.
“The bandages have to come off too, though whoever did them did a damn good job of it.”
John, who’d owned him, who’d beaten him and treated him like dirt, who, from Dean’s passing comments, Cas gathers had been prostituting the boy for a sickeningly long time.
And then he goes back to weeding. And neither of them speak again, for a very long time.
His head hits the ground with a sick
When Alastair speaks, Cas flinches.
A wave of white washes over him, and Dean suddenly can’t breathe as his body is wracked with light.
Dean likes figs.
Dean stands up, unzipping his-
Forever and ever,
It would be so nice to sleep indoors, for all the rest of his life.
His exhaustion does not compromise and diminish just because he is trying to reason with it.
Even that smile, though, had been a fragile thing, small and delicate and easy to tip over. He’d looked at Cas like he’d hung the moon in the sky, but also like it was about to fall and crush them both under it.
The next few weeks are are blur in Sam’s memory. While the weeks leading up to his escape are painful, he is morbidly drawn to them, has spent years returning to them, rationalizing, replaying, reshaping. Blaming himself and Dean and John and himself again in turns, imagining things going differently, imagining the things he should have said. The weeks after he left are not like that. His mind has barely glanced at them since his heart began to put itself back together. They exist in his head like a gaping wound that he feels acutely, but cannot look at for fear that he will faint.
not when, not when-”
Cas counts it as a success, no matter how little it may seem.
Before he can even think of trying to stand up again, he sees John’s form lumbering towards him, huge and blurry and cast in the eerie shadows of the room.
Cas is staring intently at Luna’s nose. He hasn’t stopped petting her this whole time, and doesn’t stop now either.
“If we’re doing this, then we’re doing this,” he says flatly. “I’m not going to let that monster get his hands on either of you, even if I have to stab him to keep him put.”
All the same, he’d known, like some unconscious instinct for pattern recognition had put it together before his brain had.
Dean did not want to come to Alastair and ask, after the second experience. He did not want to be hurt again, with the cruel precision the man used.
” the boy spits, in a high-pitched, mocking voice as he recounts Dean’s apparent tales. “
From: Castiel.Novak@gmail.com
Barely more than ten minutes have passed, but the rain has stopped, and the fog has already started to clear. It’s going to be a warm day, likely one of the last of the season. But the coming winter doesn’t scare him like it used to. He knows he’ll have shelter in the storms.
Dean shrugs, looking down.
He’d been leaning so far across the table that he’d perched a knee on its surface in order to keep himself balanced. Cas had struggled not to lean away.
Does that mean he can wear it right now?
Eventually the boy does continue, though, and just before Dean tilts over into sleep.
Cas feels like he’s walked into a trap all the same.
Cas forces himself to open his eyes. He puts the bread down on its cloth, because the feel of it in his hand is distracting.
is tugging his friend’s unconscious body along by his arms like he’s a dead deer rather than a person. His movements become more frantic as Cas barrels towards them, the yanking more violent as he stumbles backwards in the snow, trying to get away.
And yet.
can’t even tell her that his father is dead he’s
Dean clenches his eyes shut.
“You’re looking for Dean?” he asks. Cas’s heart starts to pound in his chest.
His face stays troubled though, and it is then that Dean is forced to recognize that Cas is serious.
“I don’t know,” Cas says back. “Some people are just kind, I guess.”
Floor 2:
His father had said, “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I…I don’t…”
On the other side of the river, there aren’t any more footsteps.
It plunges towards Cas’s heart like an arrow, aim true, force wild, glinting like the hate in Sam’s eyes. It’s a real killing blow, without any hesitation or confusion behind it, and Cas can tell that it would have been deadly if he hadn’t seen it coming.
If he’s honest…he’s not entirely sure that what he’s following are footprints anymore. He hasn’t been sure that he’s following any real trail for a while. The approaching dusk is making it hard to differentiate between a footprint and a shadow.
And Cas…
“Then why…” he looks over at the other boy, who’s still staring at him with large eyes. “Dean, you. You seem unhappy, right now. You’ve seemed unhappy since we left the market.”
She steps aside so he can reach the boxes, and sits down cross-legged on the ground next to him.
To: castiel.Novak@gmail.com
“He brought me to you because I’m broken, and he knew you would want to fix me. I’m like one of those plants they make old people in nursing homes take care of so they don’t feel so pointless and live a little longer.”
Cas runs his hand through his hair, trying to get his heartbeat under control.
Dean catches it before it can get very far, bringing it back up to cup his jaw.
Cas blinks. He opens his mouth.
Cas swallows, remembering her words.
He’d put up as much as a fight as he could without getting himself killed, but Cas had insisted.
“Breath in real deep now.” He says, and Dean tries to, but a sharp pain in his ribcage stops him before he brings in much air.
“I’m not going anywhere.” Cas says bluntly. “I’d be sitting outside this door whether you wanted me here or not.”
“See?” Cas says. He pats Luna’s neck, and then kisses the side of her face.
“Good morning, Dean.”
shifts, and wraps his damp arms around himself, still clutching the plate with one hand.
It didn’t matter. Sam knew the things he knew, and he felt small and selfish anyway. Perhaps that is just how one always feels when one sees the truth clearly and is unable to fix it.
Memories fall back into his head like raindrops.
But Sam hadn’t wanted to hear Dean’s stories as much as he wanted to hear what was in the books, another thing that Dean had had to pretend didn’t hurt him.
Then she smiles, in a way Cas doesn’t understand, and leans forward in a way that he does.
It’s still far from over.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I thought you were crying because you were in pain,” Cas says eventually, as he’s tying the bandage off at the top.
Cas’s eyes darken, and his smile slips, distracted by the feeling of Dean’s mouth. After a moment of hesitation, his thumb begins its exploration once again, rubbing at Dean’s lip in a much smaller movement than before.
“Look at me,” he’d said gently.
Dean’s heart hurts.
Then he gets up, and starts walking away. For a moment Cas thinks he is headed towards the door, that he is abandoning Cas to his wounds and his grief and confusion. And he wonders if he is supposed to chase after the child, and he wonders how Dean ever dealt with this, if he ever had to, or if Sam was never actually close enough with Dean for them to even fight at all.
to know how far down that blush goes. Does he blush all over, do his shoulder and chest become flushed? He wants to know so badly, and if Cas came in here right now he’s tear the man’s shirt off to find out.
“I just woke up.” He mumbles, as if that wasn’t explicitly obvious.
He learned that the average life expectancy of a slave sold into the sex industry was three months. He tried to believe Dean would beat the odds. He learned legal code. He made contact with abolitionists and freedom fighters. He hacked databanks and sale records.
“I’m sorry, Dean.” He mumbles. “I didn’t mean to upset you. I didn’t mean to wake you up at all.”
After lunch, Cas tells him he’s going to take him to the ice house.
Dean is still looking down, but none the less hears the frown in Bobby’s voice.
It startles him so badly that he cannot help but wonder what she is seeing, in that fact, what glaring awfulness he is missing about it, that it causes such a reaction in her.
Dean always thinks back, overjoyed and warm like a furnace.
He doesn’t understand what’s going on.
There is so much guilt between them.
Things that had previously made him smile now made him look like he was about to cry. Kind words that had before made him glow now made him shrink in on himself like he’d been slapped.
You want to know why people live the way you do.
It’s Sam, who breaks the silence eventually, voice belligerent, but quieter than it had been just a moment before, sounding hesitant and young.
He can’t undo what happened in the kitchen, can’t be what Cas needs, can’t rewind the shit that’s made him forget how to be a person, can’t fix what happened with Sam…
“I don’t understand.” He whispers. “I don’t. I don’t need anything, Mr. Cas.”
And that’s true, Dean supposes, and feels an uncomfortable twist in his gut.
But the memory of being robbed is chasing him down like a mugger. The bruises around his throat remind him how it feels to be taken advantage of.
Dean moans, hips rolling upwards reflexively, seeking out friction that isn’t there.
He leaves the entire ten on the table. The waitress looked like she could use a pick me up.
It sounds like nails on a chalkboard, the wrongness of the words scraping against his diamond-rare trust.
The world is cold and hard and cruel
“You should wear that,” Cas tells him. “It’s freezing.”
“You’re still so thin,” the other boy mumbles, and Dean feels himself hunch over.
Quick and unexpected and abruptly gone, he is left in the aftermath trembling from the burst of adrenaline, fingers shaking and heart beating too quick. As if he had done something brave.
It creeps in through the space between the wall and the roof, where the beams weren’t fit together quite right.
He hadn’t thought he had a limit. Hadn’t thought there was anything he wouldn’t do.
Cabs cost money, though, and he doesn’t want to waste any more of Cas’s than he already has.
Now it’s Dean’s turn to look surprised.
He closes his eyes.
The book. Their book. Only the size of Cas’s hand, but as thick as his whole thumb. Filled with beautiful, delicate drawings of the wildlife surrounding their home, colored with the bright pinks and greens and blues squeezed from the very plants themselves. Words, as well, though neither he or his father could ever read them.
He’d very much like to walk away. But he can’t tell if that would be rude, or if he’s being weird again by lingering.
Dean starts to get anxious in the way he always does when he’s not sure of exactly what he’s supposed to do, especially when he knows what he
He insists. “You’re a
Cas thinks, coldly, viciously. He feels calm and furious as the ocean before a storm.
“S’not.” Dean shudders. “Not wonderful. Just hurts.”
But apparently, once Cas has an idea he doesn’t let it go.
Time rolls away and they roll with it. Life, quite suddenly, loses the stagnant quality that Dean had learned to accept and turns into something breathing. Three days a week are spent at the center now, which Cas spends talking to children, all children. He’s better with the children.
ok. It’s not ok! If he isn’t good that means he’s bad, and if he’s bad he’s useless, and if he’s useless he gets thrown out to the snow and the wolves because no one wants him around anymore.
being locked up. Please don’t.” Dean breathes harshly. “I was so happy you let me look out the window in the cab today. Except when they move me from a car to a building, I haven’t been outside in five years. I don’t want you to fuck me, I want you to take me outside.”
“Like I said, I figured trading was at least worth a try, even if I didn’t think it would work. I didn’t- I
“Time for 20 questions.” Bobby says, picking up a clipboard from the counter. Cas is still seated next to Dean on the examination table, so Bobby sits down in the chair Cas has left empty.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean thinks. He should be keeping his head down and focusing on not getting hurt, not worrying over whether some free man can buckle his fucking seatbelt. What if Cas gets mad at him? Maybe he needs help, but maybe he’ll be mad that Dean has the audacity to presume.
He’s not allowed to eat before he works. He knows this. He knows this.
(See the end of the chapter for
He stands up at last, and waits for the dread of a bad decision made to form in his stomach. It doesn’t. Instead, something seems to settle in him as he hears the wind howl, knowing the boy won’t tonight be swept away.
The tears spill over before he realizes they’re coming, and he lets them overwhelm him, not even having the energy to wipe them away.
The violent word and Cas’s even more violent flinch breaks through Dean’s haze of fright.
For the first time, he is angry at them for treating him badly, rather than himself for expecting them not to.
Cas kicks and squirms and pulls, and tears at the skin on the man’s arm with his nails, but it does nothing, nothing at all, and Cas starts to panic, realizing he’s trapped.
He’s never felt so genuinely desperate, so strung out and truly overwhelmed with pleasure.
It is sheer luck that he’d even survived this long, he knows. At every turn he’d been convinced he was about to be confronted with the bandits Dean had warned about, and every night he’d been afraid of lighting a fire in case he alerted some outlaw to his presence.
“I think it’s warm on the moon. And I think there’s lots of plants and stuff, with things that we could eat.”
From what he can tell, it looks like Cas feels the same way. He’s shrunk down in his seat, and physically recoils at Charlie’s last worlds. He doesn’t tell her to shut up, or get angry, or even defend himself at all. He’s just sitting there taking it, looking horribly guilty and like he might cry.
“I’ll do what you want, Sir, you don’t need to drug me.”
“He used to watch…he would do something wrong, and John would beat me for it. I didn’t understand how that would fuck him up. I thought if I was the one getting beat, then he was safe, but he wasn’t, was he?”
Cas doesn’t seem all that rich. Then again, the man has a house and is able to afford to take a slave to the doctor, and as far as Dean can tell he doesn’t have a job.
He’s so, so tired.
“Just a little.” Dean says. Cas’s head turns abruptly towards him, and Dean panics, realizing what Cas must be thinking.
He’d said, when Cas asked him to stay, that he likes him. But Cas had never assumed that really meant Dean likes
“For your slave?” He hears her say incredulously. It sounds accusatory, and sure enough, when he glances up, her sceptic eyes are trained on him. He cringes, letting his eyes drop down again.
He doesn’t want to be alone. But he doesn’t want to be a burden either. And he’s scared. He’s so scared.
Dean pants, chest heaving at the thought of Cas jerking his head back, manhandling him like a doll until he was lying over the edge of the tub, ceramic cold against his chest, ass vulnerable in the air.
The boy moves over to his own bed, placed parallel to Cas’s a few feet apart. He climbs up onto it, and snuggles underneath the covers as Cas stands to put the torches out.
There’s no resentment for Dean, though, mixed in with his grief, no resentment towards the boy for a manipulated love he clearly can’t help but feel.
Immediately, he is greeted with the sight of the stain only an inch away from his face.
“I’ll guess I’ll keep looking around then,” Dean says in front of him. “And spend it on something else.”
After hacking away at his stone heart for so long, it’s like he’s finally struck gold, but the gold is his hurt.
“Dean, can you clean the rest of yourself? I can go fetch you a towel and new clothes while you finish.”
Practically begging for it. Hell, he was
As always you can come talk to me at https://ao3gingerswag.tumblr.com/ :) I just realized yesterday I had my asks turned off this whole time!!! I'm so stupid. But they're on now :)
“Oh,” Cas says awkwardly. “Um. Hello.”
he thinks, and he does the damn dishes.
Sam thinks he’s hunted them all this way out of anger. That he’s here to harm them, rather than rescue them from the storm.
That scared Sam more than anything. The realization that he was being lulled into a false sense of security too.
Cas’s form is solid and unmovable. He’s not a tall or large boy, but pressed against him now Dean realizes that a lifetime of work has made him strong.
he thinks, and the thought makes him feel shy.
It’s pretty. Deep brown and clean like water, the fur shines slightly when he moves it, reflecting the light in places off its darkened coat.
1. Tell Cas when you are hurt.
“Oh. Right.”
He doesn’t look angry, which is good. Of course, that’s no guarantee Dean’s going to be listened to. But at least he won’t be punished for doing what he was supposed to.
Cas looks to Dean then. “What was that about?” He asks, and Dean drops his head, suddenly nervous.
The hands on his chest suddenly yank back hard, pulling Dean along with them, and Dean finds himself pinned against the man’s body.
“I tell him how much his whining hurts my feelings, but to tell you the truth, I don’t think he cares.”
“You’re nicer than the others were.” He whispers into Cas’s skin. “I want to stay with you.”
“I need to get into that chest,” he explains patiently, pointing to the box that Sam is leaned against. “It has my food and firewood.”
Instead he says, “I got you,” again, and a lump forms in Dean’s throat.
So Dean doesn’t know why he didn’t expect Cas to feed him today, when he hasn’t even done anything worth punishing.
Anger flares within Cas like the fading sun.
Now he’s the one who’s pleading.
How, how,
Without breaking eye contact with Cas, he takes a large gulp of his ale, and then places the cup back down on the table he’s sat at.
Sam used to use his name instead of calling him something bad too.
“Well.” Charlie says, looking somewhat embarrassed. “It’s not luck, exactly. I asked for this shift when Bobby- Uh, Dr. Singer- mentioned you were coming in again. I, uh, wanted to see how you were doing.”
*************
He can hear the smile in Cas’s voice when he answers. “Yes, Dean. Good things like sweets.”
He likes how the blue of Cas’s eyes matches the sky.
He hadn’t been following a trail of his imagination. He hadn’t lost Sam’s path. Cas knows now.
that’s Dean under the bed, that’s Dean’s voice that he just heard, that he never thought he’d hear again, it was
“That table cost more than me. Why did you break it?”
Because that’s what he is, and what he’s doing, Cas supposes.
“Good.” She clears her throat. “Good talk. I’ll go get the doctor.” And with that, she rushes out of the room.
