“Hospital?” he asks, and John is relieved, because he mostly sounds extremely tired.
John sighs, but he follows when Sherlock leads them onward.
It’s not all following Sherlock into dark rooms with cocked guns, even though nothing can beat the rush of knowing he’s responsible for Sherlock’s safety, and nothing can compete with being the only one who can get Sherlock to hold still for long enough to bandage a heavily bleeding leg wound.
John nods. “Yes, please, but first I need to step out for a sec.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes but takes the offered cup. “I seriously hope the challenges are going to get a bit less tedious when the field narrows down somewhat.”
“It’s a foreign language with no resemblance to any language you already know, and you learned it well enough to read a newspaper in the three months we’ve been here,” John points out. He doesn’t say that he himself still has problems with childrens’ books.
John laughs. “I’ll remember that for next time. Are you sneaking out to smoke again?”
“It sounds easy, but the judges will look for details here.”
“Your gran’s Austrian, isn’t she?”
Sherlock says to himself.
“Inadequate,” Sherlock agrees. “And there will be challenges you need to prepare for.”
But what fascinates him is that they are the only part of John’s body that gets sunburnt.
John sees him the moment he steps out of the door, and for a fleeting moment, Sherlock can see conflicting emotions play on his face. Joy, pain, weariness. Finally, weariness seems to win out and when he walks towards Sherlock, he only looks tired.
But that’s only scratching the surface of something that feels as deep and murky and endless as the Pacific Ocean.
The Fey’a exchange glances. “Who let you through, and why did they do it?” Lya asks, pointing her wicked-looking spear at John. “Tell the truth,” she spits.
“I missed you,” Sherlock mutters, head still resting on John’s chest, and that’s brilliant because he can hear John’s heartbeat picking up noticeably, adrenaline and emotion. “I can’t do this alone. I could before I met you, and then you came along and now it’s not enough, now I know I don’t have to be alone, and I can’t take it anymore, it’s been sixty-nine days, and I can’t do this, I can’t, I can’t…”
He goes up the stairs and opens the door to their flat.
John meets Sherlock’s eyes over Molly’s head and gives him a smile that reaches right down into Sherlock’s heart and makes it stutter pleasantly.
Scones?
He walks out without another word.
Then they move on to John.
“Of course, we’ll leave you to it.”
He looks away, knowing that she is possibly the only person who truly knows just how horrible this day was for him. Except for maybe Mary. And possibly John.
“Then do the one you’ve tried before next time,” Sherlock says. “Or spring for the more expensive white chocolate.”
“We’ll just return home tomorrow,” Sherlock says, and narrows his eyes as Mrs Hudson visibly winces. “What? Why are you doing that?”
“We need somebody who’s done it recently,” Lestrade points out.
They look around the tent, and then retrace their steps along the path they took to the house yesterday. Sherlock notes that John’s limp is almost unnoticeable this morning, and he wonders what that means. They find the cane about halfway to the back entrance, lying in the grass, abandoned and forgotten by John as he ran after Sherlock.
In the end, he says the thing that’s closest to the truth without being completely incomprehensible. “I needed to get out of my head. It’s a nasty place to be sometimes.”
“What are they then?” He gestures at the two creatures.
“I actually achieved full reading comprehension about five weeks after we got here, though I must admit I’m still having problems with certain pronunciations,” Sherlock corrects him, trying and failing to look bored.
Mr Chatterjee grabs his tea spoon and taps it on the crust, and the souffle wobbles. “Nice,” he says with a smile. Then he takes a bite, and his smile widens. “Very good. A nice touch, the crunch from the caramelised sugar.” He takes another bite and tilts his head to the side. “Maybe you need a bit of acidity? Maybe some lemon zest?”
"You sometimes forget about it when you bake."
“Er, thank you?” John says, nudging Sherlock, but he’s apparently already dismissed their guides and is staring off to his left.
He hits send without thinking, because whatever else is going on, John deserves to know. Moreover, he wants John to know. John will be happy for him, genuinely, for no other reason than that John cares about him and wants good things for him, no matter if these good things include John or not.
“Be careful,” John says, then goes inside and collapses on his bed. He’s asleep almost before his head hits the pillow.
"In here," John answers just as quietly, and Sherlock follows his voice to the sitting room.
His English is oddly accented, but obviously his mother tongue.
John nods gratefully and closes his eyes, leaning back against the wall behind his bed. He drifts a bit, not paying much attention when the door opens and closes. He only opens his eyes when he hears the door again and Sherlock comes in carrying a mug and a sweet bun. He hands over both to John with a look that dares him to comment. John wisely doesn’t, but he smiles to himself behind his mug, because trust Sherlock to consider bringing his injured friend breakfast an embarrassing weakness not to be mentioned on pain of immediate withdrawal of the favour.
“No, that’s not true,” Sherlock says, quietly, desperately shaking his head. “No, no, it was me, I was the one who was defined by you, who the fuck cares about Sherlock Holmes without John Watson? I certainly don’t. You’re the only person who knows me, John, the only one who cares. My only friend.”
The moon is full, which Sherlock thinks is a nice touch. It’s spring, a warm day, but it cools down significantly when the sun has set, and he’s glad for his coat. It’s objectively a perfect night, stars twinkling, the darkness hiding them from cameras and the Fall making it impossible to eavesdrop on them. Also, the chances of being followed here without being noticed are practically nil, and he’s sure Mycroft has several spy satellites aimed at his precise location right now.
John laughs, and it startles a smile out of Sherlock. He looks down at the racket, then turns it around and offers it to John. “Want to try?”
John honestly isn’t sure he has one. “So you kissing me, that was a… malfunction? Of your brain?”
“However,” Moran continues, and Jim’s smirk vanishes as quickly as it appeared, “I have to say, after today… let’s just say that John actually took our criticism to heart and made a wonderful, inventive, incredibly tasty dessert today.”
, John thinks.
“Did you identify what killed her?” John asks, rounding the table to take a closer look at her face. She's young, early twenties, and it's clear even now that she was pretty in life.
John’s hand on his belt buckle is the best thing ever, and John’s fingers wrapping around his cock are cool and mind-numbingly, bone-meltingly good. John is nibbling on his neck while slowly, deliberately and expertly taking Sherlock apart. In what seems no time at all, Sherlock is a panting, quivering mess, poised on the razor edge of a spectacular orgasm.
Life goes on. John discovers a new takeout Indian restaurant just around the corner from their flat. They solve several dull cases – insurance fraud, adultery and an ingenious bank robbery –and one brilliant one – ciphers, hangmen and dead bodies. John orders satellite television. Sherlock gets a new spring coat.
“Yes. It was…you are….” Sherlock trails off because he has no idea how to finish that sentence. John Watson is a whole lot of things he doesn’t even want to begin to articulate, funny, for one, handsome, good company, a competent baker, a brilliant shag. However. “Look. I don’t believe in tiptoeing around things, so here’s the blunt truth. We had sex. It was good. But I don’t usually have sex with strangers and I don’t intend to make a habit of it.”
“Well. Neither did I.”
“Yes?”
“It’s obvious,” Molly says in a rather good imitation of Sherlock, and they both smile. “When he looks at you, it’s like nobody else exists. It’s rather sweet, actually.” She pauses a bit and adds, “Never tell him I said that.”
John’s so transparent that Sherlock can read everything in his face and his body and his voice, he’s not a challenge at all, but Sherlock still finds himself staring at John for hours, reading every nuance of thought and feeling, mesmerised without having the faintest idea
She gestures at the door. “Go wash up, you look like you need it.”
Sarah puts a hand on his arm. “You’ve got people who care about you here, John,” she says, smiling at him warmly.
“I did it because I wanted you to like me,” he confesses quietly. It’s the truth, too, even though it only occurred to him much later why he was showing off that much that first evening.
“Hello?”
If he lies with his feet to the window and tilts his head just so, he can sometimes see a lone star twinkling through the light pollution.
Molly grins. “Regular. I made the special kind after the exam.”
Set during TEH
He’s abandoned his newest experiment, because he can’t concentrate, because he can’t get John’s face out of his head, his movements today. He looked like he was in actual, physical pain, like there was something there besides exhaustion and stress. Something deeper.
"So you're not tempted to try?"
The other actors come back in and Sherlock places his empty mug in the sink. He suddenly just wants to get this day over with as quickly as humanly possible. He walks out of the kitchen into the rehearsal room.
John makes a deeply unattractive sound that’s somewhere between a snort and a laugh, and Sherlock should find him ridiculous, and the tragedy is that he finds him charming.
“All a matter of perspective, I suppose.”
Molly hands over the baby monitor and vanishes into the guest room with a last significant look at Mary and an affectionate squeeze of John’s elbow.
John grins against Sherlock’s lips. “I’m going to be late.”
“You’re taking away all my illusions.”
The bloody hotel Sacher has the jam layer in the middle, Sherlock.
John shakes his head fondly at Sherlock's barely contained excitement. “Just try not to grin too obviously when the Watch comes in, all right? When's the autopsy?”
“What’s your birthday cake like?” Irene asks Sherlock, who’s been listening to his fellow bakers with a mixture of disgust and an odd nostalgic longing he can’t exactly parse.
It’s already turning dark by the time John walks out of the surgery. Sherlock has been waiting in front of the door for two solid hours by then, and he’s lost all feeling in his fingers and toes.
“And the cocaine?”
“Oi!”
“You’re dead,” Sherlock whispers, frozen with fear. “You’re dead, I watched you die.”
Sherlock doesn’t even look up from his perusal of the rabbit’s lungs. “Obvious,” he says, absently, then mutters, “Rat poison maybe?”
With that, John turns on his heel and walks out before anyone can do anything except stare at him.
Irene smiles at Sherlock. “This is going to be fun.”
Sherlock shakes his head. He lets John go, and John goes to shower, and then John gets dressed, and then John goes for dinner, and he doesn’t come back, and Sherlock doesn’t go after him.
Sherlock picks his workstation with the usual care, and then he hesitates. John isn’t here yet. He could just let the other contestants pick their workstations and let chance decide whether the workstation next to him will be free for John.
Sherlock wants to hit him. Right in the middle of his stupid, smug face. He’s never experienced quite such an urge to punch someone before. He imagines it in glorious detail, fist connecting with Moriarty’s nose in a satisfying crunch, blood spraying. He catches John’s eyes again, and this time it’s John who’s shaking his head. A muscle in John’s jaw twitches and the grip on his teacup tightens. But he resolutely says nothing and looks down at his tea.
"I hate being sick at Christmas."
John rolls his eyes and gives Sherlock an apologetic look. Sherlock quirks a humourless smile. “Both these things can be true at the same time,” he says.
Sherlock sweeps through the tent and John follows. “Black Forest Gateau, she's going to over-whip the cream,” he says, gesturing at the workstation of the cryer from yesterday. “You know how I know? She used the KitchenAid for everything yesterday, she’ll make the same mistake today. This one,” he gestures at another workstation. “carrot cake, it’s going to be soggy because she’s going to use too many carrots. Anderson will over-bake his red velvet sponge because that oven is uneven and because he’s an idiot who spends his time flirting with Miss Black Forest Gateau who will go home today because that is way, way beyond her means.”
John huffs out a humorless laugh. “Leaving aside the absurdity of Harry of all people telling anyone they’re not good for me?” He sighs. “I don’t know. Right now might not be the best time to ask me this. I’m still too angry with you.”
It also occurs to him that he should have thought this through more. He has no idea what to do. He only thought as far as getting John here; he didn’t consider what would happen after.
John, who’s standing next to him slicing vegetables, humming absent-mindedly along to the sound of music from Mrs Hudson’s radio drifting up the stairs. The tops of his ears are reddened and the skin is peeling a bit, and Sherlock wants to touch, right there, run his fingers along the ridge and feel the softness of John’s skin under his fingertips.
“Brilliant,” John says reflexively, because, well, it is.
“Let’s take a closer look,” Sherlock says, face splitting into an excited grin.
Sherlock shrugs, and John gives him a last nod and smile and says good night. He opens the door and the rain swallows him from Sherlock’s sight almost immediately, and Sherlock wants to follow him inside and strip off his rain-soaked clothes and make a cup of tea and sit on the sofa with the telly on, eat Chinese take-out and have a conversation about anything at all that John Watson wants to say to him.
“And where were you stationed?” Sherlock asks, even though the answer seems obvious.
Sherlock stops in front of his building, and John turns to face him.
Sherlock hates after parties at the best of times, but now he’s almost painfully aware of John, who’s leaning against the bar with Sally and Molly, and who’s shed the black-on-black backstage uniform and is wearing well-fitting jeans and a button-down with the sleeves rolled up, and is looking just about good enough to eat.
John meets his eyes, and for a long time they just look at each other, and then Sherlock can see something in John give, and his entire face softens into a fond smile. “All right,” he says. “Maybe you’ve got a point. I did promise you a lifetime, didn’t I.”
He can think of nothing.
The door bangs open and the other bakers stream in, followed by Mycroft, Harry and Molly's fiancé. There’s a commotion around the table, but Sherlock can’t see what they’re doing, and he doesn’t especially care.
It occurs to Sherlock that he doesn’t want John to leave. It’s not a sentiment he is at all used to. Normally he can’t wait to get rid of people, but John is apparently an exception in more ways than one.
John sits down where Holmes indicated and checks the time on his dad’s watch. “It’s three in the morning, why are you doing this now?”
In Cairo, their attic only had one queen-sized bed, and the shower was next to the loo inside the room.
Stunned, John looks at her, speechless. Finally, he clears his throat and croaks out, “An offer?”
“Well, let me rephrase. Do you
“You insisted we investigate the village. You knew something was wrong with the woods, you said so yourself. You saw drag marks, you thought they’d disappeared in the woods, and you didn’t bother to mention it. And when we were at the stones you did... something. You brought us here, and now we’re stuck!” John’s yelling that last part, tiredness, frustration and fear stoking his anger.
, has cracked. And somehow John has spilled out, and he’s been keeping Sherlock company in the dark.
“So, Sherlock, tell us about your bake,” Mrs Hudson says and Sherlock comes back to the present, aware that he’s been staring at John and hoping nobody else noticed.
“Mind your own business, Mycroft.”
“About a year ago?”
Sherlock takes a sip of his own tea and shrugs. “Why would I do that?”
For a few moments they're quiet again. Then John remembers that he has something to tell Sherlock. “Dr. Hooper offered me an apprenticeship at the clinic.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but he's smiling, and he doesn't even offer up a token resistance.
Sherlock nods. “Irene Adler. Her YouTube channel is infamous. She calls herself the Naked Baker.”
“She’s a solicitor, Mr Chatterjee,” Sherlock says over Janine’s amused snort. “I have a business proposition for you.”
“Are you going back to London tonight?” John asks, sweat-drenched and panting and objectively in no state to have this conversation.
Sherlock is lingering behind him the entire time. When the ambulance drives off, it’s Sherlock who flags down a cab and packs him into it. John looks at him, and he knows his shock is written on his face. Sherlock hesitates briefly, then he gets into the cab with John. “St. Bart’s hospital,” he says to the cabbie, then proceeds to gaze out of the window while John tries to pull himself together. He gets out his phone and calls Janine. Voicemail.
Sherlock doesn’t answer immediately, he’s looking down at his pan and experiences an odd warmth from the matter-of-fact tone with which John accepts the reasonableness of Sherlock’s greatest ambition. Everybody else in his life has always reacted with surprised disbelief when Sherlock told them of his plan. John is the first person who seems to be taking this 100% seriously, and who seems to have no doubt that Sherlock is both capable of making this choice and has the ability to see it through. “Money,” he finally answers, after making sure he has his voice under control. “I need capital, and I have very little.”
“I love you,” he whispers against John’s lips, fierce and true and dangerous.
Sherlock adds silently.
“No, you may not. You
“How much blood has she lost?” John asks in a tone of voice that shocks Sherlock out of his arousal as efficiently as a cold shower would. “Are you transfusing her? We’re the same blood type.”
Sherlock waits until John is busy talking to Molly, then he slips out of the tent and goes looking for Moriarty.
“What is this?” John asks, stepping into the room behind Sherlock. He looks around curiously,  taking in the ancient chairs and tables, the cracked glass of the display case, the cash register, the writing in the window, the dust everywhere. “Speedy’s cafe?”
Then he picks up his phone and sends off a single text.
“I’m perfectly capable of putting myself to bed,” Sherlock states, then sinks back further into the couch. “I have been drunk before, you know, and I’ve survived the experience without your help.”
It’s gotten them precisely nowhere so far.
“And statistically speaking, how high are the chances that you’re full of it?” John asks, grinning at Sherlock.
Sherlock shrugs off the praise, but John knows him well enough by now to realise that he’s actually pleased. “It wasn’t that difficult, Mrs Hudson.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “That’s why the show is completely ridiculous, of course. You’d need a bigger sample size for the show to be truly representative. If the jury consisted of a hundred people, individual taste would matter less.”
“We need to know who she is,” Sherlock says and holds out a few coppers for Billy to see. “Ten coppers for the first person to bring me her name and address.”
They smoke in silence for a while, but he can feel her staring at him. “You’re different on telly,” Harry finally says. “More glamorous. On telly I could sort of see why John’s in love with you. Now, not so much.”
“Thank you,” John says, a pleased sparkle in his eyes and a light flush on his cheeks. Sherlock tries not to find him adorable, and fails.
The crew and bakers eat the leftover loaves while John reads out especially flowery excerpts from Moriarty's blog. Sherlock laughs along with the rest at gems like ‘the milk tasted faintly of the sweet-smelling herbs I had seen the cows eat on our neighbours’ fields’ and ‘among my earliest memories standing in my grandmother’s low-ceilinged simple farm kitchen and helping her make cream cheese is one of my fondest’.
Sherlock looks at her for a moment like he thinks she’s lost her mind. “John is allergic to lilies,” he finally snaps, the
There’s something about this mission that sets his teeth on edge. Maybe it’s the unusual brutality of their target. Maybe it’s the sketchy intel. Maybe it’s his rusty Serbian.
“Do you go to bed at all?” John asks, as gently and as clinically as possible, aware that he has to tread carefully here, because if he feels like he’s being pushed and prodded, Sherlock will clam up, and then John won’t be able to help him.
John also takes one of their fire irons. It might not be much of a weapon, but he’s a skinny twelve-year-old, so he still feels better with its weight in his hand.
@janinelawyered
Their eyes meet and Sherlock has no earthly idea what to say.
“Honestly, I think if I survived the arts and crafts nightmares of the last two challenges, I’m good now.”
Oh. Right. Sorry. - SH
He hasn’t slept one minute in his empty, large, comfortable and entirely John-less bed. He showered and crawled into bed with the humming, heavy limbed satisfaction he felt when he was still in John’s bed slowly draining out of him, replaced by a discomfort he can’t exactly name, which left him with a conviction that the whole thing was a giant mistake.
“Tier-nan-Og? The Fairy Realm? Avalon?” John gestures at their surroundings. “Sound familiar?”
“I wonder what we’ll do, when you come back,” John says, settling down on the floor opposite Sherlock’s chair.
“I’ve got rubbish spatial perception, that’s why I’m shit at parallel parking. But I’ve gotten just about everything I wanted out of this competition, and baking is starting to bore me. Maybe I’ll move on to other things after this.”
John gives him a humourless smirk. “I asked first.”
John didn’t answer his emails, or pick up the phone at Harry’s, and the three times Sherlock showed up at Harry’s doorstep, he didn’t even open the door.
“What does this mean for going back, though?” John rubs a hand over his face and steps up to the blackboard.
Moriarty smiles politely, but he looks like he’s about to murder someone when he walks back to his station.
“And I don’t remember you saying, ‘Let’s go back, Sherlock’, or ‘I don’t want to, Sherlock’, not once. You loved every second of it, and just because our adventure had consequences I couldn’t possibly foresee…”
But John knows. John knows why they’re here. They’re here because of Sherlock bloody Holmes and his stubborn, unthinking curiosity that radiates from his entire body in his every waking minute.
“You should talk to Janine. She can probably help you with the paperwork,” John says, shielding his eyes against the sun. “Do you think I’ll poison the ducks if I feed them this muffin?”
Neela looks at Sherlock. “Any other tips?”
Both nod, and John hands out mugs from the pot he’s kept warm on top of their oven. Billy drains his cup quickly, seemingly deciding that there’s not much more to be gained here. “Well, gents, I’ll be off, then,” he says.
he thinks. What would he have done, back in London, safe and sound and at 221B, with John Watson there every day to talk to, make tea, chase killers, type badly, nag him to eat?
John sits down on the floor next to Sherlock’s head, and Sherlock turns to watch John warily. John smiles. “Trust me,” he says, and he knows it’s unfair to use this knock-out argument, but Sherlock needs help and John won’t be out-stubborned by Mr My-Body-Is-Transport.
John nudges Sherlock’s head up with his hand in his hair. “Do you honestly think that after nine years, I don’t know exactly what I’m getting into with you? And as for lying and hurting, I’ve done plenty of that to you too. And yet you’re still here.  And I’m still here. You know why? Because we fit, you and me. We always have.”
Here and now Sherlock is hot and uncomfortable but John's lips are against his skin and Sherlock is content.
John is competent, yes, but he’s messy, he barely ever measures anything and he’s clearly not even really trying to do something innovative.
The director yelling for them to be quiet saves Sherlock from answering, because there is no way he is talking about this. Not now. Possibly not ever. And certainly not in a room with cameras and microphones.
Sounds make little sense. Bright lights flash into his eyes.
Irene. Sherlock cracks one eye open and glares at her. “What?”
“I broke my vow,” Sherlock whispers, unable to look away from John’s face, which does something complicated, and for a moment, Sherlock thinks that John is going to cry.
He thinks back to how Lya described what Jim has done, and thinks abomination was too mild a word.
“John.”
John drinks, and immediately wishes he hadn’t, because the world goes fuzzy, and he feels himself lose consciousness. “Where’s Sherlock?” he slurs, already sinking down on the ground.
“Um… why?”
And he was listening back then, but he was too scared to believe what he was hearing. And he’s listening now, and he hears the same thing.
Sherlock thinks.
A noise that can only be a gunshot cracks through the night air. “Step away from him, please,” Sherlock says, sounding calm as anything.
September 10th, 10:31 pm
“What are you doing tomorrow?” John asks, obviously undeterred by Sherlock’s silence.
“John!”
Sarah takes his hand and squeezes it. The smile she offers him is a little sad, but genuine. “Look, I think you’ve got too much going on right now to do this,” she gestures between the two of them with the hand not squeezing his. “Why don’t you just focus on sorting out whatever mess you’re in, and let me know when you’re done with it.”
“Of course,” he says and turns to head into the loo.
In response, John flings a handful of flour in Sherlock’s face.
“Why do you bake, Sherlock?” John asks, giving him a knowing look. “Honestly. Why? Why do any of us here bake?”
Sherlock has nothing to say to that. At least nothing he can find the courage to say out loud, in the middle of the night, to a John Watson whose eyes are glazed with fever.
His arms hurt from being tied behind the chair back for hours.
“John.” Sherlock calls John’s attention back to him. “Go home.”
Sherlock turns his attention back to the book as John mutters under his breath grumpily and continues putting together his cake. He’s reading the baking instructions for what apparently used to be John’s birthday cake. It’s a relatively simple poppy seed cake with a jam filling and a chocolate icing, but the baking instructions are odd, because if one follows these instructions, the cake will rise and then collapse again.
Silence falls, and John hates how loud his breathing is in his own ears. His throat is tight, and his eyes are stinging.
John finds an answering smile, even though he suspects it isn’t entirely steady. “Wake me up anytime you wish.”
“What are you going to do?”
John lifts his shoulders a little in a helpless gesture. “No, we were alone. Sherlock stepped on a stone, and then the clearing exploded.”
Sally Donovan smiles at him sweetly, but he can see that she’s not happy, and he makes a mental note to keep the snark to a minimum with her. However much he might disagree with her, he needs her to like him. “I bet you’re never boring, Mr Holmes,” she says, and everybody within hearing laughs.
Sherlock nods, and John pulls out his phone. “You’re taking the piss.”
The first time they really do kiss is in comparison completely and utterly meaningless.
Dubai is loud and hot and Sherlock hates it. Another cover, another hole in the wall hiding place. He’s losing all sense of time and space. Every morning when he wakes up, he needs longer to remember where they are, what month it is, what year, what day of the week, what language he is supposed to speak.
“Fantastic,” Lestrade says. “Innovative, the crumble topping in between the lattice crust. I love it.”
Can’t. Besides, I’m hungry. Breakfast?
I know
He demonstrates how the whipped cream can be saved by adding some cold cream to the bowl and mixing it into the curdled cream. “The curdles will dissolve into the fresh cream, and by re-introducing air into the mixture, the foam structure reforms.” He turns off the mixer and shows the perfect, fluffy peaks to the camera. “See? Perfect. Now let’s turn this into a frosting you can use on cupcakes or even cakes.”
John is trying and failing not to smile. “Well, we had blankets. And beds. Of sorts. But then again, some of the blokes in there with us were enough to make not falling asleep very easy.”
“I wasn’t going to ask him,” Janine says, rolling her eyes.
John goes completely still, and for a moment it seems like he’s stopped breathing as well, and Sherlock looks away from him, over the lake, because he can’t say any of this while looking at John watching him.
So before I release you and our boys into the sunset, I want to say thank you.
“Sherlock,” John interrupts him, quietly, reverently. He threads his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and pulls him up. “Shut up.”
They've taken a few steps into the forest when Sherlock stops so suddenly John's almost bumping into him.
“A little after 2 am. Have some more water,” John says and puts the straw back into Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock thinks, and goes to the bathroom to stare at himself in the small, dirty mirror over the sink.
John excuses himself to get some coffee, and Neela wanders off to text her boyfriend.
They stumble onto the actual road about a mile or so away from the city and join a steady stream of people walking or riding towards it. All of them are dressed in sturdy clothing made of leather and a soft, downy material they can’t place, and many of them are the same fairy creatures they met in the woods.
Then he takes the two mugs into the sitting room and hands one to John. John takes it with a nod of thanks.
He hasn’t felt like that since. He’s almost forgotten what that feeling was. He’s tried to replicate it, with drugs and no sleep and no food and sometimes all of the above. But it’s eluded him so far.
The sponge is delicately flavoured with an interesting spice blend Sherlock hasn’t tried in this combination before. The redcurrant jam is obviously homemade and there’s something else in there. Raspberry, maybe. It fits the sponge perfectly. The cake is not too sweet, not too tart, a perfect balance between the two, and the bite from the cinnamon and something he can’t place makes it one of the best mouthfuls of cake Sherlock has ever had.
Sherlock’s fingers hover over the keys, and then he types out what he really wants to say.
The judging goes quickly, this time. Anderson is a mess. Irene, Molly and Moriarty are competent and get lots of praise. Mary and Janine aren’t as bad as Anderson, but neither of their bakes is spectacular.
He turns around, and Sherlock makes an aborted gesture at the street. “I should…”
Sherlock waits until he hears the street door close, then he gets up and slams the door to his flat closed. Hard.
Sherlock grabs the masher from a nearby drawer and hands it to John. “Believe it or not, it had actually occurred to me to try for a bank loan, given that I know that banks exist and what their business model is. Unfortunately, their business model isn’t giving money to people with no credit and no securities.”
The kitchen is cool and dark, but Sherlock turns on the light and the oven, and soon he’s hands-deep in flour, kneading bread dough.
Billy has no new information, as it turns out, he just needs money for the Irregulars. They exchange a few terse insults, and Billy’s off again with a few coppers and instructions not to let the museum out of their sight.
Additionally to the scones and the macarons, he’s making a simple strawberry jam from scratch. The savoury macarons will be filled with a thin layer of salmon mousse and cream-cheese-cucumber mousse respectively, and it’s rather a lot of work for four hours, but he knows that if he pulls it off it will be spectacular.
Maybe that’s why they get him in the end.
He finds nothing. If he didn’t know for certain John Watson lives here, he could never tell from the contents of the house. Yes, his teas are sorted in a certain way, and he always used to put the milk carton into the fridge at a certain angle, but other than that, the house is a blank. No pictures, no knick-knacks, no mementos. No gun. No dog-tags. He doesn’t recognise a single piece of clothing.
which is true, but spectacularly unfair. “Happy birthday,” he finally says, lamely.
“Obviously.”
“And if he says no, I’ll feel like the biggest idiot on the planet.”
He grabs Sherlock’s hands and leans down, kissing him and pressing his hands into the mattress again. “You’re mine,” he whispers fiercely against Sherlock’s lips. “Mine.”
Without consciously thinking about it, John fixes two cups of tea. He turns and hands Mary hers, then sits down at the kitchen table. Mary sits opposite.
“Come off it, Anderson,” John says, and from his tone it’s not the first time Anderson has annoyed him tonight. “Maybe he’s just tired. I talked to him, he’s nice enough.”
Clothes fly as soon as Sherlock’s door closes behind them. John’s hands on Sherlock are insistent and almost rough, tearing at his clothes in a haste to get to skin.
“It’s fine.”
“Welcome to the first Great British Bake Off Final!”
John snorts a laugh. “And what should we do about that?”
Hands on his arm, his face, in his hair.
“Molly threw me out of the morgue after I shattered one of her lamps,” Sherlock mutters.
Sherlock lets John manhandle him, clean him up and pull him down until he’s slumped against John again, his head resting on John’s shoulder, John’s fingers carding through his hair.
As luck would have it, he arrives ten minutes before shift change. John steps out of one of the large canvas tents, white pants, white shirt, lab coat, stethoscope around his neck. He looks tired, but long-work-day tired, not desperate-depressed tired. He’s holding a cup of tea and cranking his neck a little, and he’s looking thoughtful, but not sad. His hands are steady, his legs carry him easily. He looks taller, somehow, more confidently John Watson, than he did when Sherlock met him.
Sherlock swallows, and slowly, slowly, he can feel his face stretch into a grin. "Janine. I love you."
But she is pregnant. And John knows he’s going to have to try to find the other side of his anger.
He’s also currently leaning heavily against John, who is trying, rather ineptly in Sherlock’s humble opinion, to get him up the stairs to their front door.
His phone dings. He flinches.
Slowly, carefully, not letting go of each other, they make their way into the center of the circle and step into the metal ring.
“I can’t,” John sighs, and Sherlock hears a despair there he’s acutely familiar with, the desperation of the exhausted for whom rest is an unobtainable illusion. “Every time I close my eyes, I see all the people I’ve had to watch dying.” He looks down at the floor. “Every time it starts with my mum, and then goes on, and on, all the people I couldn’t save. Soldiers. And Mary. And you. When you jumped. And when Mary shot you and you almost died on the table. They let me watch from the observation room, did you know that?”
“I’ll make a fire in the oven,” John offers.
Lya shrugs. “We can handle our own affairs.”
Sherlock helps him sit up and pats his back as he retches into the dewy grass. The sun is shining into his face.
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock huffs in surprise, but kisses him back gladly and enthusiastically, and John feels nothing but grateful wonder that Sherlock not only tolerates his little exhibition, but that Sherlock wants him to kiss him, wants him to make it clear that Sherlock is John’s and nobody else's, and that he likes it that way. He ignores both the embarrassed mutters and the encouraging hoots around them and concentrates on kissing Sherlock, fisting his hands in his suit jacket, leaving no doubt in anyone’s mind who Sherlock goes home to.
John looks at him searchingly, but finally he nods and accepts Sherlock’s words at face value, then goes back to reading his paper.
“You know, we were supposed to have a grand rivalry, you and me,” Moriarty says from behind him. “A Bake Off for the ages. Instead the entire series has focused on your boring fling with that insignificant little man. I’m glad you dumped him, at least.”
“And now explain the difference, if you will,” John says.
Most of the time, sleep only comes when he’s so exhausted that his body simply overrides his mind and he passes out. He tries not to let it come to that these days because it upsets John for some reason. Flunitrazepam has the same effect, and it’s far less dramatic.
Sherlock nods reluctantly. “I suppose you’re right.” He sighs. “Now I have to go to Yemen and fetch him. You really are quite tiresome, Mycroft, you might have arranged for him to be home, you knew I was coming after all.”
He finds John within two hours, at Bart’s, oncology, and the moment he walks into that room he knows John’s got maybe three months to live, and that night after the by now usual anger and yelling and kissing, he crawls into bed with John with a syringe and two lethal doses of morphine, and he asks, and John says yes, and god, Sherlock, thank God it’s you, and it’s the last thing either of them hears, John whispering Sherlock’s name...
He looks at John, who’s almost asleep, body pressed against Sherlock’s side, hand resting possessively on Sherlock’s hip bone. Even now, Sherlock has to resist the urge to roll John to his back and taste every inch of his body he hasn’t tasted yet, he’s sure there’s miles and miles of skin yet to discover, starting with the spectacular scar on his shoulder. John’s body is compact and strong, yet it’s easy to see where he lost the muscle mass he used to have before his injury. He’s a bit too thin, and his hip bones stick out enticingly, made for biting and holding on to. They fit in Sherlock’s hands like they were made for it, and Sherlock has to shake himself to stop this nonsensical way of thinking.
He misses the performances themselves, yes. He misses listening to beautiful language, misses the moments when words give way to raw human emotion. But what he misses more is the feeling of a living, breathing, laughing, crying, cringing, silent, judgmental, bored, elated audience, a community of people who have come together to experience emotion.
Sherlock was sufficiently worried by Molly’s words that he went to check on John in secret.
“But…”
Sherlock turns back to him and looks at him, and for a moment their eyes lock and John feels like for the first time in his life, somebody’s looking at him and actually
“You do know that owning a bakery means you need to get up at four every morning to ensure that the croissants are still warm for the morning crowd?”
John cocks his head to his side and watches Sherlock, an unreadable expression on his face. Then he seems to come to a decision and nods. “Why not.”
Sherlock comes home to Baker Street after 1868 days, and John is gone.
“Seriously?”
The waiter brings tea and an assortment of refreshments on a three-tiered cake stand and leaves, silently of course.
“Rosie does that with ketchup,” John says, closing his eyes again. “She did this thing when she was reading or watching telly, she used to curl her hair around her finger.” John’s voice sounds faint, and Sherlock knows he’s about to drift off to sleep. “And she hummed. Constantly. It was pretty annoying sometimes.”
- he can’t predict how John will react to his return to London. If in fact he lives long enough to return, which is by no means certain.
John squirms against Sherlock, freeing his hands and winding them in Sherlock’s unruly hair. “I want you to kiss me. And then I want you to take me to bed.”
Too long. Come back sooner.
“Poppy seeds are highly unusual for an English high tea, and I’m going to insist on calling it a pastry because I’m not sure I can pronounce the word you used to describe it,” Lestrade adds. “But it’s bloody delicious and I want the recipe.”
The next time he sees John, it’s an hour later. John’s leaning against the bar, trapped between Sherlock’s mother and his aunt Ruth. He looks like he wants to jump out of the window, and he’s holding a glass of single malt that’s considerably less full than it’s supposed to be.
“I do see how much you have changed,” Mycroft answers, holding his gaze, his voice unusually gentle, “but I also see how little. Your continued sobriety is commendable. But you still seem to think that I’m morally obligated to fix your problems for you, and that anything you want should be instantly yours without you having to do the work to earn it. If you want to own a bakery, work in one. Wait for the owner to retire, and take over. You can’t have everything you want the second you want it.”
John laughs and leans back down to kiss Sherlock, and Sherlock squirms underneath him, his shirt only half off, pants down to his ankles. He can feel Sherlock’s erection nudging his arse, and he grins into Sherlock’s mouth, rocking against it. Sherlock gasps, and John pulls back. Sherlock’s eyes are dark and wanting, and he moves his hips suggestively against John’s. John feels desire bubble under his skin, making him feel like he can barely contain it, like he’ll burst with it, and nobody else has ever made him feel like this, like his skin is too tight to contain all of this emotion.
John takes him to his too-small room in one of the wooden barracks that surround the big hospital tents, and they slowly undress each other, touch everywhere, and Sherlock wonders why it didn’t occur to him before that he might want this, might want John this way. Normally sex is messy and complicated and Sherlock doesn’t care for it, but he should have known it would be different with John - everything is -  and it feels so good to be touched, to be wanted. It’s still messy, and it’s still complicated, but it’s also beautiful and breathtaking. It’s the happiest Sherlock has ever been, lying there on John’s tiny bunk with a utilitarian, ugly light bulb swinging from the ceiling, the heat of the day slowly draining out of the wood, the desert outside, vast and silent, and John right there with him, so alive, so angry, so passionately glad to see him.
John turns to Sherlock and grins at him. “Congratulations.”
They break apart and turn around to see Janine standing behind them, dressed to the nines. “You’ve been here twenty seconds, and you’re already snogging. Disgusting!”
He takes the gun and with one smooth movement brings it to his temple. His hands aren’t shaking at all.
“How many more times do you intend to say ‘what’ in this conversation?” Sherlock snaps, apparently irritated at John’s stupidity.
“Of course I’m tempted! Didn't you hear him? My father is still looking for me,” Sherlock hisses, “ But I have far too little data to form a plan, and I’m not risking our lives on a fraction of a possibility. Satisfied?”
“John, anything to say in your last reaction interview?”
Sherlock lies in his own bed and can't sleep. He’s vibrating with the sensory overload of Baker Street. Dusty carpet smell and John’s shampoo and Mrs Hudson’s grandfather clock. Expensive sheets against his skin.
The stab wound isn’t that deep, but it’s awkwardly placed. The blade went into the muscle of John’s upper thigh, barely missing his femoral artery.
150 grams poppy seeds
John tries to go through his day as usual, but he drops the firewood on his toes twice, can’t listen to a word his teachers are saying and runs up to their room between classes to check whether Sherlock has returned.
Emma the contestant handler is stuffing her face with Molly’s loaf. “He was born and raised in a council estate in Belfast,” she says, voice muffled by bread. “This is excellent, Molly.”
“Definitely.” John pauses, but he feels the need to make sure Sarah understands. “Seriously, though, it was so hard when we first came here. We only had each other. Still do, really.”
“I’m sorry,” he finally says. “It… I didn’t… I couldn’t think of anything else to do. Maybe there was something else, but I couldn’t think of anything. I thought I had a choice of you sad or you dead, and that was a really easy choice to make.”
“Well, okay, I suppose I have to. I’m a doctor, I’m from London, and I love baking?”
Have you ever heard of the phrase ‘Add to taste’?
John grins and looks down on his phone again. “The Science of Baking,” he reads out. “How not to whisk egg whites. How not to make shortcrust pastry. So you’re telling people how
Their escort none too gently prods them towards the largest of the tree houses surrounding the clearing. They climb a rope ladder up and find themselves in a circular room with walls made of branches and a floor covered in furs and thick wool carpets.
Sherlock huffs. “There’s no reason to get annoyed at me, I hardly arranged for the elevator to stop.”
Sherlock nods, because he knows this intimately and perfectly. It’s the reason Sherlock has no friends at all.
From one second to the next he was homeless, friendless, rootless, a ghost, a memory, a trick of the imagination.
As soon as the door closes behind them, Sherlock backs John up against it and gets his hands under his dressing gown, peeling it off. John reels him in for an open-mouthed, hungry kiss, curling his tongue around Sherlock’s in a way that goes straight to Sherlock’s cock and makes it twitch. Since there’s nothing separating them except the thin fabric of threadbare pyjama bottoms, John can surely feel Sherlock’s reaction, if the smug grin he smiles against Sherlock’s lips is any indication.
She half-wakes for a moment, but then she just snuggles back against him, so small, so trusting, and falls back asleep.
“I have to say, though, that every single batch of cookies was very good. We’re nearing the final, and all the remaining bakers are extremely talented. So Star Baker this week is wide open, and I can’t predict who’s going home either.”
Mycroft doesn’t dignify this with an answer, and silence falls as the driver slowly pulls into the very light late-night traffic.
Sherlock smiles wistfully at his phone and types a quick
Sherlock rarely misses the drugs. He can recreate the buzz cocaine gave him with cases and adrenaline.
John sucks in a breath to speak and then lets it out again. He can’t do it. He still has no idea what to say. “Good night, Sherlock,” he finally says.
Sherlock nods. “Left-handed but writes with the right hand.” He takes up the package and sniffs it. “River mud, cheap cologne. Jefferson Hope wrapped this. So somebody knows we caught him and delivered it in his stead.”
“Then take,” John mutters, grinding their hips together.
John leans in a bit. “What mistakes have they made?” he asks quietly, so only Sherlock can hear.
“It means that it doesn’t matter if the Gates are closed,” Sherlock says, grinning like a maniac, and John grins back, relieved to see the spark returned to Sherlock’s eyes.
“And why am I here, exactly? What aren’t you telling me?”
“I can imagine. Did you get bored?”
Billy clears his throat, obviously uncomfortable. “Yeah, all right,” he mutters. “Don’t mention it.”
Now, everything is buzzing and moving and shifting and bright. Everything is sharp and clear and wonderful and shining around the edges. Everything is transparent and obvious and just waiting for him to turn his genius brain to it.
“Now,” Mr. Lestrade says when John’s finished his bread. “From the beginning, please.”
“I’m not saying you took it,” Sherlock adds, matching his tone to John’s, serious and quiet. “Maybe you found it lying on the ground at the marketplace. No harm in picking up something from the ground, right?”
Sherlock looks up and meets John’s eyes in the glass of the kitchen cabinet.
“My point exactly,” Mary says and sits down on the other end of the sofa.
John shrugs, a bit embarrassed. “I told her I’d quit if she didn’t do something about Mike. She put Mike on leave and made me stage manager. I’m to hire a new DSM for next season, whoever I like.”
friends.” Sherlock pauses, then says softly, “I just have one.”
John’s silent for a moment, and the amusement between them fades a bit. “And then what?” John asks quietly, because he knows what he wants, but he realises that he can’t assume that Sherlock is fine with him moving back in with a two-year-old because they’ve been crashing here uninvited.
“The judges fall for his flashy style, but they will soon see that there’s no substance behind it.”
Sherlock shrugs. John’s pasties are… well, they’re edible. The pastry is good, they’re crimped adequately, and they’re baked to perfection, but the filling is…
“Five weeks ago,” Mrs Hudson answers breezily, ignoring his rudeness. She’s always taken his directness in stride, and he appreciates her for that, among other things.
“You’re making these up,” Sherlock says, grabbing the phone from John. They’re lounging on John’s bed, the leftovers from dinner taking up space on the mattress. John is dressed in jeans and a jumper and nothing else, and Sherlock is completely naked. John went to the dining room about an hour ago to get them something to eat (‘To get the energy up for round two’, according to John). They’ve been reading the worst comments on their respective social media channels to each other, after Sherlock got an especially aggravating YouTube comment while John was getting the food.
“You cook naked on YouTube too?” John asks, looking Sherlock up and down in a speculative way that’s sort of flattering, and Sherlock has to bite down on a smile.
And now for the important bit: Pre-heat the oven to 200 celsius, then once you put the cake in, turn it down to 100 for 20 minutes, then go up to 120 and bake the cake for another hour. (I know. It’s weird. But it bloody works. I also have no idea how to "properly" bake this cake, because my grandmother lost the original recipe somewhere along the way. The cake just collapsed in the oven one time she made it and everybody liked it better, so she figured out how to do it on purpose.)
“It’s good,” John says, then takes another bite of the mince pie, scrutinising Sherlock closely. “But you don’t like it.”
“In here,” Sherlock says and flicks the kettle on.
John also smells good, like beer and pub and somehow always of tea and antiseptics, like they’ve infused his skin and have become a part of him. Sherlock wonders if John always tastes like tea and antiseptics as well, so he does the next logical thing his brain comes up with, he leans down and kisses John. John’s lips are dry and chapped, and they taste like beer and vinegar from the fish and chips he had at the pub.
“I don’t have a boyfriend either, just for the record,” John says, darting a side glance at Sherlock.
“Why?”
Chuckles all around, and Sherlock bites his tongue, because he really just wants to get this over with. He needs to cut and upload this video, and he would like to get this done as soon as possible, because he has plans with John before the night is up.
“Idiot,” John mutters fondly. The bed dips a bit, and Sherlock is half afraid that John will leave, but John just lies down next to him and switches off the bedside lamp.
John smirks at him humorlessly. “No. War is a fucking mess, and good people die. On both sides. But when I was there, I knew what I was supposed to do. I had a place. I belonged. And sure, I hated it sometimes. Many times. But I knew what I was. Knew who I was. And that’s not something you can easily replace.”
“So, John, what are you doing?”
“It’s already done, I’m posting it after the episode airs,” Sherlock says dryly, and there’s another smattering of chuckles from the room.
She comes in and smiles at John. “Feeling better, dear?”
7:03 pm.
"I lied before," John says quietly. "I didn't call you because I was too tired to care. I called you because I needed help and I knew you would come."
“Sherlock Holmes.”
He shrugs, because not really, but he doesn’t want to explain. He only has himself to blame, after all. “Let’s go.”
Carefully, Sherlock moves closer until he is in John’s personal space, and even more carefully, John backs away until he hits the wall and Sherlock looms over him, arms against the wall on either side of John’s head. They’re staring at each other like rabbit and snake, and it’s thrilling that Sherlock doesn’t know who is who in this scenario. He has no idea what he’s doing here, he only knows that it feels dangerous, like chemically unstable explosives, and that John looks calm and still like the ocean, but his eyes are wide and flashing and uncertain, and it’s wonderful because Sherlock loves upsetting John’s carefully kept balance almost as much as he loves crime scenes.
“No, the
Anderson’s Red Velvet isn’t much better.
He stops at a page with a poppy seed cake that’s titled John’s Birthday Cake. There’s a drawing on the page. A birthday cake with six candles. Yellow crayon, very rough. Next to the drawing, a faded thumbprint. Child-sized.
“It’s not too bad,” John muses as he cleans the wound, a little less gently than he normally would. “Doesn’t need stitches.”
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock says. “Watching me be unconscious?”
kissed him.
Finally, after what seems like an eternity, John says, “I can’t get up.” His voice sounds hoarse with exhaustion and disuse. At Sherlock’s questioning frown, he gestures at his legs. “My leg. It hurts.”
But sometimes simplicity is terribly underrated. “Perfect,” he says, opening his eyes to catch John smiling at him, fond and warm and heady in this semi-dark kitchen, the smell of baked goods in the air.
“It wasn’t an overdose, it was a controlled experience,” Sherlock corrects.
“Fine, fine.” Sherlock raises his hands in a disclaiming gesture.
“If he gives me the chance,” Sherlock mutters.
John chuckles.
With that he vanishes into the crowd.
, like others would say
“We were on the other side of the tent.” Sherlock rolls his eyes and tries not to smile as he remembers how John giggled at the sight of Moriarty stomping towards the catering tent, egg all over his pants and shoes. “He’s overdramatic.”
John looks up. Swallows hard around the lump of emotion in his throat. “I’m so angry,” he whispers. “I can’t… I can’t see her now. I don’t know what to do.”
“Sherlock,” John says, and Sherlock already knows what he’s going to say. “Run. Get out of here. Run. Now.”
Sherlock nods to himself. Mr Chatterjee is always on his case about leftovers, and he’s right. They can’t afford to bin half their ingredients. They’ve yet to break even at the end of the month, though Sherlock is confident that this month they will finally achieve it. The revenue from his sponsorships and the YouTube channel are enough to stop the gap for now, but if everything goes according to his business plan, they won’t need the help much longer.
Ding. Text.
Sherlock pauses and puts down the violin, carefully. “He said I would regret it. Sooner or later. I would regret the missed opportunity, and I would resent you for it. It would poison us, he said. The knowledge that I made myself less by staying with you.”
He sinks down to his knees next to the couch and stares at John for a while. The moonlight makes him look paler than he is.
Will he never learn?
Janine shrugs and pours herself another cup. “Cupcakes.”
“I’m not going to give the entire room tips on how to beat me,” he answers with what he hopes is a charming smile.
They’re in a small pub around the corner from the theatre. Sherlock’s first impulse was Angelo’s, but there are too many memories there and the atmosphere is too romantic. This is after all very much not a date. This is John Watson’s attempt at being friends. And Sherlock simultaneously loves and hates every second of it.
He drains his single malt with a determination that Sherlock dislikes immensely.
John grimaces around another bite of scone. “Oh god. I’m bad at arts and crafts. But I have a delicious gingerbread recipe.” He taps the cover of the black notebook he brought with him.
She eyes him suspiciously and slightly belligerently. “You here because John sent you?”
Sherlock doesn’t answer, just smiles, and turns his wrist to grab John’s arm, just over his pulse point. He pulls, and John goes with it willingly.
She looks up at John. “Do you want to wait outside? This isn’t going to be pretty.”
Sherlock looks down, and the hesitation before he speaks is highly unusual for him. “Well. Yes. Right now.”
While his sponges are in the oven, he glances around the room. Many of the contestants seem relaxed, the very simple nature of the recipe seems to reassure them. Even Anderson doesn’t seem to have much trouble, and his neighbour, a middle-aged, pouchy man named Mike, seems equally confident, even though he barely made it last week.
is that this might be our very last chance to get home, ever,” Sherlock almost yells.
The Midnight Queen nods. “Yes.” She looks down at her hands and when she continues, her voice has an absent-minded, faraway quality to it. “The gates are a burden for us, left to us by our ancestors. We don’t really understand them. They are by their very nature unstable, like rope bridges swinging in the wind. Certain things can be done to stabilise the connection. Crystals, certain metals, spells and rituals. But what you need to understand is that the Ways between the worlds weren’t made by our ancestors, but discovered. They’re here no matter what we do. So we didn’t close the Gates. We wouldn’t know how. We just made them impassable by removing the trappings that made them stable. When we discovered what had happened to the Great Mother Crystal, we took it back. But he had a replacement. So we rigged the Gate to blow up. You know this, as you triggered the trap that was meant for him.”
And there are two things that make all of this worse. First is that he hurt John with his idiocy. And second that he’s having a hard time regretting anything, which is bad for a number of reasons.
“Getting up,” John answers, struggling to get the duvet off.
Actors mill about in the green room and the dressing rooms, some pacing, limbering up, others doing vocal exercises, others reading the paper. Molly is in the kitchen eating a sandwich with the nonchalant boredom stage crews often develop during a long run.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but follows John into the dining room, complaining the entire time. “Really? Food again? Why do people always have to
to do this
Sherlock and John look at each other and break into a run at the same time. They slip out of the back tent flap, then run over the grass. Quietly, smoothly, Sherlock leads the way along the garden, over the parking lot, through the deserted staff entrance. Sherlock pulls John behind the door into a dim, narrow hallway and gazes outside, making sure they weren’t followed. Then he closes the door and leans against the wall, John opposite, near enough in the dark, narrow corridor that Sherlock can hear John breathing.
This is why Sherlock doesn’t allow himself the indulgence of John’s bed very often. He
John shakes his head and swallows down a dozen insults to  Sherlock’s intelligence, his survival instinct and his general lack of anything remotely resembling common sense. What he would really like to do is yell a million variations of the word
Irene calls him just as he’s about to start his jam tasting.
John nods at the stage. “Let’s get set up.”
Molly nods at her cooly. She’s never warmed to Mary, and John wonders why he didn’t take that as the warning sign it very clearly was. “No problem.”
Sherlock laughs and leads the way.
“What I’m trying to say,” John says, a bit impatient, but Sherlock gets the impression the impatience is self-directed. “Thank you.”
I’m not a ghost. - SH
“How’s the fundraising going?” John asks after they’ve walked a bit in silence.
"I did tell you all of this," Sherlock answers, not even trying to keep the annoyance out of his voice.
For a moment, he doesn’t think John will answer. Then he says, and he sounds so defeated that Sherlock is sorry he asked, “Because I’m too fucking tired to care.”
Sherlock glares at John, who’s grinning at him and removing his foot from Sherlock’s toes. “It’s quite delicious,” Sherlock grinds out between clenched teeth, and John’s grin widens.
Sherlock hesitates. “Are we friends?” he finally asks, quietly, unsure, not at all his usual overconfident self.
"What are you on about?" Sherlock asks, wondering if she made an appointment for them somewhere and he missed it because he was filtering her out. It happened to him before.
Contrary to Holmes’ family opinion, John is, in fact, not an idiot. He’s a doctor; he can diagnose himself, thanks a lot. He knows he’s suffering from a rather serious case of adrenaline addiction, which is the cause of half his problem of readjusting to civilian life. And it doesn’t exactly take the world’s only consulting detective to figure out that if you’ve been shot in the shoulder, a limp might be psychosomatic.
Sherlock shudders, eyes at half-mast. “Left drawer, and god please hurry, I want…”
That’s far too close to discussing John’s marriage, as far as Sherlock is concerned, which is the last thing he wants to do. So he asks, “How long has it been this bad?”
The first run-through is a tedious mess, because they need to stop to add the sound and light cues and get transitions right, and John can feel the actors’ annoyance and boredom coil like a taut string. The second run-through is catastrophic, because the goddamned vomit contraption breaks and they need half an hour to clean up the stage and repair the fucking thing.
enough and one or the other of them would kill you. And it’d be my fault. And I couldn’t take that anymore. So I went after them alone. And you were safe and sound in London. Hating me, but safe.”
Lestrade laughs, and Moran nods. “Yes, indeed.”
“Oh god, yes,” Mary agrees, gesturing with her pizza slice. “Today at lunch I had a strong urge to eat just pickles.”
Sherlock isn’t a hoarder, he has few keepsakes. The box is small, and half empty. A chemistry textbook, admission paperwork, insurance, some letters. Two dog-eared photographs of him and Victor, the only ones in existence, as far as he knows. One on their first day in their new flat, a dingy hole in the wall with a closet-sized bedroom and two hotplates as a kitchen. But they both look happy and proud, splattered with paint, arms slung around each others’ shoulders somewhat awkwardly, uncomfortable with the public display of affection. The second, two years later, more comfortably leaning against each other, but they both look worse for wear, and Sherlock can see the unhealthy gleam in his eyes. He was high when this picture was taken, he’s almost sure of it, mainly because he has no recollection of it happening.
“Is he all right?” Molly asks, nodding in John’s general direction.
“Tell me everything over dinner tonight?” Sarah asks, laying a hand on his arm.
“Angelo’s, obviously,” Sherlock says, closing his eyes and thinking of the way the buttery risotto melted on his tongue the few times he let himself actually enjoy his food.
“But he’s back,” Mrs Hudson says, turning to John, surprised. “He moved back just a few weeks ago. I had lunch with him three weeks ago. I thought you knew, you two used to be thick as thieves.”
“If you say so.” Janine sips her tea and goes back to checking her emails on her phone.
Sherlock starts violently. He looks up at John and there’s something there, something John can’t put his finger on, something in Sherlock’s face, a tension. “Well, I can’t very well tattoo a live one, can I?” Sherlock snaps.
John’s lips twitch. “I’d really rather not, if it’s all the same to you.”
“I’m aware,” Sherlock answers, holding John’s gaze steadily and unblinkingly.
He isn’t even entirely sure he wants to.
John isn’t a transient phenomenon anymore. Instead, he becomes more and more like oxygen.
Sent: 3:52 am
“Easier said than done, I’m afraid,” John answers. “I never even realised I had that choice, and it’s scary.”
“Do you think the Irregulars are compromised?” John asks, and he knows his tone reflects his worry about Billy especially.
“Your point?” Sherlock asks, staring at Mycroft levelly.
Stunned, John moves closer to Sherlock to help him, should Billy decide to make a run for it.
Truth be told, John is sitting here because he has no idea what else to do. He can’t go home. He can’t possibly face Mary. He has no idea what will happen if he puts one foot in front of the other and walks out of this hospital. So what’s keeping him here is mostly inertia, with a side of despair.
This isn’t new information for Sherlock, but he never had the opportunity until now to verify that fact by personal observation.
“Perfect. Now. To your fellow contestants. Janine had to go last week, what did you think of that?”
John is about to argue - Sherlock’s privileged upbringing sometimes shows, because it never occurs to him that many people just never had his wealth of opportunities - when Sherlock suddenly, triumphantly cries, “I knew it!” and a floorboard comes loose.
“Yes, yes, definitely,” John says, forcing a smile through the awkward mess of his emotions. He steps aside to let Sherlock pass.
“Let’s get this over with.”
“I know,” John says, finally, and he sounds like his throat hurts. “You said so in your letter. Mycroft explained the rest.”
“Are you ready to reach a verdict?” John asks, and he sounds both slightly nervous and vastly amused. He looks at Sherlock and flashes him a smile, and Sherlock suddenly wants to get this over with and be alone with John to lick that smile off his face.
“My ice cream won’t set,” John answers without a second’s hesitation. “So that’s going to be my shit one. Yours?”
Sherlock wants to touch John. He wants to put his hand on John’s naked shoulder and just feel the joint move under his fingers, the warmth of John’s skin, the soft movements of his body as he breathes.
Sherlock spares a brief thought for the pastries in the oven and his as of yet still unposted YouTube video. After he made them chocolate chip scones for breakfast that turned out to be closer to lunch, he contacted the BBC about the sponsoring, and watched John make pasties with an easy competence that is sexier than anything else about him. John as a baker is amazing. He’s messy, and sloppy, and he uses Sherlock’s precision scale with ironic amusement, but his every movement speaks of a comfortable joy that Sherlock has rarely seen before. He was glad when the pasties were in the oven so he could freely molest John.
There are a few lines they could pursue. They have a name, they have a description, they have Carl Powers. Normally, Sherlock would be on the trail already, hunting Moriarty like a hellhound and bringing him down swiftly and precisely.
She turns back to Sherlock. “And where’s your recipe from?”
Sweet, sweet chemical oblivion sounds extremely good right now.
“It’s a very long story,” John says and takes a sip of his coffee. “We think she was murdered.”
Sent: 3:30 am
“No, thank you, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock says and takes her by the shoulders to gently steer her out. “You have a nice day now.”
So this is the source of the bad mood. Frustration. “Sherlock, it was dark. The trees and under-brush are dense.”
John snorts. “Of course there isn’t. It’s all about the individual taste of three people, after all. I suppose it’s inevitable, really. Food can never be judged really objectively.”
It's been tough, especially because of the time difference. They text and talk on the phone and over Skype, but one or the other is always tired or at work or has just woken up. But in three days Sherlock will be home for Christmas, and in February John has a week off and will visit Sherlock in Sydney, and in the meantime they'll make do.
Sherlock takes the picture John is holding under his nose with an air of disgust. “Honestly, John, why would I care…. oh.”
Moriarty is assembling strawberry shortcakes, and Sherlock isn’t sure what he’s doing for savoury, but Sherlock is sure it won’t be better than his bake, and that’s faintly disappointing.
The last decorations are done, the Christmas puddings have been lit, and the crew sends them out for the food porn shots.
Nothing. Just. Make sure you get some sleep, all right?
He checks his emails and is writing a new blog entry on the chemistry of marzipan when someone knocks on his door.
“Did you just throw flour at me?” Sherlock asks, torn between outrage and laughter.
Sherlock enters the green room and gestures at him and Mary. “Ah. Good. Neutral observers.” He gestures at the suit he’s wearing. “Does this look like something a high-powered lawyer would wear to you?”
Those horrible months after Mary died, John’s complicated, ugly, angry grief, Sherlock’s helplessness in the face of it, and the realisation that all his best-laid plans had crumbled to nothing and he hadn’t been able to protect John after all. Holding John together with his bare hands and thinking that he would do anything,
The pub where they’re staying is just across a very busy country road, and they trek over with their overnight suitcases, all of them sweaty and grumpy.
The third strike never comes. Instead, his captor takes a well-aimed bullet to the head and topples sideways, revealing a ravaged-looking John Watson, pale and dressed in combat boots, a bulletproof vest and an earpiece, obviously SAS issue. He can hear gunshots and boots in the distance. He nearly passes out with relief.
The performers take a break shortly after sundown, and John checks his watch, which nowadays hangs from a chain on the inside of his jacket. “Come on, we need to go,” he says, tugging at Sherlock’s elbow.
“Cut!” Glen yells from the director’s chair, and everyone in the tent lets out a big breath of relief.
I’m just scared that I’ll wake up tomorrow morning and all of this will turn out to be a dream, and you’re still dead, and I’ve been talking to a ghost
First things first. Tea.
Dusk falls.
“Forty-five minutes, folks,” Mrs Turner calls out.
It occurred to Sherlock as he watched John drink himself into a stupor after Sherlock’s funeral that making one’s best friend watch one committ suicide might be objectively unforgiveable, no matter how good one’s reasons.
about his disappearance, tell me now, and I will personally see to it that your sentence will be very lenient indeed.”
He sits down heavily at the kitchen table, and that’s when he notices it.
He’s so close he can feel the shiver run through John’s body. “Oh god, yes.”
Sherlock gets his jams out of the fridge and uses the moment his face is hidden to breathe deeply. John is right. This is real, and he needs to manage his expectations. It’s difficult, though, because hope is singing through his veins, stronger and more potent than any drug.
, you made my story better!
“What now?” John finally asks, face pressed against Sherlock’s chest.
“How indeed,” Sherlock agrees grimly.
Everybody chuckles good-naturedly, and John nudges him to go on with a slight movement of his chin. “So. Which one do you choose?”
“Tell me your worst Christmas story, and I’ll tell you mine,” John says, and there’s a catch in his voice, like he’s trying to wrestle some powerful emotion down.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, and his even breathing tells John that he has fallen asleep. He leans down and lets his lips brush against Sherlock’s forehead, just once, hating himself a bit for that stolen caress that would never be welcome if Sherlock were awake.
Right now, with Sherlock lying on the sofa, fingers steepled under his chin and eyes closed, music is the soft sound of John and Rosie arguing good-naturedly about the appropriate number of stuffed animals allowed to share Rosie’s bed at night. Rosie is taking the ‘all of them’ side of the argument, John is taking the ‘I don’t want you to suffocate under the weight of 20 stuffed animals during the night’ side. They both utterly fail to see the other’s point, and so John finally puts his foot down and uses his third-best Captain Watson voice to let Rosie know that the discussion is over.
“All right?” Sherlock finally says, and John nods, shaky.
Ding. Text.
Unacceptable.
John tilts his head to better pinpoint the location the sound is coming from. “I think it's coming from your pocket.”
Sherlock has nothing to say to that, at least nothing he can ever imagine himself saying out loud -
Sherlock turns around and they’re standing in 221B again, no Moriarty this time. “But I still don’t have an answer. I’ve gone through so many variables, and I still don’t know how it’s going to end. I’ve altered nearly everything I could think of,  and the outcome is never perfect, it’s never like it was before.”
John catches his eyes and gives him a lopsided grin, and Sherlock shrugs.
They always knew the leg was psychosomatic. It doesn’t need a genius to deduce that a shoulder wound won’t lead to a weak leg. But at first they thought the tremor in his hand was nerve damage. But after about a hundred tests, they connected it to his PTSD, told him to get some therapy, and to have a nice life.
He goes into the bathroom and dry-heaves over the washbasin for a few moments, exhaustion, guilt and shame making him shake all over. His leg is heavy tonight, and he has to lean against the wall halfway back to Harry’s bedside.
Sherlock nods. He takes his hands off John’s shoulders and kneels back on the bottom stair.
Sherlock draws back and pulls himself together. “Let’s go, then, and get this over with.”
His mind seamlessly integrated the knowledge that he loves John Watson into his operating system, and when Sherlock realised the update was complete - around the time he came back and saw that bloody awful mustache and
Three hours of night driving through pouring rain might not have been the amount of time Sherlock would normally enjoy spending with anyone.
Sent: 2:35 am
The stage door opens and Mrs Hudson sticks her head in. “Leave it for later, dears, and come have some punch.”
They don't return to Baker Street right away, but roam the city streets. They both love walking around the city, just getting to know it, the noises and the people, shops and carts and horses and dogs barking. Temera is a lively place, teeming with food vendors and street performers. Sherlock never takes the same route twice, and John loves walking after him, always feeling like he's about to be whirled into the next adventure, even if it's only watching a juggler or buying an especially tasty hot treat.
“They didn’t make any sense, I assumed your grandmother made a mistake,” Sherlock says, feeling a bit defensive. “If I’d adhered to her instructions, the cake would have collapsed in the oven.”
He goes down the stairs that lead to the back entrance of the hotel.
I do know you sleep, I’ve seen you sleep every day for almost two years. You can fool everybody else with that whole I’m above all this human nonsense act, but I’ve seen you eat an entire package of chocolate biscuits and then fall asleep on the sofa during Jeremy Kyle, so you don’t fool me
“Suit yourself.” John eats a whole potato with butter and salt, and then starts mashing the rest of them, adding big knobs of butter. He mixes in the cream cheese and the leeks he’s chopped before, and goes to check on his dough in the fridge.
Irene is doing something with a piping bag. Her scones are resting, ready to go into the oven, and of course they’re perfect.
There’s nothing fucking funny about this. “Five inches, Sherlock. Five bloody inches. You know what’s five inches from where he cut you? Your bloody carotid artery.” John rubs a hand over his face and fights against the overwhelming urge to do something drastic, like punch Sherlock in the face, or drink an entire bottle of Scotch, or go out into the London night and look for somebody to have a fistfight with.
He closes his eyes and wonders whether it’s possible that he will pass out in this chair sooner or later.
They look at each other in silence. Dusk is falling quickly, making it more difficult to gauge Sherlock’s expression, but John can see an obsessive gleam in his eyes that he doesn't like.
“This is the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard. Fairy Realm,” Sherlock scoffs. “You’ve finally proven the popular theory that reading fiction actually rots the brain.”
He’s on the fifth stair when he realises.
Sherlock is utterly incapable of making sense of the sounds the voice is making, but he’s able to connect the voice to the face hovering above his.
He does notice, though, that John doesn’t use his cane consistently. Sometimes it’s like he forgets about it and he leaves it leaning against the oven as he gets his dough out of the fridge and as he works on his lattice pattern.
Sherlock snorts. “Don’t be overdramatic, John. You didn’t need it, I was fine.”
He swallows. “I’ll do my best, I promise.”
“You’re not going to shoot us,” Sherlock says, still in  Feyara. “If you wanted to kill us, we’d already be dead. So, where are we going?”
Sherlock is watching him critically. “Don’t you think the generations of soldiers in your family might have fought for one of them not to die on foreign soil for a cause they couldn’t care less about?”
“No, no, it’s fine,” Sherlock answers, quickly making room for John to put down his bowl.
They move on to John, and Sherlock takes a second to look around the room.
The narrow camp bed is uncomfortable and the blanket scratches against Sherlock’s skin.
“The theme for our showstopper this week is nostalgia, and I for one can’t wait to see what our bakers come up with.”
Silence falls, and Sherlock doesn’t know what to say, because for all the times he’s done this, all of the times and different ways he explained and apologised and fought, he’s never had a John Watson who just didn’t seem to care.
A scream rips through the air, followed by a giant crash from the auditorium. John turns and runs out the backstage entrance and to the side entrance of the auditorium, Sherlock close behind him. He rips the door open and gasps at the sight that meets him. The ladder Mary and Mike were using to exchange the headlights is lying over the seats, and Mary’s crumpled form lies on the floor, unmoving.
“I am aware,” Sherlock says, rolling his eyes. He reaches under the table and holds something out to John. It's a small cake, and there's even a candle on top.
Janine phoned him this morning about an appointment with the bank manager early next week, but she was somber about his chances if he doesn’t get a hold of his trust fund. The money coming in from sponsoring and YouTube is a nice supplement, but it’s not enough, not by a long shot. It looks like his only way forward is to actually threaten to haul Mycroft into court, and he isn’t looking forward to this nearly as much as he should.
John rolls his eyes. “I’m training to be a medic. So yes, I know how girls get pregnant. I even know how not to get a girl pregnant.”
Sherlock smiles at him, hesitant but real. “I’ve got a few ideas,” he says and kisses John again.
Sherlock turns to John. “Kitty,” they say at the same time and without exchanging another word, they run out the door again.
to be alive, to be breathing, for every beat of his heart.
John exhales deeply, and closes his eyes for a second. “I know. And I appreciate it, I really do.”
“So,” he says after finishing his tea and his bun, feeling slightly more human, “the news.”
Sherlock smirks at her. “One of the very few intelligent things you said this evening.”
Sherlock says nothing, mostly because he can’t think of anything to say, he only thinks that it speaks to his state of mind that he’s more nervous about this bake than any of the bakes he did on national television.
He closes his eyes and tries to identify the feeling of tight longing behind his breastbone. Finally, he can put words to it. “You go where you want. I’m going home.”
Before he can talk himself out of it, he opens his text program and writes
“After breakfast.”
“I told you from the start,” Sherlock says, trying to keep the exasperation out of his voice. “I told you I wasn’t interested in a relationship.”
"We threaten to sue him. You're a grown man, and you've been sober for six years. Your brother's financial control over your life is ridiculous."
Sherlock finishes his cigarette and throws it into the darkness, a glowing ember trail until it falls to the earth and extinguishes.
John smiles sadly at him. “Even if that’s true, don’t you see? I’m your friend, yes, but you, you were my crutch, my heroin. And that’s as much my fault for allowing myself to get dependent on you as it’s your fault for fostering my addiction. Our relationship in a nutshell, I’m your friend and you’re my dealer.” He gets up and pats Sherlock’s shoulder a little clumsily. “I’m going to bed. You can let yourself out.”
He stretches out on the sofa, and John goes into the kitchen to switch off the lights.  The sitting room smells strongly of dead pig, so he heaves the carcass into the kitchen and cracks a window. Then he turns off the lights in the sitting room and waits for a moment while his eyes adjust to the darkness.
Sherlock gives the reporter a withering look. “I’m gay, and quite open about it. Do your research.”
He’d still choose John’s over them every single time.
Because something has shifted between them, during that night. They’re both aware now that there’s
Sarah glares at him over the grain coffee in the staff room. “I waited for you for half an hour, John. Half a bloody hour.”
“That’s why I couldn’t,” Sherlock says, and he can hear the anger in his own voice, too, only it isn’t necessarily directed at John. “I
“Just wait until I’m done with you,” Sherlock whispers against John’s lips, and sticks his hand down John’s pants.
John is waiting in the parking lot, duffel bag by his feet, carrying his cane but not leaning on it. He smiles at Sherlock. “Hey you. Everything all right? You went off rather quickly there, didn’t have a chance to talk to you.”
John nods and closes his eyes. His voice sounds drowsy when he says, “Why not? I’ve heard crazier ideas.”
Sherlock huffs a laugh and resists the urge to take John’s hand and wind their fingers together as they walk through the autumn sunshine. “Let’s risk it.”
Sent: 3:18 am
Sherlock doesn’t need to be told twice. He thrusts up, and John pushes down, and together they find a rhythm, John bracing himself against Sherlock’s hands. It’s slow, and languid, and then it’s fast and urgent, and Sherlock can barely breathe, can barely form a coherent thought except ‘this, more, now’. He comes with a bitten-off shout, and watches, dazed, as John wraps his hand around his cock and comes all over Sherlock’s chest.
Hospital wards are pretty much the same at 2:30 am the world over. John has reason to know. He’s spent more sleepless nights in hospital wards than he cares to remember. As a medical student, a doctor, a patient, a relative. It smells of antiseptics and  bad coffee. The lighting is unflattering and dim. The sounds of snoring and groaning, the beeping of machinery are punctuated by the nurses’ tired tread squeaking on the linoleum floors. The chairs are plastic and uncomfortable.
Sherlock smiles graciously and thanks all of them, then adds, “The line between simple and boring can be thin, and boring makes for bad television, don’t you agree?”
It’s almost dark when they approach the city gates.
Sherlock stills. John’s body is warm, and heavy, and it feels amazing. John’s laughter fades, and he looks up into Sherlock’s eyes. They’re very close, and very near, and from this distance Sherlock can fully appreciate the lovely shade of blue of John’s eyes. He can feel his breath pick up against John’s rib cage.
It’s 5:30 in the morning, John. Get some bloody sleep. -SH
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have brought it up.” Sarah squeezes his arm in sympathy and lets her hand linger.
It’s 3:30 am. A sane man would go back to bed.
Sherlock shoots the thug in the face without thinking about it. He unties John with shaking fingers. John grins at him through bloodied teeth, and Sherlock wants to wrap his arms around John so tightly that John will be absorbed into Sherlock’s body and they will never be apart again.
“It’s delicious, no doubt. But it’s far easier than some of the other bakes we’ve seen today,” Moran says, frowning with obvious scepticism.
The chairs haven't moved; they still sit facing each other in front of the fireplace.
John looks at him questioningly. “Ready?”
The creaking of the stage floor is excruciatingly loud in the silence of the sleeping theatre.
Sherlock looks up sharply, all his quiet contentment gone. “What did he say?” he asks, and he doesn’t care that his tone reflects his annoyance. “Whatever it is, ignore him, he’s an unmitigated arsehole.”
Sherlock grins. He can almost picture John standing in line wherever he’s getting dinner from.
Finally, the judges reach Sherlock’s workstation.
Sherlock nods as if that settles anything and goes back to his microscope.
“Half-nine, you’ve got time for a shower and breakfast. Did you listen to a word I just said?”
Measure out the flour. Pinch of salt. Sugar, just a bit. Cut the butter into the flour, careful not to overwork.
Sherlock is gone for 24 hours. John tries hard not to panic. He hides Sherlock’s absence from Mrs Hudson as well as he can, which isn’t difficult because he rarely attends school and often misses meals. He also tries to hide his growing worry and fear, and that’s much harder. He lies awake half the night, waiting for Sherlock to sneak in. Normally he curses Sherlock for how noisy he can be when John tries to sleep, but the unnatural silence in their room keeps him awake more completely than Sherlock’s banging and muttering ever could.
“Good thing nobody asked you then, is it?” John says, and there’s a subtle note of steel in his voice that everybody in the room takes a note of. He gives Seb a pointed glare and Seb looks away.
? It’s so boring. Haven’t you already had two meals today? ”
“That’s beautiful,” Donovan says, “bit playful for you, but beautifully executed.”
The crackling stops, and the unit is silent again.
“Go. I need to sleep anyway.”
He asked himself two questions: First, would John willingly risk his life for the knowledge that Sherlock was still alive? And second, what would
John makes the tea, and sets Sherlock’s mug on the sofa table.
“Because you’re an idiot,” John says, and the answering smile on Sherlock’s face is brilliant and beautiful and so very worth every irritating genius quirk of his.
“Yeast goes bad?” Mary asks, and everybody laughs at her shocked tone.
If he wanted to, if he was masochistic enough, he could go back and count every time John smiled at him, every time they walked home together after rehearsal or performance, the cool London air refreshing on their flushed faces after the stuffy heat of the theatre, both elated from the adrenaline rush of a good live performance, or tired from a stressful rehearsal, or joking about something that went wrong, a funny line, an odd audience reaction, a missed cue, a dropped prop. Every time John took his hand, hesitant and shy, every time his heart soared at the touch, every time he unlocked the overcomplicated door to his tiny flat with fingers trembling with nerves and desire, every time John backed him against that door and kissed him, tasting of cheap backstage coffee and powdered creamer, every time they’d exchange a secret smile during long rehearsals, or a look that contained a shared joke. Every time he looked at John before a show and knew he’d be watching and the adrenaline jolt making the performance that much better, that much sharper and clearer and more immediate.
John pauses in the doorway and blinks, takes a moment to come to grips with  the fact that his flatmate is tattooing a dead pig in the middle of the night.
“I tried,” Mycroft said calmly. “He wouldn’t come.”
He accepts the food and water gratefully, and he feels much better for it. “Thank you,” he says, then goes over to Sherlock with the water skin.
“You...” Sherlock obviously has no idea what to say next, and it's sort of flattering, surprising Sherlock Holmes into speechlessness. John manages only very rarely. “You don't know?” Sherlock says at last, sounding terribly unsure of himself for once.
Then he starts setting up his equipment. He’s brought a set of everything, measuring cups and spoons, spatulas, ladles, whisks of various sizes. Anything without a visible brand name. He’s stretched this rule somewhat by taping over a part of his precision scale, but the BBC put their foot down on him bringing his own baking trays, and Sherlock grudgingly acquiesced, because it won’t materially affect the quality of his bake. He did insist on bringing his own blowtorch, however, and the BBC agreed provided he always tells the camera crew when he’s going to use it.
tell me how to do my bloody job.”
They spend two weeks lying low in a Tibetan monastery at 2000 metres altitude. The monastery is on the shores of a small mountain lake. It’s clear and cold up here, and Sherlock relishes the silence that is only broken by prayer chants. They spend their days exploring the mountains and their nights exploring each other.
John never thought he’d miss that.
John sighs and rubs a hand over his face. “I’d just hoped you'd learned to trust me enough to take me with you.”
Truth be told, John’s not even sitting here because he’s overly worried that Sherlock will die anymore. He’s not afraid that Mary will come back because he knows Mycroft has stationed his people all over the hospital.
“He wasn’t ill, he was just an idiot.” They all laugh at Sherlock’s dry tone, and then he continues the story, “So the actor playing our gangster boss looked at me, and I could see the panic in his eyes. So we improvise, he insults me, I defend myself. Then our colleague runs back on stage, wriggles himself back into his ropes, and continues the scene as if nothing happened. We later found out that he’d left the MacGuffin on the props table, and he had to get it, because the play would have stopped dead in its tracks if he hadn't. The audience found the whole thing hilarious, and thought it was part of the play.”
Sherlock just nods in acknowledgement, not having doubted her ability.
Mycroft smirks at him. “Would you have picked up?”
“The Watch haven’t identified her yet.”
Then he falls back into the seat and is violently sick over the faded upholstery.
He smiles and presses another kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “Let’s go.”
John gazes at Sherlock’s hand and his own, slowly letting this new idea sink in. “All right,” he finally says. “I think I understand. But how does this help us?”
, Sherlock thinks. Last year is an euphemism Mycroft uses because he doesn’t like the word rehab. “I thought I did.”
to me, Sherlock. About everything. Why is it that people always lie to me? I’m so bloody sick of it. Why do the people I love never
He knows he can’t go back to a John Watson whose eyes would go dark if Sherlock dropped his voice a little. He can’t even reasonably expect the John who used to tell him bad jokes, share backstage gossip, complain about his day.
Sherlock looks at the old man intently. “Did Kitty know this?”
And John often watches him like he’s waiting for something, possibly for Sherlock to make up his mind, or to kiss him again. And Sherlock admits to himself now that he
“We leave you here, John Watson and Sherlock Holmes,” Lya says and inclines her head, oddly formally. “I hope we never meet again.”
There’s a question in the statement. Sherlock swallows around the fluttering in his stomach and answers the unspoken ‘What am I doing here’. “I was wondering whether you might want to use it to prepare for the show. Your kitchen is…”
She gestures at John. “Help me get his shirt off, please.”
“I was correcting your grammar. It
Prove it
The human ear is a marvel. As unique as a fingerprint.
The insecure contestant - whose name Sherlock gleans to be Molly - is insecure for no good reason and actually a very competent baker, as it turns out, her pumpkin spice coffee cake is a hit with the judges, and it looks perfect.
All in all, he's happier here than he's been in years. London, the war, his family, all are far away, and John's not unhappy about it.
Sherlock is awake, and he’s, for lack of a better word, cranky.
Sherlock smiles at his mobile. Progress. Definite progress.
“To get more followers for my YouTube channel.”
“That’s a load of bollocks, and you know it.”  It’s almost a reflex, defending Sherlock. Not ten minutes ago, John would have told anyone who’d asked him that Sherlock Holmes is a heartless, soulless bastard who thought John’s grief for him was funny. But the thing is, he knows, deep down, that it’s not true. One look at his ragged, pale face after he dragged John out of that fire was enough to remind John that there’s an actual heart under all that invulnerable, untouchable, sociopathic bullshit. He glares at Mycroft. “Your problem is that you’ve never seemed to understand that Sherlock isn’t like you. He tries to be, but he isn’t. He has emotions, he cares about people, and because you’ve been whispering into his ear all his life that he’s just like you, he sees his heart as a defect that needs to be ‘cured’. And that’s why he has so much trouble believing that people actually care whether he lives or dies.”
John follows, astoundingly fleet-footed for a man with a limp, and together, they make their way towards the tent, quietly, avoiding the gravel path, ducking into the shadows. When they reach the tent, Sherlock gestures at the side flap, and they creep along the sides, ducking under the windows.
There’s a knock at his door, and a voice in the darkness. “John! Get up! Come on, everybody’s already downstairs.”
The judging is long and tedious. Donovan and Lestrade love John’s punschkrapfen, but Moran hates them and has a hard time even acknowledging that they’re competently made. All three of them criticise John for being a bit unimaginative, which John acknowledges with a self-deprecating smile.
He gets up and shoots Jim in the head with a gun that he just happens to be holding, then he walks out of 221B, directly into the wide halls and beautiful peace of his mind palace.
Sherlock shakes his head and takes another drag of his cigarette. The nicotine settles into his veins and calms the tingling under his skin. He’s restless, and it’s only partly from boredom. Most of it is the fact that John hasn’t looked at him once since this morning.
“On day one of our acquaintance, you cured my limp. I was a total stranger, and you cured my limp.” John makes a sort of ‘there you have it’ gesture.
There’s a sound of keys scraping over a lock, and the bell over the door dings.
Sherlock looks her up and down. “You tried to quit smoking recently and failed, and you’re late so often because your bicycle breaks down on the way to the theatre.” He points at her bitten cuticles and the smear of bicycle oil on her jeans. “You should tell the crew, they’d dislike you less if they knew.”
“Of course.” Steadying John with one hand, Sherlock bends over and picks up the cane. He hands it to John handle first, and John takes it with a slight unhappy grimace.
“How about this,” Sherlock says, evading John’s mouth, which lands on his neck instead. John bites down on his neck and he gasps as John’s teeth graze over sensitive skin. “I was about to take a shower. How about you join me?”
The others all chuckle, except Moriarty, who snorts, unamused. He opens his mouth, but then John looks at him pointedly and he closes his mouth again. He turns and walks away, muttering something about imbecilic amateurs and tedious and boring. Sherlock tends to agree with him, but he’s not stupid enough to voice these thoughts aloud.
It’s a rhetorical question, and they both know it, so Sherlock doesn’t bother answering. “Please tell me what you want, our dinner is getting cold.”
“Did they hit your head?” John asks.
Mycroft seems to be able to read his thoughts, because he gives Sherlock a smirk. “Your scones are better, no doubt. You could still bake good scones while doing something worthwhile with the other 23 and a half hours of your day.”
He barely remembers this self, the one who took John more or less for granted, the arrogant sod. It’s only now that John is gone he’s realised how truly essential John has become to him. Maybe he thought about kissing John before, considered it, dismissed it, deleted it, thought it an unnecessary complication.
John nods, still grinning self-consciously. “All I had since breakfast was a dodgy ham sandwich.”
Sherlock is glad that he's driving, because it gives him an excellent excuse not to look at John. “Pity is useless and insulting, and I don’t feel guilty because you volunteered to go to war. Either emotion is stupid, and I don’t indulge in stupidity. Or any emotion, for that matter.”
“And you, John, what do you think is the most important quality a good baker has to possess?” Mrs Turner asks, having caught their interaction.
And suddenly, that’s not his biggest problem. Because suddenly, he realises they’re surrounded.
Billy’s silent for a long time. Then, finally, he reaches into his pocket and pulls out something gilded and heavy. “Might’ve found this on the street,” he mutters, putting it on the table.
Sherlock doesn’t say
to him when nobody else does, John feels immensely, incredibly special.
Sherlock smiles slightly, oddly relieved by the obviousness of the statement. “That’s something, I suppose. Now if we can just get you to be a little glad to have me back,” he adds, trying and failing to make his voice light, to make it sound like a joke.
He hopes it’s slightly less obvious that he’s physically attracted to Sherlock, that he loves touching Sherlock, that he loves watching him move and work and talk and be brilliant, that he loves the thrill of occasionally being able to capture and hold Sherlock’s full and undivided attention. That laser intensity all concentrated on him, it does things to John, physical things.
“Where I’m sure she was eaten as well, but at least she had a fighting chance,” John says, and the actors all chuckle.
John nods, confused. Great-grandmother?
John sighs and removes his hand again. It almost hurts, losing that contact, but it’s worth it, because John is pulling a piece of paper out of his coat pocket. He adjusts his glasses in a way that makes Sherlock’s heart lurch and scribbles something on the paper. “Here,” he says, and Sherlock takes the digits of John’s new mobile number like the precious gift it is.
Sherlock nods and carefully sieves the flour into his dough.
“On July 23rd 1941, at around 7:45 am, two boys walked out of Musgrave Manor. Neither of them has been seen since.” The man leans forward. “One of these boys is my son. If you know anything, I repeat
Around eleven, Sherlock takes off his apron and cracks the door open to the bakery proper.
And Sherlock can’t figure out
Black, no sugar
He thought that seeing John again would finally convince him that he did the right thing six years ago, that there’s nothing there anymore, that John is ordinary and boring and not worth his time at all.
John looks at him fondly. "You know why. Because it's bloody worth it."
John shakes his head. Each breath presses his ribcage against the palm of Sherlock’s hand, and it's strange, but John doesn't want it to stop.
“Hm,” Sherlock hums in agreement, too tired to speak. He feels a bit like the room, messy, tossed around, upside down, inside out. His body is humming with a quiet satisfaction. Round two was even better than round one, with John’s mouth on him and then John’s fingers in his hair and John making absolutely divine noises as Sherlock swallowed him down.
“John.” Still gentle, still so very gentle.
Sherlock has no idea what John is doing. He’s made what looks a bit like a cream cheese filling, and Sherlock wasn’t sure if it’s savoury or sweet until he started making custard.
Sherlock wakes to darkness and an empty bed. He reaches over and the sheets are rumpled, but cold, so John must have gotten up some time ago. Still half asleep, he stumbles out of bed and into the loo and wonders whether John left, and whether he’s relieved or disappointed about that.
Finally, he turns to Sherlock. “You really don’t have a birthday cake?“
“Problem?” Sherlock asks with a raised eyebrow.
“How long have you been here?”
John rubs a hand over his face and looks at him, and Sherlock can see the bone-deep tiredness he barely concealed all day. “I’m giving you every benefit of the doubt right now and assuming that you’re not
“We were incredibly lucky to be picked up by Mrs Hudson. If we’d been older, we would’ve had to fend for ourselves, and we might have ended up in a place like this.” John makes a gesture that encompasses the tiny flat, the threadbare carpet, the small window, the absence of heat.
He feels a nudge, and John is looking at him, smiling softly. “Hey.”
. If food were a mere ‘A+B, heat, eat’, then baking wouldn’t exist. The mere existence of baking means that food is more than just chemistry.”
“Seriously, this is delicious. Somewhat makes up for the blandness of your scones,” Moran adds, and John thanks them and moves back to his workstation. He exchanges a glance with Sherlock and shrugs good-naturedly, since it’s pretty obvious that he won’t win today.
“So, Sherlock, your last reaction interview. I know you’ve always hated them.”
“What’s new?” he asks Sherlock, gesturing at the newspaper.
“Enough!” Lestrade doesn’t yell, but it’s a close thing. He points at Sherlock and John. “Out, both of you. And I don’t want to see you near this case again!”
“Where are we?” John whispers.
John gives him IV saline and antibiotics and Sherlock drifts in and out of consciousness with his head in John's lap and John's hands in his hair.
John is watching him, half wary, half curious. “Couldn’t sleep?” he finally asks, and Sherlock recognises that it’s a rhetorical question.
Molly and John, early like him, both stop next to him, taking in the set.
John huffs a laugh against Sherlock’s shirt. “You know I don’t really hate you, right?” he mutters, already half-asleep.
Sherlock nods, grinning. “Yes. And I bet there’s more where that came from. Do you want to help me find out?”
He serves the mince pies to Janine and Mr Chatterjee.
The judges chuckle, and then they try the pudding.
Sherlock isn’t sure he’ll be able to take it.
“I was surprised to hear from you,” Victor finally says. He’s always been a talker, unable to let a silence sit. Sherlock never especially liked that about him, but he appreciates it now. “How are you?”
“I’m a sociopath,” Sherlock points out, and doesn’t add,
For a moment, they stare at each other wordlessly. John looks… Sherlock has no words for how John looks. He looks… blank, kind of. Tired. Sober. He looks done.
myself for being relieved.”
The attendant is just handing John his jacket when Sherlock stops beside him and gestures at his own coat.
John recognises him instantly. It’s Kitty's “boyfriend” from the museum. “So you’re Jim,” John muses. “Can’t say I’m surprised. Only a bit disappointed.”
“Can anyone here actually cook?” John asks, looking around the table.
A shiver runs through John’s body, and Sherlock feels a sudden, violent urge to rip John’s clothes off, to pin him down and ravage him, to make him bleed and sweat and come and shatter that eternal calm, and maybe in return get shattered himself by the violence he knows is somewhere within John. He knows that right now they could easily destroy each other, and a part of him wants to experience that, wants to know what it would take to break John, what he would do once broken, what it would be like to see this man erupt in the deadly, calm, remorseless violence he is capable of but always hides so well. It’s a rush like standing on the edge of a very tall building and thinking of jumping.
The producers have explained to them that they’re shooting two weeks in advance, but the finale will be shot on Saturday and aired on Sunday.
She’s already there when he arrives, clutching her coffee mug to warm her hands.  It’s December and unusually cold for London. The air smells of snow, and Sherlock estimates that by Christmas Day at the latest the city will be covered in white that will quickly turn to slush.
John rolls his eyes. “Yes, thank you, Captain Obvious, this is enormously helpful. Forgive me if I’m not good at baking little rainbow hearts into an otherwise boring sponge cake.”
Sherlock doesn't follow.
whether
Then Sherlock kneels down next to him. “Is anything broken?”
But down here, there is only silence and death.
John looks at the mince pie critically, and admittedly it’s not much to look at, having been squashed in Sherlock’s coat pocket for the hour it took Sherlock to walk here. But he takes it and bites into it, making an approving sound.
John bites back a smile at her eagerness to see what Sherlock has done. He starts explaining it to her, and John immediately zones out because they’re speaking a mixture of English, Feyara, and Chemistry, and John’s not exactly fluent in two out of the three.
“I’m so sorry!”
It screamed through his head while he taught John how to dance, while he was composing the walz. It was nearly deafening on the stag night, during the pub crawl, during that ridiculous game they’d played, drunk and happy and content in front of their fireplace, once more just the two of them, in their chairs, in 221B. John’s hand on his knee, John looking at him with a question in his eyes.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Whatever.” He gets up and whirls into his coat. “Molly, I’m leaving,” he yells at the front of the room. “See you later, John. Try the medicine I gave you and record the results.”
“Ah, Sherlock, my boy,” Mr. Musgrave says, and then his eyes alight on John. “And you brought a guest?” he asks, surprise very much evident on his face.
Sherlock dismisses the apology, entirely at ease again now that John is here. “Doesn’t matter. Let’s just get started.”
“You’re overreacting. It was one mouse, and I didn’t poison it, it escaped from its cage and ate my experiment! But never mind the mouse, do you want me to show you how I made the more potent Feverweed?”
"Okay," John mutters. "I missed you."
John smiles. “So when do we go?”
John cries out harshly, almost like he’s in pain, but the way his hand fists in Sherlock’s hair and holds him there tells a different story. And god, but nothing compares to this, to having John’s hard length in his mouth, running his tongue along the underside and feeling John shiver down to his toes, John’s hand in his hair holding him and guiding him and making him stay. Every quiver of John’s, every sound, every desperate whisper of his name, every time John’s hand convulsively fists in his hair, Sherlock feels it all directly in his cock, already beyond hard and pressing painfully against his fly. But for now he enjoys the desperate edge to his arousal, entirely focused on getting John off. And Sherlock can tell it won’t take long, because John is already on edge, and Sherlock is going down on John like he’s starved for this for a long time, which of course he did. He uses every trick, every swirl of tongue, hint of teeth, deep throat until he almost chokes, everything he knows drives John insane, and John’s already shaking and sounding like he’s dying, and he’s pulling at Sherlock’s hair until it’s almost too painful to bear, but Sherlock doesn’t relent until John comes into his mouth with a strangled cry and sags back against the elevator wall, spent and sated and looking half dead.
“You’re wrong,” he finally says, and it’s not exactly what he wants to say, but it will have to do for now.
@johnwatsonsblog.co.uk
The killer grins. “No. Jim wants you alive. But I think you need to die. Your idiocy has cost us enough. When you two idiots stumbled through the Gate, we were stuck here for a year. And on the other side, the local police went bonkers when you disappeared. Apparently your daddy really wants you back. So I'm not killing you because Jim's paying me. I'm doing this because I'll enjoy watching you die.”
Billy shrugs. “Dunno, just showed up here one day. ‘S why Ginger’s here, she’s the one who picked them up. Ginger?”
Unsent
“You think that was easy for me? Leaving Rosie behind?” Mary looks at him, and there’s genuine hurt in her voice.
Sherlock blinks, but doesn’t move, or say anything.
Mycroft takes the ticket, and Sherlock hides a smirk because he thinks this is the first time in his life that he actually managed to surprise Mycroft.
Mary rolls her eyes. “John. Please. We’ve got six light cues left. We can do it tomorrow morning before the actors come in. You’re clearly done for.”
Sherlock pulls John down until he’s nestled against him again. He runs his fingers under John’s t-shirt so he can trace the bumps of his spine. “But it’s Sydney. It’s so far away. And I’ll be gone eight months at least.”
Sherlock sits up. He has to see John’s face to know that he’s serious. “Honestly?”
“Molly?”
“Do you think we’ll get to fight, if we return? Do you think by the time we’re eighteen, the war will still go on?” John asks after a while.
Sherlock thinks it must have been Mycroft’s Italian “associate”.
“You know what I miss?” he says into the darkness, trying to lighten the mood.
It’s dark in the cell.
The stones are gone. In their place are ancient tree-stumps. Metal rods holding oval bronze mirrors are placed in a perfect circle around the place they're standing in. Each of the mirrors reflects sunlight directly onto them. Around them, there's a circle of metal embedded in the earth, edged with what looks like writing in a script John doesn't even have a name for. The forest has changed, too, it’s lighter, wilder, younger, the clearing is larger and yet softer, more natural-looking, less man-made.
“Thanks,” John says drily, but he finds the key more quickly after Sherlock’s instructions.
“Unlikely,” Sherlock says absently, feeling around the floorboards with his long, sensitive violinist fingers. “We’re both far better educated than Violet Jones, so we would have found better paying work.”
“It’s boring, barely a three,” Sherlock says dismissively.
@johnwatsonsblog
“Well, we’ve both made a Sachertorte, and when we wrap here today, we’re going to have a taste-off.”
He snuck out once to see Molly, to thank her.
“Funny you should ask that,” the curator muses. “Come with me.”
John goes. He goes home - to 221 B - and he sleeps, and he showers, and he has breakfast, and he puts one foot in front of the other, because Sherlock needs him to, and that’s reason enough for now.
“Daddy is sick, we can’t leave him alone,” Rosie says, still looking at John with the fearless curiosity that is her most Watson-ish trait.
John’s about to answer when someone clears their throat loudly behind them. John and Billy both turn and see Ginger leaning against the chimney, grinning. “Sorry to interrupt, gents.”
The crew is still setting up in the main tent, rigging lights and cameras and lugging around various equipment. The makeup/wardrobe/catering/green room tent is sitting a few metres away. Sherlock passes it by, ignoring the scents of bad coffee and cigarette smoke.
The front doors open and the paramedics come in, led by Sherlock, who must have gone out to meet them. At least somebody is doing something useful, John thinks.
John gazes up at him and twines his fingers in Sherlock’s hair. “That’s probably the nicest thing I’ve heard in ages.” He pulls Sherlock down for a kiss, then mutters against his lips, “You probably don’t need to be told this, given that you’re you, but you’re interesting too. You’re fascinating, in fact.”
He has mince pies to bake.
John is helping Mary with the light console, moving it up to the lighting booth now they’re done programming, and Molly’s re-setting the stage for tomorrow’s rehearsal. Mary’s complaining about something or other for her wedding, and John is quite openly not listening. His only thoughts are of food, shower, and his own fucking bed. In that order.
“Thank you, Billy,” John says.
“Well, some of us.” John pauses for a second. Then he steps back and gestures at the table. “We all thought it was completely unacceptable that you don’t have a birthday cake, so we, um, kind of, made you some?”
Sherlock grins, and suddenly they’re laughing and can’t stop.
“How’s your nose?” John finally asks. He
Truth is, he isn’t entirely certain. The rooms all look pretty much identical, and both he and John apparently stuck their overnight cases in their closets. And last night, as they stumbled upstairs, unwilling to let go of each other for longer than absolutely necessary, he wasn’t paying attention to whatever room they stumbled into. Apparently, neither did John, which means they were lucky that they didn’t end up in another contestant’s room.
Sherlock tries to refocus on John’s question, and looks at the intricate drawings and calculations littering the table. “Gingerbread house. This week’s showstopper?”
Sherlock looks at the cane and decides he might as well ask. "It's psychosomatic, you know that, right?"
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes against John’s mouth. “Yes. God, yes.”
“What does that have to do with you?” Sarah asks, but her tone is a lot softer now that she sees he’s genuinely upset about it.
Sigh. “All right, off you go.”
“Sherlock?”
“Have to say, John’s doughnuts were very good - fluffy, light, sweet, but Sherlock’s home-made cranberry-currant jelly was just that bit better, so he takes the prize.”
“‘fraid so,” Ginger says. “He did tell Joe to go get you, though, but Joe had no idea who you even are, so here I am.”
“Fine,” Billy bites out. “Fifteen.”
“Just be sure to keep your eye on the ball, Sherlock. It wouldn’t do to get… distracted,” Moriarty says before walking away with another chilly grin.
John is the only one who knows that Sherlock loves him. Not even Sherlock knows; John’s pretty sure that he hasn’t yet identified this thing inside him that makes him care about John as love. For once, John is quicker than Sherlock.
John huffs a laugh and some of his amusement fades. “This changes nothing.”
“I’m going to win. Final three, John, Molly and me.”
Sherlock shakes himself out of it, meeting John’s eyes.
Silence falls, and still Billy lingers.
Sherlock can’t help the small laugh that escapes him. “Probably not.”
Um… dead?
Mrs Turner turns to the camera and says, “You heard it here first, Britain. This handsome doctor star baker is still on the market. So, girls, and apparently boys, what are you waiting for?”
Fifteen minutes later, they’ve both pulled themselves together enough to sneak Sherlock back into his room. Sherlock takes a quick shower and dresses, then goes downstairs to breakfast. He’s ravenously hungry and his entire body is thrumming with satisfaction, something he is very much not used to.
“John?”
Sherlock concedes all of the above with a slight grimace. “I’ve been clean for some time now, brother mine. And it’s not like I started this yesterday. I’ve been rather successful so far.”
Sherlock looks where he’s pointing, and he can see the faint pencil marks on the white post. He never paid much attention to them, but now he can imagine what this kitchen must have been like when Speedy’s was still busy, and when Mr Chatterjee’s family still lived upstairs. He can picture Nyra sitting at the table doing her homework, and Prisha helping Mr Chatterjee bake, just like John used to help his grandmother.
He’s vaguely aware that John has turned off the camera, that John is walking him back until he’s sitting on the kitchen table, that his legs are wrapping around John to keep him close and pull him closer.
John isn’t afraid of Sherlock, not even a little bit, even though sometimes he looks like he thinks he should be. He knows Sherlock knows everything anyway, so he enjoys Sherlock’s attention instead of being scared of it like everybody else is.
John smiles at him, weary and warm. Sherlock smiles back and allows himself to drift again, safe in the knowledge that John won’t let anyone hurt him.
John grins. He has never claimed to be sane. “Give it here.”
St. Bart’s rooftop
Sherlock’s heart does a complicated little stutter at the wistful tone of John’s voice. Their eyes meet, and John looks at him like he expects Sherlock to say something, but Sherlock has no idea what that might be. He can’t say what he’s thinking, which is
Sherlock is silent for a second. “Blonde woman, divorced, recently, mark from the ring hadn’t faded yet, hair dyed, too much make-up, husband cheated on her with a younger woman. Two children, primary school…”
John types slowly, two finger system. He always misspells the same words, the plunks of his auto-correct program an odd counterpoint to Sherlock’s violin.
Lestrade looks from the picture to John, who very carefully keeps his face blank, even though his heart is beating a mile a minute. “So it’s true?”
Billy grins at him shrewdly. “Okay, out with it, what happened?”
Technically speaking, this is their first kiss. It doesn’t merit the distinction as a kiss, of course, but the entire evening has a Before and After feel to it, a dividing line in the sand for his life and for his relationship with John, something that changes them forever.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course it isn’t,” Janine says, grinning broadly. “We’re just curious.”
“Boring,” Sherlock says dismissively.
“I have to say, I’m going to miss the outfit,” John says with a cheeky wink.
The barriers between them have slowly and steadily eroded under the constant threat of being discovered, the dingy one-bedroom accomodations, the nonexistent privacy.
Sherlock bites down on an amused smile and pulls out his phone to check his emails and to signal an end to this conversation. But he finds himself watching John Watson as he walks away, leaning on his cane ever so slightly more heavily than before.
Mrs Hudson turns to the camera. “I don’t know about you, but I’ll definitely be there.”
He works at Bart’s, in A&E, and he has a girlfriend he doesn’t love, and he got a dog. He’s got a ten month old baby at home, and he tells Sherlock to go fuck himself with so much venom it nearly burns Sherlock’s skin. He’s not angry and desperately happy, he’s just angry, deeply betrayed, and when he says he will never forgive Sherlock, Sherlock believes him.
“It’s a perfect bake, what more do we want?” Moran asks, gesturing at the little spoons.
The thug backs off and Sherlock is a bit weak-kneed afterwards.
“Sherlock,” John says into the quiet of the night.
He sets it down on their small rickety table and Billy starts wolfing down the food with his hands, showing no finesse whatsoever. Sherlock and John watch him eat in silence. John looks over at Sherlock questioningly, and Sherlock gets up from the bed, casually sauntering over to the door to their room, leaning against it. John raises a questioning eyebrow and nods in Billy’s direction, but Sherlock only grins and says nothing.
It’s a simple Wordpress site, generic, and nearly blank.
Sherlock’s mood sours somewhat when he notices John isn’t waiting for him in front of 221, and his mood goes completely to shit when he notices the knocker on 221 is as straight as an arrow. That can only mean one thing. So he fortifies himself with a deep breath and goes upstairs to meet his brother.
But John has learned that prodding Sherlock about anything results in Sherlock rolling into a prickly ball of sarcastic remarks and sharp insults, so John says nothing, asks no questions, just sits on the sofa and listens to Sherlock hide his heart again until he falls asleep.
Irene, Janine, and Molly are at the second cup of tea stage of breakfast when he joins them in the dining room.
“Don’t pretend you’re not Instagramming every moment of this,” Sherlock poits out as he positions his own camera perfectly.
John grabs Sherlock’s arm. “What do we do now?” he asks, scanning the treeline.
It takes Sherlock six days to track John to a small family practice in rural Yorkshire.
Something twists in John’s chest. Something deep and fond and quiet, something that’s been there so many years that sometimes John forgets about it. Something that says,
“Okay, well, see you in a few, then.”
“Um, Jim. You realise we won’t air any of this, right?”
He untangles himself from John’s grip and steadies himself.
“Yeah, thanks, Molly, I’ll be right out.”
“The filling is bland, and the dough is far too chewy,” Donovan continues, gesturing at the bake.
Working with his hands, the dough between his fingers, does wonders for his nerves. It tethers his body and focuses his mind on the here and now, on the immediacy of the moment.
his brain helpfully supplies.
“I’ll ask Billy and the Irregulars to help,” John adds, and Sherlock nods.
John wonders briefly what it must be like to be Sherlock, to be relatively rich and well-connected and so brilliant that anything you want is not only materially possible, but one hundred percent achievable. And he also wonders if Sherlock will ever be happy here, in this small world where none of what he just said is possible.
“How did you get the pig?”
Sherlock weighs a stone in his hand and just so stops himself from grinning back. “Well, fine.”
The Fey’a blindfold him so he won’t find his way back to their home, which is entirely unnecessary, given that it’s dark and the air is filled with smoke. Some of the Fey’a stay behind to douse the fire, three of them lift Sherlock between them, and one takes his arm so he’ll know where he’s going.
A noise comes from the bedroom, and then a bleary-eyed, but thankfully not entirely naked, John Watson stumbles into his kitchen, barely awake. “Do I smell coffee?” he asks, yawning and stretching. He freezes when he sees Mycroft sitting at the kitchen table, staring at him as if he’s an otherworldly apparition instead of a very normal-looking half-naked man.
"Sherlock?"
Sherlock breaks his scone in half and inhales the warm, homey smell. He breaks off a piece and spreads a bit of butter on it, which starts to melt into the scone. He puts it into his mouth, and closes his eyes for a moment.
John shoots him a look that clearly denotes that he doesn’t believe a word out of Sherlock’s mouth. But all he says is, “Fine. Fine.”
John nods. “All right.” He cracks a grin he doesn’t really feel. “Would be boring here without you anyway.”
For a moment, they’re all frozen, a perfect tableaux, John and Sarah, still holding hands, and Sherlock, staring at their entwined fingers with an unreadable expression. It’s a look that makes John deeply uncomfortable, and he resists the urge to pull his hand out of Sarah’s. After all, he’s not doing anything he shouldn’t. Sarah is the closest thing he has to a girlfriend, and Sherlock is his best friend.
He broke when he had to listen to John beg - anyone, God, the universe, Sherlock himself - for Sherlock’s life at his gravestone.
John looks down at his pie crust. “Patience,” he finally says with a self-deprecating grin. “Not something that comes naturally to me, admittedly, but sometimes, the most important thing you can do for a bake is just to give it time. Time to rest, to prove, to bake. Sometimes, when you’ve done all you can do, added all your ingredients, you just need to be patient and give the bake the time it needs to come together. And that’s how you get a perfect bake.”
He thinks it’s going to be fast and rough. He’s wrong. John takes his time. John is
Sorry, forgot how much you hate emojis there for a sec
he thinks. Now he wants to taste.
“How do you know?” Molly asks.
“Quiet,” Sherlock says, lips moving against John’s crotch.
Janine is complaining about the dearth of handsome men at the wedding. “So unfair,” she sighs. “The two most good-looking men came here together.” She gestures at Sherlock and John.
For a moment, he catches his reflection in the mirror as he washes his face. He looks like a ghost, even more than he normally does. He combs a hand through his hair and decides he might as well try for a shower.
Good sex, which he has been thinking about more than he would like to admit. He’s also been thinking about John in the parking lot, cutting him down to size, and Sherlock genuinely can’t remember the last time that happened, and he can’t believe how little he minds.
Sherlock turns around and gestures between them. “I told you, nothing happening here. It was fun, it’s over. You’re just a distraction I can’t afford. Case in point, I lost today, and I really shouldn’t have. So go away, and leave me alone.”
John is still staring at Sherlock, rooted to the spot. Sherlock looks like he spent the last day and a half playing a rough and tumble game of rugby. His clothes are dirty, his hair is tousled and there’s an excited gleam in his eyes. “John, would you fetch Billy something to eat, please?” Sherlock repeats, and in an unobserved moment, he actually winks at John.
Mrs Turner grins into the camera. “Oh, I like that. I need to be careful not to get drunk on power.”
“She was pregnant,” Sherlock points out, for the ten thousandth time, and it annoys him that he has to talk John into forgiving Mary even now that she’s dead.
Sherlock scrolls to the end of the post and types.
“So all I have to do is taste cake and decide which one I like best?” Neela asks, looking sceptically between the two slices of cake and Sherlock, who’s pointing the camera at her.
Sherlock might have pulled John out of a depressive spiral, but John’s impact on Sherlock’s life is more akin to an asteroid, and Sherlock only realised when he was away from John how much his view of who and what he is has changed since he met John. It’s like John redefined the lines and angles of Sherlock Holmes just by looking at him like he did - still does, really - like he’s amazing, brilliant, mad but in a good way. Sherlock wanted to be this person so very, very much, and he stepped into the empty space beside John as easily as John fit himself into the hollowed-out parts of Sherlock’s life, and they formed a whole - SherlockHolmesandDr.Watson.
Sherlock scrolls down. “Oh, this is even better. purtybitches would like you to know that they’re ‘up to anything, will travel. Bring whipped cream.’ You were right, your comments are worse than mine.”
“Of course,” Mary immediately says and hands John a shot of vodka. “Just one, you’ve got rehearsals in the morning, and we need at least one sober stage manager.”
Sherlock closes his eyes and enjoys John’s warmth against him. “Nothing. Just Gregson being a pest and sending me job offers I won’t take.”
He parks his car and unloads his equipment. The fog hangs low in the trees, and the grass and ground are wet with dew and mist. It’s cold, and he knows the chances of them seeing any sun today are almost nonexistent. It doesn’t matter, though, because Sherlock will spend all day in a tent heated by headlights and ovens.
“John, help me out here,” Sherlock turns to John for confirmation. “You agreed with me at the time.”
Billy looks thoroughly unimpressed. “And you didn’t like it?” he asks, still apparently unsure what the fuss is about.
They make their way out of Beijing by bus, taxi, and foot, then sneak onto a cargo train.
She looks down at her hands, her entire body language screaming uncertainty, from her lowered gaze to the slight fluttering of her wings.
There’s a pregnant pause, and John decides he’s heard quite enough. He yawns and rubs his eyes, pretending to wake up, and Mr. Musgrave orders both of them to bed.
For a moment, John is silent, considering. He knows for a fact that Sherlock is an obnoxious, irritating know-it-all, but he’s also the boy who tracked down a pickpocket for John and talked him down from an embarrassing panic attack. With Sherlock, John knows he’s always going to have to take the good with the bad. Fortunately, the good is worth the bad. “All right,” he says, accepting the unspoken apology.
Sherlock nods, and together they step into the fog again.
him, that Sherlock wants him, as unbelievable as it is at times. “I wasn't sure of you, then. I wasn’t sure of anything back then.”
Mary smiles at him affectionately. “All right. But just one.”
Time slows to a crawl. Sherlock’s heart is beating very loudly and very fast. John swallows. His eyes are wide and uncertain.
Mycroft doesn’t wait for him to finish; they both know how that sentence would end. “You’re a weakness, Dr Watson. If it hadn’t been for you, this entire charade could have been avoided. I’m sure I could have convinced Sherlock to accept Mrs Hudson’s and DI Lestrade’s death as necessary sacrifices for the sake of the nation. But you... “ Mycroft pauses for effect, the dramatic tosser. “Your loss was something my brother wasn’t prepared to accept under any circumstances.”
“You could ask Emma about sponsoring. The show must have sponsoring partners. Product placement, that sort of thing. Maybe the BBC could get you in touch with some of them,” John ventures. “These muffins are appalling, by the way.”
“I was going to say no,” Sherlock says, still turned to the window, letting his violin sink away from his chest. “Six years ago. I got the offer, and I was going to turn it down, because I wanted to stay in London. I wanted to stay with you.”
“Jim, you did well.”
Sherlock nods his acknowledgement and picks up his box, entering the tent through one of the side entrances.
Sherlock closes his eyes and curses himself for an idiot. Of course John heard his entire exchange with Irene this morning in the rehearsal room. And of course it would have hurt him. Of course the mistake he was referring to was him mistakenly thinking that sleeping with John and being in love with him were two entirely different things, but for John it must have sounded like he was dismissing the entire relationship as an error.
Sherlock jumps and looks around. A man is standing there, a mug in one hand, leaning on a NHS issued cane with the other. He looks mildly curious, and somewhat amused. He’s dressed in loose jeans and a plaid button-down, and his blond hair is short and military neat. He’s also obviously not one of the crew, so Sherlock guesses he’s met his first competitor. Not that he thinks of any of these amateurs as serious competition.
John looks away from Greg’s compassionate gaze. “It was a long time ago,” he says, but he knows his voice lacks conviction. Truth be told, he doesn’t even really know whether he’s dreading seeing Sherlock again or whether he’s wildly curious, it’s all a jumbled mess of disquiet in his stomach. But then again, that’s just the way Sherlock used to make him feel back in the day, arse over ears and butterflies.
“Well, you see, Sherlock, I....” Mr Chatterjee gives an audible sigh on the other end of the line. “This is difficult. I like you. You’re a nice boy, and I respect you as a baker. You would have done great things with my cafe.”
Silently, he goes downstairs and hovers in the door, watching John as he beats egg whites until they stiffen and then folds them carefully into his sponge mix. He sieves in the flour, all the while not looking up, though Sherlock is absolutely sure that John knows he’s there.
The denial is on the tip of Sherlock’s tongue, but then he realises how ridiculous it is to lie to himself. “They won’t kill me.”
“You both see past the surface,” Mr. Musgrove answers. “You both have the remarkable gift of seeing things the way they truly are, despite outward appearances.”
Billy grins, highly amused by John’s embarrassment. “All right, don’t want to offend no sensibilities, here. But you know, all the stuff you do with girls, the fun stuff, you know, hand and mouth stuff and all that, you can do that with boys, too. And there’s always the arse-”
That bed was so warm and soft and comfortable…
Sherlock rolls them so he’s lying on top of John, covering his body with his own. John shivers and hooks a leg around Sherlock’s hip, drawing him even closer. “You were right. My bake was perfect,” Sherlock says, nosing along John’s neck. “Yours was perfect too.” He bites down on the sensitive skin under John’s ear.
Sherlock swallows audibly. Now or never.
Sherlock is checking his emails on his phone when John arrives. He greets the other contestants cheerfully, then walks towards Sherlock. Halfway there he stops and sets down his duffle bag. “Oh, well, I guess that’s what I get for taking the later train,” he jokes and gestures at the workstation next to Sherlock’s. “Somebody’s on to my leeching off your superior intellect trick.”
Mr Chatterjee looks vaguely scandalised. “Why have you brought me here, Sherlock?” he asks, eyeing Janine suspiciously.
Mr Lestrade says goodbye to them, and John remembers to thank him for both of them, since Sherlock can’t ever be bothered, and then Mrs Hudson sits down at the table with them. “I’ll get you some blankets and sheets,” she says, “And tomorrow we’ll see what we’ll do for clothes for the two of you.”
When he finally thinks he won't actually cry, he turns his gaze to Sherlock's face, who looks as shell-shocked as John feels. “John,” he whispers. “I...”
“Of course. Show must go on and all that. I’ll be there in five minutes anyway.”
It’s still raining when Sherlock is done with reactions and packing up. The crew are already dismantling the workstations, and Sherlock walks the short stretch to the hotel to get his overnight bag from storage.
“John, what’s your house supposed to be?”
“John!” Sherlock calls after him before he can stop himself.
In the clear, cool, sober daylight, Sherlock sometimes looks at John and tries to see what he saw that night. But John doesn’t look warm and dangerous anymore, even though he is, and he doesn’t seem like the only fixed point in the universe anymore, though Sherlock suspects he still might be.
“What?”
That French bakery on Sussex Place? Half an hour?
“Again, I must have missed the many times you told me we should go back, that it’s dangerous and that you don’t want to be there,” Sherlock answers, snidely. “Really, John, if you want to be a hypocrite, at least be honest about it.”
“My wedding is in ten weeks, you arse! This morning, Janine dumped this giant binder into my lap. Everything in it is my job. So fucking linen or silk, John?”
But John… nothing of what he feels for John is anything like what he feels for Molly, or Lestrade, or Mrs Hudson. For one thing, he misses John very much when he isn’t around, and he can go literal years without seeing any of his other friends without feeling that hollow longing feeling he had when he was away. Also, he never much cared what they thought of him, and sometimes he feels like his entire self-worth is based on what John thinks about him. Objectively, he doesn’t see why that should be so, because John is neither especially perceptive nor extraordinarily clever.
Because somewhere deep inside, Sherlock knows that Mycroft is cleverer than him. Mycroft has all of his abilities of observation and deduction, but in addition to that, Mycroft has some qualities that Sherlock knows he lacks.
Sherlock kills his first man in Beijing. In fact, he kills several.
Sherlock shakes his head. “I know. But I want to…” he trails off and looks at John. “I want you to understand…” he gestures helplessly between them.
There’s a polaroid tucked into the last written on page, with all the bakers grinning into the camera, holding up their cakes.
Sherlock gestures to the clinic upstairs. “As soon as Molly is done assisting Dr. Sholto. Apparently living patients are a priority.”
“Fuck,” John breathes. “You’re ridiculously hot, do you even know that?”
“I know. But he’s my mentor, he taught me so much, and he’s having a rough time of it with the divorce.”
“How inconsiderate of Molly,” John says with a grin to let Sherlock know he's joking.
Bread week isn’t nearly as boring as Sherlock thought it would be.
He finishes his meal and is relieved when Mike shows them to their rooms. To John's surprise they actually have their own bedrooms. There are about fifty bedrooms in the house, and the boys don’t occupy the servants’ quarters, they’re housed in the guest bedrooms, which all have huge four-poster beds, heavy, ancient furniture, their own fireplaces and, of course, thick blackout curtains. His room has a maroon colour scheme, and it’s cosy, though somewhat intimidating.
Sent: 5:38 am
“So,” John says, “You like Dorothy Sayers?
, they don’t stroll through Regent’s Park at dusk. They bake, and they have sex. That’s it.
“I want…” he pants into John’s ear, biting at his neck.
Set near the end of TST
He closes his eyes and lets himself drift for a bit.
Mrs. Hudson gets up and rummages around in an ancient dresser. She pulls out something and hands it to him.
“Friends. I don’t have friends,” Sherlock bites back viciously, glaring at John.
Sherlock closes his eyes and thinks of last night. John came over around three in the afternoon, and they spent hours in the kitchen, baking biscuits, tasting, refining recipes. John is terrible at constructing a gingerbread house, and Sherlock helped him, and by the end they were both sticky and covered in icing sugar because John dropped the bowl. They ended up having sex against the wall of Sherlock’s shower, Sherlock’s soapy fingers teasing at John’s arse while John was wanking them off with one hand twisted in Sherlock’s hair. Afterwards, John borrowed Sherlock’s dressing gown and Sherlock made them simple breakfast muffins with a sourdough base, rashers of bacon and a sunny-side up egg in the middle. They ate the muffins and drank tea sitting on Sherlock’s sofa. John switched on the telly to some movie and they watched it in comfortable silence. John fell asleep right there on the sofa, and Sherlock tucked a blanket around him, and then curled his body around John’s and felt a heavy-limbed, quiet contentment that should have alarmed him but somehow didn’t.
“Mrs. Hudson,” he says, hoping his voice doesn’t sound as awful as he feels. “Can I show this picture to Sherlock?”
Sherlock looks up from where he’s been watching the patterned swirl of Victor’s latte. “I rather think it should be the other way around.”
“Sherlock!” John yells after him, even though he has no earthly idea what to say or do or think.
He goes back to his experiment, but when his phone chimes five minutes later, he has no memory of what he was even looking at through the microscope.
Sherlock looks at John, morning paper in front of him, buttered toast on his plate, breadcrumbs sticking to his lower lip, sitting there in his black-and-white pyjamas, his hair still unruly from bed, looking pleased and a little amused because he spiked Sherlock’s tea with antibiotics and Sherlock is drinking it anyway, even though they both know Sherlock knows. And suddenly Sherlock almost can’t breathe because he feels his throat constrict and his heart beat faster and his stomach clench.
“All right,” Sherlock starts. “From her clothes and her hands it’s obvious that she’s a charwoman who lives near the river, so start there, and…”
They’re quiet for a few minutes, waiting, waiting, waiting. John fucking hates waiting. “This is my fault, you know,” he says.
Instead he goes back to his empty flat and goes to bed alone, wondering which of his bad decisions will haunt him this time.
John smiles into the darkness. “What about you? What do you want?”
If anything, Kitty looks even more terrified than before.
Finally, finally, John reaches down to palm Sherlock’s cock through his pants, and it’s almost enough to make Sherlock come, but then John unzips Sherlock’s pants and takes out his cock, and oh god, John knows exactly how Sherlock likes to be touched, and oh god, his hands, his fucking doctor-hands, so good, so good, so very good. Heat sparks everywhere in his body, and his toes curl, and then thought goes through the window and he’s coming in long, exhausting spurts all over John’s hand, all the while whispering, “John, John, John,” against John’s neck, until slumping down, feeling like he’s a puppet whose strings were cut and he’ll never move again.
John loves saving Sherlock’s life. In the big ways, and the small.
“Can you prove it?” Donovan challenges, and Sherlock just glares. She glares right back.
“Your parents must have been furious with your gran that she let you do this.”
“They’re keeping her overnight, but Janine said she can probably go home tomorrow. She was lucky.”
John shrugs and rubs a hand over his face. Right now, he has no idea why he did any of the things he’s done over the last year and a half. “Guess I wanted to give our daughter an outside chance of remembering your face,” he finally says, because that’s as good a reason as any.
John almost snorts out the tea he was sipping. “Literally?”
He turns to Sherlock, grinning from ear to ear. “Thank god.”
Yes? - SH
He opens his eyes.
“What happens when we get to the airfield?” Irene asks, carefully neutral. Technically speaking, he should turn her over to his brother. They both know that he won’t.
“I was just thinking that adrenaline makes you hungry,” Sherlock says, grateful for the opportunity to start talking again, about anything other than what’s on his mind, which is,
Sherlock admits that John has a point and lets his body relax. John's bed is small and uncomfortable, but Sherlock is warm and sated and tired, and incongruently happy.
“The producers. I told them not to mention it.”
“This is the best thing I’ve had in this competition so far,” Sally says after a moment of silence.
He regrets it in Kiev.
He opens the email, wondering what she could possibly want. They met about a year ago in a tedious seminar about monetising social media accounts and both left an hour in, bored out of their minds. They went for coffee and had a somewhat decent conversation. That was their only face-to-face interaction, but he’s kept up with her on social media and she’s done the same with him. They’ve even exchanged the occasional comment, but that’s as far as their relationship extends.
Donovan and Lestrade agree. “Very original, very well done.”
The building has obviously been abandoned for some time. John watches for a few moments from the other side of the street, but can’t see anything. He takes the long way around to the alley behind the house and very much hopes that he’ll notice Sherlock lurking
John just stares at him, apparently beyond words. Then he grabs Sherlock’s arm and pulls him towards John until Sherlock’s stumbled into John’s personal space, still on his knees.
Sherlock underestimated John. Again.
Sherlock wants to kiss him. It comes out of nowhere and settles in his guts, a sort of hunger, to taste that smile, right now.
“He is what happens when all the accumulated Whitehall stuffiness assumes human form,” Sherlock bites out.
Sherlock looks grim. “That depends on the state she’s in when we find her.”
The email comes in on a rainy Thursday in late March. Sherlock has been home for a few hours, and he’s tired. Rehearsals were exhausting. He’s playing Henry V, and they’ve been doing fight choreography for a solid week now.
“This week was tough, I’ll be honest,” Lestrade starts the announcements. “We argued for a long time. In the end, it came down to what each of us thought was more important, the difficulty and technical proficiency of the bake, or the fit for the theme of the episode.”
John shrugs and starts unpacking his gear. “Couldn’t be helped. Mary picked me up from the Swindon train station, and her car broke down halfway. I’m just glad she knows how to change a tire, I’m completely useless about cars.”
“Well, I was sorely tempted to say raspberry lube, but I just told her to get you some of that ridiculously expensive shampoo you like.”
“You passed out two minutes after we left the airfield, Sherlock. You’ve been out for over 36 hours. You think I put in an IV line for the fun of it?” John gestures at the IV bags. “So I don’t know if you were trying to kill yourself and failed, or if you thought you were taking a calculated risk and were okay with that outcome, but it was still incredibly, actively, forcefully stupid!”
Mr Chatterjee smiles sadly. “Yes. Please.”
The curator shakes his head. “No.”
Suddenly, without any warning, the lights come back on, and the elevator lurches, then starts moving again.
It’s raining. Their attic room is cold and the rain pelts a staccato rhythm against the roof over their heads. John is so very, very tired. He’s trying to read, but he’s had a long day. He’s had a long couple of weeks, to be precise.
“You have a bespoke Armani suit lying around at home?” Mary asks. Then she grins. “Perfect. Silk or Linen?”
John kisses him again, winding a demanding hand into Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock falls head-first into the kiss, fingers gripping John’s jumper at his back, all the many reasons why this is a bad idea wiped from his mind by the sweep of John‘s tongue against his.
Groans and laughter follow, and when everybody has calmed down somewhat, Sherlock says, “Sometimes mistakes do make things funnier. We were nearing the end of the run of this wildly farcical comedy where, at a pivotal moment in the play, my co-star and I were bound to chairs, back to back. We’re in the middle of the scene, and our gangster boss comes in and asks for the MacGuffin of the play. Suddenly, my co-star starts rocking the chair and wriggling. I’Ve got no idea what he’s doing, of course, so I’m just trying not to fall off that chair while looking like this is all perfectly normal and we’ve done this every night for six months. Suddenly, he’s free of the ropes and he runs off stage.”
“Not food poisoning bad, but when it’s old it doesn’t do what it’s supposed to anymore,” John inserts. “As I learned the hard way when I was trying to impress my school dance date. I promised her home-made croissants, and I used yeast from our cupboard that might as well have been there since World War II. They didn’t rise, so they were tough and dry as dust. Which significantly set back my plan of getting into her knickers.”
When he wakes up, there’s a man sitting in his chair, gun casually trained on John.
John turns around and spots him, and his face breaks into a brilliant, yet oddly private, smile. Sherlock ignores the unhelpful fluttering in his stomach and the inconvenient ache in his chest and goes over to join the other contestants.
She pats his cheek. “You’re a dear boy,” she says, smiling at him. “I’m glad you came to stay with me. Both of you,” she nods in the direction Sherlock disappeared to. “He’s an odd one, that boy. But you can tell his heart’s in the right place.”
He spent the last two years wanting Sherlock back so much it sometimes felt he could make it happen just by wishing for it hard enough.
“Yes,” Sherlock says without hesitation. He is all too familiar with the siren call of self-destruction.
Sherlock has to close his eyes against the complicated emotion twisting through his entire body, then moves down John’s body and loses himself in lust once more.
Billy’s squatting in a run-down house by the river with a few of his friends, a band of street kids from ten to eighteen who call themselves the Irregulars. Most of them are orphans, others ran away from homes that made them wish they were orphans.
John sighs and looks at him searchingly. “Look,” he says, gently, “if you genuinely don’t want to do it because it doesn’t interest you artistically, I won’t mention it again. But don’t turn down opportunities like this because of me. That’s not a strategy for long-term happiness.”
Sherlock grimaces, but John elbows him and he keeps quiet.
John gets up immediately, his anxiety returning full force. “Yes. How is she?”
He opens the comment window before he can talk himself out of it.
Filming starts on a Saturday in September. The producers have told them to be there at 10 am.
The door closes with a very audible click, and Sherlock has no time to process anything because John is backing him against the door and kissing him like it’s going out of fashion.
, he did with Sherlock. Sherlock was the one he came home to, talked to, fell asleep in front of the telly with.
“Poison again?” Sherlock asks, and Lestrade and Donovan both start, then look up, deeply disapproving frowns on their faces.
It occurs to him that it’s dark, the smoke makes it almost impossible to see, and he’ll never be able to transport his unconscious friend anywhere.
John bites at his neck. “I think about you when I’m bored at work, I think about what you do to me, what I want to do to you,” he whispers into Sherlock's ear before taking the lobe into his mouth. “I miss you so fucking much, I miss your stupid violin and your silences and the way you dissect every bloody thing I do.”
With that, he turns and walks away, and John can barely suppress a shudder. “Odd one,” he mutters and looks at Sherlock, who's staring after Moriarty with an oddly intense expression on his face. “Oi!” John snaps his fingers in front of Sherlock's face to get his attention.
“It’s… difficult to explain,” he says, and rubs a hand over his face. “It’s been an odd few days.”
Sherlock leans closer and drapes his arm around the back of John’s chair. “Want to find a quiet corner and snog?” Sherlock murmurs, making sure to ghost his breath over John’s sensitive ears.
That’s another reason John dislikes afterparties. He’s bad at coming up with polite ways of saying, ‘The play you’re in is shit.’ He was slightly forewarned by Sherlock, who’s been vocal about his dislike of the production, but he wasn’t prepared for it to be this bad.
“I’ll win tomorrow, you’ll see.”
“So you know a lot about the Fey’a.”
John gets up, pulls on his dressing gown and goes downstairs, trying to be quiet in the event that Sherlock is actually asleep.
“My sense of self-preservation is the one in charge right now,” John answers, wiping his damp palms on his trousers. But he does admit Sherlock has a point, underneath his fear, John is fascinated. Where are they? What are these creatures? What in the name of God is going on?
Sherlock squeezes John’s hand. “Good for you.”
The tension melts from John’s body and he sags back against Sherlock with a relieved sigh. “Not much,” he mutters into Sherlock’s neck and starts biting at it. “So are you actually going to say yes, or are you going to leave me hanging here?”
Sherlock cocks his head to the side. “What
Sent: 5:12 am
“Traitor,” Mary mutters, then turns to Sally. “Sally. If not roses, then what?”
“Do you want to come around tomorrow? Have another go at that bake?”
They’re quiet for a while, but it’s the kind of silence that leads up to something, and Sherlock knows John well enough that he can almost hear the wheels turning in John’s head.
Sherlock shrugs. “Do I have a choice?”
Sherlock looks at the samples in John’s hands, and then at Mary, who’s still leaning against John, John’s arm draped casually around her.
Laughter.
“Obviously,” Sherlock says, glaring at him impatiently. “Your point?”
There is no objective reason for this. Yet he still feels like somebody has removed his very center of gravity and everything is floating, unreal, adrift. Nothing is as it was before. Nothing will ever be as it was before.
It’s been two days since he spoke to John. It’s been two days since he’s spoken to anyone, really.
Sherlock closes his eyes for a moment and nods, once, briefly, a sign that he’s listening, even though he wants nothing more than to leave, and let the words between them remain forever unspoken.
what John is thinking about.
There are a million reasons why Sherlock should say no. So of course he says yes.
“Dull,” Sherlock whispers to John.
The guardsman scratches his beard, contemplating the two of them. “Come on, then. I’ll take you to Lestrade.”
Then he goes home and sleeps.
“It was satisfying. Next time I’ll win alone, and then it will be more satisfying.”
John’s hair is still short and blond, but a bit longer than he used to wear it. He’s grown into his sturdiness, and the black t-shirt he is wearing shows off his broad shoulders and muscled arms. He’s a bit scruffy, hasn’t shaved this morning - early meeting, paint splatter on his shoes - went to check on the set,  squints lightly - should get glasses but won’t, stubbornness - and that’s another thing he remembers, suddenly, the stubbornness that made John work three days with a broken toe, and coming to work with the worst cough Sherlock has ever heard in his life.
He half expects to end up on his stomach, John behind him, fucking into him hard and insistent, pulling Sherlock’s hips back against his cock.
“So?” John asks, again wondering how obvious some of Sherlock's observations seem- after he's pointed them out. “We already know the shop was burgled.”
“Yes. Janine. What about her?”
“But why kill him?” Donovan asks. “He was just an errand boy.”
He trails off, aware that Mary, Molly and Irene, plus half the crew, are watching their interaction with interest, and that he has no idea how to finish that sentence.
She leaves him alone in her office, the mug of tea in his hand still untouched.
They greet him cheerfully and start setting up at their stations.
“Chips.” John grins. “There’s no bloody potatoes here.”
“Why did you pick the filo?” Mrs Hudson asks, dipping her tasting spoon into his mince filling.
He’s done a complete spread and run it by his homeless network, and they were all enthusiastic, but Sherlock is oddly dissatisfied. Every single piece of baked goods he made is objectively perfect, but something is missing, and he doesn’t know what it is.
