“Which is why I’m gonna be meeting up with the representatives of the British AI Empire instead. You can go to the gala while I take care of—”
Tony shrugged, and Steve held his chin up to look at him. “Hey. You’ve come a long way. You’ve got all the time in the world.”
“What was that, Tony? Your voice is muffled.”
“Anthony, cry. Please. Why are you so cruel to yourself?”
It took three weeks, fourteen therapists walking in and out of the tower, and sleepless nights in which Tony’s mental breakdowns lured his mind into a dark abyss. Some days, he would be able to sedate those thoughts and keep them at bay. Other days, he would feel hopeless. He was at constant war with himself and never truly knew whether his emotions deserve validation or not. All he knew is he couldn’t risk scaring anyone ever again, which meant he had to be all smiles and typical casual snark around everybody. And of course, they saw right past him, they just refused to pressure him into talking about it especially when he has already made the progress of admitting to his need for therapy.
“—this has always been important. Jesus, Tony. You’re a goddamn businessman—”
, shaves and trims around his goatee with much precision and care, trims his hair to perfection, and picks out the most expensive and flattering suit he owns, as well as the MIT hoodie and sweatpants he would have to change into for his meeting in the afternoon, drenches his suit and senses in strong cologne, and covers his under-eye circles with high end makeup.
“This is important, too.”
Steve watched as the colonel stared at Tony’s uninterested and scornful face before casually asking, “How was therapy?”
“Nah-uh.”
He and Steve both understood that his fear of human touch was rooted in its intimacy. It scared Tony to no end that he may never be as intimate as how he desired to be, especially with the feelings he developed for the soldier. “It’s not fair to you,” Tony cried. “It’ll never be fair to you.”
“Ah! Anthony Stark!” the man let out a faux beam of excitement.
And here it was again. The black cloud that promised a storm if he says the wrong thing, and he immediately bowed his head down and shut his mouth because he can’t afford to ruin this. The genius seemed to understand where he had meant to go with this, and he lifted the soldier’s chin as he looked up to him. “You’re nothing like what he has described you to be. Thank you for proving him wrong,” his thumb traced over Steve’s lips until the curves lifted up in a shy smile. “Now tell me. What did you wanna say?”
to hear the response
“Only if you do.”
“Yeah, yeah. But it’s the only thing keeping him alive. Without it, the shrapnels lost in his chest will get to his heart and mince it. It’ll be a very slow and painful death...” Bruce shuddered and so did Steve.
Steve couldn’t help but chuckle to himself whenever Tony rolled his eyes at a move the pair of assassins would take, and just a few moves in, the assassins’ jaws dropped as Tony smirked. “Checkmate.”
“Oh, Anthony. Don’t you remember? Don’t you remember me?” the man fake cooed. “You’re gonna break my heart.”
“Mute.”
He didn’t know what to do when Tony started teetering on the edge of panic. He didn’t even know what triggered it. They were sketching robots together and talking about Thor’s long absence, which led to speaking about Loki, which led to speaking about the battle of New York, which led to—
“Hey! No fighting! YOU, quit bothering your baby brother.” He jumped out of the car and walked out to the bots, who settled their differences and excessive excitement in their rush to hug the engineer. Dum-E whirred and clasped the handles of its arms in a pattern that Tony somehow understood, and he giggled when the handles clasped against his cheek—mimicking a kiss.
“Beat their asses in chess,” JARVIS said smugly. Tony laughed as Clint’s jaw hung open and he looked up to the ceiling, “Oh, screw you, JARVIS! And here I thought you were the coolest AI ever.”
“Ayo, Stark! What do you have to say to the rumors claiming SI is in bed with the government?”
They went through more and more tapes, and they weren’t that different. More beatings, more insults, more comparisons and references to Steve, more visits from Peggy, Tony caving in on himself more and more with every tape, and Jarvis trying to hold the broken boy together. In one particular tape, Howard has beaten up a fourteen-year-old Tony to a literal pulp for being sent a letter from the school for talking back to a teacher. Tony was halfway through explaining that the teacher was taunting him and had humiliated him in front of his class but was immediately shut down with punches and kicks until he was left on the floor of Howard’s study room bloody and crying silently. The teenager took a few minutes to get up successfully after and limped his way out of his father’s space.
“My babies. My children. My loves. I missed you all so so much,” Tony said when he pulled into the tower’s garage and saw his collection of expensive cars.
“No, I have to. I have to know what lies he has fed his son’s head with.”
Tony wanted to ask. Instead, he asked “Are you guys alright? It feels like something’s off. With you guys.”
But there was no war and he wasn’t a soldier. He was the Merchant of Death, and he realizes that no debt would be hefty enough to hold him accountable for all the destruction he has caused.
Their looks of pity throughout the days confirm it all. No wonder why they have been acknowledging him and interacting with him. They’ve been friendly. They’ve been talking in hushed voices and keeping him company. This wasn’t the case back in the tower—back before they knew what they now do. Back then, it was
The painful reminders of said years stood right above the fireplace where the tapes burned. They were pictures of his parents, young and happy. He could easily admit that he loathes his father, but saying so about his mother felt heavy on his heart. He couldn’t say he loved her, either. After all, you can’t love someone you don’t know. He remembers the last time he has seen her, just a few hours before she left off on the trip to death alongside her husband.
Tony cooked while Steve stood to the side to hand him things from cupboards the genius was too short to reach as the team sat on stools by the table.
“Nightmare,” he muttered as his eyes sought after the blue light emitting from the engineer’s chest.
“In all my glory,” Tony smirked and took a seat as head of the table. On either side were Rhodey and Steve, who Tony longed for resting his head on his warm chest again.
They came over a tape from
His words are interrupted by a scream, and Steve’s eyes shut tightly at the painful sound. “WHY. AREN’T. YOU. FIGHTING. ME. BACK?!” each word is followed by a punch to the Captain’s chest. Steve feels cold, cold,
Steve watched as Tony moved accordingly. At some point, he got knocked down and Natasha took the opportunity to teach him how he could escape a chokehold. At first, Steve sat on the edge of his seat as he anticipated the worst, but Tony's eyes were filled with determination and brilliance. He followed through the redhead's words and was able to escape as well as land a punch on her.
“Hey, Steve? I think I might do something stupid.”
“Steve? Oh my god, Steve! Steve!” she cried. “I missed you so much! Oh my god! Oh my god, Howard! You did it! You found Steve!”
“Wha—really?” Steve smiled at Tony’s reflection in the rearview mirror.
Steve understood.
“Don’t worry about it. You okay?”
“Thank you, Tony,” Thor whispered as he smiled back. “You are man not just of iron, but of gold, too. I will never forget this.”
His therapist has basically drilled it into his head that he doesn’t owe people anything for simply tolerating him, and he did try to practice the art of saying “No” and of not feeling bad about it, as well as learning how to shamelessly change his mind even if it meant leaving people hanging.
“Fuck it,” he muttered and entered the yellow hued room. The man was tied to a chair in the exact middle of the room dressed in all black.
Tony nearly gasped at the sight of the God of Thunder’s tears rolling down right before his eyes. All he ever saw on the God’s face were either smiles or wrath upon enemies.
“That’s still not looking too good,” Fury points to Tony’s neck where angry purple patterns start forming yet again.
“Yes. Oh my god, yes. Yes, you can touch me.”
But he slipped. Again.
Steve is taken aback for a solid second, but it passes by quickly and is replaced by a nod and a tight grimace. Tony’s blood is not boiling, it’s simmering on a dangerously low heat.
please comment your thoughts!!
“Stay up with us and find out,” Tony said with a smile, and Steve nodded right away.
“What’s Hannah Montana?” Steve asked innocently, and Clint explained it.
Steve was utterly convinced that absolutely nothing could make this day any better. He was crying tears of joy upon being proven wrong when Tony looked into his baby blue eyes and whispered, “I love you.”
Steve watched on amusedly before Tony hopped off the counter to sign papers Pepper has practically pinched his ear to sign, and when he did so with a stomp of his feet, she smiled and kissed his cheek with a loud “Mwah!” to which Tony groaned loudly at as she left. He walked over to the blonde in the red hoodie. “Come with me.”
“No. I don’t think that’s the price it takes to prove strength or whatever. That’s just what people who have never went through shit say to traumatized people just to spare themselves the trouble of comforting them. But let’s agree that what you went through doesn’t automatically make you weak. And we don’t think you’re weak.”
He shot out of his seat. The only thought grounding him and keeping him sane in the moment is the meeting he had to be at in just a few minutes.
Tony looked over the double glass of the room. He gulped and let out a shaky breath. He should be relieved that the man confessed to everything. Clearly, getting caught is the least of his concerns when he had already accomplished what he wanted. But he was keeping something from Tony, and the genius couldn’t quite figure it out, or perhaps he was afraid to.
Thor had a floor of his own above Bruce’s, to which they skipped over until the god would be here to see it for himself. They went straight to a floor much higher up in the tower than the others—floor #87.
Steve, Bruce, and Thor watched with much amusement as Natasha and Clint played against Tony. They all sat in the dining table with Tony being at the head of it. They had nothing better to do, and Tony suggested they play board games that he went to pick up from his old room. They didn't comment when the genius came out almost one hour later shaking and tapping against the arc reactor nervously.
Howard’s lab came into view. He set the camera up and clapped his hands together.
He felt something on his face for a few seconds and—
“You think?” Rhodey fired back bitterly. “You were fucking cruel. But I should’ve fucking known it. Every fucking time I’d come to the tower, the tower that he named after y’all ungrateful fucks, he’d be alone in his lab. Always. I have never seen y’all near his floor ever. The only time you care is after you watch those fucking tapes. And you wonder why acting like you guys care all of the sudden is a tough pill for him to swallow?”
“Nooo,” Tony whined. “Wanna hear them.”
“What do you have to say about being labelled the Avengers’ whore?”
“Oh, Steve. You should’ve seen how Howard was like the entire time you weren’t found. His poor son was always on the receiving end of his frustrations,” Peggy said with a frown, and Steve found himself frowning too because he knows this isn’t part of Peggy’s ill mind’s misconception of reality. “Keep an eye out on that boy for me, eh? He’s so smart and has such a big, kind heart. Look! He made me this for my birthday once!” She said as she showed off a watch, and he recalled it from that one tape he had watched. It seemed to still work just fine as Peggy showed off the hologram the watch had displayed. “I’ve been wearing it ever since he gifted it to me. He’s such a sweetheart. You’ll love him, Steve.”
"Man, I always knew you were cool. I mean, come on! You're Tony Stark. America's heartthrob. And I don't know. I guess I let my perception of you become something more until it became all I knew you as. I guess I just sorta followed with whatever the media spoke of you, and for that, I'm truly sorry. I really, really am." Tony gulped and nodded.
Steve stood to leave, but not before saying “I’m sorry, Tony.”
Tony took the paper back and suppressed the need to draw in another breath. A few seconds later the paper was flipped back to the team.
Tony laughed in delight as if Steve had told him an amusing story. Steve’s eyes widened slightly in horror of how comfortably detached and numb the brunet he was holding onto has become.
and Steve’s eyes softened at how adorable he looked.
“You don’t belong here either,” Tony said, and Steve’s eyes softened. “Technically, I do,” Steve argued.
“Yeah, well, your family’s tired,” Tony finished his doughnut and wiped at his hands and mouth. “Nothing’s really working out in my favor, y’know? Everything’s pointless.”
brushes against the boy’s thighs or resting a warm hand on the boy’s chest where his thumb would purposely rub against a nipple into hardness and sensitivity, and Tony’s blood would drench in guilt and shame and absolute pleasure. He would ask—
“Tony? You mind if I stay here with you?” the Captain says and Tony stands up from his crouched position because he can’t afford to feel too small in the moment. The hairs of his body stand with him, too. He stares at the blonde for a few seconds.
Soon, they had to leave. Tony kissed his Aunt’s forehead and wrinkled hands with the promise of coming back again, and Steve did the same.
“I’m so in love right now,” Tony whispered as he leaned in, and Steve felt the passionate, deep kiss warm his heart.
"You... you were the only one who treated me normally. You weren't constantly on edge on whether I'd hulk out or not. You just let me do my thing and took me for who I am," Bruce paused to smile with gratitude at Tony and his eyes glistened over with hot tears. "I don't think I'll ever recover from hearing your heart stop on me. God, I was terrified. Even the Hulk was terrified and crying in my head. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry I didn't pay attention. And I'm so sorry for every harsh word that came out of me in moments of anger." The Hulk's voice laced with Banner's and he said "Sorry, Tin Man. We protect you now. Hulk promise." Tony let out a sweet, watery giggle and nodded his acknowledgment.
“Sore loser,” she muttered as she stuck her tongue out at the genius, who simply scrunched his face and stuck his tongue back at her. Steve watched on with amusement as they lightheartedly argued over who’s the MVP of virtual basketball for a solid fifteen minutes, before Tony had to eventually focus on soldering wires together.
His body convulsed and rebelled against his actions, but he kept a tight grip on the arc reactor until he felt his body slump and saw the glowing blue die slowly with him. He hoped that the smile on his lips doesn’t die away, too.
Another tape.
When they reached the communal kitchen, Tony hopped off Rhodey’s back and squeezed himself between Clint and Bruce as they cooked traditional Italian food and looked at the two as though they were not real. “You guys cooked my favorite food?”
“I just think you don’t deserve to waste it.”
On the nights when Steve wouldn’t be able to sleep, he’d wind up in the communal kitchen. Tony was on his way to check up on the soldier after JARVIS had told him that the Captain appears to be crying. He had meant to walk in there and do whatever it takes to comfort the crying soldier, but he stopped dead in his tracks upon peeking his head and catching a glimpse of a black and white photo in his hands that he knew all too well—a picture of Captain America alongside Howard Stark.
“We were stupid,” Natasha whispered. “We were so fucking stupid.”
“Do what, Captain?”
“Captain, Sir has arrived. Should I tell him to come here?”
“I’ll visit you later today, okay? I’m handling the press and everything. Don’t worry, SHIELD’s medical team are helping me keep everything as confidential as possible. The Avengers, too. I’ll see you again. Love you.”
“Nobody knows of this place?” Steve asked.
He walked in on the gym again, and Tony’s eyes immediately landed on the soldier. He excused himself out of the ring and went over to the baby blue eyed man.
“Fury? He wants us back already?” Steve asked.
“What the fuck was it?”
“Five... four... three... two... one!”
“Maybe.”
“Shh, don’t mention it. Just tell me, do you need time alone or do you want me to stay with you?”
he remembers the words of Aunt Peggy and the pat on his shoulders that gave him strength upon the media’s harsh words of him as a teenager, and wishes he could take her away from that house she’s in to keep her with him forever, but he knows she wouldn’t want that, and he doesn’t know if she would be the source of his strength and patience once she starts confusing him for Howard.
He hung up and evened out his breathing before entering the room. He took a few steps in slowly as to not startle her. He stood there in front of her bed and watched as she blinked slowly at him. He never knows who she would take him for, he just knew that some days were better than others and sometimes his choice of clothing affected that, but they always ended up with her beaming
practicing anti-perfectionism
“Ladies and gentlemen and raging monsters, it is an epic moment in history. The moment where Tony Stark, THE Tony Stark, the MVP, the genius of all geniuses, the legendary Man of Iron, plays against American patriot, Nazi-puncher, and veteran Steve Rogers, who we thank for his honorable service,” Clint said in a faux narrator voice.
After a few minutes, food and coffee were put on the table, and the Avengers minus Thor who had to be in Asgard for some time gathered around to eat. Tony didn’t really have much of the food, and resorted to drinking two cups of coffee. “Tony, can you please finish your food?” Steve said when he noticed the sleepy engineer’s plate was barely touched.
“No can do. I got deadlines to meet and an angry Pepper to make things up for. It’s not fair on her.”
Clint’s eyes widened before they softened yet again. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that. I didn’t know…”
“Hey, Pep.”
“Not now, Jay,” Tony said as he started the coffee machine.
"Okay, that was excellent. Impressive, even," Natasha said with a bright smile. Warmth surged through Tony’s heart at the praise. "Now let's move onto the good stuff."
And I'm sorry. I’m so fucking sorry. You deserved to hear these words much sooner. But I've been a fool. I've been waiting on the right time. I was being selfish. Thinking about what I need to say and how to say it and how it would make me feel. Always assumed you wouldn’t need these words. But somehow I've always been vocal and quick to condemn whatever action that came out of you that I simply didn’t understand. I knew it was wrong to compare you to him. I knew it was doing nobody no good to say those things and to ask you to be more of whatever the fuck he has convinced me he was, but I still did it. You didn’t deserve that. You deserved much better. I’m sorry. But please know this. Know that I need you so fucking much. You, Tony. Because... because I—”
It’s been sixteen hours and twenty-nine minutes of SHIELD’S nurses and doctors rushing in and out of the emergency room where Tony’s surgery was held. They were able to remove just one shrapnel that got dangerously close to his heart but removing any more was a huge risk that they decided to not delve into. Bruce went inside to help the medical team, but when the heart monitors started blaring a flatline, Bruce’s skin turned a dangerous shade of green as he fell to his knees and started screaming for Tin Man to wake up, and the roar of the green rage monster was enough to have the team stand in absolute shock and denial of that god awful flatline laced with the Hulk’s roar. Rhodey had knocked on the locked doors of the room with all his might as he screamed for Tony’s heart to beat on. “You’re my family! I need you here! Please don’t go! Please wake up, Tony!”
“Jerk,” Tony muttered with a lighthearted glare. “And what do you mean ‘smells different’? I take a lotta good care of my clothes.”
“Hiding. Being alone. I know, okay? I know this is probably what you’re used to, but you can break that cycle. Today. Now.”
“Visiting hours? Tony, where the fuck—”
Steve nodded and did as he was told. After a few minutes, Tony opened the door and let Steve in again. He wore an oversized blue hoodie and black sweatpants, his hair messy as a couple of strands fell on his face, and Steve couldn’t help but swoon. “You’re so adorable.”
“You okay?”
“Yeah, it is, it is.” He didn’t even bother getting a cup of coffee. The area around the arc reactor hurt him quite badly, and random shots of pain surged through his heart every now and then. He lazily slumped against the kitchen table and groaned.
But that wasn’t Tony being a machine, that was Tony coping. That was Tony fighting for sanity. That was Tony fighting his serious case of PTSD, which he always read in the files, but never saw signs of, and therefore he completely ignored it, which is funny, isn’t it? He had the blue glow at the center of the man’s chest shine through to remind him. He had the blotches of paler skin littering Tony’s hands. He had the dark circles around Tony’s eyes. He had the harsh and ragged breaths heard taken with much difficulty often. He had the tight hugs and desperate look on Tony’s face whenever James Rhodes had to leave for months. He had the ghost of a sad smile playing on his lips whenever he asked
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony waved a hand. “Later.”
It all started when Bruce was peacefully watching Hell’s Kitchen and occasionally took notes of recipes and cooking mistakes to avoid whenever chef Gordon Ramsey started yelling. The string of clever insults said by the head-chef caught Clint’s attention, and he quickly ran off to drag Tony from his lab to join him in making a list of all the insults they could learn and use. A few hours into watching the show, they grew more educated on the cooking process, and yelled along with the host of the competition at the mistakes the contesting chefs would make.
Steve couldn’t for the love of him wrap his head around; simply because he didn’t know it. Now, he’s angry and frustrated because time seems to be his greatest enemy, always making sure he knows it as he hears the clock ticking or JARVIS’ declaration of it ringing through his ears during nights of cold panic. And all those realizations he comes to be kicked in the gut by always come up to him late,
He’d lift his eyes off his sketchbook to see Tony break something off the walls or curse at Dum-E for spraying a fire extinguisher whenever sparks start emitting from a drill. “Am I allowed to help YOU? He's struggling to get the blender to work,” Steve asked as he saw the bot splash liquid chlorophyll all over the counter. “YOU, I swear to god I’m turning you into a wine rack,” Tony muttered and saw the bot lower its arm in shame. “Yeah, you can help him.”
“Longest two days of my fucking life,” he muttered when he saw the calendar on his way to the tower from a headache inducing meeting.
“Only if you care about Jesus’ b-day, I guess.”
Some of the tapes were labeled, and they only said FOR HOWARD STARK. Steve was the one to pick, and he started off with an unlabeled tape. They all settled in on the same couch, except for Bruce who sat on the floor.
Suddenly, Tony’s body was unmoving, and Steve gasped, but Thor hummed, which was enough of a signal for him to not reach out just yet. Thor’s face scrunched in concentration and pain. Tony finally opened his eyes, but they were a bright golden color, and Steve’s breath hitched at just how beautiful he looked. Thor kept mumbling words and phrases in a language none of them understood, and Tony’s body was slowly unfolding from its tense clutch and his head started healing right before them. Tony’s golden eyes skimmed around the room, and his lips croaked a hoarse “Woah,” to which Steve sadly smiled at. Whatever Thor was showing him was clearly putting the panicking man at ease, and Steve whispered his gratitude to Thor when he pulled away from Tony’s space. The bright gold in Tony’s eyes started to dissipate, and Tony blinked a few times before he focused on the first thing he came in sight with.
Thor’s smile faltered, and his hands dropped to his sides. Tony watched as the giant man walked to the window and touched at its glass to operate it. His hand zoomed through realm upon realm, until he stopped at one that appeared to be in a state of winter. The god stood there staring at the various three-dimensional images revealed of the realm, which Tony learned is called Jutonheim. Although Tony has placed various comforting and big enough couches for the god, he sat on the floor with his legs crossed and continued staring into the icy land.
“What-fucking-ever,” Tony mumbled before he turned around again.
Steve ran his fingers through the dark hair and placed a kiss on the man’s forehead. “Thank you. Thank you so much,” he whispered.
He snaps out of his thoughts when the team urges him to follow him to the communal area to unwind. When they make it up there, Pepper greets them and continues chewing on sushi in the kitchen and scolding Tony in between bites.
He has a troubled heart, a group of misfits living under his roof, an irrational fear of sexual intimacy, a loyal best friend of many years, mental disorders that hindered his functioning, and a loving, patient partner who he loves with every inch of his fiber. The money of the world couldn’t have spared him the trauma of his past, and it couldn’t have afforded him the company of the great people he’s surrounded with in the present.
“Yeah, yeah. Okay. But are we just ignore the fact that Tony named the AI in the tower after his butler?” Clint said.
“You still earned the title of Avenger whether you accept of it or not,” Fury explained.
“Of course, you don’t. Obadiah made you drink so much. Are you sure your liver’s fine? We honestly thought you would die before we could—”
“I... I know I'm small. I don’t wanna be scared of that. I’m trying,” he said as he squeezed around Steve’s biceps. The soldier understood what this was about and didn’t mind at all.
“Yeah, you do. Your hoodies and shirts smell like that one cotton scented detergent and motor oil. Probably from how much you’ve stained them with that stuff and how you hang around here all the time. S’good,” she said as she pulled the hem of the hoodie over her face and inhaled deeply. "So yeah. Your clothes are comfy.”
He takes it further because he wants to and disconnects the kiss to place his mouth on Steve’s neck, who’s eyes droop in a haze of wonder and marvel at just how warm and good—
“And if y-you hadn’t known a-about H-Howard,” his bloodshot misty eyes locked with the Captain’s. “Y-You would’ve s-still w-wanted me to b-be him.”
Walking into the tower and seeing the bots whir and spin around enthusiastically at his presence had definitely stirred his emotions. Dum-E, especially, had wrapped its arm around its inventor with its clasps holding onto his shirt and whirred in content. "Thank you for saving me, you little snitching bastard."
Thor crouched by Tony’s side and pried the panicking man’s hands away forcefully and demanded that Steve keeps holding his hands as Tony started to flail around.
“Why not?” Tony answered quickly.
Now, he punched through the bags until JARVIS had notified him that Tony was back in the tower after the long meeting he had attended. Steve stopped and ran quickly into the bathroom to shower the sweat off, and picked out a fresh pair of gray sweatpants and the red hoodie Tony had once complimented him on. He took quick strides towards the communal area where Tony’s voice was coming from and saw as the team amusedly watch Tony argue with Pepper from the kitchen counter he was stood on.
“It kinda is. Just... sit here. Don’t do anything.”
thank you so much for reading!!! feedback is always appreciated and very much needed :)
“Shh. Coffee’s better here, trust me,” he smiled.
And this just seems to anger him more because he’s so confused and torn apart. He doesn’t know if this is a trick or if he is actually given a choice. Does he tell the Captain to leave? His mind will only start revolving around the thought that everyone will leave because they are disgusted by him. Does he tell the Captain to stay? He’ll just feel trapped and watched. There is no middle ground. But then again, anger knows no middle ground.
It was pity, and he had to watch the tapes to confirm it.
As the hours somehow went by, Steve asked, “Why this place? You have a thing for flowers?”
“What’s up, Bruce? You alright? Talk to me, buddy. You’re getting me worried,” Tony asked as he ran his fingers through Bruce’s hair.
He doesn’t know if this is a trick question or not. Obadiah’s words are still too fresh in his mind, especially after the events of the day.
initiating social gatherings
the Captain was, how
He also knows how Tony looks like when he’s about to tell a lie.
“But you were thinking it and you’re thinking of it right fucking now!” Tony’s full on yelling at this point, and it’s too late for him to contain himself now. The lava’s just eating through whatever it’s running against.
“It’s not ‘whatever.’ Not when you still feel a certain way about it.”
“You think I’ll always take the easy way out. Always cutting the wire instead of putting myself on it. You fucking think that!”
Steve blinked in surprise. “But what if she doesn’t remember me?”
The voices got clearer and clearer; like when his captors in Afghanistan had pulled at his hair to bring him up from the hot water he’d suffocate and choke on, and he’d feel his ears slowly but surely push the muffling water out of his ears, and he is just as confused as he was when he heard those men scream a language he didn’t understand because he can’t make out anything that is being said now. His mind feels dazed and hazy, and his tongue and eyelids feel heavy.
Tony often lied to himself, that much was true, but he also knew that he was tired of himself. He was tired of those screams in his head and of the images of a weak and vulnerable state of himself living in the forefront of his mind.
“Sir, I have found valuable information,” JARVIS declared. “I have located the leader of the organization, and I have sent a tip for SHIELD agents to capture him. They are currently three minutes away from his exact location.”
Tony nodded and let out a blissful sigh. “We’ll see about that, big guy.”
enjoy reading!!!
im also trying so hard to incorporate fluff here and there, but i feel like it's not working out..? i don't know? please let me know of your thoughts.
Tony loved when Steve would share with him stories or memories of his past. The soldier somehow looked much younger whenever he spoke of them. “How was she like?” Tony asked, and was all ears when the blonde’s lips naturally curled in a radiant smile as he spoke.
“Uh, yeah. Is that alright with you?”
Steve watched on amusedly as the pair engaged in harmless combat, and it seemed like Tony was holding up well to it all. He smiled proudly whenever Tony landed a kick or a punch to the redhead or whenever he deflected her attempts of attack.
Two more days.
, how
“Obadiah got you drunk for all of us. You really remember none of it?” The man raised an eyebrow in amusement. “Not even the mornings after?”
Another tape.
“No. You guys stay here. Especially you, Cap. He wants me in the tower for the night because they found a couple of bugs and JARVIS isn’t being cooperative.”
“Dude, yeah! If you want, anyway. He will keep himself locked in that lab of his, anyway. He really doesn’t like Christmas.”
“I was feeling spontaneous, sugar plum. Come on, Natalie. You’ve seen what I’m like when I get drunk. All sentimental and self-destructive, yeah? Your words, not mine. Now imagine drunk and on hard drugs. Actually, don’t imagine. That’s counterproductive. You’ve already seen that,” he sighed as the look on her face remained unshaken. Everybody else looked so... sad.
The slight breeze of March and the blue skies of the afternoon promised a beautiful spring, and Steve did enjoy the walk among the tall trees and the chirps of birds.
“Who the hell was that absolute legend who had won against you?” Clint asked with wide, curious eyes.
Tony watched in stunned silence as videos of Stark Industries missiles bombed poor cities, villages, and “Gulmira,” he whispered as he saw dead bodies get carried out of rubble and debris.
“Tony? What are you—”
“What your name would be in Russian. I can stop using it if you don’t li—”
It takes him a month after that to initiate a sexual encounter. He had talked to Steve about it, and the blonde reassured him that he would be in complete control of when things would start and end.
Tony took a deep breath as instructed and settled next to Steve on the grand couch of his art studio. He started it out how he said he would: slow and with a kiss. He wanted to feel this for what it is, which was nothing short of a safe, warm moment of intimacy. He deepened the kiss as his hands started to wander all over Steve’s body. If he’s being honest with himself, he could feel himself start to stall as his hands touched everywhere but between the man’s legs, and he was absolutely frustrated with himself. Steve sensed it and pulled away just to tell him “It’s okay. You don’t have to do this if you’re not ready, sweetheart.”
Steve looked over at Natasha who gave him a wink, and he heard Tony giggle as he caught on to it. Tony pulled on Steve to follow him by the fabric of his hoodie to the elevator. He didn’t tell Steve where exactly they were headed, but Steve figured out it was Tony’s floor, which was always quiet and... lonely.
“Got tired,” Tony admits.
***TAGS HAVE BEEN UPDATED. PLEASE HEED THEM.
Steve’s hands yearn to touch him, his throat itches to say what he has been told not to say, and his eyes want to cry in anger and despair.
The truth is that Tony insisted on not being helped when it comes to fixing the arc reactor because he wanted to shut that one voice in his mind up. He really did want to give life another chance. He wanted to see the good in it for once instead of pain. He knows he shouldn’t be alive unless it was for a reason; especially with everything he’s gone through. He seems to be cheating death way too many times for it to be simply be disregarded as a mere coincidence. He still can’t help but yearn for death, but he also yearns for a better life. He really wouldn’t be craving death all that much if his life was simply bearable.
Once the wall was devoid of any pictures, he tilted his head in appreciation of the sight. The glass shards decorated the floor, the pictures laid ripped and wrinkled alongside the sharp shards, but he was still not as satisfied. His hands weren’t shaking, they were itching for more of this.
Obadiah didn’t even stop after Tony came back from Afghanistan. Instead, he would lay Tony down and be careful not to touch his tender chest so much, but he wouldn’t stop when Tony complained his chest hurt, nevertheless.
“FIGHT BACK! I’M NOT FUCKING WEAK! I’M A FUCKING MURDERER! MERCHANT OF FUCKING DEATH! WHY AREN’T YOU FIGHTING ME?”
presence, and he’s petrified.
“I know that, but your tinkering is falling under an unhealthy coping mechanism. It has developed into an addiction to make up for the drugs and alcohol. Don’t you want to try to find something better? Something that could make you feel good?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony waved a hand. “You’re cold.”
“You don’t gotta be so sad as to sleep off your shame of being beaten in virtual basketball. It’s okay, Tony. I’ll let you win when we spar sometime again,” Natasha teased.
“Tony. Please. You can’t be alone while watching them.”
“It’s also the floor with the best view of Manhattan,” JARVIS chimed in as they came to a stop. The floor was breathtaking. It was an art studio filled with various art supplies and digital posters that changed to whatever image he asked them to be to use as a point of reference. There were traditional canvases as well as digital ones that Tony has designed appropriate brushes for. The floor was designed to look antique and modern simultaneously. There was a vinyl player on a table by a fireplace much bigger than the one Tony had installed in the communal area. The place was decorated with flowers in luxurious vases, holograms of fruit bowls, and a hologram of his shield on the wall. The star in the middle seemed to move in and out in sync with his breathing, and Steve smiled at how much thought has went into this place.
Rhodey warned) and walked in through the dimly lit lab. He walked slowly and held his breath in fear of what he might find. He heard sniffs and choked sobs come from a lit corner of the room and saw Tony’s head buried in his hands with his knees pulled to chest. Dum-E was running its clasps through the crying man’s hair, and YOU rested its arm on Tony’s knee for comfort. Butterfingers' whirs were melodious, and Steve himself found the tune soothing.
He was discharged a few days later, which was nothing short of a miracle to him. SHIELD wanted to put him under surveillance (
With his head resting against Steve’s warm chest, he could finally sleep.
“Innocent people died,” Tony seethed.
“—nic attack. Please move we’re gonna—”
“Please promise me you’ll always come back to me. Please promise me you’ll never leave,” Tony whispered. Steve’s wet hand washed the tears that came upon Tony’s face away.
“Oh my god, you’re blushing? You’re blushing! Awh, Tony you look so cute!” Steve cooed.
“How so?” Steve asked. And that’s the thing. He doesn’t know how. He just feels it. He shrugs and taps on the surface of the glowing blue symbol of life. Steve can see how nervous and on edge he is. He can tell Tony’s mind is racing with something he could say to change the subject. So he spares the man the trouble.
(See the end of the chapter for
“This is horrible,” Bruce said as he hugged his knees to his chest. “He was so scared. He looked like he was having a panic attack. Gosh, he was four. He was only four.”
“But Tony—”
“No freakin’ way! Lemme see!”
As Steve talked of how he had come awfully close to death during the mission, Tony’s hands stilled. He couldn’t help the warm tears that flooded his vision, but when Steve casually mentioned how he had kept pushing and fighting to get back home—
and Steve had to remind himself that Tony isn’t wearing the arc reactor yet.
“Yes, you did,” Bruce said. “We don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to. We can always hear you talk about it when you're ready and whenever you want to. But we are sorry you went through what you went through.”
“Tesoro,” Steve repeated with a smile.
He punched in Rhodey’s code (
talked. But how could he when all he has ever heard growing up was of how nobody wants to hear the rich kid’s sob story?
“I think I’m happy with my position,” he said, which was nothing short of the truth. Sure, it had stung a bit to be TONY STARK: NOT RECOMMENDED, but now that the words lack the NOT, it didn’t feel as extraordinary as he thought it would.
Bruce finally calmed down enough to mumble a “Thank you, Tony,” to which the engineer smiled widely (
Tony looked. How his hair looked flawlessly disheveled, how the sweat made his muscles glisten and his clothes cling tighter onto his perfectly sculpted body, how much Steve ached for him, how he looked like warmth and sunshine and everything that Steve would never dare be late for.
“Bring it on, buttercup.”
Tony fiddled with the king piece he had in his hand and held tightly on to it. “Obadiah,” he tried to say casually, but the crack to his voice gave him away.
Now, there’s a radiant smile on his lips, a light breeze running its fingers through his hair, blooming flowers, and a gorgeous man resting his head upon his lap. The warmth that engulfed him felt liberating—no constriction upon his lungs, heavy weight on his heart, or coldness. Just warmth. Just love.
“Really? How?” Bruce asked.
“I’m here, Roge—”
And if Tony was crying silently under the blankets, nobody dared to comment. They just left off with the note that if he needed anything, they were here. They will always be here.
Steve didn’t get to finish his sentence as Tony tiptoed on his feet and put two slices of bread on each side of his face. The Captain could feel the brunet’s minty breath fan over his face as he said, “What are you?”
“I don’t like when I lose to you in chess. Yeah, yeah you always win because you’re a smart bastard, but it still doesn’t change that I’m sore over being checkmated,” she said with a shrug. “How do you feel?”
“Oh, it’s on!” Tony said as he grabbed another pillow, and soon enough a pillow fight broke out. Steve had not felt such a light step to his feet before. All he felt and saw was pure bliss as pillows of silk and feather hit his face and sounds of giggles and laughs hit his heart. It was in this moment that nothing mattered to Steve but the man before him who trusted his bigness, his strength, his height, and his heart. He doesn’t know when or how, but he had tripped on his feet and landed with his back against the luxurious bed.
“I won!” Tony giggled as he landed above the smiling soldier. Steve was hyperaware of the position they were in. Tony has braced himself on his hands and knees above Steve. He was all smiles and giggles before his mind caught up to their position as well, and Steve waited for him to scurry away.
“Dude!” Clint flailed his arms in disbelief. “Do you ever lose?”
***DISCLAIMER: for some reason readers are receiving notifs that this is chapter 9. this is chapter 6 and im sorry for the issue!!
“Guys? Hello? Earth to the Avengers.”
“Ay, I do,” Tony mimicked his voice, and smiled when the god barked a laugh.
Steve saw as Tony’s face glowed with a beaming, genuine smile, and he immediately sunk into her open arms and buried his head against her shoulders. Tony was young, but in her arms, he somehow looked much younger, and Steve couldn’t help the infatuated smile that spread on his lips. “It’s me, Aunt Peggy. I missed you so much.”
“Please don’t,” Bruce whispered as the tears cascaded down his cheeks. “You don’t owe me an apology. Just... I care about you, Tones. I hope you know that.”
They sigh, and at some point, Clint frustratingly yells a message, “Fine! Be like that! But you should know better. This is not some problem you can throw dollar signs at and watch as it magically gets fixed.”
“She asked why I finally agreed to therapy. Why now,” he mumbled as he started pushing around crumbs of cake with his fork. He refused to meet the soldier’s eyes. “I told her that I actually wanna be better and do better. I wanna... wanna be good. For you. And to you,” he whispered those last few words too lowly for his ears to hear, but Steve’s been too attentive not to hear them. “I wanna reciprocate what you have for me because I have it too, I just... I always have those memories... and those other feelings. Scared, paranoid, angry... you don’t deserve to be around someone who feels those things around you.”
A few minutes later, Steve came up looking like a lost puppy. “Guys, is everything alright? JARVIS said it was an emer—”
“Afghanistan? Of course...” Steve whispered as he felt sick. Just how much torture has Tony endured in his lifetime already? “Afghanistan was pretty recent. It hasn’t even been a year yet.”
Sure enough, Clint climbed up to the vents and moaned in bliss as he lied down. “Yup. This is heaven. All I'm missing is a harp playing in the background and—” the harp started playing softly through the vents, and Clint smiled widely. “Tony, I don’t know if you can hear me, but you’re a fucking angel.”
“In Howard’s study room. He’s been in there for a while now,” Bruce answered. “I’m gonna go check on him.”
“Anyone who dares break such promise shall feel the wrath of Mjolnir!” Thor said with much enthusiasm, and Tony couldn’t help but chuckle.
“Three hours?” He whispers innocently. “Is that how fast time passes by when you lament over your dreary days?” He says dramatically. “Let him in.”
, when all his body felt was
Tony resisted the urge to parrot the words in awe and coughed awkwardly to prevent his vocal cords from betraying him. “Why that song?” he asked instead.
“Obadiah would get me drunk for you?”
He knows what luxury looks like, smells like, tastes like, but he has never quite felt the delight of a luxurious life. Sure, he’s never had to suffer through financial issues and most probably never will, but it didn’t make breathing through life any easier. He was surely able to afford all sorts of cars and suits of ridiculously hefty prices, but all the money in the world could never help him afford the delight of recalling a lovely childhood memory, the gratitude over a loving father’s advice that guided him through life, or the warmth of being part of a family. The warmth and sweetness of such life were luxuries that simply could never be bought. You either had them or not.
“Good morning, Steve,” Tony whispered.
Tony witnessed as Steve profusely wiped at his tears and got up towards a lit scented candle. The room that had smelled like warm vanilla soon smelled of burnt paper, and Steve’s tear stained face grimaced at the sight of the fire eating away at the picture. Tony decided to go back to his room. He found himself coming blank of any way he could help the Captain through this, and if he’s being totally honest, the presence of
“Technically, you’re as young as me. So what if you needed a little beauty sleep? It worked wonders, anyway.”
He came across the videos of his parties. Loud, bashful, colorful, and bigger than life. Tony was heavily drunk and drinking more than what his liver could handle. He was dancing to music louder than what his ears could handle. He was touched by hands groping, yanking, and tugging on more than what his delicate skin and mental state could handle, and everyone
Although things seemed to be in his favor for once, his panic attacks somehow got worse, because now new ideas started scaring him. He thought he would be able to stomach it down, but quickly discovered that he couldn’t. Not when the image of Chitauries were flying around the dead bodies of the Avengers and Steve’s struggling voice told him
“Oh god,” Bruce whispered. “Turn it off! I can’t watch this!” He bolted out of the room as his voice laced with that of the Hulk’s as his hands formed shaking fists. The team was too focused on the scene on screen, and too horrified, to react to anything else.
The doctor suppressed a frown. “How about now? What makes you feel the safest now?”
“You need hydration and sleep. You can have a painkiller after eight hours,” Bruce said.
“You are right. They weren’t. But they killed my brother, and I miss him terribly,” Thor’s voice cracked as he touched through the braided strand, and Tony realized that the black hair strand must be of Loki’s.
translation of the italian words will be in the end notes
“I am.”
“Was it not made known that the weapons would be shipped off to the terrorist organization? On what basis has Mr. Stark signed these contracts?”
“You alright?” Tony said breathlessly. Steve shuddered.
“For you, Sir, always.”
As he grows weary with sleep, he comes to the realization that what he has now surely isn’t perfect; the burdens of the past and his sick mind are bound to trouble him. However, the warmth and sweetness of what his life is like now had once been thought of as luxuries he simply couldn’t have.
Tony sighed. The genius had a lot on his mind—a lot of words and confessions that he wanted to rid his soul of. He never thought his mind wouldn’t panic upon the mere implication of being vocal about them, but now he was devoid of any feelings. He should be angry that everything’s been taken away from him: his childhood, his innocence, his sanity, his sleep, his health, his youth, his trust, the story of how he had lost those things, and everything that could have made him human. He should be sad that the man he loved and idolized is seen as nothing but a poster hung above his bed, and a threat. He wanted to answer his question:
“I never understand your behavior. But I understand one thing. This was orchestrated. You planned this. Why?”
“Hey, Tony, you’re alright! You’re safe. No aliens around, I swear,” Clint said and quickly realized his mistake when Tony flinched at the mention of aliens. “Right, right! No talking about that. Um, god, what should I do? How do I help you?”
Tony shook his head. “But what if I never give you what you want?”
“Okay,” Steve whispers.
“What a nerd. He looks, what? Four? Maybe six if I'm stretching it. Can’t he play with normal toys or something?” Clint stated.
“Sir,” JARVIS’ voice chimed in. “Allow me to say: Damn right.”
Steve's bloodshot eyes were transfixed on Tony's arc reactor. His mind had quite literally broken down when he pushed the glowing blue object into the genius' chest, only for it to not have an effect. Now, seeing it glow with life again, he wanted to cry and pray to all gods of every religion his gratitude.
Tony spares a glance at the Captain who tells him “I think you should go this time. Just this once.”
“Yeah, I’m alright,” Steve tried to smile, but it came out as more of a grimace.
The Avengers let out a gasp as it happened, except for Steve whose heart silently dropped to his feet.
“But he doesn’t know that we know,” Steve said. “Thor did... magic... and saw what Tony was recalling.”
Tony wanted to run back to the roof, but then he would be sat next to Steve’s cold and shaking frame. He would be sat next to a man reliving his nightmare over and over again through the night. And if Tony could give a home to the American hero, he sure as hell could make the effort of getting him the damn blanket.
“You are not the strongest man alive, that much is true,” JARVIS voice chimed in, and Tony fell to his knees by Dum-E's side. “But Sir, I have watched you work and fight and sacrifice so much of yourself and time for what you believed in. No matter how much I urged you to stop for a break, you didn’t. Nothing and no one could stop you. Not the panic attacks, not the nightmares, not the Avengers’ harsh words, not aliens. This, Sir, is formidability. You are formidable. Don’t—”
He really wanted to be normal. Not feel glorious happiness, just normalcy. His happiness was simply a light switch and life never stopped flicking its finger. Thus, he couldn't expect much of it lighting up his life, not when he has a light shining through his shirt to remind him of his misery, anyway. He wondered if he'll ever come to cherish that glowing blue instead of being ashamed of it.
He pulled away abruptly. His hands shaking as he anticipated a scolding because—
Besides, there were only two days left.
“Bingo. But don’t worry, I have people who come here often and take care of the place on the inside. SHIELD also sent in people before us to make sure it’s all good.”
They walked around the field as they talked and joked around and laughed until their hearts felt full. Steve saw as Tony’s chocolate brown eyes became pools of honey under the sun, and although the man stood amid flowers of all colors and types, he remained the most beautiful creature among them all.
“I saw one in the living room by the TV,” Clint said as he grabbed the box and got up to make his way to the living room. “Bruce, make some popcorn. We’re in for a long movie night starring the Starks!”
“I talked to Fury. He wanted to let you know that HYDRA tried to attack again. The SHEILD agents handled it well and JARVIS wasn’t hackable this time around. He actually disabled a lot of their weapons. But the place is filled with more bugs now. They’re gonna take longer to debug the tower,” Natasha explained.
“He took a sleeping pill. He’s gonna be asleep for the whole day. His head still hurts, and his body is craving more of the drugs he took. He's gonna sleep it off,” the redhead said as they played the tapes.
His mind, however, whirred into action. He realized he wasn’t dead, and he felt his eyes get warm, but was unable to feel any tears escape. He wanted oh so badly to be able to open his mouth to scream for death to call for his name like it always did. But his prayer fell on deaf ears as he opened his eyes. He blinked a few times, and although his vision was far too blurry, he could make out the silhouette of people around him.
And it’s all their fault.
But he can’t. And he falls to his knees in time with finding his release as he sobs. Shame and guilt loomed over his head as he cried and cried. “God,” his hoarse voice croaked into the silent room. All he did was hug his knees as his eyes poured their misery. Although he no longer struggled with Asthma, he could feel his chest constrict uncomfortably and his breaths come short. He knew he had to get up, wash up, and return to Tony; sweet, beautiful Tony who didn’t deserve what he had been subjected to throughout his life. Tony who deserved saving. Tony who deserved love and attention and the touch of a gentle hand. Tony who had been scared and alone and wondering
A sane part of his brain does recognize that a better life requires a better state of mind—something that he is pretty far from. He recalls the list of therapists SHIELD suggested he considers one to meet, but he isn’t ready to take that step yet. He does wish his brain was wired in a way that didn’t scare him of everything. Because Tony Stark was always scared and paranoid, which is why he stood a little straighter than everybody else, or why he had to dominate the room by shooting snarky and sarcastic comments, or why he had to wear obnoxious sunglasses indoors so people wouldn’t see his eyes wander about the room in fear and anticipation of danger coming his way. Tony simply believed that if people didn’t know he was scared, they wouldn’t be able to hold anything against him.
“Have you not seen a single interview of mine?” Tony answered with a raised brow.
Clint made the first move, and Tony was already grinning mischievously. “No shit. He’s looking at Clint like he’s the world’s biggest idiot.”
“Simmer down, Captain,” Natasha tried to comfort him, knowing full well that Steve had such a soft spot for the billionaire. “Alright. I have found an unlabeled tape. Let’s watch.”
“Is that so?” It was soft, understanding, caring. “Why?”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to talk about it, I promise,” Clint whispered. “I don’t understand what triggers you and what doesn’t, but please please please if I ever bring up something that bothers you, tell me to shut up and I will.”
The mania was finally sated; his mind buzzed in satisfaction. And as he saw blurs of figures approach him with their hands reaching out, he made the effort to smile at them before his eyes shut and his lips declared: “This is luxury.”
However, the tape begged to differ. It took place in what looked like Tony’s room, though less Captain America posters decorated the walls. The date displayed on the corner of the screen told them that Tony was fifteen years old at the time. He was filming himself work on a complicated piece of technology for research purposes, before Howard interrupted the teenager’s moments of peace as he barged in. Amidst Tony’s violent flinch, the camera knocked over to prop straight on the desk to display Tony’s shaking figure turn towards the direction of his father, who was seething with a paper held in his hand.
Steve made a smart move, and was sure that with just one more, he would be able to win. The move caught Tony by surprise, or at least Steve thought it did, but the genius just smirked and said “Damn. You’re good.”
“I feel safe when I tinker,” Tony mumbled as his eyes darted around the room as if searching for an answer.
“Tony, I’m glad and honored that you think of me as a motive to get better, but please know that you don’t owe me anything. You don’t owe me a perfected version of you or having feelings for me or an acceptance of my feelings for you, even. Tony, you can reject me. You can think of yourself. You can say no. You can—”
“Please, Jay. Just listen to me.”
“So what do we do?” Steve whispered.
Still, they kept pushing, displaying images and videos of Gulmira. Children crying. Parents screaming with wild abandonment. People trying to shield themselves with bricks. STARK INDUSTRIES plastered on a missile before it explodes. Yinsen’s voice echoing through his skull,
, and his eyes softened in sadness at the sentence he has heard being screamed amidst ruins of a luxurious mansion.
Dum-E whirred and beeped.
He tried to speak, but his tongue felt so heavy. Then he recalled that dead people can’t really speak,
He shut his eyes tightly. In his mind, he was kicking himself for being so vulnerable, and he looked up again. He could see the stars alright, he just couldn't admit that there was much beauty to them, for all he could see was
“You’re good,” he repeated before pushing the king piece of Steve’s out of its square. “Just not as good as me. Checkmate.”
“Stark. You know I—”
“Do you now know why?” Tony whispered.
Then there were the labelled tapes, which consisted of Howard documenting experiments and occasionally calling Tony in just to end up beating him up or insulting him, yet another Christmas night filmed that ended with Howard punching Tony and demanding that he puts makeup on to cover the upcoming bruise to take a group picture for the media, and adorable and heartwarming tapes that Jarvis has filmed documenting the young boy’s birthdays. However, the older that he did get, the more broken he seemed. Jarvis tried oh so painfully hard to cheer the boy up, but it was evident that Tony only responded to not disappoint the British man.
“Nope. No one. Feel special,” Tony smiled and so did Steve.
“Fuck me! If I grew up in a place like that, I’d be an egoistic bastard too!” Clint exclaimed.
His hands shake. His skull feels like its been filled with wool. He reaches for another tape.
“I found it,” he whispered to himself, but the soldier's ears heard it just fine. He followed Tony’s eyes, and his own watered in warmth and pride. Tony turned his head to face the soldier. “I found you.”
“Ay, I am,” Thor said as he held onto the short man’s shoulders. “The artificial man living in your ceiling tells me you have a surprise for me.”
They continued bickering and chatting. Tony would occasionally mutter a few words under his breath as he worked on his tablet. However, Steve could see that Thor seemed troubled, and has been so since he had pulled Tony out of his mental breakdown. He excused himself to go after Thor who went back to his room to change his shirt that Clint has accidentally spilled orange juice all over.
As time passed by, Tony grew to love spending time with his friends, which took him a while to come to terms with the fact that that’s what they are: friends. He hadn’t learned what friendship was until he met Rhodey, and he had always thought that the colonel would be his only friend. To have a support system, to be part of a team, was new and lovely. He loved getting to know more about these people. He would never admit it, but seeing Clint come out of his floor just to make the engineer listen to a new song he was sure they would both love made his heart flutter.
“Hey, Pepper,” Natasha greeted her as well.
“Yeah, Rhodey told us it’s your favorite. And lucky for you, I had ordered a bunch of authentic spices the other day,” Bruce said. “Take a seat. It won’t take long.”
Tony Stark just happens to care. Because Tony Stark happens to be human, and billions of dollars can’t change that. Billions of dollars can’t cure his pain or sorrow or the memories that made Thor, a mere outsider and a mighty god, wince and grow weary of sparring. Tony has been sparring his whole life with those memories in constant display in his mind, and he still stood tall and smiled.
Steve’s heart breaks right then and there because he knows this was nothing but a product of years and years of absolute misery and silence. He knows those rough, calloused hands have felt more pain than what they tried to exert fisted against his chest. He knows those eyes have seen more pain and poured more tears than all the times they had thrown a mean glare. He knows those lips have been made to speak and to shut under humiliating subjugation more times than they have ever come to voice out the snark and sarcasm Steve has learned to love.
Steve winces. “Tony, I'm—”
Tony knew he was going to say it. It felt natural and right. This is what his life has been leading up to: this moment. His fears and triggers were still present, and they most probably always will be. However, in this very fine moment, nothing mattered but those baby blue eyes. His tongue ached with the need to say it, and his heart was picking up the pace of its beats as it anticipated it.
Tony resisted the urge to call bullshit on that, so he sat next to the Captain and sighed heavily. He saw Steve’s arms get covered in goose bumps and how his body was shuddering. It was a cold night, and Tony remembers the many feedbacks JARVIS supplied of how Steve’s panic attacks and mood swings seemed to increase whenever the temperature decreased.
His knees weakened, but he had to stand his ground. The yellow hued room suddenly became too bright for his eyes to bear. The voice blaring through his left ear was silenced upon him taking the earpiece out and throwing it away carelessly. The step he had taken back was replaced by one step taken forward. Then Two. Then three. Then he was standing within an inch of the Russian man.
Natasha’s eyes were glistening in sadness, but her face was painted in anger, which mirrored Bruce’s own face. Clint was silently crying and looked away as Tony now wailed and screamed in pain.
“Which I can fix if I get to my lab.” He sighed heavily as he raised his head, and his eyes landed on the concerned and sad (
THE MANSION. WHERE I WAS BORN AND RAISED.
He flipped the file before him closed and handed it back to Fury.
please leave comments of your thoughts and/or criticism of the chapter!! maybe even leave requests/prompts of what you would like to have me write in future works.
But he was frozen in place. His brain melted against the walls of his skull. He can’t remember this man let alone the other men who must have violated him all the same. All he remembers is Obadiah, and his heart aches.
“And I’m sorry. You didn’t deserve that. It... it wasn’t your fault. You’re good. Pure. You’re... not what he made you out to be. But that’s all I've thought of you. It’s... what I’m struggling not to think of you right now. I’m sorry. But there will be none of those thoughts. None of those struggles anymore. You deserve much better.”
“I know,” Steve whispered, the
“Please, Steve,” his voice dripped with heavy desperation and dire need for his mind to come to terms with the idea that Steve will not hurt him, not when the door is locked or when his hands have touched him gently or when he had technically just put on a stripping show for him and sure his pants are still on but
his mind taunted.
To which he would try not to fall apart right there and then as he holds her hands and whispers.
It takes him weeks after that to sit between Thor and Steve during movie nights without feeling a tinge of fear or panic. If anything, he snuggled against them and even gave in to sleep when his eyes started drooping.
“Awh, I can tell,” Tony exaggerated a pout. “You know how I can tell? ‘Cause we’re connected.” With a smirk, he sped off past them to the tower, and he can’t deny it warmed his heart to hear the team laugh at his silly joke.
“I’ll never understand how they never thought of shooting your legs,” Clint muttered in between spoonfuls of food.
“Love you too, Pepper,” he said with a heavy sense of sincerity to his words.
“The contracts that you have on screen clearly state a single buyer’s name rather than an organization. Whatever the buyer chooses to do with what he has bought is out of our hands. We didn’t even know those weapons would be shipped outside of the USA. We do, however, admit that our former CEO has been involved in shady business. No denying that. And we ask the general public to separate the company, as well as Mr. Stark, from this narrative.”
“Of course, Sir.”
When figures loomed over him before crouching to his level of sight, he had nearly lost it. When they crouched like that, it only meant one thing:
“I’m—CAKE!” Tony hopped out of his stool upon seeing Rhodey pull out a chocolate cake from the fridge. He waited patiently for his best friend to place his slice on a plate but got interrupted by JARVIS notifying him of Pepper’s call. “Sure, put her through, Jay.”
“Shy because Tony flirted with you? Yeah, we know,” Bruce said.
“My turn!” Natasha said excitedly as she moved a piece. Everybody tried to help her in hopes that she would win against the genius, but that has failed as Tony smirked and declared “Checkmate.”
“You give me headaches. Have I ever told you that? Because it’s true. And a platter of sushi doesn’t really make it go away,” Pepper glares at him, and he fakes a pout. “Fuck you, Tony,” she says while rolling her eyes.
“It’s no big deal.”
“Nope!” Natasha chimed in from the boxing ring.
Steve held on to the shorter man reeking of alcohol. His hair was disheveled, and his eyes were half-lidded in a drunken haze. He kept moaning miserably as he tripped over his feet but giggled as soon as Steve swept him off the floor bridal style and sat him on his lap on the couch. The rest of the team held their breath as they watched the man giggle to himself in the Captain’s lap.
“I believe you,” the brunet whispered. “All of you. I... just... please don’t make me regret this. I don’t think I'll be able to recover from there.”
“Duh. You used to be not a pile of walking muscle. And global warming wasn't one of Earth’s biggest issues right after aliens.”
"We didn't know a lot about him," Clint said with much defeat in his tone.
“Don’t worry. I’m actually taking you somewhere,” Tony said.
“Thank you,” he whispered back.
The first thing they learned to do is to crouch down to Tony’s level of height as to not scare him off further. Then, they had a silent argument of who should be the one to speak. Steve rushed for a pencil and a piece of paper on the coffee table, and in a haste, wrote Natasha a note.
“Isn’t that, I don’t know, invading our privacy?”
He sighed and tried to push down the eerie feeling of
“S’f-fine. J-Just... s-stay,” Tony said through shallow breaths as he started clawing on the area around the glowing blue. Clint nodded miserably and promised to stay. Seeing Tony like this absolutely pained him, and he genuinely wanted to make him feel better and retreat to their silly conversations. Touching was out of the table, at least not when Tony was like this, so holding the engineer or running his fingers through the dark hair was a bad idea. The archer rummaged through his brain for another way he could help, and he prayed it would work.
However, the one that seemed to hurt the most was how with every mention of Howard that Steve has made, Tony would simply nod and feign a casual tone. Steve has compared Tony to Howard, has rambled on with story after story of his time with the man, and—
“I already sent them a bunch of designs and—”
Tony gasped. The words had felt like a soothing rain that put the fire out and soothed his heated, blistered skin. All he wanted was to bask in its droplets as they felt like gentle kisses, and this is how he found himself hugging the soldier and holding onto his red cotton clad figure as he sobbed.
“I don’t blame him. We rarely ever interacted with him when we moved in the tower. He’s not used to us being so friendly,” Bruce frowned at his realization. Steve felt his heart break under guilt’s hold of him.
“There’s no one else I would be here for.”
All his thoughts were thrown off when Tony slowly but surely started laughing. The laughing escalated to hysterical laughing. He held on to Steve’s shirt much tighter than before. He laughed and laughed, then suddenly, a sob broke out. Loud and clear against Steve’s chest. He sobbed loudly; the drugs and alcohol keeping his shame at bay as his mind threw up all its emotions onto Steve’s warm chest. His knuckles turned white as he held on tighter and tighter.
“Mr. Stark, would you say you need the media’s attention more than ever right now with the government being angry at you? I mean, we’re connected. You need us, admit it.”
“Connected? Uh, nope.”
A part of him was grateful that the tapes have told his story for him, but a part of him was also angry for that reason. It was suffocating and confusing. His mind was back to crying for normalcy.
“You seem like quite the fan, huh?” Tony said as he regained a sense of that causality and snark of his. “I’d offer an autograph except for the fact that you’ve got my weapons for one. Mind telling me how you got those?”
“Did you blow them a kiss before you flicked them off?” Tony smiled.
"It was not better, Tony. We're so sorry. God, we're so fucking sorry. It wasn't normal either. We were so horrible to you," Clint said as tears rolled down his cheeks.
He didn’t have to think hard for this. “Being around Steve does...”
The brunet rolled his eyes again and threw a pillow at the soldier. “M’not cute! And I don’t blush!”
“Maybe?” she repeated. “Tell me about it if you please.”
“Seeing as you guys are so enthusiastic and passionate about this, I take it you would be so enthusiastic about helping me in the kitchen,” Bruce said.
“JARVIS,” Tony’s voice was low, shaky, and dripping in fear of the unknown. “What aren’t you telling me?” The Avengers exchanged looks of alarm as they noticed the AI’s hesitation in giving the answer.
"Tony? You wanna share the blanket?" Steve suggested upon noticing the engineer shivering violently.
Except Tony held on tighter when Steve tried to do as Dr. Banner instructed. He could hear the man cry “no no no no no” the more he tried. He tried to get his face off his chest, and in an attempt to do so, he made the wrong move. He tried to tug on the billionaire’s hair, and he immediately realized his mistake as the brunet flinched violently and fell on his side on the floor. He hunched in on himself as he hugged his knees and his panic doubled over.
"It was normal enough for it to become a routine. For it to become all I expect out of you," Tony said as his eyes drooped with exhaustion. "But I don't care. I want it back. It was better. I was better. I was useful. There was no pity or treating me like I'm small. I want that back."
“Fight back! Why are you just letting me do this? You think I'm made of fucking glass? Fucking fight me back!”
When a TV channel in the background blared its opinions of Tony, Clint muttered “Man, y’all should go straight to hell,” and flipped the channel over to a basketball game he’s passionate about. Tony simply shrugged. Despite anything ever, the media still found a way to place him under a bad light, and he’s gotten pretty used to it to properly care. Besides, he doesn’t quite blame them. If anything, he can’t comprehend the fact that the general public seems to take a liking to him, but then again, they seem to only like the funny sarcasm and the arrogant persona he has molded himself into, not to mention the Fuck-the-Government anarchist movement he seemed to lead these days that nowadays teens seemed to be great fans of. So he figured that for as long as they don’t like who he actually is, everything’s peachy.
Tony watched the sun rise through Steve’s window, and looked down on the man in his hold. His eyes softened and his heart skipped a beat when Steve looked up to him with a shy smile, and he blushed profusely when Steve gasped upon the pace of the heartbeats he felt under his palm. It occurred to him in this very moment that he isn’t scared of the Captain and hasn’t been so for a while now. He smiled to himself and landed yet another kiss on Steve’s forehead, who grinned in response. The sun shone brightly, and its rays smothered them in warmth, promising a kind, new day.
“We were based in Gulmira. We were all about business. None of that bombing cities and what not. Shit got out of hand and business itself got out of hand. So we resided in America because, if you think about it, this country’s just one big weapon manufacturing company. Not to mention how your dad was so nice to us. Soon, our business was back on track. Our men back in Gulmira got the business back on track there as well. We were living the American dream! Or shall I say the Stark dream?” The man laughed in delight at his own joke.
“Tony,” Steve whispered softly. The engineer flinched and looked up at the Captain. Bigger than him, stronger than him, faster than him, could easily pin him down...
Steve is confused by Tony’s state, but he’s patient. He watches as the brunet paces the room and taps against the glass of his glowing blue arc reactor. A few frustrated groans escape the pacing man every now and then, and Steve nods in understanding of the internal battle Tony must be facing right before his eyes.
“You don’t even wanna get fucking near me! Is it because you finally see how disgusting I am? Is that fucking it, Captain? Fucking tell me!” he shouts and lands his fists over the blonde’s chest. Steve’s mind registers that Tony is punching him, but it doesn’t really physically hurt much, and he continues to watch the man in front of him get angrier and angrier by the minute. It’s colder than the sea and more haunting than the horrifying sea creatures he has lived among before he fell into a deep slumber. Steve shudders under the punches, but tries to contain the brunet.
“You’re not eating your cake,” Steve pointed out.
He eats the food with much gratitude and suppresses the tears dire to roll down his cheeks. All he can think of is that he doesn’t deserve this. He doesn’t deserve the warm, simple food or the breeze hitting his face that feels like gentle kisses atop his skin.
“Guys! We’re here!” Bruce cheered from the passenger seat as the old mansion came into view. Tony’s hands held on tighter to the steering wheel. He debated whether he should just make a turn for some hotel and tell Fury to go fuck himself, but his list of priorities had him park by the driveway as he came to a stop.
“I’m so proud of you,” Steve whispered. Tony smiled triumphantly.
Steve shuts his eyes and tries to take a deep breath, but the punches, although harmless to a super soldier like him, are distracting, nevertheless. However, the angry tears that fall from the engineer’s eyes and the shallow breaths worry the blonde, and he tries once more to contain him.
“I know you saw something. When you did your magic. What was it?”
Steve suppresses a grimace at the use of his title. “I never said I was, but you look like you’ve got something to say. Do you?”
Rhodey had said.
Tony looked over at the entrance of the living room, where he heard a heavy sigh escape pink lips that wore a frown and saw blue eyes clad in a sheen that ached his troubled heart.
“Steve,” Natasha said as a wicked smile spread over her face. “Give him the look.”
They put their sketches on hold and went to the communal area to watch yet another chick flick movie.
“Hey, it’s okay. Just rest now.”
Steve heaved over the sink as he washed away what his body couldn’t stomach in. He tried to stop the heaving, only to realize that he has been crying uncontrollably since he walked into the grand bathroom.
“Oh no, you won’t get lucky,” Rhodey said from across the room. “Trust me, I gave up on winning against that bastard a long time ago.”
“Shh, none of that, okay? I love you,” he planted a gentle kiss on the brunet’s jaw. “I love you, I love you, I love you. What you feelin’ up to, sweetheart?”
The words were dripping in guilt and that
As he walks to the quinjet, the young girl shouts for him. “Wait! Name?”
Howard came into view.
“It’s not your fault, Tony,” Steve says sternly, and it’s a sentence that constricts Tony’s lungs.
“Shut up. Just... shut up. All of you. And leave me alone. God, is that too much to ask for?”
“Anthony Edward Stark thank fuck you have finally decided to pick up the phone!” She exclaimed angrily. He rolled his eyes and pointed to the ceiling. “See what I gotta deal with?”
“I’ll wait on you forever,” Steve whispered as he kissed the man’s hands. Tony smiled warmly. “There’s that smile!”
There’s no price to be paid. There’s no discomfort as he slides his tongue into the blonde’s mouth to dance along his own, and there’s no pain when he guides Steve’s hands on his waist and hips. There are only blooming flowers.
Everyone was soon gathered around going through the pictures that included Tony, which were noticeably few.
that has been on the tip of his tongue for the past few days whenever he looked at their sad, concerned faces. But now he thinks he knows what these faces wore. It wasn’t sadness or concern; it was something he despised. Something he warned Pepper and Rhodey against giving him whenever they saw through him. Something that Jarvis always had in his eyes, and Tony would smile and resist the urge of telling him how much the look on the British man’s face made him want to die in gruesome ways.
“Tony! Tony!” He cried his name out. "God, please!"
“We just wanna make sure you’re okay,” Steve says.
“See? She doesn’t believe you,” Tony said. When Steve sighed in defeat and sat down, Tony’s eyes narrowed, and his head tilted in confusion. Steve wanted to scream it right then and there—how good,
“No one knows of this place. It’s my getaway, and the first thing I bought with my inheritance money,” Tony said when Steve’s eyes focused on him.
A comfortable silence washed over the hours. Steve breathing in Tony’s scent and occasionally tracing his fingers around the glowing blue, Tony running his fingers through Steve’s hair and occasionally landing kisses atop the golden locks. None of them dared to move, no matter how numb their limbs grew to be, and none of them got any sleep. It was simply too good to miss on.
“It’s okay, just please—”
“Yup. Let’s go up to the kitchen right now and bake a cake or something,” Natasha said.
“You guys really don’t have to—”
“Oh, sweetheart. Get anywhere near my room and I’m adding a boomerang feature to your arrows,” Tony said lightheartedly, but his mind was clad in anxiety and absolute paranoia over the thought of any of the Avengers wandering around his childhood room.
“Their manufacturer was Obadiah Stane.”
Bruce and the Hulk for once agreed on something: that Tony is someone they had failed to protect. And from who? From themselves. It hurts him like no other. After all, this was the same man who had fought nails and teeth to keep him safe from falling into the hands of the government and a deep depression. He shakes his head at himself as he hears the Hulk say “Stupid people! We make Tin Man sad!”
“I promise, my love.”
The Avengers slept on the roof for the night. Tony laid perfectly still until he made sure each one of them was fast asleep, and tiptoed his way back inside the mansion, into his room to get the box of tapes, and down again to the living room where the tape player and fire place were.
“Miss me already?” The brunet teased.
“Did... did that just happen?” Clint asked in disbelief.
Steve hummed. “Wanna talk about it?”
, he had wanted to say.
“Yeah. We’re worried,” Steve said.
“Tony?”
Steve nodded frantically at that, and Tony moved to cradle the soldier’s head against his chest. His chin rested against the soft, blonde locks as his fingers ran through them in a comforting manner. Steve was still trembling and sobbing against the man’s chest, but his blurry eyes were transfixed on the round metal glowing through Tony’s dark shirt. He didn’t even register his trembling hand resting against it, but god did it ease his mind to feel the beat of Tony’s heart against his palm.
They all nodded, but Tony did notice Natasha’s eyes narrow in curiosity.
Dum-E whirred and beeped.
“Jesus,” Steve muttered. “If all of these amount to the times that he has been kidnapped, I will burn the house down.”
“They have been giving the SHEILD agents a hard time whenever they were around, but to make up for it, they have cleaned the lab for you,” JARVIS said.
“Why do you feel the need to fix such issue?”
“Pretty sure I politely told the government to go fuck itself just a few weeks ago. Besides, Iron Man is not SI’s property, just mine.”
But the aroma of the food was too familiar to walk away from. It almost felt like a hug, and not just any hug, a hug from the British man who cared enough about the boy to keep him connected to his Italian roots; going as far as to teach Tony the Italian language since his mother was never around to do so.
Steve tried to move only to realize he’s been lying on the floor. He tried to speak, but his trembling lips just hung open and breathed in what his nose made difficult to inhale. “Hey, hey, you don’t gotta speak now. Just breathe. Alright? You’re safe. You’re safe, I promise,” Tony cooed. The soldier tried to the best of his efforts to get up, speak, breathe, but all he could do was pull his knees up to his chest as he cried and trembled.
Bruce chuckled. “Anything for my favorite mechanic.”
He tried to move away from the chatter of the nurses. “Meeting. With the British AI Empire.”
The team looked on the scene with a mix of fondness, amusement, and sadness. It didn’t take a genius to realize that Tony’s bots were ultimately created to fill a void in his teenage years and to give him what he has been robbed off. The bots were childish, silly, and friendly; they were everything Tony needed, but didn’t have.
“Let me guess, business in Gulmira plummeted again. They diverted from the contract recently, didn’t they? That’s why you bombed them?”
Steve is about to admit to all his faults. He’s about to tell him of how wrong he was for being as selfish as to look for the Stark from his past rather than accept the Stark of the present. And when he accepted him, he had started to fall in love. But being the man of time that he is, he was too late. He’s about to fall on his knees by Tony’s side and beg him for forgiveness. He was about to say so much, but Tony’s next words stab right through his guilt-ridden heart.
“Well, how do you explain the Californian branch of the company still up and running?” The reporter asks.
“I meant every word last night. I hope you know it,” Steve said.
“It’s on all of your playlists,” Clint answered with a shrug. “Figured you must be a fan.”
“You don’t gotta thank me. You just gotta let JARVIS call me Virtual Basketball Lord.”
He hadn’t meant to ask it out loud, but he wasn’t surprised to hear the Captain, now sat next to him, reply with “I’m not sure what you’re talking about here, Tony.”
“Uh-huh. And since we’re being oh so technical, then technically I just called you beautiful,” Tony winked and marveled at the blush that crept along the blonde’s cheeks.
They don’t listen, and neither does Tony. Their voices mold into something he can’t comprehend. All he can think of is running away and leaving everything behind. He can’t live with this: the knowing. His brain refuses to believe that they know him for what he truly is.
“It’s just... god, why am I not getting better?” He’d frustratingly wipe at his misty eyes.
“Welp, thank god for serums and vaccines. I’ll go get you another blanket before you turn into an actual Capsicle,” Tony said with a pat to the Captain’s shoulder. He knew that somewhere in the house, they had an electric-blanket that he wouldn’t sleep without during his teenage years. He tries to recall where he had kept the blanket. In his old room? He looks there, and he can’t find it. He manages to find way too many suicide notes, however, and he lets out a bitter laugh as he chucks them away carelessly. He looks in the guest rooms, and he can’t find it. He enters his parents’ room, whispers a declaration that it’s not here before he could even make it past the doorframe, and walks out with a headache. His brain can’t recall where he has kept it. The last time he has used it was when he was fourteen, the night before Christmas, and—
“Awh! Look at him blush!” Natasha cooed.
“I-I j-just...”
“You ever got to visit Aunt Peggy?” Tony asked the next morning around a mouthful of cereal.
Tony’s heart warmed at that, and he couldn’t help the shy smile on his face.
“When I started paying attention to you instead of constantly argue and condemn you, I realized how much of an idiot I’ve been. I saw your determination and kindness. My own pride and ego kept me from reaching out to you. I’m sorry. I’m sorry it took watching these tapes for me to do away with my pride and ego for your sake. I should’ve done that much earlier. Should’ve told you. But I didn’t, and now it all comes out wrong and not how I want it to be and it’s because I fucked up. But Tony, I promise you with every inch of my fiber that I'll do better. I swear by it. I know none of us have your trust, but we’ll earn it. We’ll prove we’re worthy of gaining it, and I promise you that when this day comes, I will never take it for granted. I just need you to believe me.” By the time Steve was done talking, his eyes held warm tears that didn’t pour out until Tony spoke the words the soldier’s tightened chest loosened over.
“Hey, sour patch,” Rhodey mumbled as he set a box of doughnuts on the counter.
“Did you just call it ‘beauty sleep’?” Steve said as he feigned taking offense.
Tony Stark is a young man—in his late twenties. And even if he wasn’t so young, nobody quite moves on from things like that. He remembers after one of their movie nights together, everybody shared their commentary on the family-friendly movie about a child’s relationship with his parents. Everybody spoke of childhood memories the movie reminded them of. Even Natasha, who Steve came to know didn’t become part of the Red Room training team until her teenage years. Looking back on that night, he realizes that Tony had stayed silent, and eventually excused himself to spend the rest of the night in his lab. It was the first and last time Tony has ever participated in their weekly movie nights.
“Uh, I don’t—”
Dum-E whirred and beeped.
“Hey, Tony,” he hears Clint speak softly and sees his hand wave.
(See the end of the chapter for
Blinking a few times, he could see that the figures were not of Middle-Eastern men, but of the Avengers. He looked down to his lap in search for the car battery he was sure he was holding, turns out he had ripped a hard pillow open. The man holding on to him was Rhodey, who immediately removed his hand from atop the arc reactor upon seeing Tony’s unseeing, glazed eyes focus again. The mental turmoil wore the brunet down, and he slumped against the wall as he heaved. “Tony?” Rhodey tried. “You here?”
“Nope. No celebrations. Just coffee,” Tony muttered as his eyes drooped. He really was incredibly sleepy and weary, and a pounding headache was taking over. He took a seat on a stool by the kitchen counter and slumped against it. He would never admit to this to the team, but he did feel immensely grateful that they had stayed while he created his permanent fix of the arc reactor. After all, the concept in itself had reminded him of the sleepless nights he spent alongside Yinsen in the hot, humid cave building the device. It’s why he had avoided looking for any other solutions until now.
He felt the shrapnels tug at his flesh. He knew this was going to be a slow and painful death, and he thought:
“I will in exactly two minutes and thirty-two seconds,” Tony said as he started moving holograms around and waited for the pending tab to deem his work a success. When it did, he smiled and asked JARVIS to shut his computer down as he turned his chair to properly face Steve.
She furrowed her brows at him, but he kept a fond smile and an encouraging look. Slowly but surely, her face softened, and her eyes glinted in recognition of the man before her. “Tony,” she said gleefully. “Hello, my precious boy.”
"I can't wait for you guys to know him," Rhodey said with a fond smile as he leaned his arms on Tony's bed to rest his head by the sleeping man's legs. "You're gonna love him."
“Been worse.”
“Don’t scare him off now,” Natasha had told them and Rhodey had followed up with “Yeah. If Tony wants to talk, he’ll talk.”
“No.”
“I am. Now leave me alone.”
Whenever Clint and Tony were put in a room together, chaos ensued. Steve has lost count on the amount of times he has ran to the lab after hearing an explosion just to see the engineer and the archer’s faces smeared in oil, fist bumping as Clint exclaims “That was so fucking awesome!”
Tony’s calloused hands tried to comfort the Captain. One hand was rubbing his back, the other running through his blonde hair. Although he did feel sensitive to the touch today, he pushed that aside and focused on soothing the soldier. Steve was shaking and trembling hard in his arms, and although the room was getting too hot for Tony’s liking, he urged JARVIS to increase the temperature a bit more. Steve’s body finally felt warm at that, but his left ear was right over the glowing blue, and Tony’s heart was beating out of his chest. He moves his head to face the brunet, who looked eerily numb. There was no light in his eyes. Steve might as well paint on his face for it was an empty canvas. Steve shuddered, and stopped Tony from ordering JARVIS to raise the temperature by saying, “Stay. Don’t leave me. I can’t lose you too.”
“Capsicle?” Tony addressed Steve. “Mind putting that to the test?”
“I wouldn’t let you go there alone,” a feminine voice said and sat carefully next to him. “I wanna help him too. We all do.” He looked around to see that the other members were emerging from their rooms to accompany their Captain.
Tony looked up at the soldier as though he were a shooting star that held all his wishes and dreams, and a small smile graced his lips. “Touch me,” he whispered.
“Anthony Edward Stark announced dead. Thursday the fifteenth of Nov—”
“I got time. How did you get the weapons?”
Tony rolled his eyes, but smiled, nonetheless. She laughed when Dum-E beeped in protest and pulled at the hood, and Tony made the mental note of buying more hoodies for the redhead.
He resisted the urge to sprint to the lab now that Rhodey had said to give him time, but that didn’t mean that his heart wasn’t clenching in worry and fear for what that could have possibly meant. He was all smiles and laughs during dinner, and Steve figured that perhaps Rhodey is right; giving the brunet time seems to work.
Steve pulled on a pseudo disappointed face as he answered, “An idiot sandwich.” He had seen a video somewhere on the internet of this, and he smiled when the bunch erupted in a fit of childish giggles. Natasha’s phone could be heard making a click sound as she finished recording. “I’m never deleting this off my camera roll.”
The doctors rushed into performing a CPR, which didn’t work due to the chunk of metal in his chest. They rushed for a defibrillator, and Bruce watched in deadly anticipation and horror as the surges of electric pulses lifted Tony's torso off the bed momentarily over and over again, with no avail of a heartbeat to sound through.
“I haven’t even sent it yet.”
“—chant of Death. He had publicly stated on the very same day he had returned from Afghanistan that all of his weapon manufacturing companies would shut down for good. So it is extremely bizarre to see all those missiles launch straight from his California manufacturing branch. Is this a man we could really trust?” A reporter said through the large screen.
“Okay, well, try to finish up quickly, okay? We’ll wait on you,” Clint smiled, and Tony bit his tongue and plastered a perfidious smile.
“It means I want all of you to just leave me the fuck alone. What do you even want?”
—who's eyes wore worry. “Tony? You here with me, sweetheart?”
"Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter—tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther... And one fine morning—
“What’s up with you guys? I feel like you guys are keeping something I should know about.”
Steve couldn’t resist wanting to know more. Although the more he knew, the sicker he got. He wanted to do this for Tony. It’s the least that he could do.
The team rose off their seats as they went to make their exit, except for Tony who stayed behind. He got up and made his way over to Fury to hand him an invitation card. “Hope you’re not so busy Thursday night,” he said before he took off.
“I get it,” Natasha finally said after the long silence. “I get why it bothers you that we’ve watched those tapes. If I’m being honest, I wouldn’t want anyone watching what I did during my time in the Red Room. But it’s been done. We watched them. How do you feel about it now?”
“What if he wakes up?” Steve wondered. “I thought you were watching over him.”
He was strong and brave and vulnerable, and yet, he was TONY STARK: NOT RECOMMENDED.
“Tony, please talk to us?” Steve says. Tony turns his head to look at him, and he takes his precious time to see him.
He can’t help but take a short, shaky breath. “Do whatever you want,” he whispers it this time around, and Steve’s heart clenches in fear of the connotation behind this simple phrase.
“They also… smell different. In the Red Room, all our clothes had to smell of perfume or cologne. Yeah, it smelled good, but I hate it. Makes me sick. I honestly roamed around your closet in search for the keys you told me to get you that one time, and being the Russian bastard that I am, had to steal something.”
He pushes ruble and debris away and tries to rebuild what he can. The locals of the town watch him from behind brick walls for an hour, before they start moving from their hideout to look around what the red-gold flying suit has fixed. The young girl he has spoken to still holds red alarms in her eyes, but the stone she was holding on to is no longer in her hand.
The Avengers walk through the long, narrow hallways of the SHIELD facility. They are all protectively surrounding Tony, and it doesn’t put his mind at ease. His sense of paranoia is at an all-time high, and he’s anticipating the worst. It doesn’t make it any better for him to know that the man he’s about to interrogate is a Russian mad man. “Apparently, they are quite a diverse group,” Fury had explained. Natasha had told him to not worry if the man starts speaking in Russian, she would be in the comms of his earpiece translating his every word if so.
Clint didn't see the millions upon millions of dollars that get donated to various organizations or the galas he hosted every other week to raise charity funds for various global issues, he just saw a snob. He saw the parties and the alcohol and the sex tapes on cheap porn websites, but now that his mind recalls it, is it really “sex” when all the porn videos included the words DRUNK TONY STARK or TONY STARK ON DRUGS in the title? He lets out a shaky breath and hides his face in his hands because all his mind could come up with is one conclusion: he fucked up.
But his favorite shade of blue did not come back to him. The arc reactor didn’t glow again.
After a heated argument with a SHEILD agent, Tony found himself hunched over where he was sat in the kitchen table. Steve and Natasha exchanged looks of concern every time Tony’s hand slipped under his shirt casually to hold onto the arc reactor. After the phone call was over, Tony got up and immediately rushed to his room. He took off the bandage he had wrapped around his torso to ease the pain and found the skin around the arc reactor covered in purple veins. He took the arc reactor out momentarily to adjust it comfortably, which surprisingly hurt an awful lot.
“Sir?” JARVIS speaks. “Captain Rogers has been standing outside of your door for the past three hours now. Shall I let him in anytime soon?”
“Still,” Clint insisted. Tony sighed and mumbled, “I wish the US army had ‘invaded my privacy’, if that’s what we’re gonna call it.” And
“Duh. Who do I look like?” Tony said as he threw a flashcard Fury’s way. “JARVIS says it’s located somewhere in California. Whoever these guys are, they’re good. ‘Cause they’ve gone fully incognito and it’s giving my AI a hard time to get to the bottom of this.”
But Tony wasn’t listening. Tony was rummaging through his brain for the faintest of memories of the man before him, with no avail. “I don’t remember,” he muttered in defeat.
“You don’t get it, do you?” Anger. Crimson red chunks of rubies. Cold, biting weather. “I need you to leave, Captain.”
He stands by the doorframe of her room and watches as she brushes through her red hair. She looks at his reflection from the mirror, and smiles when the glowing blue’s light jumps off the reflective glass to twinkle on the wall of her room. A moment of silence diffuses into the air, and she lets it.
Howard had touched him. Obadiah had touched him. He was just a kid robbed off his childhood. He was always just looking up to the adults. They spoke over him and caged him. No wonder why he grew up to be spontaneous, talkative, and childish. He was just trying to catch up on what he has missed on in the only ways he knew how to. He was always surrounded by people older than him, taller than him, bigger than him. No wonder why he did whatever it took to always look bigger than life, to stand a little straighter, to talk back, and to relish in the arrogant, egoistic, self-centered asshole persona.
“Steve?” Tony whispered as he knelt before him. Steve suppressed a gasp when Tony’s hands cupped his cheeks. His hands felt sweaty and warm,
At some point, he orders SHIELD to send out quinjets full of plants and construction workers of a budget no less than millions upon millions of dollars to bring life back to the town. “And no fucking PR or any coverage from the media about this or I will fucking burn SHIELD down. Understood?”
“Shut up,” he found it in himself to mutter. There was anger and finality to the way it came out, and he mentally patted himself on the shoulder when he heard the silence. “Fuck you and fuck the government. Iron Man is mine. He’ll live with me, and he’ll die with me. The government has War Machine, and that’s enough. Fuck your respect and fuck your orders. And fuck me for coming in here in the first fucking place.”
“I’m not! I’m just...”
“Yup,” the brunet gasped out. He quickly put in the new, shiny metal chip and slammed the chunk of metal straight into his chest after the nurses gave him his dosage of the temporary fix and lowered his head in shame when they bandaged his torso again. They were only trying to help, but their hands felt suffocating. He stomached it until they finished and left the room with the note that the dosage will take effect in a few minutes.
He doesn’t have to ask for entry anymore, for the AI automatically opens the door of the lab upon his approach, but he still does so anyway and always mutters a shy “Thank you, JARVIS.”
“The unlabeled one,” Steve said immediately as he hoped it would display yet another heartwarming footage.
“Simmer down, Children. Or no chocolate cake after dinner,” Bruce said.
“H-How... H-ow d-did...”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve smiled. He was ready to walk around proudly telling people he led the war against Nazis and
“Thank y-you,” Tony whispered.
“That’s it. I have a headache. Wake me up when Fury wants the Hulk to swallow a bomb or something.”
Tony glared harder and answered, “Clearly, not working. But hey. Fake it until you make it.”
“Ayye,” Clint beamed when he saw the small glowing triangle in the middle of Tony’s reactor and gave him a fist bump. “We’re gonna celebrate.”
He inserted the tape but didn’t press the PLAY button, which suddenly looked as if it were challenging him.
Tony slept peacefully through the night, free of nightmares.
“Steve, I think—” Natasha started before Tony pulled out of Steve’s chest. His head rested against the strong arm behind it that was cradling him, and a dopey smile came across his face as he looked up at the Captain. Steve’s heart clenched at the sight. His eyes were glossy, his lips were red and trembling slightly, and a drunken blush decorated his cheeks and nose.
“That he scares me. Which he does sometimes. I just...” he let out a frustrated sigh before he continued. “Sometimes I see him as nothing but the posters from my room back then. Or the Steve Rogers who would be so proud of me for doing whatever Howard forced me to do. Or the Captain America I could never amount to. It’s the worst thing ever because I do have feelings for him. And because I know he’s nothing like that. He’s so kind and so good and it just fucking angers me so much that sometimes I can’t see it.”
“Yes,” Tony grimaced as he recalled the fear and the hot, white terror that washed over him when he had lost the chess round for the very first time in his life.
“Fuck,” Steve muttered under his breath. He paused. This was new, intense, and nothing that he could chase after or find a simple release for. This was a newfound, liberating kind of power that Tony had over him. Just a few minutes ago, Steve felt drowned not by cold water, but by guilt and shame. Now, he sang in the shower and cursed at his stray golden locks. And the best part was that it was all because of Tony.
Natasha nodded once and started speaking in a soft, hushed voice. The room got colder, which was JARVIS’ way of trying to help. “Hey, Tony. You’re in the tower. The Avengers tower. It’s November twenty-first. You’re safe and in New York.”
FOR HOWARD.
“Should’ve been my fucking guest, birdie,” Tony, still sporting the art of keeping it together, joked. “Anyway, I’ll show you to your rooms.”
Steve slowly crawled towards Tony, slowly took his cold, trembling hands into his own, and slowly pulled him into his embrace. “Cry. Scream. Hit me if you’d like. Whatever it is you wanna do. You don’t have to be alone tonight.”
“I feel safe here, that much is true,” he whispered. “But I also feel safe with you.”
“I have a guest with me, Peggy. Remember Steve?” Tony said and signaled for Steve to enter. Steve walked over to her slowly as she kept blinking at him in disbelief. He held his breath as he took a seat by her bed and held her wrinkled hand. “Hey, Peggy,” he whispered.
He didn’t know the word to this back then, and he didn’t know that it was bad. All he knew was that he was drunk, Obadiah was almost always around him and away from his wife, and something about how Tony owed him just that much.
They sat there in a comfortable silence, with Tony held tightly against Steve’s chest. The brunet couldn’t help the sigh of content that escaped him as he nuzzled his face against the blonde’s warm chest, often hearing his heart skip a beat. For the first time, he didn’t feel so small. If anything, what he felt was pleasantly strange. He didn’t know the word he could use for it, but as he turned his head towards the tree that witnessed his miserable years and held angry carvings as proof of so, he knew what it was.
“You and your British people...” Pepper mutters under her breath. Tony takes a quick glance towards the Captain who has been watching intently and lowers his gaze when they accidentally make eye contact. “At least go and just make a little speech? Just for five minutes?”
“Tony, are you sure?”
“Tony? Can we talk to you?” Natasha says before the engineer makes an escape yet again.
In his mind, the fire was still out of reach. Sure, there was sharp heat fanning over his face, but he was yet to burn, so he stretched out his arms further.
Tony was basically tiptoeing on his feet with excitement to leave this place already. He practically bolted out of the kitchen as the terror seeped out of his pores with every step that neared the main door.
“You’ll know. Soon, I hope,” Tony said with a promising smile.
“He said he will, Agent Fury. He’ll be late,” Steve answered.
“My mother’s dead. Loki’s dead,” he muttered. “My brother is dead.”
Cold dread washed over Tony’s body. He took a step backwards as if the words had pushed him. He could hear Fury instructing him to get out. “This isn’t worth it, Stark. He’s messing with you. We’ve already got everything we wanted out of him.”
“You never ever have to be sorry over any of this, okay? You’ve come a long way, baby. Just take a deep breath and do whatever you wanna do whenever you’re ready.”
“I missed you,” Steve breathed out.
“Yeah, um. I know. Okay. I'll come up with something new. Oh and Pepper, make sure the gala on Thursday doesn’t get any form of media coverage. And make sure you invite that other billionaire I always forget the name of. He always leaves a lotta money behind,” Tony said as he gave a warm smile to Rhodey when he left him his plate of cake on the counter.
“Why? We’re trying to fucking help and he—”
He still felt that bleak, bugs-crawling-all-over dread. His mind was stuck on what could have been if he had just departed life like he wanted. There was this nagging voice in his mind that kept scolding him and reviewing over his attempt.
“Clint. Shut up,” Bruce says through gritted teeth.
“Oh yeah? Come up here and win then, red riding hood.”
, when all he could hear was
Rhodey was smart enough to ask the team of how much they knew and was surprised to know that Steve and Thor know of the extent of the abuse he endured in Afghanistan as well as under Obadiah’s wing.
“Please, Steve! Wake up!”
“Did... did Nick Fury just say he’s sorry?” Tony’s jaw hung open as he whispered his disbelief. Fury rolled his eye and smirked. “Don’t make me regret it.”
Tony was anticipating some snarky comment come his way from Clint, but the silence of the night fell heavy on his ears. He turned to Clint, who held on to the blanket like he wanted to tear it apart. He looked over Bruce and Thor, and they both wore sad looks. He looked at Steve again, and saw him hold the Captain America pillow tightly to his chest and bury his face in it. That’s not to mention Natasha, who Tony’s mind insisted that right now she is Natalie.
“I’m just so fucking glad you’re alive,” Bruce said as his eyes glazed with hot tears.
“Tony,” Thor starts. “We possess a responsibility, and we will put it to use.” the god throws a tree over his shoulders casually. “Now, where shall we plant these?”
"Who are they? How do they know me?"
“Tony,” Natasha’s voice was stern enough to gain the drunk man’s attention, but soft enough to not scare him off. “What drugs are you on?” Tony giggled in response.
Dum-E whirred and beeped.
Tony scared the team. Not in the way that he screamed or tore through the mansion room by room, but in the way that he woke up the next day and moaned in pleasure when his cup of coffee came out exactly how he liked it. He scared them in the way that he called an angry Pepper and cooed at her with nicknames reserved only for her and the promise of getting her a platter of sushi from her favorite place if she takes on the upcoming gala instead of him. He scared them in the way that he fired back with snarky and sarcastic comments to everything Fury said over the phone. He scared them when he shook his head at Clint taking the driver’s seat. “Nah-uh, sweetheart. I’m driving.”
and lips that tremble slightly at the sight of the big brown eyes before him.
“Yeah, do it for America,” Clint said.
Before Steve could lament on his thoughts, another tape started.
“I take the word ‘legend’ back,” Clint said with casual disdain, which shocked Tony. He expected them to drench him in pitiful looks, but all he heard were mutters of agreement upon Natasha’s phrase of “Glad the fucker’s dead.”
“Tony, your body still needs to recover from all that palladium. Please eat,” Bruce says.
"Tis such a beautiful night. Look at all the stars!" Thor spoke in awe.
“Worried? Why?”
“Yup! Say hi!”
Sat on antique satin embroidered with patterns of gold, he felt no comfort. The chunks of rubies decorating the coffee table before him held no beauty, just an angry shade of crimson red.
“No. Besides, they told me she has Alzheimer's now and that she wouldn’t remember me.”
Without a second thought, Steve got up to grab the last tape from the box. FOR HOWARD. Steve looked at the name with something he thought he would never associate to anyone from his past other than the Nazis he had fought. Despite his team’s protests and them telling him “Enough! We don’t wanna see anymore!” He knew he had to see all of it. He had to understand all of it.
He throws a heavy vase filled with sunflowers against the mirror and smiles at a reflection of himself against a broken shard amidst the yellow-black flowers. He walks out.
He blasted AC/DC and hummed along to the tunes. He stopped by a sushi restaurant and sure enough got Pepper a platter of her favorite food. They all exchanged looks of confusion and discomfort, except for Natasha who has seen this before. Still, it raised a question they didn’t quite know the answer of. Is this how Tony Stark... is?
“Don’t worry, Legolas. JARVIS doesn’t tell me if you’re perched up in the vents to plot your pranks or whatever. It’s just during missions.”
“You already donated millions of dollars to the goddamn boys' and girls' scouts!”
“Howard? Are you okay?” It was soft, understanding, caring. He can’t be cruel to her.
“Take the elevator. To his lab. Now! GO!”
Clint had also taught Tony how to go through any vent, and soon, used the knowledge of doing so to prank a Russian redhead, who had once run after the pair of troublemakers with threats of stabbing them while they laughed. At some point, Tony has run to hide behind Steve as he giggled and poked his head over the soldier’s shoulder just to stick his tongue out at the angry spy as her attempts at getting to Tony were blocked by the Captain.
Now is his only chance. Now might be the only time he will ever get to say the right thing. He wanted to wipe the smile off Tony’s face, for it was never genuine. He might as well draw it on his armor’s faceplate.
“Tony?” a knock at his door startled him, and the arc reactor fell out of his hand and onto the floor. He dropped on his knees to retreat it, but his muscles felt weak and torn. “You okay, Tony?”
She looked up at Tony who stood on the other side of the bed, and back at Steve again.
They’re treating him differently not out of respect, but out of pity. And Tony wants to burn and melt as easy as the smothered tapes.
The genius’ eyebrows raise in amusement before he lets out a breathless laugh. Is that what it takes to be someone worth worrying over? Someone worth looking out for? Someone to talk to in a friendly manner and smile in the face of?
“You okay, pointbreak?”
“Hey, JARVIS?” Steve looked at the ceiling as he spoke. “Tony said a word when he was talking to me. Um, tess-orrow, I think. What does it mean?”
Something Tony always understood about Bruce’s case was that it was hard on the Doctor to stay focused when the Other Guy was present in his head and often dissociated. So Tony nodded to himself. “Right. I’ll wait for you, Bruce. You just gotta come back to me.”
“Once upon a time, there lived a filthy rich man named Howard Stark, who owed us a lotta money. But he died. Rest in peace, Howard. You’re greatly missed,” the man looked up to the ceiling for a few seconds in reminiscence. “Obadiah took over because poor Anthony was still a little guy. But Oba-fucking-diah didn’t have the money. And he couldn’t give us much because you were still too fucking young to sign a few papers. Legal shit and blah blah blah interfered. So old man Obi suggested a new form of payment. One we were very, very pleased with.” The man put on a wicked toothy smile that forced Tony to gulp. “What was it?” he asked through gritted teeth.
Steve inhaled sharply at the words that rolled off the young kid’s tongue. Only ten years old at the time and already suicidal and depressed. He couldn’t help the tears that rolled off his cheek as he watched the British butler pull the sobbing kid into his embrace and rocking back and forth until the genius quieted down.
He didn’t have it in him to be cruel to her. He just left her brain make whatever it wanted out of reality, all while holding her wrinkled, lithe hands.
Tony’s eyes furrowed in confusion, but he decided that they must be concerned for the doctor and let his confusion seep out of his mind quickly. He focused on calming the man in his arms, and soon enough, the doctor pulled away with a shaky smile. “I’m sorry. Got your shirt all wet.”
“You placed a tracker in Steve’s suit?” Natasha inquired with a raised brow.
That it was not rape.
“You are!”
Obadiah would smile.
“Only if you know I care about you. And the Other Guy, too,” Tony said with a fond smile.
“Yes, dear?” Tony snapped out of his trance.
The Avengers watched in horror as their consultant walked from one room to another breaking and tearing his way through it. They have never seen him like this before, and it unsettled all of them to no end. Bruce’s skin wore a green tint. The last time Natasha’s face was this distressed was during her days in the Red Room. Steve’s heart was clenching in fear and guilt. Clint was crying silently. Thor’s face was solemn and as collected as ever—he has seen this before, and he still didn’t know what to do.
The phrase was simple enough to knock the air out of Steve’s chest. He hadn’t realized how much he has subconsciously dissociated the kid on screen from the man in front of him. History doesn’t repeat itself, it rhymes; which is how it rings a bell in Steve’s mind of how much of the same mistake he keeps sketching different versions of. Page three of Tony’s file was screaming at him the words POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER just as much as the tape screamed FOR HOWARD, and yet he didn’t quite wrap his head around the extent of it all.
He thought to himself.
FOR HOWARD. Smudged. Old. Dusty, except for a few fingerprints leaving their mark against the dust and—
“—ou, doctor. We’ll look out fo—”
Tony made the mistake of looking up at the sky full of stars. He could hear the Avengers marvel at the sight, and his head lowered in shame and hatred for himself.
Weak, vulnerable, defenseless.
But Bruce scrambled to his feet as he snatched the medical devices from the physician’s hands as the Hulk’s voice dominated the scientist’s vocal cords. “Shut up! Tony hurt! But Tony no die!”
Thor nodded. “M-My dearest apologies.”
“Ay. I meant no harm, however. I only meant to heal his head and rid him of the memories for the moment.”
“Alright, alright. Just... I’m sorry if I—”
Rhodey’s words from a meeting they had earlier rung through Steve’s ears.
The tape got cut, probably from lack of battery life. And the Avengers sat in an uncomfortable, heavy silence. Steve looked around in a daze. He wasn’t crying. He felt numb. He couldn’t think. His head kept screaming at him that this was all a movie. It wasn’t real, but it was. He looked around to see everyone else look down at their laps in shock, except for Bruce who cornered himself on a couch, his knees drawn up to his chest and his hands in his hair as he rocked himself back and forth trying to contain the beast within him that kept growling “Tony hurt!” over and over again.
“You little shit! I’m donating you, I swear to god,” he muttered in his haste to wherever Steve is, which was in the bathroom of his floor.
He looked through the rearview mirror at Steve to see that look of excitement still in his eyes. He knew that visiting the mansion was Steve’s chance to connect to something from the past. He could tell that the soldier grew depressed over his inability to find closure with how the past has ended. Steve’s therapist always reported back to Tony as the consultant of the team to let him know of how the soldier’s mind was functioning, and she explained that forcing Steve to look on the bright side of events and to accept the future falls under a toxic sense of positivity.
“Remember that mission Captain was on a month back at one of HYDRA’s facilities? He came back with his suit torn, which by the way, once we reach the tower, I'll hand you an upgraded version. A stealth suit. Shit’s tough as nails. Bulletproof, cut proof, burnproof, needle proof, yada yada. Nothing can get to it,” another spoonful of Lucky Charms. “Right, well. I placed a new piece of nanotech in Steve’s suit. A tracker. The tracker’s linked directly to JARVIS, and that’s exactly how these bastards got to my precious AI.”
“Hey, Natasha?”
“Touch me. However way you like.”
“They know enough.”
Bruce showed up a few minutes later with bowls of food to the people residing in the lab, and Rhodey showed up shortly after with extra boxes of doughnuts. Tony took a break to enjoy the food he’s been spoiled with before he delved yet again into work.
“Uh-oh...” Tony muttered.
“Okay, so, I was at my therapist’s office before I came here. And she suggested I start working on something I've honestly been too embarrassed to ask of you in front of the team,” he paused to look into Steve’s baby blue eyes. “Alright. Here goes nothing. Uh, can I touch you?”
"Faccio il meglio per il meglio." = I do the best for the best.
But he is. He doesn’t need a ticking clock or JARVIS eloquently declaring it, for he is stood a surgery room away from the realization—the realization that the
The euphemism doesn’t make it any easier on Pepper to take the state of her friend and long-term boss, and she chokes on her cries before she asks, “Why?”
"I missed you so much, Sir. And I'm happy that I shall continue my service."
please leave a comment of your thoughts and opinions!!
“Stop, JARVIS. Please,” Tony whispered as he sobbed. “Just... just do everything we’ve agreed on. Send the contracts to Pepper... and... just... do everything we’ve agreed on.”
He knew that part of him missing out on so much on getting to know the Avengers or for them to know him much earlier was due to how so little he talked about himself and his feelings. Talking about technicalities of his work and science seemed far more important, but now he realizes that he could’ve been spared so many awkward situations and misunderstandings if he just
Everybody goes through something that changes them—something that becomes the juxtaposition of who they are now and who they were before. Tony didn’t necessarily know who he was supposed to be if he hadn’t been subjected to abuse. He often wondered if his identity was even his own, and not of whoever he had saw an escape and comfort in molding himself into, but he never truly allowed himself to dwell on that. He still didn’t accept his childhood even after all those years, for he yearned for innocence and all it is that came with it. He didn’t want to allow himself to feel a sense of grief over the death of young and vulnerable years he didn’t even get to live through. It was all too late, anyway.
One day, Steve decided to hang around in the genius' lab. He brought his sketchbook and pencils and a chlorophyll smoothie for Tony, who took a sip and muttered a "Nope." It wasn't the many benefits of said smoothie for someone with a high level of blood toxicity as his, but the Captain's puppy eyes that the genius didn't know would get to him half as much as they did, and he found himself snatching the bottle out of the soldier's grip as he groaned "Ugh, fine!"
But Tony stayed in that position just staring into Steve’s eyes, his fond smile not wavering. He cupped the blonde’s cheek with one hand, and Steve couldn’t help but part his lips to breathe a little steadier. Tony’s mind was buzzing in content, and for a moment there, all that he could think of was how kind and blue Steve’s eyes are. His eyes shifted to the rest of the soldier’s face. His lips were parted as he breathed steadily, and Tony couldn’t help but take notice of how plump and pink they look. With one more glance to Steve’s eyes, where he saw nothing but blue and kindness, he tilted his head and moved closer and closer.
It was slightly smudged
“Tony. The gala is important. You need the PR now more than ever. Come on, you know it...”
“I’m so sorry—”
“Wear that black jacket you wore a few days ago, please. Be ready in an hour. Now if you excuse me, I have a Russian spy to punch,” Tony said and started to walk back into the boxing ring.
“—s’wrong? Why’s he—” he heard a voice say, albeit muffled to his ears.
—his most recent nightmare that sent him into a spiral of panic and dread.
“Yeah, I did. This thing needs adjusting, y’know?”
“Because I’m tired. This life, I’ve come to realize, is not worth it.”
Natasha tried as best as she could to say the things she often heard Pepper say to the engineer behind closed doors during her time as Natalie. Although Tony never panicked around her (
“She will. I know she will,” Tony smiled promisingly.
“Tony? How are you feeling?” Bruce asked.
“I missed you too, sweetheart. God, look at you! And look at Steve! Thank you for bringing him over here. And thank you Steve for coming. I thought I'd never see you,” she smiled.
It was right then and there that Steve realized that nothing in the world was as pleasuring as loving Tony and becoming his tesoro.
She let out a watery chuckle. “No. Forgot to, actually.”
When the session was over, he felt drained like he always did. He really didn’t feel up to any interactions with anyone, especially not Pepper who had let him know the D.O.D. have approved of the Stark Expo, to which he kept arguing back and forth with her to cancel. “I’m not on my cycle, Pepper!” he yelled. “Abort mission!”
“Tony, just—”
And the engineer beamed with triumph at the Captain, because god knows just how much Tony wanted to make him laugh and smile. But there was nothing as beautiful as watching the soldier speak of the past with a contagious smile and steady hands, his figure only shaking when he laughed. Tony loved how human he is—nothing,
It was absolutely ridiculous to Tony how easily Steve could cheer him up, and he held onto him and nuzzled his face against the man’s chest. “I love you,” he mumbled.
“Shut up, Stark! I bet you can’t win against Steve,” Clint said.
“Yeah, do whatever you want.”
Her hold of him loosens, and Tony’s heart clenches in dread of what he’s anticipating. He pulls out of her embrace slowly and cups her cheeks, and his tear stained face has his begs written all over it.
“Whatever you want, Sir. And Sir?”
“There’s only one way to find out,” Clint said as he grabbed at a labeled tape but stopped dead in his tracks when he saw a tape labeled with just a smiley face. “Yo, look. This one’s labeled differently. We’ll play that one.”
“Wanna talk about it?”
“OOOOO! He does not disappoint!” Natasha exclaimed. “Please Steve put us out of our misery and win over this genius bastard. We are begging you.”
thank you so much for reading!! leave a comment of your thoughts and opinions!!
They spent the night on the roof after the prank was carried out, which turns out Natasha had known about Bruce and Thor’s conspiracy against the archer and went to warn him. Natasha and Clint conducted a prank of their own and ended up getting the Doctor and the God of Thunder first. Tony and Steve watched from afar as Thor tried to remove the wet hair strands away from his face. “You shall feel the wrath of my pranks alongside the incredible Hulk soon enough, traitors!”
And so, Tony looked on the road ahead and said, “Hey, Steve? You’re gonna love Howard’s study room. He’s always kept a bunch of photographs of you guys together around. You can take a look when we arrive there.”
The Avengers waited for their consultant to lead the way. His shaky hands and aching heart opened the door to the mansion, and a string of impressed phrases erupted. The house was grand; neutral colors painted the walls to bring out its elegant design, antique furniture embroidered with gold and clad in silk, immaculate white ceramic floors, and golden staircases that looked like they would lead to heaven.
“No, Tony,” Natasha said smoothly. “We’re just worried for you.”
He sighs and lets his bloodshot red eyes drop to the floor. His arms fold as he leans more of his weight into the doorframe. He sees her emerald eyes blink through the mirror, and it makes it easier for him to say the next words.
“You still drinking, right? I mean, we saw the pictures. What happened to you publicly stating that you’re quitting that stuff for good?”
However, Thor seemed to have an idea to put an end to this. He reached out slowly with both hands towards the engineer, and spoke softly as he told him of every move he was taking towards him. He placed his hands against the screaming man's temples and closed his eyes.
“We know enough,” Steve put a hand over the tape in Tony’s hand. “Please don’t do this to yourself.”
“Steve?” Bruce’s voice chimed in. “You okay?”
“What the hell did you do to me?”
Of course, JARVIS was able to track the Captain and notify Tony of whether he was okay or not. He always held his breath as the British, firm voice listed injuries the Captain has acquired along the way, and only seemed to breathe easier again when said list was followed by “The mission is going according to plan. He is alive and well, Sir.”
“And you’re good at hacking,” she says matter-of-factly, and he doesn’t have to ask to know what she’s referring to. They both know exactly what she’s talking about, and he just looks at her with a smirk and mutters “Russian spies, man.”
“I also swore I wouldn’t join this super-secret boyband,” Tony said with a groan as his head throbbed. “Clearly, I’m regretting this so much already. Gosh, can I please have a painkiller?”
wait—that sounded familiar to the team.
He turned on his heels in his pace, and stumbled back a few steps when he bumped into Dum-E.
“Tony. You’ve been clean for almost a year now. You’ve been sober for almost a year.”
while Rhodey’s would say
Tony’s heart ached once more as he noticed Steve’s face brighten and his eyes glimmer.
“Nah, you don’t gotta thank me,” Clint smiled. “That’s what friends are for.”
“Don’t—hmmph. Don’t leeaaaave,” Tony whined and held tightly on to Steve’s blue shirt. “T’scared here.”
“Nicholas. His name was Nicholas.”
Steve can’t help but notice that Tony’s smiles at him say something, he just doesn’t know what.
“Hey, Cap,” he steadied his voice in an instant and wiped furiously at his eyes. “Guess who’s gonna be disabling Rhodey’s override code tonight...”
hope you enjoyed reading!! please leave a comment of your thoughts and opinions!!
“That still doesn’t explain why you’re wearing my hoodie.”
“I say we give him time.”
The recording ended, and the Avengers felt their heart tighten. They had an idea of Tony’s history of kidnappings, but they didn’t know it started from such a young age. It made sense, however. He was the son of a rich businessman, and Natasha should have known this, but she didn’t, and she felt her heart clench in shame.
“We care, Tin Man,” Hulk’s voice erupted from within the scientist’s throat. “We always care about Tin Man.”
